masaan Story : neeraj ghaywan , varun grover screenplay & dialogue : varun grover 05-08-2014 on black text appear on screen : Zindagi kya hai , anaasir mein zahur -e- tarteeb , maut kya hai , ini aza ka pareshaan hona . '' what be life ? a delicate arrangement of the five element . what be death ? a slight disturbance of this arrangement . '' - pandit brij narayan ' chakbast 's int . devi be house - day devi pathak , 24 , be look at she desktop ( off screen ) with excitement . slow saxophone music be play on the computer , devi 's phone ring . we see ' piyush coach 's on she phone . we do not hear what 's be say from the other side . devi theek hai , hum nikal rahe hain . she hang up and be in a sudden hurry . she open the curtain and let the light in . she look in to the mirror . adjust she hair and dupatta . pick up she shoulder - bag ( overly fill ) and prepare to leave . a sense of urgency in she action . she look at the tea by the table . it 's cold , she gulp it all in one go . CUT to : ext . devi 's house - day devi lock the outside gate of she old lig ( low income Group ) flat in a quieter part of the town , almost on the fringe of the city . CUT to : ext . road - day devi be in a share auto-rickshaw . she cover herself with dupatta . CUT to : ext . another road - day devi in a mini-bus , a town - to - town shuttle service . the front of the bus have a destination board ' Varanasi - chandauli - Varanasi 's . CUT to : ext . chandauli railway station - day devi get off the bus , look across the road . piyush , 20 , scrawny with a adolescent moustache , slightly nerdy , wear full - sleeve shirt and trousers , stand across the road . she look at he . from a distance we see both of they talk . they talk drown by the chaotic traffic and market commotion around . they split in opposite direction . CUT to : ext / int . sulabh shauchalaya - day she see a sign that show rs. 2 to use the washroom . a fat woman sit at the table collect the money . devi just leave a 5 rupee coin and dash in . Inside the small , dirty washroom , devi change into a saari . the door be break and she cant lock herself . put on vermillion , red bangle , like a newly wed woman ( some graffiti of dick and boob and cuss word can be see on the wall behind . ) she exit with she bag . look at the fat woman out front . woman keep the 3 rupee balance on the table , they exchange a brief glance . devi walk away without pick the coin . be / c ext . chandauli station market - day piyush be buy a large cheap travel bag . the seller take off the paper ball ( use to inflate the bag ) . piyush put they back in . piyush busy a fluffy jacket and wear it . CUT to : ext . chandauli railway station - day devi and piyush meet at the same point they disperse from . he be wait with a travel bag . they exchange a faint gesture of amusement . they talk . ( indistinct ) piyush look slightly hesitant . devi walk ahead to cross the road , piyush follow . they cross the road in heavy traffic . CUT to : 10 11 ext./ int . sunrise lodge chandauli - day devi and piyush at the reception counter . Travel bag on piyush 's shoulder . they talk to the man at the counter . ( indistinct . ) the receptionist look at they suspiciously . CUT to : int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day devi and piyush in the small , shady room . devi and piyush stand next to each other . they come close and be about to kiss . piyush step back a bit , go to the window and draw some of the curtain that be still open . he turn on the tv and put on the news channel . he come back and give she a gift ( a rectangular box pack in kite - paper of a sober color ) he have hide inside he jacket . devi giggle , look at he lovingly , and keep the gift in she bag without open . ( note : establish shot of gift be place in the bag . ) CUT to : int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day both be nervous . devi take he hand and put it under she blouse . he gasp . piyush move forward to kiss she , devi be slightly hesitant . devi move forward . they start kissing awkwardly . then stop , look at each other , and control they giggle . piyush kya hua ? devi ajab sa laga to zara ? piyush shake he head in a no and come forward to kiss again . CUT to : int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day they be fully naked now , under the sheet . devi be look at she reflection in the dirty , break mirror on the side of the bed . the door be knock . devi keep moan , piyush stop , and the door be knock again . this time vigorously . devi sit up , piyush turn pale . door knock again , this time pound . voice kya panchait ho rahi hai andar ? devi try to find she undergarment , piyush panic try to find he . the door be be bang now with much force , somebody try to break in . devi wear she undergarment . piyush mere kapde ? they be look for piyush 's clothes when the door be break open . 3 cop ( Inspector mishra ( 38 ) and three hawaldaar ) come run in , a couple of hotel employee peep in from behind . as soon as they enter , one of the hawaldaar start shoot they on he mobile phone . mishra ( charge in ) kya bhasad macha rakhi hai ? baajaar bana diya yahaan ... direct he assistant . two of they drag piyush by he hair and place he by a wall . the assistant hold piyush 's hand and pull he either side with he face to the wall . he be only wear a underwear . one of the assistant ( female ) belt he on he buttock . piyush start scream in pain . mishra ( cont 'd ) naam ? piyush piyush aggarwal ! chhod do sir !!! the assistant keep belting he on he buttock . mishra kya karte ho ? piyush Student hun sir .. piyush be scream . devi be shouting too . mishra kahan se aaye ho ? piyush aaa .. allahabad se . Sir , please sir !! kuch settlement kar lo sir .. please !! the assistant increase the blow and leave he there . piyush squat down unable to sit on the floor . he be sobbing . 12 mishra turn to devi who hide she face with she hand . mishra nod at he assistant with mobile camera who hand the camera to he . he take it close to devi 's face . mishra naam ? devi devi. mishra ( matter of factly ) tumra life toh kandam ho gaya . piyush make a run to the bathroom howling . the two hawaldaar be in he way , but he manage to get in the bathroom and bolt the door from inside . mishra ( cont 'd ) ( amused ) bahin- chod isey kya hua ? the hawaldaar start bang on the bathroom door . mishra look at devi with a question - mark on he face . devi be cry . CUT to : int . bathroom - day piyush be sobbing and shaking inside . he can hear the voice of hawaldaars knock on the door . hawaldaar 1 ( v.o. ) kya rajkumar ...? piyush Sir sorry sir ... sir maaf kar do sir ... galti ho gayi ... sir main student hoon sir ... hawaldaar 2 ( v.o. ) settlement karne wale they to .. kya hua ! ! piyush Sir sorry sir ... please sir ... sir ... main college mein padhta hoon sir ... sir hum log lst time aaye sir ... he cry while look for a escape route . CUT to : 13 14 15 int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day devi be look at he shadow trickle out from below the bathroom door . he be fidget . the cop be a bit confuse . mishra find piyush 's trousers . he take out he wallet . take out identity card . he go near the bathroom . mishra pita ka naam : ramdhari aggarwal . phone number 9817483932 . gt professional University , allahabad Road . du minit mein baahir aao nahin toh bhanabhan phone laga denge gharey . piyush panic and start scream . piyush ( cry loudly ) nahin sir ! nahin nahin nahin .. please sir ... main aata hoon sir ... bathroom lag gaya.. sir .. aata hoon sir the assistant laugh . mishra be emotionless . CUT to : int . bathroom - day piyush be try to open the jamme window . fail . then spot a towel and a glass with dry flower in it , float in dirty water . a use medimix soap be by the glass . he pick up the towel , stuff it in he mouth . pick up the glass , break it and contemplate . Close of he face as he grimace with blood shot red eye . open the tap and water start swirl in the basin . CUT to : int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day mishra look at devi hide she face and cry . he signal the female assistant . mishra pull up a chair and sit close to she . the female assistant slap devi across she face twice . devi scream . the assistant hold devi 's hair . devi scream in pain . mishra kahaan se ho ? maduvadeeh ? 16 17 18 devi nahin . mishra Nepal se ? devi look up at he , with hurt in she eye . devi aap galat samajh rahe hain . mishra ( turn he attention towards the door ) abe kop-bhavan hai kya ? todo sasur . the hawaldaar start bang the bathroom door . no response . they break it open . piyush be lie dead in blood . his wrist be slashed with glass . panic in the rank . we stay on devi 's face . CUT to : int . sunrise lodge chandauli / room - day from devi 's Pov , we see piyush 's ( probably dead ) body be take out . blood drip from he hand , mouth open wide , lodge employee look at devi and the dead body with voyeuristic glee . mishra ( mumble ) hadd hai saala ! more hotel employee be peeping now . CUT to : ext . sunrise lodge chandauli - day devi have she face cover in dupatta . her bag be on she shoulder . she be be take into a jeep . some boy be shoot this on he phone . the jeep move . Close of devi 's face - a crestfallen , shocked , impossible expression . dissolve to : ext . gange mirzapur - day a stone be throw on water and it glide on water almost jump three time . we move ahead to see some boy by a ghat . deepak , 24 , a wiry , dark -skin boy have throw the stone from the desert ghaat . he be stand with 4 friend ( ruppan , kk , pushpi , and naveen , all 20 - 23 year of age ) . kk have bleach hair and be the only ' stylish 's , overconfident boy in the group . a natural leader . naveen be click a group selfie picture — on he cheap mobile phone . ruppan , pushpi , and kk stand shoulder - to - shoulder , smile . deepak be stand a bit away , throw stone in the river . naveen hanso saalon ! they smile and he click a photo . then they all huddle to see the click . kk kya yaar meri aankh bandh hai . pushpi haan ... aankh bandh hai aur daant baahar ... aisa lag raha hai blonde saala sadka maar raha hai ... they all laugh . deepak join they too . bend over to look at the photo . while flipping through he picture , they see a young priyanka Gandhi photo . pushpi ( cont 'd ) kuchh bhi bolo ... piri-yanka Gandhi hai mast cheej ! ruppan saala congressi... phone mein priyanka Gandhi ki photo rakha hai ?? kk tab toh ee deepakwa saala mayawati ka photo rakha hoga ... all laugh , deepak smile . deepak ( urgently ) aa gaye will ... kk and ruppan run towards a oncoming motorbike . two boy be riding on it . they intercept the bike , deepak be stand a bit behind , not get involved directly . 19 kk ( to the boy on the pillion seat ) kya be rinku ... kahaan chaley ? rinku bhaad jaa rahe hain ... chalna hai ? kaun ho ? kk poora parichay chitthii mein likh ke bhejenge baad mein ... abhi bas yahi kahna hai ki pooja chauhan ko miss call kaahe de rahe ho ? rinku ( to he friend , the rider ) ae chal to ... they start the bike to leave but kk and ruppan start slapping rinku while hold the bike . naveen and pushpi break the indicator light with a brick . rinku ( cont 'd ) ae haath nahi lagaana ...hum ... kk be about to hit the brick on rinku 's head when deepak intervene and hold kk back . deepak ( hold he hand up , gesture he friend to stop ) pyaar se bolenge , bahan maan ke chalo pooja chauhan ko ... bahut miss - — call a rahi hai dimaag mein toh humko diya karo ... the bike finally get away and rinku and friend escape . kk ( shouting after they , throw a stone at the bike ) kal ladki ke janamdin pe koi harkat ki toh tod ke rakh denge ... samjhe ! he turn back and smile at deepak . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat road - day deepak get off from the auto . start walk . the lane get narrower . he enter a small lane . pile of wood on both side can be see . dense smoke come from other side . a small shop sell colorful , gold - border shroud . 20 21 22 10 the gange can now be see only a few foot away . the ghaat , crowded , with mostly man in white . deepak climb a flight of earthen stair just before the river and reach a small house - a ancient duplex of sort . CUT to : int . deepak 's house - day a lady , shaanti ( 52 ) , weaving a carpet with some more lady ( include deepak 's bhabhi rani ( 28 ) ) , sit on the floor of a huge hall . shaanti ( get up ) aa gaya beta ... rukaa ho , paani dete hain .. deepak nahin tu kaam kar ... leta hoon main . he 's undoing the lace of he rugge sport -shoe . she still get up and give he a glass of water . shaanti aur choolhe ka time hua ... aag laa de baahar se . deepak finish he glass of water in one gulp and get up . shaanti ( cont 'd ) aur sikandar ko bhi utha de .. uska time ho gaya ... CUT to : int . deepak 's house / room - day deepak climb up the stair . a small little room with a pile of mattress in a corner . he 's shaking up sikandar , 32 , who be sleep there . deepak bhaai...uth ja ... bhaai . sikandar open he eye and look blankly at deepak . a wide - eye , get - back -into - the-world look . ( sikandar look perennially tired , scruffy unkempt beard and cold ) CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat —- afternoon deepak walk down the flight of stair . enter the ghaat area . lot of funeral pyre burn . 23 24 25 11 a old man , doctor , 58 , wave at he . deepak wave back . a couple of other worker greet he with respect . he nod at they . deepak take a small wooden twig , go to a burn pyre and light it up . CUT to : int . deepak 's house - day deepak be lighting the gas stove on each of the 3 floor of he house with the flame from the twig . CUT to : int . gange - day underwater view a coin be fall through muddy water , a hand come and grab it . we see jhonta , 9 , a thin kid with long hair , swim like a pro and collect coin from under - water and put they in he mouth . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day jhonta come over - water , coin in he mouth . mostly desert ghaat . do not look touristy . the highway can be see in the distance . a 7 foot by 4 foot shop face gange . pathak , 48 , be sit with a bunch of neighbor shopkeeper and two student on the step outside he shop . jhonta come from behind and hide mischievously . pathak 's shop be fill with pooja saamagri , book , etc . student be ready to take note . one student place a recorder in front . pathak record bhi hoga ? student 1 haan . another shopkeeper walk in . pathak arre aaiye Seth ji ... yeh log vishwa - vidyalaya se aaye hain ... har ghaat ke itihaas pe koi ... 12 student 2 «+- project hai . seth JI hum kya bataayenge ... iss ghaat ke viraajmaan gyaani toh aap hi hain . pathak wink at the boatman vikram mallah , 32 playfully . pathak haan guru ... aapko toh galiyon ka itihaas pata hai ... shaam ke baad waali ! everybody laugh . jhonta appear from behind the shop . he slowly walk towards the sweet box lie open behind pathak . pathak ( cont 'd ) ( address the student ) itihaas toh ye hai ki jaisa itihaas mein hota hai - pahle kuchh nahin tha ! jungle tha ... aur ganga maiyya thi . log ganga maiyya ke chalte antim-sanskaar ko aane lage toh har raajya ke raja not apne-apne ghaat banwaaye ... vikram mallah , chuckle a bit look at jhonta steal sweet . pathak ( cont 'd ) apne pandit bhi bhejne lage ... toh aise har ghaat alag - alag raajya ka ho gaya . usmein bhi ( pathak catch jhonta in one quick snatch and start tickle he while talk ) ..- alag - alag raajya ki alag -alag jaati ke liye alag pandit . jhonta be laugh uncontrollably while pathak narrate the history in all seriousness . jhonta ( laugh ) aah...chhodo...mar jaaounga...chhodo...ahhahah ... pathak ab yeh ghaat jo hai ... iska dispute hai . Kashmir ki tarah . marathi log kahte hain ye unka hai ... aur gujarati kahte hain unka ... jhonta be now get double - up by tickle . 13 pathak ( cont 'd ) ( now to jhonta ) subah se 3 jajmaan pakad ke laaya nahin ... aur mithaayi khoob khaana hai . pathak 's phone ring . he let jhonta go . pathak ( cont 'd ) hello .. haan .. ji bol rahe hain . haan ... chandauli ? pathak be suddenly tense . 26 int . cop station - chandauli - evening devi be look at the set sun through the window . her face be swollen but expressionless . the tiredness of a long day be show . pathak ( 48 ) be sit next to she . mishra ladke ka poora naam tak nahin pata tha isko ... kah rahi hai coach mein aaya tha kuchh ... project type karwaane ...! Bas 2 baar mile aur nikal pade yeh log . aur dimaag dekhiye inn log ka ...ee madam saari - soori pahan ke , launda apna moochh - oochh ugaa ke , yahaan aayis , chandauli ... ( ask devi pointedly ) kya karne ? devi be silent . mishra ( cont 'd ) ( ask again ) arre kaho to ... abhi kya kahi thi ? ( see no response from devi ) ' jigyaasa mitaane ! 's pathak look at devi but she be look away , blank . mishra ( cont 'd ) abhi hum kisi patrakaar ko bula lein toh front page ho jaayega ! lag nahin raha hai ladka bachega ! devi look up a bit , come out of she stone state . pathak fold he hand and shake he head . mishra ( cont 'd ) kya naam likhte hain ? 27 28 14 pathak ji pathak . panchkoshi ghaat pe karmkaand karte hain . waise Sanskrit vidyapeeth mein adhyaapak they ... abhi kitaab ka anuvaad wagairah karte hain . ghaat pe baith ke hi ... pathak start choke a bit . mishra cut in . mishra Teen din baad phir bulaayenge . wahan pe zamaanat bhar dijiye aur beti ko abhi ke liye le jaaiye . pathak abhi ke liye ? mishra ladka bacha nahin toh abetment of suicide case hai . adaalat media lund - fund sab baki hai abhi . pathak stand there helpless . mishra ( cont 'd ) jaaiye . pathak nod and go to the other officer . CUT to : ext . devi be house - night devi and pathak walk in the street towards they home . pathak walk ahead and devi walk behind . pathak look for the key , can not find it in he pocket . devi dig through she bag and find she key . she open the lock . CUT to : int . devi 's house / live room - night pathak slump on the mattress lie on the floor in the draw room . devi go and wash she face in the wash - basin at the corner of the draw room . CUT to : 29 30 31 32 15 int . devi 's house / kitchen / live room - night devi be in the kitchen , put rice in the cooker . pathak be sit in the draw room and mindlessly flick channel on tv . CUT to : int . devi 's house / live room - day devi be flick channel on tv while pathak be eat rice and ghee , it 's hot and he still eat it by blow at every morsel . he eat a couple of spoon then stop . get up and throw the rice in the trash -bin . devi do not respond . he come in the room and start hit devi - relentlessly and without word . she do not protect herself , do not avoid the blow . tv remote fall down from she hand . pathak stop after 8 - 9 blow and walk away inside . ( the tv keep play all this while . ) we stay on devi 's expressionless face . int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom -— day Civil Engineering class be go on . roughly 50 student . prof . karki be teach reinforced concrete Design . deepak be make note attentively . pushpi and naveen be outside the class , wave at they to come out . kk and ruppan escape as karki turn towards the board . slight murmur . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom - day class be over and deepak pack he bag quickly . karki call he as he be on he way out . karki deepak ... deepak ji sir . karki ye placement ka form bhara ? show a multi-page form . 33 16 deepak nahi sir ...main ... ( he attention go to he friend wait outside ) Main bhar doonga . karki abhi bharo . agle hafte last date hai . kahaan jaana hai ? deepak nahin ... kahin nahin . he take the form and start fill it in hurriedly . the friend be do ' go fuck yourself gesture 's from outside and leave . ext . mirzapur girl 's college - day outside the college it 's all quiet . some boy be hang around . kk be hold a huge gift , which can be only one thing - a teddy bear . the ' message card 's on the pack be empty . naveen kuchh likhna nahin hai ispar ? kk abe wahi toh trick hai . hum bolenge - ' jab tum saamne hoti ho toh sab bhool jaate hain . likhna bhi bhool gaye . 's pushpi chappal maaregi dekhna ! the college gate open and girl rush out . deepak join he friend just then . tempowallahs scream ' cantt cantt 's for sawaaris . sudden commotion around the food stall . pooja be see with 3 of she friend . the girl be proceeding to a chaat-thela . Friends be now push kk to go ahead . kk be a bit nervous . kk deepakwa ... a to ! deepak be hesitant but kk grab he by he arm and take he along . ruppan hum bike start kar rahe hain ... donon pitne lage toh ... 34 17 kk just show he hand ( sign for ' lauda’ ) and go ahead . CUT to : ext . mirzapur girl 's college / chaat thela - day kk and deepak be stand behind pooja . pooja 's friend , shaalu , 21 , a beautiful , confident young girl , alert she . the girl be giggle . kk stretch he arm to hand over a huge gift ( obviously a teddy bear ) to pooja . kk yeh ... happy budday ! pooja ( take it ) aur ghar pe kya kahenge ? shaalu be feed some dry golgappas to a street dog . kk be just stand there , smile goofily at pooja . pooja ( cont 'd ) ( to kk ) boley nahin ? ghar pe kya kahenge ? kk ( fumble for a answer ) ab ghar pe toh ...matlab ... deepak kah dena inhone diya hai ... ( point to shaalu ) shaalu now look up at kk and deepak . her eye meet with deepak for the first time . shaalu aur gharwaale toh dhakkan hain to ... yeh bolegi aur will maan lenge ? koi ladki kisi ladki ko teddy bear deti hai kya ? kk agree with she and look at deepak for a answer . deepak be slightly dazzle by shaalu 's instant response . deepak ab koi ladki kutton ko batasha bhi toh nahin khilaati . pooja realize shaalu be feed golgappas to the dog . pooja ( to shaalu ) kuttey ko batasha kaahe de rahi hai ? 35 18 shaalu muft ke hain to ! teri treat hai ! inko bhi khila ? pooja ( now she fumble for a response ) yahaan ... road pe...sab ... dekh rahe hain .. but deepak be rivete by shaalu 's confidence now . she take one plate of golagappas and offer it to deepak and kk . shaalu lijiye aap bhi ! Friends watch from a distance be surprised . deepak and kk do not know how to react . kk nahin ... hum chalte hain . they both turn back and kk smile at he friend . pooja give a scolding look to shaalu who burst out laugh . deepak keep look at shaalu as they climb on the bike and ride away . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat - night sikandar be sit on a boat tie on the ghaat . 3 - 4 mallah boy be sit there , play card ( or a number - betting game popular in small town ) . sikandar bata to ... kaise phansti hai ye angrejan sab ? vikram , look at sikandar with pierce eye . vikram kaa be ... bhaujaai de nahin rahi kaa aajkal ? another mallah smile inwardly . sikandar jitna poochh rahe hain will bataao to ? thoda bahut angreji bol lete hain ... vikram angreji se nahin hota . ' attract 's hona chaahiye . kundan yaad hai ? ( more ) 36 19 vikram ( cont 'd ) wo jo peepa-pul mein naav ghusaaya tha chootiya .. abhi Sweden ... ki Switzerland ... kaun jaane ... ghoom ke aaya apni memsab ke saath . mallah 2 aaya kya waapas ? humne suna tha rah gaya udhar hi ! vikram arre kanjoos saala naav bechne waapas aaya hai . phir jaayega . mallah 2 humko bhi videsh jaana hai . vikram ( irritate ) sab bhainchod langot pakad lo humaara ... hum ud ke jaa rahe hain turantey ! patta phenko ! vikram throw the card . CUT to : int . / ext . devi 's house - day devi be work on a Sanskrit - text book - to - computer type when the door bell ring . she be startle to see mishra at the door . he be in plainclothes . she do not know what to say . mishra pita ji kahaan hain ? devi woh toh abhi nikle hain .. ghaat . mishra bulaao . mishra come inside with probing eye around the house . he sit and turn on the tv . some irrelevant documentary be play on tv . devi make a call to she father . she come back with a glass of water for mishra . she sit a little away from mishra . mishra intently watch tv and turn to look at devi . he stare at she for long without look away . devi can feel he eye on she and become uncomfortable . after a long stare . mishra ( cont 'd ) ladka mar gaya . 20 devi look at he . look away . go inside the kitchen . after some time , pathak enter the house in a hurry . pathak adhik der toh nahin huyi ? mishra baithiye ... pathak be wait anxiously for mishra to tell he something . he shut the tv off . mishra ( cont 'd ) ladka mar gaya hai . kaanch andar ghus gaya tha nass mein . body abhi post-mortem mein hai . ye court ke kaagaz hain .. bhariye . pathak be shocked . he gesture to devi to go inside . she do not move . pathak par court ... mishra abetment of suicide ka case hai . pathak par ladka toh aap sab ke saamne mara tha ... aapse darr ke ... mishra apni vidvaani jajmaan ko chootiya banaane tak hi rakhiye . ye kaand hai kaand . aasaani se jaayega nahin . lamba phansegi ladki . ( wait for pathak to say something but he do not ) mahiney ka kitna kamaate hain ? pathak Bas ghar chal jaata hai ... 8- 10 ... mishra ladki padhaati hai ? pathak haan ... coach mein . Computer . awkward silence mishra dekhiye ... seedhi baat karenge . abetment aur media dono se naam hat sakta hai ladki ka .... par vyavstha karni hogi . Teen lakh ... teen mahine ka samay de rahe hain . 37 21 pathak be a little offended . pathak ( in a hushed tone ) hum seedhe-saade log hain ... silence . mishra stare at pathak for some time . stare at devi. mishra achha ? theek hai . mishra start to leave . pathak nahin rukiye . saahab rukiye . mishra do not say a thing . pathak become nervous . mishra wear he shoe and do not even look at he . pathak ( cont 'd ) ghaat pe chhoti si gumti hai humaari ... itney paise kaahan se layenege . mishra walk towards he bike . pathak ( cont 'd ) aap gussaiye nahin pleej .. baith ke baaat karte hain sir . ( he start cry ) ek hi beti hai . aapse bas daya ki ummeed hai ... mishra kick the bike to start . pathak have tear in he eye . in desperation he turn off he bike and take the key in he hand . neighbor be watch all this . mishra look at they so that pathak notice they too . mishra go back in the house and pathak follow . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day pathak sit closer to mishra . devi be sit on a chair afar . mishra look into pathak 's eye while he avoid eye contact mishra aaj ke baad ... kabhi bhi ... kabhi hi hamse mol bhaav nahin kijiyega . saabun nahin bechne aaye hain yahaan . 3 lakh , teen mahine . pathak nod . 38 22 mishra ( cont 'd ) phone mein video hai raid ka . agar koi phantom - pana dikhaaye , toh poore shahar mein ghuma denge video . pathak look at he helplessly mishra ( cont 'd ) parson tak 50 hazaar ka jugaad baithaaiye . pathak nod . mishra ( cont 'd ) sar naahin jhulaaiye ghode ki tarah . kya karenge ? pathak parson 50 haajar . mishra aur ... Teen mahine mein ? pathak 3 lakh mishra leave without look at anyone of they . both pathak and devi be still at they position sit helplessly . mishra be wear he shoe . mishra ( leave the door open ) darwaza sataa lijiye . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat — day the lane lead up to the cremation ghaat be over - crowded . some arthi have get stick at the sharp curve . devi struggle to get into the lane . her face be fully cover with dupatta . a shopkeeper sell pooja saamagri on the side tap on devi 's shoulder . shopkeeper kidhar ? devi wo ...ghaat ... 39 39 40 23 shopkeeper ladeej log nahin ja sakti hai . ( look at devi 's sad face ) wahaan oopar se dekh sakti hain . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat / rooftop - day devi be stand at a roof - top and watch the cremation ghaat . stream of arthis come in . her eye search for piyush 's . she finally see what look like he body . a old man , probably he father , walk beside it . he look absolutely shattered . devi see the pyre on fire . ext . harishchandra ghaat — day piyush 's father be hold a danda and limply hit it on dead body 's skull . deepak thoda zor se maariye ... aatma mukt hogi . Father still can not do it so deepak take he hand and help he . they hit the skull with force and a mini-blast occur . CUT to : int . deepak 's house - day deepak , Doctor and sikandar be sit down and have lunch . mother and rani be sit opposite to the man . sikandar be a little away from all three . we stay with sikandar most of the time . doctor abhi kitna din aur hai kaalej ? deepak du mahina aur hai . phir pareeksha . aur saath mein placement shuru hoga . doctor kya shuru hoga ? deepak matlab naukri.. 24 mother serve a rote to deepak . sikandar look at they munch he morsel . shaanti naukri ke liya toh paisa bhi dena padta hai to ? deepak sarkari naukri ... railway mein , ya bijli board mein ... aur paisa nahin maangta , interview leta hai ijjat se . doctor pagaar kitna ? ( suddenly cut the conversation and yell at sikandar ) oo baahar raakh dhul raha hai aur tum yahaan baith ke pagura raha hai ? sab chaandi maar lega ladka log . sikandar be stunne . sikandar shambhu chacha hai udhar ... bol ke aaye hain . doctor ( back to deepak ) pagaar kitna deta hai ? deepak wo interview ke baad bataayega ... doctor achha hai . nikal jaao yahaan se . jitna jaldi niklo ... utna achha . aur jab baney ... toh humko bhi ... sikandar chuck he plate across to rani . it make a screeching noise . everybody be silent . sikandar roti. shaanti put a roti and give it to he . awkward silence . they all continue to eat , pretend nothing happen . sikandar have few bite and leave angrily . CUT to : 4l 42 25 ext . deepak' house - terrace - day sikandar be stand and look at ash be wash by dom worker . ( shambhu chacha be stand closer to worker . ) one worker wave a small chunk of molten metal to sikandar . sikandar do not react . deepak come to the terrace . he stand by he side . sikandar wait for a moment and leave . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day pathak be count bundle of cash and put they in paper bag . devi be pack food for he . the lunch box will not shut . she try hard but be unable to shut it . pathak watch she . he step forward and close the box . he take the box , look at she . she avoid eye contact at first . then meet he eye . pathak shake he head . pathak kuchh bolegi ki sab khud - hi maan lein ? devi kya sun - to chaahte hain ? pathak tumhaari aawaaj . ( after a pause ) kaun tha ... kyon gayi thi ... devi coach mein tha . hum uska project type karte they . wahin dosti ho gayi ... ( she want to add more but keep silent ) pathak Bas itna hi ? devi haan . achha laga humein we - se baat kar ke ... pathak socha nahin ek baar bhi ? ye sab karne se pahle ... devi pata nahin . 44 45 26 pathak ek ladka marr gaya hai ... hum 3 lakh ke karje mein hain ... yeh ... fd tod ke 50 hajaar nikaale hain ... tum jail ki chaukhat pe ... aur jawaab hai " pata nahin '' ! kya bolein ... sab naas kar diya . sab . devi turn around and go inside , angry . pathak walk out . CUT to : ext . road - day pathak be hand over the packet to mishra at a desert point on the highway . CUT to : scene 43 deleted ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak park he bike at the end of the road . stair to the ghaat start after this . he climb down while fold down he dhoti which have to be fold up for riding the bike . stop in front of he gumti-type shop . peeps through the wooden - panel on the gumti and see jhonta sleep inside . knock on the panel . pathak jhonta ! jhonta ! the panel be open from inside . jhonta , half - sleepy , touch pathak 's foot . he be wear only short that be tear from behind . he fold he mattress . jhonta 3 din se nahin aaye ? pathak do not respond . start unload he book from the bag onto he seat inside gumti . jhonta be clean the gumti . pathak find a be near he cushion . pathak bola tha to yahaan be mat laana ? kitaabein hain . jhonta hum nahin .. netwa laaya tha ... pathak give he a stare . 46 27 jhonta ( cont 'd ) didi bhi nahin aayi itne din se ... pathak abhi bhagg yahaan se .. jhonta be surprised and offended . he go out and dive straight into ganga . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak work on a book . jhonta show the coin to he excitedly . jhonta 26 rupaya mila ek - ay gotey mein ! aur ek-saan bhi bahut lambi chali . pathak toh ? jhonta humko bhi khelne do to ... pathak kya khelne do ? jhonta wahi shaam mein jo sab boli lagta hai gotey pe ... achha paisa milta hail ! pathak ( irritate ) yahi bacha hai ... juaa khelne dein tumko ? jhonta jua nahin hai ... aur hum ab bahut sahi ho gaye hain ! aaj toh khelenge ! pathak look at he , stare angrily to cut he short . jhonta ( cont 'd ) ( walk away ) lagta hai saand se marwa ke aaye ho aaj ! CUT to : 47 28 int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day all friend huddle together on a computer screen in a seedy internet cafe . Facebook webpage be open . kk be lead the demonstration . kk ( open pooja 's page ) yeh dekho ... pooja chauhan . naya photo lagaayi hai birthday ka ! chauchak ekdum ! click open she birthday album and leave a comment under one photo . '' luke gud ! '' deepak tum naam nahin poochh sakte ... pooja se . kk kya poochhein ? '' tumhaari paani - bataasa waali saheli humaare dost ko bhaa gayi hai ... aur usko line maarna hai . pleej naam bata do ! '' naveen deepakwa saala sentiya gaya be ... ruppan hilaate hilaate thak gaya ... aamwa gira , samjho pak gaya ! pushpi waah waah waah ... kk shakal yaad hai to ? deepak haan . kk toh dekho..ee mirjapur girl 's College ka community hai ... ismein sab ladki honi chaahiye ... keeps click on each of the profile and keep ask ' ee hai ? 's , deepak keep say ' no’ to each of they . one profile pic have some foreign model . naveen ae ... yeh mirjapur ki hai ? kk haan ... yahin rahti hai geru-mahaal ke saamne ... ab mooh mein le ke naacho ! 48 29 most of they have Katrina or anushka sharma as profile pic . kk ( cont ’d ) ek toh aajkal ladki log sab Katrina ka photo lagaati hai ... saala ismein kaise milega ? deepak uske ... pooja ke album mein nahin hai photo ? kk arre sahi.. uske friend mein hogi naa ... pyaar mein saala dimaag tej chalta hai . he go to pooja 's profile again and start look at she friend 's list . they browse some more photo . deepak yeh hai ! he spot the girl . name - shaalu gupta . everybody look at the picture . it 's a simple but beautiful picture of she stand at she rooftop , with a clear blue sky in the background . deepak look closely at she smile which be effortless . kk ab apna account banaao lalla ! aur aage badho . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat — day deepak click a selfie with ganga in the background . not happy with the result . see sikandar go in the distance . deepak bhaai ... bhaai ... idhar a ! sikandar come close . deepak hand he the phone . sikandar bol ... deepak yeh ...ek selfie kheench de to ! sikandar kya ? deepak photo ... photo kheench . 48 48 49 30 sikandar click . the pyre be in frame . sikandar spot a foreigner girl with a indian guide walk away and he eye rest on she . deepak ( cont 'd ) ( check the pic ) arre ee chita nahin aana chaahiye ... udhar se le to . sikandar look piss and in a hurry to leave . the foreigner girl be go away . deepak ( cont 'd ) jaldi se kheench de to bhaai ek aur . int . internet cafe - day deepak 's profile be ready with photo upload . he go to shaalu 's profile , send a friend request and write in private message : '' bahut din se soch rahe hain . aaj likh dete hain . my name be deepak . hello . '' int . deepak 's house / room - night - deepak look at the printout late at night at home . CUT to : int . devi be house - day devi 's phone ring . the name flash be ' yadav coach 's . she do not take the call . it ring again . she cut it . ring again - she finally take it . devi ( after a pause ) hello ? yadav ( v.o. ) hello ... devi ? devi ( hesitatingly ) haan . yadav saali randi ... phone kyon bandh tha itne din se ? kahaan se chudwa ke a gayi ...? sab pata kar liya humne ... tujhe kya lagta tha .. 50 51 31 she cut the phone . switch it off . shaken for a moment . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day she be wear she dupatta and pick she bag , wallet and leave . ( she carry man 's wallet . ) CUT to : ext./ int . yadav computer coaching - day devi enter the coach which be at the ground floor of a residential complex . ' leave you shoe at the gate 's signboard outside . she look at it and instinctively about to remove she shoe . but then do not , and go inside . it look like a spacious net-cafe inside . everybody a bit take aback to see devi storming in . she go to a empty desk , take out she key , and start unlock the cabinet . yadav , sit in a glass - partition see she and come out , equally take aback . yadav ae ... kya ho raha hai ? kisne kaha yahaan aane ... devi ( cut he short ) apna samaan lene aayi hoon . aur yeh aisa gandi baaton waala phone dobara mat karna ... sadak pe dauda ke maarenge ! the whole office be look at devi and yadav now . a couple of people who be on phone now get up and see what 's happen . yadav topper ladka tha apna ... sharam nahin aayi ? he charge forward but she say calmly . devi jo bhi kiya donon not kiya . pick up she stuff in a plastic bag and leave . yadav ( shout after she ) mara toh will akela to ! CUT to : 52 53 54 32 int . devi 's house - day devi be watch tv mindlessly . some match the face show / contest be on . a gift hamper graphic be show on tv . devi get up and empty content of she bag on the bed . she find piyush 's project file . flip it open and see he picture on the front page . close it . search further in the bag . get up and take out another bag . this be the same bag she have carry to the hotel in chandauli . she find the gift piyush give she from inside it . she want to unpack it but then do not . leave it pack . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak be sit in he gumti , translate a book . a man , verma JI , in he mid-40s be sit next to he , wait . verma JI aapne kaha tha aaj mile jaayega . Printing waala khaali baitha hai ... pathak Bas 3 din aur ... devi thoda beemaar thi . verma ji look at pathak , probing . pathak add hurriedly . pathak ( cont 'd ) thoda advance milega toh achha rahega . verma JI ek toh latkaaye huye hain chamgaadad - jaisa humein ... ( take out he wallet and 4 note of 500 rupee each ) par pahli baar ho raha hai isliye ... ( hand over the money ) ghar par sab theek to ? pathak give he best fake smile . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day a small crowd have gather on the panchkoshi ghaat step . vikram mallah and 4 other kid be surround by a few local . pathak be watch the entire thing from he seat in gumti . 55 56 33 vikram ye ...nishaan laga hua ... ye tokra bhar sikka hum paani mein phekenge . yeh bachha log gota maarega . dedh minute ka samay hai . kaun sabse adhik sikka laayega , uspar aap 10 se lekar 100 rupaya , kuchh bhi laga sakte hain . he start accept bet from people . a few tourist also shell out money . pathak get up from he seat and come forward to watch this . though not a part of the crowd , he watch it from a safe distance . kid ( babu , munwa , netwa , loku ) line up on the small platform , ready to jump . jhonta look at pathak with plead eye . pathak shake he head in a ' no 's . netwa aaj jo - jo haara will be pilaayega ! munwa lauda ! vikram throw the coin , blow the whistle and they jump . CUT to : ext./ int . gange / panchkoshi ghaat - day underwater view kid dive in to look for coin . netwa find 5 . munwa find one 3 . then they both come up for breath . then dive in again . pathak be watch as netwa win it . vikram distribute the money and give a 50 rupees note to netwa . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat - night Doctor be sit in the open on the ghaat - fully drunk . the small cover area where the holy - fire be burn be just behind he . deepak and sikandar be work on the pyre . a older , rich , upper-caste man in a silk kurta , dubey , be sit next to Doctor , drink whiskey in a plastic cup . offer the cup to Doctor to get it refill . 34 dubey ek aur banaaiye dom raja ... doctor ( fill the cup ) arre hum kaahe ke raja ? dubey arre banaras mein do hi raja hain ..ek kaasi naresh...ek dom raja . doctor ghanta ! yeh shambhu chaudhary ko dekho ... ( to shambhu ) saal mein kitni baar paari aati hai teri ? shambhu chaudhary , 65 , lean , bearded , be sit at a distance , drink . do not respond at once . another man , of Doctor 's age , lala , join they . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( ask loudly ) ae shambhu chacha ... saal mein kitni baar paari aati hai ? bataao saab ko ... shambhu ( servile , tell dubey ) ji saahab ... 10 saal mein ek din . doctor 10 saal mein ek din paari aati hai shambhu ki . matlab uss ek din poore ghaat ki kamaai inki . shambhu ke baap ki saal mein 1 paari aati thi . 10 bachhey ho gaye ... sabki 10 saal mein ek aane lagi ! baaki bakhat shambhu chacha lakdi uthaata hai . suna hai aisa chootiya raja ? agli paari kab hai shambhu chacha ? shambhu ab nahin hai . paari bech di lala ko . 1 lakh rupaya mila . ab baaki umar bhikhaari . deepak enter , try to talk to Doctor . deepak babu...mujhe ... doctor ( ignore deepak ) hum bhi paari bech dein toh 10 lakh milega ... haan lala ? 57 35 lala smile at Doctor wryly . lala hum kah diye aur tum bech diye ! doctor ( ask deepak ) bech dein ? lala arre ee chootiya kaa bataayega ! isko ghaat se kya lena dena ? padhe likhe babu log ... doctor ladke ko gaali de di ... ab toh kabhi nahin bechenge ! lala waise toh tum taiyyaar baithe they to ... deepak ( interject ) babu ... that paise do ... durga puja jaana hai doston ke saath agle hafte . doctor ( eye close , point towards the wall in the distance ) udhar kurta hai ... deepak 300 rupaye le lein ? doctor sab le le ! tu hi toh hai . sikandar be push a burn body inside pyre . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( to sikandar ) taang mod to uski bhosdi ke ... deepak leave . song montage begins ext . durga puja park - night day 1 : durga pooja celebration at the local park . durga idol ina corner , remain least attend . 57 57 57 36 almost incidental to this party of food stall , orchestra and play performance , and socialize . the crowd , mostly youngster , be here to check each other out . a melodramatic bengali play be be stage in the background . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day deepak write a message on shaalu 's Facebook wall . '' aaj durga puja mein aap aayengi naa ? '' be / c int . bus - highway - day devi be in a bus on the highway . sitting on the window seat . look at the dusty , October landscape go past she . she have piyush 's project report in she lap . she 's flipping through piyush 's project file . his full name be piyush agarwal it have he passport - size photo on the first page . she look at the name of the college . be / c ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak be watch the coin-find competition at the ghaat . he join the crowd . jhonta be stand in the distance , sip tea . pathak call he with a wave of hand . jhonta run to he expectantly . pathak aaj kitna nikaale they subah ? jhonta Inn sabke baap se zyada ! pathak dekhte hain . jhonta run and join the group . vikram mallah look at pathak inquisitively and pathak nod . vikram udhar jaa ... anth mein ! jhonta hum pe lagaaiye ... hum jeetenge .... hum jeetenge ! ( more ) 57 57 37 jhonta ( cont 'd ) ( spot a foreigner couple ) I win ...madam ... I win . pathak look on as vikram throw the coin and kid jump . pathak watch anxiously as they appear over water after a few second . jhonta be clearly do well and win the competition . some people applaud and pathak manage a weak smile as jhonta wave at he . song continue . CUT to : ext . durga puja park - night deepak and he friend be out in the open . kk have spot pooja and be already gesture to she that she be look good . deepak 's eye be scan the girl around pooja . he break into a smile as he see shaalu . shaalu also look at he and this time stifles a smile , indicate that she now recognize he . CUT to : ext . durga puja park - night later : as the crowd be return . ruppan chal to dekhte hain kahaan rahti hai .. deepak nahin . ruppan kk ... bol to isko ! naveen kk kya bolega ... khud chhata hua pada hai gaand mein ! shaalu and girl leave . deepak smile at she as she look towards he but she do not acknowledge . ruppan chal to . deepak ( now mood upset ) nahin bola to . 57 57 57 57 38 pushpi sab phattendra ji maharaj hain yahaan ! CUT to : ext . G T professional college - day devi be walk towards the college from inside a gate , roughly half a kilometer away on a unpave road , Lovely professional University can be see . it 's a badly - design concrete structure with a huge , tacky notice board with University name . CUT to : int . G T professional college - day devi inside the university building . it 's clean and empty . almost ghost - campus . a lone table fan in the corridor , go leave and right automatically . she head to a notice board which have the newspaper clipping of piyush 's death . she take it off with shaking hand . put it in she bag . be / c ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak take out a 50 rupee note and give it to jhonta . jhonta bet the money on himself . the contest begin . be / c int . G T professional college - day devi be inside the administrative office . again , huge room but only 3 people occupy 3 table . 4 - 5 table be lie cover in plastic with new , untouched computer and stationery . devi be sit opposite a clerk . he find the name and picture in he database . go cold on see it . turn the computer screen towards devi . clerk yeh ? devi struggle with she emotion , control she voice and nod . then look away instantly . he turn the screen back to himself . 57 57 57 39 clerk ( cont 'd ) yeh toh guzar gaya . haadsa ho gaya ek . devi ( show he the project file ) iski ye file hai humaare paa . kuch paise baaki hain , ek do book bhi hain uski jo lautani hain . aap pata de sakte hain ? clerk think over it for a moment ... clerk number hai ghar ka . ye address hai unka allahabad mein . note karo . par bolna mat kahin ki maine diya hai . .»+. and turn the screen again towards she . devi look at the screen and piyush 's smile face . CUT to : int . bus —- day devi be in a almost empty bus for she return journey . Sun be set in the background . she look at the number on she phone . ( name save on phone as piyush father ramdhari agarwal ) call . somebody pick it up at the other end . a faint sound of ' hello 's be hear . she can not find the courage to respond . cut the call . CUT to : ext . durga puja park - night day 3: it 's early for the evening rush at durga pooja park . deepak and friend be smoking in the open area . shaalu , pooja and two other girl arrive . shaalu look at deepak smoking . deepak feel awkward . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day deepak be write a message to shaalu on Facebook . the ' friend request pending ' message can be see on the screen . 57 57 57 57 40 deepak write : " hum dobara kabhi cigarette nahin piyenge . kal doston not jabari mein pilaaya . " be / c ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day jhonta win the competition with maximum coin . pathak applaud . jhonta give pathak the win sum of he money . pathak finally smile . CUT to : ext . durga puja park - night a magic show be go on . a bengali magician , madan kundu , be take unlimited paper out of he mouth . too crowded and noisy . deepak and friend be watch the magic show , while deepak be also look around to spot shaalu . a brush of hand past he , and he turn to see it be shaalu indeed . do she do it deliberately ? the bengali magician have make a dog disappear and be now tell everyone to look around as the dog may appear among the crowd . some commotion . deepak move towards shaalu , and she look at he . but the dog appear between they and spotlight turn to deepak . everybody applaud as deepak be tell to pick and return the dog back on stage . shaalu laugh at deepak 's startle expression and deepak feel good . manage a smile himself . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day day 6 : deepak check Facebook . still " friend request pending " . CUT to : ext . durga puja park - night the orchestra be play " Bas ik sanam chaahiye , aashiqui ke liye ... " as deepak and shaalu be eyeing each other . crowd leave . shaalu and friend be buy a gas balloon on they way out . deepak also go there and busy a gas balloon . deepak and shaalu look at each other . shaalu go ahead with she friend . deepak wait for he gang . 57 q 58 4l shaalu reach the end of road , turn back , try to find deepak , but there 's too much crowd . she then spot a balloon go up - the same color deepak have buy . she smile look at the balloon . from deepak 's Pov - he be look at he own balloon go up and also try to spot shaalu in the crowd . then he spot a balloon go up - the same one shaalu have buy . he break into a huge smile . both the balloon be fly up in air . shaalu be smile , sit in a auto . deepak be smile walk on the road . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day deepak log in to he Facebook and find ' shaalu gupta accept you friend request 's message pop up . he applaud in joy . the netcafe worker peep in to see what 's happen . deepak pepsi laao guru ... worker pepsi nahi hai .. deepak arre jo hai laao ! badi bottle . he look at shaalu 's smile face in she profile picture . CUT to : ext . pizzeria vatika cafe - night deepak and shaalu , and kk and pooja be sit at two table . kk be try to click a picture of pooja on he phone but she be hide she face with a bag . awkward silence between deepak and shaalu . deepak kya lengi aap ? shaalu kuchh nahin . deepak wo bhaga dega . coffee ? shaalu chaai . 42 waiter chaai nahin hai . pasta hai . pizza hai . shaalu pizza ? waiter haan. margerita . mushroom . deepak 1 laaiye pahle . kk and pooja get up . kk hum udhar hain ... ghaat pe . they go towards the ghaat . shaalu look at deepak accusingly . deepak humne nahin bola usko jaane ko . khud se gaye hain . awkward silence . shaalu toh aap polytechnic mein padhte hain . deepak haan . Civil Engineering . final year . beech mein ek saal strike ho gayi nahi toh ab tak ... naukri-ookri lag gaya hota . shaalu Main 2nd year mein hoon . b.sc . awkward silence . deepak aapki hobby kya hain ? shaalu Music . deepak aap gaati hain ? shaalu nahin . sunti hoon . fm pe bhi aur CD laa ke bhi . deepak Bas music ? 43 shaalu aur shaayari pasand hai ! deepak shaayari ? shaalu haan ... bashir Badr ... akbar allahabadi ... mirza ghalib ... ghalib ka naam toh suna hoga aapne ? deepak be pretend to have hear the name . just nodd . the pizza arrive . deepak lijiye . ( to the waiter ) bhai will thoda ... sauce laaiye . schezwan milega ? waiter shake he head . deepak and shaalu look into each other 's eye for a couple of second . waiter put sauce on the table . deepak ( cont 'd ) toh hum log ab ... friend ho gaye to ? shaalu haan . bilkul . deepak koi bhi dikkat ho ... kabhi bhi ... humein bataaiyega . shaalu ( now amused ) aap kya karenge ? deepak hum sahi kar denge . koi chhedta hai ... ya pareshaan karta hai ... ya rulaata hai ... bahut sab haraami ladka log hai yahaan ... humein bas ek baar bataaiyega . shaalu ( now with a mischievous glint in she eye ) achha ? deepak ( serious ) haan . shaalu aur maan lijiye aapne hi rulaaya toh ? 59 60 44 deepak ( now get the joke ) aap ... shaalu burst out laugh . deepak , embarrassed , pick up the soup bowl and gulp down the rest of it . ext . road mirzapur - day shaalu and pooja be in a auto-rickshaw i . deepak and kk on a bike behind they at some distance . shaalu keep on turn and look at he . he also keep on check himself in the bike mirror . they stop at a distance and check where she life . kk pinch deepak on he arm and whoops . kk ae beta kaabil ke fachaak ! deepak ( feel the pinch ) gandu ... itna jor se ? aahhh ! ext./ int . lakhotia computer coaching - day pathak and devi outside the coach building . this be a bigger coach than yadav 's . a 2 - storey building with neat exterior and more professional look notice board . they be talk while enter . pathak adhik bolne ki jarurat nahin hai . tirpathi ji ka beta manager hai . devi lekin paise ki baat toh karni hogi to ! a peon spot they . pathak sanjay tripathi ji se milna tha ... kaho vidyacharan pathak aaye hain ... peon take they inside a wait chamber . they now talk in whisper . pathak ( cont 'd ) do mahine ka samay diya hai . us-se pahile mishra ko sab chukana hai . jo mile chupchaap le lena . devi bhikhaari hain kya hum ? 45 pathak ( lose he temper ) bhikhaari nahin kukur hain ... they hear sanjay tripathi enter . he be a pot-belly , bald , but smartly dress 28 - year old . he have a file folder in he hand . sanjay tripathi ( touch pathak 's foot ) pranaam aacharya ji . he take the seat opposite they . pathak kaise ho beta ? sanjay tripathi Bas acharya ji... chal raha hai . tum devi ho ... right ? devi nod but do not smile . sanjay tripathi ( cont ’d ) acharya ji not humein 10 - vi tak Sanskrit padhaaya . ( to peon ) chai laao bhai ! pathak nahin chai nahin ...bas ... thoda jaldi mein hain . kitaab ka kaam atka pada hai ... he flip open the file-folder . sanjay tripathi pakka ? ( to the peon ) achha beta paani le aao ... matke ka laana ! ( to devi ) haan maine cv dekha ... achha padh likh gayi ho ! yahaan bas filhaal vacancy nahin hai instructor ki . par reception pe join kar sakti ho . naye student jo aate hain ... unki counsell bhi karni hogi aur chhota-mota data -entry job bhi . uska extra milega . baaki monthly five and a half k . devi be mull over it but pathak get up . pathak theek hai ekdum . kal se a jaayegi subah . dhanyawaad bahut ! 61 61 46 devi get up too and so do sanjay tripathi . sanjay tripathi arre nahin acharya ji... aapne itna kiya hai humaare liye . his phone start ringing . sanjay tripathi ( cont ’d ) sorry yeh call ... aap paani pee ke jaaiyega . naya matka laaye hain hum log ... bahut meetha hai ! he walk away with he phone . peon bring the water . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat - evening deepak be on the phone , look down at the ghaat . his father and brother be work the pyre . be / c e/i. shaalus terrace / house - evening shaalu be on she terrace , see kite fly . shaalu suniye : ( read from a bashir Badr shayari book in she hand ) sitaaron ko aankhon mein mehfuz rakhna , badi der tak raat hi raat hogi ; musaafir hain hum bhi , musafir ho tum bhi , kisi mod par phir mulaaquat hogi . deepak samjha nahin . shaalu aap bahut budhhu hain . ( then in a low tone ) aur pyaare bhi . deepak ( excited ) kya kya kya ? shaalu ( shy and giggle ) kuch nahin kuchh nahin . deepak humne sun liya ! 47 shaalu aapko chakbast suna denge toh behosh hi ho jaayenge ! deepak aapka happy birthday aane waala hai . humne ... Facebook pe dekha . shaalu lekin Facebook not ek cheez nahi bataayi aapko . deepak kya ? shaalu picnic ! a faint call for shaalu be hear . hang up . shaalu ( cont 'd ) lagta hai maa bula rahi hai ... deepak theek hai jaaiye ... aur pleej ...’ aap 's mat boliye . tum boliye . shaalu ( now climb down the stair , talk in whisper ) pahle 2 sher yaad kar ke sunaaiye ... ( spot mother ) achha bye . deepak hello ? look at he phone . stop the record button . Plays again . the conversation start play from the top . shaalu ( v.0o . ) suniye : tu kisi rail si guzarti hai , main kisi pull sa thartharaata hoon , ek jungle hai teri aankhon mein , main jismein raah bhool jaata hoon ... shaalu 's record voice - over play on sikandar talk to a foreigner girl on the ghaat . foreigner walk away . CUT to : 62 62 a 62 ( i ) 48 ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day naau ( barber ) be shave a kid 's head . pathak be do the basic ritual of mundan sanskaar with the kid 's parent . a small fire be burn in a iron-havankund . pathak ( mumble the mantra ) ab aap hawan saamagri daalein ... the parent pour a couple of small packet in the fire . pathak ( cont 'd ) ab ghee daaliye . father ghee ? liya tha kya ? mother naa . pathak ( look for jhonta ) koi baat nahin . humara ladka le aayega turant . look around , do not spot he . be / c ext . kabir chauraha - day jhonta be fascinate by the same durga puja Park magician ( madan kundu ) show a trick to the people . he be watch from the roof of a shop . kundu be take unlimited amount of paper out of he mouth . jhonta applaud . throw a one-rupee coin on the magician . magician look up and jhonta wave at he . be / c ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day the evening crowd be gather for the competition . pathak be part of the crowd . jhonta be still miss . the kid be lining up for the dive . vikram kaa pandijji ? jhonta kahaan hai ? pathak nahin pata . 49 vikram ( announce ) 4 bachhey ... gota lagaayenge ... aur ye sikkey nikaalenge . kaun jeetega ... aap lagaaiye boli . 50 se lekar 200 tak ... ( tell the kid ) jaao beta..ek sample dikhaao sabko . the kid dive in . pathak take out the money . still wait for jhonta . be / c 62 a( i ) ext . kabir chauraha - day madan kundu be now do he dog trick . he take a street puppy - dog and make it disappear . jhonta 's eye be scan the space to find the dog . be / c 62 ( ii ) ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day the coin-find game be over . pathak have lose money . vikram kitna haare gurudev ? pathak 570 rupaya . vikram par aap kaahe khelne lage ye sab ? pathak do not respond and walk away . be / c 62 a( ii ) ext . kabir chauraha - day madan kundu ab kutta milna hi maangta hai . nahin toh tum log bolega ...eh shaala madan kundu fraud ! he turn he attention towards the crowd . drum roll . all silent , attentive and expectant . jhonta 's scream drown the silence . 63 50 jhonta mil gaya ! ( he pick up a dog , that look very similar to magician 's miss dog ) mil gaya mujhe ! kundu look at jhonta , people be beginning to applaud , but kundu raise he hand to stop they . then point at a clueless man and twirl he finger . the original dog walk out from between he leg . he be dumbfounded . jhonta be disappointed . crowd applaud wildly . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - evening jhonta walk on to the ghaat with the puppy . sit close to pathak 's gumti . pathak kahaan they ? jhonta masti . pathak kaam ke time masti ? bahut gooda a gaya ! jhonta apne paise se gaye they ... aapki kaahe sulag rahi hai ? he start walk with the puppy . pathak get up and hold he arm , tight and hurt . pathak kal se gota maarne ke time yahaan rahoge . aur tumhara paisa hum rakhenge ! jhonta kaahe ? pathak kaahe ki tum shahanshah to bann jaao ... aur sab uda to do . jab bid ho jaaoge , tab le lena . hisaab se rakhenge ! jhonta hum didi se bol denge ... pathak bolo jo bolna hai . 64 65 51 let go of he hand . jhonta have tear in he eye . pathak get back to he work . jhonta pick up flower - plate from the shop and go off ( for sell . ) CUT to : int . lakhotia computer coaching - day devi be at the reception desk . explain the course module to a father and he 14 - year old son . a peon , bablu ( 26 ) , hang about , letching at devi . devi scribbles something on the form . place she signature too . they leave . devi sit back and realize bablu be eyeing she all this while . bablu ( fill she glass of water from the jug ) aap achha samjhaati hain ! devi nod . she be still in the moment of the father - son conversation . bablu ( cont 'd ) pahli naukri hai ? devi nahin . bablu pichhli naukri kya huyi ? devi kaam achha nahin tha . bablu ( smile ) mujhe pata hai aap yadav ke udhar thi . devi avoid look at he . get up and go to the printer . CUT to : ext . devi 's house - night devi be open the door when some one jump on she . she be startle but hold she scream on realize it 's jhonta . devi pagla gaye kya ? jhonta be also surprised by devi 's reaction . 66 52 jhonta aap itne din se aayi hi nahin . devi look at he sad face and manage a faint smile . open the door . CUT to : int . devi 's house - night devi be serve meal to jhonta . she also sit alongside with she plate . jhonta pandijji aaj kal bauraaye rahte hain . devi haan ... that pareshaan hain . jhonta aap bhi ? devi nahin main nahin . jhonta kaahe pareshaan hain , pandijji ? devi pata nahin . jhonta paisa kam ho gaya hai ? ( silence from devi ) hum ek din nahin aaye gota lagaane toh bamak gaye ! devi tum gota lagaate ho ? paise ke liye ? jhonta roj joot - the hain . aur kah dena unko ... jyada haath waath chhodey humpe toh gaayab ho jaayenge . devi kahaan gaayab ho jaaoge ? jhonta kahin bhi . badi jagah . devi badi jagah kyon ? 67 53 jhonta badi jagah mein koi humein khoj nahin sakta . ( point towards daal haandi ) daal aur milega ? devi give he some daal . thinks about what jhonta just say about ' badi jagah 's . CUT to : ext . chai shop - mirzapur - day deepak play the CD . all friend listen attentively . shaalu ( v.o. ) tu kisi rail si guzarti hai , main kisi pull sa thartharaata hoon ... deepak ( v.o. ) humne kabhi dhyaan hi nahin diya . sab pasand hai . shaalu ( v.o. ) sab kaise pasand ho sakta hai ? humein barsaat pasand hai . the voice stop and music start . a song ' aaj mausam , bada be - imaan hai ...’ play . kk tuney uski aawaaz record ki ? deepak haan . phone mein . phir uski baaton se gaane jodey . Friends be a bit surprised at how emotional deepak be about the gift . they steal glance at each other curiously . pushpi ( encourage ) badhiya hai ! ruppan ladki upper-caste hai bhaai ... zyada senti-venti mat ho jaana . usey pata hai to tere baare mein ? deepak fumble for a answer . deepak pata nahin . 68 54 ruppan amaa bata do pahle , phir aage badho . sab samajhdaar hi milein iss shahar mein zaroori nahin ... deepak haan socha toh hai ...par ... naveen see deepak 's discomfort and cut in . naveen abe ye sab baad ki baat hai ... naukri lag gayi toh launda bawaal hai apna . aur ruppan bhai ... bike ki chaabi do ladke ko ! abhi isko ek aur surprise dena hai . ruppan kya ? kahin ghumaane le jaa raha hai ? naveen look at deepak and smile . e/i. varanasi -allahabad highway / allahabad / bus - day shaalu and other girl in a mini-bus on the highway . they be sing Hindi film song , play antakshari . pooja chauhan tap shaalu 's shoulder and point towards the window . shaalu spot deepak riding a bike , come towards they . she look excited and nervous . the old teacher in they van be sleep . there be some traffic ahead and they bus slow down . deepak catch up with they but shaalu and pooja gesture he to ' shushh 's as the teacher may notice he . he gesture she to get out of the bus and sit with he . pooja take shaalu 's scarf and throw it out of the window . and the girl start scream ' Bus roko bus roko .. 's teacher ( half sleepy ) kya hua ? pooja madam ..wo scarf ud gaya . hum laa rahe hain ! the bus stop and 3 girl get out , giggle . pooja and another girl come back while shaalu wait for the bus to leave . she sit on the bike with deepak and he start . CUT to : 55 69 ext . varanasi - allahabad highway - day they be riding a small distance behind the bus . deepak pata hai hum ladke log aisi bus ko kya bolte hain ? shaalu kya ? deepak maal gaadi ! she hit he on the shoulder . shaalu achha aapne bataaya nahin ... kahaan rahte ho ? deepak 's face tighten a bit . deepak udhar hi ... bhelupur ke aagey . shaalu achha ? wo prerna bhi bhelupur mein rahti hai . tab toh hum uske ghar ka bahaana kar ke a sakte hain ! deepak stay silent , think . deepak ( fumble ) ghar aaogi humaare ? maa-baap ... will kya kahenge ... shaalu aap kahte hain toh nahin aayenge . deepak take out the djman from he bag and hand it over to she . deepak yeh suno ! tumhara budday gift . shaalu put the speaker on and she faint voice from the phone conversation be hear . she smile widely . a song start as she voice fade . '' pyaar ka dard hai , meetha meetha ... pyaara pyaara ... '' the song take over as the bike ride on . CUT to : 70 70 70 70 70 56 ext . allahabad / chinese stall - day song ( " pyaar ka dard hai '' ) continue play . - shaalu and deepak in allahabad . have chinese food at Civil line road - side stall . CUT to : int . stationary store / book shop - day - shaalu and deepak in a book shop cum stationery . shaalu select book , deepak check out funky key-chain and eraser . buy one heart - shape eraser and gift to shaalu . CUT to : ext . allahabad ghat - day - shaalu and deepak walk on the ghaat - hold hand . CUT to : ext . sangam allahabad - day - shaalu and deepak in a boat . go towards sangam . shaalu ( look away , at the river ) pahle sangam aaye ho kabhi ? deepak ( look at shaalu ) naa . shaalu hum toh bahut baar aaye hain . abhi that din baad badrinath - kedarnath jaa rahe hain ... bus se . saare log ...mama-chacha...dadi-nani... they boat reach the ghaat . deepak get down first and as shaalu be about to jump , the boat hit another boat and get a jerk . shaalu be about to fall but deepak give she a hand . CUT to : ext . allahabad ghat — day they be at the ghaat , in a lonely corner with water around they on all side . sitting peacefully by the river . 70 57 deepak tum ghar mein sabse chhoti ho , hai to ? shaalu haan . kaise pata ? deepak ghar mein sabse chhote hi aise kood - kood ke baat karte hain ! ( laugh ) she slap on he shoulder . shaalu chhoti hoon isiliye sab itna pyaar karte hain . ( show the gold and diamond ring on she finger ) bachpan mein pehnaayi thi chachu not ... aur ye ab atak hi gayi hai . ungli badi ho gayi ... angoothi utni hi rah gayi . they eye meet . deepak be look at she with a intense gaze . shaalu ( cont 'd ) aise kyon dekh rahe ho ? deepak pata nahin . he bend forward and kiss she lightly on lip . she be uncomfortable for a moment . also in disbelief . deepak ( cont 'd ) chhoti ho to sabse ... isliye pyaar a gaya . at this she break into a smile and he smile too . but smile vanish as he bend forward again . this time she be ready . the kiss go from gentle to hot to the best sangam have ever witness . CUT to : ext . varanasi - allahabad highway - day song continue . deepak be lick he lip and riding in a daze . they be on they way back now . Riding a bit behind the bus . deepak shaalu ... shaadi karogi humse ? 70 58 shaalu pata nahin . deepak ghar waale maanenge tumhaare ? shaalu pata nahin . milna hai ? deepak milwaaogi ? shaalu apne ghar ka pata toh bataaya nahin ... humaare ghar aane ki badi jaldi hai ! deepak go silent for a bit . song fade out . deepak ( mildly irritate ) bataaye toh ... bhelupur ke paa rahte hain . shaalu kahaan ? deepak ( fake bravado ) chalna hai ? abhi le ke chalein ? shaalu ( sense it ) haan haan ... chalo . deepak do not like it . ext . road - later shaalu be off the bike and deepak be clearly piss , uncomfortable . deepak ab yahaan se rickshaw mile jaayega . shaalu ( still in teasing mode ) aapka ghar kahin sarnath - varnath toh nahin hai . deepak ( now lose it ) kaahe ? kya karna hai ? ek baar bole to yahin hai bhelupur ke paa ... tab se lekin yahi laga hua hai ... aur koi baat nahin hai kya ? 71 59 shaalu be throw off by this sudden anger . she try to calm he . shaalu arre hum mazaak kar rahe ... deepak mazaak hai yeh ? bataayein kahaan rahte hain ? Sun - to hai ? shaalu do not say anything . deepak ( cont 'd ) ghaat pe rahte hain . harish - chandra ghaat pe . wahin paida huye they . lakdi uthaana ... murda jalaana ... yahi sab kaam hai humaara . hum , humaare baap - chacha - bhai ... sab yahi karte hain . samajh gayi kahaan rahte hain ? chalna hai ? ( start the bike ) chalo ? aao ... baitho . Le ke chalein . she just keep look at he with hurt as he ride away . CUT to : int . lakhotia computer coaching - day devi be in the corridor , make a call . the phone ring and she start pace faster . devi hello ? female voice hello ? devi uh ... mister ramdhari agarwal ... se baat ho sakti hai ? female voice kaun ? she be silent . compose herself . devi Main ... airtel se bol rahi hoon . gurgaon . female voice ( before hang up ) sorry . nahin chaahiye . devi shake she head in frustration . turn around to see bablu stand there . 72 73 60 bablu seedhe seedhe poochhte hain . devi be confuse about what he be talk . bablu ( cont 'd ) degi kya ? bol to . devi look at he disorient . bablu ( cont 'd ) kisi ko nahin bolenge . usko bhi toh diya tha . shaam ko rukna 8 baje ke baad . devi stare at he angrily . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day devi walk up to pathak 's gumti . she be conscious of the gaze around . at the gumti pathak be set up book . he get uncomfortable with devi come there . devi naukri chhorh di . pathak ( control anger ) tumhe yahan aane ke liye kisne kaha tha . jaao yahan se . devi just walk away in anger . jhonta hold she hand and drag she towards the ghaat . jhonta kitna time ho gaya . aap aayi nahin didi . ek naya kartab dikhate hain .. aao .. aao .. jhonta stand by the ghaat . do a reverse summersault into the river . he come out with mouthful of coin . devi be go already . CUT to : int . devi 's house - night devi be look at she desktop screen . allahabad university wikipedia page be open . pathak be just back from work , the jhola of book be still on he shoulder . ( devi be mindlessly click on ' refresh desktop 's while talk . ) pathak naukri chhorh di matlab ? 61 silence from devi . pathak sigh and drop he bag to get a glass of water . come back and slump in the chair . pathak ( cont 'd ) kyon aisi ho gayi tu ? kya chaahti hai ? devi kuchh nahin . pathak humne kab kuchh karne se roka ? kya galti ki jo itna bada kaand kar aayi ? ladkon jitni chooot diye bachpan se ... devi koi kaand nahin kiya maine . pathak ( take out day 's collection from he bag ) toh yeh kya hai ? kaand nahin hai toh kya hai yeh ? ( throw money on the floor ) ye mar mar ke paisa juta rahe hain ... yeh kya hai ? mohalle mein ghaat pe koi rok ke poochh to le ki devi aajkal dikhti nahin yahi sochte rahte hain ... will kya hai ? devi aapka darr hai ! isiliye maine soch liya hai ... yahaan rehna hi nahin . jitni chhoti jagah ... utni chhoti soch . pathak humaari soch chhoti hai ? iss sab ke baad bhi tum ghar mein ho sammaan se ... soch chhoti hai ? devi jatana pad raha hai to ! aur sach ye hai ki aapko kuchh pata hi nahin mere baare mein ... pathak kaahe ka badla le rahi hai ? devi maa ka ! pathak maa ki shakal bhi yaad hai tujhe ? 6 saal ki thi tu ... 73 62 devi 6 saal ke bachhey andhey hote hain kya ? pathak tumko lagta hai maa ko humne maara ? devi toh aapko lagta hai uss ladke ko maine maara ? boliye ? Maine maara kya usey ? ( click on a few folder on desktop ) khud mar gaya . pathak kahaan ki baat kahaan le jaa rahi ho ? devi kahin nahin . aap chinta to karein . jail nahin jaaoungi . pathak sab kuchh khud hi maan liya hai tumne . devi paise juta loongi . pathak be about to respond to this when devi absentmindedly click on a folder and some instrumental , light music start play . she let it play , pathak do not say a word , and keep on observe devi with a defeat look . CUT to : ext . road - day pathak be riding he cd100 bike on a empty stretch of the highway . he spot mishra stand ahead by the road . pathak be hand a packet with cash to he . mishra kitna hai ? pathak ( meekly ) filhaal toh 30 hai . mishra give he a stare . mishra aage pappu ki dukaan hai scooter ki ... udhar bech do jaa ke . 10 - 15 iska bhi mile jaayega . 74 63 pathak nahin ab hum kama rahe hain ...ek jugaad baitha hai ... pakka ab paisa ho jaayega . bike bech denge toh ... mishra yeh footkar nahin chalega . ( return the packet to pathak ) aapko kitna baar bolna padega ? pathak look down , hand fold . pathak agle hafte tak nahin hua iss mahine ka hissa toh bech denge . Le lijiye ... mishra take the money . mishra 20 laaiyega agle hafte . start he bike . ext . harishchandra ghaat — day a french lady , marion ( 36 ) , be take picture of the burn pyre . sikandar appear in she frame . sikandar permission ? marion what ? désolée . sikandar you permission ? photo not allow . Holy fire . Holy dead body . marion ( instantly apologetic ) je suis désolée . really . I be sorry . I will delete . sikandar ( sense she weakness , emphatically ) yes. please . not allow . bad . marion ( check the photo again ) oh this be a beautiful shot ! ( show it to sikandar ) can I keep this ? s'il vous plait ! please ! 75 64 sikandar ok . marion aww merci ! sikandar you which country ? marion oh ... I be french. ( assess sikandar ) you work here ? stay here ? sikandar yes yes . you want guide ? I know banaras . I show you . banaras . she look at he with a slight mischief in eye then go ' naah 's and walk away . sikandar follow she . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat road - day sikander follow marion in the background while deepak try to make a phone call to shaalu . she do not take he call . deepak be distress . two guy come on a bike and stop in front of deepak . guy 1 ae ... deepak ...? deepak haan ...? guy 2 bahut miss call jaa raha hai shaalu ko ? deepak ( fumble ) kaun ? kaun shaalu ? guy 1 du chamaat maarenge to sab yaad a jaayega . ab suno ... deepak feel slightly threaten so start fidget and look for help . deepak ( call out ) sikandar ... 76 77 65 guy 1 ( start the bike ) ladki ko call karna bandh karo ... agli baar katta le ke aayenge seedhe . they race away . CUT to : int . shaalus house - day shaalu be study and cry at the same time . deepak 's call be ringing on she phone but she do not take it . CUT to : int . shaalus house - night family have dinner . shaalu 's father and she elder brother ( guy 2 on the bike ) sit on the sofa , mother sit on a chair , and shaalu on the floor . the tv be play a music reality show . one kid be sing a bhajan on the show ( " sukh ke sab saathi , dukh mein to koye ... " '' ) shaalums father yeh nahin jeetega launda ... shaalums mother kaahe ? achha toh gaa raha hai . shaalums father yeh bhajan - wajan aajkal kaun sunta hai . koi vote nahin bhejega isko . shaalums brother sms waise bhi 7 rupaya kaat - to hai yeh sab show mein . shaalums father wahi hai ... pyaar mohabbat ka hi goot sunta hai sab aaj ... yahi log toh mahaul kharaab kiye hain . shaalu listen carefully now . her brother look at she with a ' shall I spill you secret 's gaze . shaalu avoid he . shaalums mother arre will sonal nahin hai , vibha ki bitiya ... khud se ladka khoj laayi kaalej ka . saath mein mba kar raha tha ... shaalums father achha ? mba kar rahi thi will ? 78 78 66 shaalums mother arre bataaye toh they ... itna kood - kood ke phone ki thi vibha . indore mein ki jaane kahaan koi bada kaalej hai mba ka .. shaalu iim indore . shaalums mother aur ladka bangali hai.. pata nahin kaun jaat ka ... the bhajan end on tv . shaalums father ab yahi hai ... aadhunikta ke naam pe desh bigaad diya hai cinema waalon not . shaalu sip water uncomfortably in the middle of eat . mother get up and take shaalu 's plate . shaalums mother chalo bhai .. baithne ka wakhat nahin hai ... kal subah subah nikalna hai . pack ho gayi tumhaari ? shaalu nod and go up to she room . CUT to : int . shaalus house - day pack be do for the 4 - dhaam yaatra . shaalu listen to deepak 's CD and she own voice . shaalu ( v.o. ) ( from the CD ) pata hai aap baaki ladkon jaise nahin hain ! deepak ( v.o. ) ( from the CD ) nahin pata . kaise ? CUT to : ext . shaalums house - day shaalu and family load they luggage in a tourist bus . 78 79 79 67 shaalu ( v.o. ) aapke andar ek imaandaari hai . jaisi Nida fazli ki ghazalon mein hoti hai . deepak ( v.o. ) haha . ab yeh Nida fazli kaun hai ? CUT to : i/e. bus / road - day shaalu and family in the bus full of other similar family , with a banner of badrinath - kedarnath on the side . shaalu ( v.o. ) yahi toh aapki imaandaari hai ! CUT to : ext . dhaaba — day shaalu and family at a road-side dhaaba . the tourist bus be wait in the distance . she finish she meal quickly and step out with she phone . holding the phone awkwardly with greasy , unwash hand , she make a call . be / c ext . chai shop - mirzapur - day deepak be at the mirzapur ghaat , with he friend when he take the call . deepak aa gayi yaad ? shaalu uss din gussa aap huye they aur ab humein taana de rahe hain ? a moment 's silence . deepak sorry . shaalu humne toh nahin maanga sorry . deepak muft mile raha hai ... le lo . shaalu ( smile ) Le liya . 68 deepak hum gadhey hain . shaalu wo toh hain . deepak humko baat karne ki tameez nahin hai . shaalu ( realize she parent be call she from the distance ) achha suniye ... abhi humko jaana hoga . Bas aawaaz sun - not ke liye phone kiya tha . deepak kahaan pahunche ? shaalu abhi toh up hi cross nahin hua . saharanpur . achha suniye to ... humaare mummy - papa aapko kabhi accept nahin karenge . bahut ...wahi... ghisi-piti puraani soch hai . deepak 's smile fade . he just listen without respond . shaalu ( cont 'd ) lekin hum aapke saath hain . aur humne suna hai ... baad mein sab maan jaate hain . Bas aap wahaan se nikal jaaiye ... uss ghaat se ...uss zindagi se ... deepak haan ... main koshish kar raha hoon .. abhi placement season a raha hai ... poori jaan laga denge . shaalu Bas , yahi ! baaki hum dekh lenge ... bhaag ke jaana hoga toh bhaagenge . shaalu 's brother be approach she now . she hang up . deepak look at the phone and let what she just say sink in . he then kiss the phone screen and start run away . kk kaa hua ji ? kahaan jaa raha hai ? 80 80 80c 69 deepak abe padhna hai ... ghar jaa rahe hain . the friend share a look . deepak disappear around the bend . CUT to : int . deepak 's house / kitchen - night deepak be in the kitchen , study . the print - out of shaalu 's Facebook profile , with she small photo at the top be in deepak 's lap . noisy celebration go on in the hall and courtyard . loud music play while deepak be try to concentrate on he book . be / c ext . deepak 's house / terrace - night outside : around 10 - 12 male member of dom community eat - drink , dance , and chat . lala , shambhu , and ( upper - caste man ) dubey ji , among they . doctor ( make another drink ) abhi aadha din hi hua hai aur 60 hazaar a chuka hai ... sikandar aur ee shambhu chacha apni paari bech diya gadhau ! kaahe chacha ? murgi ekey baar mein kaat diye ? lala tum bhi bech do ... 5 lakh mile jaayega ! sikandar kaahe sabka paari lootne mein lage ho lala ? ghaat pe hotel - ootel banaaoge ? shambhu ( tipsy , scream ) murda log ka hotel ... hahahaha ... everybody laugh except lala . CUT to : scene 80 B deleted montage - various place - varanasi / mirzapur - various time 81 81 81 81 81 81 81 70 int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom -— day - deepak appear for exam . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day - deepak check shaalu 's photo on Facebook . she be in kedarnath / badrinath . CUT to : int . deepak 's house / room - day - deepak get dress for interview . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat road - day - deepak walk out of he gully , fully dress in formal , while dead body be be take inside . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day - devi be pack she clothes in a bag . look at a frame photo of she childhood with she father . do not pick that one . pick the wrap gift piyush have give she . CUT to : ext . CITY - day sikandar be show banaras to marion and she two friend ( one male and one female foreigner ) . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom - day deepak give the interview . smiling and shaking hand before leave . CUT to : 81 81 81 81 81 81 81 82 I ( a ) 71 int . railway station - day devi be sit at a small railway station - bag pack . wait for the train . the train arrive . she do not board it . CUT to : ext . chai shop - mirzapur - day - deepak , kk , pushpi , naveen , and ruppan sip tea late at night . deepak look tense . CUT to : int . bus - day shalu send deepak a text message . it read - '' badrinath se waapas chal pade hain . '' i/c int . deepak' room - day deepak type - '' humara job lagne waala hai . jaldi se a jaao . '' CUT to : ext . devi 's house - day - devi be open the lock at she house 's door . come inside . CUT to : ext . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic / road - night very late night , they be riding back to the polytechnic campus . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic - night check the result on the notice board . deepak 's name be not on the list . CUT to : int . / ext . devi 's house - day the doorbell ring . devi find the postman at the gate . 83 84 85 72 postman ( not let the letter go ) pahle bakshish laaiye ! devi uhh ? postman arre sarkaari naukri ki chithhi hai . aise sookhe sookhe nahi milegi . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day devi be open the letter and read . it say ' railway board 's at the top . she sigh . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - night jhonta be sleep . pathak put a sheet over he and start to leave . then he stop , pick up the save box from under jhonta , and take out money from it . he take jhonta 's coin too . he do it silently so as not to wake jhonta up . CUT to : int . deepak 's house - late night / early morning deepak be sleep while sit . a book be in he lap . somebody shake he body to wake he up . he open he eye to see it 's sikandar . sikandar deepak . .. deepak ? deepak kya hua ? sikandar kaam adhik hai . babu so gaya daaru pee ke .. deepak sleep again so sikandar poke he with he foot . CUT to : 86 73 ext . harishchandra ghaat - late night / early morning outside : deepak see there be many body laid on ground . ( more than 25 . ) cop be also there . the ghaat be buzzing with people , cop , and worker . shambhu ( in a conspiratorial tone ) koi bada accident hua hai ... deepak start help he worker arrange for pyre . Baba come with a grieve man . the man be dress ready for the funeral ritual . nake top , shave head , and a white dhoti below . baba deepak beta ... jaao agni laa ke do inhein ... deepak haan Baba ... deepak go to the holy fire and get fire on a bundle of hay . sikandar ( order he man ) arre idhar lagaao to ... idhar hai toh jagah ! dom worker 2 bhaiyya idhar kahaan jalaate hain ? sikandar arre jalaao to ... apna ghaat hai ki! Men throw wood at sikandar 's specify location which have much less lighting as compare to the rest . sikandar ( cont 'd ) ae deepak ... idhar chita banwaao ... 4 a jaayegi idhar . deepak be look at the cop , the largeness of it all , fight he sleep and fatigue too when he eye fall on the body be laid on the pyre in front of he . he stop in he track as he see the hand , hang out of the pyre , have a gold ring . he go numb , all sound drown in a buzz inside he head , as he walk up to the body and look at the hand closely . the face of the dead body be cover in shroud but portion of it be visible . deepak do not need to see the rest as he look around and piece the information together . this have to be shaalu and she family . he hear snatch of voice float around he . 87 88 89 74 the grieve man he give the holy fire to be say to Baba ... grieving man teerath pe gaye they sab .... poori Bus ganga ji mein gir gayi ... sanstha wale sab body yahin laye hain . deepak touch shaalu 's hand , hold it tight in he hand , and just sit down silently . shambhu shake he and say something which he do not have the faculty to listen right now . he just step aside as the grieve man set the pyre on fire . deepak do the ritual of burn for shaalu 's dead body . he be cold and not show any emotion on he face . he keep poke the pyre with the bamboo . he give a hard blow into the skull , a burst sound be hear . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat —- early morning the night of burn be over . lot of fully - burnt pyre around . Doctor be back in action and be supervise the wash of ash . deepak be sit silently , stone . dom have find some metal in ash . deepak look at the process blankly . he be fiddling with shaalu 's gold ring in he hand . it 's slightly molten . CUT to : ext . road - day it 's a uncharacteristically windy day . Dust fly all around . deepak , riding pillion on naveen 's bike , be stare straight into the dust-storm . CUT to : ext . chai shop - mirzapur - day ruppan , kk , and pushpi wait at the chaai shop . naveen be parking the bike . deepak come forward . kk hug he tightly and mumble condolence . ruppan hug next . he just pat he back . pushpi hug he and break down . deepak just stay silent . CUT to : 93 75 scene 90 , 91 & 92 deleted CUT to : ext ./ int . bhadohi railway station / ticket office - day devi enter the ticket counter office . it 's a new building - block , make next to the british - era old - building of the station . the railway platform ( no. 1 ) be one side and the other side be the reception area of the station . a small hand - write paper paste on the door say ' reservation counter '. a peon be clean the floor and she 's the first in the office . devi look at the desktop computer cover in package - plastic and bubble - wrap . peon aap aaj se join ki hain ? he see devi be a bit confuse . the room be be use as a store - room of sort it seem . abandon lamp , old register , two railway-station bench , and sign- board lie in the room . peon ( cont 'd ) ( point to the leave chair ) aap idhar baith jaaiye ... will toh sadhya ji ka hai ! she sit down and take out a half - litre water bottle from she bag . the bottle be empty except for the last few drop . devi ( point to the package on computer ) yeh .... abhi khula nahin hai ? peon kainchiya kho gaya ... devi ( look around ) paani ? peon ( point to the hand - pump across the track on another platform ) oo raha ! devi go towards the overhead -bridge . peon ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) arre patariya se jaaiye ... abhi koiyo gaadi nahin hai .... 76 she cross the track . get on the other side . use the hand - pump alone , by place the bottle below the tap and pump it . devi come back to see a few people be already at the close gate now . the gate open into a hall where ticket counter be . she enter the office and find another man , sadhya JI ( 36 ) in the seat next to she . sadhya ji be flipping through devi 's tickete manual . sadhya JI aaiye aaiye ... aap 2 minute baad jaati toh hum apni botal bhi de dete . ( place the book back ) badi achhi chhapwaayi hai yeh kitaab railway not ... hum log toh bina kitaab ke seekhe hain ... ghis ghis ke ! devi just nod in greeting and take the seat . take out a paper- cutter knife from she bag and start unwrap the desktop and connect the wire . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) humaare 8 saal ke saathi mukherjee babu ko jaana pada computer ke chalte . devi be not respond to he talk beyond a nod of head . he take out he mobile phone and browse . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) ye dekhiye ! ( show a picture of a older man than himself , click while sip tea ) mukherjee babu . Computer seekhne se saaf mana kar diye ... toh dungarpur transfer ho gaya unka . rajasthan mein . ab passenger train ka ticket kaatenge . devi be look for a power-point . find a point close - by where sadhya 's mobile be be charge . devi yahaan laga doon ? sadhya JI haan haan ... ( take off he charge ) aapne toh khoob computer padha hoga ? 94 95 77 devi nod . the customer be now bang on the glass window suggest the time for issue ticket have start . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) aap ka chaalu hua system ? devi nod . sadhya gesture the peon to open the door . the noise and energy of crowd fill the room . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom - day deepak be sit in the queue for interview . look shabby and unprepare , lose in he thought . another guy come out of the interview room . the peon call deepak 's name . deepak do not respond . the peon come to deepak and gesture he to go inside . deepak inside the room . all student sit in chair form a arc . the jury on the extreme opposite . a ‘group discussion 's topic be announce and the room suddenly turn cacophonous . each one be try to out do the other , question and answer at the same time , the jury yell at they to be quite . deepak be gaze in one direction , silent . he get up and walk out of the room . CUT to : ext . ganga paar - night sikandar , marion , and she 3 white friend in a shack on the sand of ganga paar island . they be smoking up , other drug ( lsd ) be also go around . Music be play in the background . marion sikandar .... tell they about ghost ! spirit . sikandar ( with improve English - speak skill now ) spirit be common . my father once touch a dead body and he become alive ! foreign tourist 1 no dude ! sikandar yes . my father be call Doctor that be why . ( more ) 96 78 sikandar ( cont 'd ) when he be kid ... he touch dead body and they alive . so they call he Doctor . foreign tourist 2 you kid I fucker ! marion no he be not . sikandar and there be this thing - ghaat madness ... where we hear sound ... people who work on funeral ghaat all they life ... hear sound ... marion what sound ? sikandar Ram naam satya hai ... or the sound of fire burn .... when there be no fire ... no people around . CUT to : ext . ganga paar - night later : sikandar and marion sit on the sand . they be high . other have pass out . marion take out she camera and click sikandar . sikandar smile awkwardly . sikandar I click you ? marion hand the camera to he . then gesture ' stop’ , come and sit next to he , turn the camera towards themselves , and try to find a frame . marion together ! they click without the aid of viewfinder screen and check the photo . both be smile but sikandar 's half head be out of frame . sikandar tell about you country . marion my country ? well , it be not this hot . Sky be more blue . but the water taste the same , life feel the same . ( more ) 98 99 79 marion ( cont 'd ) ( she look into he eye ) but yes , the man be not this nice . both smile at each other . sikandar please take I with you . marion look at he . and mildly regains alertness out of she stupor . sikandar ( cont 'd ) please . CUT to : scene 97 deleted ext . harishchandra ghaat - day deepak be carry wood and dump on the funeral area . his father spot he from the top . he call out deepak by name . deepak do not respond . Father come down and face he . doctor pagla gaye kaa ? silence from deepak . doctor ( cont 'd ) re .... deepak just look at he with anger but do not say anything . doctor ( cont 'd ) padho jaa ke ! bahut log hai yahaan kaam karne waala ... deepak bahut padh liye . he walk away and jump in a boat that be go away . vikram mallah be riding the boat . CUT to : int . internet cafe - mirzapur - day deepak be log into Facebook . check shaalu 's page . go to she photo album and check the photo . one photo have she pose with she gold ring . 100 101 80 go to she home page . it 's full of obituary by friend . deepak read they . place cursor in the type space . the cursor be blink in anticipation . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak be in he gumti , translate a book . a shadow fall on he and he look up to find cop mishra , in plain clothes stand there . pathak ( a bit throw - off ) aap ? uhh ... mishra haan ... patni aur bachhi ke saath aaye they ... yahan aana jurm hai ? pathak nahin nahin .. pathak notice a lady in a sari stand with a 5 - 6 year old girl in the background . they be look at the river . pathak ( cont 'd ) hum toh jute huye hain ... devi ki ad - hoc mein naukri bhi lagi hai ... mishra agle mahine ki 6 tarikh aakhri din hai . nahin toh YouTube pe .. youtube samajhte hain ? pathak nod . mishra take a empty water bottle be sell on pathak 's shop . mishra ( cont 'd ) bisleri botal mein gangajal bharne ko mann nahin maanta ! he leave . jhonta be watch this from the distance . CUT to : int . bhadohi railway station / ticket office - day ticket window queue be long . sadhya ji and devi work hastily . sadhya be slow on the keyboard . customer ( check he pocket ) naa ... chhutta nahin hai . aapke paa hoga to ! 102 81 sadhya JI ( turn to devi ) aapke paa hai chhutta ? 7 rupaya . devi check in she box and find it . give it to sadhya . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) aap fast hain bahut ! humko toh kabhi ispe G nahin milta kabhi H. aur dekhiye toh ... hain donon agal - bagal hi ! devi do not respond . sadhya ji observe she determine , detach face . she have she railway manual open on the side and keep check for instruction . CUT to : int . bhadohi railway station - day it 's lunch time . sadhya ji be open he tiffin . he have a thin Hindi novel ( deewar mein ek khidki rehti thi by Vinod Kumar shukla ) on he lap . devi be already eat a paratha - roll with achaar sit at a distance . sadhya JI ( open he tiffin ) lijiye thoda ? devi nahin . sadhya JI arre apne haath se banaaya hai . humein aur pita ji , dono ko khaana banaane ka bada shauk hai . shauk kya ... will sufi log kahte hain to ... junoon ... junoon hai . devi be read the ticket manual while eat too . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) arre bhojan ke time toh chhorh dijiye kitabiya ... humse poochh lijiyega kahin ataki toh ! a train have pull in . devi look at people get on it . sadhya notice devi . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) yahaan din mein atthaais ( 28 ) train rukti hain ... aur pata hai kitni nahin rukti ? devi look at he . 82 sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) chaunsath ! ( 64 ) matlab kya hua ? ( wait for she to respond , then proceed anyway ) yahaan aana aasaan hai , yahaan se jaana mushkil . hahahaha ... devi be mildly amused by sadhya . CUT to : 103 ext . harishchandra ghaat - day deepak be on the ghaat . he spot shambhu and dubey ji walk up the step to he house in a hurry . his father come out in a while . deepak sense something wrong . his father wave at he to accompany . deepak run to catch up with they . CUT to : 104 ext . / int . varanasi cantt railway station - day deepak be check the train . look for someone . CUT to : 105 ext . / int . bus stand - day Doctor and dubey be at the bus stand , make inquiry . CUT to : 106 ext . bhelupur cop station - day deepak and shambhu be wait outside . Doctor and dubey come out . Doctor look crestfallen . dubey ( to deepak ) ladki ka naam pata hai tumhein ? kaun desh ki thi ? deepak just shake he head . doctor ( on the verge of break down ) chootiya ladka...chootiya saala ... maadarchod saala ... 108 83 dubey gesture deepak to hold he father . deepak just look at Doctor expressionless . CUT to : scene 107 deleted ext . panchkoshi ghaat - night jhonta be sit with other kid . babu , munwa , netwa , and loku . they be smoking beedis . babu ye ek haath idhar jebwa mein ...ek haath Katrina ki kamar mein ... aur aise naachta hai ... jaise gaand mein bijli ka taar laga ho ... do a bit of dance action . netwa ( the eldest among they ) hum bole apni girlfriend ko ... hum salman nahin hai toh tu kaun si Katrina hai ? jhonta ( realize he be be out ) maachis de to ? munwa light a new one for he . a slap hit jhonta . the kid run away as pathak be stand over they . netwa ( shouting , while run away ) ae panditji bauraaye .... pathak pichhli baar bhi bole the naa ... be nahin peena hai . poora saan chala jaata hai ... gota kaise lagaaoge ? aur lagaaoge toh haaroge ! jhonta nahin lagaana humko . pathak nahin lagaana toh bhaago yahaan se . shakal mat dikhaana . 109 84 jhonta haan humko bhi nahin rehna aapke saath . paisa de do humaara ... pathak kaudi bhi to milihe ... bhagg yahaan se ... bhagg .... jhonta throw the be at pathak 's face . jhonta rakho ... bhikhaari ! ... and walk away . CUT to : ext ./ int . devi 's house - night pathak reach home , knock on the door , realize it 's open . walk in inside and find devi asleep on the chair only . her indian railways tickete manual book be open right in front of she . pathak want to wake she up but then decide against it . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day pathak wake up to find devi go to work already . CUT to : int . bhadohi railway station / ticket office - day devi be by the counter . relatively easy traffic day . a young posh - look couple have come to the counter . they have backpack on they . girl fuck off . you be lie . boy you be totally pass out . girl ( to devi ) ma’‘am be ticket ka status batayengi ? devi check the status . devi confirm nahin hua hai . 112 113 85 the boy and girl become a little worried . boy tatkal mein check kar sakte hain ? girl ek seat milega toh bhi chalega . the boy whisper something in girl 's ear . she start smile . devi look into she computer . she look at they hold the hand . the computer screen show 32 available ticket for Delhi . devi nahin hai . the boy and girl look worried . girl kisi aur train mein ? devi ( coldly ) kisi mein nahin hai . CUT to : int . devi 's house - night devi be sit in front of the desktop , porn play on it in low volume . devi 's face show no expression . CUT to : ext . harishchandra ghaat — day deepak , Doctor , lala , shambhu , 2 cop , dubey ji , and 2 really old man be gather on the ghaat . cop 1 sanvidhaan ko beech mein kaahe laa rahe hain ? humne pahle bhi kaha - aap log ka apna maamla hai ... khud suljhaaiye . cop -2 - be busy on he phone , downloading apps . not even i : ; lala 3 lakh de do ... paari waapas le jaao . 114 86 doctor sikandar ko 1 bhi nahin diya hoga tuney ... lala sikandar ko laao ... khojo ... poochho us-se ... humne roka hai ? doctor kahaan se laayenge 3 lakh ... lala dubey ji shahar ke sammaanit vyakti hain ... inke saamne hum kah dete hain , paisa a gaya toh paari le jaana . jab bhi a jaaye . deepak look at the gold ring in he hand . CUT to : ext . boat - night it 's a desert place . almost in the wood . deepak , kk , pushpi , naveen , and ruppan have a drink session by the side of a fire place . plates of chicken tandoori , onion , and beer bottle lie in front . kk sab chootiyapa hai saala ! life...pyaar...sex ... death . sab ! deepak be just listen and observe . and drink . pushpi toh tu kaahe pyaar karta hai be , blondewa ? kk abe nahin karte hain ... khaali feel chaahiye humko ki karte hain ... pyaar ka idea se pyaar karte hain . samajh rahe ho ? ruppan ( check the bottle ) ae sab khaali ho gaya be ... pushpi thairo hum late hain aur .. pushpi leave . ruppan deepak ko bolne do be ... kab se chup baitha hai ! ae deepak ... kuch bol to bhaai ... 87 deepak just stare . kk ( gesture ruppan to not force he ) nahin tu time le bhaai ... koi jaldi nahin ... hum sab hain yahin ... more beer arrive . they be busy fill they glass when deepak start talk . deepak tum log science padhe ho ? they be all ear . nobody respond to the rhetoric though . deepak ( cont 'd ) hum saala padhe they ... aadmi pahle bandar jaisa tha ... poonchh hoti thi ... jhuk ke chalta tha ... phir dheere dheere ... evolution ka theory ke chalte ... poonchh gaayab ho gayi ... kamar tan gayi . kaahe ki jo jaroorat nahin tha , will khud khatam ho gaya . aise hi kaan chapte ho gaye ... naak chhoti ho gayi ... sab faaltu cheez dheere dheere khatam ho gayi . ( he 's hearing the chant of raam - naam -satya-hai now ) toh phir ye bhainchod ... kisi ke marne ka dukh kaahe nahin khatam hua aadmi ka . saala kisko chaahiye ye ? itna faaltu cheej evolution ke chalte kaahe nahin gaya ? bol blonde bhainchod .... kaahe nahin gaya be ... Friends wait for more but he 's do . CUT to : int . devi 's house - day pathak wake up to find devi be go . go to the kitchen and find a cup of tea ready , in a steel glass . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day pathak reach he gumti , open the lock and sit inside . jhonta be nowhere to be see . CUT to : 88 ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day the coin-find competition be go on , pathak stand on the side . jhonta be not among the diver . CUT to : int . bhadohi railway station / ticket office - day devi and sadhya ji printing ticket hurriedly . sadhya check time on the watch . sadhya JI ( to the customer ) Bas lunch time ho gaya ... customer 2 abhi kahaan ...3 minute baaki hai . sadhya close the window and look at devi who be still work . sadhya JI devi ji... aap bhi khidki giraaiye ... varna usi mein se ghuse aayenge yeh log . get up and shut she window too . she look at he with mild anger but he keep on smile . she can not stop herself from smile too . CUT to : int . bhadohi railway station - day lunch time . sadhya eat while read a novel . devi eat while watch train go by . sadhya JI ( open another box ) pita ji kahte hain jo kheer nahin khaata usne manushya yoni mein janam lene ka poora faayda nahin uthaaya . devi nahin aap lijiye ... sadhya JI hum toh lenge hi.. lekin pitaji not khud banaayi hai . aaj unka janamdin hail ! devi slide she chair forward and take a couple of spoonfuls from sadhya 's box . 120 89 devi aap akele rahte hain ? sadhya JI nahin . hum pita ji ke saath rahte hain . pita ji akele rahte hain . devi look confuse . he add ... sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) matlab din mein akele rahte hain ... devi nod and finish the food . people be knock on the counter gesture break - time be over . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) devi nahi asht-bhuja devi hona tha aapko ...ek saath 4 - 4 ticket chhaap sakti thi ... devi smile mildly at this . CUT to : ext . bhadohi railway station - day devi be look for a cycle-rickshaw outside the railway station . sadhya ji come with he Honda activa scooter . sadhya JI aap bus stand jaati hain to ? devi haan . par main ... sadhya JI hum ussi taraf ja rahe hain ... devi nahin main ... sadhya JI ek mahina se aap daily jaa rahi hain khud se ... kabhi humne poochha bhi ? aaj humein sach mein udhar kaam hai ... baithiye . petrol jal raha hai ... she sit on the backseat and he ride on . CUT to : 121 90 ext . wine shop - bhadohi / road - day devi be wait with the scooter while sadhya be buy liquor from a wine shop across the road . devi be wrapping dupatta across she face . sadhya cross the road and come back with a brown paper bag . sadhya JI pitaa ji ka janamdin hai to ... woh kabhi kabhi peete hain ... isiliye humne kaha , idhar aana hi tha . put the paper bag in the dicky , start the scooter . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) kabhi kabhi sochte hain pita ji ke jaane ke baad naukri chhorh denge aur desh ghoomenge . Bas train mein chadhenge aur jahaan mann kiya utar jaayenge . devi uske liye naukri chhorhne ki kya zaroorat hai ? har saal ki 20 casual leave milti toh hain ... sadhya JI yeh bhi sahi kaha ! asal mein har saal sochte hain ... par chhutti ek mithya hai . garmiyon mein will zameen pe paani dikhta hai to door .. mrig - trishna ... bas wahi . chhutti hamesha bas 2 - haath door dikhti hai . stop the scooter at a moongphali thela . Bus stand can be see across the road . devi get down . devi Main chali jaaoungi ... saamne hi hai ab . sadhya JI ji ji ... waise bhi yahaan se aaage bada khateek - type traffic hai . ( to the moongphali waala ) 100 gram dijiye ... khasta ekdum ! aur namak-chutni extra . devi cross the road . CUT to : 122 123 91 int . / ext . bus - highway - evening devi be sit in the bus , in a pensive mood . CUT to : int . devi 's house - night pathak be sit on the floor , eat , and flick tv channel on mute . devi come with a pateela full of kheer . pathak be surprised . devi bahut dinon se kheer nahin banaayi ... pathak take the plate silently , switch the tv off . devi wait for he to finish . then serve more . pathak Bas ...ho gaya .. devi khaa lijiye ... itni pasand toh hai aapko ! then get up and take out a envelope from she bag . it 's a cheque . put it next to pathak 's plate . devi ( cont 'd ) 1 mahina ho gaya aaj . 16 hazaar mile hain . pathak look at the cheque and finish the kheer . a moment of silence . pathak tum ghar chhorh ke jaana chaahti ho ? no response from devi . pathak ( cont 'd ) Hai to ? devi haan . pathak wait for more . devi ( cont 'd ) ye case nahin hota toh ab tak ... Main shaayad akele rahne ke liye bani hoon . ( more ) 124 92 devi ( cont 'd ) allahabad University mein ek course hai ... will karne ka mann hai . wahin kisi coach mein kaam dhoondh loongi . pathak ammmm . he take out he diary and start do some calculation on it . pathak ( cont 'd ) abhi 3 lakh mein se 1 hi hua hai . Bank mein 50 hazaar ki fd hai ... tudwa lenge . baaki 1.5 ka dekhna padega kahin se . uske baad jahaan jaana hai chali jaana ... . -- and he break down say this . cries like a baby , with he foot stretch out sit on the floor . devi get up , wash she hand , and come close to he . put a hand on he shoulder and then hug he gently . he curl up a bit in she lap and weep . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day it 's a cold morning . pathak walk on to the ghaat . spot jhonta sleep in the distance , all curl up . go up to he and wake he up . jhonta see pathak and start walk away . pathak ruko tani ... jhonta keep on walk . pathak ( cont 'd ) jaada nahin lagta raat mein ? jhonta keep on walk . pathak ( cont 'd ) mooh-haath dhulo ... ganga ji ko parnaam karo ... aur chalo budhiya ke naashta karte hain ! jhonta jump into the river . CUT to : 125 126 128 93 ext . budhiya KI dukaan - day pathak and jhonta have kachori-jalebi naashta at budhiya ki dukaan . pathak gesture the shopkeeper to give one more kachori to jhonta . CUT to : int . jeweller shop - varanasi - day deepak be unwrap the gold ring . it 's wrap in the Facebook profile page of shaalu . jeweler take the ring inside for inspection . deepak wait . jeweler come out and give he a figure on a piece of paper . deepak think for a while and pick up the ring . CUT to : scene 127 deleted ext . harishchandra ghaat - night Doctor be drink with dubey and vikram mallah . deepak be sit in the distance . doctor shambhu chacha pata kiye hain ... lala sirf 90 hajaar diya sikandar ko ... dubey theek hai Doctor ... sabka din firta hai ... tumhara bhi firega . doctor jhaant ukhaadne se murde ka wajan kam nahin hotaa dubey saab ... ab kya din firega , umar nikal gayi . ( look at deepak in the distance , scream ) ae deepakwa ...tumhaari bhi nikal jaayegi yahin agni dete-dete ... deepak be lose in he thought . he look up at the house where he mother and bhabhi be sit outside , look at the gange . the ghat be quiet . couple of worker in the distance lay some wood . dubey leave . 94 doctor ( cont 'd ) ( heavily drunk ) tumhare sanjay mama ek baar ek nabbe saal ki budhiya ka shav jala rahe they . budhiya ke paa sone ka daant tha . parivar walon not bola nikalo isey . to sanjay mama gaye , hathoda pel diye mooh mein . jhatke se budhiya uth gayi . saala daant nahin nikla . 6 mahine baad budhiya phir mari ... phir uska laash aaya ... sanjay bola - nikaalein daant ? aur ghar waale boley - nahin bhai .. mat nikaalo ... amma ko aur to jhel paayenge ! everybody laugh . deepak be silent . doctor ( cont 'd ) aisa tamasha roj-roj jhel paoge tum bhosdi wale ? he start belching and feel dizzy . deepak make he sit upright . deepak look into he welling eye . he break down . deepak hold he . he make he lie down on the ghaat . doctor ( cont 'd ) kya kiye tum padh likh ke ? aur kya kiya sikandar ghaat pe rah ke ? doctor ( cont 'd ) sikandar ki umar ke they ... tab hum bhi sochte they bhaag jaayein ... thoda jee lein .. kabhi nahin bhaag paaye . aur tumko padhaaye .. ki bhaag sako ... aur tum yahin mara rahe ho ... kaahe ? bhaago bhosdiwale , jaao ... jaao yahan se .. jaao , yahan kuch nahin hai murdon ke beech mein , jaao madarchod .. he start cry and slapping deepak . deepak just take it , without resisting . Doctor get up and walk away . deepak come to the edge of the ghat . the sound of ' raam naam satya hai 's start ringing in he ear . he take a look at the ring , wrap in Facebook page , look at shaalu 's picture , become overwhelm , and throw the ring and the paper in the river . but instantly realize what he have do and jump in to try and find it . struggle for a bit in the dark and then keep on swim . reaches the other end of the river , the small island in the middle of ganga , and look back at the ghaat he jump from . 129 130 131 132 133 134 95 everything look distant , small , less intimidating from here . he could spot he father , the burn pyre , the faint light come out of he house , but nothing be affect he . he sit down there , stare at the river and the life at the other end . dissolve to : ext . across harishchandra ghaat - early morning he be still look at the river as the Sun rise behind he . CUT to : ext . gange - day deepak be crossing the river back in a boat . he look calmer and sort . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom - day deepak be at the placement office with Professor karki who be help he fill out a form . CUT to : int . deepak 's house / room - day deepak study . Doctor and shaanti pleased to see he get back to study . CUT to : int . seth kinaram agarwal polytechnic mirzapur / classroom -— day deepak be interview by two sarkaari engineer . they put some papers in front of he to sign . one of they say ' Bas paan khila do achha sa ab ! 's CUT to : ext . railway track ( allahabad ) - day deepak work on track lay , hold a theodolite and give instruction to manual laborer . 135 135 a 135 B 135 C 136 96 a train pass by and the small bridge shake . deepak look at it and think of shaalu . ( " tu kisi rail si guzarti hai '' waali memory may be . ) CUT to : int . deepak 's room ( allahabad ) - day deepak look out of he small window on the lst / 2nd floor and talk on the phone . deepak haan ... babu ... paise mile gaye they to ? r/c ext . harishchandra ghaat - day doctor haan ... abhi itne ki jaroorat nahin thi . r/c int . deepak 's room ( allahabad ) - day deepak humko bhi jaroorat nahin hai . abhi rehna khaana sab daftar se mile raha hai . r/c ext . harishchandra ghaat - day Doctor look happy and content . doctor Mann lag raha hai to wahaan ? deepak nod . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day huge crowd at the ghaat . some cop be there too . the kid be line up for diving . vikram mallah be collect money while announce . vikram aaj faagun purnima ka mauka hai ... aaj bada muqaabla hai ... sabke liye nahin hai ... ( more ) 137 97 vikram ( cont 'd ) ye saara sikka paani mein pekhenge aur kam se kam 10 hajaar ka daav lagaana rahega ... aap akele nahi laga sakte toh 3 - 4 log mile ke lagaaiye ... par 10 hajaar ... 10 hajaar ... kam se kam . aur chaar minute ka samay hoga . pathak be unsure whether to play or not . he go up to jhonta . pathak kya kahte ho ? jhonta just nod assure . pathak hand over the money to vikram . vikram throw the mark coin and blow the whistle . the kid dive . the kid come up for breath every 30 - 40 second . every time jhonta come with he mouth fill with coin and drop they on the ghaat , pathak push he back on . jhonta be irritate by pathak 's desperation . people scream name of kid . Inside kid be work harder and faster than ever before . the ghaat come alive with loud noise like a box match as the time get over . vikram blow a loud whistle and all the boy come out one by one . vikram start call jhonta 's name but no response . vikram dive in and find he unconscious . bring he out and there be commotion . they try to revive he but he do not come back . pathak panic and carry jhonta on he back , run the step up , through the lane , to the doctor 's clinic . CUT to : int . doctor 's clinic - day pathak be sit next to a lie jhonta . jhonta open he eye and look at pathak . pathak be look very sad and sorry . jhonta pandijji ... aapke paise duba diye maine . pathak bend forward and hug he . jhonta be slightly surprised by this show of emotion . jhonta ( cont 'd ) ( open he mouth and take out a gold ring hide under he cheek ) ye mila nadi mein . 137a 138 138 a 138 B 138 C 138 D 138 E 98 pathak look at the ring , curious . CUT to : montage - various place - various time int . jewellry shop 2 - day - pathak at the jeweler shop . CUT to : int . devi ’'s house / room - day - devi look at herself in the mirror , comb she hair . CUT to : ext . road - day - pathak pay off the cop mishra . CUT to : ext . panchkoshi ghaat - day - pathak read mantras , as jhonta 's head be be shave at the ghaat . devi be take he picture through she mobile phone . CUT to : int . sadhya JI 's house - day - sadhya ji clean he house . CUT to : ext . bhadohi govt . quarter - day - devi get off a rickshaw in bhadohi and walk into a lane . stop outside a govt . quarter type house . it have a unkempt lawn outside with some fruit tree and lot of snake - gourd vine . CUT to : 138 138 138 138 138 99 int . sadhya JI 's house - day - sadhya open the door for devi. CUT to : int . sadhya JI 's house / kitchen - day - sadhya 's father cooking in the kitchen . devi say hello to he . CUT to : int . sadhya JI 's house - day - devi , sadhya , and he father have kheer together at home . CUT to : ext . bhadohi south indian restaurant - day - devi sit pillion on sadhya 's scooter and they stop in front of a restaurant . CUT to : int . bhadohi south indian restaurant - day devi and sadhya have coffee at a small restaurant . sadhya JI toh aapne faisla kar liya hai ? devi be check the menu . devi haan . uttapam . sadhya smile . call the waiter with a wave . sadhya JI ek uttapam aur ek rava dosa . ( then to devi ) hum dosey ka faisla nahi poochh rahe they . devi ( realize ) oh. haan ... faisla kar liya hai . she sip on the coffee . look at a group of college kid at the table across the room . they be celebrate a birthday . 100 she look at one of the guy , whose birthday be be celebrate , who look mildly like piyush . she turn she gaze back to sadhya . slight discomfort on devi ' 's face . sadhya JI sab mitron ke circle mein ek dost aisa hota hai naa jise sab gyaani maante hain ... intellectual ... devi hmmm . sadhya JI humaare circle mein ... college ke dinon mein ... will gyaani hum they . aur sab humse apni samasya ka hal maangte they . devi achha ? Main toh sarita mein ' paathakon ki samasya 's waala panna padh padh ke hi apne hal dhoondhti rahi . sadhya JI aur hum sabko yahi kahte they ... jo dil mein hai , will bata do . chhupa ke rakhne se anda milega anda . now he look straight into devi 's eye . devi be also not avoid the gaze . sadhya JI ( cont 'd ) toh ab jab aap jaa rahi hain ... toh hum apne andar ke intellectual ki baat maan kar aapko kah hi dete hain jo mann mein hai . devi suddenly feel unsure of herself . she look at the group of college kid give birthday bump to piyush - look - alike . the boy be scream in pain . Friends hold he hand and leg and kick he ruthlessly . devi be watch all this and become very uncomfortable . devi ( pant and pretend to be calm ) mujhe jaana hai . sadhya look at she with a cold sigh . offer she a glass of water . she shake she head . sadhya JI sahi hai . ramdev ji bhi kahte hain khaane ke turant baad paani nahi peena chaahiye . 101 devi ( about to go , turn back and say with genuine empathy ) sorry . CUT to : 139 int . devi 's house - day devi be pack she bag at home . she pick up the still wrap gift from piyush and put it safely in she bag . pathak be watch she from the kitchen . he come with tea and sooji ka halwa . devi eat it silently . CUT to : 140 int . bhadohi railway station / ticket office - day sadhya ji be issue ticket . the adjacent seat be occupy by a new person , a man of around 32 - year of age . a train arrive and sadhya ji look at it . CUT to : 141 int . varanasi cantt railway station / train - day devi be in the train . pathak carry jhonta in he arm - both wave bye to she as the train move . CUT to : 142 int . allahabad university classroom - day devi be sit in a lecture . take note diligently . CUT to : 143 int . pg accommodation in allahabad - day devi be in she small room . look out of the window at the traffic in the distance . she open she bag and find piyush 's file . put piyush 's file in a polythene bag . CUT to : 144 ext . allahabad university - day devi be at a bus stop right across the university . she attempt call ramdhari agarwal . 144a 102 but cut the call even before he pick . still uncomfortable about deal with the truth . she think for a bit and call another number . be / c int . train - day sadhya ji , inside a move long - distance train , 2nd sleeper compartment pick the call . devi sadhya ji ? devi ... sadhya JI arre devi ji ... aho - bhaagya ... aapne ekdum sahi samay par yaad kiya ! devi achha ? kaise ? sadhya JI wo ab baad mein bataayenge ... pahle ye bataaiye aap settle ho gayin allahabad mein ? devi haan ... isliye socha aapko khabar kar doon . ab bataaiye kyon sahi samay par phone kiya maine ? sadhya JI arre itne saalon se khud ko kah rahe they ki ek din train mein chadh jaayenge aur kahin door ghoom ke aayenge ... lekin jab yeh baat aapko kah diye tabse lagne laga ab kar lena chaahiye . toh aaj humne mrig-trishna ko pakad hi liya ... ab jis chhutanke station par achhi chaai milegi wahin utar jaayenge ! sadhya 's joy be infectious and devi be very happy to hear this . devi arre waah ... sach mein ! kitna achha lag raha hoga to ? sadhya JI arre bas param - anand bemisaal mile raha hai . aap bhi kabhi kijiyega ... jo bahut din se socha ho . aise lagta hai ki naya janam mila ho . 145 146 147 103 devi go in she thought as sadhya 's train go through a beautiful jungle . CUT to : ext . housing lane / ramdhari agarwal house - day devi stand in a middle - class housing lane , look at a house . the name plate read ramdhari agarwal . Lonely street , eerily silent except for the odd bird sound . with shaking hand , she open the door . walk through the lawn and reach the door . press the door bell . wait for a million second before it open . a lady ( piyush 's mother ) open the door . we see devi 's face , try to introduce herself . in a extreme long shot , we see devi be slap repeatedly by the mother . the father come to the door bewilder , and then she be drag inside sympathetically by the father and angrily by the mother . CUT to : scene 145 a deleted ext . housing lane / ramdhari agarwal house - day devi come out of the house , she hair dishevel and face full of dry up tear . she look relieved and unburdene . CUT to : ext . sangam allahabad - day deepak be sit on the ghaat . sunset be about to happen . devi walk in and sit a few step behind deepak . deepak throw a stone in water and it jump twice . both be look at the sunset . a boatman , with he boat park right in front , call out . boatman raja ghaat ... raja ghaat ... boat ...? haan ...madam ... raja ghaat ? devi kitna logey ? 148 104 boatman 50 rupaya ... ( he then look at deepak ) haan bhai ... raja ghat ? 50 rupaya ...aao ... devi look at deepak for the first time . deepak 30 theek hai ... boatman chalo 70 mein donon ka ...aao ... baitho. deepak look at devi and she shrug . both get in the boat . CUT to : ext . gange / allahabad / boat - evening devi be sit at the edge of the boat . deepak be look away . the boatman be row and both be look at the sunset . deepak aapko bhi ... suryaast dekhna pasand hai ? devi haan . deepak parson bhi dekha tha aapko isi ghaat pe . shaam ko . devi do not respond , just nod lightly . take out the wrap gift and let it float into ganga . as it go away , she stifles a sob . she be cry and avoid be see by deepak and the boatman . deepak take a water bottle from the boat and fill it with water from the river . he give it to she . she wash she face and compose herself . she thanks he in a nod . deepak ( cont 'd ) aap fansi-fansi si lag rahi hain . devi sigh . shake she head in denial . deepak ( cont 'd ) thode din pahle hum bhi aise hi they ... devi phir kya kiya ? 105 deepak ganga ji mein kood gaye ...! sab dhul gaya . this make she smile a bit . deepak look at devi 's face in transient light . deepak ( cont 'd ) allahabad pahli baar aayi hain ? devi haan . aur aap ? deepak doosri baar . waise kisi not kaha hai sangam 2 baar aana chaahiye ..ek baar akele , ek baar kisi ke saath . she think about it and smile . both look towards the approach ghaat . devi jump out first , and as deepak be about to jump off , the boat hit a rock and give a strong jerk . deepak be about to lose he balance but devi give he a hand . CUT to : black screen 149 title roll