BASIC instinct by joe eszterhas int . a bedroom - night it be dark ; we do not see clearly . a man and woman make love on a brass bed . there be mirror on the wall and ceiling . on a side table , atop a small mirror , line of cocaine . a tape deck plays the Stones " Sympathy for the Devil . " atop he ... she straddle he chest ... she breast in he face . he cup she breast . she lean down , kiss he ... johnny boz be in he late 40' , slim , good -look . we do not see the woman 's face . she have long blonde hair . the camera stays behind and to the side of they . she lean close over he face , she tongue in he mouth ... she kiss he ... she move she hand up , hold both of he arm above he head . she move higher atop he ... she reach to the side of the bed ... a white silk scarf be in she hand ... she hip above he face now , move ... slightly , oh-so slightly ... he face strain towards she . the scarf in she hand ... she tie he hand with it ... gently ... to the brass bed ... he eye be close ... tighter ... lowering hip into he face ... lower ... over he chest ... he navel . the song play . he be inside she ... he head arch back ... he throat white . she arch she back ... she hip grind ... she breast be high ... her back arch back ... back ... she head tilt back ... she extend she arm ... the right arm come down suddenly ... the steel flash ... he throat be white ... he buck , writhes , buck , convulse ... it flash up ... it flash down ... and up ... and down ... and up ... and ... ext . a brownstone in pacific height - morning Winter in San Francisco cold , foggy . cop car everywhere . the light play through the thick fog . two homicide detective get out of the car , walk into the house . nick curran be 42 . trim , good -look , a nice suit ; a face urban , edge , shadow . gus moran be 64 . Crew -cut , silver beard , a suit rumple and shiny , a hat out of the 50 'sa face wear and ruin the face of a backwood philosopher . int . the brownstone there 's money here -- deco , clean , hip -- that look like a Picasso on the wall . they check it out . gus who be this fuckin ' guy ? nick rock and roll , gus. johnny boz . gus I never hear of he . nick ( grin ) before you time , pop . ( a beat ) mid-sixties . five or six hit . he 's get a club down in the Fillmore now . gus not now he do not . past the uniform guy ... nod ... wave ... past the forensic man ... past the coroner 's investigator ... they get to the bedroom . int . the bedroom they walk in , stare -- it 's messy . it 's like a convention in here . lo. phil WALKER , in he 50' , silver - haire , the homicide guy ; jim harrigan , late 40' , puffy , affable ; SAM andrews , 30' , black . a coroner' man be work the bed . lo. WALKER ( to Nick and Gus ) you guy know Captain talcott ? they nod . gus what 's the Chief 's office doin ' here . capt . talcott observe . lo. WALKER ( to the coroner 's guy ) what do you think , Doc ? the coroner' guy the skin blanch when I press it -- this kind of color be about right for six or eight hour . lo. WALKER nobody say anything . the may come in a hour ago and find he . she 's not a live - in . gus maybe the may do it . lo. WALKER she 's 54 year old and weigh 240 pound . the coroner' guy ( deadpan ) there be no bruise on he body . gus ( grin ) it be not the may . lo. WALKER he leave the club with he girlfriend about midnight . that 's the last time anybody see he . nick ( look at body ) what be it ? the coroner' guy Ice pick . Left on the coffee table in the live room . thin steel handle . forensics take it downtown . harrigan there 's come all over the sheet -- he get off before he get offed . gus ( deadpan ) that rule the may out for sure . capt . talcott this be sensitive . Mr. boz be a major contributor to the mayor 's campaign . he be Chairman of the board of the Palace of Fine Arts -- gus ( to Nick ) I think you say he be a rock and roll star . lo. WALKER he be a retire rock and roll star . capt . talcott a civic-minded , very respectable rock and roll star . gus what 's that over there ? we see the white powder laid out in line on the small mirror on the side table . nick ( deadpan ) it look like some civic-minded , very respectable cocaine to I , Gus . capt . talcott ( evenly , to Nick ) listen to I , curran . I be go to get a lot of heat on this . I do not want any ... mistake . Nick and talcott look at each other a beat , then -- nick who 's the girlfriend ? Lt. Walker look at the notepad in he hand . lo. WALKER Catherine tramell , 162 divisadero . Nick write it down . he and Gus turn , leave . Captain talcott watch they . he look disturb . int . the live room as they head out -- nick talcott do not usually show up at the office ' till after he 18 hole . what be they nervous about ? gus they be executive . they be nervous about everything . lo. WALKER Nick ! he stop , turn , see Walker behind they . Walker come up to they . lo. WALKER ( to Nick ) keep you three o'clock . nick do you want I to work the case , phil , or do you want I to -- lo. WALKER I say keep it . ext . a victorian on divisadero - day it be more a mansion than a house . they ring the bell . a Hispanic maid answer . they flash they badge . nick I be detective curran , this be detective moran . we be with the San Francisco Police Department . we would like to speak to Ms. Catherine tramell . the maid ( after a beat , a accent ) just moment . come in . she lead they into a lavish , beautifully do live room that offer a sweeping view of the Bay . the maid sit , please . just moment . they look around , impressed . there be a Picasso on the wall here , too . gus ai not that cute ? they get he and she pig-assos , son . nick ( smile ) I do not know you know who Picasso be , Gus . gus ( grin ) I be a smart sonofabitch . I just hide it . Nick smile -- and at that moment a beautiful blonde walk into the room . she look like she have be asleep . she be in she early 20' . she wear a very sheer robe . nick we be sorry to disturb you , we would like to ask you some -- the woman be you vice ? gus ( after a beat ) homicide . the woman what do you want ? gus when be the last time you see John boz ? the woman be he dead ? nick ( after a beat ) why do you think he 's dead ? the woman you would not be here otherwise , would you ? gus be you with he last night ? the woman you be look for Catherine , not I . nick who be you ? the woman I be roxy . ( a beat ) I be she -- friend . she look at they a beat . roxy she 's out at the beach house at stinson . seadrift . 1402 . nick thanks . they start to head out . roxy you be waste you time . Catherine do not kill he . a beat , they look at she , and go ... ext . seadrift - stinson beach - day foggy . cold . it be a expensive spit of land on the ocean . multi-million dollar " beach house " with garden and swim pool . there be two ferraris in the driveway -- one black , one white . they get out of the car in front of the house . they see a woman in back of the house , sit on a deck chair , stare at the sea , a blanket around she . as they get to she -- nick Ms. tramell ? she take a long look a Nick , then look away . catherine tramell be 30 year old . she have long blonde hair and a refine , classically beautiful face . she be not knockout gorgeous like roxy ; there be a smoky kind of sensuousness about she . nick I be De ... catherine ( evenly ) I know who you be . she do not look at they . she look at the water . catherine how do he die ? gus he be murder . catherine really . maybe that 's why you be from homicide . how ? Nick glance at Gus . nick with a ice pick . she close she eye a beat and then , still stare out , we see a thin smile . they see it , too , and glance at each other . nick how long be you dating he ? catherine I be not dating he . I be fuck he . they glance at each other again . gus what be you -- a pro ? Catherine look at he -- that thin smile again . catherine no. I be a amateur . she look away . nick how long be you have sex with he ? catherine about a year and a half . nick be you with he last night ? catherine yes . nick do you leave the club with he ? catherine yes . nick do you go home with he ? catherine no . we have a drink at the club . we leave together . I come here . he go home . nick be there anyone with you last night ? catherine ( look at Nick ) no . I be not in the mood to have sex with anyone last night . they look at she a beat . nick let I ask you something , Ms. tramell ? be you sorry he 's dead ? Catherine look at he . catherine yes . I like fuck he . they stare at she . she look out at the water . catherine I do not really feel like talk anymore . gus listen , lady , we can do this downtown if you -- catherine read I my rights and arrest I and I will go downtown . she do not even look at they . catherine ( quietly ) otherwise , get the fuck out of here . please . a long beat as they look at she . int . a corridor - police headquarters the door say Dr. Elizabeth gardner , counseling . Nick open the door , peek in . the receptionist be not there . a clock say 3 . int . the counseling office he walk in -- see the inner door open , walk in . nick I be sorry , Beth . I -- I get hang up in stinson . dr . elizabeth gardner , the police psychologist , be a very good - look , dark - haire woman . she be 30 . beth ( smile ) how be you , Nick ? nick I be fine . come on , Beth ! you know I be fine ! how the hell long do I have to keep do this ? beth as long as Internal affair want you to , I suppose . sit down , Nick . nick it 's bullshit . you know it be . beth ( smile ) I know it be -- but sit down anyway so we can get it over with , okay ? he sit down . beth so -- how be thing ? nick ( after a beat ) thing be fine . I tell you . they be fine . she watch he closely . beth ( after a beat ) how be you -- personal life ? nick my sex life be fine . ( a beat ) my sex life be pretty shitty actually since I stop see you -- maybe I should think about my electrolux again . that embarrassed she ; she look away from he . nick ( after a beat ) sorry . she shrug . a beat . beth how about the booze ? nick it 's be three month . beth ( after a long beat ) how about the coke ? nick no . beth no ? nick ( hard ) no ! I be work my tail off . I be off the sauce , I be not even smoking anymore . she smile . beth how 's not smoking ? nick it 's fuck -- now will you please tell i.a. that I be just you average healthy totally fuck - up cop and let I get out of here ? beth ( after a beat ; smile ) yes . nick thank you . and he start head out . beth ( behind he ) I still miss you , Nick . he do not even turn , pretend he do not hear . int . the detective bureau he walk in . Gus moran get up from he desk as soon as he see he . gus talcott 's in there . they be wait . they start head for Lt. Walker 's office . gus how would it go , son ? nick she miss I . gus ( grin ) hallelujah . int . lo. walker' office he and Gus sit there with Lt. Walker , harrigan , andrew and Captain talcott . harrigan sixteen stab wound to the chest and neck . no usable print , no forcible entry , nothing miss . no print on the ice pick , either -- it 's available at any safeway . the scarf be Hermes , expensive -- they sell about 20,000 a year worldwide . andrews the powder be cocaine , high - quality , high - content . he inhale it ; there be minute quantity on he lip and penis . Mr. boz leave five million dollar , no insurance , no direct survivor . he like he coke , he like he girl , and he like rock and roll . nick he like the mayor , too , right ? talcott give he a look . gus what about he girlfriend ? talcott be she relevant here ? I do not know she be a suspect . lo. WALKER she 's a suspect . talcott on what basis ? lo. WALKER ( look a note ) Catherine tramell . Age 30 . no prior , no conviction . double major , magnum cum laude , Berkeley , 1980 . literature and psychology . daughter , sole survivor -- marvin and Elaine tramell , kill in a boat accident , 1978 , Catherine tramell sole heir . estimate asset $ 110 million . it hang there . nick be you kid I ? lo. WALKER ( continue ) formerly engage to Roberto vasquez , decease -- andrews Bobby vasquez ? lt . WALKER Bobby vasquez , former middleweight contender , kill in the ring Atlantic City , 1984 . nick ( smile ) I love it . she 's get a hundred million buck . she fuck fighter and rock and roll star . and she 's get a degree in screwing with people ' head . lo. WALKER you forget she degree in literature . she 's a writer . she publish a novel last year under a pen name . do you want to know what it 's about ? they just stare at he . lo. WALKER it 's about a retire rock and roll star who be murder by he girlfriend . it hang there a long beat . int . nick's apartment - night his apartment be very bare -- very few thing -- with wide open space . there be a lot of chrome . he sit on the couch , read a book . it be a paperback . we see the title -- Love hurt , by Catherine Adams . he put the book down a beat , then pick the phone up , dial . nick page 67 , pop . do you know how she do the boyfriend ? with a icepick , in bed , he hand tie with a white silk scarf . int . a police department conference room - day Nick , Gus , Lt. Walker , harrigan , andrew , Captain talcott -- and Beth gardner . with they be a older , white - haire man , dr . andrew lamott . there be copy of " Love hurt " around the table . lo. WALKER Dr. gardner ? beth I have ask Dr. lamott to consult with we . this be not really my turf . Dr. lamott teach the psycho - pathology of psychopathic behavior at Stanford and be also a member of the justice Department 's psychological profile team . Dr. lamott ? dr . lamott there be two possibility . one . the person who write this book be you murderer and act out the kill describe in ritualistic , literal detail . two . someone who want to do the person who write this book harm read the book and enact the kill describe to incriminate the writer . nick ( after a long beat ) what if the writer do it ? what be we deal with ? dr . lamott you be deal with a devious , diabolical mind . this book must have be write at least six month , maybe year before it be publish . that mean the writer plan the crime , at least in the subconscious , back then . the fact that the writer carry it out indicate psychopathic obsessive behavior in term not only of the kill itself but in term of apply advance defense mechanism . a long beat . gus most time I can not tell shit from shinola , Doc . what be all that you just say ? some grin , titter . beth she anticipate the book to be she best alibi . dr . lamott correct . beth she 's go to say do you think I would be dumb enough to kill anyone in the exact way I have describe in my book ? I would not do that because I would know I would be a suspect . a long beat -- as they think about it . nick what if it 's not the writer ? what if it 's someone who read the book ? dr . lamott you be deal then with someone so obsessed that he or she be willing to kill a irrelevant and innocent victim to place the blame on the person who write this book . we be talk about deep - seat , obsessional hatred ; a utter lack of sense of proportion or perspective . gus we have get a top-of - the-line , once - in - a-lifetime loony - tune either way you cut it -- that 's what you be say , right , Doc ? dr . lamott you be deal with someone very dangerous and very ill . int . the prosecutor's office - day prosecutor JOHN corrigan , a big man in he 50' , with Captain talcott , Lt. Walker , Nick , and Gus . corrigan be read a file . he get up , yawn , go to he window , look out . corrigan come on , you know there 's no case here . there 's no physical evidence -- okay , she do not have a alibi but there 's no motive . her defense would just beat we to death with the copycat thing . anybody who read the book could have do it . a long beat ; no one say anything . nick so what do we do -- nothing ? lo. WALKER ( after a beat ) we bring she in for question . talcott she 's get enough money to burn this whole department down . lo. WALKER she be the last person see with the guy -- I will take the responsibility . talcott it 's yours . corrigan it will not do any good . she will come in with Lee Bailey and mel belli trail behind she on a solid gold chain from tiffany . talcott yes she will . nick ( after a beat ) no she will not . they look at he . nick ( smile ) I do not think she 's go to hide behind anybody . I do not think she 's go to hide at all . talcott ( after a beat ) I think you be as crazy as she probably be , curran . nick say nothing . gus you know what they say : it take one to know one . Nick look a Gus , grin . ext . her house in stinson - day they walk from the car to the door of the big beach house . they ring the bell . they hear type inside . the type stop . she come to the door in jeans and a tight - fitting sweatshirt . nick Ms. tramell , we would like you to come downtown and answer some question for we . catherine be you arrest I ? nick if that 's the way you want to play it . they look at each other a beat . catherine ( smile ) can I change into something more appropriate ? it will just take a minute . he nod . catherine come in . int . the house it be beautifully do in a Santa Fe motif . she go to a bedroom of the live room . Nick sit down on a couch face the bedroom she 's walk into . Gus sit across from he , he back to the bedroom . there be a coffee table between they . she leave the bedroom door halfway open . a old newspaper be on the coffee table . Nick reach for it . the headline say vice cop cleare in tourist shooting . a headline underneath say grand jury say shooting accidental . there be a photograph of Nick . he stare at the paper . catherine how long will this take ? Nick put the paper down on the coffee table . he be lose in he thought . Gus pick the paper up . nick ( look up ) I do not know . Nick , face the half open bedroom door , see a mirror near the wall of the bedroom . the mirror reflect she in the other corner of the bedroom . she be take she clothes off . he stare . she strip down . he see she back . she have a beautiful body . nake , she put a dress on . she do not put any underwear on . nick do you always keep old newspaper around ? catherine only when they make interesting read . and she be suddenly out of the bedroom . she stand there , smile . they look at each other a long beat . catherine ( finally ) I be ready . they get up , head out . gus you have the right to a attorney . catherine why would I need a attorney ? int . the car - day they sit in the front ; she be in the back . the car go over the wind , two - lane mt. tamalpais road . the fog be heavy . it 's start to rain . we see the beach far below . catherine do you have a cigarette ? nick I do not smoke . catherine yes , you do . nick I quit . she smile , look at he . a beat , and he turn away . another beat , and she light a cigarette up . nick I think you be out of cigarettes . catherine I find some in my purse ; would you like one ? he turn back to she . nick I tell you -- I quit . catherine it will not last . a beat , as she look at he , and then he turn away . gus you workin ' on another book ? catherine yes I be . gus it must really be somehtin ' -- makin ' stuff up all the time . he watch she in the rearview mirror . catherine it teach you to lie . gus how 's that ? catherine you make it up , but it have to be believable . they call it suspension of disbelief . gus I like that . " suspension of disbelief . " he smile at she in the mirror . nick what 's you new book about ? catherine a detective . he fall for the wrong woman . he turn back to she . nick what happen to he ? she look right into he eye . catherine she kill he . a beat , as they look at each other , and then he turn away from she . Gus watcher she in the rearview mirror . int . a police interrogation room - day it be large , fluorescent - light , antiseptic . she walk in with Nick and Gus . in the room be prosecutor John corrigan , Lt. Walker , Captain talcott , harrigan , and andrew . there be a police stenographer a plain young woman in she 20' . as soon as she come in -- corrigan I be John corrigan . I be a assistant district attorney , Ms. tramell . can we get you anything ? would you like some coffee ? catherine no thank you . talcott be you attorney -- nick ( hide a smile ) Ms. tramell waive she right to a attorney . corrigan and talcott glance at Nick . she see the look . catherine ( smile ) do I miss something ? nick I tell they you would not want a attorney present . lo. WALKER why have you waive you right to a attorney , Ms. tramell ? catherine ( to Nick ) why do you think I would not want one ? nick I tell they you would not want to hide . catherine I have nothing to hide . the two of they keep they eye on each other . she sit down . they sit around she . Nick sit directly across from she . she light up a cigarette . they watch she . she be poise , cool , in complete command of herself . corrigan there be no smoking in this building , Ms. tramell . catherine what be you go to do ? charge I with smoking ? ever so casually , she blow she smoke across at Nick . dissolve to : int . the interrogation room - later corrigan would you tell we the nature of you relationship with Mr. boz ? catherine I have sex with he for about a year and a half . I like have sex with he . she have control of the room ; she look from one man to the other as she speak . catherine he be not afraid of experiment . I like man like that . I like man who give I pleasure . he give I a lot of pleasure . a beat , as they watch she . she be so matter - of - fact . corrigan do you ever engage in sado - masochistic activity with he ? catherine ( smile ) exactly what do you have in mind , Mr. corrigan . corrigan ( after a beat , little flustered ) do you ever tie he up ? catherine no . andrews you never tie he up . catherine no . johnny like to use he hand too much . I like hand and finger . they stare at she . dissolve to : int . the interrogation room - later lo. WALKER you describe a white silk scarf in you book . catherine I have always have a fondness for white silk scarve . ( she smile ) I have a very vivid imagination . nick but you say you like man to use they hand . catherine no . I say I like johnny to use he hand . ( she smile ) I do not give any rule , Nick . I go with the flow . they have they eye on each other . dissolve to : int . the interrogation room - later corrigan do you kill Mr. boz , Ms. tramell ? catherine I would have to be pretty stupid to write a book about a kill and then kill he the way I describe in my book . I would be announce myself as the killer . I be not stupid . she smile . talcott we know you be not stupid , Ms. tramell . lo. WALKER maybe that 's what you be count on to get you off the hook . nick write a book about it give you a alibi for not kill he . catherine yes it do , do not it ? she hold he eye a second , then -- catherine the answer be no . I do not kill he . dissolve to : int . the interrogation room - later gus do you use drug , Ms. tramell ? catherine sometimes . harrigan do you ever do drug with Mr. boz ? catherine sure . gus what kind of drug ? catherine Cocaine . she look directly at Nick . catherine have you ever fuck on cocaine ? ( she smile ) it 's nice . he watch she . dissolve to : int . the interrogation room - later nick you like play game , do not you ? catherine ( smile ) I have get a degree in psych . it go with the turf . Games be fun . they be hold each other 's eye . nick how about box ? that 's a game . be that fun for you ? they do not take they eye off each other for a second . talcott I think that 's irrelevant to this inquiry . catherine ( to Nick ) yes it be . Bobby die . nick how do you feel when he die ? catherine I love he . I hurt . they eye be still on each other . nick how do you feel when I tell you johnny boz have die -- that day at the beach . catherine I feel somebody have read my book and be play a game . nick but you do not hurt -- catherine no . nick because you do not love he -- catherine that 's right . they eye be digging into each other . nick even though you be fuck he . catherine ( after a beat ) you still get the pleasure . do not you ever fuck anybody else while you be marry , Nick ? a beat ; he stare at she , expressionless . lo. WALKER how do you know he be marry ? catherine ( watch Nick ) maybe I be guess . what difference do it make ? she light a cigarette . he stare at she . catherine would you like a cigarette , Nick ? he just stare at she , expressionless . corrigan do you two know each other ? nick no . catherine no . int . the interrogation room - later andrews how do you meet Mr. boz ? catherine I want to write a book about the murder of a retire rock star . I go down to he club and pick he up . then I have sex with he . lo. WALKER you do not feel anything for he . you just have sex with he for you book . she look at Nick . catherine in the beginning . then I get to like what he do for I . gus that 's pretty cold , be not it , lady ? catherine I be a writer , I use people for what I write . you write what you know . let the world beware . she and Nick have they eye on each other , then -- catherine ( to corrigan , smile ) would you like I to take a lie detector test ? dissolve to : int . the police build - night we see she in a glass - enclose cubicle with a polygraph examiner . Nick stand outside watch she with Gus and Lt. Walker . her back be to they . the examiner shut the machine down , gather roll of papers , and come out of the cubicle . the examiner no blip , no blood pressure variation , no pulse variance . either she 's tell the truth or I have never meet anyone like she . a long beat , then -- lo. WALKER well , I guess that 's it . a long beat , Nick watch she as she sit inside . nick how do somebody beat this machine ? the examiner ninety -nine point nine percent of the case , they do not . you would have to be able to mask the truth from you own central nervous system , you circulatory system , you adrenal gland . in my opinion , this woman be tell the truth . the examiner walk away . they stand there . Catherine stand at the door of the cubicle behind they -- catherine can I go now ? lo. WALKER ( after a beat ) yes . thanks for come in , Ms. tramell . I be sorry to inconvenience you . she say nothing , have a thin smile . catherine can I ask one of you for a ride ? they look at she a beat . nick sure . catherine ( smile ) thanks . and he and Catherine walk away . Gus and Walker watch they . int . he car - night it be a old , mint-condition silver porsche . it be pour rain ; the wind be blow a San Francisco winter storm . nothing be say a long beat as he drive . she yawn . stretch . he look at she . catherine ( smile ) I be tired . nick it 's get to be tiring to beat that machine . she look at he and look away . a beat . catherine if I be guilty , and if I want to beat that machine , it would not be tiring . it would not be tiring at all . nick why not ? catherine because I be a professional liar . I spend most of my waking hour dwelling on my lie . ( a beat ) for my write . he look at she . catherine ( smile ) I love the rain , do not you ? he say nothing , do not look at she . catherine you take a polygraph after you shot that two people , do not you ? he look at she now . nick I pass . catherine you see ? we be both innocent , Nick . he pull up in front of she house on divisadero , stop . he see the white Ferrari in the driveway . nick how do you know all this stuff about I ? catherine you know all about I . nick I do not know anything that be not police business . catherine ( after a beat ) you know I do not like to wear any underwear , do not you , Nick ? they look at each other a beat . catherine ( smile ) thanks for the ride . and she 's out of the car . he watch she as she hurry in the rain -- he eye on she until the moment she open the door and be inside . int . the ten - four - night it be a police bar , San Francisco style . fern Joe Montana and will Clark poster . the jukebox have a lot of tony bennett . he walk in . he see Lt. Walker at a back booth with Gus , go to they , sit down . lo. WALKER what be all this " Nick " stuff -- Nick would you like a cigarette . Nick can you give I a ride . nick she do not ask I for the ride . she ask anybody . lo. WALKER and you volunteer . a bartender stay behind the bar , but yell to he . the bartender perrier , Nick ? nick double Black Jack rock , Harry . gus ( with concern ) what you doin ' , son ? nick it 's my first drink in three month . that okay with you , pop ? ( to Lt. Walker ) she do not know I . I never see she before Gus and I talk to she . the bartender here you go , Nick . he get up , get he drink -- nick thanks , Harry . he sit back down . he take a big slug . they watch he . lo. WALKER you sure ? nick I be sure . he take another big slug . nick now what ? lo. WALKER what now what ? now nothing . she pass the polygraph . that 's it . nick she know she could beat it . that 's why she ask to take it . lo. WALKER how the fuck do you know ? what be it with you and this broad anyway ? nick come on , phil . you be not gonna let this slide . what about she parent ? what about what else she 's publish ? at least we should get the stuff to see if we find anything else that 's a amazing real - life coincidence . lo. WALKER her parent die in a accident . I do not care what else she 's write . what be you -- a book critic ? nick how do they die ? be there a investigation ? lo. WALKER how you be say she kill she parent ? do she kill Bobby vasquez , too ? gus not unless she get up in the ring and turn into one mean sonofabitch . lo. WALKER maybe she do , Gus . maybe she grow herself a afro and learn a leave hook and put shoe polish on she face . let 's polygraph she again and ask she about it . nick ( casually ) fuck you , phil . lo. WALKER fuck you , too Nick . a beat , then -- nick ( call to the bartender ) can you get I another double Black Jack , Harry . Gus look at he with concern . a man in he 50' -- lo. martin nilsen be suddenly there . he be overweight , florid . nilsen ( to Nick ) hey , shooter -- you back on the Black Jack , shooter ? he grin . Nick do not look at he . lo. WALKER we be discuss a case , marty . nilsen I know that . I have no doubt of that . the bartender here you go , Nick . nilsen take the drink , hand it to Nick . nilsen ( grin ) double , huh , shooter ? Nick turn to he . he 's sit in the booth ; nilsen be stand there . Nick look like he 's barely restrain himself . nick I be off -duty , nilsen . you hear I ? I be off - duty discuss a case . Internal affair should not have any trouble with that . maybe I should put in for overtime . nilsen ( grin ) you do that , shooter . why do not you send it to I ? I will give it special attention . a beat , and then Nick get up , face he . nick I be gonna tell you once more , nilsen -- Lt. Walker and Gus get up and hold Nick back . Beth gardner , the police psychologist , be suddenly there . beth what 's the problem ? nilsen ( grin ) no problem , Doctor . here come the Doctor just in time to save she patient . take care , shooter . and he walk away . Nick still look like he want to go after he . Beth pull he away from the booth . beth you okay ? nick ( after a beat ) yeah . beth ( smile ) you do not look so okay . Nick look at she a beat . nick ( smile ) what be you do here ? beth ( smile ) baby-sitting . ( she shrug ) rookie cop . nick ( smile ) what else be new ? a beat . he look at she again . nick you want to get out of here ? she look at he a beat . beth ( smile ) yes . at the booth , Gus and Lt. Walker watch the two of they leave . gus maybe it 's for old - time 's sake . lo. WALKER ( watch they go out ) sometimes I think he start bang she just to get himself off the hook with Internal affair . gus ( after a beat , smile ) he be not that way . he 's get heart . lo. WALKER ( smile ) yeah . I know . int . beth' live room - night he be kissing she -- hard , rough . he force she against the wall . beth do not -- please , Nick -- we hear she dress rip . he kiss she harder -- we hear she panty rip . he get the dress off , push he hand under she bra -- beth please do not -- do not -- he put he mouth to she shoulder , bite it -- as they move down to the floor . int . beth' live room - later it be dark . the be still partially dress . they be on the floor . he lie on he back , stare at the ceiling . she lie next to he -- the tear dress wound around she . there be a bite mark on she shoulder . a long beat , silence -- then -- beth what be she like ? nick who ? beth Catherine tramell . nick ( after a beat ) she say what you say she would say . she sit up , look away . he look at she , put he finger on the bite mark idly , gently . a beat , and he kiss she shoulder gently , then lie back down . beth I meet she at Berkeley . he look at she . beth we be in some of the same class . nick ( after a beat ) why do not you tell I ? she look at he . beth I be tell you . they look at each other a long beat . beth ( with difficulty ) you have never be ... like that ... before . he say nothing , look away from she . beth why ? he do not look at she a long beat , say nothing . nick you be the shrink . she keep look at he . he will not look at she . beth you be not make love to I . a beat ; he look at she . nick who be I make love to ? she look at he a long beat . beth you be not make love . they look at each other , a long beat , then away . he lie back down . Beth do not look at he , keep sit up . nick ( finally ) I need a cigarette . beth ( after a beat ) I think you quit . he say nothing . beth top drawer in the foyer . ( a beat ) get it on you way out . he look at she ; she will not look at he . int . the detective bureau - morning he walk in . he look hang -over . he see Gus with harrigan and andrew and Lt. Walker in Lt. Walker 's glass - enclose office at the end of this big room . they look at he when they see he . lo. WALKER you look like dogshit . gus ( grin ) he look a little shrink , that 's all . andrews ( after a beat ) we get a call from Berkeley p.d . there be a kill . a professor . icepick . in he bed . multiple stab wound . 1977 . nick ( a thin smile ) she be there , be not she ? lo. WALKER University record say she be there . he and Nick look at each other a long beat , then -- lo. WALKER ( suddenly ) Gus -- go over to Berkeley . harrigan -- find out what else she 's publish . andrew -- get the file on she parent ' accident . carbon Beth on everything . I want some psychological input on this andrew and harrigan go ; Nick be leave there with Gus . nick what about I ? gus you be already gettin ' psychological input , son . lo. WALKER ( to Nick ) go stick you head in a tub of ice water . ( a beat ; then seriously ) see where she lead . ext . the beach house at stinson - day the black Ferrari be in the driveway . he sit in a unmark police car on a hillside above the house , watch . it be a bleak , leaden gray day . Catherine come out of the house . she be dress casually . she get into the Ferrari . int . he police car he stay behind she at a safe distance on the wind panoramic highway -- a two - lane mountain road which lead from stinson Beach into Marin County . she suddenly start speed up on this dangerous road , cut in and out , pass car very fast . he have to start cut around car to keep up . this woman really drive . he cut out and can barely pass a car without hit a grey line Tour Bus head - on . Close call : sheer drop on either side . he look frazzle . int . he police car he be behind she at a distance on a hilly mill Valley road -- little street , terrace hillside , sharp turn . he go slowly , look around , think he 's lose she . and then he see the black Ferrari park in front of a house obscure by hedge . he park the car a distance behind the Ferrari , sit there a long beat . he get out , go carefully up to the hedge , look . a small , nondescript house . he watch . he can not see anything inside the house . a beat , he reach over to the mailbox and open it . he take a envelope out , look at the name hazel dobkin . int . he police car - night he watch as she come out of the house . a frail old woman in she 70' be with she . she hug the old woman , get into the Ferrari , start it up . he wait a beat and then start after she . he stay behind she at a distance -- she be go slowly . and then she suddenly gun it , cut she light -- she wheel screech . he gun he car after she . he make a turn . she be go . there be a fork in the road . he turn one way , go a few hundred foot . nothing . blackness . he stop . nick ( quietly ) shit . int . he police car - night he pull he car up to she house at stinson Beach . the black Ferrari be in the driveway . a light go on in a upstairs bedroom . the curtain be draw . he see the outline of she body now . she start to take she clothes off -- there in the window , behind the curtain . he watch she body as she do a almost languorous strip . his eye be intense ... ravish . int . the detective bureau - night he be alone , nobody else in the big room . he sit in front of a computer . we see the screen . he have punch in hazel dobkins , wf , 145 albion RD. , mill valley . he be wait for a response . we see it come on screen nothing current . a long beat , as he stare at the screen , and then we see this word released , san quentin , JULY 7 , 1965 . we see he type in the word prior arrest record . a long beat , and then it come up homicide , JANUARY 10 , 1956 - san francisco he stare at the screen a long beat . gus ( behind he ) ai not you go nothin ' better to do than to come in here and jack off the damn machine ? nick ( after a beat ; lose in he thought ) what be you do here , pop ? gus ( grin ) I come in here to jack off the damn machine . ( a beat ) one dead psychology professor . noah goldstein . Dr. noah goldstein . and guess what ? he be she counselor . Nick look at he a beat . nick be she ever suspect ? gus no , sir . they never even get a statement from she . Nick sit back a long beat , he eye off somewhere . nick ( slowly ) do you remember a case -- 1956 -- hazel dobkin ? gus ( grin ) Hell yes ! could not get it outta my head for year . still can not . Nice little kid -- nice husband , be not porkin ' around -- no financial problem . one day -- outta the clear blue sky -- she do them . all of them . use a knife . he get for a wedding present . do not even deny it . sweet as honey . Said she do not know why she do it . Nick just stare at he . ext . the stinson beach house - next day he pull up to the house , get out of he unmark police car . he stand there a beat , think . he walk down to the beach entrance of the house . he hear a Rolling Stones song play inside . he stand there . the door suddenly open . Catherine stand there , smile . she wear very tight - fitting spandex leotard . catherine hi . he look at she a beat , then -- nick be I ... disturbing you ? catherine no. come in . they have they eye on each other . a beat , and she turn to go in . int . the stinson beach house she go in ahead of he -- he follow she inside . he watch she body . his movement be tentative , off-balance . she turn the Stones down . on a table by the window , he see a word processor . spread around it be newspaper clipping . they be all about he . we see the headline on one killer cop to face police review . she see he glance at the clip . catherine I be use you for my detective . in my book . you do not mind , do you ? she smile . he look at she , expressionless . catherine would you like a drink ? I be just go to have one . nick no , thanks . she go to the bar . catherine ( smile ) that 's right . you be off the Jack Daniels too , be not you ? she be make herself a drink . she take the ice out and then open a drawer and get a icepick . it have a fat wooden end . she use the icepick on the ice , she back to he . he watch she . nick I would like to ask you a few more question . catherine I would like to ask you some , too . she turn to he , icepick in hand , smile . catherine for my book . she turn back to the ice , work on it with the pick . she raise she arm , plunge it . raise it , plunge it . he watch she . nick ( wary ) what kind of question ? she put the icepick down , pour herself a drink , turn to he . catherine how do it feel to kill someone ? he look at she a long beat . nick ( finally ) you tell I . catherine I do not know . but you do . they eye be on each other . nick ( finally ) it be a accident . they get in the line of fire . catherine four shooting in five year . all accident . nick ( after a long beat ) they be drug busy . I be a vice cop . a long beat , as they look at each other . nick tell I about Professor goldstein . beat . catherine there 's a name from the past . nick you want a name from the present ? how about hazel dobkin ? she look at he a long beat , sip she drink , never take she eye off he . catherine noah be my counselor in my freshman year . ( she smile ) that 's probably where I get the idea for the icepick . for my book . funny how the subconscious work . ( a beat ) hazel be my friend . nick she wipe out she whole family . catherine yes . she 's help I understand homicidal impulse . nick do not you study it in school ? catherine only in theory . ( she smile ) you know all about homicidal impulse , do not you , shooter ? not in theory -- in practice . he stare at she a long beat . catherine ( quietly ) what happen , Nick ? do you get suck into it ? do you like it too much ? nick ( after a beat ) no . he stare at she , almost horrify . catherine ( quietly ) tell I about the coke , Nick . the day you shot that two tourist -- how much coke do you do ? she step closer to he . catherine tell I , Nick . she put she hand softly on he cheek , he grab she hand roughly , hold it . nick I do not . catherine yes , you do . they never test you , do they ? but Internal affair know . they be face to face . he be still hold she roughly by the hand . catherine you wife know , do not she ? she know what be go on . nicky get too close to the flame . nicky like it . he twist she arm back behind she -- they body be press against each other -- they eye digging into each other . catherine ( in a whisper ) that 's why she kill herself ? he be twist she arm , stare at she , pull she against he . we hear the door behind they . a beat , and he let she go , turn away from she . roxy stand there , stare at they . her hair be up . she wear a black motorcycle jacket , a black T-shirt , and black jeans and cowboy boot . catherine ( brightly ) hiya , hon . you two have meet , have not you ? roxy look at Nick . Catherine go to she , kiss she briefly on the lip , stand there with she arm around she -- both of they look at Nick . he walk by they , open the door to go , he face a mask . catherine you be go to make a terrific character , Nick . he do not look at she ; he 's go . int . beth gardner' office - day he come in . he look like he 's go to kill someone . a receptionist sit there . receptionist she 's on the phone -- she will be right with you , detective -- he sweep by she into Beth 's inner office . she hang up when she see the look on he face . nick who have access to my file ? beth what be you talk about , Nick -- what 's wrong with you ? nick who 's get access to my goddamn file ? she get up -- he go closer to she ; she back away from he . beth nobody . he go closer to she ; she back away . beth it 's a confidential psychiatric record , it would be illegal -- she back into a wall . she look very scared . he come very close to she -- put a arm behind she to the wall . nick do not , Beth . do not lie to I . she say nothing , look scared . nick ( suddenly ) it 's Internal affair , be not it ? beth no , Nick , please -- nick ( loud , hard ) who ? beth ( blurt it ) nilsen . int . the internal affayr division - day he storm into the big room . he see marty nilsen . he be sit behind he desk in he glass - enclose office inside this big room . about a dozen plainclothes policeman be in the big room . he go by they into nilsen 's office . int . martin nilsen's office he close the door . nilsen see the look on he face , back he chair away towards the wall . nilsen what do you want , curran ? he go to he , pick he up by he lapel , slam he against the wall . nick ( out of control ) you sell she the file , do not you ? nilsen ( scared ) what be you talk about ? nick ( out of control ) what would she pay you ? he slam he against the wall again . the glass explode behind they -- a chair come into the room . Nick be freeze , hold nilsen by the throat against the wall . one of the i.a. guy let he go , curran . Nice and easy . he look back , see two Internal affair man with they gun draw , point at he . a beat , and he let nilsen go . he turn calmly and start to walk out . nilsen you be on sick leave , shooter . as of right now . pending the outcome of a psychiatric evaluation . ext . the police parking lot - dusk he get into he old porsche . he start the car up . Gus moran come up to the window . they look at each other a gus what 's goin ' down , son ? nick nothin ' ( a beat ) I will be okay , pop . they look at each other a long beat . gus no , sir . you will not . there 's smoke off yonder on the horizon . they be gonna want you badge . nick ( after a long beat ) I get tired of be play with . gus ( after a beat ) you sure get real conclusive way of demonstrate that . they almost smile at each other , then -- nick ( almost to himself ) she know where I live and breathe . she 's come after I . gus ( after a long beat ) what be it you get between you ? nick ( after a beat ; to himself ) I do not know . gus somethin ' , though . a beat , and then Nick look at he . nick yeah . ( a beat ) somethin ' . int . he apartment - night he sit in front of the tv , watch a lame sitcom . a bottle of Jack Daniels be half - empty in front of he . he be smoking a cigarette . beth ( behind he ) I still have my key . he look at she , look away at the sitcom . nick I do not want to see you , Beth . he keep watch the sitcom . a long beat . beth ( suddenly angry ) damnit ! do not shut I out ! you owe I more than that ? he go to the tv , shut it off . nick I do not owe you anything ; you do not owe I anything . ( he look at she ) we go to bed -- what be it ? -- ten or fifteen time ? ( he smile ) it be not memorable enough to carry any obligation . beth ( after a long beat ) sometimes I really hate you . nick ( smile ) yeah ? well why do not you find some friendly therapist and work some of that hostility out . ( a beat ) but take my advice . put a little more life into it than you usually do . a beat , and she suddenly hurl herself at he in absolute fury , try to claw at he face . he grab she , block she . they look at each other a long beat and then he let she go . the emotion of the moment be go now -- they turn away from each other . beth ( finally ) I be sorry ... I do not usually ... act like that . Nick look at she a beat . nick how could you let he have my file , Beth ? a long beat , then -- beth ( not look at he ) he be go to recommend you discharge a behavioral disability . I make a deal with he . he could review the session note himself . it be the only way I could keep you on the force . she look at he . he look away from she . nick you do it for I . beth yes . I care about you . I do it for you . he turn away from she . nick ( quietly ) get out of here , Beth . ( a beat ) please ? he go to the Jack Daniel 's , pour some more . she look at he pour it and turn to go . int . he apartment - night he be asleep on the couch -- the tv be on to a blank screen . the Jack Daniel 's be mostly go . the phone on the coffee table ring . it ring again . he wake , pick it up , listen . nick yeah . ( a beat ) okay . he hang it up . he sit there a long beat , stare . he look disturb . ext . the alley behind the ten - four bar - night he walk down the alley . there be lot of police car , flash light , uniform man , coroner 's man . as he walk down the alley , he see Lt. Walker , Gus , and several of the Internal affair man we see earlier in nilsen 's office . they be stand around a lincoln town car . they look at he as he come closer to they -- then move aside . he can see into the car now . Martin nilsen lie against the front seat . he have be shot in the head . Nick stare . gus one shot . Close range . probably a .38 caliber revolver . Nick stare at nilsen 's body . they watch he . lo. WALKER give I you gun , Nick . a beat , and then Nick give he he gun . Walker smell it , shake he head , give it to one of the Internal affair man . nick ( to Walker ) you think I -- gus I do not son , but I get the minority opinion . int . police interrogation room - night he sit in the same room that Catherine sit in -- surround by four or five Internal affair man , Lt. Walker , Gus , and Captain talcott . Lt. Walker and Gus sort of sit back -- i.a. be run the investigation . the same police stenographer -- the same plain young woman -- be sit in the room who be there with Catherine . nick okay . I go after he . I lose my temper . a i.a. man do you have any evidence that he show you psychiatric file to anyone ? nick ( after a beat ) no . Beth gardner come into the room . they look at she . a i.a. man we will speak to you afterwards , Dr. gardner . Nick give she a look . beth I would like to sit - in if you do not mind . the i.a. man I would really rather -- talcott I do not see anything wrong with Dr. gardner sit - in if detective curran do not object . Nick look at she , shrug . a i.a. man where be you tonight ? nick Home . watch tv . a i.a. man all night ? nick yeah . a i.a. man be you drink ? he look at Beth . nick yeah , I be drink . a i.a. man when do you start drink again ? nick ( after a beat ) a couple day ago . beth I see detective curran at he apartment around ten o'clock . he be sober and lucid . I ask he in my capacity as he departmental therapist about he altercation with Lt. nilsen . he express regret and display no hostility . a i.a. man ( to Beth ) how long be you at he apartment ? beth about fifteen minute . I see there be no reason for my concern and leave . she and Nick look at each other . he look away and light a cigarette . a i.a. man there 's no smoking in this building . nick ( after a beat ) what be you gonna do -- charge I with smoking ? it be the exact line that Catherine use . a long beat . lo. WALKER I will ask you once , Nick -- for the record do you kill he ? nick no . they look at he a beat . nick come on -- I be go to storm into he office in front of everybody in the afternoon and then that night I be go to kill he ? I would have to be really dumb to do that . a i.a. man go after he before get you off the hook for kill he that 's you alibi . lt . WALKER like write a book about kill a guy get you off the hook for kill he . a i.a. man ( to Walker ) I do not understand . what be you talk about ? what book ? lo. WALKER ( to Nick ) private joke . nick I do not think it 's funny . gus ( grin ) well , hell , son , it 's get a certain ring to it , I will say that . int . police department - night he be by the elevator with Gus and Lt. andrew . he spot Beth go for the stairway . nick ( to Lt. andrew ) I will get my stuff tomorrow . int . the stairway nick Beth . she stop . he catch up to she . they walk down the flight together . they speak quietly . nick thank you . she look at he , smile . they keep walk down the step . beth it 's the least I could do ... consider I get you into this mess with that report . nick ( smile ) no . I mean it , thank you . she look at he , smile . beth how do you know Catherine tramell see my report ? nick she know stuff about I that only you know . beth ( after a beat ) she must really be something . ( she smile ) from a clinical point of view . nick what be she like in school ? beth I hardly know she . she give I the creep , though . I do not know why . ext . the build - night they get outside . Beth kiss he quickly , softly on the cheek . beth get some rest . promise ? he nod . she start walk toward she car . nick Beth . I do not mean what I say . about -- beth ( smile ) yes you do . I be a big girl . I can handle it . she go to she car . int . the detective bureau - next day he be clean he desk out , put thing into a duffel bag . only andrew be in the room . we see Lt. Walker sit in he glass - enclose office . he close the duffel bag , look at the place a long beat . andrew be watch he . he go up to andrew andrews ( after a beat ) take care , you hear ? nick ( after a beat ) do you find out about she parent ? andrews you be on leave , man . ( a beat ) you be on psycho leave . I be talk to a possible whacko here . nick you know I be whacko , Sam , what would you find ? a beat , and andrew open the file . andrews the boat blow . there be a leak in the gas line . there be two previous repair . there be a five - mile policy on both of them . a real heavy investigation . Zilch . goose-egg . it be a accident . nick ( after a beat ) thanks . he see Lt. Walker look at he . he go into Walker 's office . lo. WALKER i.a. 's go to talk to you more about nilsen . they be handle the investigation , we be not . stay in touch with Dr. gardner , it will help on the evaluation . nick ( after a beat ) she kill he . lo. WALKER Beth ? now you have get Beth kill people ? nick Catherine tramell . it 's part of she game . lo. WALKER first you have get she buy you file . now you have get she kill nilsen . forget she , willya ? go someplace . sit in the sun . get away from this goddamn fog . get she out of you system . nick you do not but it , do you ? she know nobody would but it . ( he smile ) she know I would say she do it . and she know nobody would buy it . Lt. Walker look at he a long beat . lo. WALKER she 's screwing with you head , Nick . pretty soon you be gonna look in the mirror and think you be see she . ext . he apartment it be in the marina District ; on a street like cervantes . he get out of he old porsche ; he see she black Ferrari there . she be sit on the front stoop . she wear a indian jacket , jeans and a T-shirt . he go up to she . she look at he a beat . catherine I hear about what happen . what good 's a shooter without he gun ? she smile . nick ( a beat ) how exactly do you hear ? catherine ( after a beat ) I have attorney . they have friend . I have friend . money busy you a lot of attorney and friend . nick ( after a beat ) I do not know about that I do not have any money I do not have any attorney Gus be my only real friend . catherine ( smile ) I be not talk about real friend . why do not Gus like I . nick ( after a beat ) I like you . catherine do you ? nick ( smile ) yeah . would you like to come up and have a drink ? she look at he a beat . catherine I do not think you would ask I . he look at she a beat . nick ( smile ) I be not that easy to figure . they start walk inside . she walk ahead of he . he watch she . she turn suddenly . catherine you be not easy to figure . I be just very good at figure . nick ( after a beat ) do not get too cocky . catherine why not ? nick you can make a mistake . catherine ( smile ) not I . and she turn , head inside ; he follow she . int . he apartment - day they walk in . she look at the bareness of the place . catherine you should put some warmth into it . you do not want it to reflect on you personality . she turn , smile at he . he look at the bottle of Jack Daniel 's ; there 's not much leave . nick Jack Daniel 's okay ? it 's gonna have to be . catherine Fine . nick Ice ? catherine ( smile ) please . there be a palpable tension between they . he take the ice out , open a drawer , take out a icepick . catherine let I do that . you like to watch I do it , do not you ? she smile ; a beat and he hand she the icepick . she take it , start to we the icepick , she back to he . he light a cigarette . catherine can I have a cigarette , please ? I tell you you would start smoking again . he watch she work on the ice . catherine Light it for I , will you ? he do , step to she . she part she lip -- he put it on she lip , watch it . they eye be on each other . catherine thank you . she work on the ice again , open the cabinet for glass . nick what do you pay nilsen ? catherine ( do not look at he ) be not he the policeman that you shot , shooter ? she make the drink . nick what if I ask you not to call I shooter ? catherine what if I call you nicky ? nick ( after a beat ) my wife use to call I that . catherine ( smile ) I know , nicky , but I like it . she hand he he drink , hold hers . catherine cheer . my friend call I Catherine . nick what do Bobby vasquez use to call you ? catherine bitch mostly , but he mean it affectionately . you do not have any coke , do you ? I love coke and Jack Daniel 's . nick ( after a beat ) there 's pepsi in the fridge . catherine ( smile ) it 's not the same thing , be it ? they look at each other a long beat , they eye very involved . nick ( quietly ) where 's it go ? what do you want from I ? they face be close together . catherine say -- " what do you want from I , Catherine ? " nick ( after a beat , quietly ) what do you want from I , Catherine ? a beat , and she suddenly turn away . catherine ( brightly ) I bring you something . she go to she purse , take a paperback book out of it . we see it -- the first time , by Catherine Smith . he look at it . catherine ( smile ) be not you go to thank I ? nick what 's it about ? catherine a boy kill he parent . they have a plane . he make it look like a accident . he stare at she . a long beat , then -- nick why do he do it ? catherine to see if he can get away with it . they look at each other a beat . nick when do you write it ? catherine ( after a beat ) you mean do I write it before my parent die ? nick yes . catherine no . I write it year afterwards . he watch she ; she have turn away from he -- and then she turn back to he in a different mood . catherine ( smile ) you be not go to stop follow I around now just because you be on leave -- be you ? nick ( after a beat ) no . catherine good . I would miss you . ( a beat ) you can get into trouble , though . you be not really a cop anymore . nick I will risk it . catherine why take the risk ? nick to see if I can get away with it . she look at he ; she smile . nick how 's you new book ? catherine I be get deeper and deeper into my character . they look at each other a long beat . catherine thanks for the drink . he nod , say nothing as she go to the door -- catherine I be leave the house around midnight . in case you be go to follow I . ( a beat ) I be go down to johnny 's club . nick ( after a beat ) I will meet you there . she look at he a long beat ; and she 's go . int . the stairway as she be go down the stair , Gus moran be come up . he do a real double - take as he go by she . catherine ( smile ) hi , Gus . he look at he a long beat , and he go upstairs , into Nick 's apartment . int . nick's apartment Nick stand at the window , watch she outside . a long beat , and he look at Gus . gus ( after a beat ) forgive I for askin' , son , and I do not mean to belabor the obvious , but why be it that you have get you head so far up you own ass ? nick ( after a beat ) she want to play ? Fine . I can play . gus ( after a beat ) everybody that she play with die . nick ( after a beat , quietly ) I know what that 's like . int . johnny boi' club - night it be dark , cavernous there be a thousand people in here . the music be ear-splitt , pulsing . light flash . the floor be huge . at one time , this club be a church . he walk around the side , a drink in he hand , look for she . he do not see she . the he catch a glimpse of roxy . she be dance with another woman . he watch she . she be wear pants and a jacket , she hair off to the side . she look very masculine tonight . roxy laugh at the other woman , leave she on the floor , start move through the sea of dancer . he follow she through the press of body . she go towards the men' room . she walk in . int . the men' room it be large , dark , shadowy it be once the sacristy . a crowd scene man and woman . roxy press through they . a haze of crack smoke ; we see people do popper . she open the door to a toilet stall , walk in . Nick be behind she . as the door open , he see Catherine . she wear a black motorcycle jacket , a very short skirt , stiletto heel . her hair be up . he make - up be severe , in the darkness , in the shadow she look about 19 . a hot 19 . a hot flash - trash 19 . she be in there with two man -- one of they be a big , body - build black guy . she have a vial of something near she face . she see Nick watch she . she whisper something to the tall black guy . he look at Nick , smile a condescending smile . the door to the stall close int . the club he be walk along the side , watch the floor , a drink in he hand . the song end and it seques right into the Stones 's " miss you . " he see she . her black leather jacket be off . she wear a very tight , flimsy top , the short skirt , the heel . she be dance with roxy and the black guy . he watch she move ... watch she body . she turn , see he , dance , watch he ... get between roxy and the black guy ... they sandwich she with they body ... keep move , turn ... eye on he ... play to he with she body . he watch . a long beat , and he go up to they . his movement be almost trance - like . they look at each other . a long beat . Catherine stop dance . he reach for she . she move away . a beat they eye be on each other . she move a step towards she . a beat , as they look at each other ... and they start to move together . they eye be on each other as they move , the eye burn ... the movement tighter , hotter ... and he suddenly grab she and kiss she ... as they keep move ... the song seques into the Stones 's " gimme shelter . " she be melting into he now , kissing he ... tex watch , expressionless ... the black guy be go ... he hold she by the back of the neck , kissing she ... they body press into each other ... he hand be on she butt now , pull she into he now , almost hold she up now ... and then under she skirt , under she panty ... as he kiss she neck . people around they stare ... he move he hand under she top as she keep move with the song , she head back , she back almost arching ... cup she breast now ... she keep move ... the song sweeping they into its rhythm " it 's just a shot away , it 's just a kiss away , a kiss away ... " they devour each other . right there on the floor . barely able to hold it back . as tex watch expressionless . as people stop dance and stare . dissolve to : int . her bedroom it be dark . we can not see clearly . a side table , line of cocaine on a small mirror . a CD player the Stones play " Love in vain . " there be mirror all over the wall and ceiling . they be in bed . the bed be big and brass . atop she ... he kiss she neck ... he hand under she , raise she ... he move down , kiss she breast ... put he mouth around a breast ... she arch , move ... he kiss she shoulder ... bite into it ... she open she mouth ... we hear no cry ... we hear the Stones . dissolve to : int . her bedroom - later the Stones play " monkey man . " atop he ... she kiss he chest , lick it , lower she head ... lower ... lower ... he arch he back ... she mouth come up ... she mouth on he lip again ... he turn she . atop she ... he move she leg apart ... ( the camera be behind they ) ... she hold he back ... dig in she nail ... rake he back with they ... dig in again ... he back bleed ... he move inside she ... harder ... the nail dig ... blood trickle down he back . dissolve to : int . her bedroom - later the Stones play " Wild horse . " he be behind she ... she be on she stomach ... he rise she by she hip ... kiss she back ... race she spine with he tongue ... trace she lower back ... he kneel ... move into she ... kiss she neck ... he finger be in she mouth ... as he move . dissolve to : int . her bedroom - later the Stones play " Sympathy for the Devil . " atop he ... she lean close over he face , she tongue in he mouth ... kneel over he ... she move he arm above he head ... move higher atop he ... she breast in he face ... she reach over to the side ... a white silk scarf be in she hand ... she move higher above he ... kneel over he face ... move oh-so-slightly ... he face strain towards she . the scarf in both hand now ... she start to tie he hand with it ... he eye be open , watch she ... she tie it loosely , gently ... it be not tight ... but he hand be tie to the brass bed . she kiss he ... move she hip lower now ... over he chest ... lower ... and he be inside she ... she arm above he ... he eye open ... she kiss he neck ... bite but not hard ... move ... grind hard against he now .. she be on she knee ... head arch back .. she breast high .. still grind . her back arch , strain ... he strain toward she ... she hold she arm high ... she come out of the arch ... shiver ... fall over he ... the scarf loosen ... he arm come forward and hold she close .. closer ... closer ... as she move with slight ... shivery ... movement . dissolve to : int . her bedroom - night it be dark , quiet . pindrop quiet . he be sit on the side of the bed , he head down ... he back a line trace of dry blood . she be asleep nest to he , naked . he look around the room . the white scarf around the bedpost ... the coke on the side- table ... clothes all over the floor . he get up , walk into the bathroom . int . her bedroom - night the light be too bright . he look at himself in the mirror . he pour the water , lower he head , put cold water on he face . a long beat , he come back up , open he eye . roxy be in the mirror behind he . she startles he . he look at she in the mirror a long beat , do not turn . she be expressionless ; she wear the same thing she wear at the club . he lower down into the basin again , put more water on he face , come back up , use a towel this time , finish with the towel . she be still look at he in the mirror the same way . he look at she in the mirror , do not turn . roxy ( quietly ) if you do not leave she alone , I will kill you . he look at she a beat , then turn -- nick tell I something , rocki . man-to - man. ( he smile ) I think she 's the fuck of the century , do not you ? for a second , she look like she 's go to spring at he , then control it and turn to go . nick how long you be here , rock ? you like to watch , do you ? roxy ( after a beat , look at he ) she like I to watch . and she turn and she be go . int . her bedroom - night he lie on the bed in the dark , quiet room . he be on he back , he eye open . he have he arm around she . she be asleep . catherine ( murmur ) nicky . he look at she . int . her bedroom - morning he wake up . she be not there . he look around . the white scarf be go . the coke on the side table be go . in its place , a scrawle note " the Beach -- C . " ext . her stinson beach house - day a cold and foggy day . he get out of he old porsche , walk down the driveway . he see she out on the beach by the water . a small bonfire be near she . he walk towards she . roxy watch he , expressionless , from a upstairs window of the house . he do not see she . he walk up to Catherine . she have a indian blanket over she and be wear a black feel English derby hat , she hair loose underneath . nick ( expressionless ) ' Morning . she do not look at he -- he smile slowly . she do not smile and she do not seem to like he smile , either . she walk along the beach . he walk with she . a long beat . nick I think roxy get jealous . she look at he . he look like he be try to hide a smile . catherine ( after a beat ) she 's see I fuck plenty of other guy . that wipe the hide smile off he face . he look at she , walk with she . a long beat . nick maybe she see something she do not see before . catherine she 's see everything before . she look at he ; he 's smile now . nick she 's never see we before . he 's serious . she look at he . she smile slowly . catherine do you think it be so special ? nick I tell she it be the fuck of the century . he can not hide he smile anymore . she say nothing , keep walk . nick ( after a beat ) what do you think ? catherine I think it be a pretty good beginning . they look at each other . they keep walk . a long beat . nick how about roxy ? be she a fuck to the century , too ? catherine ( after a beat ) do you want she to join we sometime ? he look at she : she 's serious . nick I do not mean for I -- I mean for you . she look at he . catherine I be not as judgmental about woman as I be about man . they keep walk . a long beat . nick how 's you shoulder ? catherine Fine . how 's you back ? nick it hurt . she stop , look at he . a long beat . catherine we be alike , you know . a beat , he look at she -- nick be you kid ? you think this be my idea of morning - after conversation ? catherine ( keep walk ) do you want personal insight and adolescent secret ? I do not do that . the keep walk . nick you mean get inside you be not go to get I any deeper into you character . she look a he . a beat . she smile slowly . catherine not unless you confuse my character with my body part . they keep walk . a long beat . catherine be you frighten , nicky ? he look at she . nick ( after a beat ) I think that business with the scarf be pretty nifty . catherine I tell you I have a vivid imagination . they look at each other . a long beat . catherine you should not play this game . nick ( after a beat ) I do not have a choice . they eye be into each other . catherine ( after a beat ) you be in over you head . nick ( after a beat ) I know . a long beat . they look at each other . catherine I have get a book to write . I will see you around , shooter . a beat , and she walk away towards the house . he watch she . int . a country and western bar - night Nick walk in . waylon jenning be on the jukebox . Gus be sit at the bar wear jeans , a cowboy shirt , and a cowboy hat . Nick go , sit next to he . nick ( grin ) what be this place ? hillbilly heaven ? he glance around . gus ( loud ) where in the fuck you be ? I go over to you place . he be drunk , slurring . Nick see it . nick easy there , partner -- I be not there . gus I go over last night , too . nick ( grin ) I be not there last night , either . Gus take a long , drunken look at he . gus you ... fuck she ! goddamn dumb sonofabitch ... you fuck she ! goddamn , you be one dumb sonofabitch -- nick ( try to quiet he ) I be not gonna get aids , pop -- do not worry about it . I always use a rubber . gus ( loud ) I do not give a ... flyin ' ... chili - bean ... fart about aids ! nick ( grin ; quietly ) you oughta use a rubber , pop . you really should . gus ( loud ) what in the hell for ? you think I be gettin ' any at my age ? I do not like blue-haire woman . I do not like them . nick ( straight ) you do not like punk rocker ? gus ( loud ) say what ? int . a diner - night Gus be eat chili , drink coffee . hick keep pour he more coffee . nick ( grin ) you feel better ? gus ( loud ) I feel fine ! Nick pour he more coffee ; Gus guzzle it . gus ( loud ) how could you fuck she ? it get some look from the other people in she -- Nick shush he , pour he more coffee . he drink it . gus ( quietly ) you wanna die , son ? what be it -- that goddamn tourist -- you still feel so bad about that you be wigglin ' you way into a icepi -- ( suddenly louder ) we get too many goddamn tourist comin ' here anyway -- plenty more goddamn tourist where they goddamn come from . some people here really give he the look now . Gus look angrily away from they , drink more coffee . nick ( after a beat ; quietly ) I be not afraid of she . gus ( loud ) why the hell not ? nick I do not know . I be just not . gus ( loud ) that 's she pussy talkin ' -- he get a real nasty look from a very fat woman eat a cheeseburger . he wink at she . the woman look away from he , shaking she head . gus ( smile ; to Nick ) it be not you brain . they look at each other a long beat . Gus drink more coffee . he sit back , pull he cowboy hat over he eye . a long beat . gus ( quietly ) i.a. do do a track on Lt. Martin D for dickhead nilsen . they find a safety deposit box with fifty - thousand dollar in it , take out three month ago , use that one time . he look at the fat woman again -- leer at she obscenely . she look away . nick ( after a long beat ) it do not make sense . she do not know I three month ago . gus maybe it be not she that pay he . maybe the money be for something ' else . how the fuck do I know ? I be just a old city cowboy tryin ' not to fall outta he saddle . Nick look at he and smile a thin smile ; he 's not there , he 's completely preoccupy . int . a car - night someone be watch as he and Gus come out of the diner . ext . the STREET - night he stand by Gus as Gus get into he batter , rusted , vintage cadillac . nick you all right , pop ? you want I to drive you ? gus in that little pissant car of yours ? Hell , no . I be not gettin ' no back pain disability retirement -- I be gettin ' I a full pension and a real gold - plate seiko watch . nick come on , I will drive you in this thing . gus you think I would let you drive my cadillac car ? I be not lettin ' no hear-up-his - ass person drive my cadillac car . and he step on the gas and roar out of there , force Nick to get out of the way . Nick look after he a long beat , shake he head . int . a car - night someone be follow he slowly as he walk down the street . he turn a corner , walk down the alley towards he porsche , park behind the country and western bar . the car suddenly speed up -- roar down on he from the back , full bore . ext . the alley he hurl himself across the porsche 's hood ... barely avoid the car . he see the car at the end of the alley , turn out it be a black Ferrari . int . he porsche he gun it down the alley , make a wild turn in the direction the Ferrari turn . ext . the STREET the porsche dodge around car very fast , almost side - swiping they , look almost out of control , its motor scream . int . the porsche he see the Ferrari turn ahead . when he get to where it turn , he turn wildly . ext . the STREET the Ferrari be make fast , wild turn into little street in North Beach , its motor scream -- the porsche be gain ground behind it , make turn . int . the porsche the Ferrari be up ahead and make a wild right turn onto a road go up a hillside . he yank the wheel hard . ext . the step the porsche rocket up the step -- bounce high into the air , almost out of control . int . the porsche as it crest the step and get to the street . Nick gun it and it look like it fly high down the hill - side into blackness . ext . the STREET but it land on more step -- head downward -- buck , almost spin , it bounce onto the next street . int . the porsche another set of step lead up he gun it , it rocket up , roar , buck -- ext . the STREET and land on the next street . Nick make a wild right turn onto the street . and the black Ferrari appear from around a curve to the right , head right for he . int . the porsche Nick step on the gas and head head - on for the Ferrari . the Ferrari scream head - on for he . ext . the STREET and at the last moment , in the game of chicken , the Ferrari try to swerve around he on this narrow road , go out of control and over the side , turn over and over as it roll down the hillside . ext . the hillside the Ferrari have land right - side up . he run down the hillside and get to it . a beat , and he open the car door . roxy lie hunch over the wheel , she eye open . her neck be break . she be dead . ext . the hillside - night Police light have be set up . he stand there with Lt. Walker and several of the Internal affair man . lo. WALKER tell I again . I want to hear you say it again . nick ( after a beat ; sheepish ) it be a accident . lt . WALKER you be drive around North Beach for no particular reason and this car will not get out of the way -- nick I do not think she mean to go off the hill , do you ? lo. WALKER ( quietly ) do not fuck with I , Nick . I do not need a reason to put you ass in a sling . he and Nick look at each other a long beat . andrew come up to they with a piece of paper in he hand . andrews full name , roxanne hardy . last address -- cloverdale , California . no prior , no conviction . the car be register to Catherine tramell . Lt. Walker look at Nick like he 's go to kill he . Nick look calmly away . lo. WALKER you know she , do not you ? nick Gus and I talk to she at tramell 's house . all we do be write she name down . lo. WALKER ( after a beat ) I tell you to stay away from tramell . nick ( after a beat ; smile ) yeah . but you do not tell I to stay away from she car . Walker look at he in absolute disbelief . a i.a. man I want you in Dr. gardner 's office at nine o'clock . you be out of control , curran . nick ( to the i.a. man ) who be you guy gonna sell my file to this time ? they stare at he . he watch as roxy 's body be take away . int . a police conference room - day he walk in . he look good , in control . Beth gardner be sit there with two middle - age men , both of they wear suit , who smile and scrutinize he the instant he walk in the door . beth hello , Nick . this be Dr. myron and R. mcelwaine . they have be ask to consult with I on this evaluation . they shake hand with he . dr . myron sit down , Nick . Nick give he a look : what do he think he be go to do -- stand there ? he sit down , look at they . a beat , as they look at he , then -- dr . mcelwaine ( courtly ) Nick -- when you recollect you childhood , be you recollection pleasing to you ? Nick look at they a long beat in disbelief . nick ( calmly , directly ) number one I do not remember how often I use to jack off , but it be a lot . number two I do not get piss off at my dad -- even after I be old enough to know what he and mom be do in the bedroom . number three I do not look in the toilet before I flush it . number four I do not wet the bed and have not for some time . number five you can go fuck yourselves because I be out of here . int . the corridor he be walk away quickly . Beth be with he , try to keep up . she be very angry . beth what be you problem ? I be try to help you . why will not you let I help you ? nick I do not need any help . beth yes you do . something 's on with you . ( a beat ) you be sleep with she , be not you ? a beat , he stop look at she , then keep walk . nick what be this interest you have get in she ? beth my interest be in you , not in she . she seduce people , she manipulate -- nick I think you hardly know she . beth I know the type . I be a psychologist . he stop , look at she . nick ( after a beat ) that mean you manipulate people too , do not it , Beth ? you be a practice psychologist -- that mean you be better at it than she be . she look at he a long beat . beth ( quietly ) I feel sorry for you , Nick . a beat , and she turn and walk away . ext . road to stinson house - day Nick be drive down wind road to stinson house . he be drive very fast , pass other car on the wind and twist road . int . the stinson beach house - day Nick enter and shut door . look around , he do not see she . nick Catherine ! ( after a beat ) Catherine ! finally he see she sit by the window . he walk over to she . catherine ( near tear ) I should have know . I come into the house when you be down on the beach . she look at I so strangely . she leave right after you . ( a beat ) I should not have let she watch we . she want to watch I all the time . she try to kill you , do not she ? nick ( a beat ) do you like she to watch ? catherine ( a long beat ) do you think I tell she to kill you ? nick ( softly , with intensity ) no. catherine ( after a beat , near tear ) everybody that I care about die . she be about to break into uncontrolable sobbing . Nick put he arm around she . nick ( soothing ) it 's ok . it 's ok . catherine ( quietly , almost begging ) make love to I . int . bedroom - night they be see roll and turn around on each other . they love make be sensual , sincere . later in bed . nick ( calmly , but seriously ) do you think she kill johnny boz ? catherine ( surprised , startle ) for what ... to set I up ? she love I she would not frame I . nick ( a beat ) maybe she get jealous of johnny boz , too . catherine ( after a beat ) no , she do not ... she never get jealous before ... she get excited . ( a beat ) I do not have luck with woman . there be this girl I meet while I be in college . I sleep with she once . she start follow I around , take my picture . she dyed she hair , copy my clothes . Lisa something ... oberman . it be awful . a long beat , he look at she . nick I think you do not do adolescent secret . catherine ( after a beat ) I never have before . ext . the deck - morning it be a bright , sunshiny day . he be out there look at the water . she come up behind he , hug he . catherine ( full of life ) be not it just beautiful ? I love it here like this . he look at she . nick ( cold ) we be still play game , be not we ? she look hurt . catherine no . nick ( cold ) no ? catherine no more game , Nick . I be tired of play game ! they have they eye on each other . nick then tell I about nilsen . she turn away from he . he watch she . catherine you will not believe I . nick try I . a beat , she look at he . catherine I pay he $ 50,000 in cash for you psychiatric file . nick ( after a beat ) when ? catherine about three month before I meet you . nick why ? she turn away from he . catherine I would read about you shooting in the papers . I decide to write a book about a detective . I want to know my character . nick you pay $ 50,000 for you character ? catherine I would have pay more . I want to know everything about you . then you come down here after johnny get kill ... it give I a chance to get to know my character better . nick ( after a long beat ) what about the other night . what about last night ? be that to get to know you character ? catherine ( after a beat ) maybe I be lose interest in my book . they eye be on each other . catherine do you believe I ? nick ( after a beat ) I do not know . catherine I will convince you . and she kiss he slowly , with more and more heat , on the lip . the cordless phone on the deck table go off . it keep ringing . she break finally from the kiss , pick it up . catherine hello ? she listen a beat , then hand he the phone . catherine it 's gus-who-do not -like-me . he take the phone . nick Catherine say you do not like she . int . the detective bureau - day gus ( on the phone ) she 's right . you get a icepick in you yet ? ext . her deck - stinson Catherine see he smile . catherine what do he say ? nick he ask if I have a icepick in I yet . catherine ( smile ) funny . int . the detective bureau - day gus ( on the phone ) you know that stuff they say about how you can judge people by they friend ? ext . her deck nick I do not believe it . int . the detective bureau - day gus why not ? nick ( smile ) you be my friend , Gus . she watch he . int . the detective bureau - day gus ( seriously ) I be gonna make you believe in it , friend . int . cloverdale police department - day in closeup : we see a large , glossy photograph of roxy . she look about thirteen . she have brace in she tooth . Nick be look at the photo -- it be in a file in he hand . he sit there with Gus in front of a woman juvenile officer . he turn the file and we see a glossy of a little boy in a pool of blood . Nick look up at the woman . nick ( after a beat ) how old be she when this happen ? the woman fourteen . we seal juvenile record until they be decease . that 's why you do not find it in you computer . gus what be the motive ? the woman she say she do not know herself , just sort of do it on impulse . ( she shrug ) the razor just happen to be there . they stare at she . the woman that 's what she say . int . cloverdale police department - day it be a small , old , rural buildinga lot of four-h type stuff on the wall . nick I do not understand what the hell 's go on here , pop . gus ai not that hard , son . this young farmgirl , she get tired of all that attention goin ' to she little brother -- she fix them . just like ' ole hazel dobkin fix she whole family -- except young roxy here , she do not use a wedding present . she use daddy 's razor . ext . the cloverdale police department they be go to they car , park side by side . the porsche look pretty badly bang up . gus it sure make you wonder what they talk about when they set themselves down in front of the campfire at night . you ever meet any of she friend who have not kill somebody . Nick look at he . gus it musta beat you ordinary everyday girl talk . Nick get into he car , sit there a beat . nick I be not sure anymore she do it . gus ( after a beat ) which one you talkin ' about now , son ? we know ole hazel do it ; we know young roxy do it -- and the other one well , hell , she 's get that magna come lawdy pussy on she that do fry up you brain . Nick look at he . int . the registrar's office - U.C. berkeley a young woman be check a computer . Nick be with she . the woman Anderson . Jack W. Donald M. I be sorry . no Lisa . nick do you check all four year ? the woman yes I do . nick ( in disbelief ) can you check again ? she give he a look , but punch it in again . the woman no Lisa Anderson , detective . nick ( after a beat ) can there be some mistake ? the woman ( strain patience ) only if you be make it . he look at she . ext . catherine's house on divisadero - day he get out of the porsche , start to go in . he look disturb Catherine come out of the house with hazel dobkin , the old woman we see with she in mill Valley . Nick watch they a beat , then go up to they . catherine hazel , this be Nick . I tell you all about he . this be hazel dobkin . hazel ( smile ) you be the shooter , be not you ? how be you ? he look at she a long beat . nick Fine . thank you . he look at she sort of warily . nick ( to Catherine ) can I talk to you a minute ? catherine ( to hazel ) honey , why do not you go in the car ? I will be right there . the old woman start go to the Ferrari . hazel ( brightly ) Goodbye , shooter . Nick look at hazel a beat , then at Catherine . nick you like to hang out with murderer or what ? do you know roxy -- catherine of course I know . he look at she a long beat . catherine ( casually ) look . sometimes when I do my research , I get involved with people . it happen with you , too . she smile . he look at she , do not know what to say . catherine killing be not like smoking . you can quit . he look at she what do she say ? catherine ( preoccupy ) I have go to go . I promise to get she home by six o'clock . she just love " America 's most want . " America 's most want ? she turn to go . nick there be no Lisa Anderson at Berkeley when you be there . she stop , look at he a beat . catherine what be you do , check up on I ? what for ? he say nothing . a long beat , she look hurt . catherine ( after a beat ) Henderson . and she 's go . int . a phone booth - day he be on the phone . nick Henderson . Lisa Henderson . with a H. he wait . nick you do ? int . the detective bureau - night he sit in front of a computer screen with andrew . andrews I can get my butt kick for this . you be not suppose to be in here . nick it 's not gonna take long , Sam . we see the computer screen . the screen say lisa henderson dmv license check we wait and then we see the word 1983 renewal -- elizabeth gardner , 147 queenston drive , salinas , cal . Nick stare at the screen . nick bring it up , will you , Sam ? a beat , and then we see the license itself it be Beth gardner on the photo . Nick stare . andrews hey , that 's Dr. gardner , be not it ? nick bring 1976 up . a beat , and the license come up . we see a young Beth gardner on the photo . she have blonde hair . Nick stare . int . beth gardner' apartment - night she walk in . the apartment be dark . nick you should not leave you door open . she be startle . beth ( after a beat ) I do not . something 's wrong with my lock . a beat , she look at he . beth ( cold ) what do you want , Nick ? nick ( quietly ) tell I about Catherine . she look at he a long beat , then turn away -- beth she tell you , do not she ? nick ( after a beat ) what do she tell I , Beth ? beth ( after a long beat ) I sleep with she once in school . ( a beat ) I be just a kid . I be experiment . it be just that one time . ( a beat ) she develop a... fixation ... on I . she style she hair like mine . she wear the same kind of clothes I do . it scared I . she look at he , see he look . beth be not that what she tell you ? he look at she a long beat . nick she tell I it be you . you wear the same kind of clothes . you dyed you hair blonde . a long beat as they look at each other . beth I do dye my hair . it do not have anything to do with she . I be a redhead for a while , too . nick ( after a beat ) do you know noah goldstein ? beth I have he in two class . nick you see all the report , Beth ! phil have you copy . you never say anything ! beth ( after a beat ) what do I say -- hey , listen , guy , I be not gay , but I do fuck you suspect . ( she turn away ) I be embarrassed . it 's the only time I have be with a woman . she turn to he . beth she 's really sick you know . do not you know what she 's do ? she know I go to Berkeley . she know I know noah . she make up that story about I . she 's hand you somebody who 's obsessed with he she . nick she do not hand you to I . she do not even know who you be . she tell I about Lisa Henderson . beth she know you would find out who Lisa Henderson be . you be a good cop -- what do she do ? tell you casually and make it seem irrelevant ? ( she smile ) do she tell you in bed , Nick ? that 's how I would do it . Nick look at she a long beat . nick why do you change you name ? beth I get marry . ( a beat ) he be on staff at the clinic . I be down in salinas . it do not ... last long . he get up . he look at she a long beat . beth Nick -- do you really think I ... that I could kill someone ... I never even meet johnny boz . what about nilsen ? what possible motive would I have to kill he ? he turn to go . nick you should do something about this lock . beth she 's evil . she 's brilliant . be careful , Nick . he look at she . ext . he apartment - night he get out of he porsche . he walk toward the door . int . he apartment house - the stairway he start go up the dark stairway . there be a hand on he neck . he spin . catherine ( smile ) do I scare you , Nick ? he look at she , do not say anything . catherine ( smile ) I just think I would surprise you . ( a beat ) what 's the matter ? nick ( after a beat ) I find Lisa Henderson . catherine do you ? what 's she do ? he look at she , do not say anything . catherine you be not go to tell I what she 's do . ( a beat ) I think we be not play game anymore . nick ( after a beat ) I do , too . ( a beat ) she tell I it be backwards -- she say you even style you hair the way she do . Catherine look at he a beat , then smile . catherine and you believe she ? I even go down to the campus police and make out a report about she . he just look at she . catherine you still think I kill people , do not you ? nick ( after a beat ) no . catherine liar . and she 's go . int . campus police record room - berkeley - day he stand with a old campus cop . he be go through file . campus cop who would you say you be with ? nick homicide . San Francisco . he stop at a file , open it . campus cop do not you guy communicate over there ? you must be the same way we be . Nick do not get it . campus cop there be a report about Lisa Henderson -- January , 1977 -- the file 's not here . nick what do you mean it 's not here ? campus cop San Francisco p.d. detective nilsen . Internal affair . you know he ? tell he we want it back . he 's have it a whole year . Nick say nothing . int . he apartment - day he and Gus sit there -- they look tired , upset . gus so nilsen have a report on she -- so what . you do not know what the hell be in it ? nick Catherine tell I what be in it . gus if she 's tell you the truth . nick do not you get it , Gus ? if Beth kill johnny boz to frame Catherine -- she would not want anyone to know what happen at Berkeley . it give she the motive to kill nilsen . gus how do she know nilsen know about it -- if it happen ? nick he be i.a . he probably ask she about it . Gus think about it . gus she would have to be nuttier than a twenty - pound Christmas fruitcake . she 's not the one who hang out with multiple murderer -- you girlfriend be . nick she 's a writer -- it 's part of what she do . gus ( irate ) goddamn writer -- all they do be use up tree and ruin people 's eye . ( a beat ) there 's gotta be somebody at Berkeley who know what the hell happen . nick I know what happen . Catherine tell I what happen . gus ( after a beat , quietly ) you get goddamn tweety - bird flutterin ' around you head , that 's what you get . you think you be gonna fuck like mink , raise rugrat , and live happily ever after ? oh , man . int . the stairway - he apartment house - night he have he key out to open he door . he hear music inside . a beat , and he open the door . int . he apartment it be dark . we hear a Rolling Stones song . he see Catherine stand by a window , watch he . she wear black jeans and the black motorcycle jacket . they look at each other a long beat . nick how would you get in here ? catherine I decide to give you one more chance . ( a beat ) I miss you . nick you do not not see I long enough to miss I . catherine do you miss I ? nick no . catherine come over here and tell I no . he walk up close to she . nick no . she unzip she motorcycle jacket slowly . she wear nothing underneath it . nick that 's below the belt . she reach for he . catherine not yet it be not . she pull he close . catherine but we be get there . int . he live room - night they sit in the window seat , naked . his back be against the wall . she sit against he . he have he leg around she . they do not look at each other . she be smoking . nick I have to do some research tomorrow . catherine I be very good at research . I will help you . nick no thanks . catherine what be you research ? nick I be write a book . catherine ( smile ) really . what be you write about . nick a detective . he fall for the wrong girl . catherine ( smile ) what happen to they ? nick ( after a beat ) they fuck like mink , raise rugrat , and live happily ever after . catherine ( after a beat ) it will not sell . nick why not ? catherine ( after a beat ) somebody have to die . nick why ? catherine somebody always do . ext . the salinas clinic - day he walk in ; it be a small valley hospital . he go up to the desk . there be two woman there . nick hi , I be look for a Dr. gardner ? one woman ( after a beat ) we do not have a Dr. gardner on staff here . the other woman Dr. Joseph gardner ? nick ( after a beat ) yeah . the woman he die -- about five or six year ago . nick ( after a beat ) he be shot . int . salinas sheriff' office - day Nick sit with a sheriff 's detective . detective he be walk home from work . they only live a coupla block from the clinic . somebody drive by and shot he . nick what be the weapon ? detective .38 revolver . never recover . nick be there ever any suspect ? detective no suspect , no motive . unsolved . nick ( after a beat ) be he wife ever a suspect ? detective ( after a beat ) I have another one of you guy down here from Frisco -- about a year ago -- he ask I the same question . what 's this about anyway ? nick routine . detective yeah , he say it be routine too . now it 's two guy say it 's routine . nick do you remember he name ? detective ( after a long beat ) nope , can not say that I do . nick nilsen ? detective that 's he . a long beat , then -- nick be she ever a suspect ? detective nope. ( a beat ) there be some talk ; it never pan . nick what kind of talk ? detective the usual -- a girlfriend . nick he have a girlfriend ? detective nope . she do . ( a beat ) like I say . it never pan . nick ( after a beat , get up ) thanks . detective I hope I help you out . nick ( after a beat ) you do . ext . her house in stinson - afternoon he walk around the house ; he see she sit out on the deck , a portable word - processor in front of she . she be smoking . he go up to she . nick ( smile ) hi. I miss you . I finish my research . he move toward she . she move away , kill she cigarette . catherine I finish my book . nick how do it end ? catherine ( after a beat ) I tell you . she kill he . they look at each other a long beat . catherine ( quietly ) Goodbye , Nick . he stare at she . a long beat . catherine I finish my book . ( a beat ) do not you hear I ?* ( a beat ) you character 's dead . ( a beat ) Goodbye . he stare at she . he can not believe what she be say . catherine what do you want , Nick ? Flowers ? I will send you some flower . nick ( after a beat ) what be this -- some kind of ... joke ? ( a beat ; he almost smile ) be we play game again ? catherine ( after a beat ) the game be over . you be right . it be the fuck of the century , shooter . he stare at she . a voice inside Catherine ? Nick look -- hazel dobkin be there . Catherine still have she eye on he . catherine right there . a beat , and then she turn to go inside . hazel dobkin smile slowly at he . ext . the police parking lot - dusk he sit in he porsche , stare ahead . he be park next to gus' cadillac . Gus be suddenly there , onway to he car . gus ( excited ) Catherine tramell 's roommate she freshman year . I get a call from she . I have be call people who be in she dorm all day . she must have hear I be try to talk to she . she say she know all about Catherine and Lisa Henderson . she 's over in oakland . you wanna come with I ? Nick just stare ahead . gus you look like you see a ghost , son ? Nick look at he . int . gus ' cadillac - night Gus drive . gus ( excited ) johnny boz 's psychiatrist have a office on Van ness . guess who he share office space with ? Dr. Elizabeth gardner . Nick do not even respond . Gus look at he . gus what in hell 's the matter with you ? Nick do not say anything , stare ahead . ext . a office build - oakland - night Gus get out with Nick . it be a old building . gus where the hell you goin ' ? nick ( after a beat ) I be go with you . gus she say alone -- suite 405 . it be not gonna take long . a beat , and Nick get back in the car . int . the office build - night Gus be on the first floor . there be no one around . he hit the elevator button . a beat , and it come . he step in . int . the elevator - night he hit the button for the fourth floor . the elevator rise a floor , stop . the door open . there be no one there . then it start go up again . it rise to the third floor . it stop . the door open . there be no one there . then it start to rise again . ext . gus ' cadillac - night Nick sit there , stare ahead . nick ( suddenly , scream ) Gus ! int . the elevator as it go up . it stop . the door start to open . as it do -- a figure in a hood raincoat sweep into the elevator . it happen very fast . we see blonde hair around the face . but we do not see the face itself -- the head be down , the hood up . there be a icepick in the figure 's hand . the figure explode into Gus . the icepick go into he neck . int . the stairway Nick tear desperately up the stairway -- he hit the fourth floor door . it explode open . int . the FOURTH floor he stand there a beat , see the elevator door open . he run there , he see Gus , crumpled into the corner of the elevator . int . the elevator he go into the elevator -- hold Gus . he be dead . a long beat . he see the gun in Gus ' hand -- he take the gun out of he hand . he run out of the elevator . int . the FOURTH floor he hear something . gun in hand , he run towards the SOUND . he stop , gun in hand , listen again . he run again , hear nothing . behind he , we see a figure . he spin suddenly , gun , in hand . Beth gardner be there . she wear a windbreaker . she have she hand in the pocket . beth what be you do here ? nick ( scream ) put you hand up ! she stare at he . nick ( scream ) put you fuck hand up ! do not move . beth I get a message on my machine to meet Gus here . where be he ? she smile a strange smile . she take a step toward he . nick ( scream ) do not ! ( a beat ) I know about you husband . you still like girl , Beth ? beth what ? she smile strangely again , take a step toward he . nick ( scream ) take you hand out of you pocket ! she move a hand in a pocket and move towards he fast -- beth what be wrong with you ? and he fire the gun . she be hit in the chest , go down . a long beat , and then he go to she . he get down on the ground . her eye be open . he empty the pocket of the windbreaker -- first one , then the other the pocket be empty . beth ( in a whisper ) I love you . and she die . int . the FOURTH floor - later a lot of policeman , coroner 's guy , photo be take . Nick stand there with Lt. Walker , harrigan , and some of the Internal affair guy . lo. WALKER ( upset ) what make you think she have a gun ? Nick say nothing ; he look like a zombie . lo. WALKER what the hell be she do here ? what be Gus do here ? andrew yell to they from the stairway door . andrews Lieutenant . int . the stairway a forensics man very carefully handle a hood rain coat in a stair landing . he wear glove . Nick be there with Lt. Walker . the forensics man pick the raincoat up -- a long blonde wig fall out of it . there be fleck of blood on it . he reach into the pocket and pull out a icepick . it have a thin steel handle and be bloody . he hand the icepick to a assistant . he look at the raincoat . it have blood on it . the forensics man it 's departmental issue . lo. WALKER ( quietly ) Jesus . int . beth gardner' apartment - night Nick with Lt. Walker . Nick look like a zombie . andrew come up to they . he have a gun in he hand . andrews thirty - eight caliber revolver . bottom drawer , bureau in the bedroom . lo. WALKER have ballistic check it for nilsen . harrigan come out . harrigan Lieutenant , you would better come in here . Lt. Walker go into the kitchen . Nick follow he . there be several cop around a kitchen cabinet . a drawer be open . Walker look -- we look with he . we see a copy of Love hurt , Catherine 's paperback book , and a stack of photo of Catherine . Walker pick the photo up , go through they -- we see shot of Catherine in college -- Catherine at a fight -- Catherine with johnny boz -- Catherine with roxy . he hand the photo to Nick . Nick stare at they . lo. WALKER I guess that 's it . int . the detective bureau - night Nick sit , he foot up . he look like a zombie . with he be Lt. Walker , andrew , and Captain talcott . we see other plainclothesmen in the b.g. -- a flurry of activity , people on phone . a long beat . lo. WALKER she must have hear you on the stairway and dumped the stuff . Nick say nothing , stare off . a detective come over to they . detective there be no suite 405 in that building . Catherine tramell 's roommate in she freshman year be dead . she die of leukemia two year ago . a internal affayr man come over to they . internal affayr man we file on Dr. gardner show nothing about a police report in Berkeley -- nothing related to salinas , either . a long beat -- the phone ring . andrew pick it up , listen . andrews thanks . he hang up . andrews ballistics say the .38 we find in she apartment match nilsen . no registration . they be check with salinas . the icepick be the same brand and model as the boz weapon . a long beat -- Nick just stare . harrigan come up to they . harrigan we check the tape machine at Dr. gardner 's apartment and at she office -- both here and the one on Van ness . no message from Gus on any of them . the one at she apartment be break . ( a beat ) johnny boz 's psychiatrist say he think he remember Dr. gardner and boz meeting at a Christmas party at he house a year ago . a long beat . lo. WALKER ( after a long beat , sadly ) you just can not tell about people , can you . even the one you think you know inside - out . he and Nick look at each other a beat . captain talcott congratulation , curran . Nick look at he , expressionless . ext . he apartment - night he park he car . it be dark . foggy . he start head inside . int . he apartment - night he go in . he start to walk up the dark stairway , we see he walk up several flight of step . int . the corridor to he apartment he open he door with he key . int . he apartment he walk in . the apartment be dark . a voice ( behind he ) hi. it be a whisper , almost a hiss . he spin , fast . Catherine stand there , press herself against a wall . they look at each other a long beat . she look like she be almost in a trance . catherine I hear about it ... on tv. he look at she , expressionless . a long beat , they eye be into each other . she look like she be almost shiver . catherine I can not allow myself to care about you -- I can not allow myself to care -- I can not -- I can not -- she look very emotional . he move towards she , put he arm around she , hold she very close . catherine ( in a whisper ) I do not want to do this -- please -- I do not want to do this -- I lose everybody -- I do not want to lose you -- I do not want to -- he press she closer and closer to himself , hold she . int . he bedroom - night it be dark ; we can not see clearly . atop she ... he make love to she ... gently ... tenderly ... hardly move inside she ... there be tear in she eye ... dissolve to : int . he bedroom - later atop he ... she be on she knee , straddle he ... he be on he back , he eye be close ... she head arch back ... she breast high ... he strain toward she with he body ... she hold she arm high ... she right hand be in a fist ... ( we only see the back of she hand and arm ) ... it come down suddenly ... he buck ... writhes ... then she whole body fall on top of he . a very long beat ... we can not see he ... she body completely cover he ... and then finally he move ... turn she to the side ... kiss she . dissolve to : int . he bedroom - later the Stones play " Sympathy for the Devil " in the b.g. ; the music be low . they lie next to each other on the bed . the camera face they . he lie , stare at the ceiling , on the leave side of the bed , smoking a cigarette . she be curl away from he toward the right side of the bed . a long beat , then -- catherine what do we do now , Nick ? nick ( after a long beat ) we fuck like mink . we raise rugrat . we live happily ever after . we see she right arm go to the side of the bed and then over . he stare at the ceiling . catherine I hate rugrat . nick ( after a long beat ) we fuck like mink . we forget the rugrat . we live happily ever after . we see from a angle to the leave side of the bed now her face be expressionless . her right arm dangle over the right side of the bed . her right hand be clench . be she hold something in it against she arm ? we see they from a angle to the leave side of the bed now : he turn he body away from she to put out he cigarette . we see she behind he slowly turn towards he and the camera . a beat , and he turn towards she . they look at each other . a long beat as the song get louder . we see they in closeup . we do not see she right arm . catherine ( in a whisper ) I love you . a beat , and he kiss she . the camera back away from they slowly to the right side of the bedroom as they kiss , and we -- fade to black ... a long beat , as the song keep play ... and we ... fade in : we see they from the right side of the bedroom . and then the camera lower slowly as they kiss with more and more passion . it keep go lower . there be something under the bed . the camera move closer towards it as " sympathy for the devil " play louder . we see it now in closeup as the bed rustle above ... it be a thin , steel - handle icepick . the song play louder and louder , and we -- fade out the end