Basic by Jamie vanderbilt first draft MARCH 27 , 2000 over black : the sound of helicopter rotors slice through the air . style ( o.s. ) Jesus , god. . . fade in on : a army helicopter as it soar over the thick louisiana bayou . lush and green only a day ago , the foliage below have be rip to shred . the kind of damage that can only be do by nature . superimpose : , february 2 - 0630 hour - 32 kilometer NORTH of fort mckinley , louisiana int . army helicopter ( flying ) -- sunrise sitting next to the pilot be colonel william style . mid - 40' , normally gruff , but completely cow by the damage below . the pilot , unfaze . pilot Hurricane Beth , huh ? have a ex-wife name Beth , this be pretty much par for the course . this area get the worst of it , I hope this guy be all intact - style that 's enough , Lieutenant . someone's p.o.v . - running through the underbrush - ducking branch , push through bush , splash through stream . labored breathing wheeze over the sound track . we be head for a clearing ... int . army helicopter ( flying ) -- sunrise the Pilot push he stick forward , descend to tree level . pilot come up on the pick -up . ext . clearing -- dawn two men emerge from the underbrush at a run . the bigger man carry the wounded smaller man over he shoulder . both in rag army cadet fatigue - rip , muddy , and bloody . the bigger man lower the smaller man to the ground and unshoulder he m - 16 . face panicked . the sound of the helicopter approach ... 2 . int . army helicopter ( flying ) -- sunrise the unmistakable SOUND of gunfire from below . pilot Holy shit , that 's live fire ! as the helicopter come over the clear , style and the Pilot squint down through the windscreen to see the two Men , huddle together as bullet hit kick up dust around they ! style who 's shoot at they - the bigger man raise he own he weapon and returning FIRE . the smaller man frantically wave the helicopter down ... pilot I can not see - below , the bigger man still shoot and then he lower he rifle and there 's only silence . no return fire . and then style see why . a third man . lying by the treeline . chest tear open by gunfire . obviously dead . his clothes - the same fatigue the first two man be wear . style that be one of they own , he just shot one of they own man - pilot who be try to shoot they - style get we on the ground ! ext . clearing -- sunrise as the helicopter come in for a landing , the bigger man kneel next to the smaller man , who bleed from a bullet wound to the arm . his face , pale , sweat . the bigger man wipe the smaller man 's brow and speak softly and seriously . bigger man be you ready for this ? the smaller man nod . int . ROADHOUSE -- morning a full on shit-kick dive . nearly empty , give the hour . a television play the morning news over the bar . only two inhabitant - one a bartender , the other the lone customer , smoking and pick at a plate of criminally runny egg . 3 . hardy tell the truth , Vic . you make this with a blender , right ? he grin and we get we first good look at tom hardy - Three day stubble , dark ring around he eye , but a with strong jaw and steady voice . not you average barfly . somebody who maybe use to be somebody . bartender do not like them , do not eat them , do not make no damn difference to I . hardy you know that be like a quadruple negative ? the bartender take the plate away from he . hardy can I at least have a drink ? bartender it 's ten thirty in the morning . hardy yeah , if you have sleep . bartender you know the law - no liquor before noon . could lose my license . hardy do not you mean " do not need no liquor license not take away from I " ? the bartender smile . bartender Hurricane keep you up , too ? hardy yeah , and I could have use the sleep . I be suppose to meet people here tonight , try and get some work go . he stop , he attention suddenly on the tv . a newscaster : newscaster ... be expect to announce the grand jury indictment in the guissepe torres police corruption case as early as tomorrow afternoon . speculation abound that up to ten former homicide detective could be name in the proceedings - 4 . the bartender turn the tv off hastily . embarrass : bartender sorry . hardy just look away . the bartender put a empty glass down and fill it to the lip with bourbon . hardy nod a " thank you " and reach for the glass when the pager on he hip go off . he check the number . hardy Bill style ... bartender who ? hardy Old friend . have not talk to he in - 911 . can I use you phone ? the bartender hand he a cordless and hardy dial . hardy hey , Bill , it 's Tom . Long time no . . . whoa , whoa , slow down . yeah ... yeah , of course I will come . a hour . he hang up and hand the phone back to the bartender . bartender what be that ? hardy , obviously shake by the call . hardy I gotta go out to mckinley . ext . fort mckinley -- morning establish . a sprawling five square mile compound nestle in the Louisiana backwood . also damage by the Hurricane . helicopter load with emergency supplies land and take off , repair crews work feverishly on damage building , all while cadet platoon complete morning drill around they . this be still a boot camp after all . superimpose : 1130 hour - fort mckinley BASIC training CENTER ext . fort mckinley -- MAIN gate -- morning style stand wait nervously just beyond the checkpoint with warrant officer julia osborne - early 30' , attractive , close cropped hair and icy eye . in the middle of protest . 5 . osborne this be totally unnecessary - style he ask to see a policeman , we be get he a policeman . osborne but this guy you call , he 's not even Army - style he 's former Army and the best I have ever see in a room . besides , he know the territory , we do Basic together here . ( off she look ) you have have three hour with dunbar and have not get a peep , we need to take a different tack . osborne he 's not Army , it 's not official - style then it 's unofficial . he take a hit from a asthma inhaler , as a '71 pontiac gto drive through the gate and pull up . hardy emerge . osborne ( be : he appearance ) do not get any unofficialer than that ... the two old friend embrace . hardy how be you ? style be better . ( pause ) I read about what 's be happen with you ... I should have call - hardy what kind of trouble be you in ? style look at the ground . momentarily flustered . hardy that bad ? style would I have call you if it be not ? if there be any other way - 6 . hardy tell I what I can do . osborne you can get we some answer . hardy take off he sunglass , notice she . style this be warrant Officer Julia osborne , the close thing we have to a in - House investigator . hardy and here you be go out of house . how 's that make you feel , Jules ? osborne hostile and uncooperative . hardy fantastic . you want to tell I what 's go on ? int . fort mckinley -- corridor morning hardy follow style and osborne . they pass soldier replace break window and sweeping up glass . style the official term for it be " clusterfuck " . by the time Beth hit we , I would cancel all off base exercise save one - a six man cadet team and they drill out in the bush . we be miss three and the sergeant . the cadet be in they eighth week of the cycle , nobody here know much about they , up to and include they name . but the sergeant ... hardy it 's not West , be it ? tell I it 's not west. style ' look tell he it be . hardy ah , Christ osborne you know sergeant West ? hardy he be we drill here . man 's older than sand . 7 . style a few year ago , the Army pick we good buddy as they go to non- com to trot out to the press to talk about the kinder , gentler military . he even do the standard video greeting play to all income Basic cadet across the country . hardy well , he 's a good soldier . osborne nod , agree . hardy I do not mean that as a compliment . osborne sergeant West 's serve for twenty - Three year . he 's the public face of the modern Army . hardy and you notice I be not in the Army anymore . they round a corner . style the exercise be one of he section eight " private session " . Left around 2100 yesterday and be schedule for pick up at 0630 this morning . hardy and the problem be you only get three . style no , the problem be one 's dead , one 's get a bullet in he arm , and one will not talk . the one who will not talk be trading live fire with the dead one as we reach the pick -up . hardy I be assume that 's what make he the dead one ? style cadet Roberto R. nunez . kill right in front of I . osborne search party for the other be fan out in a ten click radius from the pickup . if they be hurt and we can get to they in time ... 8 . style I call the jag Corps , the two cadet we retrieve be to be fly to d.c . on a transport leave here at 1700 - hardy which give we about five hour . why would you call I ? style the guy in interrogation say he would only talk to a cop . hardy and I be the close thing to it , right ? style stop , turn to he friend . style Tom , bottom line : I let that kid go out there . if jag show up and I do not have any answer for they , my career be finish - hardy I be not gonna let that happen . style exhales , relieved . style thank you . osborne will brief you on the cadet . and Tom ? ( half -smile ) it really be good to see you . int . fort mckinley -- osborne's office -- morning osborne and hardy enter , step over break glass and hurricane debris . hardy look around . hardy gotta be honest , I love what you have done with the place - osborne you and the Colonel go back . hardy he get I through Basic and a lot of other stuff . I owe he . osborne you be the Tom hardy I have be read about in the papers , right ? New Orleans PD fire you for take bribe from guissepe torres . 9 . hardy it be for suspicion of bribery , it 's really all in the wording - osborne wording and you friendship with the Colonel aside , I be not comfortable have you involved in this . hardy subtlety really be not one of you finer point , be it , osborne ? osborne open she mouth to reply but hardy cut she off . hardy Three thing . first - you do not have a choice . second - I have never take a bribe in my life . and third - I be still a little drunk from last night , so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hit on you , try not to take offense . tell I about the two guy . osborne Hurricane knock out we mainframe , so all we have be they dogtag . cadet Raymond dunbar and Levi kendall - hardy Levi ? who name they kid levi- osb0 rne Senator Jonathan kendall , of Ohio . hardy Christ ... remind I to thank Bill for mention that on the phone - osborne kendall junior be still in surgery , so he will not be available to answer for he name or anything else for another hour - the cadet we be talk to first be dunbar . hardy he 's in interrogation ? osborne yes . hardy move he . 10 . osborne why ? hardy because interrogation room look suspiciously like interrogation room , which do not exactly put people at ease . be he cute ? osborne Excuse I ? hardy be dunbar cute ? osborne ( piss ) that be the most unprofessional - hardy be he handsome , self assure , carry himself well , do he look you in the eye or down at the floor , do he have good bone , suggest good breeding , do he slouch or sit up straight - this be important question , as they reveal a great deal about this man 's character so please get over yourself for two and a half second and tell I be he cute ? osborne stare at he . she finally nod . hardy thank you . at some point in there I be gonna rub my nose . when I do , go at he with everything you get . osborne good cop / bad cop ? hardy something like that . she start to go make preparation . hardy oh , and osborne ? you have any donut around here ? int . fort mckinley -- corridor -- morning as two m.p. 's escort raymond dunbar ( the " bigger man " ) into 11 . int . coffee room -- morning a small cluttere room with the shade draw . a fold table have be set up in the middle of it with a chair on each side . dunbar take a seat in the far chair . take in he surroundings as the mp 's leave , lock the door . int . fort mckinley -- corridor - morning hardy and osborne head towards the coffee room . osborne I question he for three hour and he do not make a sound . you do not have a badge , he will not talk to you . hardy , ten buck say I have he talk in under three minute . osborne start the timer on she digital watch . osborne go. int . coffee room -- morning dunbar look up as they enter . hardy smile , cheerily . hardy cadet dunbar , good morning ! I be Tom hardy and I believe you have already meet Officer osborne . I understand you have a rough time of it last night ? no response . hardy take a seat across from the cadet . hardy not talk , huh ? you probably just want to get some food and some sleep . they feed you yet ? no response . hardy reach into he pocket . pull out a donut . dunbar eye it , wary but definitely want it . hardy go on . you can eat in front of someone and still not talk to they - my parent do it for year . dunbar grab the donut , wolfing it down . hardy want another one ? no response . osborne look to she watch - it 's be a minute . 12 . hardy maybe later . Ray , let I say this up front - I be not a cop . dunbar turn away , no longer interested . hardy continue : hardy I use to be , but that 's beside the point . who I be do not really matter ; what matter be that right now , you be in a shitload of trouble . you understand that , right ? no response . hardy now , I do not know if you do what you do in self defense and frankly I do not really care . I be just do a favor for Colonel style because he want to know if anyone else who 's still out there be in need of assistance . to be honest with you , though , I do not care about that either . dunbar look up at this , surprised . hardy I do not know that guy , you do . they die , to I , it 's like see a couple people die in a fire on the news - tragic , but it do not affect I . the only thing I care about be I agree to do a favor for a friend and try and talk to you till you transpo show up . you like baseball ? no response . osborne look at she watch - two minute . hardy I could talk baseball for day . batting average , era 's , I get statistic in my brain , I do not know how I remember they . it 's freaky . you wanna talk baseball ? dunbar , completely confuse . hardy come on Ray , we be gonna be here five hour , we gotta talk about something . so who do you like ? a long silence and then : 13 . dunbar I do not like baseball . hardy grin as osborne stop she watch at 2:41 . hardy why not ? dunbar I ask for a policeman . hardy you be under military arrest , it 's not gonna happen . what 's wrong with baseball ? dunbar it 's ... too slow . hardy well , it 's a game of anticipation , that 's the beauty . dunbar I just do not like it . hardy what do you like then ? as they continue , we track under the table to reveal a hidden microphone ... int . style ' office -- morning style and a m.p. listen to the coffee room conversation . dunbar' voice , over the speaker : dunbar ( o.s. ) I do not know ... I like the Army . hardy ( o.s. ) c'mon , Ray , everyone hate the Army during Basic . I will tell you straight , I hate it here . int . coffee room -- morning dunbar you do Basic here ? hardy Fifteen year ago under sergeant West . piece of work , that guy . I remember , he use to have this two silver .45 's with ivory handle and if you be not quick enough , he would ( more ) 14 . hardy ( cont 'd ) knock you on the head with one of they . he still carry that gun ? he dunbar nod . hardy I be also he " knife dummy " . ( to osborne ) see , West use to say he could slit a man from stem to sternum in three second . he would use this length of pipe to demonstrate and if you be the knife dummy , you would spend all day get a pipe ram into you ball if you be not fast enough to defend yourself . that be a loooong day . hardy laugh at the memory and turn back to dunbar . hardy incidentally , Ray , I promise they I would ask where West and the other be . can we get to they ? he look to the floor . dunbar there 's no need ... hardy they be dead , be not they ? dunbar look back up at hardy . dunbar yeah . int . style ' office -- morning style lower he head at this . int . coffee room -- morning hardy you kill they ? no answer . hardy rub he nose . osborne step forward . osborne the Colonel see you shoot nunez , you be a murderer - hardy see , Ray , this be what we call " good cop , bad cop " . ( more ) 15 . hardy she shout , I stand up for you , you be grateful , a bond of trust be establish . osborne , stunne by this . hardy but I do not want to play game . that 's why you be not in a interrogation room , with one of that two way mirror - everyone know that thing be two way , right ? dunbar look at he good nod slowly . hardy right . now , I be gonna go get you another donut and you think about whether you want to talk more , okay ? dunbar okay . hardy smile at he , get up , and leave . int . fort mckinley -- corridor -- morning osborne follow he out into the hall where style wait . osborne Baseball ? hardy believe somebody owe I ten dollar - osborne you make I look like a idiot - hardy oh , I be sorry , I do not know the object of the interrogation be to make you look good - everyone know good cop , bad cop - by admit it I appear trustworthy . style you think he do it ? osborne no - hardy yes - they stop , look at each other . 16 . style you have get four hour and forty - five minute to find out . int . coffee room -- morning hardy return , another donut in hand , osborne behind he . hardy why would you ask for a cop , Ray ? dunbar I be not tell you what happen . hardy okay ... but I would like to know about the other cadet . what they be like - nice guy ? dunbar take a deep breath . dunbar some . hardy tell I about they . as dunbar begin to talk , we flashback ... ext . fort mckinley -- parade ground -- EIGHT week ago row upon row of freshly shaven head cadet stand at attention . they first day of boot camp . dunbar ( v.o. ) first day be when I meet Pike . sarge hate he from the beginning . a man with a face of granite stride up and down the line . two ivory handle pistol on he hip . his lifeless cobalt blue eye take in the cadet . this be sergeant west . west you motherfucker have just make the worst mistake of you life ! you have choose to join my Army ! this Army be my mother , my father , and my little virgin sister and I will not allow anyone or anything that be not up to my standard near she pretty little virgin cooze , do you understand I - give I a sir , yes , sir ! the cadet Sir , yes , sir ! 17 . west that who I deem unworthy to pass through this camp will quit , and that who refuse to quit I will kill . you ever hear of a training accident - give I a sir , yes , sir ! the cadet Sir , yes , sir ! west in my time I have kill sixteen man for the good of my country , sixteen man whose entrance into this Army I could not condone , as it would weaken the fabric of this nation 's defense ! this base suffer a average of three training accident a year , unfortunate incident that I will not hesitate to repeat if you cross I , understand - give I a sir , yes , sir ! the cadet Sir , yes , sir ! west so forget what you have see on sixty fuck Minutes about the kinder , gentler military - you will either succeed , quit , or die by my hand ! he walk over to a tall black cadet in the front row . pike . west my power here be absolute , be not that right , nigger ? pike Sir , yes , sir ! West haul off and slap Pike across the face ! west I hail from Biloxi , Mississippi where we string greasy coon neck up from tree branch when the mood strike we you have a problem with that ? pike Sir , no , sir ! West grab Pike by the neck , choking he . the other cadet gasp . Pike go down on he knee , the loss of air be so great . he reach up automatically to try and save himself ... 18 . west what the fuck be this ? you lay a hand on I while I be try to do my duty and rid the world of you ? he kick pike in the ball and release he . Pike go fetal on the ground , vomiting , as West stand over he , scream . west get the fuck up , you be still in formation , get the fuck up ! Pike somehow get to he foot , vomit streaking he clothes . west what the fuck have you do to that uniform , take it off , take it off , take it off ! Pike , still gasp , can not move fast enough . West slap he again and tear the man 's shirt off . west get that fuck pants off , I want you buck ass naked , you do not deserve to wear this beautiful United States Army issue clothes ! Pike struggle off the rest of he clothes until he be naked . West turn and spy dunbar in the line . west cadet , what 's you name ! dunbar Sir , dunbar , sir ! west you know how to work a pistol , dunbar ? dunbar Sir , yes , sir ! West draw one of he pistol and give it to he . west dunbar you be to stand here and guard this nigger for the next twenty - four hour ! he be not to be give food , water , or clothes ! if he so much as move , you be to blow he nigger brain out , be that clear ? dunbar Sir , yes , sir ! 19 . west the rest of you , fallout for physical ! the rest of the cadet fallout , follow West away to one of the building , leave dunbar and Pike . one with a gun , the other naked . dunbar ( v.o. ) Fifteen guy quit that day . but not Pike . ext . obstacle course -- EIGHT week ago -- morning the cadet , navigate a log span over a pit of mud . dunbar ( v.o. ) time go on and the sarge start singling people out . one of the cadet , a small man name anderson , fall from the log . scream , West dive into the pit and pull Anderson out , knock he on the head with a pistol . ext . tarmac -- EIGHT week ago -- afternoon Anderson stand naked , he arm strain to hold up , two paint can perpendicular to he body as West berate he . dunbar he would zero in on a fella and ride he till he quit . ext . MAIN gate -- EIGHT week ago -- night Anderson , now in civilian clothes , get into a taxi . quit . ext . firing range -- EIGHT week ago -- morning West , scream at a weasely look cadet name child . dunbar ( v.o. ) that who would not quit , he would put in what he call section eight . int . section EIGHT barracks -- EIGHT week ago -- night a horribly dilapidate quarter . four cadet , dunbar , Pike , child , and mueller sleep in rickety bunk . dunbar ( v.o. ) washout reject , guy he say be , " dumbfuck too stupid to know they be dead " . he separate we from the rest . we sleep alone ... 20 . int . mess hall -- EIGHT week ago -- morning the same four cadet , eat on the floor as the other member of the cadet Corps chow at table . dunbar ( v.o. ) . . .ate alone .. . ext . regular barracks -- EIGHT week ago -- evening the four cadet fallout on a run shirtless , with heavy pack and rifle hold over they head as the rest of the cadet Corps file into they barrack for sleep . dunbar ( V. o . ) ... and train long after the other guy get to turn in . ext . parade ground -- EIGHT week ago -- morning the cadet Corps , mustere . West zeroe in on nunez ( the " dead one " ) , whose t-shirt have a spot on it . dunbar ( v.o. ) fellas live in daily fear of be section and with good reason , too . West pull nunez out of line by he ear and kick he over towards a separate muster of we four section eighter . dunbar they figure we be the boy who would meet with a " training accident " . nunez take a place among they . look absolutely terrify . int . coffee room -- present day osborne lean forward . osborne be you say sergeant West try to kill you ? dunbar no , mar 'am , he just want we to quit . make it through be kind of a honor . some of the other guy on the base tell we that if you could hack section eight , Command would consider you at the top of the class . hardy that 's not exactly true ... ( off they look ) I be live proof . how do you get section , Ray ? 21 . dunbar give a look that almost resemble a smile . dunbar that first night with Pike . I make the mistake of let he sit down at around 0300 . osborne tell we about the other guy , the one West weede out . dunbar there be six of we ... ext . obstacle course .-- one week ago -- evening the six member of section eight on a force run through the rain . we focus in each face as dunbar describe they . first up be mueller a tall Aryan look blonde with a square jaw . dunbar ( v.o. ) Mueller be from Tulsa , a real good ol ' boy type . one of that " he daddy 's daddy 's daddy die at bull run and no bleed heart yankee be gonna take away he scatter gun " . he idolize West . muller , grin , as West kick he ass to pick up the pace . next to he be nunez , a strapping hulk of a manchild . dunbar ( v.o. ) and nunez idolize Mueller . Big fella from New Mexico . after he get section he just follow Mueller around like a lap dog . he be not mean like Mueller , though , do not have it in he . next to nunez be child , small and weasely with feral eye . dunbar ( v.o. ) but child do . do not talk to anyone , but you get this feel something be wrong with he , like real wrong . type of guy you feel uncomfortable go to sleep near . behind child run pike. dunbar ( v.o. ) Pike I tell you about . he take the brunt of it from Mueller and West . once they find it out he be a convict they be merciless . ( more ) 22 . dunbar ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he would be bust for Auto theft , judge give he the option of jailor the Army . he make the wrong choice . next to Pike , dunbar and kendall run side by side . kendall be short like child , but also weak . wheezing . dunbar finally kendall and I . kendall be a smart guy , we get along okay . Pike and I try to help he , but ... kendall falter and Pike stop to try and help he up . West smack the he away , practically kick kendall to he foot . dunbar ( v.o. ) he be sickly . have that shaking thing , whatd ' yacall it , epoxy ? osborne ( v.o. ) epilepsy . dunbar ( v.o. ) yeah . spend half he time in the infirmary . only reason he enlist be he father . West do not section he till last week . int . coffee room -- present day hardy and that be the guy who go on the exercise with you ? dun bar yeah . and that 's all I be say . hardy lean back in he chair . hardy you smoke , Ray ? dunbar this be one of that interrogation trick , be not it ? you do not give I a cigarette till I tell you more . hardy no , actually , I just leave mine in the car and be hope you have some . dunbar study he for a moment and then pull a pack of doral from he pocket and put they on the table . hardy my brand . must be my lucky day . 23 . he take one and light it . dunbar do the same . hardy let I ask you one thing . you seem like a good guy , Ray . you carry kendall wounded to the pickup . so what I do not get be what you do to make nunez want to kill you ? dunbar just look at the ground . a knock at the door . hardy and osborne turn to see a m.p. stick he head in . M. P. sir ? int . fort mckinley -- corridor -- morning hardy and osborne emerge to find style wait for they . hardy he 's not do by a longshot , I can get more out of he - style he can wait . kendall 's out of surgery . ext . army jeep ( moving ) -- morning hardy and osborne sit in the back of the open car as it rumble across the grounds , head towards the base Hospital . they sit in silence until : hardy why would you join the army ? osborne look at he , annoyed . osborne you really want to make banal chit - Chat like that now ? hardy you be right . we should sit in silence . osborne we be in the middle of a murder case - hardy best time for banal chit-chat . he slip something into he pocket . osborne what be that ? 24 . hardy microrecorder for kendall - do not have - time to wire he room . now tell I why you join the army or I will jab this pen through you neck . osborne smile in spite of , herself . osborne typical army brat story . dad be noncom , Mom be a nurse . there be never any real doubt of join up . hardy you have a mobile of bayonet above you crib . osborne something like that . you ? hardy I lose a bet . osborne laugh . osborne you be kid . hardy yeah . that 's just the story I tell the girl to get they into bed . Truth be ... I do not know . the whole honor and duty thing . make a difference in the world , crap like that . do not really work out . osborne study he . osborne I bet that 's the second story you tell the girl to get they into bed , after you make they laugh with the first one . hardy just smile . osborne this be the straight hit on I you be talk about , be not it ? hardy the very same . osborne you do understand that there 's absolutely no way I could ever be attract to you , right ? 25 . hardy I plan to grow on you . osborne you be off to a late start . hardy so note . they pass a overturned climbing tower . hardy you guy really get the shit kick out of you here . osborne imagine what it must have be like for they out there . what do you think of dunbar ? hardy he 's tell the truth , up to a point . osborne what point ? hardy do not respond , instead look out as they pass the section EIGHT barracks . osborne something wrong ? hardy be back here . give I the willy . osborne not the happiest of memory ? flashcut to - fifteen year ago . a bunch of young cadet , hardy and style among they , do force push -up by the barrack in the rain as West randomly berate and kick they . back to hardy - as he look away and shake it off . hardy no. int . base hospital -- recovery unit -- day a nurse lead hardy and osborne down a spotless white hall . nurse normally we would not let anyone see he this soon , but Colonel style say it be urgent - 26 . hardy it be . osborne remember , he 's the son of a Senator , so go easy . kid glove . hardy get it . int . base hospital -- kendall room -- day kendall lie in a bed , a network of tube in he arm . he be awake but pale , still weak . he study he visitor . kendall you ... I have see you around the base . but you ... ( pointing to hardy ) you be not Army , be you ? hardy Coast Guard , special detective detail . we feel this incident may have put the beach of Florida at risk . kendall 's laugh turn into a cough . place hardy . kendall that 's it . you be that policeman with friend in low place . tell I , how 's guissepe torres do this day ? that racketeer indictment must have really be a downer - hardy Levi , you get about four hour before armed man show up here , put you on a plane to Washington , and lock you in a very small dark room . I suggest you talk to we . kendall smile again , not lose any of he cool . kendall I have do nothing wrong . ( gesture to he wound ) I be the victim here . hardy but not the only victim , right ? kendall my , my , my , how do thing turn so hostile so quickly ? if I do not know better , I would say you two be out to get I . 27 . osborne we just want - kendall what , " the Truth " ? please . there be degree of truth , officer , always degree . thing be not what they seem . hardy stare at he for a moment and then get up to leave . hardy it 's too early in the day for I to give a shit about some pissant cadet 's bad version of " intrigue " . you want to talk to we , send word over to the brig . let 's go . nonpluss , osborne follow . hardy turn back at the door . hardy you be work too hard , Levi . I can tell cause you be sweat . and you be sweat cause you have no idea what dunbar 's already tell we . int . base hospital -- corridor -- day hardy and osborne walk to the nurse's station . osborne that be kid glove ? hardy have no fear , osborne , we have not yet begin to fight . he pull a cigarette from he pocket and light it . osborne but we have to question he - ( notice ) think you do not have cigarettes - hardy I lie . wait for it ... osborne just stare at he , not know what to say next . the phone at the nurse 's Station ring and a nurse answer . listen for a moment , hang up , and turn to they . nurse cadet kendall - hardy we be on we way . 28 . int . kendall hospital room -- day hardy and osborne sit across from kendall 's bed . hardy sergeant West be dead be not he ? kendall nod . hardy and the other three cadet ? kendall hesitates , then nod again . hardy feel free to elaborate . kendall take a breath and begin , all trace of bravado go . kendall my father be a powerful man . over the year he 's use that power to protect I , in one form or another , from certain ... unpleasantry . ( deep breath ) I be a homosexual . hardy Senator daddy must be thrilled . kendall he be not , shall we say , wild about the idea . he have ask I on numerous occasion to be more discreet about my proclivity , and I have do my best to oblige he . however , in the last four week , I begin a relationship with another cadet . what do you think of that ? hardy I think you just blow " do not ask , do not tell " out of the fuck water . kendall the sergeant discover this relationship and want I expell . my father intercede , so instead , West section I and make sure every other cadet know that I be gay . osborne he could not kick you out so he want you to quit on you own . kendall he want more than that . 29 . hardy more intrigue , Levi ? kendall stare at they , dead serious . kendall yes . int . section EIGHT barracks -- last night the six cadet asleep , all except kendall , who stare up at the patchwork ceiling . kendall ( v.o . ) it be the regular Tuesday night drill . he would let we sleep for a hour and then wake we up , drag we out to the bayou , and work we all night , separate from the other . the door slam OPEN , revealing West . west get up , get up , get up ! we be go on a little night hike , boy - muster in five on the south tarmac ! he leave as the sectioner rise , groan . pike Hurricane 's due after midnight and we be still go out ? mueller toughen we up , Pike . you do not like it , quit . Pike pull on he pants and shoot he the finger . kendall maybe we should not go . mueller the faggot speak . kendall you ever be in a hurricane , Mueller ? mueller ( mock gay lisp ) you ever be in a hurricane , Mueller ? Mueller and child laugh , but nunez look concerned . nunez you really hear this ? 30 . pike you know popham , work in the kitchen ? he tell I it be on the radio . he stop , listen . they all hear the wind , howling outside . kendall we should tell he we be not go . mueller oh , yeah , " Excuse I , sergeant , sir , we do not feel like go out - we do not want to get rain on . " he will kick we ass from here to Cleveland . he pull on he rain poncho and be out the door , nunez right behind he . the other , get ready , all except kendall . dunbar come over and put a hand on he shoulder . dunbar he 's right . we do not have a choice . ext . fort mckinley -- tarmac -- last night the six cadet , mustere in front of West and a transport chopper . West hand out m - 16' , sidearm , and grenade while yell above the wind . west a rifle , a pistol , and three phosphorous grenade to a man ! this be live fire , so keep that safetied until we touch down ; I do not want anyone shoot they dick off ! some chuckle . west some of you may have hear there 's a hurricane come ! american soldier do not wait for good weather - they do not wait for a bright sunshiney day to do they duty ! a american soldier learn to operate in the worst condition and turn say condition into a advantage against they enemy ! anyone who think this condition be too harsh , feel free to lay down and die , you get I ? the cadet Sir , yes , sir ! west lz be two click North of a cabin , you be to split into team of two ( more ) 31 . west ( cont 'd ) and work you way through you designate area blast as many target as you can find ! each area have twenty target , first team to take all twenty and find the cabin win ! team be as follow - dunbar and nunez , Pike and Mueller , kendall and child ! Mueller groan . west I will be in the area monitoring you progress and if I see anyone drag ass I will personally slit you stem to sternum and leave you for dead ! fall out ! the cadet board the Transport chopper . kendall get on last , pass West who lean in and whisper to he : west you be gonna die tonight , faggot . int . kendall hospital room -- present day osborne look up . osborne he say what ? kendall " you be gonna die tonight , faggot " . clear as day . osborne no one else hear it ? kendall he whisper it in my ear . hardy scratch he temple . hardy Levi , I do not know if you be familiar with investigative work , but we have this little thing call " motive " and you just give yourself one . kendall you say you want to know what happen - I be tell you the truth . hardy what happen to " degree " ? 32 . kendall do not kill he - hardy then who do ? int . army transport helicopter ( flying ) -- last night on kendall , sit among the sectioner in silence . terrify he look like he 's about to throw up . kendall ( v.o. ) I want to tell someone what he would say , but I could not . Mueller would just laugh . nunez and child would not care . Pike and dunbar be okay , but ... when West oute I , he isolate I . a outcast among outcast . and I would just be tell tonight be the night I would die . the chopper touch down on the edge of the bayou . the door rumble open as West point out different team direction in the blackness . west first team , second team , third team , go , go , go ! the click of rifle be unsafety as the cadet pour out of the helicopter . ext . louisiana bayou -- last night we track with kendall and child as they head away from the landing Zoe , rifle up , head down , side by side . move the brush quickly and quietly , eye scan for target . kendall ( v.o. ) I know child a little , we work at the px together . the wind be pick up and it 's start to rain . they ponchos flap loudly against the element . kendall ( v.o. ) I start get it in my head that maybe West have pay he , maybe he be the one who be suppose to give I a training accident - the roar of gunfire ! kendall turn towards it , scream for a moment ... until he see child lower he smoking rifle , a shredd target on a tree in front of they . he look down , notice have he own weapon trained on child . .. child step forward , knock kendall 's rifle away . 33 . child do not you ever point a gun at I ! kendall I be - I be sorry . . . kendall , terrify . shake . a beat . child pick up the rifle from the ground and hand it back to he . child come on , let 's move . various shot -- kendall and child , move through the bayou , child take out target . it 's raining harder now . kendall ( v.o. ) all I could think of be West , out there somewhere in the dark . maybe watch the other , maybe watch I . and wait to make he move . child speak , and kendall almost jump out of he skin . child Christ , be I alone in this world ? shoot something - a SOUND from the leave . kendall panic , pivot , and fire ... into darkness . no target , no West , no nothing . kendall , really freak out now . child a target , kendall , cap a fuck target . what 's wrong with you ? kendall ( v.o. ) I think I be gonna have a attack . go into a fit and bite off my own tongue in the middle of the bayou . child could tell I be not right . child just safety you shit and get behind I , okay ? I will take care of this . kendall nod and let child walk ahead . stare at child ' back as they move on . on kendall 's face , think ... kendall ( v.o. ) maybe it be a trick . maybe this be when they would get I , when I feel safest . close . on kendall finger - click off the safety again . move towards the trigger ... 34 . kendall ( v.o. ) but if I strike first and take out child , then maybe I could make it out alive ... kendall raise the rifle . sights child ' back . a moment of utter silence and then ... int . kendall hospital room -- present day kendall maybe I should not tell you that . maybe I should tell you I be not scared at all . but I be ... ( long pause ) enough to almost kill he . hardy but you do not . kendall no. poetic justice , though . osborne why ? no reply . hardy smile , understanding . hardy because child be the one who shot you . osborne look up , surprised . kendall nod . kendall but that come later . ext . louisiana bayou -- last night as kendall safeties he rifle and lower it ... the SOUND of a tremendous explosion come from they right ! kendall and child knock off they foot as the sky momentarily light up with the blast as a man scream ! child over there ! child point to the right , where the dim shine of phosphorous can be see through the tree . he drag kendall to he foot and the two take off run towards it . kendall panting and scared , ducking branch and leaping ditch as the two sprint towards the die glow . child hello ! hel - 35 . the sound of gunfire ! child tackle kendall ... child get down ! they hit the deck , face down in mud . it take they a second to realize the shot be not direct at they . child fuck , what the fuck be go on - kendall what do we do ? child whoever it be be not shoot at we ... he trail off . the gunfire and scream have stop . silence now , save for the wind and rain . kendall do not want to go - child Fine . child rise and head towards where the sound be . kendall , lie in the rain and mud , shiver . alone . after a moment he get up and follow . ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed , -- last night the scorched ground and tree smolder under the rainfall . kendall find child , stand down by the creek . something lie by he foot . kendall what 's - he stop , see . kendall oh , Jesus .. . west . literally spread out on the ground , dead . eye open , face half blacken , he have be rip in two at the torso . a horrifying sight . kendall stumble back from it . kendall do - do you - child it be the grenade you fuck idiot . look at he ! 36 . kendall can not . he sit , sobbing . part horror , part relief . child this be not we area . whose area be this - mueller can anybody hear I ! child pivot at the sound of Mueller come over the ridge . mueller hey , I - ( see it ) Holy fuck . . , . holy fuck , what the fuck do you guy do ? child we find he like this - Mueller raise he rifle at the weep kendall . mueller you kill he you fuck faggot - child we find he like this ! kendall be with I the whole - listen to I ! Mueller , finally seem to understand . lower the gun . mueller Jesus , Jesus fuck Christ ... muttering to himself , walk in circle . child where 's Pike ? no response . child Mueller , where 's Pike ? Mueller look up . mueller we get - I do not know , we get separate child before or after the explosion ? ( no response ) Mueller - mueller I do not know ! 37 . kendall how can you not know - Mueller come at he , scream : mueller shut the fuck up , you fuck faggot , you just shut the fuck up - child hey ! Mueller stop , eye craze . child look to the sky , which be become worse by the second . child we have to get out of this . to find the cabin . he help kendall to he foot . kendall what about Pike ? child maybe he will be there . either way , we have to go . kendall nod , slowly . the two start up the hill . mueller should not we - I mean , we should not just leave he here . he point down to West 's body . child look at it . child you can carry he if you want . he and kendall continue on . Mueller linger a moment longer and then turn , follow they up the hill . ext . louisiana bayou -- last night kendall , child , and Mueller make they way through the bush . the wind and rain have conspire into a full blown hurricane . the three man be practically stumbling now , lean in against it to stay on they foot . kendall spy something through the maelstrom . it look like wet wood . he point : kendall there ! the cabin -- wooden , one story , and large , it resemble a solidly build shack . it be be thrash by the storm . 38 . the trio stumble towards the front door ... int . cabin -- last night obviously abandon . bare of any furniture save for two wooden chair next to a empty fireplace . dunbar and nunez shout in surprise as the three man practically collapse into the cabin . dunbar run to bolt the door against the element as nunez help they up . nunez what happen to you - mueller what happen to you ? dunbar we finish the course and come here , then hear a explosion - ( to Mueller ) where 's Pike ? child we do not know . West be dead . silence . dunbar and nunez stare at he . Mueller jerk a hand towards kendall and child . mueller they find he . poor fucker be practically blow in half - kendall poor fucker my ass ... mueller you better watch it , faggot , I be not sure you and child do not do he - child what about you , wander around alone ? at least we have a alibi- dunbar what do you mean , alone ? mueller Pike and I get separate - kendall yeah and he do not know when - mueller I remember now , it be before the explosion - 39 . kendall oh , you remember now - mueller I be about two second away from see if fairy really can fly - nunez what about Pike ? Mueller stop , as the other turn towards the big man . silence . they realize what the question mean . dunbar he would not kill anybody . . . mueller oh , bullshit , he 's a fuck convict . you know how much he hate West - dunbar I hate West , child hate West , everyone with a goddamn brain hate West but that do not mean we kill he ! nunez what if it be not one of we ? what if it be a local - kendall he be blow up by a phosphorous grenade , they do not exactly sell that at 7 - 11 . mueller look , here be the fact - Roberto be with dunbar , Queen kendall be with child , and Pike 's the only one not here . he do it ! the other nod , become convinced . child he be the only one unaccount for . kendall maybe he 's dead too . maybe you kill they both , Mueller - dunbar shut up . ( to Mueller ) let I see you grenade . mueller why ? 40 . dunbar we be each give three so whoever kill West will be miss one . Mueller angrily dig into he sack and pull out he grenade . mueller see ? Three . now can we please - he stop . hear a SOUND outside . through the wind and rain , footstep on the porch . they all turn to the door . wait ... the door swing OPEN .. pike. cover in blood . pike hey , guy . they stare at he as he calmly close the door and walk over to the empty fireplace . finally : dunbar whose blood be that , jay ? West 's . pike any kindling for afire ? he look around for kindling . a beat . dunbar what do you mean , West 's ? pike I mean I kill he . ( pause ) be not that what we all want ? int . kendall hospital room -- present day hardy he admit it . kendall right in front of we . Mueller go after he but we hold he back . Pike surrender and volunteer to be tie up . so we roped he to a chair and try to ride out the storm . osborne why would he just surrender ? kendall turn to she and smile . kendall because he have a plan . 41 . int . cabin -- live room -- last night Pike , tie to a chair by the fireplace while the other look for , food in the kitchen . alone , kendall walk past Pike : pike hey , kendall , talk to you for a sec ? kendall look around - there seem no harm in it . pike you hate West as much as I do . I be not say what I do be right , but you can not tell I you be not glad the motherfucker 's dead . kendall say nothing . Pike look around , make sure no one be listen and then whisper : pike the thing be , we have get a real opportunity here . you turn I in tomorrow and we be both fuck - kenoall what be you talk about ? pike a gay Senator 's son who let he sarge get fragge on a training exercise ? the press will crucify you and you father . his career will be over and it will be you fault . but we do this different and you come out a hero . on kendall , think about it . a beat . kenoall how ? pike Mueller . he 's as bad as West and we both know it . now I can not do it , cause I be tie up , but we get the other to go along - kendall do not think I want to hear this - pike someone else can do the deed , it do not have to be you . maybe nunez too , he 's get a tendency to follow Mueller , but the rest of we can come out ahead - the guy who take out they sergeant 's killer ! ( more ) 42 . pike ( cont 'd ) we will move the body out to the creek and say we come over the hill right as they fragge West , all we gotta do be tell the story right . kendall stare at he . disgust . kendall you be sick , Pike . he turn and walk away . Pike watch he go . kendall ( v.o. ) later on i.saw he talk to dunbar . they have be close . I be in another room when it happen . int . cabin -- kitchen last night kendall , look through the empty cabinet for food when a gunshot -- from the live room . as kendall bolt towards the noise , the air be fill with the sound of scream and shoot ! he push through the door ... int . cabin -- live room -- last night kendall , come through the door as we slo -mo ... Mueller , sprawle out on the floor , dead ... Pike , tie to the chair , bullethole in he forehead ... nunez , wounded , stumbling out the front door into the hurricane ... and a badly wounded child , pistol out , turning towards the SOUND of the door and firing ... kendall 's arm , hit with a slug , and he start to go down ... freeze -frame -- on kendall 's form , fall . kendall ( v.o. ) I do not think he mean to do it . it be just reflex - he would already be gutshot . I must have pass out cause next thing I know ... ext . louisiana bayou -- dawn the sound of running and heavy breathing . kendall 's eye flutter open . he 's on dunbar 's back , be carry through the wood . the sound of gunfire and a tree branch shatter next to they . someone be chase they . try to kill they . nunez . 43 . dunbar bob and weave as another volley of bullet come from behind and we can now hear rotor blade approaching ... ext . clearing -- dawn as dunbar burst into the sunlight , carry kendall . the entire thing dreamlike , what we see at the open , but from kendall viewpoint -- the helicopter overhead , nunez behind , dunbar turn and shoot , nunez go down ... int . kendall hospital room -- present day kendall and that 's it . hardy be silent . stare at he . osborne nunez be chase dunbar . kendall because he would shot Mueller . osborne but you do not see it , right ? kendall like I say , I be in the kitchen . when I come out , Mueller and Pike be dead , nunez and child be hit and dunbar be go . hardy why do he come back for you ? kendall I honestly do not know . maybe to have someone to cover for he . and I wish I could , but there 's no doubt in my mind he kill that man . silence . kendall 's get nothing more to say . hardy okay . I think that 's it . he rise and walk to the door . kendall Mr. hardy ? hardy turn back . kendall what do dunbar tell you ? 44 . hardy smile and push out the door ... ext . style ' office -- day hardy and osborne stand before the Colonel , fill he in . hardy Pike kill West , dunbar kill Mueller , child , and nunez . style who kill Pike ? hardy someone must have get a shot off . he be not exactly a move target . style turn to osborne . style what do you think ? osborne it 's too neat . hardy " too neat . " how long have you be a investigator ? osborne I do not think that have anything to do with - hardy that mean under a year . let I explain what ten year of police work have teach I - murder be basic . there be no conspiracy , no grand mystery , and no evil puppet master behind it all , pull the string ; murder be shitty people do a shitty thing to other shitty people - it do not always make sense but it 's always neat . dunbar 's we guy . osborne struggle to put it into word . osborne I just ... he come back for kendall . I do not think he 's capable of murder . hardy everyone 's capable of murder , osborne . osborne turn , make she case to style . 45 . osborne look , all we have get be what kendall say , and he do not actually witness any death except nunez . he find West , he see Mueller and Pike , but just they body - he do not see any crime commit . hardy well , I be sure if he would know this be all go to happen he would have try harder to witness it for you - style West 's body be not in the creek bed . they stop argue , turn to look at he . style we have already be over the terrain twice . nothing . hardy there be a hurricane , Bill , the wind probably move it . style habeas Corpus - you have to have a body to have a crime . hardy okay , then let 's widen the search 'to include the endzone in Giants Stadium and the trunk of my car - style without the body we have no physical proof . we need a confession . hardy from dunbar ? I hate to break this to you , but I do not think he 's gonna be all that psyched to put himself in for the death penalty . style nevertheless - hardy nevertheless what ' ? kendall will testify and that will be enough . style not for I . a beat . almost accusingly : 46 . hardy you mean not enough to save you . style jag get here in three hour . try for the confession . int . coffee room -- day dunbar look up as hardy and osborne enter . hardy ( cheerfully ) hey , Ray ! just have a nice talk with you buddy . kendall - seem you kill three people ! dunbar that son of a bitch . hardy that would be my reaction too - dunbar he 's lie . hardy well , why do not you say so ? we will just drop all you charge , then - dunbar I be serious - hardy lean across the table . hardy fuck " you be serious " , Raymond , you get exactly zero truck with we ; right now we would take the word of a crackhead over yours , so if you have get something to say , say it . dunbar do kendall tell you about the px ? osborne he say he work there - dunbar no , do he tell you about it ? about the business child run ? osborne what business ? 47 . dunbar pill , shot , you name it , Basic 's a lot easier when you do not feel pain - hardy so child make some side money , so what ? people be dead , Ray , and the only one we have to blame be you - dunbar do not shoot West - hardy yeah , we know , Pike do . dunbar stare at he . dunbar you think you know everything , do not you ? you have not even scratch the surface . hardy lean across the table , look dunbar dead in the eye . hardy I know enough to know you get two choice - you can sign a confession , in which case you will probably spend the rest of you life in a military prison , or you can tell we to fuck off , in which case you will probably get the gas chamber . ( smile ) be I scratch you surface yet ? dunbar stare at he for a moment and then launch himself at hardy , scream . tackles he to the floor , choking he ... osborne , pull she sidearm , and pistol whipping dunbar in the head ! dunbar go sprawling off hardy as m.p. 's rush into the room , restraining he . hardy get up , gasp , and stumble to the door . osborne hardy ! but he 's already go . int . fort mckinley -- corridor -- day hardy , walk angrily towards the front entrance , wheeze and massage he neck . osborne , runninq to catch up . hardy why the fuck be not he in restraint ? 48 . osborne I do not know . style appear at the end of the hall . style Tom , where be you go - hardy Home , I be do . style what about the confession ? hardy stare at he . .. hardy you want a confession ? why do not you confess , Bill : people be dead and you do not give a shit about it ! only reason you call I be to protect you fuck job , you know this be you fault - style what the hell be you talk about - hardy I be talk about West ! we have he , Bill , we be there . you be the fuck base Commander , you know what he do to cadet and you let he go on the way he always he have - style could not reassign he , he 's a legend - hardy you know what he be capable of and you just stand by . it be just a matter of time till somebody fragge he ass , and you know what ? he deserve it . there 's you confession . he push past a shocked style and walk out the door . ext . fort mckinley -- parade ground -- day hardy storm across the grass . osborne , still follow . osborne goddammit , hardy , you can not just leave - hardy watch I . 49 . osborne you say you owed style and now you be gonna turn you back on he ? hardy whirl on she . hardy West be a monster ! Fifteen year ago , I be here , I be section eight , I be Pike . fuck be the knife dummy - that thing he do , stripping Pike down , make he stand outside all night ? he do that every year , he do that to I . Fifteen year ago , I want he dead , and now I be suppose to care that somebody offed he ? sorry , no can do . I try . osborne you do more than try . you crack dunbar in less than three minute , as a investigator you be phenomenal - hardy phenomenal at take bribe , right ? a beat . osborne shake she head . osborne I be start to believe you , you know ? that you be not who everyone Said . I guess I be wrong - hardy oh , spare I the reverse psychology bullshit ! this be not my " great second chance " , osborne . everyone think I be a piece of shit cop who take money and nothing be go to change that . nobody will ever know what happen here - osborne but you will . hardy stare at she . hardy why do you care ? osborne because it 's my job . because people be dead . because of the whole honor and duty thing , make a difference in the world , crap like that . ( pause ) we can do this , hardy . 50 . hardy look at the ground . osborne two and a half hour . that 's all I be ask . two and a half hour to maybe get the truth . silence . hardy look back up at she . speak softly : hardy I do not shoot West ... osborne what ? hardy dunbar ... he say he do not shoot West . West be not shot , kendall say he be blow apart by a phosphorous grenade and dunbar never see the body . they stare at each other for a moment ... int . coffee room -- day hardy and osborne enter to find dunbar in shackle . dunbar apologize - hardy you see West 's body . dunbar of course - osborne where ? dunbar the creek bed - hardy and he would be shot . dunbar yeah - osborne what about the phosphorous grenade ? dunbar one go off , yeah , but it do not touch he - I think you know this - 51 . hardy tell it to I . int . louisiana bayou -- creek bed -- last night dunbar and nunez running towards the glow of phosphorous and sound of gunfire . they come over the hill to see child and kendall , stand over west's body . dunbar stop , shocked . dunbar Holy fuck ... Holy fuck , what the fuck do you guy do ? child we find he like this ... dunbar edge closer , look at West . with bullet hole . his chest , riddled . kendall somebody emptied a full clip into he - hardy ( v.o. } stop. int . coffee room -- present day hardy kendall tell we Mueller be the one who find they with West 's body . dunbar he 's lie , then . we do not see Mueller till we get to the cabin . int . cabin -- last night dunbar , kendall , child , and nunez push through the door to find Mueller in he undershirt , a FIRE burn in the hearth . mueller Jesus , what happen ? dunbar ( breathe hard ) West ...he 's dead . osborne ( v.o. } back up . int . coffee room -- present day osborne Mueller be alone in the cabin ? 52 . dunbar yeah . int . cabin -- last night mue : ller Pike and I get separate ... then I hear gunfire . Close . dunbar so do we . why do not you come ? Mueller look down , scared . mueller I be afraid ... Mueller voice fade out as he continue to talk . dunbar ( v.o. ) I do not buy it . but Mueller have all three of he grenade . Mueller show he three grenade to the other . int . coffee room -- present day osborne at least you and kendall agree on that . hardy what happen next ? dunbar shudder . dunbar Pike come back . int . cabin -- last night Pike , staggering in through the door . the other get up from where they be sit - it 's be awhile since they arrive . Pike shout at Mueller : pike what the fuck happen to you - mueller what the fuck happen to you ? one minute you be next to I and the next you be go and the sky light up like fuck Christmas - dunbar where have you be , jay ? 53 . pike wandering through a hurricane try to find this place . it 's gettin ' bad out there - ( look around ) where 's West ? child yeah , right . . . dunbar shut up . ( to Pike ) West 's dead . a beat . pike what ? silence . all of they stare at Pike . dunbar where have you be , jay ? Pike , suddenly understanding . fear creep into he face . pike oh , no . . . no , fuck that - he move to the door , but . . . nunez hey ! nunez , with he pistol out . train on Pike . pike Roberto , what the fuck ? dunbar we just want to check you pack - pike why ? mueller whoever shot the sarge blow a grenade first - pike blame the nigger , then , huh ? someone turn up dead , you just look for the darkest face in the crowd - dunbar you know it 's not like that - 54 . pike do I ? the click as nunez pull back the pistol 's hammer . nunez let he check you pack . Pike stare at they and then throw he pack down , angrily . dunbar go to it , open it , and reach in . pull he hand out . only two grenade . look at Pike . sadly . dunbar tie he up . int . cabin -- last night later . the fury of the storm have increase . kendall , child , nunez , and Mueller , in the kitchen look for food . in the live room Pike , tie to the chair . dunbar sit in a corner , listen to the hurricane rage outside . Pike watch he . pike just like the first day , huh ? you stand guard on I . a creaking as the cabin shift on it 's foundation . dunbar look up at the roof , scared . it hold . pike this place be not gonna hold much longer . dunbar do not reply . still stare nervously at the roof . Pike look to make sure the other out of earshot , then : pike you and I be friend , right ? no reply . pike right ? dunbar yeah ... Pike take a deep breath . pike you gotta untie I . ( off dunbar 's look ) I do not do this thing , Ray . 55 . dunbar you hate West more than any of we . pike maybe , but that do not make I a killer - dunbar you be the only one miss a grenade . pike which anyone coulda take out of my gear on the chopper . be you watch you pack on the ride in ? dunbar start to get up . pike Ray , this be my life here . I be not gonna pretend I be not happy West be go , but you know I could not have do this . it 's not in I . dunbar if not you , then who ? pike Mueller . dunbar oh , come on - pike we be sweeping we area and suddenly he 's go . couple minute later , phosphorous grenade pop off about a third of a click away - dunbar that 's exactly what he say about you . pike who you gonna trust , Ray ? him or you friend ? dunbar stare at he . dunbar you hate West , Mueller love he - pike enough to go to prison ? child ' px scam , Mueller be in on it - dunbar bullshit . 56 . pike look in my pack . dunbar why ? pike just look . Little pocket . dunbar walk over to Pike 's pack and unzip it . check the little pocket . pull out a vial and a syringe . pike combat grade morphine . Mueller sell it to I . . dunbar you be lie - pike pull up my sleeve . right arm . dunbar do to reveal a cluster of track mark . pike that look like a lie to you ? I be use solid for the last eight week . dunbar sit down . not know what to say . pike after that first night on the parade Grounds with you , I be bad - exposure , malnutrition , the work . I need something to keep I from crash . Mueller find I . int . cadet shower -- EIGHT week ago empty except for Pike . he sit , nude , curl up on the tile , as the nozzle blast steaming water down onto he shiver form . footstep approach . Mueller . he lean down next to Pike , speak to he . kindly . pike ( v.o. ) he say he know guy who have a in at the px , could hook I up . this be before I know what a dick he be . as Mueller produce a syringe from he pocket ... int . base px -- backroom -- six week ago a covert meeting among stack of supplies . child stand with Mueller , talk to a gaunt Pike . behind Pike be a group of other sickly looking cadet , all jonese . 57 . pike later on child get assign there , start run the shit out to every cadet who need it . but I be we class 's first customer .. . Pike hand the smile Mueller a wad of cash ... int . cabin -- last night dunbar stare open mouth at Pike . shock . dunbar why ... why do not you tell I ? pike become a morphine addict during Basic be not exactly something you want to broadcast . only Mueller and child know . a beat . dunbar get to he foot . dunbar that still do not mean you do not kill he . pike you see West , right ? how be he kill ? dunbar full clip to the body - pike from up close or far away ? dunbar his chest be hamburger - pike that 's close range . you go full auto on a guy from close range , you be gonna be swim in blood . look at my uniform . nothing . dunbar look . not a speck of blood on it . pike and where 's Mueller 's ? when I come in , he be only wear a t-shirt . dunbar look over to fireplace , where ash be smolder ... flashcut to - when dunbar first enter the cabin : Mueller , stand there in a t-shirt , a FIRE burn in the hearth . 58 . pike Way I figure it , West must have find out about they little business and be gonna bust they , so they decide to get rid of he first ... dunbar ( softly ) they ? pike Mueller and child . one of they must have take the grenade from my pack on the chopper ... int . transport helicopter ( flying ) -- earlier last night the sectioner sit , stoneface , stare out the window . close on - Mueller 's hand as it snake into Pike 's pack and extract a phosphorous grenade . ext . louisiana bayou -- earlier last night Mueller and Pike , twenty foot apart , scour the brush for target . Mueller look to Pike and then slip away ... pike ( v.o. ) then Mueller ditch I during the exercise and head for the creek . ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed , -- earlier last night Mueller stand on the hill and pull the grenade pin , toss it down the embankment . .. pike ( v.o. ) he blow the grenade to frame I and get West to come run ... . the grenade blows , set the entire area aglow ... ext . louisiana bayou -- earlier last night kendall and child , turn towards the sound ... note : each shot of kendall and child in this sequence should correspond exactly to kendall 's flashback . ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed -- night West emerge from the bush at a sprint . west what the fuck be go on ?! Mueller run down the embankment toward he . 59 . mueller do not know , sir , I - six foot away from West , Mueller suddenly raise he rifle and pull the trigger . ext . louisiana bayou -- earlier last night kendall and child , run in the direction of the grenade ... pike child ' job be easy , he only have to delay kendall long enough for Mueller to get away . suddenly machine gunfire shatter the night ! child get down ! he tackle kendall into the mud . ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed -- earlier last night Mueller , smoking rifle in hand , uniform cover in blood stand over west's dead body . he turn and run off into the brush . a moment later , child and kendall come into view at the top of the embankment ... pike ( v.o. ) now all Mueller have to do be get rid of the evidence ... int . cabin -- earlier last night Mueller , still cover in blood , enter the dark cabin . he strip of he shirt and throw it in the fireplace . strike a match , ignite the bloody rag ... . pike ( v.o. ) and wait for everyone else to arrive . Mueller , watch the evidence burn ... int . cabin -- last night Pike sigh , finish with he story . dunbar I ... I do not know ... pike what do not you know ? dunbar this be a lot of information to be get ... I have to think - 60 . the hurricane outside growing louder as the cabin rock again . the sound of wood snapping . Pike stare up at the roof . pike there 's no time to think , Ray , we gotta get out of here ! you untie I , we grab the gun , get kendall and nunez , and make a run for it - dunbar no ... no , we can just wait till we get back and then tell the m.p. 's - pike we wait and I be a dead man . I get a black face , a criminal record , and over a hundred other cadet who will testify how much I hate West - my court martial will take six minute . it 's either I or they , Ray , and you gotta decide right now . the cabin shift again . dunbar stare at he . pike untie I . dunbar do not move . pike untie I , Ray . a long beat . the two man stare at each other . and then dunbar pull he knife from he boot and lean down to cut Pike 's bond . pike thank God . . . mueller ( o.s. ) what the fuck be you do ? dunbar freeze . caught . he look to the open kitchen door where Mueller stand . mueller guy , get out here ! the other enter the room . dunbar , kneel there , knife inch away from sever Pike 's rope . pike this place be go , Mueller . we gotta move - 61 . mueller shut the fuck up . ( to the other ) he be gonna cut he loose . the other stare at dunbar . nunez why ? pike Cause I do not do it . child motion to dunbar . child get away from there . he 's serious . dunbar move away from Pike . mueller we all know what you do , Pike . I do not know what kind of nigger voodoo you be work in here , but - pike where 's you shirt , Mueller ? mueller use it to start the fire - pike still get mine on , not a speck of blood on it . not a bad trick for a murderer - you say you burn yours ? the other begin to look at Mueller with new eye . mueller be freezing from the hurricane - kendall so you take off you shirt ? mueller to start a fire , goddammit ! ( point to Pike ) what about he , huh ? maybe he offed the sarge and change shirt , bring a extra one in he pack . y'ever think of that ? go ahead , cut he loose ! first chance he get , he will waste the rest of we , that 's how they work - the hurricane , reach FEVER pitch outside as water begin leak in through the roof . 62 . pike goddammit , Ray , we gotta get out of here - mueller we be not go anywhere . pike turn to mueller : pike cadet Michael Mueller , I hereby place you under military arrest for the murder of sergeant Nathan West - mueller the fuck be you talk about - pike you be to be stripped of all weapon and place under guard - mueller bullshit - pike until we return to base , and ballistic can match you weapon to the slug in sergeant West 's body - mueller shut up ! Mueller pull he sidearm and point it at pike . kendall Mueller , what the fuck - dunbar do not do this - Pike , eye locked with Mueller . continue : pike a test will no doubt link you to the killing - dunbar put it down ! mueller tell he to shut up - pike - failure to comply with this arrest be a court martialable offense in and of itself - 63 . kendall Pike , please - pike although that will not matter much when couple with the murder charge - mueller shut the fuck up you fucking nigger - Pike lean forward . pike you stupid white trash motherfucker , I see you do it - and Mueller fire . Pike 's head snap back . the gunshot , deafening . then , for a eternity , silence . nobody move . nobody breathes . as if time have stop . kendall oh .. . my God ... Mueller lower he arm , the pistol clatter to the floor . his face , as shocked as the other . mueller he would not ... stop talk ... he take a step forward towards Pike . a hole in the middle of the black man 's forehead . dunbar ( softly ) so you kill he ? mueller i. . . almost mechanically , dunbar begin to reach for he own gun ... the unmistakable sound of a two rifle ' magazine be racked simultaneously . dunbar turn to see child and nunez , they m - 16 's in hand . levelled at he . child get that hand away . dunbar do . look to nunez . dunbar you too ? 64 . child we can still come out of this okay . Pike get free , he get a gun , he come after we . that 's the story . Mueller collapse on the ground . head in hand . mueller West be one thing , but this - child shut up , Mueller . kendall you framed-him ... child none of that matter now . we get two dead body and a story that explain they . you be either with we , or against we - which be it ? dunbar and kendall , look at each other . it 's clear what the wrong answer will mean . a long beat , until kendall okay - he be cut off as the wind outside roar - the hurricane mount to it 's full force - and the window blow inward , shower child , Mueller , and nunez with glass ! dunbar 's hand fly to he pistol , pulling it ... Mueller , scream , try to claw the glass from he eye ... child , see dunbar move , pull the trigger . .. . and the cabin be fill with the thunder of gunfire as kendall go down , clutching he arm ... dunbar fire , hit child directly in the chest ... child , still shoot , fall back , he random spray of bullet punching into mueller who jerk like a marionette ... nunez , draw a bead on dunbar , about to shoot , when ... a great crescendo of wood splintering and support buckling overtake they and the cabin' roof come down on there head . ext . demolished cabin -- first light hour later . the rain have lessen and the Hurricane have begin to lift as dunbar pull himself from the debris . hear a faint cry from he leave . 65 . kendall . half conscious , he arm , bloody . dunbar sling the man across he shoulder as the rise sun begin to peak through the cloud overhead . ext . louisiana bayou -- sunrise dunbar , carry kendall towards the clear when gunfire come from behind . he turn to look ... nunez . the only other survivor from the cabin . a hundred yard back , rifle in hand , come after they with a vengeance . dunbar , sprinting towards the clear , bullet at he heel and as he burst from the tree line he look up to see a helicopter overhead dunbar ( v.o. ) and then I kill the last of they . flashcut to - nunez , chest blow open , go down ... int . coffee room -- present day and we be back to the interrogation . dunbar , stubbing out a cigarette and look up at hardy and osborne . dunbar can I have some coffee ? osborne blink , like a trance have be break . osborne yeah ... yeah , sure . she go over to the machine and pour a cup . hardy you shot child and nunez . dunbar they would have kill we both . you want I to write a confession , I will write a confession . hardy you save kendall 's life - dunbar but not Pike 's . osborne hand he the coffee . osborne why do not you tell we all this in the first place ? 66 . dunbar would you have believe I ? they face say " no " . osborne spread a map out on the table . osborne where 's the cabin ? dunbar do not know on a map . West tell we it be there , we just find it . maybe the hurricane take it away . hardy Raymond , for you to have any chance of come out of this , we need to locate the other body and examine they to corroborate you testimony . otherwise this be just another story - dunbar Mr. hardy , I join the army for college money . I do not ask for any of this - I try to do the right thing out there and people get kill . you say find that body will help I , then go find they . I do not want to die . ext . for mckinley -- corridor -- day hardy and osborne , walk and talk . osborne talk it through : child , Mueller , and nunez know they be go out on the regular Tuesday night drill , hurricane or ho hurricane , so they plan it : kill West , pin it on Pike . hardy and they be smart about it . they know when you commit a crime you know be go to be investigate , you need a fall guy and for that to work , you have to have a witness . osborne dunbar . hardy exactly , someone who 's not involved , who 's word can not be question . you only let they see what you want they to see , you make they believe , so when the time come , they have totally buy into you version of event . 67 . osborne they believe the innocent be guilty and the guilty be innocent . hardy and if they be ask , that 's what they will tell the , world . osborne so it 's a good plan but it go wrong ; Mueller flip out and shoot they fall guy , which mean they have to bring dunbar and kendall into the cover story - hardy kendall maybe would have agree , but the hurricane buttfuck the cabin- osborne buttfuck the cabin ? hardy and all hell break loose . a lot of good guy shoot a lot of bad guy and whiz , bang , zoom , happy end . osborne so why , after dunbar drag kendall out from under a house , do the Senator 's son try and get we to put he savior in the gas chamber ? hardy that bug you too ? osborne Little bit . hardy let 's go talk to Bill ... int . style ' office -- day hardy and osborne stand in front of a agitate style . he try to take a hit off he asthma inhaler and get nothing . frustrate , he toss it away . style Fucking asthma ... this whole thing 's drive it nut . a beat . hardy what I say before - 68 . style be dead right . you think dunbar 's on the level ? hardy yeah . style do osborne agree ? osborne yes , sir , I do . hardy lay a piece of paper on style ' desk . hardy dunbar 's confession . it should be enough to get you out of trouble . style look at it and then slowly up to hardy . style you want kendall , do not you ? osborne he try to burn dunbar to we . you do not do that if you be not involved . hardy nod , agree . style stare at they . style you both know if you do this , if you go after a Senator 's son and you be wrong ... it 's not just I in the hot seat anymore . osborne we know . style ( to hardy ) I be give you a chance to walk away . hardy we know . style nod and look to he desk . almost to himself : style you do not get to be a Colonel without compromise . without get out of the way of the bigger dog . you politic , play it safe , think of the career first . and when thing get dirty , you just look the other way ... he look back up at hardy . his eye , steel . 69 . style four of my man be dead . you think kendall have something to do with it , then you go get the son of a bitch . int . kendall hospital room -- day kendall lie in he bed , look worse than before . hardy and osborne enter . osborne Pike never confess . kendall we have be make progress , I see . osborne look to she watch . kendall notice . kendall running out of time , be we ? tick - tock , tick -tock , how long till you witness fly the coop ? osborne fifty minute . kendall not much time to solve the crime . tell I , detective , how do it feel take blood money from guissepe torres ? do it weigh on you conscience or do you just not think about it ? hardy you try to pin three stone murder on dunbar - kendall how many murder do you cover up ? one ? five ? maybe a even ten . hardy ( to osborne ) can I go to jail for punch a guy who 's be shot ? kendall begin cough . kendall I think they be give I the wrong medicine . this be not a very good Hospital , you know - hardy sigh and go to the sink to get he some water . 70 . kendall epileptic attack be murder on you system . rattle you internal organ like a paint mixer . hardy my heart weep . he return with a glass of water and hand it to kendall . osborne Pike never confess . kendall no , but it get you interested , do not it ? get you to dig . inspire Ray to tell you terribly sordid tale about drug and creek bed and dead little sergeant who stick they nose where they do not belong . hardy be it the truth ? kendall there 's that word again . ( smile ) as I tell you , I be not in the room when everyone start shoot . osborne dunbar say you be . kendall then he 's mistaken . you know , I really do not think my father would approve of this line of question - hardy why do you tell we he shot everybody , Levi ? you put he in for three murder , the man save you life - kendall so I should stay silent about he misdeed ? the gun go off , I run in , child shot I , Pike and Mueller be dead , and dunbar be run out the door with the smoking gun - hardy dunbar be run out the door ? ohhhhhh ... see that 's where I be confuse , because I think you say nunez be run out the door . 71 . kendall no. I say dunbar . hardy huh . you know , I really think you say nunez . I think you say " dunbar be go , " my fault , I gotta check the tape on that . ( off kendall 's look ) oh , yeah we tape the last interview . this one too . Cause it would be a real break for we to catch you in a lie . silence . they wait for kendall 's reaction . he look momentarily flustered by this ... and then he smile . kendall I believe you next line be " what be you try to hide ? " hardy well ? kendall sorry to disappoint . I be on painkiller for the injury - they cloud the mind . you be right , it be nunez . any more question ? hardy do not know what to say . that be he ace card . kendall do not get I wrong , Mueller and child be quite the pair , the type of guy you do not feel comfortable go to sleep around . completely capable of murder . but as I say , I do not hear the exchange before the shoot . I be not in the room . osborne furrow she brow at this as hardy continue . hardy dunbar will testify that you be . kendall then we will leave it up to the court - his word against mine . what do he father do again ? steelworker ? ( smile ) do not matter , I be sure justice will be serve . in any case , my father will definitely want to talk to you about all this question , this accusation on he son . he 's quite protective . 72 . osborne turn to hardy . osborne I need to talk to you outside . ext . base hospital -- corridor -- day osborne and hardy , exite the room . whisper : hardy we be fuck , I know - osborne they get they storey straight . hardy what ? osborne what kendall say - " the type of guy you do not feel comfortable go to sleep around . " that 's what dunbar say about child to the letter . hardy be you sure ? osborne positive . hardy , they plan this . she grin . he grin back . osborne not bad for hostile and uncooperative , eh? int . kendall hospital room -- day hardy and osborne reenter , smile . kendall chuckle . hardy something funny , Levi ? kendall I be just think of what 's go to happen to you career when my father get through with you . hardy pull the out microrecorder and hand it to osborne . hardy why do not you talk to Levi off the record for a second ? osborne good idea . 73 . smiling , she stop the tape . then turn to kendall . osborne you and dunbar get you storey straight . Little detail , little inconsistency , design to bounce we back from one of you to the other , ask question , kill time , until the transport arrive and whisk you away to where Senator daddy can protect you . you think you be just go to slide out of this ? you be a accessory to murder , Levi , you be go to jail - kendall you can not threaten I - hardy jail if he 's lucky , the gas chamber if he 's not - kendall do not do anything - osborne laugh . osborne it do not matter , Levi . we be go to find that body and when we do , I be go to make sure one of they have a bullet in they that match you weapon - kendall what ? hardy that 's a fantastic idea - osborne see , I just take you gun to the morgue and fire it into one of they skull ; then I call every newspaper in the country with the story about how Senator kendall 's gay son go nut on a training mission - kendall ( beginning to panic ) it will not work - osborne it will and you know why ? ( more ) 74 . osborne because you be not a person anymore , you be a cadet in the United States Army ; you have no identity , no miranda warning , and no rights . so I be gonna throw you to the wolf , and unlike you I be gonna get away with it , because you be pissing I off ! she finish , breathe hard . kendall , totally cow . hardy , try to suppress a smile . osborne rise for the door . osborne enjoy you flight to Washington - kendall wait - osborne what . silence . kendall take a deep breath . kendall dunbar 's tell the truth . osborne wrong answer - kendall we do get we storey straight , but not because we kill anyone . ( pause ) it be because I threaten he . hardy why ? kendall because of what I see . ( pause ) who really kill West . osborne hold up the microrecorder and start the tape again . osborne who kill sergeant West ? kendall stare at the recorder . a long pause . osborne who , levi- kendall child . 75 . hardy how do you know ? kendall because I be stand next to he . he pause , take a shaky sip of water . kendall I be in on the px thing . he and Mueller and I , we be make thousand . West find out . child say we be just gonna scare he - use my dad 's clout . I have this whole speech prepare about how if he ratted we , he career be over . we meet he in the creek bed but before I say anything ... ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed -- last night West stand in front of child and kendall , face they . kendall open he mouth to speak , but child step forward and raise he rifle , firing ... int . kendall hospital room -- present day kendall I swear , I do not know he be gonna do it . after , he tell I we be gonna pin it on Pike , one of we biggest customer . int . cabin -- last night as they tie pike to the , chair . kendall ( v.o. ) nobody would believe the word of a black junkie ex- con against ours . child give kendall a look that say " stay quiet " . kendall ( v.o. ) he tell I I would better keep quiet , or I would end up the same as West . Pan over to dunbar , who bind he friend , sadly . kendall ( v.o. ) dunbar do not know anything about any of it . everything he tell you be true , except after ... 76 . ext . louisiana bayou -- last night dunbar pull kendall from the cabin 's wreckage . as kendall begin to talk to he , dunbar 's eye widen in shock . .. kendall ( v.o. ) I tell he what have really happen to West . told he to keep quiet about it or I would destroy he . because if it come out that I be involved with the whole px scam , my father would be finish . int . kendall hospital room -- present day kendall I scared dunbar into silence . he 's be try to cover for I the whole time . we get here , you come to see I ... I do not know if I could trust he with that kind of secret - osborne so you frame he . the same way child be go to frame Pike . kendall nod . crying a little . hardy Little advice , Levi , next time you frame a guy , pick someone who can not defend themselves . kendall say nothing . osborne what happen with nunez ? kendall he come after we . and I tell dunbar he have to kill he ... ext . clearing -- earlier that morning the helicopter , hover overhead . dunbar , carry kendall , spin he rifle to face nunez , sixty yard away . dunbar hesitates before fire , not want to ... kendall do it ! dunbar 's rifle erupt ... int . kendall hospital room -- present day kendall and he do . 77 . kendall finish , wiping he face . osborne turn to hardy . osborne that 's how you do good cop / bad cop . hardy smile and get up . walk slowly to kendall 's bed . hardy child do it , huh ? kendall nod , still a little teary . hardy first Pike , then Mueller , now child ? when be we get to the other ? when be we gonna hear about nunez ? flashcut to - nunez , in the creek bed , shoot west . hardy or dunbar ? flashcut to - now dunbar , shoot west . hardy or you , Levi ? when be it finally go to come out that you be the one who kill he ? flashcut to - kendall , shoot west . kendall I do not - hardy but you can not prove it ! you can not prove anything until we find the body ! kendall , cry harder now , beginning to shake . hardy you lie to we , Levi , you be go to the gas chamber unless you tell we where to find they ! kendall I do not know - hardy where be they ! kendall maybe - hardy maybe what - 78 . kendall maybe he - and then . his mouth slam shut . teeth crack together over and over again like a metronome on speed , and he body jerk horribly , go horizontal , shaking violently ! osborne , leaping to she foot . osborne get something between he tooth ! hardy grab a fork from the bedside table and try to shove it into kendall 's chatter mouth . his tooth , clamping down on the metal and hardy 's hand , draw blood . hardy shit ! the nurse burst into the room . nurse what be - osborne he 's a epileptic ! the nurse run to the bed , push hardy aside . as more medical personnel run into the room , they usher hardy and osborne to the door . doctor you be go to have to wait outside - osborne he 's a witness ! doctor it do not matter , outside - kendall f-f-f-f-f -f - fuh - osborne try to move to he , but the Doctor block she path . osborne he 's try to say something - doctor out , now . kendall fuh - fuh - fuh - fuh - fuh - osborne knock the Doctor down and run to kendall 's side . 79 . doctor security ! kendall look up , focus on osborne , a slight moment of clarity in he eye . kendall fuh - Fucking Pike . and relapse into another fit as security guard drag hardy and osborne from the room . int . base hospital -- waiting room -- day later . hardy and osborne sit in silence , eye downcast . wait . hardy pull he last cigarette from the pack , light it , crumple the pack and toss it into a garbage can . hardy I push he too hard . osborne you could not have know - hardy yeah , I could have . should have . osborne you want to get the truth . hardy no , I do not . I want to humiliate he . for what he do to dunbar . for fuck over the little guy . osborne you mean the falsely accuse ? hardy look up at she and nod . osborne you want to break he . hardy yeah . osborne so do I . she look back to the floor . hardy take a drag from the cigarette , and then toss that away too . the door open and style walk into the room . somber . style it 's over . time of death be 4:42 . ( more ) 80 . style ( cont 'd ) jag 's be notify and I call the Senator myself . my report will reflect that he medical condition make this unavoidable ... you two have no culpability in the matter . hardy that 's horseshit and you know it . style maybe . but it 's my fault and I will carry it . he sigh and take a seat next to they . style we find the cabin . demolish , like they say . no body . Hurricane like that coulda scoop them up , drop they down two county over . we will find they . hardy say nothing . style you think you could explain all this to I ? hardy I would not know where to start . ( pause ) I guess it be about one man frame another . he think if the other guy get blame , people would over look he own wrong doing . style nod , understanding . osborne what happen to dunbar now ? style get on he plane in ten minute , which mean you two be do . you will understand if I do not walk you out . hardy get up to go and then stop . realizing something . hardy they be take you command , be not they ? style the Senator ... he point to kendall 's hospital room . 81 . hardy I be sorry , Bill . style do not be . I be not cut out to deal with the West 's of the world . hardy you be a good soldier , Bill . style I think you say that be not a compliment . hardy smile . hardy this time it be . ext . fort mckinley -- parade ground -- evening the sun , beginning to dip in the sky , as hardy and osborne exit the hospital . osborne you car 's in the motor pool . I will walk you over . they walk in silence , for a bit . osborne so what now ? hardy now I go home , get drunk , and try and forget this ever happen . osborne think it will work ? hardy Nah . they pass a group of cadet do drill . hardy , watch they . almost look wistful . osborne you know , you never tell I why you leave the army . hardy it dawn on I one day that we be suppose to be a nation found on the principle of question authority ... and all I do here be follow order . it do not add up . 82 . hardy [ cont 'd ) plus , I get kick out . osborne for what ? hardy that 's gonna stay my secret . int . motor pool -- evening hardy and osborne make they way towards hardy 's car . osborne we be close to something with kendall . hardy maybe ... maybe we be nowhere near . sometimes mystery stay mystery . ( pause ) I have not by any chance grow on you , have I ? osborne no. hardy good , just make sure . osborne turn to the duty sergeant . osborne we be go need a vehicle release . the sergeant nod , walk up with a clipboard . sergeant sign here and here . ( recognize they ) hey , be not you the folk workin ' on that whole hulabaloo from last night ? osborne yeah . sergeant terrible tragedy . one of that section eight boy work in here . Pike . Heard he get out okay . hardy sign the clipboard and hand it back . hardy hate to be the bearer of bad news , sergeant , but he do not make it . 83 . the sergeant scratch he head . sergeant funny . I swear I see they bring he and the smaller guy in this morning . osborne no , no that be cadet dunbar - sergeant you mean Ray dunbar ? well , that be not right . hardy why not ? sergeant I see them get off the chopper . White guy , right ? two osborne so? sergeant ma'am , Ray dunbar 's black . hardy and osborne stare at he . shock a beat . sergeant do I say something wrong - hardy ( to osborne ) what runway 's that transport leave from ? osborne four - hardy get in . ext . fort mckinley -- parade ground -- evening cadet scatter as hardy 's car roar out of the motor pool , peeling across the grass towards the far side of the base ! hardy , white knuckling the wheel , do he best to steer around anyone who can not get out of the way in time . ext . fort mckinley runway four -- evening a large transport plane sit on the runway wait as three m.p. 's and a jag lawyer lead dunbar / Pike ( who , for purpose 0 continuity , we will continue to call dunbar ) out to it . 84 . the squeal of tire as hardy 's car slide around the corner of the nearest building and screech to a halt by the plane . hardy and osborne , leaping out , run towards dunbar and the m.p.s. osborne we need to talk to he - jag lawyer sorry , Officer , we have a schedule to keep - osborne we need to talk to he now . hardy grab dunbar by the arm . hardy we be not finish yet - dunbar you wanna bet ? jag lawyer m.p. 's , escort this man off the base ! dunbar ( smile ) sorry , detective . time 's up . as the m.p. 's grab hardy , drag he away . osborne , try to stop they . dunbar , climb the stair onto the plane ... osborne pull she sidearm , levelling it at he as hardy yell : hardy James randall Pike , come on down ! dunbar stop at the hatchway . slowly turn back to they . see the gun . the m.p. 's release hardy . nobody move . osborne let 's go have a talk . int . coffee room -- evening hardy and osborne roughly lead dunbar into the room , the jag lawyer trail behind , shouting : jag lawyer this be you entire career here - osborne fuck off . she slam the door and barricade it . turn to hardy . 85 . osborne we get maybe three minute till they break it down . hardy right back where we start . dunbar you want to talk about baseball now ? hardy practically throw dunbar into a chair . hardy no more game , right , Pike ? it be you who West single out ... flashcut to - west on the parade grounds , now strangling dunbar on the first day ... hardy you who get hook by Mueller 's morphine ... flashcut to - now dunbar in the shower as mueller hand he a syringe ... hardy you who do it all . hardy step forward and rip OPEN dunbar 's right sleeve , revealing the track mark . hardy you want revenge on West , revenge on they all , so you kill they . int . cabin -- last night dunbar stand in the cabin ; Mueller , child , and Pike , dead at he foot . hardy ( v.o. ) but that be not enough . you need a new identity , because no one be go to believe James randall Pike , convict felon , have act so nobly in the face of danger - you need a name people could trust , one that have not be to jail , one that have not publicly be West 's bitch boy . he stare down at the body in the cabin , he eye focus on the black man 's uniform . the name on it read - " dunbar " . as he reach for it ... 86 . int . coffee room -- present evening osborne you keep kendall alive to corroborate you story and he do it all they way up to the end . you even give he he own motive in case we decide to burn he , too . dunbar can not do that now , though , can you ? hardy you walk into the army a convict felon with a sentence of five year in a uniform and be go walk out eight week later with a different name , a clean record , and a honorable discharge - a guy who do " everything he could " to save he friend . dunbar look at they . one to the other . slowly . dunbar be that what I do , now ? and of course , you can prove all of it . osborne we can prove that you be not Ray dunbar . impersonate a fellow cadet be a court - martial in and of itself - dunbar do I ever claim I be Raymond dunbar ? be I ever tell to state my name rank and serial number for the record ? no . you assume who I be , because I be wear this uniform . do not believe I ? he reach under the table and rip out the hidden microphone . dunbar check you tape . hardy and osborne exchange a uneasy glance . hardy we do not need the tape - dunbar oh , you do not ? what else do you have on I ? you have not find any body yet , have you ? hardy we have find all of they . 87 . dunbar chuckle at the bluff . dunbar ohhhh , I do not think so ... osborne how do you know that ? dunbar just a guess . maybe they be not where they be suppose to be . maybe somebody move they . habeas Corpus - no body , no crime , and nunez still play as self defense . face it detective ... you have nothing . hardy , know he 's right . in a flash he reach down pull osborne's gun and grab dunbar , slamming he up against the wall , press the weapon to he temple ! hardy not true , cadet , I have get a gun - dunbar ( terrify ) Jesus ! osborne hardy , what be you do - hardy be not this how you story go ? Pike annoys someone so much he get shot in the head - dunbar please , please do not - a pounding on the lock door . hardy ignore it . hardy we can tie you to the chair if it will work better for you - osborne hardy , for chrissake - hardy where' west's body ? dunbar ( practically in tear ) you will never find it - hardy cock the pistol as dunbar scream : 88 . dunbar you will never find it cause he's not dead ! a crash as the door 's lock snap and m.p. 's pour into the room ! style and the jag lawyer behind , take in the scene . style what in God 's name be go on ? hardy release dunbar , who slide to the floor , gasp . dunbar he - he make I do it - hardy do what ? dunbar hunting - we have to hunt he - jag lawyer sergeant , arrest this man ! osborne you mean the exercise ? dunbar there never be a exercise ! never target , never team , I do not even know if there 's a creek bed out there - as the m.p. 's grab hardy and osborne , pull they away ... hardy what do you do ? jag lawyer that 's enough - hardy goddammit , what do you do ?! dunbar I couldn't kill he ! he break down sobbing . style hold up a hand to the m.p.' . style hang on . jag lawyer Colonel - style no . I want to hear this . 89 . the jag lawyer glower as the m.p. 's stand down . dunbar try to pull himself together . to hardy : dunbar you be right . I be the one he single out . beat I morning , noon , and night , run I rag . when Mueller find I , I be go . he give I a little taste ... int . cadet shower -- EIGHT week ago Mueller show the syringe to the naked dunbar . dunbar 's voice over speak in unison with Mueller : mueller and dunbar ( v.o. ) I get a friend with a in at the px , can hook you up ... int . coffee room -- present evening dunbar what I do not know , be he friend be West . he run the whole thing . style you be lie , son . dunbar you think it 's easy to have all that morphine just disappear without a higher up authorize it ? check the requisition order , I will lay money it 's he signature on they . int . section EIGHT barracks -- EIGHT week ago dunbar , alone , sleeve roll up , arm tie off : slide the needle into he vein ... dunbar ( v.o. ) that be he game , see ? ride the cadet so hard they would need something to stay on they foot . then he would send Mueller or kendall to they , wave around they magic needle promise to make it all go away . he hit the plunger , inject . his face go tranquil . int . coffee room -- present evening dunbar it be not a new thing either . he would be do this for year . ( more ) 90 . dunbar every nine week , a new class of cadet , new potential customer . the amount of money involved over that period of time ... this be some high stake shit . he take a deep breath , look at they . dunbar dunbar move he through the kitchen . I work in the motor pool and hook all the mechanic . by the time the hurricane hit , we be all in . some use , some push , some both . but then something happen . West hear one of we be about to talk , to blow he whole operation . he figure he would make enough money , have enough of the army , maybe it be time to disappear . but first he be gonna teach we one last thing . int . section EIGHT barracks -- last night West , enter the , barrack , shouting the cadet awake . dunbar ( v.o. ) the Tuesday night drill be the perfect cover . the hurricane make it even better . ext . fort mckinley -- tarmac -- last night the cadet , climb aboard the chopper . dunbar ( v.o. ) he put we on the chopper and fly we to he cabin . and then he tell we . int . cabin -- last night the six man stand in rigid formation , eye on West . west gentlemen ! it have come to my attention that there be a traitor in we midst . someone who be go to break the code of fraternal brotherhood that I have endeavor to create in all of you . perhaps that failure be mine . but we take care of we own . and this traitor must be make to pay . he walk down the line of the six man , eyeing each of they . finally stop at one . put a hand on he shoulder . 91 . nunez . west run. nunez Sir , I be not - west I know you be . cadet Mueller find the letter you would write to the Colonel in you locker . you be go to betray we all . now , run . he point to the door . the hurricane , raging outside . nunez look to the other , then the door , and understand . he take off run out the door . go . West walk over to a table cover with a tarp . pull the cloth aside to reveal m - 16' , pistol , and grenade . west now we will see whose training 's pay off the most . you be to hunt cadet nunez down and bring he body back to I . if you fail and he escape , we all go down together . the remain five cadet , understanding there be no place for friendship or kindness here . this be life and death . they walk to the table and gear up . ext . louisiana bayou -- last night lightn , thunder , and rain as nunez run unarm through the thick brush . somewhere behind he - the other five fan out , rifle up , follow he trail , ready to kill . dunbar ( v.o. ) it be insanity . we be hunt a man down to kill he . on mueller make he way down embankment , m-l6 out , ready for anything . from behind he , movement ... dunbar ( v.o. ) he get Mueller first . nunez tackle he at full speed , foot slipping on the wet hill , and the two tumble head first into a gully . punch , kick , bite , anything to stop the other man . 92 . nunez , choking Mueller as he strain to reach he gun ... mueller Roberto ... with a heave , nunez snap he neck . Mueller lie still . dunbar ( v.o. ) he take he gun . use it on child . nunez spin , see child behind he . he dive as child fire ! Hit the ground in a roll , come up with Mueller 's rifle , and shoot - blowing child back against the wet rock . dunbar ( v.o. ) I can not imagine what it be like . have you friend try to kill you ... nunez slump against the gully 's wall , breathe hard . in agony over what he 's just have to do . dunbar ( v.o. ) but you do what you have to survive . close he eye , nunez steel himself . wipe the blood from he hand and climb out of the gully . elsewhere pike , creep through the foliage . try to listen for sound of movement through the storm . his eye narrow as he hear a high pitched whine ... the bullet hit he forehead dead center . he crumple . pull back to reveal - nunez in a tree , thirty meter away . lower he rifle . he climb down . dunbar ( v.o. ) kendall and I find dunbar a couple minute later . time CUT to : dunbar and kendall come upon Pike 's fall form . they gaze down at the uniform emblazon with the name " dunbar " . dunbar ( v.o. ) it come to I in a split second . Change clothes , change identity . if James Pike get discharge he go right back to jail . but if I be dunbar , I could walk away from all this with a new life . but then ... as he reach down for the uniform , a shot ring out . 93 . kendall fall , wounded in the arm . dunbar raise he rifle to find nunez , stand ten yard away , gun train on he . yelling over the hurricane : nunez put it down ! a mexican stand -off . the rain continue to fall . dunbar I just want to go ! nunez shake he head . nunez you be gonna kill I , Pike ! think you be my friend ! dunbar , tear . he can not bring himself to shoot , but he can not surrender either . dunbar I have to get kendall to a hospital ! nunez he be gonna kill I too ! silence . the two man still face each other . nunez { cont 'd ) I snap Mueller 's neck ! he be my best friend and I have to snap he neck because he be gonna shoot I for drug ! for West ! dunbar we do not have to do this ! you go that way , I will go this way ! nunez laugh . nunez you will shoot I in the back ! dunbar you kill three people ! be not that enough for one night ? more silence . neither move . the sky above , a maelstrom . dunbar I do not want to die out here , Roberto ! do you ? nunez , stare at he . decide . 94 . nunez if you even twitch ... dunbar nod . nunez begin back away , rifle still train on he . and then dunbar spy something behind and to the leave of nunez ... West . stare down at he from behind some brush . watch . nunez , slowly back away . he pause as he foot catch on a fall branch . look away from dunbar for a split second to step over it ... West nod to dunbar as if to say " go on . . . " dunbar forgive I . .. and dunbar fire . nunez , catch by the burst , goe down . the echo of the gunshot , swallow by the storm . dunbar lower he head in agony . West walk down . west congratulation , cadet Pike . you get the gold star . dunbar stare at he sergeant through the rain . dun bar fuck you . West smile . tilt he head to kendall . west you would best get he out of here . do not worry about the body , they will be take care of . dunbar do not move . west this be where we part way , cadet . you tell they I die out here , or I will come back for you . tell they one of the other do I . Mueller , child , I do not care who . you and kendall , you tell they a story . ( smile ) you can tell a story , can not you ? dunbar do not reply . West laugh and flip he a salute . 95 . west dismiss . and West turn and walk away , step over nunez . give dunbar a clear shot at he back . dunbar raise he rifle , want , need , die to shoot the old man ... but he can not . West disappear into the bayou . a groan from the ground . kendall . dunbar 's reverie break , he lean down , beginning to unbutton the dunbar uniform ... int . coffee room -- present evening dunbar stub out a cigarette , finish . hardy , osborne , style , and the jag lawyer gape at what he have just say . dunbar I guess nunez be not dead after all . he come after we with a vengeance . ( to style ) you know the rest . hardy and the body ? dunbar you will not find they . wo not find West , either . he 's too good . osborne no body , no West ... hardy no death certificate . no crime . dunbar just four people mia . silence . the jag lawyer step forward . jag lawyer you will testify to this , the corruption , the drug scam ? dunbar say nothing . jag lawyer we can cut a deal for you on the nunez kill . dunbar I do not want any deal . 96 . jag lawyer if you be tell the truth , the px requisition record will prove it - dunbar all the proof you need will be when West come back and put a bullet in my brain . but I will do it . I be a dead man , anyway . like kendall . ( look at hardy ) we both should have die out there with we brother . I know that now . silence . the jag lawyer look to hardy , all anger go . jag lawyer I will take he now if you do not mind . hardy nod . dunbar rise and slowly walk to the door . turn back to hardy . dunbar tell I , detective . do you get what you want ? hardy shake he head , sadly . hardy not even close . they leave . style walk over to hardy . style Tom - hardy hold up a hand , cut he off . style nod , understanding , and leave , close the door behind he . hardy and osborne stand there . not speak . it 's do . int . fort mckinley -- officer's club -- night several hour and bourbon later , hardy sit at the bar , drunk and alone . out of place , the only one not in uniform . osborne walk in , locate hardy , and stride over to the bar , a sheaf of papers under she arm . her face , stoic . osborne we need to talk - hardy Seven . he take a slug of he drink . osborne what ? 97 . hardy Seven guy . what be it you say ? you be " just start to believe I be not the guy people say " . he chuckle . hardy { cont 'd ) Seven . that 's the answer to kendall 's question . how many ? Seven . osborne look at he . realizing what he 's say . osborne this be not the time - hardy this be the perfect time . you know what make a good detective ? the number of confession they get . you be a good detective , osborne . so now you get mine . osborne what if I do not want it ? hardy tough . he pour himself another drink . hardy thing about take money be , you do not have to do anything . you just sit there . maybe you do not return a phone call . maybe you do not follow up a lead . but that 's it . keep the money , you work 's do . osborne stare at he . hardy Seven unsolve murder . and you know what ? it do not weigh on my conscience . not one goddamn bit . he take a slug from he glass and grimace . osborne that 's not true . hardy there be degree of truth , officer . always degree . 98 . osborne you be a good man , hardy . hardy really . osborne Far as I be concerned , whatever you do in the past can stay in the past . hardy stare at she . hardy I may not be grow on you , but you be sure as hell grow on I . he motion to the bartender for another glass , but osborne take he hand , stop he . osborne and because you be a good man , I know you will do the right thing . hardy look at she , question . osborne take a deep breath . osborne Pike never make it to D.C. . somebody take he off the plane before it leave . my guess be he 's already dead . hardy stare at she . hardy West ? osborne nobody see . but I do not think so . she put the papers on the bar . osborne this be the requisition from the px , the one use to release the drug to Mueller . West sign half of they - Pike be tell the truth . look who sign the other half . she tap the bottom of the paper . hardy , not want to believe it . he look up at she , pain . hardy do I have a choice in this ? osborne yeah . I can wait till you be off the base and do it myself . 99 . hardy stare at he glass . decide . hardy fuck it . let 's go finish this . int . style ' office -- night style , finish he paperwork . he rise and turn off he desk light , bathing the office in darkness . he 's about to leave when he notice a silhouette in the doorway . hardy " you have to get out of the way of the bigger dog " . that be good . style squint at the figure . style Tom , be that you ? hardy step forward , into the office . hardy it be so good , I actually forget you be one of the bigger dog now . the base Commander . the one in control . you could not let he testify , could you ? style what be you talk about ? hardy if you let he testify then it would have all come out . West be suppose to take care of it out there , shut nunez up and then disappear . but it get messy and people get kill . so you call you old pal Tom hardy , figure if worse come to worse , he would cover for you . style you be drunk - hardy I be not go to cover for you , Bill . not for this . style , realize what hardy 's talk about . style look - he begin to move from behind he desk . 100 . hardy stay where you be . style or what ? you have go round the bend - hardy West have a partner . someone who know how to get thing do . hardy throw the papers onto style ' desk . hardy what I can not understand be why you sign this . if you would just let West take care of the paperwork , no one would have know , but you get careless . so when Pike finally tell the truth you have to get rid of he , too . style that 's preposterous - hardy toxicology report come back . kendall 's attack be cause by a drug know as anephadrine , maybe you have hear of it . it 's for asthmatics . if a epileptic take enough , it kill they . I check with the nurse at the hospital - you be the only other person who visit kendall . style want to see if he be okay - hardy you poison he , Bill . you hear we interrogation , you know he be ready to crack , so you kill he , just like Pike . style I be not even go to dignify that - hardy no ! you will stand there and you will listen ! what happen to you , Bill ? you be the one who join up to do good in the world . you be the one who believe in it - 101 . style you want to get into a finger point contest about character ? the army kick you out for drug , the cop fire you for take bribe from a mobster , and you think you can stand there and lecture I on code of conduct ? there 's only one criminal stand in this room and it 's you . hardy not for long . he walk towards the desk . hardy no more witness . West 's a ghost . but it do not matter because we have you signature , the hospital log , and kendall 's toxicology report . and that will be enough . style you be crazy - hardy you can not duck this , Bill . I may have do every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I will not let this happen . style for the last time , I have no idea what you be talk about - hardy ( squinting ) get you hand away from the desk ! in the darkness we see style move suddenly ... hardy osborne , gun ! hardy dive to the floor - osborne in the doorway , pistol raise , fire two shot ! muzzle flare lighting the room for a split second as style be blown back against the wall ! hardy get to he foot and flick on the light . style lie slump in the corner , two hole in he chest . Dead . osborne lower she weapon , shaking . hardy point to the top desk drawer , which be open . Inside it sit a ivory handle pistol . fully load , safety off . it 's presence tell they everything they need to know . 102 . osborne it 's West 's , be not it ? hardy nod and then turn to look down at style ' body . hardy now it 's over . ext . fort mckinley -- parade ground -- night the aftermath . flash blue and red light from park military Police vehicle illuminate the grounds as m.p . ' S string crime scene tape around the front entrance of the building , secure the site for investigation . hardy take in the entire scene from afar . stand by he gto , watch as several m.p. 's finish question osborne . when she 's do she spy hardy and walk over to he . osborne what be you do out here ? hardy leave without say goodbye . what be you gonna do ? osborne go home , get drunk , and try and forget this ever happen . hardy think it will work ? osborne Nah . hardy want company ? osborne smile . osborne a word of advice about woman - that first hour or so after they kill they boss ? probably not the best time to hit on they . hardy I should probably write that down . osborne yeah . . hardy pull a card from he pocket and hand it to she . osborne you phone number ? 103 . hardy in case you need I to testify about the shoot . they will clear you . a beat . osborne he be you friend . hardy yeah . but he be a lot of other thing , too . thanks . she nod . a awkward moment . finally : hardy I will see you . he turn away . walk towards he car . osborne hey , hardy ! he turn back . she walk up and hold something out to he . a ten dollar bill . osborne I owe you this . he look down at the money . hardy you save my life tonight . keep it . ( pause ) actually , do not keep it , I need the money . he take the bill and osborne laugh . he climb into he car and start it . grinning at she through the open window . hardy you be one of the good one , osborne . do not sweat the detail . he put the gto in gear and drive off . she watch he go , then look down at he card . smiling . maybe she will call . int . osborne's apartment -- night a bottle of scotch at she side , osborne slip a tape mark " BASIC training intro - sgt . n. west " into she vcr . settles back to watch it . West 's face fill the screen . west welcome , cadet . the art of warfare be simple and complex . simple in its goal , complex in its execution . 104 . int . hardy gto ( moving ) -- night it 's start to rain . hardy drive in silence . west as Sun tzu write , the true warfare be deception . a hitchhiker up ahead . hardy pull over for he . int . osborne's apartment -- night osborne , drink and watch . west at all time you must confuse you enemy , surround they with uncertainty , give they false hope . int . hardy gto -- night the hitchhiker get into the car . west at all time , you must mask you true intention . hardy , smile at he , because the hitchhiker be not a hitchhiker at all ... hardy ( v.o. ) why would you ask for a cop , Ray ? the hitchhiker be dunbar . osborne ( v.o. ) they get they storey straight . . . ext . louisiana bayou -- creek bed -- last night 24 hour ago . the hurricane rage . a hand pull the pin on a phosphorous grenade and chuck it . it blow , fry brush and nothing more . West come over the hill , run to investigate . he stop at what he see . nunez stand unarm in the creek bed , surrounded by the other section eight cadet . a prisoner . west what the fuck be go on ? dunbar you weapon , sergeant . West do not move . kendall walk over and disarm West , push he into the circle next to the terrify nunez . 105 . west be this about that little drug business you all be run ? yeah , I know about that , Roberto tell I - nunez shut up ! look , we will not say anything - west fuck that . you little pisser really think you can throw a scare into I ? dunbar raise he rifle and shoot nunez . he go down , twitches once and lie still . Dead . West look at dunbar . west you be gonna have to do a lot better than that , son . hardy ( o.s. ) how about this ? and with that , Tom hardy emerge from the brush carry , a combat knife . West 's eye sparkle with recognition . west do not I kick you ass out for this drug thing fifteen year ago ? hardy just smile . west should have know you be involved in this . come on then . let 's see you try and stick I - move faster than West think imaginable , hardy move and the knife flash , cutting west OPEN stem to sternum . hardy grip the older man by the shoulder , lowering he to the ground as he die . whisper in he ear : hardy stem to sternum . you teach I well , sarge . and west die . a moment of utter silence and then voice from the past begin come back to we : style ( v.o. ) you think you could explain all this to I ? kendall walk over to hardy and hand he a pistol . hardy ( v.o. ) I would not know where to start . kendall hold out he arm , gritting he tooth ... 106 . hardy ( v.o. ) I guess it be about one man frame another ... and hardy shoot kendall once , through the arm . ext . clearing -- this morning Mueller and child lay nunez 's dead body out in the brush . the sound of the helicopter approach ... time CUT to : dunbar raise he rifle and fire towards the tree line . aiming at nothing . the helicopter come into view overhead . dust kick up around dunbar and kendall - bullet hit . hardy ( v.o. ) when you commit a crime you know be go to be investigate , you need a fall guy .. . on style ' face - watch this through the windscreen . style ( v.o. ) the one who will not talk be trading live fire with the dead one as we reach the pick -up . rack focus to - hardy , conceal in the wood , firing at dunbar and kendall 's foot to simulate nunez shoot at they . dunbar , shoot towards where nunez 's body lie . make it look like he just kill nunez . ext . fort mckinley -- this morning hardy arrive at the Fort , embracing style . hardy and for that to work , you have to have a witness ... pan over to osborne , watch . hardy ( v.o. ) someone who 's not involved , who 's word can not be question ... various shot -- of hardy and osborne , investigate the case , talk to dunbar , talk to kendall ... hardy you only let they see what you want they to see , you make they believe ... 107 . int . officer's club -- earlier osborne , show hardy the requisition form . osborne ( v.o. ) they believe the innocent be guilty and the guilty be innocent . ext . fort mckinley -- earlier after shoot style , osborne give she story to the m.p. 's . hardy ( v.o. ) and if they be ask , that 's what they will tell the world . int . osborne's apartment -- present night osborne , watch the tape West . west you great weapon will by you ally . . . int . coffee room -- earlier hardy , take a cigarette from dunbar 's pack . hardy my brand . must be my lucky day . int . kendall hospital room -- earlier kendall , cough fit . hardy , get he a glass of water . west ( v.o. ) . . . some of which you may have to sacrifice for the great good . hardy , secretly dissolve a powder into kendall 's water . hardy ( v.o. ) we get the toxicology report . . . int . style ' office -- earlier hardy , confront style in the dark . west ( v.o. ) make no mistake , the innocent will die . . . osborne , firing twice into style . as he hit the wall 108 . hardy ( v.o. ) next time you frame a guy , pick someone who can not defend themselves ... but it will not be in vain . sometimes , you can trick the enemy into do you work for you . . . osborne , stare down at west's pistol . hardy ( v.o. ) he still carry that gun ? int . style ' office -- earlier earlier . alone , hardy plant West 's pistol in style ' desk . west ( v.o. ) ... if you engage in a clever enough subterfuge . int . base px -- backroom -- earlier hardy stand behind kendall and dunbar , oversee they as they fill out requisition form . kendall sign West 's signature , dunbar sign style ' . hardy ( v.o. ) what I can not understand be why you sign this ... as we move into a close up on hardy : osborne ( v.o. ) you never tell I why you get kick out of ... style ( v.o. ) the army kick you out for drug ... mueller and dunbar ( v.o. ) I get a friend with a in at the px , can hook you up ... style ( v.o. ) there 's only one criminal stand in this room and it 's you . int . osborne's apartment -- night osborne , watch the tape of West 's speech . west which bring we to the simple goal . for the true warrior , the one and only objective be to emerge from conflict unscathed . 109 . ext . ROADHOUSE parking lot -- present night the gto pull into a space and hardy and dunbar get out . hardy ( v.o. ) I promise they I would ask you where West and the other be ... dunbar ( v.o. ) washout reject , guy he say be " dumbfuck too stupid to know they dead " ... hardy ( v.o. ) he 's tell the truth up to a point ... they walk towards the bar 's entrance . hardy ( v.o. ) you can not prove anything until we find the body ... pike all we gotta do be tell the story right ... dunbar ( v.o. ) you have not find any body yet , have you ... as hardy and dunbar push through the door into the bar ... hardy ( v.o. ) where be they ? int . ROADHOUSE -- night a table of four men look up as hardy and dunbar enter . Mueller , child , Pike , and the motor Pool duty sergeant . all drink beer , have a grand old time . style ( v.o. ) habeas Corpus - you have to have a body to have a crime . hardy and dunbar smile and go to join they . int . osborne's apartment -- present night as the tape West conclude he speech . west thank you . 110 . the screen cut to static . osborne turn off the tv , extinguish the last source of light . over the darkness : west ( v.o. ) you can tell a story , can not you ? ext . ROADHOUSE parking lot -- night silence . we slowly move towards hardy 's park gto ... hardy ( v.o. ) murder be basic . focus on the trunk ... hardy ( v.o. ) there be no conspiracy , no grand mystery , no evil puppet master behind it all , pull the string . int . gto trunk -- night west's body , stuff into the trunk of hardy 's car . hardy everyone 's capable of murder , osborne . ext . clearing -- this morning dunbar lay the wounded kendall down as the helicopter carry style come in for a landing . dunbar wipe the sweat from kendall 's brow and ask he seriously : dunbar be you ready for this ? roll credit fade out