black we hear " waltze matilde , " by Tom wait . int . museum of modern art - day ( dream sequence in grainy black and white ) fade out music . silence . a well - dress black boy and he mother walk through several gallery . they stand before Picasso 's " Guernica , " hold hand . the mother be disturb . crying . the boy look up , confuse and frighten , concerned to see he mother cry in public . she look at he tenderly . her brow furrow . she stop cry . she stare just above he eye . something 's happen : she look with wonder at the top of he head ... he eye roll upward , try to see - it 's a crown ! he raise he hand . he touch it . a beam of light illuminate the crown , casting its glow on he mother 's face . the beam get whiter , the rest of the screen get black . int . cardboard BOX silence . in darkness , we hear a voice - imbue with a sense of its own history : voice ( o.s. ) everybody want to get on the Van gogh boat . there 's no trip so horrible that someone will not take it . the idea of the unrecognize genius slave away in a garret be a deliciously foolish one . we must credit the life of Vincent Van gogh for really send this myth into orbit . how many picture do he sell ? one ? he could not give they away . we be so ashamed of he life that the rest of art history will be retribution for Van gogh 's neglect . no one want to be part of a generation that ignore another Van gogh . the beam of light shine through a small hole . it fall upon a sleep , dream , delighted face . it belong to jean michel basquiat . outdoor , daytime sound filter in . hear the voice , Jean frown at be wake up . ext . tompkin square park - day a long , rectangular cardboard box . super : " new york CITY " angle on : rene ricard ( early 30' ) , seat at a park bench , hunch over a notebook . he 's a raggedy dandy : a poet in a hood sweatshirt and white hightop . as he write , he read aloud , as if address posterity . rene ( cont 'd ) ( sighing theatrically ) in this town one be at the mercy of the recognition factor . one 's public appearance be absolute . Beyond he , a hand grope its way out of the box . it toss a can of yoohoo chocolate drink . rene ( cont 'd ) I consider myself a metaphor of the public . I be a public eye . I be a witness . a head appear from the box . it 's jean' . Jean see the start of a crisp , colorful autumn day . the urban park around he be alive with a typically full range of the good and bad in life . he ease himself out of the oversize box in which he have spend the night . there 's something about the way that he stand while waking up that suggest he 's almost surprised at he own body , the adultness of he limb - just a subtle hint of he come out of a dream . he squint in the sunlight . he have a soft , gentle , haitian face . his hair be pull tight to he head . he wear two pair of blue jeans ( one cut like chap over the other ) a paint - cover wesleyan University T-shirt , and the inside lining of a overcoat . his appearance be unruly , but it 's deliberate . he 's stylish . he shake himself off and collect he stuff , which include : a small book of pontormo drawing , a can of black spray paint . and a cigar box make into a loudspeaker with pencil hole and mask tape . Jean walk out of the park and look up past the building at the sky : superimposed in the sky - stock footage of a hawaiian surfer Jean see the surfer , ' riding the nose ' in glisten , shimmer sunlight . dissolve to : ext . tompkin square park - day rene grab the box for use as a desk and continue to speak out loud as he write . rene ( cont 'd , o.s. ) part of the artist 's job be to get the work where I will see it . ext . lower east side ST . - day as he speak , we see Jean pass the wall of a funeral parlor . he spraypaint : " samo as a alternative to GOD " rene ( cont 'd , o.s. ) when you first see a new picture , you do not want to miss the boat . you have to be very careful because you may be stare at Van gogh 's ear . Jean sign he word with he ' logo ' , a triple point crown . as he press the spray can , we hear the roar of a breaker . CUT to : insert : closeup of sidewalk press into the concrete be a pair of eyeglasses . a light - color piece of rock complete the picture to make a face . ext . leshko' restaurant - day jean' Pov : his shoe pause next to the face in the concrete . CUT to : in front of the restaurant be a metal billboard with red plastic magnetize letter that read : " today' special : clam chowder $ 1.50 . try it !!! " CUT to : int . leshko be - day Jean enter . CUT to : ext . leshko' restaurant - day the sign . it now read : " samo' day old teeth $ 5.00 " CUT to : int . leshko' restaurant - day bend over a countertop , we see gina cardinale , 22 . he fixate on she . she look up and notice he stare . she continue to work . still stare at she , he sit down at a table . he pour maple syrup onto the table . he draw in the syrup with he finger . close on syrup on table another waitress arrive at he table . she 's put off by the syrup . waitress what will it be ? Jean think about it , eye still follow gina . basquiat ummm . it will be great . we will live together in peace . what 's she name ? ( indicate gina ) he look up at the waitress . waitress gina . what will it be ? basquiat pancake . she leave and whisper something to gina . gina turn and glance over at Jean . Jean pour more syrup and start write he name . at the grill , leshko , the burly owner / cook , have he watchful eye on Jean . he do not like what he see . Jean smear the syrup thinly , so it do not erase itself . he draw a picture of gina , use he finger and the silverware , rendering she last expression strikingly with a few quick line . a gaunt young man saunter up to Jean 's table . he 's sort of a tall Puerto rican Alain delon with sleepy eye . he be benny . benny hey - Willie may . basquiat Willie may . suddenly , rene ricard enter - a one - man parade . he beckon to gina , snap he finger . rene nurse !!! oh !!! nurse !!! carrot juice . tofu burger . rapido ! gina we do not serve that - amigo . rene Fine ... a greasy cheeseburger . fries - and a vodka . basquiat ( under he breath ) who 's that ? benny the Devil , man . rene ricard . Art critic - write for artforum . people read he . tell he who you be .. basquiat who be I ? benny samo . basquiat oh yeah .. rene land at the counter . Jean 's gaze be still on gina . she wait on a man at a nearby table . customer how 's the special today ? gina it 's you stomach . she hurry past Jean . basquiat hey . she slow down , not want to . basquiat ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? she look at she portrait in the syrup ... she can not resist smile . gina it 's I . I have never be do in maple syrup . here 's a rag . gina smile . she offer he one . as she hold it out , they eye lock . she try to resist he smile . basquiat ( gently ) gina ? she put she finger in the syrup and lick it off . benny take it all in . leshko be upon they . leshko alright . look at you , stare at this girl , make a mess . he wave Jean toward the door . Jean take gina 's rag and begin clean he mess , seemingly compliant . basquiat how about that pancake ? he bring out a roll of dime to the tabletop and split it open . dime roll all over the table and stick in the syrupy part . the manager explode . leshko ok ! Goodbye ! gina pipe down , lech . let he order . leshko you nut ? let he order ? you on he side ? you be not such a good waitress . you get out , too . gina I just do not think you be be fair . leshko I need this ? gina I need this ? gina quietly remove she apron in disbelief . benny get up to leave very casually . benny ( wave g'bye to Jean ) Willie may . leshko ( to gina ) that 's right . you go with they . make baby the government have to pay for . CUT to : gina and jean leave the restaurant . behind they , we see rene , absorb in he write . ext . ave . a - day they stand outside , not know quite what come next . Jean give benny a look ( i.e. ' scram ' ) . benny catch you later . benny leave . a chilly wind pick up . Jean 's mood be suddenly downcast . they button up they overcoat , about to leave . gina what 's a job , anyway ? ( pause ) what 's wrong with you ? the truth be , he feel awful for cause gina 's trouble , but show it by mope like a child . gina ( cont 'd ) no , do not tell I - you just get fire by you crazy boss . basquiat I guess you do . gina guess I just get sick of he . basquiat can I walk you home ? gina I think I could do that alone . gina walk away . he run after she . basquiat wait , I be in a band .... we be at the mudd Club on Halloween . I will put you on the list . gina turn and look back at Jean . gina I hate the mudd Club . he catch up to she . gina notice a dead leaf in he hair and pick it out . gina ( cont 'd ) have you be camp ? you could use a scrub . basquiat I be clean . smell I . I always smell good . I do not know why , I just do ! he lean forward , offer he neck . gina ( smell ) you do ! you definitely do . basquiat just come to the mudd Club on Friday . gina I do not go there . too many party girl . basquiat Party girl ? can I call you ? gina ( teasing he ) yeah , if you have any dime leave . 477-0496 . he write she number on he pant cuff with a big fat magic marker . basquiat here , this be for you . I make this . he hand she the small speaker . she take it . gina thanks . she admire the speaker watch he walk off . ext . mental hospital ( outside the CITY ) we see Jean crossing a lawn outside a mental hospital . int . mental hospital - recreation / visiting room - day psych . patient fill a cavernous day- room engage in art and craft . some of the sadder patient stare off into space as Jean cross the room . he carry a plate of cookie and a full glass of milk . he approach a sad , nice - look , middle - age black woman - the same one from the dream , earlier . she sit alone fondle a pillow in she lap . it 's he mother , matilde . she do not see he come . as he set the plate in front of she , she notice he . she recognize he and seem pleased , even in she isolation . he kiss she on the cheek . basquiat hey , mom . she smile slightly . Jean take a cookie . she do likewise . they eat in silence , look at each other , communicate what they can . time pass . in between cookie she finger find and break the stem of the pillow feather . basquiat ( cont 'd ) I meet the girl I be gonna marry . his mother brighten . she drink the milk . they finish the cookie . matilde do you like it here ? basquiat I would like it better in Hawaii . int . cardboard BOX - night Jean try to sleep in the box . rain fall heavily onto it . drop of water hit he face . he will it to stop . it do not . finally , he can not stand it . rain force he blink eye open . int . benny's apartment - night a door open to reveal Jean 's wet face . benny let he in . Jean enter a rundown railroad flat cramme with musical instrument , beer can , and homemade art . there 's a couch with a sheet over it . junk be pile in a corner - mostly art book and drawing . benny sit down at a electric piano , which he 's evidently play . he sing along , softly , work out the word , concentrate , absorb . Jean set he belonging on the couch , walk to a mic stand and start make up he own word . basquiat " she love I . oh yeah she love I ! she loooooves I , oh yeah she love I ! " bring I some chicken , baby ! benny would you shut the fuck up ? you hear what I be do ? basquiat yeah man . I be jealous . you be always great , benny . ( go back into ' act ' ) " her name be g-i -n-a gina and she lo-oove I . " I do say chicken ! benny turn off the piano and light a roach , angry at Jean 's self - centeredness . Jean dig through a pile of garbage . finally , he find what he 's look for - a pile of " samo baseball card " - color xerox of he favorite image and word . he pocket they . basquiat ( cont 'd ) I know I leave this somewhere . one of this will send you kid to college someday . ( hand it to benny solemnly ) here - I make this for you . benny thanks . ( beat ) you dad call again - something about a job . he hand Jean a slip of paper . he notice the number on Jean 's pants . benny ( cont 'd ) you get a date already ? basquiat ( exhaling ) we be get marry . she say she could tell I be a great artist - she could see it in my eye . she say she want to be by my side and have inter-racial baby with I . benny grin . he grab a basketball and spin it expertly on he index finger . benny g'night ... see you in court tomorrow . Jean turn on the tv . he notice the roach . he pick up the paper benny give he with the message from he father and set it on fire . he light the roach with it . he look up ; on television , we see a bum be interview . Jean turn up the volume . the bum 's on the ground , look beat up . Jean pick up a pocket recorder and turn it on : bum the guy just hit I and I be on the ground !!!! boom , for real . Jean mute the sound on the tv . he rewind and proudly play back the word " boom , for real . " he pick up the phone and dial . he turn on the speakerphone . Jean hold the recorder to the speaker as someone answer the phone . ( Jean walk in and out of frame throughout the follow . ) voice hello ? basquiat ( deadpan ) I - be this the s-s-suicide h-h-hotline ? voice yes . my name be Chris . what 's yours ? basquiat Jean Michel . CHRIS that 's a beautiful name . french ? basquiat haitian . I be go to kill myself . I be take pill . reds , blue , green . Jean open he notepad and look down a long list of seemingly random word . he come to the word ( in order ) " liquid , hijack , " and " marlboros . " CHRIS what ? wait a minute ... talk to I . basquiat ( about to sob ) life do not ... make ... sense . this city 's k-killing I . I want my liquid hijack marlboros ! CHRIS what ? life 's beautiful . Depression be not permanent . do not you believe that ? ( pause ) what be it - do you girlfriend leave you ? basquiat no ! I have a boyfriend . he love I . Jean spy a electric pencil sharpener and plug it in . CHRIS you see ? you have someone to live for . basquiat no , I do not . I be alone . we all be . especially here . the world 's unjust . the respect fool get . the disrespect I get . CHRIS what be it you want ? respect ? I have respect for you , just for make this call . one philosopher say " sadness be a sin against the richness of the world . " think about it . feel it . basquiat you do not even know I . I want real respect . he jam a pencil into the electric sharpener and hold the receiver right next to it , give the guy a earful : rrrrkkkkkkk !!! angle on close up - a speaker . it fill the screen . we continue to hear : CHRIS ( o.s. ) ( beat ) what ? what do you want ? basquiat ( break loose ) Fame . my liquid hijack marlboros and the moon and the cow that jump over it . camera pull back from speaker to reveal : int . mudd club - halloween night Jean and benny be on stage with two other guy , member of the band Gray . everyone but Jean be dress in some sort of Halloween costume . we hear the word " boom , for real " blast from the p.a. system . what follow be a continuation , a collage of word from Jean 's " suicide hotline " call - p.a . one philosopher say " give I my liquid hijack marlboros . life 's beautiful . you have someone to live for . what do you want ? rkkkk ! that 's a beautiful name ... french ? Jean sit in a chair onstage with he band member . benny play the organ . the other band member play percussion and guitar . it work . the crowd love it . the song end abruptly . we begin to hear James Brown 's " sex Machine . " Jean look out into the crowd and notice gina . she 's look right back at he from the bar . please to see she face , he say to himself - basquiat boom , for real . we see he walk offstage into the crowd . they meet . basquiat ( cont 'd ) I think you hate this place ? gina I do . ( beat ) I just say that . I be never here before . I actually like it . music segues into pil 's " Public image " . basquiat let 's get out of here . he lead she towards the exit . they step out of the club . ext . mudd club - night high , wide angle it 's raining heavily . Jean motion for gina to wait under the entrance . he try to hail a cab ... and another . and another . a parade of they pass , but each time they slow down , they get a glimpse of Jean and drive off . finally , gina step out of the entrance . she raise she hand , and a car pull over instantly . int . cab - night they scurry into the backseat . the cab pull off . ext . chinese restaurant - night through a steamy , rain - wet window , we see Jean and gina seat at a table , dining . they seem to be have a nice time . int . gina's apartment - next morning gina lay in bed . daylight stream into the apartment . jackhammer rattle outside . ( Music : reggae song - errol scorcher 's " cockroach in de corner . " ) extreme closeup a cockroach crawl from gina 's bedroom across the floor and into the kitchen where Jean sit naked on the floor , work on a draw . it crawl over he draw towards a cardboard box . Jean rummages through a cabinet . he find a can of bugspray . Jean tear off a side of the box . with cardboard in one hand and bugspray in the other , he forget the cockroach . he 's mesmerize by the list of ingredient on the aerosol can . someone pound furiously at the door . ignoring the pound , he start list the ingredient on the piece of cardboard , finish he new draw by include a symbol of a cockroach to the leave of the list . landlady miss cardinale ... open up for I , please ! he get up and peek through the security hole . he see a middle - age Hispanic woman reach to unlock the door . he open it . landlady ( cont 'd ) ohhh , dios mio ! she stare at he levelly . landlady ( cont 'd ) I just want the rent . basquiat why do not you say so ? damn ! she 's asleep ! Jean draw on a piece of paper on the counter next to he . he hand it to the landlady . it 's a a little shack with a big head next to it that say " ' here ' for Rent . " the landlady look at he like he 's crazy . she ball up the draw and put it in she pocket . gina arrive in the doorway , wear a robe . the landlady 's trap between they . gina ( to Jean ) what be you do ? the landlady wag she finger at gina . landlady next Monday . gina and Jean look amused as they watch she leave . basquiat wanna go get some breakfast ? gina a friend of mine offer I a job do a little work install a show in a gallery . he 's a electrician . I be suppose to be there a hour ago . she look at the bugspray draw on the floor . gina ( cont 'd ) ohh , that 's nice . Jean kiss she neck as she look at the draw . we hold on the draw . int . mary boone gallery - day White dust sprinkle down onto Jean 's face from the ceiling . unable to use he hand , he try to blow the dust out of he eye ... his boss , greg , a mild - mannered hippie electrician , work above he on the ladder . Jean steady the ladder . greg 's head be out of frame . the gallery be a impressive space under preparation for a open . greg Jean , could you get I a Phillips screwdriver ? basquiat a what ? greg a Phillips head . from the toolbox . basquiat yeah . Jean search through the toolbox . he pick up a screwdriver and read the handle : " craftsman " basquiat ( cont 'd ) ' Phillips head , ' right ? greg yeah . Jean shake he head and put it back . he try a couple more - they each say " craftsman . " he put they back . finally , he find one with a different handle . it say " g.s.c. 2000 . " basquiat you do not have any !!! greg that 's impossible . I have get , like , five of them ! he come down off the ladder . greg ( cont 'd ) you be hold one in you hand !!! ( beat ) you have never do this kind of work before , have you ? ( demonstrate ) see , this be a regular screwdriver , and this be a Phillips head . the cross thing ... I will tell you later what all the tool be so you will know . a group of people arrive . Albert milo come into view , tail closely by rene ricard and mary boone - well dress , petite , intense , 30 . milo , ( also about 30 ) , wear casual clothes splatter with paint . Mary boone be engage in conversation with milo . rene chatter away . greg climb back up the ladder . he hold a piece of wire down to Jean . Jean stare at the group while try to be invisible . rene I need to make a call , Mary . you do not mind , do you ? mary boone certainly not . you can use my line . rene pick up the phone . rene to Paris . Bernard Picasso - ( to Mary ) you know Bernard - mary boone ( wince ) be my guest . Jean watch the group talk . greg Jean ? hold this , please . ( beat - he see why Jean 's so distract ) you will get there . but it 's good to have something to fall back on . that 's why I become a electrician . it pay the rent . y'know , I be a artist , too . basquiat I do not know . greg I sculpt . I be really just start to find myself . how old be you ? twenty ? you be just like I use to be . I be forty -one . and I be glad I have not get any recognition . it give I time to develop . Jean watch Mary and milo talk . mary boone ( to milo ) I can not tell you how happy I be with this show . Mary yell across the room to Jean . mary boone ( cont 'd ) ( she tone impersonal ) Excuse I - you - what 's you name ? would you move that tool there and put they somewhere else ? he look at she . milo watch to see what he 's go to do . basquiat ( to milo ) my name be Jean Michel basquiat . have you hear of I ? albert milo ( amused ) no. should I have ? basquiat I be a painter , too . albert milo really . huh . too bad . mary boone Excuse I , would you please move that tool ? Jean look at milo . milo look back at he . Jean walk past the tool and continue toward the door . he walk out without turn around . milo smile to himself . ext . boone gallery - albert milo open - dusk the art world crowd fill the gallery . Jean lurk across the street , watch through the window . cab and limousine line the block . a crowd outside block the street . Jean 's obviously impressed , jealous and estrange - he feel entitle to all this . he cross the street to get a closer look . through the window he see Albert milo talk with andy warhol and bruno bischofberger . Andy , of course , be thin , silver - haire , and nearly albino . bruno be a swiss art dealer in he 40' . he exude money - a pillar of security . on the other side of the room , rene ricard be surround by a coterie of young , mostly black and hispanic male . rene look drunk , enjoy the moment , hold court . rene cross to Albert and Andy . people pass by . Jean start to walk . about half a block away , he spray on a wall : " the whole livery line bow like this with the big money all crushed into these feet " he look pleased . he turn and look up West Broadway beyond the building at the sky : superimposed in the sky we see a surfer emerge from a huge wave . he look powerful and exalt . CUT to : ext . basketball court - day angle on : a wall . we see the follow graffity : " jimmy best on he back to the suckerpunch of he childhood year " a basketball bounce against a wall . Jean and benny amble onto a basketball court . Jean 's change he hairstyle . now the dreadlock stand straight up from he head . benny dribble with skill while Jean puff furiously on a cigarette . he do not look like he 's sleep , but he 's happy . benny throw the ball to Jean . it bounce off a puddle and splashes Jean . benny come on , Jean . get rid of you cigarette . concentrate . basquiat I be ... on gina. ( beat ) fuck - I do not think we be actually gonna do this . benny concentrate on the ball . shoot . Jean shoot . it fly up , up , up - and over the backboard . he run after the ball , get it , and dribble clumsily . benny you be shatter all my myth . basquiat about what ? benny you people . basquiat oh - you mean black people ! he shoot and miss again . he throw it to benny , who do a picture - perfect lay-up . basquiat ( cont 'd ) ( change the subject ) how long do you think it take to get really famous ? during the follow , benny perform a series of amazing shot while Jean look on admiringly . benny for a musician or a painter ? Jean shrug . basquiat whatever . famous . to where you can do you stuff all day without think about anything else . benny ummm ... four year . six to get rich . he shoot . swish . benny ( cont 'd ) first , you have to dress right . he shoot again . swish . benny ( cont 'd ) then , you have to hang out all the time - with famous people - the right people , the right chick , the right party . he shoot again . swish . benny ( cont 'd ) and you gotta do you work all the time when you be not do that . the same kinda work , the same style - over and over again , so people recognize it and do not get confuse . then , once you be famous , you have to keep do it the same way , even after it 's boring - unless you want people to really get mad at you - which they will anyway . benny toss Jean the ball . Jean walk off the court . basquiat come on . I hate this . I be no good at it . Jean shoot the ball and keep walk . the ball go in . he do not notice . benny run after it . ext . houston ST . - dusk benny and Jean walk along . benny dribble . benny famous people be usually pretty stupid . you be too smart . you would get bored to death . you do not wanna be like John Henry - fight the machine . just do what you do . it 's about integrity . follow you heart . basquiat who 's John Henry ? benny oh man ! folklore guy - work on the railroad . y'know , pound in spike and lay down track . then one day they invent a machine to do it . and he say " fuck that , I be a man " and he challenge the machine to a race to lay down a mile of track . it take two day . neck and neck the whole time . they get right to the end , and he beat it by one spike . ( pause ) get a cigarette ? basquiat so then what ? benny he drop dead ! see ? just do you shit like you do it ! you friend like you , you get laid , everyone walk by , see you stuff everywhere . it 's good . what else do you want ? they watch a long stretch limo cruise up across the street . basquiat like I say - my liquid hijack marlboros . ( indicate limo ) check it out . the limo driver open the back door . Andy Warhol and bruno bischofberger step out . basquiat ( cont 'd ) Andy Warhol . he 's famous and he 's not boring . insert : a image of andy'' painting at the whitney museum ( footage from jonas mekas film ) Jean scrounge in he pocket , pull out he xerox card , and ready himself as bruno and Andy enter ballato's restaurant . benny what be you do ? you be do something . basquiat he 's the best painter in the world . I be gonna give he one of this . benny do not give he anything , man . you art 's worth a lot . Trade . that 's what real artist do with each other . besides , he will just use you . he 's famous for that . benny watch Jean cross the street . Jean pass the limousine . Inside , the driver ( a 24 - year old rasta ) take a hit from a joint and watch Jean . close on the driver 's eye . CUT to : driver' Pov : he watch Jean cross the street . Jean enter the restaurant . int . ballato be - day Jean enter . Andy and bruno spot he . the maitre would become alarmed . but it 's too late - he 's at they table . he spread he card on the table . the topmost card read " redeemable because of he youth . " Andy stare dead ahead , sphinxlike . bruno watch the non-interaction between the two . maitre 'd ( to Jean , flustered ) can I help you ?. he tap Jean 's shoulder . maitre'd ( cont 'd ) ( to Jean ) Sir ...? bruno ( sympathetically ) I think it 's ok . maitre'd of course , Mr. bischofberger . bruno pick up one of the card . basquiat you wanna buy some ignorant art ? ten buck . andy warhol ignorant art ? basquiat yeah ... like - stupid , ridiculous , crummy art . andy warhol ohhh . that 's new . that sound good . basquiat ten buck apiece . andy warhol I can give you five . you do not do very much to this . basquiat you do not even work on you stuff ! bruno it do not matter how much you work on they . it matter how much you can get for they . basquiat I can get ten . andy warhol I will take two . this one and ... that one . ( to bruno ) can I borrow some money , bruno ? bruno pull out a hundred dollar bill . bruno here . do you have change ? as waiter arrive with the tray , Jean pocket the bill . basquiat you make a good deal . here , you can have this , too . he leave all the card and walk toward the door . bruno' Pov : Jean leave past stupify maitre would . ext . gina's apartment - day Jean and benny be outside the entrance to gina 's building . Jean carry two huge bag overflow with grocery and flower . he buzze . there 's no answer . basquiat I will be right back . he produce a key and let himself in . he enter the building . int . gina's apartment - day Jean set the grocery on the counter and leave . we notice the bugspray painting on the wall , along with more of Jean 's work and supplies . ext . gina's apartment - dusk Jean rejoin benny in front of gina 's building . as they be leave , gina come up the street . basquiat ( to benny ) check you later , man . benny hi gina . gina hi . int - gina's apartment - day Flowers and grocery be strewn on the counter . fade to black fade in : over the follow montage we hear : rene ( o.s. ) ... ' apt 20 ' ... the church bell would ring at noon and six a.m.. 24 stroke : how many time we count they . we call we bed the cloud . and there we would float . the bathtub be in the kitchen and take forever to fill up . we would bathe together afterwards . oh the countless cigarettes and take out chinese food ... the bed be so narrow Three year we make it fit . the sheet be green the sheet be pink the sheet white linen from the past . Little home , farewell , the break window and the bodega on the corner . now from my balcony I look out over all New York ... int . gina's apartment - night Jean and gina be sleep . series of dissolves : as they be turn together in they sleep . fade to black fade up : int . kitchen / livingroom ( gina's apartment ) - day fill with Jean 's painting . series of dissolves : painting and object fill the room . fade to black super : " a year and a half later east 9th ST . " fade up : int . gina's apartment - day Jean watch " the Little rascal " on tv in the live room . the sound be turn off and a record player plays gypsy music loudly . roll up in a large drop cloth , gina be asleep on the floor . next to she , Jean work on all four , draw figure , crown , and house . work feverishly , he write " hey , hey , hey " in big cluster , then write other word : shark , immortality , JOHN the revelator , fame , ink , teeth , hawaii supermarket , pole STAR , baboon and tar . he have a acoustic manual and Bible open on the floor . he copy the technical blueprint from the manual . he read the Bible , follow the text with a dirty finger . it seem that he watch tv , draw , listen to the music and read at the same time . he mix liquitex paint and put some color on the drawing . he draw a long blue line and carry it over onto the floor . up the wall . through the fridge . across the window . he take off he paint-cover clothes and change into gina 's black slip . he rummages around the room , gather piece of he and gina 's clothes . he spread the clothes on the floor , and select wide brushes with long bristle , pick up the can of liquitex paint . when paint spill on the clothes , he spread it into shape . gina wake up . she reach for one of the paint shirt . gina ( in disbelief ) basquiat , that be my best clothes !!! what be you do ? basquiat c'mon , baby , I paint they for you . they be beautiful now . gina I be go to my parent this weekend . what be I go to wear ? ( she begin to cry ) how could you do that to I ? Jean wipe he hand off on he thigh and put he arm around gina , hold she . basquiat ... I will buy you some new one . gina you do not have any fuck money .. Jean let she cry for a moment , then notice the music play on the stereo - a gypsy song sung in Spanish . basquiat do you know what he 's say ? gina what who 's say ? basquiat manzanita .... ( translate song ) ... if one day I die , and you read this piece of paper , I want you to know how much I love you . although I will never see you again , gypsy , gypsy , you hair , you hair , you face , you face ' gina look up at he . basquiat ( cont 'd ) ' even though you be never mine and you never will be you have a piece of my heart you have , you have , you have ...' ( he reach down , wiping off gina 's face ) ' gypsy , gypsy , you hair , you hair , you face , you face . ' no longer cry , gina lean she head against Jean . we hear a call from the window : benny ( o.s. ) Willie may !!! Willie may !!! basquiat ( at the window ) come on in ! CUT to : benny and two guy come barrel into the apartment . immediate chaos . benny hold up a packet of drug and jiggle it temptingly . they make themselves at home . Jean sit with they and start to chop up the drug . gina give Jean a look . she stand , still wrap in the drop cloth . she let it fall to the floor . she 's wear only she underwear . she walk to the bedroom . benny watch she . basquiat gina , do not you want any of this ? you could use some . gina do not respond . she come out of the bedroom with a small suitcase . gina see you later . she leave . silence . guy # 1 Nice underwear ... they start to laugh . int . gina's apartment - later kneel on the floor , Jean cover the surface of the refrigerator door with fast , rush stroke . he mix paint in a large soupbowl and dip he hair in the bowl . press he head to the door , he paint with he hair . he stop to examine the mark . he hit he head against the door harder and harder . fade to white int . gina's apartment - morning camera pull back : revealing Jean 's eye . they be open and motionless . his head be tilt toward he chest . off screen we hear the sound of gina come home : the lock turn . the door open . gina come in and drop a bag on the floor . gina basquiat ? silence . she pick up the mail from under the door and walk into the room . there 's a lump on the floor . it 's Jean . gina ( cont 'd ) wake up ! I be back ! she shake he arm . no result . she lift he head , revealing he paint hair . she shake he harder . his body be totally limp . the white of he eye be red ; he pupil slowly float up , vanish . gina Jean , what do you do to yourself ? she listen to he breath , then to he heart . gina ( panic ) Jesus Christ ! she find heroin sprinkle into some pot on the floor near he . gina ( slapping he face ) do not do this to I . she shake he until he eye unglue . his pupil float into they proper place . basquiat ... what 's the matter ? gina ( furious ) oh , God , basquiat , you scared the shit out of I . how the fuck could you do that to yourself ? basquiat you be back . gina it 's Monday morning . basquiat it 's not Sunday ? I miss you . you should not leave I alone . gina you be blame I ? I have to go see my family . basquiat I be you family . gina basquiat , what do you take ? Jean try to pick himself up from the floor . he get up stiffly , like pinnocchio . the long sleep make he limb wooden . basquiat nothing special - just some weed . he find a old joint and light it up . gina basquiat , do not lie . ( hold up powder ) this be smack . basquiat you want some ? he offer she the joint . ext . ST . mark place - night Jean and benny walk along , share a beer in a brown paper bag . they approach a drug dealer and exchange money for dope . Jean find a discard window frame in a pile of trash and carry it with he . they sit down on a stoop . Jean roll up a dollar bill , empty the dope onto the window , and split it into two line . he hand the roll up bill to benny , who snort the line . benny shake he head involuntarily , make a violent face , as though the dope burn a hole in he sinus . benny we get beat . basquiat for real ? Jean take a taste with he finger ... he taste he tongue and make a face .. he snort part of he line , anyway , to make sure . he frown . they continue onwards . Jean still carry the window . benny you gonna carry that around all night ? basquiat yeah ... I will paint on it . int . party - night the party 's wind down - hip - hop kid , lower East side type . Jean and benny pass through the room , ignore the two or three cluster of people - maybe fifteen in all ... Jean encounter a familiar face : a enormous red-haire dealer - rocket ( 35 ) . they greet each other as friend . rocket lead Jean aside . they stand near a wall where a painting hang ( " flat fix " ) . it bear Jean 's three - point crown . rocket you do that , do not you ? Jean shrug . basquiat I give it to maripol . she let I stay here for awhile . Jean hand he twenty dollar . rocket hand he two dime bag . as if think better , he hand the bill back to Jean . rocket do one for I and it 's free . how 's that ? Jean re-pocket he money . he gesture to rocket as if to say " fine - it 's a deal . " he and benny sit down across the room and split a bag onto the window , as before . this time , it 's good . they lean back into it , slumping down into the couch . nearby , rene sit on a couch with three STREET kide - artist ( who we have see at milo 's open ) . they sit on they knee look out a window pass binocular back and forth . artist # 1 look through the window with a pair of binoculars . he point down towards the street , try to get rene 's attention . artist # 1 check this out , rene . rene lunge towards the window . the stereo blare ( curtis blow 's " survival " ) rene ( sing along ) " the name of the game be survival , you learn it in jail upon you arrival ! " another artist ( # 2 ) a young black man , run up and try to turn down the volume . rene grab he crotch . artist # 2 chill , man ! be cool ! this be not even my apartment ! rene oh man , you a fine nigga ! you know that ? artist # 2 cut it out , man ! and do not be callin ' I that shit ! angle on : benny be now alone on the couch . he nod out . rene ( notice he ) oh my , there go the neighborhood . who 's house be this , anyway ? artist # 2 be still mad at rene . rene ( cont 'd ) ( to artist # 2 ) that 's what I like about you straight boy . you be so sensitive !!! ( resume sing ) " the name of the game be survival , survival ! survival ! only the strong survive " artist # 1 rene ! come here , man ! rene I gotta go pee . rene weave across the room . suddenly , he stop cold . he 's stare at Jean 's painting . he do not move . rene ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) who do this ? ( beat - louder ) who do this ? artist # 2 I do not know . I tell you , this be not my apartment . artist # 3 I know who do that . that 's Jean Michel 's . he 's right here , man ... he turn to look for Jean . artist # 3 fuck , man , where would he go ? where 's Jean ? benny look around ineffectually and shrug . rene ( to himself ) it 's fuck amazing . motherfucker 's get to put a crown on it . artist # 1 ( yell from the window ) rene , man , check this out . whoa ... he 's kinda cute . rene look to he and back at the painting . he take one last look . he stumble towards the window and grab the binocular from artist # 1 .. we look through the binocular ' Pov at a guy come down the street . he 's wear all black , cowboy boot , and sunglass . rene naaaa . poor thing have a little dick . artist # 2 how do you know ? rene just look at he . ( rene hand the binocular to he ) Little silver thingy on he cowboy boot ? honey , I do not think so . he look around the room again as if look for Jean . artist # 3 whoa - check it out . it 's he ! rene grab binocular . binoculars Pov : Jean pause before one of he own graffiti piece : " plush safe , he think " rene watch in awe . Jean , move a bit slowly , `sign ' he tag with the copyright sign . he walk off . rene mothafuckah ! artist # 2 that 's the same guy who do this painting . rene I know that . do not let he get away . he hand the binocular to artist # 3 and run towards the door . ext . STREET - night binoculars Pov we watch as rene look frantically for Jean , but can not spot he . finally he see Jean 's hair - do bob up and down a block away . he run towards it . rene hey , wait up !!! huffing and puffing , he catch up . rene you hear of Albert milo . I make that niggah . I be rene ricard . do not you read " not about Albert milo ? " I know who to hype . baby , I be gonna make you a star . basquiat can you put I in the ring with he ? rene I can put you in the ring with he . even book the date . ( beat ) but that big boy know how to fight . they could make you look real sissy . ( they laugh ) I be look at that painting upstairs . it 's the first time a picture make I embarrassed to own anything . ( beat ) so what 's you real name ? ' samo ? ' basquiat Jean Michel basquiat . they shake hand . rene sound famous already . int . ps 1 show - day insert : a huge poster read : " new york / new wave 100 artist " close on : a hammer , pounding Jean pound a nail into one of he piece , nail it directly onto the wall . everyone stare . rene oh child ... you get no respect . do not anyone teach you how to mount painting ? rene smile . Jean finish pound the last piece into the wall . camera pull back to reveal several of Jean 's painting - find object with paint on they . rene ( cont 'd ) this be a very important season in New York . one 's public appearance be absolute . ( beat - a man approach ) oh !!! Louise !!! I would like you to meet Jean Michel basquiat - ( beat ) samo . this be Henry geldzahler . a crowd begin to gather around the work . henry ohh ... samo . I have hear a lot about you . I love you graffiti . basquiat I be a kid then . henry ( to rene ) how much be this ? rene you or the museum ? henry it 's for I . rene five . henry I will take it . Henry leave . rene that 's five thousand dollar . ( hiss to Jean ) he 's from the Metropolitan Museum of Art so suck my pussy , you star . later there seem to be a buzz about Jean already . people gather around he painting . gina arrive . she look great . basquiat you look fuck beautiful , beautiful . gina well thanks ! annina nosei , a sophisticated , well - groom woman appear at Jean 's side . she take in he painting . as Jean , rene , and annina talk , gina be leave out . rene this be Jean Michel , whose work I tell you about . annina nosei ( to Jean ) rene have not stop talk about you painting . have not I see you in my gallery ? basquiat no . annina nosei ( to rene ) you have not be by lately . rene I do not have the subway fare . my medicare run out . annina nosei ( to Jean ) how do you come up with all that word you put over everything ? basquiat I do not know . Jean see bruno and turn he back to she . bruno look at the painting with a smile ... he give a cheerful nod to annina . bruno you be do well . he leave . annina 's impressed that Jean know bruno . annina nosei I would love to see some more of you work ... where 's you studio ? basquiat you name it , I paint there . annina nosei well , I do not want to get mug on a bowery street corner . maybe I could find a place for you to work . take my card . basquiat you want a drink ? he produce a pint bottle in a paper sack . annina nosei no thanks . ( to rene ) but I would like one of this painting . she walk off . gina who 's that ? rene you kid ? that 's annina nosei . Jean 's be in she gallery a thousand time . ( to Jean ) you slut . how do you know bruno bischofberger ? ( to gina ) he 's only the biggest art dealer in Europe . basquiat I have lunch with he once . int . gina's apartment ( bedroom ) - night Jean and gina lay in bed . basquiat which island of Hawaii do you want we house to be on ? maui ? kaui ? molokai ? gina ( a little upset ) I have not think about it . basquiat ( in perfect Hawaiian ) oahu , lanai , niihau , kahoolawee - gina staten Island would be ok . beat . silence . Jean can not sleep . he stare at the ceiling . basquiat do you wanna marry I ? beat . no reply . gina 's asleep . int . gina's apartment ( kitchen ) - later ( night ) quietly , Jean kneel on the floor of the kitchen . he paint on a old window . he draw figure of three people sit at a table - obviously a family . he cross out one person and paint a dog under the table . he cross everything out . he mix the paint in a large bowl and start again . again , he cross everything out . int - gina's apartment - morning Jean continue to work . he 's wear pajamas and a bathrobe . gina enter , waking up . she look at the painting . gina kind of a family portrait . Jean move to add something . she stop he . gina ( cont 'd ) it look do . basquiat think so ? he pause . basquiat ( cont 'd ) ... baby . gina you mean baby with you ? basquiat what 's wrong with I ? gina you be you own baby . Jean paint out the image . there 's a knock at the door . gina who be it ? annina nosei ( o.s ) annina nosei . gina who ? Jean jump up and lock himself in the bathroom . gina go to the door , unlock the chain , and look out . gina ( cont 'd ) ( through the crack ) hello ? oh. come in . she open the door . annina nosei be Jean Michel here ? gina no. close in the bathroom , Jean smile while eavesdropp . annina nosei I be here to see some work . annina start notice all the work around she . gina hand she a stack of drawing . annina nosei ( cont 'd ) this be great . gina be not they ? annina nosei how much for this five ? gina you should talk to he about this . annina contain she excitement . annina nosei ( continue to stare at the work ) um ... do rene and Jean have a contract together ? we see Jean in the bathroom look at himself in the mirror with a bird 's nest on he head . annina nosei ( cont 'd ) I be interested in show Jean 's work . gina I really think you should talk to he about this . Jean pop out of the bathroom . basquiat when ? annina nosei how about right now ? she open the door . unnotice , gina start for the bedroom . gina ( call back ) be ready in a minute ! CUT to : the door slam as Jean exit with annina . int . taxi - day Jean wait in a taxi in front of benny 's apartment . basquiat honk the horn again , will you please ? the driver oblige . the back of the cab be load with all he belonging . box pile with junk . bag of new painting supplies . benny emerge from he building and jump into the cab . basquiat ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) you be late . ( to cabby ) one-fourteen Prince . the cab pull out . Jean light a joint . and smoke it furiously . he do not pass it to benny . benny what 's the rush , John Henry ? basquiat I be not John Henry . benny good . basquiat what 's you fuckin ' problem , anyway ? benny hold out he hand for the joint . benny ( inhale ) I do not really have any problem . basquiat good . what do you have ? benny what 's you fuckin ' problem ? you get a girlfriend and a little attention and then start act all uppity with I . basquiat ( mortify ) ' uppity ? ' like as in ' uppity nigger ? ' he snap he finger for the joint back . benny that 's not how I mean it . ( beat ) for all you know , you might just be a flash in the pan ! you can never tell . basquiat hey fuck you ! I deserve this shit . you be just jealous ' cause it be not happen to you ! the cab stop for a red light . benny get out . he do not say a word . Jean do not look at he . the cab sail off . ext . annina nosei gallery - day it stop in front of the gallery . from outside , we see annina converse on the phone . she look up and open the door for he . int . stairwell - black . off screen we hear Jean walk down the stair . annina nosei I have get to find the switch . int - basement , annina be - day annina flip on a light . annina nosei here it be . Jean look around he . he 's in a large , empty cement - floor room light by fluorescent light . int . basement , annina be - ( later ) - day Jean bend over , beginning several canvase . he pour paint on they - kind of like photograph we have see of Jackson pollock . we hear mile Davis ' " flamenco sketch . " int - basement , annina be - day ( later ) grandmaster flash " white line " fill the room . the wall be cover with half - finish , unstretch canvase . two or three more lie on the floor . he work like a maniac , buzzing back and forth from one painting to another , add figure , crossing out word , all the while smoking and eat cookie . the crumb fall onto the painting . he walk on they . every so often , he refer to a book of davinci drawing . torn page litter the floor beneath the book . we hear someone thumping down the stair . it 's rene . a puppy follow he . he dump a huge load of paint supplies , art book , and carryout rib . the puppy sniff around happily , lick at Jean and walk over the painting , wag he tail . he stop the tape player and insert some Persian music . Jean empty some foil - wrap bag of coke . he cut a line of coke on a foil plate . rene start read from a poem he 's evidently write : rene 3rd night I call he ' boy ' he sed " do not call I ' boy ' " " well then do not call I ' boss ' " that be the end for we and I have be see he for 2 1 / 2 year . in kangaroo court I want to be able to say I never keep a slave . but he trick I in to tying he up and busting he face . he will jump up at my Trial yelling ' he wupped I gud . ' Jean warm the plate ' till the coke crackle , and then " chase the dragon , " suck the smoke through a straw . he offer it to rene , who refuse . he light and hand rene the joint . rene take a hit . Jean take it back . Jean start to work again . the puppy run around , chase after he , get in he way , run across the painting . Jean laugh , play tag . the puppy get a hold of Jean 's sleeve . it unravel about ten foot . while Jean 's play , rene spot a painting with the word " famous negro athlete . " rene oh man ! that 's one look famous already . without hearing he , Jean walk towards the painting and with a swipe , paint out what rene be point to . rene ( cont 'd ) you be a willful boy . how be I s'pose to write about you if you keep change everything ? the phone ring ... Jean ignore it . rene get it - rene ( cont 'd ) uh huhh ... Band practice ? ( to Jean ) it 's benny . he want to know why you be not at band practice ...? basquiat ( quietly ) fuck ... ( to rene ) I forget about that . he set he brush down . rene hold the phone against he leg . rene fuck band practice ... if you be gonna be a painter you be gonna have to break a few heart - you do not wanna be like tony bennett .. basquiat tony bennett ... what do you mean ? rene sing on stage and painting in you spare time . basquiat I do not know tony bennett paint . rene my point exactly . Jean pick up the phone ... all he hear be a dial tone . rene ( cont 'd ) so keep painting . basquiat yes , boss . ( beat ) if you be so smart , why be you here with I in this basement ? rene you be news . I want the scoop . I write it down . when I speak , no one believe I . but when I write it down , people know it 's true . ( beat ) there 's never be a black painter in art history that 's be consider really important , you know ? basquiat so what ? rene so shut up and keep painting .. basquiat ( touch ) what time be it ? rene 5:11 . Jean regards a near-finished painting . he write " 5:11 " on it . he cross it out and re-write it , " rene 5:11 . " rene look pleased . basquiat that one 's for you . rene thanks ... I will take it tonight . basquiat I can not . after the show . Jean continue painting . rene slump down onto the floor , happy - a parasite content to have a host , impressed with Jean 's limitless energy . rene close he eye . black int . annina' basement - later Jean be bent over he work . he look to see a pair of leg . they belong to Albert milo . basquiat hey - it 's the big a.m.. albert milo rene 's be tell I about you work . milo take he time look at the painting . Jean continue to work , never want to appear impressed by anyone . he walk on top of the painting . albert milo ( cont 'd ) be this finish yet ? basquiat I do not know . albert milo when 's you show ? basquiat not sure . how be yours ? albert milo I have not decide yet . ( beat ) rene , you wanna come over to the studio tomorrow . I wanna make a painting of you . rene how about now ? rene shrug to Jean . he prepare to leave . albert milo see you at you open . thanks . Albert and rene begin to ascend the stair . Jean continue painting . the dog leave with rene and Albert . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ohhh , Albert milo , what a pleasure to meet you . Jean 's brush stop . albert milo ( o.s. ) this be rene ricard . Jean paint over the word " rene 5:11 . " we hear footstep coming down the stair . the woman continue - woman' voice ( o.s. ) we be Tom and Cynthia kruger - nice to have meet you . jean' Pov we see annina 's leg come down the stair . reveal a man wear a pin-stripe suit and gold - rimmed glass . the woman be wrap in a cashmere shawl . annina nosei ( o.s ) Tom and Cynthia kruger . basquiat ( o.s ) I know . we see that Jean continue to paint , look down . annina nosei this be Jean Michel basquiat . ( beat ) you have see the samo graffiti everywhere . that 's he . this be the true voice of the gutter . as she speak , Jean squirm . he grab a banana from a fruit bowl . without peel it , he take a big bite . and another . and another . everyone look uncomfortable . annina start show they the painting . cynthia kruger we have see the graffiti . I work on Wall Street . and I have hear wonderful thing about the painting . everybody 's talk about you . basquiat yeah . he look up at they , eat the banana . annina nosei here 's a very good example of he recent work that 's not speak for yet . ( beat ) he 's get to work in a basement . he 's get so much energy that if he work in a place with a window , he would jump right through it . most of this be reserve already . after this week , this work will not be available . tom kruger ( to he wife ) ... I do not know .... this one 's nice , but I do not know if I could live with it . that green be so ... institutional . he ( kruger ) look up to see two kide enter - young black artist , one of whom we see with rene at the loft party . they walk right into the middle of the room , completely oblivious to the presence of annina and the kruger .. kid # 1 ( enthusiastically ) yo , man , you be a damn lucky nigger sell this shit ! basquiat you like it ? kid # 1 not bad . yeah , I do . the kruger hem and haw in front of the painting next to Jean . cynthia kruger I be fascinate by he choice of crossing out word that way . annina nosei yes , well , they be more meaningful in they absence , no ? kid # 1 ( to Jean , joke ) what do it mean ? Jean paint the word " rene 5:11 " back into a painting . they ignore the kid .. cynthia kruger I like this one , but that green ... suddenly , we see legs come down the stair . it 's gina . everyone look at she . basquiat y'want I to make it a nice shit brown ? tom kruger beg pardon ? gina have not expect to find herself in the middle of this scene . basquiat hi. this be gina . annina nod to she . gina nod to the group . cynthia kruger they be something like dubuffet 's ... that ... childlike quality . gina try to connect with Jean . he 's cold . cynthia kruger ( cont 'd ) ( to she husband and annina ) I can not make up my mind . tom kruger I like this one . if it be just another color .. basquiat get a fuck decorator . if you buy one , you will have to change you whole life - maybe even sell you kid ! ( to annina ) this painting be not even do yet !!! he set he brush down . as he leave - tom kruger ( o.s. ) I think we will take the green one . hold on : gina , leave stand in the middle of this . int . mcdonald - day close on McDonald 's counterman . he smile . basquiat I will take three big mac , two chocolate shake , two order of fries , and a apple pie . counterman you want three Big mac , two chocolate shake , two order of fries , and a apple pie . a line begin form behind Jean . basquiat forget it . I will take six , no , seven chocolate shake , a order of fries , a Big Mac , and two apple pie . counterman you only want one Big Mac ? the people in line be beginning to get impatient . basquiat yeah ... and make it three apple pie . ext . soho STREET - day Jean lean on a fire hydrant , eat a Big Mac . a pink scarf blow on the wind right in front of he face . he catch it . a bombshell blonde arrive with she hand outstretch to retrieve it . big pink how can I ever thank you ? basquiat ( with a smile ) I would like to squeeze you titty . he offer she a Big Mac . big pink come on . basquiat wanna Mac ? big pink no , I would like the scarf . basquiat have a Mac . big pink I do not eat junk food . basquiat oh . I do not know . I will take you to the best restaurant in town . ( beat ) you will miss a great meal and I will keep the scarf , anyway . what 's you name ? big pink you be a fast mover . basquiat no name ? that 's ok . I will just call you Big pink . a man sleep on the ground with a beehive of paper bag on he head and three overcoat stick out into the sidewalk . Jean leave the McDonald 's bag near he head as he walk down the street with the girl . int . gina's apartment - night Jean enter the apartment . gina hi. basquiat hi. gina what 's that ? basquiat a present I pick up for you . gina hold the scarf up and look at it . gina it 's beautiful . thanks . as she hold it up he put it around she neck and kiss she . basquiat ( tenderly ) you look like a angel . int . annina nosei gallery - night silence . close up painting we read the word : " boom # 2 a cat pouring tack on its tongue " someone ( the big red-haire dealer we meet earlier ) walk in front of we . camera pull back to reveal a crowd in a gallery . it be literally fill with people . again - all this take place in silence . we begin to hear Peggy Lee 's " be that all there be ? " it color the motion of the crowd . CUT to : ext . prince ST ( bet . mercer and wooster ) - dusk Jean walk down the street . he 's get on a new set of clothes and he listen to a walkman . we hear mile Davis ' " flamenco sketch . " jean' Pov we move down Prince St. and take a leave on West Broadway . we approach a huge crowd . we get closer and closer until we be immerse in it . the crowd realize Jean 's amongst they . people start approach he . someone remove the headphone . the din of the crowd replace the music . amongst the normal crowd chatter , we hear friend ' call out : voice in crowd Jean !!! Jean Michel !!! int . annina nosei gallery annina beckon to he . Beyond she , he see Albert , Andy , and bruno . he 's be escort or maybe just push - it 's hard to tell . each step of the way , he 's pounce upon by individual we have never meet . the room be wall - to - wall with people . people be sweep along in current . man ( wildly enthusiastic ) Jean , man !!! let 's make a record ! woman ( slyly , intimately ) you finally do it . man # 2 ( point to Jean , sneering ) he 's so fulla shit . man # 3 ( o.s. ) how much be he get for this ? Jean walk up to Andy Warhol . basquiat Andy , man , thanks for come . I would like to paint you jacket . andy warhol my jacket ? gee , great ... ( he Polaroid Jean ) you show look great . quite a turnout . you look great . you kid . you drink red wine with fish . you can do anything ! make painting in the basement of you gallery ? first time I have hear of that ! they be approach by Mary boone , a short woman in high heel and a armani suit ) . andy warhol ( cont 'd ) Jean Michel , this be Mary boone . she 's get the great new gallery . basquiat yeah , I meet she already . mary boone ( shaking Jean 's hand ) you should be pleased . it 's a great show ... I be have a dinner later at Mr. Chow 's for Albert . you should come . in the background , we see annina watch . andy warhol you will like it . everyone will be there . annina walk over to Jean with a couple . annina nosei Jean , you parent be here . basquiat hi dad . hi nora . nora congratulation . basquiat thanks for come . rene appear out of the crowd . annina nosei ( continue to Jean 's father ) you must be very proud . father I be ! rene how do it feel to have a genius in the family ? father it feel ... good ! Jean notice benny across the room . he slow down and wave . Jean see gina across the room wear the scarf . just beyond she , he see Big pink approach . there must be ten people between they . basquiat ( to rene ) I will be right back . he move towards she . suddenly , directly in front of he be the kruger . tom kruger we love we painting . basquiat which painting ? tom kruger the green one . basquiat oh yeah . cynthia kruger we get a couch to match . tom kruger she 's only kid ! look past the kruger , Jean look for gina . he see she . his path be block . he press forward , look for gina , get catch in the crowd . Jean strain to keep a eye on gina and Big pink .. benny arrive at Jean 's side hold a bottle of Jack Daniels and a shot glass . benny Willie may . a toast . Jean brushes past he . basquiat not now , ok ? benny be leave stand next to Andy hold the bottle . Jean manage to advance a few more foot through the crowd , then run smack into rocket , he drug dealer . rocket Jean Michel , my man . Nice party . should we step into my office ? nearby , benny see this meeting and walk off , disgust , think this be why Jean give he the brush off . basquiat that 's alright . I be cool now . Jean look off and see Big pink finger the scarf , say something to gina . gina slap she in the face . Jean try to get around the dealer . gina turn to leave . she catch Jean 's eye . she walk out . rocket a gift ! I be just try to give you a gift ! the dealer palm something to Jean . basquiat I gotta go . Jean step away from rocket , but be trap in the crowd . rocket look after he with disappointment . rene arrive with , Andy , bruno , and a photographer . rene ( edging he way in ) this guy want a picture . they shrug and crowd in - Jean , Andy , and rene . the photographer get they to squeeze closer and closer . photographer of the painter , please . there 's not enough room . rene accidentally get push out of frame . rene fume . Albert milo arrive with he parent ( jack and esther milo ) . they be a nice jewish couple in they 70' . basquiat he say 'of the painter ! ' hey - Albert ! get in the picture ! Albert crowd in . the photographer snap a picture and the flash blind everyone momentarily . albert milo hey , Jean , I would like you to meet my wife .... and my parent . Mom , dad , this be Jean Michel basquiat . Jean pull out a joint and light it as if it be a cigarette . he offer it to Albert , who take a hit . esther milo ( frown at she son ) do not do that . ( beat ) hello , Jean . jack milo hi , John ... be you parent here ? basquiat well. ( inhale ) my dad 's here with he wife . my mom could not make it . he offer the joint to Albert 's mother . esther milo ( wave it away ) no thanks . everyone laugh . bruno ( to Jean ) I would like to do a show with you . ( point to " rene 5:11 " painting ) I be especially interested in that one . I would like to buy it for myself . Jean spot the very word on the painting ( " rene 5:11 " ) and freeze for a second . basquiat I be not gonna sell this one . he look around the room for rene , but do not see he . bruno remain smile , wait for a answer . bruno you should not have put it in the show . this be the one I absolutely have to have . I really love it . basquiat sure , ok .. Jean want out . he feel compromise . basquiat ( cont 'd ) do you think I could borrow you limousine ? I will get it back to you in a hour . bruno it 's ok . just have he bring you to dinner at Mr. Chow 's later . we will be there . andy warhol bye , Jean . Jean make he way through the crowd , as we see image of the crowd and fragment of painting . as he near the door , he feel he arm pull . rene ( hiss ) you fuck little whore ! you sell my painting ! I be gonna tell you something , brother - when you be climb up the ladder of success , do not kick out the rung ! believe that shit . basquiat I will make you another one . rene forget it . he pull out a scrap of paper and start write . basquiat rene - rene shush he ... he hiss loudly , like a cat . rene shhhhhh . later. ( speak to himself ) " what be it about art , anyway ...... " Jean pause . he turn around and survey the room once more . a blink . silence . we see the crowd in slow motion . everyone 's eye be shut . rene ( o.s. ; cont 'd ) ... that we give it so much importance ? artist be respected by the poor because what they do be a honest way to get out of the slum use one 's sheer self as the medium . the money earn be proof pure and simple of the value of that individual ... the artist . int . / ext . gallery - night the camera rise higher and higher over the crowd and follow Jean as he make he way toward the street . we begin to dissolve into a montage of still of artist : rene ( o.s.cont 'd ) the picture a mother 's son do in jail hang on she wall as proof that beauty be possible even in the most wretch . and this be a much different idea than the fancier notion that art be a scam and a rip-off . but you could never explain to someone who use God 's gift to enslave that you have use God 's gift to be free . " ext . STREET - night Jean enter a wait limo . it pull away from the curb . rene finish as the limo thread its way through the night - light , twinkle city . int . limo - night the driver be the young rasta we see earlier outside ballato 's drive bruno and Andy . Jean slump in the back seat . the driver can not help stare in the rearview mirror . driver I really ... admire you . basquiat me? why ? driver you do it ! you make it . I be a painter , too . basquiat that 's great . driver would you check out my studio some time ? basquiat sure . I would be glad to . the limo pull over . driver here ? quickly , Jean get out of the limo . he leave the door open . the driver watch as Jean talk to two drug dealer . Jean jump back into the limo . the driver pull away . in the rearview mirror , he see Jean separate a bag from a bundle of ten . he rip it open and snort directly from it . he lay he head back and take a deep breath . basquiat ( calm , relieved ) what 's you name , man ? driver they call I Steve , but I prefer shenge . basquiat Nice to meet you , shenge . want a job ? int . mr. chow' restaurant - night a elegant chinese restaurant on the Upper East side . the dining room be split level with a mezzanine reserve for celebrity and special friend of the owner . at the podium , the maitre 'd approach . maitre'd good evening . from behind the maitre would on the mezzanine we see bruno wave to Jean . in the dining room on the lower level sit annina and rene . nearby , at another , smaller table , be seat david mcdermott and peter mcgough , two artist dress in victorian attire . annina beckon he . rene look away from he and talk to a waiter . Jean wave to annina and continue towards bruno 's table . seat at a large table be Andy , bruno , Albert milo , he wife and parent , Henry geldzahler , melina porto ( a young heiress ) and francesco and alba clemente and Mary boone . dinner 's already serve . at the large table , everyone watch as milo make a portrait of francesco in a beautiful leatherbound book . it belong to Mr. Chow , who be nearby at the bar . andy warhol hi , Jean . he motion to Mr. Chow to set a chair for Jean between Mary boone and himself . bruno Jean , everyone love you show . as Jean be seat , Andy and Jack milo resume conversation - jack milo Nixon life in saddle River , New York . andy warhol saddle River 's in New Jersey . jack milo saddle River , New York ! andy warhol it 's in New Jersey . jack milo New York . andy warhol I think it 's in New Jersey . jack milo it 's in New York . andy warhol oh , I do not know that . close up : Jean smile at Andy 's diplomacy . Albert finish draw he portrait : it 's francesco with he arm around a headless torso . albert milo ( to francesco ) you finish it . he push the book across the table . francesco begin to draw . mary boone ( to Jean ) I hear you show be sell out already . there 's a very important collector who 's interested in some of you work . basquiat bring he over sometime . I have some other stuff to show he . annina watch from the other table as Jean talk to Mary . francesco finish he draw . Albert take the book and pass it to Jean . albert milo ( cont 'd ) go on , take it .. Jean take it . Mr. Chow watch he book change hand . Jean take a bowl of moo-shoo pork in front of he and dump it onto the book . then he use a piece of pork to draw a head . suddenly , there 's a shrill , familiar voice . rene I would like a glass of you best champagne , please ? ( read ) this be a enormously important season in New York , and to make a false step could have severe repercussion for year . we be no longer collect art , we be buy individual . andy warhol oh shut up , rene . rene everything 's over you head , Andy . even Mr. Chow 's menu . ( beat - to Jean ) thanks for not invite I he lean over everyone and help himself to some spear of asparagus . angle on esther milo , watch . rene ( cont 'd ) I be starve . you can not buy advertising like this . this be the most glamorous dinner you will have here this fall . how about some of that imitation crab ? mr. chow I be not pay for the draw with crab . it 's a present to my friend . it 's my birthday . Jean finish he draw - a big beautiful head that fill the screen . rene grab it from he . he hold it up for everyone to see . rene be not he great ? thanks , Jean . he rip the page from the book . rene ( cont 'd ) he owe I one . everyone 's face drop . Mr. Chow grab he book . he motion to a couple waiter - mr. chow you be too much , rene . get this guy out of here . rene I have not eat yet !!! the waiter grab rene 's arm . rene ( cont 'd ) hand off I , you faggot ! I be go . I be go ... I have keep diana vreeland wait too long , anyway . andy warhol wow ... that be a nice draw , too , Jean . maybe you should do another one . mr. chow ( exhaust ) some other time . spontaneously , David McDermott climb onto the tabletop downstairs and sing " Paris je t'aime . " as he belt it out in a theatrical falsetto , he glide over glass and plate , execute a leap to another table in mid - song . the restaurant staff and other dinner guest watch , agape . close up - david' shoe . as David dance , annina walk over to the table , greeting people and say goodnight . annina nosei ( to Jean ) it 's great that people be interested , but if anyone 's go to buy anything , I will handle it for you . everything go through the gallery , even if they come to you studio . basquiat sure . annina leave . Jean lean back in he chair , take in this splendid new world . he pull out a joint , light up , inhale with pleasure , close he eye and smile . super over he face : " four year later " screen goe black interviewer ( o.s. ) ... have twenty - three one man show , be in forty three group show from Zurich to Tokyo .. fade up int . great jone STREET loft - day note : the follow scene be shot in documentary style . interviewer ( o.s , cont 'd ) ... have over fifty article write about you , switch gallery - how many time ? - dj would in the hot club - Jean look out the window , yawn and rub he eye . he now sport dreadlock bundle into group of spike stick out of he head . he wear a wrinkle wesleyan College T-shirt , paint - splatter jeans , and no shoe ; just out of bed , it would seem . a interviewer - a bald Brit with all the humor of a bank clerk - try to buddy up with Jean on camera . interviewer ( cont 'd ) ... one of the youngest artist ever to be include in the whitney biennial , also produce a rap record . it 's say you be quite the lady man - even date madonna for a couple month !!! ( take a breath ) all at the ripe old age of 24 . one might ask : be there anything leave for Jean Michel basquiat to do ? Jean and the interviewer face each other in front of one of Jean 's painting . Jean stare at the interviewer , incredulous . interviewer ( cont 'd ) what be it that get you out of bed in the morning ? ( nervous laugh ) basquiat I hate this . turn that off . Jean walk off camera and disappear into he bedroom . shenge ( the former limo driver , now work as Jean 's assistant ) assemble stretcher . super : " great jone STREET , 1985 " a camera crew wait in the room . Jean return . interviewer we be run a little late . he signal to the crew that he 's beginning . interviewer ( cont 'd ) ( to crew ) ready ? he point to some scribble word on the canvas . interviewer ( cont 'd ) ... can you ... decipher this for we ? basquiat decipher ? interviewer yes . what do they ... stand for ? basquiat they be just word . interviewer yes , I understand - but where do you take they from ? basquiat where ? do you ask mile where he get that note from ? where do you take you word from ? ( beat ) everywhere . interviewer ( point to a detail ) what be they ? basquiat ( smile mischievously ) leech . a long list of leech . ( look at some frame shenge 's work on ) it look good like that . interviewer hmmm . and ' parasite . ' ( beat ) you seem to be a primal expressionist . basquiat you mean like a ape ? he grab a huge double mouthful of french fries and wash they down with champagne .. basquiat ( cont 'd ) ( chew , spilling ) a primate ? interviewer well , you say that . ( beat - look at note ) you have get a lot of reference from Leonardo da vinci , do not you ? basquiat oh , that 's a " Leonardo 's greatest Hit " painting . you like it ? interviewer yes , but as a black painter - basquiat I use a lot of color - not only black . interviewer what ? basquiat I be not black . interviewer you be not ? basquiat not what ? interviewer not black . basquiat no , I be haitian - Puerto rican . the buzzer sound . he signal for Steve not to answer the door . interviewer yes , yes ... let 's talk about that .... you root ... you father be from Haiti , be not he ? basquiat ( grow weary ) yup . interviewer hmmmm . interesting . and when you grow up be there any primitive hang in you home ? basquiat we do not hang they at home , y'know - just in the street .. interviewer I see .. ( beat ) and ... how do you respond to be call - hmmm ... ( peruse some note ) - yes , " the pickaninny of the art world . " basquiat ( smile - hurt , stunne ) who say that ? interviewer why , that 's from time Magazine . basquiat no , he say I be the Eddie Murphy of the art world . he say the Eddie Murphy . interviewer be it true that you mother reside in a mental institution ? Jean walk off camera like he just receive a punch in the stomach . the filming of the interview become increasingly erratic . interviewer ( cont 'd ) let I ... just ... open something up here . you come from a nice , middle class , respectable home . you father be a accountant . why do you at one time live in a cardboard box in tompkin Square ? Jean walk back into frame . interviewer ( cont 'd ) or rather , do you think you be be exploit or be you yourself exploit the white image of the black artist from the ghetto ? basquiat be that the only two possibility ? ( cram a french fry into he mouth ) you wanna french fry ? interviewer ok . one last thing . be there any anger in you ? any anger in you work ? basquiat should there be ? interviewer tell I about it . what be you angry about ? Jean drift off . basquiat mmmm . I do not know . I do not remember . int . fancy gourmet deli - day Jean and Andy browse through the aisle . Jean pile thing into he cart . Jean approach the specialty counter . Andy continue with the cart . basquiat ( to counterman ) can I have some caviar , please ? the counterman select a miniscule plastic spoon of caviar and begin to put it into a tiny glass jar . basquiat ( cont 'd ) I would like to taste it , first . reluctantly the counterman give he a taste with a look like " what 's a person who look like you do buy caviar ? " Jean taste the caviar and hand he back the spoon . basquiat ( cont 'd ) be that the best quality you have ? counterman yeah , it 's the best one . basquiat I will take the whole tin . counterman it 's three thousand dollar ! basquiat I will take it . ( wipe nose with sleeve . ) Andy , gimme three thousand dollar . ( beat ) just the caviar - I will get the rest . he hand two one hundred dollar bill for the other item to the counterman , who check they carefully . basquiat ( cont 'd ) you check everyone 's bill or just mine ? CUT to : ext . window - day a cheap pharmacy gift shop window . Jean and Andy look in on two yellow furry stuff duck which be part of a larger display . andy warhol when I be little , my brother and I use to have two duck as pet . we call they the rodriguez Brothers . they walk into a beauty salon . int . beauty salon - day Jean and Andy recline on the beautician 's armchair . three beautician busy themselves with the two of they , simultaneously give they pedicure and manicure . Jean set down a magazine . basquiat I wish they would quit write this shit about I . andy warhol that 's good . at least they be interested . basquiat everybody 's pay top dollar for scrap of paper , refrigerator door - anything with a samo tag on it . ( beat ) the other day , I just want a pack of cigarettes , so I do a draw and sell it for two buck . a week later this gallery call I up : " somebody 's offer we the draw . should we buy it for five thousand ? " andy warhol wow ... stop give they away . ( beat ) I get a invitation to model for comme de garcon ... you wanna do it with I ? basquiat yeah - I would do that ... you could teach I . andy warhol gee . I do not need to . you be a natural . you should sign up with my modeling agent . Jean point to Andy 's ankle - they have plastic flea collar on they . basquiat cool . andy warhol my dog , archie ... I wake up with flea bite ... creepy . I run out and buy flea collar . they work really well . beat . basquiat let 's leave this town and go someplace . some island . andy warhol let 's go to the Carnegie Museum . they have the world 's most famous sculpture all in this giant plaster replica . it 's really great . it 's in pittsburg . ext . STREET - - day they walk out of the beauty salon .. Jean see the back of a girl . she look a lot like gina . basquiat ouch .. andy warhol what 's wrong ? basquiat that girl look just like my old girlfriend gina . andy warhol do you still love she ? basquiat yeah . I really blow it . I still think about she . andy warhol well , have you ask she to come back ? Jean shake he head `no , ' sorry that he do not . int . barbetta' ( restaurant ) - day a medium-sized dining room with dark wood panele and tastefully appoint furnishings . Jean and gina enter . gina look considerably more conservative than previously - more like a student . Jean 's dress well , but look even more careworn than usual . his hair be tie back with a necktie . he have a couple sore on he face . his skin look a little puffy . the maitre 'd smile at Jean and bow - maitre'd Mr. basquiat - what a pleasure to see you again . basquiat hey George , what 's up ? a huge table with nine white executive . waiter clear they lunch setting . as they spot Jean and gina enter , they gawk and snicker . George lead they to they table . as they take they seat , Jean notice the suppress giggle come from the executive ' table . they try to ignore it . George disappear . Jean seem self - conscious about the sore on he face . gina so be you really friend with Andy ? he seem like such a weirdo . basquiat he 's not . he 's out of town and he call I every day . what 's weird about he ? gina do not you think he 's use you ? basquiat why do everybody say that ? he 's the only person I know who do not need to use I . George reappear . GEORGE would you like to see the wine list ? basquiat chateau latour ' 64 , please . George disappear again . gina so . be you ready ? I start Columbia next fall . of course , there 's like , a year of pre-med stuff , but - whatever . I be really excited . ( beat ) and : rene give I a job as he secretary . his poem be get publish . basquiat how be he ? gina pretty much the same . Jean 's eyebrow go up . basquiat wow . congratulation . I hate that asshole . ( beat ) thanks for come . I guess I just want to find out how you be - gina ( refer to a extra loud snicker from exec ) what 's that about ? basquiat forget it . George arrive and pour a sip for Jean to taste . he nod . George move off . two or three of the executive break out laugh . Jean put the glass down and look at they . the other table be clearly make fun of he . gina that be amazing . what year be it ? basquiat George ? George hurry over . GEORGE I be sorry , Mr. basquiat . basquiat see that table over there ? I would like to pay they bill . Long silence . GEORGE I be sorry ? gina look at Jean , confuse . basquiat yeah , just put they bill on my tab . GEORGE really ? basquiat yeah . GEORGE very well . he move off towards the executive . George whisper to the head executive , and nod towards Jean . the executive spread the word amongst themselves . they be horrify . basquiat ( continue ) baby , I think about you a lot . I be really sorry about everything . you have to believe I . I be serious . I wish , y'know , that we be - gina I do not believe it , Jean - they be pick straw . a young executive , obviously the loser , take a deep breath and head towards they . young executive Excuse I ... on behalf of my friend I would like to apologize . we be really sorry . basquiat I wish you niggah could get it togeth - ahhhhhh . the executive reach to shake Jean 's hand . Jean put a hundred dollar bill in he hand . young executive what 's this for ? basquiat the tip . Jean turn back to gina . the executive leave they . George smile . gina you do not have to be sorry . there 's no one to blame . Jean , you be a real artist . I think I be one . you make I realize I be not . basquiat what 's he name ? gina balk . Rather than face a disappointment - basquiat ( cont 'd ) I have to go to the bathroom . int . barbetta' ( bathroom ) - day close on jean - look in the mirror . he look at himself . he start to pick at he face . int . palladium - huge room - night Jean and Albert milo sit on a banquette a huge white painting of Jean 's with a dragon 's head hang on one wall to they leave . on the opposite wall in back of the bar hang another huge painting with a lot of head , mostly black . lot of people mill about a huge room . a girl - another gina look - alike walk through the crowd . Jean 's eye follow she momentarily .. basquiat ( be : the painting ) what do you think ? albert milo I like the one with the dragon 's head a lot . but the black one 's fill up with too many head ... ( beat ) I would take some of they out . ( beat ) I think you be painting too fast . I would not put in so many head . let it breathe a bit . basquiat it 's always how you would do it . this be my version . albert milo you be right . it 's you version . you should come over to the studio sometime . basquiat why , so you could humiliate I ? albert milo no , I want to make a painting of you . ext . union square park - day Jean ride he bicycle through the park . he 's look up at the bird fly in the tree . angle on the bird . we see the statue in the middle of the park , but we have no idea where we be until we see the may dept . store sign . the bird circle in flock , never lighting on the tree . ext . the factory ( entrance ) - day Jean press a buzzer . he 's admit . he carry he bike on he shoulder . int . the factory - day Jean enter a broad , high - ceiling studio . it 's neat . painting lie on the floor . Andy 's back be turn to he . as Jean get closer , he see that Andy 's assistant frank be pee on canvas cover with copper pigment . we hear the SOUND of the piss . Frank hold a bottle of beer in he hand . andy warhol a little more to the right , Frank . ok ... good. now up ... you get a little more ? Jean notice a bunch of Andy 's wig on a desk . basquiat what 's with the wig ? andy warhol I be go to send they to my friend for Christmas present . basquiat you think that be good present ? who want a old wig ? Jean make a grimace . he walk up to the painting Frank 's pee on . basquiat piss painting ? andy warhol I want to make a few more of this . Frank 's be drink this mexican beer . it make a good green . basquiat how come you be not pee on they yourself ? andy warhol I do not like beer . look down at the painting - basquiat if you ever want I to shit on them , just ask . you could finger paint . int . the factory - later Jean and Andy collaborate on a large canvas . Andy outline a mobil oil winge horse . Jean paint it out . to the side he paint a penguin with a hat . andy warhol that be my favorite part ! basquiat we can do better . it need more white . Andy watch as Jean light a joint and continue work on he penguin . andy warhol Jean , you make I feel worthless . you be so famous . Andy paint a amoco logo next to the penguin . basquiat I do not even have any friend anymore besides you . and everyone say " Warhol ? that death - warm over person on drug ? he 's just use you . " andy warhol gee . you should not take it so seriously , Jean . that 's why you can not stop take drug . you always think people do not like you . everyone like you . basquiat people be only interested in you because you be famous , not because they know a fuckin' thing about you work . Jean paint out part of Andy 's logo . andy warhol bruno call . in Europe , people be say you be gonna die from drug . they think they can cash in on you death . basquiat when I be poor , everybody doubted I could make it . when I get rich , everyone say , `yeah , but he will never keep it up . ' now everyone say `he 's kill himself . ' so I clean up , and then they say ` look . his art 's dead . ' I do not take drug , anyway . I be healthy now . Jean obliterate Andy 's logo . andy warhol if you say so . you sleep until 5:00 p.m . you call at four in the morning . you never show up anywhere on time - if you show up . you be painting out everything I do ! Andy paint back in part of the horse . basquiat that 's better . Jean add some letter on top of Andy 's logo . andy warhol I can not even see what 's good anymore . Jean Michel obliterate the rest of the logo with some white . Andy step back and squint as he examine Jean 's work . andy warhol ( cont 'd ) yeah , I see what you mean about the white . it 's better . Jean quit painting . basquiat after the show we should take a nice long vacation . maybe go to Hawaii . that 's what I be gonna do . I be go to give up painting and start play music again . I wanna sing . andy warhol that would be a pity because you be a real painter . Frank arrive . frank here 's the poster for the show . he present they with a yellow poster of Jean and Andy face each other with box glove . int . factory - next day shenge hand Andy a box . Andy open the box . Inside be a football helmet with Jean 's dreadlock glue to the outside . close up : Andy in mirror wear helmet . CUT to : insert the screen be fill with the cover of the New York Times Magazine . Jean be feature on the cover , without he dreadlock . int . great jone ST . loft - night as shenge open the door , a crowd of people spill out . they pour into the loft . the studio be crowded with people . ( many of they we recognize from earlier scene in mudd Club , Jean 's open , etc ) . on the wall there be a portrait of Jean by Andy . the background be a piss painting . Inside , Jean kneel on the floor in the corner of the loft with a bunch of people around he - girl , mostly . twenty - five copy of the Times Magazine lay stack on the floor . crouch on one knee , Jean sign a copy for a brunette . look up - basquiat name ? brunette elke . basquiat number ? brunette 505-0236 . a brunette walk up - basquiat name ? blonde monica . basquiat number ? blonde 477-0258 . Andy 's assistant , Frank , arrive with christine , 25 , a model . basquiat yo , Frank . frank this be really great . what a nice place . Jean be take with christine . frank ( cont 'd ) have you meet christine ? basquiat I do not think so . he 's throw off he rhythm . christine would you sign one of that for I ? toxic ( see with rene at loft party earlier ) spot Jean and step in . toxic yo ! Jean , this be ramellzee . rammellzee yo ... you know why rammellzee 's here , do not you ? toxic uh-oh ! rammellzee I be here for a interrogation . you have be call a graffiti artist and I wanna know why . all I see be scribble scrabble abstraction ! basquiat boom . rammellzee boom ? as in ordnance ? be you letter armed ? what be the prime directive of graffiti culture ? do you know , black man ? Jean like rammellzee enough to be patient ... toxic grin and roll he eye to Jean . Jean watch christine as they go on . toxic ( to Ram , be : Jean ) man , I be up on he year ago on the irt . rammellzee you be sell and end the culture . not one bit of information . only to get the money and growl with the power , man . toxic that 's ignorant . basquiat that be not ignorant - that 's just stupid . ( beat - to christine ) can I get you a bowl of gumbo ? rammellzee yell after he - rammellzee this interrogation be not over ! Jean escort christine to the kitchen . bruno and Andy stand in the crowd . nearby be two women . woman Albert milo ? ugh ! he 's just a pressmonger . that 's all this people do . woman # 2 you know , I love Jean 's early work . it 's really get something . but this collaboration with Andy - maybe they think it be a joke ... I mean - whose work be it ? Jean 's or Andy 's ? walk by , rene respond to this - rene his early work ? he 's only twenty - six ! rene walk over to Jean . basquiat hey , rene . rene thanks again for not invite I . I be only here on business . rene head back out into the party . Jean eat gumbo while christine thumb through the Times Magazine . angle on rene respond to something Andy 's be tell he in a low voice . rene ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) you be ask I ? nigga , please . after the way you treat I ? this be the first time I have hear from either of you in month ! I have to crash this party ! you treat I like a suede biscuit . rene do not play that ! I can not get he off drug ! I do not even talk to he any more !!! andy warhol ( to bruno ) what 's a suede biscuit ? CUT to : christinelook up from she magazine .. christine ( amused ) hey , what 's this ? it say right here you be Andy 's ... " lapdog " ... Jean walk away . he pass through the crowd , make he way to the door . he exit . ext . great jone ST loft - night drugged , upset , Jean leave the party . he open a limo door and look back at he house . the party continue . the limo drive off . we hold on Jean 's building . int . limo - night the limo float through the street . Jean stare out the window . basquiat here ... pull over . the limo pull over . Jean exit . ext . STREET - night Jean disappear around the corner . angle on three kide in the process of pry a door panel with crowbar . we see that they be remove one of Jean 's samo piece from a wall . we read : " pay for soup build a fort set it on FIRE " Jean arrive behind they . basquiat what 's up ? kid # 1 mind you own fuckin ' business . basquiat ( recognize he work ) that 's mine . kid that be not yours , man . some asshole name samo do this . kid#3 he 's dead . that 's what I hear . kid # 2 he be not dead yet . he 's gonna kill himself . that 's why all that art fag in soho be pay more every time we bring one of this in . kid # 1 stupid samo ... hardly any of this shit leave . the panel be almost pried free without a scratch . kid # 3 this one 's damn nice . I say we hang onto it if he 's almost dead . Jean shove he way in front with a magic marker and add a couple word ; now it read : " samo be dead " basquiat there you go . now it 's worth more . the kid be outrage , think Jean 's ruin they find . they jump on he . they beat the shit out of he . they be do . Jean lie curl up on the ground , try to talk . kid # 2 what 's he say ? basquiat I be samo ... I be samo ... kid # 3 ( bend close ) he say he 's samo . kid # 1 whacks he in the back once more for good measure . kid # 1 he wish . dissolve to : the sea it be flat , dead , gray . ominous and wait . int . great jone ST . loft - day washed in sunlight , a large painting lean against the wall , the word " haitian baseball factories " scrawle through its center . Jean lay down , watch tv . he look older now , more wear . his face be slightly swollen . his complexion be discolor . shenge cover a triptych with wide brush stroke of yellow paint . he circle a large , primitive figure of a black man draw with magic marker in the center . he be careful to leave the figure intact . basquiat paint it out . shenge out ? basquiat yeah ... maybe just he arm . ( shenge paint out the arm ) put some cerulean Blue there . Jean point to the lower corner . shenge pick up the phone , which have be ringing for some time . shenge it 's Andy again . basquiat still not here . shenge - in this corner ? basquiat ( not look ) yeah .. shenge change the brush and dip it in the can . shenge you want I to put it here ? basquiat use you fuck instinct . shenge shrug and start to spread the blue . Jean look at he work . basquiat ( cont 'd ) do not try to make art . just paint like a housepainter . a woman 's shout can be hear through the open window . shenge look out . shenge it 's Maria porto . what should we do ? basquiat why do not you try let she in , Steve - I mean shenge . shenge get up . she will not buy anything if she see I work on it ! basquiat wanna bet ? if you show too much respect for people with money , they do not have respect for you . maria , a raven-haire , sharp - feature beauty in a chanel suit jacket , blue jeans , and pearl walk into the room . she 's with ellen - young - a millionaire fake hippie from Texas . Maria carry a bag with clog in it - a present for Jean . she take they out . maria ( show he the clog ) this remind I of you , the clog . I find they in Amsterdam . Jean do not get up from the floor . maria ( cont 'd ) how be you ? basquiat Fine . maria you remember ellen ? ( look around ) what be you work on ? basquiat point at the painting . ellen how much be something like that ? Jean raise he hand and pump five finger three time in the air . maria Fifteen . reasonable . ellen make a snotty face . basquiat it 's unfinish . ( to shenge ) how ' bout some blue in the corner ? shenge give Jean a stupefy look . shenge Blue ? where ? basquiat what 's wrong with you today ? shenge be embarrassed by Jean 's remark in the company of the two woman . basquiat ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . it hurt my feeling . he point . unsure , shenge pick up the brush and paint one of the corner . Maria browse through a stack of painting lean against the wall . maria I love this . ellen God ... I just can not even care anymore . compare this to a mountain or a tree . who be y'all try to kid ? that 's what I think . I be just in the himalayas , and like - ok - be this important ? no . I mean , compare to the rain forest or something ? this be just narcissistic joke . maria ( to Jean ) who be you sell this through now ? Jean get to he foot . he dip a long , thin brush into black paint and nonchalantly cross out the half figure that shenge be carefully surround with blue . basquiat well , that 's better . ( to Maria ) you can buy direct from I . ellen look at this - silkscreen ? what be you ? Andy Warhol junior ? it 's like - not even handmade anymore . she 's not even worth a response . Jean look around , numb . int . mary boone gallery - day Jean enter the gallery . clean up . healthier . bruise heal . he look like he 's be painting . Mary look up from she desk , surprised to see Jean . mary boone Jean Michel ... crawl from the wreckage ? basquiat I need a dealer . mary boone you have a bunch of they , do not you ? Albert milo walk in from another room . albert milo hey Jean ! ( to Mary ) it will never fit . mary boone it will be ok . albert milo you better take a look . why 's you door so small ? the ceiling be sixteen foot and you door 's the size of a mouse hole ! mary boone why be you painting so big ? just go home . I will get it in . albert milo ( to Jean ) you do anything right now ? basquiat naa .. albert milo let 's get out of here . basquiat see ya in a hour . ( to Mary ) so what do you think ? mary boone bruno speak to I already . we could talk about it . basquiat I be here . mary boone ok . I will be at you studio Thursday three o'clock . int . albert milo' loft - day Albert show Jean through a series of large room fill with enormous painting . it look like the Cairo Museum . they pause before a painting . albert milo this be paint on a backdrop from the kabuki theater in Japan . I paint it after Joseph beuy die . a rebirth painting . I feel like he could have paint it , or maybe someone else be painting it instead of I . the chinese calligrapher use to change they name mid-career so they could start over as someone else .. basquiat do you ever get sick of it ? albert milo of what ? basquiat the whole thing - painting . albert milo no . it 's one of the few time I feel good . I use to have to go to work and cook every day . that I get sick of . basquiat what about the shit they write ? albert milo you be ask I this because of the ' lapdog ' remark . I read that . the person that write that have the compassion of a housefly . that 's you enemy , not you audience . you audience have not even be bear yet . it 's a lie that art be popular . the only thing popular about it be that it 's write about in newspaper . I be surprised when anybody come to my opening . there be about ten people on the planet who know anything about painting , and Andy 's one of they . basquiat I have not feel like talk to he since that thing come out . albert milo as long as I have know Andy , he 's never ask I for anything except to speak to you about get off drug . he 's paint my picture , we have eat dinner in God know how many place together . but he do not care about I . he care about you . you be the only person he care about . he 's you friend . fuck that article . you want a toast bagel with cream cheese ? milo 's daughter stella ( 12 ) call out from over the balcony . stella ( o.s. ) papa , the tv 's break ... will you fix it please ? albert milo alright . I will be right up . Albert leave . Jean look at some painting . stella come downstairs . stella ( to Jean ) hi. basquiat hi. stella I have see you before . I like you painting a lot . you hair be different . basquiat you like you dad 's painting ? stella some of they . basquiat stand still . he draw she . basquiat ( cont 'd ) see you later . stella thanks he walk to the door , leave the draw on the floor . Albert return . albert milo where 's Jean ? stella he just leave . Albert open the door to the stairwell look for Jean . he hear the sound of urinating . he lean over the stairwell . he see Jean Michel , take a piss on the landing . he shut the door quietly . ext . gift shop window - day Jean walk out of the gift shop ( see earlier , next to beautician 's ) ext . broadway and houston STREET - day Jean walk through the middle of the intersection . he carry two yellow , furry toy duck under he arm . super : " february 22 , 1987 " see bruno at the wheel of a black mercede stop at a light , Jean clown around like a street vendor who want to wash he window . bruno do not notice he . basquiat b.b. it 's I - Jean ! what 's the matter ? no snow in Switzerland this year ? bruno I do not see you . basquiat what do you mean ? bruno you have not hear ? Andy 's dead . the light change . bruno pull across the street because of the traffic . Jean drop one of the duck in the street and walk off . angle on the duck lie in the street . ext . great jone ST . loft - night the " out for rib " sign hang outside Jean 's door . ext . great jone ST - day Mary sit in she limo try to call Jean . int . great jone ST . loft - day near darkness . the curtain be draw . Music play : ` bird ' by Neil Young : " it 's over ..... it 's over " . Jean watch a video tape with the sound mute . the screen fill with Andy 's face . we see a series of quick scene from he life . Jean and the remain duck be light by the tv . int . great jone ST . loft - day extreme closeup : a colored pencil tip held in Jean 's hand . it 's stall in mid-stroke . he write with a magic marker on the heel of two wooden clog the word : " titanic " there 's a loud banging at the door . when it stop , the pencil tip resume its long voyage across the page . music up : Tom wait ' " Tom traubert 's blue " ext . gina's apartment - day Jean buzze the doorbell . he 's wear the clog . he 's hurt . the intercom come on . basquiat hello ? gina ? male voice who be it ? Jean recognize benny 's voice . angle up gina and benny look out the window into the street . Jean 's a block away . ext . mental hospital - night Jean get out of a cab . he walk up to the entrance . the door be lock . he rattles they . Inside , a old janitor keep mop . Jean pound harder , rattle the door more . basquiat hey , come here ! please . just for a second . open the door . the janitor get nervous . he leave . he return a moment later with a large security guard . basquiat open up ! open up ! the guard unlock the door , hope to settle Jean down . basquiat ( cont 'd ) my mother 's inside . guard come back tomorrow . visit hour be over . ( beat ) do not cause any trouble . basquiat I be not here to visit ... I wanna take she home . the guard gently usher Jean out through the door . guard do not cause any trouble . he lock the door and walk off with the janitor . ext . STREET - daybreak Jean , walk around , drift , stone . he look up at the skyline . dissolve to : wave crash silently over a surfer . fade to black fade in : STREET sound benny ( o.s. ) Willie may . fade in : ext . STREET - morning Jean have be pass out on a sidewalk . close on : benny 's face . he lean over Jean and help he up . basquiat Willie may ... Nice to see you . benny look at Jean 's eye . Jean stretch , kick life back into he limb . basquiat ( cont 'd ) how 's gina ? you guy get along ? benny look at he guiltily . benny she 's good . basquiat I guess it be a long time ago . benny come on , let 's get out of here . ext . jeep - street - day Jean and benny zoom along in a batter old Army Jeep . now revive , Jean stand up , wave at people miming General patton . we hear the music of " summer of siam . " benny sit down ! you be gonna fall out ! basquiat I fall ? let 's get some drug ! benny drug ??! basquiat Medicine , man ! like health food . I be take care of my health ! int . health food store - day a mountain of homeopathic medicine and health food on the counter . benny help the clerk load it into a box . clerk you start a hospital ? Jean approach and dump some more stuff onto the counter . he 's chew something . basquiat just ring it up . I do not need a bag . ( to benny ) try this tabouli - it 's great ... tabouli spill onto Jean 's shirt . ext - west broadway - day Jean and benny walk along . benny 's arm be full with box . Jean walk in front , eat yogurt . he 's wear he Titanic clog . benny try to keep up . basquiat ( cont 'd ) my mom tell I this ... or be it a dream ? dissolve to : int . cell - day a crude stone jail - almost medieval - fairy - tale like . a thick wooden plank suspend by chain for a bench . a candle on the wall . a small , crown prince ( the boy see in the dream in intro. ) look longingly out the window at roll green hill . terrace hillside , cedar tree , cottage , smoke wafting up from chimney . dirt street . the prince smashes the window . he hit he head on the bar , grip they tightly . ext . medieval village ' - day the villager cease they activity as they listen to the SOUND . look up , they smile , as if warm to they soul by some unearthly and intangible substance . they look heavenward . camera follow they collective gaze skyward . we shoot up , up , into the sky . basquiat ( o.s. ) there be this little prince with a magic crown . a evil warlock kidnap he , lock he in a cell in a huge tower and take away he voice . there be a window make of bar . the prince would smash he head against the bar hope that someone would hear the sound and find he . the crown make the most beautiful sound that anyone ever hear . you could hear the ringing for mile . it be so beautiful , that people want to grab the air . they never find the prince . he never get out of the room . but the sound he make fill everything up with beauty . basquiat ( o.s ) it 's definitely time to get out of here . ext . west broadway - day we rush down , down through the sky . building come up at we . we be over soho . we be back on the ground . benny and Jean continue walk . we see Jean from behind . he 's look up . benny stop to readjust he parcel . Jean continue down the street , talk louder . basquiat ( cont 'd ) Hawaii ? fuck Hawaii . let 's go to Ireland . we will stop in every bar and have a drink . freeze frame on he face super : " jean michel basquiat born : december 14 , 1961 died : august 12 , 1988 " ext . ireland - day Rolling hill . green. lush . peaceful .. fade out the end