batman 2 screenplay by Sam hamm first draft note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . they have be removed for this soft copy . note also : the hard copy of this script be in the non - preformat font " bookman old " . this have be change to preformatted text for this soft copy . ext . gotham square - dusk it 's finally happen . Hell 's freeze over . Christmas be two week off , arid snow be fall in gotham . beneath its pristine white blanket , the city look uncharacteristically serene -- almost invite . peace have be miraculously restore : stranger wave hello . salvation Army santas ring they bell on streetcorner . and now , as night fall , a illuminated sign wink on above Broad Avenue : " joyeux noel gotham -- only 16 Shopping day Left till Christmas . " the street be bustling with jolly shopper . at a souvenir store , we find a exasperate mom squabbling with she seven - year old . like many other storefront in gotham , this one be overflow with bootleg batman merchandise : t-shirt , key chain , ceramic figurine . the kid be already wear a batman baseball cap and a little black cape , but he obviously want more . Mom drag he off past another store window , this one full of scrap metal , with a sign read " authentic fragment of the batwing -- $ 19.95 and up . " a panhandler be perch at the entrance . beneath he array jacket be a grubby sweatshirt with the familiar yellow - and - black logo . in gotham this winter , batmania be everywhere ... ext . gotham square - later that night two hour later , the snowstorm 's grow into a full - fledge blizzard . the drift be two foot deep and the street be all but empty of car . a massive snow plow the size of a panzer tank rumble past , filling the frame ... ... and revealing , as it pass , a group of caroler , all bundle up in muffler and parkas . unbother by the weather , they walk the street sing , spread cheer and goodwill to the few passersby . they have just go into a lovely < i>a capella < / i> rendition of " Silent night " when a oversize delivery truck , outfit with snow chain , clank slowly past in the wake of the plow . its side be decorate with cartoon igloos advertising a popular ice cream snack -- polar bar -- oddly inappropriate for this time of year . a streetcorner santa , with bell and bucket , wave at the truck as it round a corner . the caroler carol . then -- -- a violent explosion rock the street -- follow by the sound of automatic gunfire and a high , wail security alarm . ext . schrach and CO . - that moment - night around the corner there 's carnage on the street . the window have blow out of gotham 's lead jewelry store . gut-shot security guard stagger and go face down in the snow as robber , dress in white camouflage gear , clamber out through the shattered glass with sackful of loot . caroler spill around the corner to see what 's go on , but a spray of gunfire send they scatter in panic . the polar bar truck pull even with the jewelry store , and as it do ... the rear door open . a ramp slide down from the back of the truck . the robber scramble aboard , and mere second later slide out again -- riding atop five skidoo snowmobile . siren howl . a police car appear , take the corner just a trifle too fast -- fishtailing on the icy street and plow into a drift . int . squad car - that moment - night the cop gun the engine , but they wheel be spin in the snow -- no traction . they be about to climb out and give chase on foot when , through the windshield , they see the salvation Army santa ... ... hoisting a AK -47 and firing directly at they . the windshield disintegrate and the cop sink from view as santa race off to the last of the snowmobile , which be already burden with loot . ext . STREET - that moment - night more squad car converge on the jewelry store -- but it 's difficult to carry on a high -speed pursuit when the snow 's a foot deep and the best you can do be 6 mph . the cop car skid to a halt , block by the rumbling snowplow . by now , of course , the looters be go -- scoot off on either side of the plow , stick to the snowy sidewalk . ext . street - a moment later - night snowmobile glide across the sidewalk , send the few hardy soul who be out on the street diving for cover . a couple of derelict be cower behind a fire hydrant , try to avoid get run over . every time they poke they head out , another skidoo whizze past , miss they by inch . the robber fan out in various direction . this guy be obviously go to get away clean -- unless ... the derelict point up at the night sky , where a beacon be blaze in the darkness -- the black silhouette of a bat ... int . police car - that moment - night more siren . a cop take a radio call as he streak down the long wide avenue which border gotham Park -- one of the few street which be relatively clear . the cop at the wheel go wide - eye and nudge he partner in disbelief . before they eye , five snowmobile appear from the cross street up ahead and converge at the entrance to gotham Park . bring up the rear be santa claus . cop what the hell -- ? ext . entrance to park - that moment - night brake squeal . several squad car be now mass at the entrance to the park -- but there 's one problem . the city 's snow plow do not operate on the park road -- and the entrance be block off with sawhorse read " close to traffic . " a huge steep drift prevent they from enter -- and so all they can do be stand by helplessly , watching as the snowmobile vanish into the tree . the cop race about like headless chicken , try to concoct a plan . a couple of they be try to scale the stone wall of the park . another be at he car , bark into a radio mike : cop with mike yeah , you hear I . snowmobile ! < i > ( pause ) < / i > so what do we do ? chase them on foot ?? all eye turn at the blare of a horn . the cop peer down the long corridor of the cross street -- and see a strange black vehicle barrel toward they at 90 mph , with no intention of stop ... the batmobile !! cop dive leave and right . a split-second later ... ...a forty -foot jet of nova -intensity flame erupt from the front of the jet-black supercar -- instantaneously dissolving the drift that block the entrance to the park -- turn the ice and snow on the path before it into water ! the batmobile scream past in the wink of a eye . the cop get to they foot ; cold as it be , they be sweat . one of they mop he brow and announce , dumfounded : cop I ... that be batman . cop ii no shit !! cop ii yank cop I into the nearest squad car , and the other follow suit . engine rev . as long as the batmobile 's clear a path , they might as well join in the chase ... ext . bridle path - that moment two burly teenager -- both dress in red beret and parkas with black batman sweatshirt visible underneath -- be trudging along the path when they be startled by a pair of speed skidoos . moment later , they spot a red glow on the horizon ... ... and they jaw drop as the batmobile roar into view , burning off the snow in its path . thrill beyond word , they whoop with glee , slapping high - fives as the car streak past . int . batmobile - on batman - that moment his face be weirdly illuminate by the flame still spitting from the front of the car . cool as ever -- approach the chase as a simple problem in logic -- he check a radar display on he dashboard and see five blip . ext . park - on squad car - that moment - night the cop follow along in batman 's path . the lead car lose control and plow headlong into a drift . the driver jam the pedal , but he rear wheel end up digging a deep rut in the ice . he sit there cursing , pump the accelerator as other cop race past he on foot . int . batmobile - on batman the various robber have spread out , they vehicle bounding over the hilly terrain of the park . he spot two of they up ahead ; as he draw closer , they part way , veer off to the leave and right ... angle on batmobile - moving pod OPEN on the front fender , and missile launchers rotate into place . the batmobile fire a pair of heat - seeking torpedos , which burrow into the snow on either side and disappear . angle on left snowmobile - moving the driver look back over he shoulder and see what appear to be a black shark fin plow through the snow behind he , gaining fast . he take evasive action , but the shark fin always seem to follow . just as he approach the crest of a hill ... ... the torpedo slam into the rear of the snowmobile . the force of impact knock the robber cleanly off . his loot land in the snow beside he , but the snowmobile keep go -- sailing over the crest of the hill and strike the rock beyond with a deafen explosion . angle on right snowmobile - moving this robber 's a little smarter than he buddy . when he see the shark fin on he tail , he nose he snowmobile off into a grove of tree . the tree be too closely space for the torpedo to maneuver ; it strike the nearest tree trunk and explode harmlessly . the robber be feel good about himself , because the batmobile can not follow either . but batman have a plan B . as he drive alongside the grove , he hit the accelerator , pass the snowmobile on its leave . a steel spike attach to a cable launch from the side of the batmobile and wedge itself into a distant tree . the cable go taut , and the tree topples -- directly into the path of the second snowmobile . the vehicle crash into the trunk , and the hapless robber go cartwheel head - over - heel into a drift . in the distance , cop appear -- racing to the scene on foot , ready for mop - up duty . batman kill the flamethrower , hit the brake , and fishtail , do a quick 180 on the snow . he 's just spot fresh quarry : snowmobile three and four , whizzing over a roll white pasture in the distance . ext . park - that moment we be at a makeshift campsite -- where a cluster of homeless people be burn refuse in a garbage can to keep warm . they look on in puzzlement as the two snowmobile whiz past and disappear over a crest of a hill ... ext . lakefront - on snowmobile # 3 and # 4 they bounce down the hillside and skid -- arrive at the edge of a freeze - over lake . with the roar of the batmobile behind they , the two driver get the same idea simultaneously . smiling , they rev they engine and set out over the surface of the lake . now the batmobile crest the ridge . the car 's weight tip suddenly and it begin to skid down the hill toward the lake . batman see what 's happen and kill the flamethrower just in time -- but he can not brake the car on the snowy slope . the prow of the batmobile slide out onto the edge of the lake -- -- and under its weight , the ice begin to crack . the leave front tire take a sudden dip -- and worse yet , the car be slide forward . int . batmobile - on batman he shift frantically from drive to reverse , try to rock the car out of its predicament , but he rear wheel find no purchase . he can hear the ice crack beneath he . grimace , he throw a switch on the dashboard -- ext . lake - on batmobile -- and the trunk pop open . a industrial - strength grappling hook shoot upward and dig in at a point beyond the crest of the hill ; and a conceal winch assembly begin to grind away , haul the batmobile uphill , out of danger . int . batmobile - on batman suspend just above the icy lake , he see the snowmobile vanish into the distance . he open ( yet another ) panel on the dashboard ... ext . lake - on snowmobile # 3 and # 4 the robber give each other a big thumb -up . they be almost halfway across the lake now and the batmobile be disabled . all at once they hear a strange whistling overhead ... firework ? no , it 's a thermite bomb -- rocketing past they , hit the ice some forty foot ahead and exploding gaudily . jagged chunks of ice break free and shift in the frigid water -- and the robber be skid into the drink before they know what 's hit they . angle on snowmobile # 5 - moving the last of the robber be santa claus -- he big sack fill not with toy , but precious stone . he approach the edge of the park , negotiate he way through a maze of rocky outcropping . he squirt out from behind a boulder into a clear ... ... and gasp in panic as a searing burst of flame erupt behind he . the batmobile speed out from the other side of the boulder ; santa twist he accelerator , desperately try to build up speed . as it be , he 's barely manage to stay ahead of the flamethrower . but the jet of flame suddenly die ; the hood of the batmobile rise half a foot -- -- and twin projectile launch into the air . a heavy net be strung between they -- and it land smack on top of santa claus , entangle the snowmobile and stop he in he track . immobilize , he watch through the net in horror as the batmobile barrel down . when the great black machine be almost atop he -- -- it stop on a dime six inch from he heavily - padded frame . ext . entrance to park - a minute later - night the cop be spread out near the entrance . they have round up the other robber and return most of the loot . they hear a dull roar in the distance ... ... and a few second later the batmobile streak into view , drag the net behind it -- santa , he loot , and he snowmobile , all tie up in one tidy parcel . at the entrance to the park , the net detach itself from the batmobile , dump santa into the hand of the wait cop . without stop , the batmobile roar out of the park and vanish whence it come . a mildly - humiliate cop turn to he colleague and shrug : cop I ... merry Christmas . the second cop point to santa , still struggle in the net . cop ii gift-wrapped and everything . dissolve to : ext . CITY hall - day tv minicam crews be campe out on the step of City Hall , with a sizable crowd watch from the street . commissioner gordon be read from a prepare statement . gordon after a high -speed chase -- over $ 750,000 in precious jewel be recover intact by the police force -- work in concert with batman . at the sound of batman 's name , a chanting go up in the crowd : voice in crowd take back the street ! take back the street ! take back the -- gordon wince and let out a sigh . the chanter be a group of pugnacious , well - muscle kide , late teens and early twenty , all dress in identical garb : black batman sweatshirt and little red Guardian - angel beret . they be obviously member of the same club -- just like the guy we see in the park . gordon wait for they to shut up , but they do not ; so he grab the mike and speak slowly and distinctly , try to be hear over the din . gordon I would like to stress -- that while this city enjoy a special relationship with batman -- < i> ( louder ) < / i> -- we do not condone vigilantism -- < i> ( practically scream ) < / i> -- in any form . it 's no use . he 's totally drown out by the red beret , who continue to shout and shake they fist . give up , he return the mike to a reporter and march up the step in a huff . the red beret cheer . CUT to : insert - television screen the evening news : a live , on -the-spot interview from gotham Square . a superimpose graphic identify a surly kid in a red beret as " mike sekowsky -- spokesperson -- order of the bat . " sekowsky and hey ! where do this -- < i> ( bleep ; expletive delete ) < / i> -- Gordon get off call we < vigilante >? we be not breakin ' any law . we be a group of concerned citizen , that 's all -- just like batman . woman in crowd you people be nothing but hoodlum ! sekowsky hey , lady -- we be out here on patrol riskin ' we neck to protect old biddy like you . < i> ( into mike ) < / i > if this lame -o Gordon could do he job -- more catcall from the crowd . the picture jump suddenly as a minicam be jostle ; some sort of scuffle appear to be break out . before it do , camera pull back from the tv screen , place we in : int . wayne manor - kitchen - night where alfred the butler be watch the sekowsky interview with extreme dismay . as he trim the crust from a pair of hearty watercress sandwich , he slice he finger OPEN . alfred make a pain face -- it 's all sekowsky 's fault . onscreen , the fraca continue ; sekowsky have recommandeered the mike ... sekowsky ( on tv ) we be provin ' that the spirit of batman be alive in this city . we be gonna take back the street ! sekowsky raise a fist . behind he , he cronies begin to chant : " take back the street ! take back the street ! " incense , suck on he finger , alfred move to the tv and flick it off . he turn on the radio in search of something more soothing . " good King wenceslas " pipe through the manor ; smile , alfred set the sandwich plate alongside a steaming kettle on a sterling silver tea service . int . bruce's library - that moment - night the carol continue underneath as alfred , white linen drape over one forearm , set the tea tray down on he master 's big mahogany desk . he dig in he pocket for a key and unlock a side drawer . the drawer contain a stack of yellow , aging newpaper clipping -- among they one which read " thomas wayne murdered : prominent Doctor , wife slain in robbery . unidentified gunman leave child unharm . " alfred dig around beneath the clipping and find a conceal switch at the rear of the drawer . gear grind , and a sectional bookcase detach itself from the wall -- slide out a couple of foot to reveal a stone stairway which descend into darkness ... int . batcave - a moment later - night descend the stone stair , alfred arrive in the batcave . " good King wenceslas " be on the speaker down here as well . across a catwalk the batmobile rest on its little plateau , wrap in a tarp . alfred clear some space on a lab table and set the tea service down . he glance up at the bank of video monitor and see sekowsky , still babbling , on several channel simultaneously . he scan the cave , but there 's no trace of bruce . alfred Sir ? -- master bruce ?? as if in response , bat screech and flutter in the distant recess of the cavern . alfred turn suddenly and see bruce behind he , suspend from a thin filament wire , rising out of a bottomless abyss . bruce I be not deaf , Alfred . I hear you . he 's wear he civvie -- tweed pants and cashmere sweater -- but he 's get the utility belt , with its spring - action reel , buckle about he waist . clutch a bundle , he hang in midair for a moment , dangle over the void . alfred slowly regains he composure : alfred I take the liberty of prepare tea . < i> ( indicate tbe monitor ) < / i > I take it you have be watch the news ? bruce , still dangle , glance up at the sekowsky interview and nod . bruce yeah ... lot of crazy people in this world . bruce rock back and forth to build up momentum . he kick off on the nearest stone outcropping , land gracefully on the batcave floor , and unbuckle he belt . preoccupy , he drop he mysterious bundle on the lab table : a roll of black fabric , and a cluster of lightweight , hollow aluminum rod , connect by what appear to be surgical tubing . alfred I should inform you ... Christmas be approach , and we have receive we annual solicitation from the fireman 's toy Fund . < i> ( eyeing the equipment ) < / i > if I may inquire ...? bruce oh , yeah . watch this . bruce hit a trigger on a tiny gas canister attach to the tub . the tub inflate and the rod spring erect -- stiffening , wing -like , into something which look remarkably like the skeleton of a umbrella . alfred most ingenious , sir . what exactly < be > it ? bruce what do it look like ? alfred to the untrained eye , sir , it look remarkably like ... the skeleton of a umbrella . sound good . bruce eye he new invention , think it over , smile slyly . bruce good guess , Alfred . that 's exactly right . bruce hit the trigger , and the rod wilt with a hiss . he sit at he lab table ; alfred unfold a napkin on he lap , pour a cup of tea . alfred splendid , sir , and if I may say , I be glad you be put you time to such productive use . < i> ( beat ) < / i> now -- the toy Fund . we contribution last year be a half - million dollar ... bruce we can do better than that . alfred then there 's the foster - parent program ... the gotham homeless crusade ... bruce nod abstractedly and tuck into he sandwich . he seem oddly preoccupy -- not exactly melancholy , but he thought be obviously a million mile away . alfred look on , concerned : alfred ( cont . ) be something troubling you , sir ? bruce yeah ... the holiday , I guess . always get I think about ... < i > ( he change the subject ) < / i > and to tell you the truth , I be a little -- concerned about Vicki . alfred < i> ( anxiously ) < / i> miss vale , sir ...? bruce yeah . I have be think about it lately . think about it a lot ... < i> ( gravely ; shaking he head ) < / i> ... and I still can not figure out what to get she for Christmas . bruce shoot alfred a solemn , perplex look -- and alfred heave a audible sigh of relief as we CUT to : int . prison cell - day tight on a stack of coops and cage , pile high against a bare concrete wall . each cage -- and there be at least two dozen of they -- contain a twitter bird : starling , pigeon , cardinal , titwillow ... camera pull back from the bar of the cage to reveal a very odd figure in prison grey . a canary , perch on he shoulder , sing happily as he stand in front of a grimy , crack mirror , plaster back he hair , buffing he nail with quick , birdlike stroke . mr. boniface be beak -nose , epicene , and so fat that it seem he skin should burst ; the adjective that come to mind be " obscene . " despite he eccentric appearance , he comport himself with overblown , theatrical dignity . fastidious and preen , he do not suffer insult lightly . camera pull back further -- through another set of bar -- and we realize that mr . boniface be himself cage . a prison guard arrive to slide back he cell door ... guard up and at them , pengy . -- pengy ? mr. boniface pointedly ignore the guard , refuse to acknowledge the odious ( if wholly appropriate ) nickname . guard ( cont . ) boniface ... mr. boniface finally turn . with a expression of extreme distaste , he affix a monocle over one eye , return the canary to its cage and allow himself to be ushere out . int . warden' office - day mr. boniface and he attorney sit at a long table across from the warden and the member of the parole board . parole officer you want to return the money you steal . boniface intact . the map will show you where it 's bury . the parole officer stare skeptically at a hand -scrawl map . parole officer all of it . forty - two million dollar . mr. boniface stare down humbly at the table -- as if he find the mere mention of he transgression too embarrassing to bear . parole officer ii why this sudden change of heart ? mr. boniface gentlemen , I want my debt to be repaid in full . I want to be a part of civilized society ! < i> ( ooze sincerity ) < / i> prison life be not for I . the guilt , the fear , the constant shame ... one meet a disturbingly low class of people . parole officer ii sure , but -- forty - two million dollar ?? mr. boniface nod plaintively . it 's quite a perfomlance . he dab at he face with a handkerchief ; it 's hot in here , and he 's the delicate type ... warden his record 's clean . thirteen year without a incident . attorney I would like to point out , my client 's put he time to good use . a student of ornithology ... article publish in several respected journal ... the parole officer thumb through a stack of magazine : Bird World , ornithological Review , beak and feather , nest Egg . mr. boniface bird , yes . my only source of solace . parole officer in light of this rather extraordinary gesture , I see no reason not to endorse you application for parole . boniface thank you , sir . you will not regret it . mr. boniface shake hand with the member of the parole board . as the guard escort he out , a black mynah bird squawks loudly from its cage in the corner of the office : mynah crime doe not pay . aawwk !! crime doe not pay . chuckle all around . on he way out the attorney gesture toward the mynah -- and beam at the parole board : attorney personally train by my client . int . prison cell - day free time -- the cell door be open and the convict be milling around in the common area . t-bone , 220 lbs. of dumb , hulk beef , saunter up to he cell and find he bunkmate , mr . boniface , stare at a stack of empty cage . boniface whirl on he suddenly , he face bett - red , apoplectic with rage : mr. boniface -- where be my bird ?!? t-bone shit , pengy . I let them go . mr. boniface hermione . my canary . it 's the dead of winter ! t-bone flop casually on he bunk , obviously enjoy mr . boniface 's profound distress . t-bone they be all coope up . with you leave and all -- seem like the humane thing to do . boniface's gaze fall on a corner of the cell . he spot a scatter of yellow feather -- a patch of fresh blood . with a supreme effort of restraint , he turn and force a smile ... mr. boniface I see . -- you might as well have this . I will not be need it ... he toss a sony walkman to t- bone , who flick it on . the dim strain of classical music be audible through the earphone ... t-bone well , thanks , pengy . no hard feeling . < i> ( chuckle to himself ) < / i > y'know , I be gonna miss that pudgy little ass of yours . t-bone tune the walkman to a rock station , slip the headset on , grin from he bunk . two guard arrive . as they escort he out , mr . boniface mutter : mr. boniface you will not miss it long . ext . prison - MAIN entrance - day it 's fifteen degree outside as mr . boniface -- aka the penguin -- waddle forth from the prison gate , regally attire in cutaway and pin-stripe . he pause to inhale a deep lungful of the icy air ; then , with a smile of exhilaration , he remove he coat and stretch -- spread he wing , reveling in the cold . a stretch limo pull up . two identically gaunt and vulture - like dandy , formally dress , with bowler hat and umbrella , step out to meet he . this two gentleman -- frick and frack -- serve as the penguin 's general factoti and " business manager . " frick welcome back , Mr. boniface . penguin Mr. frick . Mr. frack . we year of plan be about to pay off . int . limo - moving - day now that he 's loose , the penguin 's rapacious side be beginning to show . his eye twinkle with greed as he contemplate he own ingenuity . penguin I take it they find the money all right ? frack we bury it exactly as you specify . $ 42,271,009 ... penguin how much have we get leave ? frick reach into he coat for a balance sheet . frick let 's see -- a initial capitalization of 42 million and change , compound over thirteen year , at a annual return of just under sixteen percent -- penguin Fine , fine . how much ? frick seventy -nine million . -- exclude the sum we bury . the penguin let out a dry , heaving chortle , midway between a normal laugh and a duck' quack . he check he watch and reach into he pocket for a small electronic device . penguin speak of burial ... ext . prison yard - day t- bone on work detail . he 's get the walkman on and he 's shoveling snow to the beat . he wince , and remove the headphone ... the music he be listen to have be replace by a eerie , high - pitch whine . he 's twist the knob , try to find the station he be tune to , when a pigeon dive down straight at he head . t-bone hey -- ! he drop the shovel as the bird strike , glance off he head . before he can react , three more pigeon have swoop down at he , pecking at he head and shoulder in a frenzy . he let out a howl and stagger through the prison yard in a frenzy . dozen of pigeon be pour over the prison wall , shrieking hideously , descend on he . he fall to the ground scream for help , but the other prisoner run like rabbit , terrify ... by the time the guard come racing across the courtyard , t- bone 's no longer even visible . there 's just a swarm , man-shape mass of pigeon , peck away , flap they wing insanely . cover they face as they move in , the guard blow they whistle -- beat at the pigeon with billy club . all at once , the pigeon take off < i>en masse < / i> -- leave t- bone 's mutilate corpse sprawle in the yard . a guard notice the walkman , pick up the earphone to listen , and hear nothing but rock music -- " surfin ' Bird " by the trashmen . Bird bird bird , bird be the word ... ext . road - on penguin be limo - moving a aerial view of the limo as it cruise down the desert road lead away from the prison . it disappear from view -- and all at once the frame be fill with pigeon , great squalling flock of they , dutifully follow they master as he make he way back to gotham City . dissolve to : int . wayne manor - entryway - night alfred open the front door and find a bundle - up VICKI out on the portico , red-cheek , flushed , and happy . she pull he forward , give he a quick peck on the cheek . VICKI guess what , Alfred . I think I find a present for Bruce . she 's get a long , skinny gift BOX propped up against the exterior wall . at first it do not want to fit through the door -- it must be eight foot long -- but with alfred 's help she get it inside . the faithful butler stare curiously at this odd - shape gift ... VICKI ( cont . ) skis . -- do not let on , okay ? alfred he will not hear a word of it from I . VICKI he 's such a nightmare to shop for . -- what do you get he year after year , Alfred ? alfred < i> ( conspiratorially ) < / i > I find you can not go wrong with surveillance equipment . let I put this under the tree ... VICKI not so fast . she reach into the pocket of she coat and pull out another small gift . alfred stare at the tag -- " to alfred , love VICKI " -- and try to suppress a huge grin . alfred why , miss vale -- ! voice from behind what 's all this ? alfred and VICKI turn . it 's bruce , dress for dinner , march down the long stairway in the entry hall . VICKI wave frantically . VICKI do not look . it 's you present . VICKI rush over to embrace he . he gape at the long skinny box -- bruce what would you get I ? kareem Abdul -jabbar ? VICKI frown and give he a kiss . she nestle up against he . whisper in he ear : VICKI I be go to give you the happiest Christmas you have ever have . still in the clinch , bruce shoot a look at alfred . take the hint , alfred clear he throat and bend to pick up one end of the ski box . he back out of the entry hall , drag the box before he ... CUT to : ext . gotham park - night fire burn in garbage can . tent and lean -tos dot the snowy landscape . Men , woman , and child wander aimlessly , huddle against the cold . a army of the homeless have set up camp in gotham Park . on the nearby periphery , picketer -- half concerned citizen , half down - and -outer -- be march the sidewalk , keep a candlelight vigil . Hand -lettere placard read : " save the park . " " park be for people . " " this park be our home . " the source of the protest ? a tower sign post in a corner of the park , announce the imminent consuuction of a new luxury highrise -- the gotham park tower -- a project of Shaw construction , Inc . a lamborghini sit at a traffic light nearby ... int . lamborghini - that moment - night bruce and VICKI , dress for dinner , stare out at the demonstration . VICKI homeless . < i> ( beat ) < / i > I be just down here Tuesday . seem like there 's more every day . bruce start to say something , but can not think of anything to say . VICKI ( cont . ) Christmas time . and they say there 's over a thousand people live in the park already . bruce -- yeah . the light change . bruce throw the car into gear and -- at the next intersection -- turn the car right , into the park . ext . pub -in -the - park - night despite the name , it 's a tony little bistro catering to gotham 's elite . a panhandler , underdressed for the cold , have be hustling the customer as they come out ; a couple of parking attendant be try to drag he discreetly away as bruce's car pull up . a valet open the car for bruce and VICKI , who look on in concern as the panhandler get the bum 's rush . the livery doorman shrug apolagetically -- sorry for the inconvenience -- as they enter . int . pub -in -the - park - night post-dinner . VICKI 's get a sheaf of photo spread out on the table in front of bruce -- shot of gotham 's homeless , be forcibly evict from slum dwelling , erecting they shantytown in gotham Park . VICKI they be already razing the tenement and sro 's downtown . this people do not have anyplace else to go . < i> ( beat ) < / i > if the city start sell off the park ... bruce take a good long look at he opulent surroundings . huge window open on a serene and picturesque view of the park ; campfire flicker in the distance ... bruce -- yeah . I guess I will pass on dessert . VICKI < i> ( take he hand ) < / i > Bruce , you do a lot more than most people even dream of . bruce sure . come off the top of my tax -- VICKI that 's not what I mean . they exchange a long silent look . of course she 's refer to batman . still , the argument do not hold much water with bruce . bruce -- what I " do " do not come close to the root of the problem , Vicki . < i> ( long pause ) < / i> I be just a Band - Aid . voice from behind Bruce ! it 's be age ! VICKI turn -- and rapidly close she photo folder . millionaire construction magnate randall shaw be in the restaurant table -hopping , and he 's just glomm onto bruce . bruce randall . you remember Vicki . -- how 's the construction business ? shaw the park tower ? all system go . if we can get the junky and wino clear out ... < i > ( a big grin ) < / i > not too late to get in on the deal . bruce I will think about it . shaw say , walter Barrett 's due back from Europe . we should all get together at the club . < i> ( clap he on the shoulder ) < / i> Nice to see you again , miss veal . " miss veal " maintain a big phony smile as shaw move off to the next table . she murmur to bruce through clench tooth : VICKI what a pig . bruce I have know he since he be seven year old . he be a pig then too . VICKI now he want to gobble up the park ... < i> ( shiver ) < / i> Bruce -- be not there something you can do about people like that ? bruce what , tie he up with a bat-rope ? VICKI no , you idiot . I mean you . Bruce . bruce nod -- oh , yeah . subtle distinction . int . pub -in -the - park - night bruce and VICKI emerge from the restaurant . he hand he parking stub to a valet . a crowd 's beginning to form in the lot outside ... the red-and - blue bubble of a police car be flash a short distance off , near the entrance to the park . two red beret , in full order -of - the - bat regalia , look on as a recently - mug woman jogger give she statement to the investigate cop . bruce and VICKI , intrigue by the batman -wannabe , move a little closer -- within eavesdropp range : red beret I we be on patrol . saw the whole thing . jogger I be attack . Three man in ski mask -- cop I < i > ( indicate the red beret ) < / i> and this two break it up ? jogger this two ?? they run like rabbit . I never see anybody take off so -- red beret ii hey ! somebody have to go for the cop . cop ii you. shut up , all right ?? < i > ( to the jogger ) < / i> Lady , who be it that bail you out ?? jogger a kid . thirteen or fourteen top . he just come out of nowhere and -- tore into them . < i> ( shaking she head ) < / i > it be so quick I do not even see he face . nearby , VICKI shoot a highly quizzical look at bruce , who respond with a mystify shrug . her professional curiosity pique , she wander over to introduce herself to the jogger . a exasperate cop lead the red beret away from the crime site : red beret I Dumb shit . should n'ta be jogging in the park at night anyway . < i> ( sullenly ) < / i> look around you . it 's fulla bum . bruce gesture at the red beret 's batman sweatshirt as he pass . bruce Nice outfit . red beret I piss off , geek . dissolve to : ext . waterfront district - night snow blanket the abandon warehouse rim gotham Harbor . foghorn blare in the distance as a pair of stiletto heel -- totally inappropriate for the weather -- click across the sidewalk and pause at mid-block , where a wide wooden plank lead down from street level to a seedy hole - in- the-wall bar : the wharf rat . int . wharf rat - night a roughneck joint , about as trendy as the average bait shack . the clientele consist primarily of surly type who be save up for they next tattoo . a tv over the bar be tune to the late news : anchorwoman ... and tomorrow , the city 's power elite will be turn out in force to greet millionaire industrialist walter Barrett , who return to gotham after a five - year stay in Europe ... the bartender switch to a hockey game , because none of the rowdy at the bar give a shit about walter Barrett . none , that be , except for a strapping young bruiser name ricky , who get up and make he way to a pay phone in the corner . moment later , the owner of the high heel enter ; she open she black fur coat and unwrap she muffler , revealing exotic , vaguely eurasian feature . she 's dark and elegant , fine - bone , regal of bear -- and she name , though we do not know it yet , be selina kyle . she 's not the kind of girl who typically frequent the wharf Rat , and so she entrance create quite a stir . a longshoreman at the nearby pool table miss he shot and dig a rut in the feel . two blowsy whore size she up territorially as she find a open stool at the bar and settles in with serene indifference . the regular , of course , be all but lick they chop . the only guy in the joint who have not notice she yet be ricky , who 's still on the phone : ricky yo. ricky here . what 's the hap ? in mid-conversation he notice selina . she smile invitingly -- right at he . mildly startle , he smile back . ricky ( cont . ) Midnight . no sweat . see you then . he hang up eagerly . then , with a deep breath , he hitches up he pants and swagger over to selina 's end of the bar . selina well . " ricky , " be it ? ricky how would you know that ? selina I hear you on the phone . talk to you girlfriend . ricky girlfriend ? no , no . that be business . selina make a big show of peel off she glove . selina if you have get time for a little pleasure ... maybe you would like to buy I a drink . she clasp he hand . his eye bug out . Three enormous ring , a diamond bracelet -- there must be several thousand in rock on she leave hand alone . ricky gape at the sparkler , bedazzle . ricky jeez -- they look almost real . selina why would not they be ? ricky be not the smoothest guy around , and he line of think be all too evident . he swallow hard and try not to stare . ricky you would have to be crazy . nobody would wear the real thing to a dive like this . selina oh , they be real , all right . so be this . she wave she fingernails -- long , polished , and talon -sharp -- in front of he eye . with lightning speed , before he can react , she pin he wrist to the bar -- and with one quick stroke carve a thin bloody stripe in the back of he hand . selina 's eye flash as he gasp in shock . he try to jerk he hand away , but he can not break she grip . then -- she dominance firmly establish -- she release he hand with a coy , cheshire - cat smile . selina ( cont . ) be not we go to have a drink ? he blink , force a chuckle , smile unsteadily . she take he wounded hand , lift it slowly to she mouth , and lap gently at the blood . ricky be hypnotize . she 's get a odd way of flirt , but ricky find it somehow -- intrigue . he dab at he hand with a napkin and signal to the bartender . CUT to : ext . waterfront - pier 31 - night just after midnight ; the snow 's still fail , the water be icy , and the wharf be desert -- almost . a small steamboat be dock at pier 31 , and the deck be line with thug -- mean , ugly , and heavily armed . a similar contingent of gun-tote goons be wait to greet they on the dock below . the boy on the dock hoist assault rifle as the boat thug extend a gangplank . something major be about to happen ... the chief dock goon gesture to he lieutenant , who grab a black medical bag . hand raise , the two of they start up the gangplank . throughout all this , the dock goons keep they gun train on the boat thug , cover they buddy . one of they turn to a colleague : dock goon I where 's that goddam ricky ? dock goon ii probably out gettin ' laid . and here we be freezin ' we ball off ... ext . steamboat - on deck - that moment - night the lieutenant unload chemical testing gear from he doctor 's bag . the lead boat thug gesture to a stack of shipping crate which rest atop a large net spread out across the deck . boat thug I you pick . the chief goon select a crate at random . two boat thug tip it on its side and , use a crowbar , pry off a false bottom -- revealing a dozen packet of white powder . Pov shot - high angle - that moment we be now watch the scene from a vantage point atop a ramshackle boathouse at water 's edge . down on the deck of the steamboat , the lieutenant go to work testing the merchandise . lieutenant it 's pure . reverse angle - that moment a black silhouette be peer down from the boathouse roof . the mysterious watcher duck quickly out of sight ; the only detail that register be a pair of ominously familiar pointy ear ... chief goon ( o.s. ) let 's do it . he gesture to he boy on the dock . a crane -and-winch assembly rotate into place over the deck -- and the boat thug gather up the corner of the netting and attach they to the big hook . boat thug I hold it . let 's see the money . down on the wharf , a dock goon kneel beside a metal suitcase and open it . lot of long green inside . the boat thug signal thumb up , and the crate rise into the air as the goon with the suitcase start up the gangplank . low angle - on gangplank - that moment the goon with the suitcase march up . Beyond he , in the distance , a lithe black shadow vault off the boathouse roof and make a silent , graceful landing on the long shaft of the crane . another angle - that moment the moment of maximum tension : grim face all around , everyone hold a gun on someone else as the suitcase arrive on deck and crane swing over the pier . angle on crane - that moment razor-sharp , chrome -steel talon slash suddenly through the air . on dock - low angle - that moment the netting give way , and two dozen shipping crate rain down onto the pier , crushing two dock goons underneath . the crate explode into splinter , littering the dock with drug and random art object as the other dock goons scatter in panic . on steamboat - that moment nobody know quite what 's go on . panick , the goon with the suitcase full of money turn tail and dive for the gangplank . boat thug I see he and squeeze off a quick shot . wing , the goon topple off the gangplank and hit the drink , suitcase and all . pandemonium . all at once , everyone 's open FIRE . think he 's be double - cross , boat thug I turn on the chief goon and shoot he twice at point-blank range . boat thug I you son of a bitch ! < i > ( to another boat thug ) < / i> go after it . get the money . go !! he raise he gun , and the second boat thug dutifully obey -- diving off the deck into a hail of gunfire . everyone 's ducking for cover . boat thug I bark order at the pilothouse : boat thug I soltar las amarras ! -- cast off !! another boat thug look ! boat thug I whirl , just in time to see a shadowy figure landing cat-like on the deck mere yard away . clad in inky black leather from head to toe , the intruder 's face be conceal by what appear to be a bondage mask . studd , with opening for the eye and mouth , it span one incongruous touch : a pair of pointed cat ear . she bare she tooth and hiss . it 's a woman . boat thug I be momentarily mesmerize . in the time it take he to lift he gun , she 's produce a cat -o'-nine -tail . she snap it at he : reel he in ; and with one lethal stroke , rake she steel talon across he face and throat . he slump to the deck , lifeless . the other boat thug rush she ; she catch he under the jaw with a sudden upthrust , lift he into the AIR , and send he toppling into the water . the gangplank fall aside as the steamboat pull away from the pier . she hoist a abandon assault rifle , scatter the dock goons with a round of automatic fire , and vault off the boat -- landing in a graceful crouch on the edge of the pier . most of the dock goons have take flight , but a few unlucky specimen remain behind . she somersault forward ; take one goon off he foot with a crack of the whip ; knock another off the dock with a twirling high - kick to the jaw ; send two more reeling with swift talon-slash . the whole frenzied mop - up action take just under ten second . alone at last , she stand back to survey the scene . count the stiff 's on the boat -- which be now recede in the harbor -- there must be well over a dozen dead . the snow be speckle with red . a half - dozen body lie sprawle in they own blood ; one of they , the lone survivor , be face - down and softly moaning . retracting she steel claw , the masked woman crouch amid the wreckage of the smashed shipping crate . bindle of white powder -- million of dollar ' worth -- be scattered all about the pier , but she could not seem less interested . instead , she 's check the manifest number stamp on the side of the crate . she find crate # 18396 - bb and rummages among its content until she come up with a carefully - wrap parcel . she open it carefully and hold it up for inspection . the statuette of a raven -- carve from solid onyx -- glisten in the moonlight . the woman pause long enough to slip a small card in the moaning punk 's back pocket . then , cradling the raven under one arm , she dash off on silent cat foot . a lantern approach . it 's a old salt -- some kind of hapless night watchman -- and he face go bone - white at the sight of the carnage on the dock . he kneel beside the moan punk , turn the body over , and gasp -- because the punk' face have be clawe to shred . punk murcielago . murcielago !! CUT to : int . penguin be lair - night the unique chamber in which we find ourselves be alive with the flutter and song of cold - weather bird -- dozen of they , all chirp , flitting about in the rafter , alight on special perches mount in the wall . at the center of this penthouse room be a vast sink pool . arctic tern loll on the surround rock as a lackey with a wheelbarrow empty crack ice into the already - frigid water . carefully landscape , it look like the penguin exhibit at the gotham Zoological garden . a massive , indistinct shape glide beneath the surface . it 's not a whale ; it 's too pink . it be , instead , the penguin -- and as he break the surface , sputtering , he see frick stand in the open doorway . frick Mr. boniface ? you ... visitor have arrive . penguin thank you , Mr. frick . show she in . the penguin move to the edge of the sink pool . two of he lackey swivel a crossbar , which hang from the ceiling by a long chain , into place over he head . he grasp it with both hand -- and the crossbar rise , hoist he formidable bulk out of the water . int . high - rise - corridor - that moment frick lead the visitor down a long corridor line on either side with bird cage -- exotic songbird with brilliantly - hued plumage . camera track along behind she , and although we can not see she face , there must be something distinctively feline about she -- because the bird be shriek and flutter in they cage , recoiling instinctively as she stroll past . frick open a door and usher she into ... int . penguin be lair - a moment later - night we visitor -- selina kyle -- enter the penguin - pool room . her tooth begin to chatter . the big bay window have be throw open , and snow be blow in from outside . it 's freezing in here . she see the penguin -- wear a thin dress gown and a apron outfit with seed pouch -- scatter birdseed on the window ledge for the pigeon , totally oblivious to the cold . he turn , throw he arm wide in greeting , kiss the back of selina 's hand . penguin ah , miss Kyle ! at last we meet . selina at last we meet . -- pigeon ? penguin yes , they be common bird -- dirty , stupid , unattractive -- but they be very obedient , and they do crap on people 's head . May I ? she extend a shopping bag . the penguin remove a parcel and unwrap it , revealing the raven statuette . he set it on a nearby desk , fondle it reverently ... and beam at selina . penguin ( cont . ) I see you reputation be not exaggerated . selina I have locate the other . all but one . < i> ( shiver ) < / i > I be surprised you do not catch pneumonia -- ! with a apologetic smile , the penguin pull the window shut . penguin my normal body temperature be ninety - two degree . germ find I inhospitable . selina I see why they call you the penguin . penguin they may call I that ... but rarely more than once . Champagne ? she nod . he pour two glass , hand one to selina , raise a toast . penguin ( cont . ) my dear . here 's to the second biggest crime in the history of gotham City . CUT to : int . police observation room - night commissioner gordon and another cop , lt . eddie bullock , be in darken antechamber adjacent to a interrogation room . bullock it be not about the drug . whoever it be leave thirty kilo sit on the dock . they be watch , through a two - way glass panel , as a terrify man with a heavily - bandage face tell he story . it 's the lone survivor of the dock massacre , julio , and he voice be audible over a conceal intercom : julio ( filter ) un silueta negra -- con colmillos , y garras -- el demonio . El murcielago . murcielago ! gordon what 's that he keep say ? bullock " murcielago . " -- bat . gordon nonsense . that dock look like a slaughter-house . batman 's never commit murder . bullock we do find this in he back pocket . bullock hand gordon a card . it read : " that who feed on the soul of gotham will suffer my wrath " -- and in lieu of a signature , there 's a little black bat - emblem in the bottom corner . while gordon 's stare at it , a policeman poke he head in : policeman commissioner ? we have get Barrett . int . police interrogation room - that moment a cubicle down the hall . the splenetic walter barrett , millionaire industrialist , be fidget in he chair as gordon enter . barrett Fine welcome . this storm trooper of yours drag I away from my come - home party ! < i> ( beat ) < / i> I would like to know the meaning of this -- gordon I would like to know how thirty kilo of pure cocaine wound up conceal in you personal effect . barrett Gordon -- I come from one of the oldest and most influential famille in gotham . if you plan to accuse I of smuggle drug , be my guest . < i> ( long , menace pause ) < / i > I will have you badge before you leave this room . gordon weigh the threat . he nod to the cop in attendance ... gordon Book the son of a bitch . gordon storm out . barrett jump out of he chair , but the cop restrain he . outrage , he bat they hand away ... barrett I believe I be still entitle to a phone call . CUT to : ext . downtown gotham - day VICKI with she camera , squeezing off snap . she 's stand behind a sawhorse , part of a crowd of onlooker at a downtown demolition site . surveyor and hardhat bustle about in a vacant lot , a full city block in size , fence off and strewn with rubble . the only structure still stand be a lone , decrepit tenement build ; a wrecking ball be poise above it , ready to strike . a sign at one corner of the lot announce a forty - story office complex soon to be erect on this site by shaw construction , inc . down below be randall shaw himself , in necktie and hardhat , speak into a walkie - talkie : shaw come on ! let 's move it ! we be a hour behind as it be !! a few moment later , a cluster of people emerge from the tenement building -- a mix team of cop and construction goons who be forcibly remove a destitute family from the condenm building . VICKI watch angrily ... her Pov - telephoto lens a quick series of shot : the squatter wail and struggle , cling to the doorway , unwilling to leave . they few belonging be pack in a couple of cardboard box , which the cop heave rudely out onto the street . finally , the handcuffs and nightstick come out ... angle on shaw - that moment - day a surveyor grab shaw by the arm and point out the woman take photo in the crowd . shaw recognize she instantly . his face turn into a mask of outrage -- as if he 's be personally betrayed . shaw Jesus Christ , that 's Bruce Wayne 's bimbo ! he make eye contact with she . VICKI stare back defiantly . he 's about to stroll over and tell she off when a hardhat signal to he : hardhat phone call , Mr. Shaw . guy say it 's urgent . shaw < i> ( to tbe surveyor ) < / i> hold the ball . I wanna hear it crash . he climb into the cab of a nearby truck , where he pick up a cellular phone . intercut - barrett and shaw barrett 's still in custody at the police station -- use he one phone call to contact the construction magnate . barrett it 's I , randall -- walter Barrett . I want you to call my attorney . that be my shipment they bust up last night . shaw Jesus , walter , I -- < i > ( suddenly puzzle ) < / i> why be you call I ?? barrett it 's worse than that . somebody take my raven . shaw stare at the phone in horrify disbelief . angle on VICKI - that moment she watch as shaw climb out of the truck -- numb , in a daze . he signal to the wrecking ball operator ; a whistle blow , and the great iron ball knock a mammoth hole in the facade of the tenement . shaw do not even stick around to watch it . he scurries off to he car at the end of the block . VICKI , highly intrigue , get it all on film ... int . gotham globe - CITY room - day VICKI 's in a huddle with the manage editor , schultz , show he she photo -- shaw orchestrate the eviction of the squatter family . schultz great stuff , but we be look at a shitfight with we beloved publisher . he and Shaw ... < i> ( crossing he finger ) < / i > Old money stick together . VICKI point to a photo of shaw racing from the truck to he car . VICKI I would sure like to know what shook he up so . he be out of there like a scared rabbit ... just then , a reporter -- wilk -- rush up excitedly to schultz 's desk . wilk get a blind tip from downtown . you know that massacre on the dock ? batman . VICKI react in astonishment . schultz 's jaw drop -- this be hot . editor whoa ! be this on the level ? wilk cop even get a note . " that who feed on the soul of gotham will suffer my wrath ! " < i> ( grin ; to VICKI ) < / i> sound like you pal 's cranke it up a notch . VICKI start to protest , but think better of it . int . wayne manor - entry hall - evening alfred open the door . a banner headline stare he in the face : batman implicate in dock massacre industrialist link to drug smuggle Ring VICKI , who 's hold up the afternoon paper for alfred 's inspection , peek out glumly from behind the masthead . VICKI see the late edition ? alfred I be afraid so , miss vale . master Bruce be sequester in the cave . int . bruce's library - a moment later - evening on they way to the batcave , alfred and VICKI pass through the library . they pause in front of the television -- which be tune to a panel show , with various expert discuss the hot issue of the day . environmentalist ( on tv ) walter Barrett 's no saint . his factory have be dump poison into the air and water for year . if he be mix up with drug ... pundit ( on tv ) that 's not the issue . the issue be , do we entrust we public safety to some ... mask vigilante . do batman have a license to kill ? alfred < i> ( shaking he head ) < / i > ah , the public . dishearteningly fickle . VICKI follow alfred out . we hold on the tv as the camera pan over to the third guest on the panel , loudly demand air time . he 's wear a red beret and a batman sweatshirt : mike sekowsky ( on tv ) yo , here 's the tip , man . drug dealer be scum . if batman do wax this punk ... so what ? they deserve it ! end of discussion . int . batcave - a moment later - evening alfred and VICKI arrive ; bruce gesture for they to keep quiet . he 's hunch over a tape recorder -- and commissioner gordon' voice be blaring from a nearby speaker ... gordon ( o.s. ; filter ) anyone could have write that note . int . gordon be office - that moment gordon 's in conference with a number of CITY official -- blissfully unaware that anyone might be eavesdropp . CITY official I and I suppose anyone could have take out a boatload of armed thug . a dozen man , Jim -- murder in cold blood -- gordon before we forget , batman 's save hundred of life ! CITY official ii he 's still a vigilante . we do not know who he be , where he come from , why he do it ... CITY official I Street punk be one thing , Jim . this be walter Barrett -- a personal friend of mine ! as the conversation continue , camera slowly move in on a computer terminal in the corner . we see the tiny trademark emboss on the cpu -- " wayne technologies . " int . batcave - that moment - on bruce as he listen through he conceal bug . CITY offcial ii you have gotta bring he in , Jim -- at least for question . it would sure help if we could get that mask off ... bruce shut the recorder off . he turn to face alfred and VICKI -- bruce lady and gentleman ... I have be frame . CUT to : ext . gotham CITY - night the bat - signal blaze in the night sky . after a beat , the camera tilt down to a cluster of excite citizen , who point and holler as the batmobile streak past . int . squad car - that moment two cop be park in a alleyway , watch as the batmobile whizze past on the street . the driver pull out behind it as the second cop grab he radio mike ... cop one-delta-niner -- 10 - 80 on riverview north-bound at 33rd -- 10 - 78 , repeat 10-78 . voice on radio ( filter ) 10 - 4 , one - delta-niner -- that 's a 10 - 37 , repeat 10 - 37 . backup on the way . ext . STREET - on batmobile barreling toward US on the street . the squad car gain behind it . a siren howl ; a red-and - blue bubble begin to flash ... the batmobile make a hairpin turn -- and accelerate . overhead angle - the street as the batmobile round the corner and pick up speed , two more squad car scream down the cross street , join in the pursuit . all at once thick black smoke billow from the back of the batmobile -- enveloping the police car , blinding the driver ... ext . STREET - that moment - night two squad car park in a v-formation -- a makeshift roadblock . anxious policemen mill about in front of they . they move into position as the batmobile , still trail smoke , round a corner and careen directly toward they ... angle on batmobile - that moment the front fender of the batmobile detach and extend itself from the body of the car . it bend in the middle ; wing - panel flip into place , form a arrowhead - shape cow -catcher . ext . STREET - on roadblock a shrieking horn blare . the cop see the batmobile speed up and dive for the sidewalk . the cow-catcher slam into the souad car , push they effortlessly aside , and cruise through the gap . as the pursuing car emerge from the smoke cloud and follow the batmobile through , we tilt up to the roof of a nearby building -- ext . rooftop - that moment -- and realize that the batmobile 's on automatic pilot , because batman 's be on the roof all along -- watch the action with some dismay . his relationship with the gotham PD appear to be on shaky ground . he speak into he voice - activate remote control unit : batman evasive . siren howl below as he stroll across the rooftop , lose in think . CUT to : int . penthouse apartment - night at this height , the siren be a distant insect drine . we be in the palatial dig of randall shaw , the construction magnate . there 's obviously money to be make in real - estate development -- because the wall be line with art , and the floor - to- ceiling window open on the most spectacular view in gotham . at the moment , shaw 's pose casually in front of he new brancusi -- which rest on a pedestal near the window . a unidentified woman in a slinky black dress look on , she back to the camera ... woman it 's a fake . shaw hmm . it cost I a half a million dollar . you be sure ? woman absolutely . you see , I ... happen to know where the real one be stashed . the woman wander out of frame as shaw smile , impressed . he seem peculiarly nonchalant about the whole deal ; at the moment , art be not the first thing on he mind . camera stays on he as he pour two glass of red wine and circle in on he mysterious guest . shaw I guess you would know . I have some " friend " in the art world . they say that -- for certain hard - to - get item -- you be the one to call . woman ( o.s. ) how flatter . shaw they say for the right price ... you could steal Michelangelo off the sistine Chapel Wall . woman ( o.s. ) Mr. Shaw . do you believe everything you hear ? shaw oh , I be not one to judge . I admire people who take what they want . I be just curious how you do it . shaw hand she the wine , and for the first time we see she face . it 's selina kyle , perching seductively on the arm of the sofa ... selina I find that the old method work best . setting she wine down , flash she patent cheshire - cat smile , selina move in on he -- and they go into a deep , passionate kiss . her long red nail dig into he back ; shaw drop he wine glass , which shatter -- splash red wine across the polished parquet floor . int . penthouse - shaw' bedroom - night the action 's go horizontal . selina , peel down to a sheer lace teddy , be on the bed atop shaw -- tickle he throat with quick , lap kiss . she roll off suddenly ; when he try to sit up , she push he back down with a single finger . sitting on the edge of the bed , she peel off she stocking , twist they around into tight cord . with a coy smile she run she finger in a circle around shaw 's hairy chest -- and then , abruptly , knot one stock tightly about he wrist and tie it off on the bedpost . shaw hey , what be you do -- ? he try to break she grip . she backhand he sharply across the face . selina you be very inquisitive . you will just have to be discipline . a edgy smile spread across he face as she bind he other hand to the bedpost . none too quick , he 's just catch on that all this be part of selina 's kinky scene . she cross quickly to the bathroom -- shaw you know , I have ... I have never really do this kind of thing before . -- and reemerges wear she catwoman mask ... which seem perfectly appropriate in this context . selina I think people should indulge they fantasy . do not you ? now that he 's all truss up , she cross the room and reach into a oversize bag . she withdraw a odd -look chromium brace , slip it on over she wrist , and hit a trigger . six - inch steel talon snick into place . shaw 's dopey smile fade ... shaw hey , what be that -- what be you -- he let out a awful , shrill shriek as the camera whip pan away from the bed to a Jackson pollack on the wall nearby . a spray of blood spatter across it -- in a aesthetically pleasing way -- and the shriek end in a low gurgle as we CUT to : int . build lobby - a few minute later - night a security guard be work a crossword at he booth near the entrance of the building . behind he , a bank of monitor show various empty hallway throughout the building . he reach for he coffee and see a red light flash on a wall panel nearby . int . shaw' penthouse - that moment the penthouse be throbbing with the clangorous sound of a burglar alarm . selina be stand by a OPEN wall safe -- conceal behind a painting , which have be swing away on hinge -- and she 's holding her ear , wear a look of complete exasperation : oh , shit . the guard voice crackle over a nearby intercom : guard ( o.s. ; filter ) Mr. Shaw ? what 's go on up there ? -- Mr. Shaw ? furious with herself , she reach inside the safe and extract a black raven statuette -- identical to the one she take on the dock . she slam the door shut and swing the picture back into place . ext . street - that moment - night siren echo in the street . squad car make sudden turn and streak off toward shaw 's building . ext . rooftop - high angle - night watch the car from he rooftop vantage , batman raise a antenna mount on he utility belt and cup one hand to he head . a earpiece conceal inside he cowl give he the police frequency : dispatcher ( o.s. ; filter ) -- possible 15 in progress , 188 E. 69th at gotham Park West . move out . it 's randall Shaw . repeat , all unit -- batman 's eye widen . he step to the ledge and pull a tiny metal cylinder from he belt -- immediately recognizable as part of bruce 's hydraulic umbrella-gizmo . but it 's no umbrella . when batman thumb the switch , he black cape begin to spread and rise -- stiffening , expand -- inflating itself into a pair of rigid black batwing . he step off the ledge , into midair -- soaring silently across the STREET like a human hang -glider as the cop car cruise past far below . int . shaw' bedroom - night there 's a awful banging at the front door . shaw lie under the bloody sheet , hand fold , stare lifelessly up at the ceiling . selina , now dress in full catwoman regalia , sling a lightweight knapsack over she shoulder . she pick up the nearest chair , ram it through shaw 's plate- glass window , and clamber out onto the ledge outside . ten second later the cop burst in . they rush to the bedroom -- spot the shattered window , the inert gory mass on the bed -- -- but the real shock come when they glance over at the wall . paint there , in blood ... be a big , red , drip bat . cop jesus ! ext . rooftop - shaw' build - night forty storey up . the catwoman , in a surefoote crouch , she scurries along the ledge -- spring at a cornice -- and in one lithe motion vault up onto the roof . she scamper across the rooftop , drop from one to the next with rope and tackle , like a mountain climber -- -- until she reach the building at the end of the block . here she pause to dig in she knapsack . she pull out a retractable hook at the end of a rope , swing it around , heave it at the rooftop across the street ... ext . STREET below - low angle - that moment police pile out of car and race for the entrance , totally oblivious to the odd scene take place overhead -- where the small , barely - visible figure of a woman , clad entirely in black leather , be do a tightrope walk across the intersection . ext . rooftop - a minute later - night the catwoman bound across snowy rooftop until she decide she 's out of danger . then , weary and exhilated , she drop to she knee ; bath in moonlight , she preens , stretch , emit eerie little purr and hiss of pleasure . she 's just make a kill and she blood be run high , so she 's stop for a moment of quality time . she hear a odd crunching noise two roof over . her whole body tense and -- though she head do not move -- she eye dart leave . a cape shadow have just touch down at the end of a line . the gold bat - emblem on he chest be visible for the briefest of second before he step back into the shadow . she act like she have not notice ... ... but a little smile flicker across she lip just the same . tight on batman - that moment his eye widen -- he lip part as he watch she . if it 's possible to see absolute consternation behind that mask , we be see it now . he Pov - on catwoman - that moment she still do not let on that she 's see he . instead , she go to the ledge of the roof and begin to strut , like a gymnast on the balance beam -- posing for he in a little private show -- a strange , self - infatuated , autoerotic dance routine for batman 's benefit . ext . rooftop - that moment his jaw be down around he knee . whoa . he edge forward slightly , as if hypnotically draw to she ... she hear a noise . stop . make a big show of look leave and right . somehow afraid she will see he watch , batman jump back into the shadow . she gather she thing ; a small white card flutter from she knapsack to the snowy roof , and she vanish over the edge . snap back to reality , he bolt across the roof just in time to see -- ext . side of build - on catwoman - that moment - night she 's rapidly work she way down the side of the building , flipping down from one fire escape to tile next -- a master gymnast . Three storey up , she land on a railing , then stop -- launching herself out over the street , make a perfect landing on the roof of a pass bus . ext . rooftop - on batman - that moment - night batman turn -- and he eye fall on the white card . he kneel to pick it up ; a brief three - word message be scrawle upon it ... looking for love ? he go goggle - eye with astonishment . he rush back to the edge of the roof and see the bus just turn toward the entrance to gotham Park . he 's reach for he grapple - gun , figure to follow , when a floodlight catch he full in the face . ext . street below - that moment - night down below , the cop be sweeping they beam across the rooftop . two of they catch a quick glimpse of batman just as he duck back behind the cornice , out of view . cop hey . you see what I see ...? this send the astound cop rush to they radio . right on cue , commissioner gordon 's car pull up . lo. bullock , who 's already on the scene , fill he in as he climb out . bullock it 's randall Shaw . torn to ribbon . -- we just make batman up on the roof . gordon oh God . ext . gotham park - that moment - night the bus rumble deeper into the snowy park . a black silhouette spring off the roof into the tree , disappear among the branch ... we track with the bus as it move through the park , arrive finally at : ext . clearing in park - shantytown - night the little colony of homeless people in they cardboard shack and lean-to , still occupy the future site of the Park tower . marcher and picketer be continue they protest nearby , and some charitable organization 's set up a makeshift soup kitchen on fold table -- hot coffee and sandwich . VICKI 's on the periphery of the camp , camera in hand . she 's try to persuade a homeless man to let he picture be take . VICKI please , just one . it 's important for people to see what 's happen . homeless man they do not want to see we , lady . they just want we go -- out of sight , and out of mind . < i> ( mumble as he wander off ) < / i> get worse before it get better . it always do . VICKI turn . in the distance , the picketer be shriek and wail . a van 's just pull up to the edge of the park , and a dozen hardhat be elbow they way through the crowd . all at once they be swarm through shantytown with tire irons and baseball bat , overturn the sandwich table , ripping down the shabby tent and lean-to . some of the homeless people run . that who resist meet with swift and sudden violence . a marcher jump a hardhat , and get a baseball bat in the gut for he trouble . VICKI wait for the police siren , but they do not come . she back off toward the tree , she begin snapping photo frantically , capture the carnage on film . a hardhat be dismantle a lean - to with he tire iron -- send the terrify family inside scurrying off into the snow -- when he glance up and see VICKI take he picture . he point she out to a colleague ... ... and suddenly the two of they be rushing toward her with pure cold malice in they eye . VICKI turn to run , but it 's slow go in the snow . she slip and fall ; she attacker be almost upon she ... ... when a shadowy figure dive out of the tree and tackle one of the hardhat . the figure land a powerhouse blow to the fall hardhat jaw , knock he out cold . the second hardhat turn and lift he tire iron . but the figure , with surprising agility , be already roll out of the way . as he roll , he grab the first guy 's hardhat off he head and bring it up in front of he -- block the blow from the second guy 's tire iron . in the same motion , he plant a foot in the second hardhat 's belly and send he reeling backward , hardhat ii drop the tire iron , and the figure snatch it out of midair as he get to he foot . he move in on the second hardhat , brandishing the iron -- -- and while hardhat ii be stare at it , the figure high - kick he in the face . hop ; kick . hop ; kick . the figure have nail he three time squarely on the jaw before he can hit the ground . the figure turn toward VICKI . her eye go wide with astonishment . it 's a kid , thirteen or fourteen at the outside , sink - eye , grimy - look , in a tear - and - tatter raincoat . she stare at he for the briefest of instant before he rush off to the aid of he fellow homeless ... she can not believe what she 's see . the kid wade smack into the midst of the remain hardhat , and kick ass -- spin , pirouetting , kick , claw in a furious display of pure athleticism . it seem like he 's everywhere at once . there 's only one other guy in gotham City who can handle himself like this ... rallying behind he , the marcher and homeless people snatch bat and tire iron from the fall hardhat -- and the tide turn . the invasion be be repell . face with renew resistance , the few hardhat still leave stand turn tail and race off to they van . triumph in shantytown . the marcher and homeless cluster together to lick they wound -- and the kid , satisfied that everything be under control , turn and sprint off toward the tree . but one prostrate hardhat be only play dead . as the kid run past , the hardhat extend a tire iron into he path -- tripping he , send he sprawling in the snow . the kid throw up he hand as the hardhat prepare to smash down at he ... clang . the hardhat drop he tire iron and topple over , boardlike . the kid look up and see VICKI stand there with a baseball bat . he give she a quick nod of acknowledgement as he get to he foot -- thanks for return the favor . he 's about to light out again when -- VICKI wait ! do not be afraid . I want to thank you . I -- kid < i> ( cautiously ) < / i> twenty . VICKI what ? kid twenty buck . VICKI 's mildly take aback , but she reach for she purse just the same . she 's barely get she wallet open when the kid snatch the bill out of she hand . they stare at each other for a long moment -- VICKI ... who be you ? kid Dick . -- and then he 's bound off like a shot . vaulting up into a tree and vanish amid the snowy branch . VICKI start to follow , but there 's no way she can keep up . instead she dig into she camera bag ... her Pov - through telephoto lens use the long lens , she track the kid 's progress through the treetop . she can not actually see he , but occasional chunks of snow and ice be fall to the ground as he jump from limb to limb ... for a moment it seem like she 's lose he . as she sweep the lens back and forth , scan the tree , she catch sight of a equestrian statue in the distance . she up the magnification so she can see the plaque on the pedestal . the stone figure on the horse be Union war hero gen . oliver wayne -- bruce 's great- grandfather . as luck would have it , the kid drop to earth not ten foot from the statue -- VICKI 's get he in she sight again . he look around cautiously to make sure no one 's follow , then race toward a stone bridge which arch between two small hillock , over a freeze creek . there 's a drainage tunnel , four or five foot in diameter , mount in the bridge abutment , the kid pries off a wire grate and clamber inside , then pull the grate back into place behind he . Home sweet home . ext . park - on VICKI - night as she lower the lens . her face be full of conflict emotion . she would love to corner this boy vigilante and find out what he story be . but on the other hand -- even the homeless be entitle to they privacy ... CUT to : int . penguin be aviary - night a canary sing in its cage as a black cat watch transfix from a nearby chair . the cat arch its back -- wait -- and spring at the cage , batting at it in midair . the canary shriek ; the cat yowls ; a woman snatch it up off the floor , cradle it in she arm ... woman' voice now hecate . you do not want that scrawny little bird -- it 's selina , look ripe and slinky in a sheer black ensemble . at the desk behind she be the penguin , in he customary cutaway and waist - coat , polish he new raven . he bare he tooth : penguin do you want I to wring that creature 's neck ? selina you try it , I will do the same to you . < i > ( as he grumble ; bemuse ) < / i > I see he , you know . penguin saw who ? selina batman . he be dreamy . she stroke the cat , in a reverie . the penguin drop he polish cloth , startle . penguin dreamy ?!? be you insane !? my God -- < i > ( sputtering wildly ) < / i > be you sure it be he ? what do he do ? selina he stand on a roof and watch I . he do not realize I would see he . I do not think he know quite what to make of I . < i> ( smile ) < / i > but he be definitely interested . this send the penguin into a frantic round of pace . ( or waddling . ) penguin this scheme of yours be backfire . we do not need he on we tail . do you know how much money be at stake here ? selina money be not everything . < i> ( casually ) < / i > what 's the point if we can not enjoy ourselves ? she chuckle to herself . he stare at she in disbelief -- and squawks . CUT to : ext . gotham square - morning the big sign over gotham Square tell we there be only 9 shopping day leave until Christmas . down below , bruce be walk VICKI to work . VICKI six-on-one , and he take them all out ... then vanish into a drainage pipe -- right next to the statue of General Wayne . bruce my illustrious great-grandfather . think it 's the same kid we hear about ? VICKI must be . he remind I of you . bruce chuckle . they pass a newsstand just outside the Globe building , pause to stare at the headline -- which scream : new bat-murder ? batman suspect in slay of millionaire developer commissioner Gordon refuse comment the accompany photo be a full - color spread of the bloody red bat paint on shaw 's wall . bruce scowl at VICKI : bruce -- you work for this rag ? < i> ( snatching up a paper ) < / i> you boss be call for Gordon 's resignation -- unless he bring batman in for question ... VICKI nudge bruce and point at a storefront across the street . there Pov - souvenir shop the owner be in the store window , hastily remove all of he batman merchandise and set up new display devote to teenage mutant ninja turtle and the simpson . a mother drag she squirming toddler past the entrance -- the kid smell heavy markdown on bat-shit , but Mom clearly do not approve ... back to scene - on bruce and VICKI look on in dismay . bruce crumple the paper in outrage : bruce I need a good pr man . news vendor hey , pal -- you buyin ' or borrowin' ? with a sullen look , bruce toss the paper back on the rack . VICKI pull he off toward the entrance of the Globe . VICKI that 's what happen when you go after the rich and powerful . bruce hey , it be not I , remember ? I be rich and powerful -- as he 's talk , bruce glance back at the newsstand . he see a ad flyer tack up on one side -- " looking for love ? find it in the gotham globe personals . " look for Love . eye widen , he dig in he pocket for a quarter and race back to the newsstand . VICKI keep walk ... VICKI maybe it 's almost ... good . in a weird way . I mean , Shaw , and Barrett -- if people like that be really scared , maybe they would -- she suddenly realize she 's talk to herself . she turn around and see bruce back at the newsstand , hurriedly unfold a copy of the Globe . she march back and tug at he sleeve . VICKI ( cont . ) hey , I be late for work . you can read that later . bruce quiet . I be look for a personal ad . her face screw up in confusion as bruce frantically scan the page . bruce ( cont . ) " tall , Dark and handsome -- you see I on the roof 12/ 16 . I be in black ; you be too . " VICKI be this some kind of bad joke ? bruce it 's she . that cat woman , or whatever she be . < i> ( read aloud ) < / i > " I jump a bus into gotham Park hope you would follow , but you be too shy ... " VICKI what do she want -- a date ? bruce she 's try to contact I . say she 's gonna leave I another ad ... the two of they exchange a look of utter perplexity . bruce 's mind be racing ; he seem bizarrely arouse -- in a way that make VICKI just a trifle nervous ... int . gotham globe - CITY room - day VICKI arrive at she desk and set she portfolio down . she spot a message in the " in " file . she take one look at it , and she eye go wide with rage . she storm out in a fury ... int . publisher's office - a minute later - day barge past a phalanx of secretary , VICKI burst into the inner office of harrison J. provost , publisher of the Globe . he 's just open he mail . he heave a weary sigh as VICKI bark at he : VICKI why did you kill my story ? provost Close the door . < i> ( wait for she to calm down ) < / i > you story be not news . with Shaw dead -- VICKI but the project 's still go ahead ! if attack homeless people in the park be not news , I would like to know what be -- provost there 's a psycho out there in a mask and cape -- kill off gotham 's most prominent citizen ! that 's news . < i> ( beat ) < / i > I have know randall Shaw all my life . his family be in mourn . and it just so happen I do not believe in slander the dead . VICKI fume . she turn and stare provost straight in the eye . VICKI Mr. provost -- how much money do you have tie up in the Park Tower project ? provost Vicki ... I be go to forget you make that remark . for the sake of you job , I suggest you do the same . VICKI stalk of -- and provost go back to he mail . he find a envelope address in a shaky , psychotic scrawl , with the word " confidential " underline three time in ink . he tear it open -- -- and he face turn pale as he stare down at the content : a small business - size card , sign with a bat-emblem ... that who feed on the soul of gotham will suffer my wrath CUT to : ext . gotham hall of justice - day walter barrett and he attorney emerge onto the front step of the courthouse . barrett be instantly mobbed by reporter . reporter I Mr. Barrett ! any comment on the arraignment ? reporter ii be it true bail be set at two million dollar ? attorney stand back ! my client have nothing to say at this time ! the attorney clear a path for barrett , who climb into a wait car , shield he face . reporter cluster around it ... as the car pull out into traffic , we see a flock of pigeon take wing from they perches on the statue outside the Hall of justice . overhead shot - on barrett' car pigeon fill the frame , swoop down toward the car , which be idling at a traffic light far below . int . barrett' car - that moment the livery driver drum he finger as he wait for the light to change . barrett 's in the back , speak into he cellular phone . barrett it 's time we call a emergency meeting of the raven Society . get back to I ... look troubled , he hang up . a fat white glob of pigeon shit splatter across the windshield . second later -- another splat . barrett ( cont . ) damn pigeon . driver just wash it , too . the driver reach for the wiper switch . they hear a tiny dink as a solid pellet bounce off the windshield . barrett and the driver exchange a mystify look . a small , blink capsule have just lodge in the wiper- blade assembly ... overhead shot - on barrett' car just as the light change , the car explode into a million fragment -- leave a blackened crater in the middle of the intersection . CUT to : int . batcave - day tight on a video monitor -- show FIRE truck in the intersection we have just leave , hose down the wreckage of barrett 's car . bruce be watch intently when alfred appear behind he . alfred the fluegelheim call again , sir . they want to know if you will be attend the open of the new egyptian exhibit . bruce , still engross in he news broadcast , wave alfred off . bruce cancel . anchorwoman ( on tv ) -- and , cite new evidence in the so - call string of " millionaire murder , " Police commissioner j.t. Gordon today swore out a warrant for the arrest of batman . < i> ( beat ) < / i > we go now live to Mike sekowsky , spokesperson , order of the bat . sekowsky jeez ! talk about gratitude -- !! at the sight of sekowsky 's face , bruce kill the sound in disgust . alfred look on helplessly as he pace the floor of the batcave . bruce well , Alfred , it 's official . I be a want man . < i> ( beat ) < / i > " New evidence " ... I have gotta find that woman . do you check the personal ? as alfred shake he head no , a buzzer sound . they have get a visitor . bruce hit a switch on a monitor , and see commissioner gordon' car sit outside the wrought-iron gate of Wayne manor . he throw a nervous look at alfred . alfred speak into a microphone : alfred who 's there ? gordon Jim Gordon , Alfred . I have get to see Bruce . a spooky development . do gordon suspect ? after a moment 's hesitation , bruce nod to alfred -- let he in . alfred Mr. Wayne will see you , sir . int . bruce's library - a moment later a curious bruce usher gordon into the library , gesture toward the liquor cabinet . the commissioner nod he head no . he 's fidgety , ill at ease -- he obviously do not want to be here . gordon sorry to bother you . Bruce -- I will get right down to it . you know Shaw and Barrett -- bruce I see they occasionally . we all sit on the board of the fluegelheim ... gordon do you have any ... dealing with they , or -- bruce no . I never like the way they do business . gordon the thing be , Bruce , you be all lumped together in the public mind -- the five families of gotham , that sort of thing -- and , uh ... < i> ( take a card from he pocket ) < / i> Harrison provost get this in the mail . bruce examine the card , -- " that who feed , " etc . he stare at gordon in mock -concern , play it close to the vest ... bruce then batman be behind all this . gordon batman or a damned good imitation . bruce well . he 's change tactic , have not he . gordon < i> ( shrugging ; at a loss ) < / i > Shaw , with he high -rise -- Barrett , a druglord , major polluter -- they be not exactly model citizen . who know , it could be some crazy social - conscience kind of thing . bruce you mean he 's go after ... the root of the problem . gordon shake he head and get up to go . bruce hand he the card . gordon let I know if you get one of this . we will put all we resource at you disposal . bruce nod thoughtfully as alfred appear to see the commissioner out . a moment later , the butler reappear . bruce change my mind , Alfred . I will be drop in on the fluegelheim after all . CUT to : int . fluegelheim museum - night it 's a party to celebrate the open of the new egyptian exhibit , and the fluegelheim be hopping . board member , museum patron , and socialite mill about in dinner jacket and evening gowns , make small talk . a OPEN sarcophagus have be set up as a wet bar . on a raise concrete platform in the center of the hall , rimmed by a decorative moat , sit a ancient egyptian shrine . the temple of bastet have be move to gotham and reconstruct in the fluegelheim -- sandstone wall , fountain , statuary and all . guarding the entrance be a stately bronze statue of the goddess bastet -- who have the body of a woman and the head of a pointy - ear cat . she hold a aegis and a sistrum ; four tiny kitten romp at she foot . bruce , who 's just arrive , be take a intense interest in the cat-goddess ... VICKI what be it ? bruce I just have a weird sense of < i>deja vu < / i>. he glance over by the sarcophagus and see provost , the publisher , huddle with eliot tiptree III , transit magnate -- the remain member of gotham 's " five families . " the two of they be engage in some urgent conversation which he can not quite make out ... tiptree Harrison -- we really ought to warn Bruce . we owe he that much . bruce detach himself from VICKI and stroll toward they . provost and tiptree force smile and wave , affect a air of nonchalance . provost ( cont . ) the man 's a space cadet . let he look out for himself . < i> ( as bruce arrive ; cheerfully ) < / i > why , Bruce ! what a delightful surprise . bruce good to see you two . look like the five families be suddenly down to three . < i> ( look around ) < / i > in fact , if somebody drop a bomb on this room right now -- tiptree chuckle nervously . provost be even less amused . provost be that you idea of a joke , Bruce ? bruce not at all . commissioner Gordon seem to think we should all be hire bodyguard . tiptree provost oh , that 's absurd . I already have . the two of they glower at each other . it 's like a outtake from < i> the newlywed game < / i>. bruce shrug it off and make a vacuous face : bruce thing be , I can not imagine why batman would be after we . can you ? provost and tiptree be about to go into another round of hemming - and-haw when a new face join the party . it 's selina kyle -- stun as ever in a extravagantly revealing dress slit up to the armpit . she 's hold two glass of champagne ... selina you two look like you need a drink . -- and be this who I think it be ? she flash bruce she most win , seductive , heavy - artillery smile . he blink , temporarily speechless . provost selina Kyle -- Bruce Wayne . selina we absentee board member ! I have be want to meet you forever . tiptree selina 's the new curator of antiquity . she bring the Temple over block by block -- selina you two will not be terribly upset if I borrow Bruce for a moment , will you ? before he can protest , she 's link a arm around he and drag he off . a nearby fat man spot selina , wiggle he eyebrow and wave brightly . his tongue be practically hang out -- he 's just die to write she a check . selina sigh wearily to bruce : selina ( cont . ) Major contributor . -- I always seem to wind up in charge of fund-raising ... bruce I can not imagine why . selina tax year 's almost over , you know . I hope we can count on you usual generous donation . < i> ( indicate provost and tiptree ) < / i> someone 's get to set a example for that two tightwad . bruce they be proccupy . this string of murder -- selina I ask they if they would consider include we in they will . < i> ( chuckle to herself ) < / i> they do not seem a bit amused ... angle on VICKI - that moment she 's make small talk with a bunch of stuffed shirt and they overdress wive . she glance across the room at the statue of bastet , see selina drape all over bruce . a frown cross she face ... angle on bruce and selina - that moment she 's still cling to he arm as they stare up at the statue . selina -- and this be my good friend bastet , the egyptian cat goddess . bruce I think we have already meet . -- this be quite a expedition you have put together . selina I be glad you think so . I have to say , Bruce -- you be not at all what I expect . bruce sorry to disappoint you . selina oh , it 's not that . not at all . it 's just that I would always hear you be ... bruce what ? selina < i> ( coyly ) < / i> oh ... sort of a ... bruce < i> ( smile ; fascinate ) < / i> no. come on . what ? bruce 's state of mount infatuation be abruptly shattered when VICKI sidle up alongside he and -- territorially -- take he other arm . the woman exchange big , toothy , plastic smile ; strand in the middle , bruce realize they be wait for he to introduce they . bruce oh. selina Kyle -- my friend Vicki vale . selina the photographer . I have see you picture in the gazette . VICKI the Globe . selina oh , that 's right . the tabloid one . -- what a original dress ! VICKI , still smile , cock a eyebrow at bruce . he sense trouble come and try to head it off at the pass . bruce selina supervise the reconstruction of the temple . bring it back from Egypt ... stone by stone . VICKI really . she must be awfully tired . < i> ( to selina ) < / i> how would you get to be in charge of a huge project like this ? selina it be easy . I sleep with the pharoah . she laugh at she own joke . VICKI respond with a dry little chuckle of she own . selina give bruce a sharp yank on the sleeve . selina ( cont . ) Excuse we , will not you , sweetheart ? we have some boring museum business to talk about . VICKI fume . bruce shrug apologetically as selina drag he off out of earshot . selina ( cont . ) i. short leash . bruce pull in the claw , okay ? she 's really terrific . selina I be sorry , Bruce . sometimes I get a little ... aggressive , you know ? < i> ( hand he a card ) < / i > look , I need to talk to you . come by sometime . I will give you the private tour . bruce wait . let I explain about Vicki -- selina < i> ( shushing he ) < / i > I understand . anyone who 's that protective must have a pretty good reason for it . she shoot he one last smile -- sly , conspiratorial , unmistakably juicy . then she 's off in pursuit of another major funder . bruce be thoughtfully turn the card over in he hand when VICKI rejoin he . VICKI how 's " business " ? bruce relax , okay ? I like you better . he scan the room , try to find provost and tiptree . no luck . VICKI if you be look for you fellow millionaire , they leave some time back . CUT to : int . rooftop - night the roof of the gotham Globe . a starling circle overhead for a moment -- then dive down a expose ventilation shaft . int . gotham globe - that moment two armed bodyguard be stand watch outside a office . brass letter on the door read " J. harrison provost , publisher . " int . provost' office - that moment provost , agitate , work late . he speak , < i>sotto voce < / i> , into the phone : provost do not worry about that . I have have the office sweep for bug . no one 's listen ... int . tiptree' library - that moment - night tiptree in he panele study at home . there 's a open bottle on the table and he 's be hit the sauce -- hard . his voice quaver : tiptree it 's just so -- unfair . I mean ... it be over a century ago . it 's not like we be responsible . < i> ( hollow - eye ) < / i> how could he know ? how could batman know about the raven Society ?? int . office - on provost - that moment provost who know and who care . the point be , it 's happen ... he hear a chirp and look up . it seem to be come from a HEATING vent on the wall . but then it stop , so he resume he conversation -- provost ( cont . ) I be clear out of the country , and I be take the raven with I . I suggest you do the same . int . HEATING vent - that moment in the metal shaft on the other side of the grate be a tiny bird -- the same one we see fly down the air shaft . now that we have get a close - up view , we can see the thin battery pack wire to its underbelly ... and the miniature microphone tape to its leg . provost ( o.s. ) I will tell you how to reach I . and do not repeat this to anyone . CUT to : int . penguin be lair - day the penguin stand over he indoor penguin pool . he 's wear rubber glove , feed live fish from a ice chest to he arctic bird . the vent in the window be open , and the climate in the room be downright icy as selina 's wrap in fur , stroking she pet cat : selina he 's just another rich idiot . < i> ( chuckle to herself ) < / i > the odd thing be , he do not seem a bit concerned . penguin then he be a idiot . selina he life in some big sprawling manor . I will have to get inside , scope it out ... see where he 's get the raven stashed . penguin how do you plan to do that ? selina how do you think ! a feline smile from selina . the penguin chuckle to himself , lob a fish out over the pool . a swoop gull snatch it out of the air before it hit the water . frick arrive in the doorway . frick it 's Mr. provost , sir . he 's plan to embark on a unschedule Christmas vacation . penguin good ! that should save we a trip to the bank . CUT to : int . fluegelheim - back room - day a huge open room cluttere with all kind of junk : archaeologist 's tool , restoration equipment , etc. , plus a healthy assortment of curio and oddity from all over . this be selina 's private domain . camera track past a glass case full of ugly , withere , turdlike specimen ... bruce what have we get here ? selina mummify cat . bastet 's sacred animal . they be bury by the thousand at bubastis . -- oh , careful ! bruce freeze with he hand poise over a set of four earthen jar . each have a lid carve in the shape of a head : ape , jackal , man , falcon . selina ( cont . ) canopic jar . in the process of mummification , the internal organ be bury separately . < i> ( point to each jar in turn ) < / i> lung -- stomach -- liver -- intestine -- bruce withdraw he hand with a bemuse shudder . bruce you be in a gruesome line of work . selina keeps I interested . and that 's not easy to do ... bruce 's attention turn to a crumble statuette of a odd beast : a winged lion with the head of a falcon . bruce this one I know . it 's a gryphon , right ? selina very good . a mythical demon , half - bird , half -lion ... sweeping down from the sky to deliver retribution and justice . bruce nod . he can dig it . he regards the gryphon for a long moment and chuckle . bruce poor guy . bird and cat -- you would not think the two halve would cooperate . selina only under certain circumstance . < i> ( beat ) < / i > I be really glad you come , Bruce . I be afraid I would give you the wrong impression . or maybe it be the right impression . bruce what be it you want to talk to I about ? selina you collection . I would love to see it . I mean , everyone say you have get a fabulous -- she break off in midstream and chuckle to herself . she toy demurely with she equipment . she look up at bruce and switch tactic -- go for the direct approach . bruce brace himself ... selina ( cont . ) mainly I just want a excuse to see you again . do she know you be here -- Vicki ? bruce < i> ( shrugging ) < / i> no. selina it must be strange . have all that power , and money -- never really know if that 's what people be attract to . bruce what be you attract to ? selina I think you be a little bit nut . < i> ( beat ) < / i > I think you be a little -- bored with you life . have everything you want . no variety , no ... danger . and every once in a while you need to take a risk . shake it all up . bruce how ? selina maybe by ... come here today . she lean back against a crate , moisten she lip . she 's let he have it with both barrel . selina ( cont . ) that 's one thing I can give you , Bruce -- danger -- a little something you can not get at home . bruce hesitates -- but the lure be irresistible . he move forward slowly ; selina 's eye close ; they lip draw slowly closer ... ... and he sneeze in her face . she back off in shock as he cover he face . his eye be water and he 's wheeze . she rush over -- selina be you okay ? bruce be there a cat in here ? right on cue , selina 's black cat hecate let out a loud meow -- and stretch against bruce 's pants leg . he brushes the animal aside and it leap into selina 's arm . bruce sniffles uncontrollably . bruce ( cont . ) get it away ! she drop the cat , which scamper off . bruce rub he eye . selina poor thing . you be allergic ! bruce yeah , cat ... ever since I be a kid ... < i> ( snort and weep ) < / i> look , I would better get some fresh air . maybe another time , okay ... he head for the door before selina can stop he . he 's go , but she know she 's leave a dent in he armor . she smile in bemusement as hecate jump into she arm and purr . ext . fluegelheim - a moment later - day bruce stumble out the museum feel mildly discombobulate . he march down the front step past a newsstand -- where he stop to buy a copy of the afternoon globe . he open it to the personal ads and find what he 's be wait for : tall , dark , and handsome -- Christmas be come . why do not we trim the tree together ? this puzzle he for a moment -- until he look up the street . in the distance , at the very center of gotham Square , workmen be string light around a enormous christmas tree , almost fifty foot tall . the lighting ceremony be a annual event in gotham . bruce smile slightly , tuck the paper under one arm and walk to he car . dissolve to : ext . gotham square - night snow fall on a huge crowd gather around the big tree . the tree will not be light for another twenty minute or so , and so the onlooker be sing christmas carol from print lyric sheet . a band be play on a makeshift orchestra platform erect in front of the tree , lead the crowd in a spirite rendition of " God Rest ye merry , gentlemen . " the Square be rock with good will toward man . when they get to the part about save we all from Satan 's power -- ext . rooftop overlooking square - that moment - night -- the camera tilt upward to batman , watch the action from he usual gargoyle 's perch . he 's scan the street and the rooftop , wait tor the catwoman to make she move -- whatever it be . he glance at the building directly across the square from he . on the roof be a neon sign read gotham City Globe in ornate old - English letter -- and above that , a rotating metal sculpture of the world turn . his eye rove downward along the facade of the building ... ext . gotham globe - that moment at street level , a armore car have pull up in front of the Globe office . three security guard with rifle climb out of the armore car , follow by a FOURTH -- who have a oblong BOX handcuff to he wrist . of course , we can not see what 's inside , but to that of we in the know the box look just about the right size for a raven statuette . the guard scan the street and enter the building without incident . as they do , a newspaper delivery van cross the frame ; mount on its side be a advertising placard which read : batman : hero or menace ? read all about it in the gotham globe ! ext . rooftop - on batman he watch with some curiosity . a armored car : be this some part of the catwoman 's scheme ? but no ... the guard be safely inside the building , and the car be leave . he settles back to wait . int . newspaper delivery van - that moment the innocuous-looking van round the corner of the Globe building . frick be at the wheel , frack be riding shotgun , and the penguin be between they , peer out eagerly through the windshield . they turn into the Globe 's basement garage -- where dozen of similar van be park at the loading bay . just part of the fleet ... int . provost' office - a moment later the quartet of security guard arrive at provost 's office . the publisher have already pack he suitcase for a speedy getaway . the lead guard -- the one cuffed to the raven BOX -- set he precious cargo on a desk and stand discreetly at arm 's length while provost unlock it and check its content . satisfied , he slam it shut . he reach into he top drawer for a envelope , which he hand to he personal secretary . provost open this in a hour . phone my wife and tell she where to meet I . < i> ( to the guard ; edgily ) < / i > no trouble on the way , I take it ? lead guard no sir , Mr. provost . we come straight from the bank vault . guard ii ' copter should be just touch down . we will have you safely out of here in no time . ext . rooftop - on batman " here come Santa Claus " echoe up from the street . batman watch as a copter descend toward the helipad on the roof of the Globe ... int . corridor outside office - a moment later provost and the lead guard with the raven box be at a elevator bank . the other guard head for a stairwell . guard ii we will check the stair . see you on the roof . the lead guard start to press the up button , but provost pull a key from he pocket instead : provost no -- my private elevator . it 's safer . int . elevator shaft - that moment shoot down on the car as it rise . the shaft above it be fill with bird -- starling , crow , pigeon and the like , swoop and glide among the gear and cable ... ext . roof of globe build - that moment in bg , the helicopter on its pad , idling noisily , the rotor still spin . in fg , the small dormer - like structure that house the stairway . the metal access door open , and the first of the guard step warily out , rifle at the ready . he smile back at he pal . guard no way . they do not pay we enough to tangle with batm -- a black - glove , chrome - taloned hand snake around the edge of the dormer and rake across he throat ... int . elevator car - that moment sweat bead up on provost 's lip as the guard hit the up button and the car begin to rise . suddenly , the light go out . the car stop with a lurch . provost what be it ?? what 's happen ?? suddenly , there in the darkness , they hear a series of loud popping sound ... which could be gunfire ... ext . gotham square - that moment - on crowd sing " here come Santa Claus " at the top of they lung . happy face beam . no one hear anything unusual over the music ... ext . rooftop - across STREET - on batman batman strain to listen . we get another faint series of pop -- barely audible over the caroling from below , and the loud putt - putt - putt of the helicopter blade . he can not really be sure he 's hear anything at all . he scan the roof of the Globe building , but he can not see what 's happen beyond the big steel globe sculpture and the neon sign ... ext . globe build - rooftop - that moment the catwoman let fly with another burst of automatic fire from the dead guard 's rifle . the helicopter be still idling , but no one 's leave to fly it -- the rooftop be litter with stiff ... int . elevator car - that moment pitch black . pre-verbal groans and murmurings of fear issue from the darkness . a eerie red light kick on -- the emergency generator -- and we see provost back up in a corner of the car , twitching and jump like a craze spastic . the guard , in a futile effort to placate he , point up at the light : guard there . Mr. provost . see ? the generator 's kick in . it 's just a electrical problem . provost be only marginally consol . they hear a strange twittering noise in the shaft above they ... provost start babbling again . the guard slap he across the face . but the twittering have he a bit concerned as well . he stare up at the ceiling of the car as he punch button on the panel ; with another lurch , the car begin to move . guard there . see ? it 's move . we be fine . provost it 's go down . we be go down !!! int . elevator shaft - that moment the bird in the shaft have all roosted on the top of the car . they be patiently riding it down as it descend ... int . elevator car - that moment the car stop again . provost be totally lose it . the exasperate guard grab he and shake he . guard okay , Mr. provost -- I be gonna have a look through the trap door . but I need you to help I . okay ? you have to help . provost nod and try to get a grip on himself . the guard look up at the trap door in the ceiling of the car . he can not reach it ... he uncuff the BOX contain provost' raven from he wrist -- and stand on it . still short . unholster he gun and use it as a prod , he can almost reach the trap door . he jump up and , poke with the gun , manage to dislodge the panel slightly . more twittering . provost and the guard look up through the tiny crack in the ceiling and see nothing but darkness . guard probably just some bird that 's get in the shaft . now calm down . you will have to give I a boost . the guard climb back atop the raven box . provost give he a boost and he manage to catch hold of the lip of the trap door . guard ( cont . ) okay , help I out ... steady ... provost wrap both arm around the guard 's wriggle legs and try to hoist he upward . int . shaft - on roof of car - that moment from a vantage level with the roof of the car , we see the guard finger , cling to the lip of the trap door . now he head rise into view , push the panel aside as he pull himself upward . he peer around . his brow wrinkle as he see a bizarre sight -- passel of squawking bird , walk back and forth in front of he , strutting and preening mere inch from he face ... int . elevator car - that moment the bottom half of the guard dangle from the ceiling . provost still have he arm wrap around the guard 's knee . all at once , the guard begin to scream -- he body jerk and he leg kick wildly . still provost struggle to hang on -- even as blood spatter across the top of he bald dome ... finally , the guard 's violent spasm be too much . provost trip over the raven box , stumble backward and land on he ass in a corner of the car . the guard tumble in a heap to the elevator floor , he face pecked and clawe beyond recognition , he eye go altogether . provost let out a series of shriek . he peer at the open trap door , see the bird stare curiously down at he , and shriek again . the emergency telephone ring . he stare at it . it ring again . shield he eye and screwing up he courage , provost crawl across the floor and reach for the receiver . penguin ( v.o. ; filter ) sixteenth floor . linen , houseware , lady ' lingerie ! provost w- who be this ?? int . globe - basement loading BAY - that moment newspaper delivery van be park in neat row -- all driverless . frick be sit with a boxful of electrical equipment next to a bank of elevator ; all the car have be locked OPEN here in the basement , except for one -- provost 's private elevator , the door to which be still close . the penguin stand beside it , speak into a red phone . penguin Mr. provost ? if you want to get out of that car alive , I suggest you follow my instruction to the letter . as he talk , we see various newspaper employees sprawle on the concrete nearby , dead . a corrugate metal door have be lower over the loading BAY , separate the newspaper production staff from the van pool . they be trap on the other side . banging away loudly on the door ... penguin ( cont . ) shut up in there . < i> ( calmly ; into phone ) < / i > you should see a cord hang just behind you . int . elevator car - that moment provost look over he shoulder and see the aforementioned cord descend through the trap door . provost yes -- yes , I see it -- penguin ( v.o ; filter ) tie the cord to the handle of you box . provost let the phone drop . he grit he tooth , but hasten to obey . as he 's knotting the cord around the handle of the box , a dinky bird flutter down through the trap and send he into a panic . practically weep , he reach for the phone . penguin ( v.o. ; filter ) when you be do , I want you to give two sharp yank on the cord . cower in terror , provost reach for the cord and yank it twice . provost who be you ?? why be you do this ?? int . loading BAY - on penguin behind he , frick and frack be pull on red beret and batman sweatshirt -- order of the bat gear . frick climb into a newspaper delivery van and start the engine . penguin well , Mr. provost , I guess you could call I a irate reader . and to be perfectly frank -- I be do this because I hate garfield . chuckle , the penguin hold a sonic device up to the mouthpiece of the phone . int . elevator car - that moment a shrill whine emanate from the receiver . all at once , the elevator car be full of bird -- squawk wildly , fling themselves against the wall , go insane in the tiny confine space . provost be scream like a madman . the bird be in he hair , he face -- everywhere . he fight he way over to the panel and begin punch button in a frenzy ... all at once the car plunge downward . it 's as if the floor have drop away beneath provost 's foot -- he 's in free -fall . int . loading BAY - on penguin penguin go down ! he hang up the phone and step a discreet distance back from the elevator door . int . elevator shaft - that moment the raven BOX dangle from its cord in fg as the car rocket uncontrollably downward . a steady stream to bird be make a quick exit from the trap door in the roof ... int . top -floor landing - that moment the catwoman 's on a landing near the stairwell , just below the dormer that lead to the roof . she pries open a pair of elevator door ... ... and a flock of bird pour out of the empty shaft , make for the open access door a half - story above . she reach inside , find the cord attach to the raven BOX , and reel it in . she rip off the lock and open the box for a quick look at she trophy . it 's there , all right -- another raven just like the first two . a awful crash , from twenty - five storey down , rattle the shaft ... she make a disgust face , grab the raven , and bolt for the roof . ext . rooftop across STREET - on batman he watch in puzzlement as a vast flock of bird take flight from the Globe roof across the square . something weird be definitely go on . he 's about to abandon he post -- -- but down below , the caroler have stop caroling . the big tree 's about to be light , and they be count off the second : crowd ten! nine !... ext . gotham square - corner newstand a ramshackle kiosk at street level . the news vendor have step out onto the sidewalk to watch the tree festivity . a globe delivery van , its side bear the " batman -- hero or menace ? " advertisement , cruise past and dump a bundle of papers on the curb . ext . gotham square - on crowd at tree excitement be build as the second tick off : crowd ... Three ! two ! one ! the christmas light come on , and the crowd break into cheer . the orchestra strike up a sprightly version of " jingle bell . " ext . gotham square - on newstand the news vendor be applaud and sing along like everyone else when a second newspaper van rumble past ... news vendor hey ! no ! I aleady get a -- he spot two masked men in the doorway of the van -- wear red beret and bat -shirt . they shove a body out the door -- the mutilate corpse of harrison provost land on the sidewalk with a thud -- right beside a bundle of newspaper which read " batman murder spree baffle police . " ext . gotham square - on van - moving the news vendor chase after the van , but it 's already round a corner and be cruise along the periphery of gotham Square . the crowd be still sing merrily , unaware of its presence -- -- until the back door fly open -- and a swarm of rabid , chitter bat screech out into the midst of the crowd !! ext . gotham square - on crowd at tree the caroler break into Mass hysteria as hideous bat swoop down from above , clawing at they head and shoulder . orchestra member drop they instrument and stagger off the band platform , fall into the branch of the giant Christmas tree . ext . gotham square - on sidewalk christmas shopper be teeming in and out of nearby store . they drop they shopping bag and race about in utter chaos as the bat attack . women scream . child scream . men scream too . a man stagger backward through a glass storefront and land on he butt in a window display -- a big mechanical santa claus on he North - pole throne , chuckle merrily in a prerecord voice : " ho ho ho . " the man struggle wildly as the bat converge on he . int . department store - that moment horrified shopper scatter through the aisle as the bat pour in through the break window . women line up for a free makeover squeal in panic as bat arrive to rearrange they hairdos . ext . rooftop - on batman he stare down stunne at the pandemonium raging below . he glance across the street ... and see the tiny silhouette of a woman stand atop the cast - iron globe sculpture , laughing at the chaos , taunting he . ext . street - overhead angle - that moment a few block away from gotham Square . siren howl . there 's a steady stream of cop car speed toward the site of the disturbance . one vehicle be move in the opposite direction , against traffic -- a newspaper delivery van . ext . globe build - rooftop - a moment later batman touch down on the roof and stare in horror at the corpse strewn across the helipad . a die guard raise a shaky hand ... batman crouch beside he . a gurgle come up from he throat and a bubble of blood swell on he lip . all at once he hear a woman' voice from the shadow of the globe sculpture ... catwoman ( o.s. ) some people just can not take discipline . < i> ( beat ) < / i > go ahead . finish them off ... his head jerk up . he can not see anything . a sudden whooshing noise , and now the voice be come from the other side of the roof . catwoman ( o.s. ) you might as well . you be go to get blame for it anyway . he stand . he get a quick glimpse of a feline shadow spring past a skylight ; she 's jump all around the roof , cling to expose pipe and fixture . he reach for a batara . catwoman ( o.s. ) oh , come on , angel . you know you want to . < i> ( purring loudly ) < / i> besides -- I want to see how you do it ! batman who be you ? he 's barely get it out when she slam into he from behind , foot first , knock he to the rooftop . he try to get up , but she come at he with a couple of cartwheeling kick , knock he back into a cornice . he duck right just as a sharp spike heel strike the expose brick a mere three inch from he throat . he catch she leg , upend she -- but she somersault away and land on she foot . cat always do ... catwoman my , be not we frisky tonight . he fling the batarang . it clang into the big neon sign as she spring up into the darkness , out of reach . glass tubing shatter and SPARKS fly as she call down from the shadow -- catwoman I should tell you -- I have get nine life to play with -- and you have only get one ... he turn -- she drop directly onto he -- and lock in a death grip , they stagger backward across the roof , directly toward the helicopter . the huge rotor blade be still turn ... batman duck instinctively and the catwoman break free -- falling backward onto the roof . it 's a strategic move : when he rush at she , she brace herself against the ground and kick upward with startling force . this time the spike heel connect -- lifting batman off he foot , knocking he backward into the tail of the helicopter . he slump there , stunne -- and before he know it , she 's on he . she grab he throat with one hand and clamp the other around he crotch . he try to break she grip , but she 's just as strong as he be . and she 's lifting he -- force he upward , toward the rear stabilizing rotor on the tail of the helicopter ! the rear rotor blade whine like a buzzsaw as he head rise perilously closer . at the last possible instant , he grab a handful of she hair -- yank it as hard as he can -- with a yowl , she release he . they tumble to the roof and she dive atop he . her talon click into place -- he see they poise directly above he eye -- -- but manage to slam a elbow under she chin before she can strike . now they be disentangled ; they get up groggily and circle each other ... someone be banging on the metal door that lead up to the roof , try to break it down . batman turn for a instant -- a sudden crack -- -- and he find himself all wrap up in the catwoman 's cat - o'-nine-tails ... which be also outfit with a taser . she send a paralyzing electric charge through he body and he collapse to the roof in a jittering heap . the banging on the door be louder ... catwoman do I tell you I invite company ? -- keep them busy , angel , I have gotta scat . she kneel down and plant a big wet kiss on he twitching face . then she scurries to the edge of the roof , disappearing -- -- just as the door give way -- and a armed swat team come crash out onto the roof ! just come around , batman try to roll out of sight -- but the cop be swarm the place . they spot the body on the tar and gravel , see batman scuttling for cover , and draw the obvious conclusion . pull gun , they OPEN FIRE . bullet ricochet off the big metal globe . batman , as be customary in this situation , shoot a grappling hook at the roof of the next building over -- which be a couple of storey taller than the Globe -- and reel himself upward along the side wall . the swat cop score a couple of dead hit which set he swinging like a pendulum , but he body armor hold and he cling to the line long enough to reach the roof . CUT to : int . newspaper van - moving - that moment - night frlck and frack , still in they order -of - the - bat garb , be in the front seat ; the penguin be lean out the side door . someone 's obviously tip the cop about the source of all the ruckus -- -- because a pair of police car be on they tail and gain fast . still hang in the doorway , the penguin raise he umbrella , peer down its length like a rifle sight , and pull a trigger . angle on squad car - moving - that moment a sonic dart -- one of the penguin' bird magnet -- lodge itself in the grille of the foremost police car . int . squad car - moving - that moment the cop in the car react in astonishment as pigeon begin hurling themselves at the windshield . a dozen kamikaze bird bounce off in rapid succession . crack begin to spread across the glass . the cop can not see where they be drive . the car swerve wildly . and still the pigeon keep coming -- covering the windshield -- totally obscuring the street from view ... ext . street - on squad car - that moment the first car , completely cover with bird , smack into a lamppost and skid . the second car crash into it . and the pigeon continue to pour down from the heaven , swarming onto the immobilize squad car . int . newspaper van - moving - that moment the penguin grin with delight as the van speed off unmolested . penguin look at that , boy -- they do flock together !! CUT to : ext . gotham square - that moment - night ambulance be pour into the square as the bat attack continue . cop be fire they gun blindly into the sky as they try to evacuate the citizenry . paramedics drop the stretcher they be carry when bat swoop down at they head ... ext . rooftop - night batman be still pursue the catwoman , who 's perch one roof over , in a squat , wiggling a finger for he to follow . the roof be icy and treacherous , but he match she step for step , leap for leap , as she vault from one building to the next , lead he on . finally she reach the edge of a building on the corner of the block ; there 's no place to go but down . she squat on the ledge and smile , beckone to he -- catwoman ooh . where have you be all my life ? he edge closer . suddenly , she do a backflip -- directly off the edge of the roof . batman hear glass shatter . he hesitates a second -- move closer to the edge of the roof -- peer over the icy cornice . batman be Pov - that moment stare down , he see a narrow ledge run around the facade of the building some ten or twelve foot below . the window of a corner apartment have be smashed ; the curtain be flap in the chill wind . ext . roof - on batman - a moment later - night she 's obviously make she getaway through the apartment . batman climb up on the slippery cornice and prepare to drop to the ledge below -- cautiously , because it 's a long way down . a sudden crack -- the catwoman have not enter the apartment . instead , she 's follow the ledge around the corner of the building , silently double back onto the roof behind batman . he turn just as she whip wrap itself around he leave leg . she give it a sharp tug -- he foot skid on the ice -- and he topples over the edge of the roof . ext . facade of build - on batman he plunge downward for the briefest of second -- then jerk up short , slamming into the wall of the build . the whip have coiled itself around he leg , and for now it 's hold tight . he 's dangle upside down , bat -like ; he bounce away from the wall ; he spin in midair as one loop of the whip unravel , drop he another foot or so . he manage to brace he leave foot against the wall . it 's a massive strain , but he 's momentarily safe if he can keep from move . the alternative be a twelve-story drop , straight down to the pavement ... ext . roof - on catwoman - that moment she 's wrap the handle - end of the whip around a expose pipe on the roof , anchore batman in place . with a cheshire - cat grin , she remove the raven from she knapsack and hold it on the edge of the cornice . ext . facade - that moment batman hang immobile . craning he neck , he can just see the raven statuette on the ledge above he -- bounce slightly , and apparently talk to he ... catwoman ( o.s. ) nevermore . nevermore ! now the catwoman appear beside it -- elbow on the cornice , chin propped up on she fold hand , like a chatty girl at a fern bar . catwoman cute , huh ! I think it will look nice over the fireplace . maybe you can drop by and see it sometime . < i> ( demurely ) < / i > I hope you will not think I be too ... aggressive or anything , but I find you very attractive . she toy aimlessly with the whipcord , bat at it like a cat with a piece of yarn . batman grimace . she speak in a low , soothing , seductive tone -- almost a purr . behind the bondage mask she bat she eyelash . catwoman ( cont . ) it 's just so hard to meet interesting man this day . do not you think so ? < i> ( sighing ) < / i > I have trouble with relationship . Men find I intimidating ... kind of predatory , you know ? really I be not . really I be just playful ... batman huff and puff , try to bend at the waist so he can grab hold of the whip . she frown and yank on it . his foot fly free of the wall , and another loop of the whip uncoil before he can stabilize himself . catwoman ( cont . ) do not laugh ! I be try to open up to you ! angrily , she hold a steel claw to the whip -- ready to cut he loose . angle on batman he 's palm the grappling - hook launcher from he belt . holding it close to he body , out of view , he work it around into fire position . he will shoot it right through she if he have to ... catwoman ( cont . ) I always seem to fall for the wrong guy . you know ... most man be rat . angle on catwoman she withdraw she hand from the whip , revert to she philosphical mode . catwoman mice , really . it 's disgusting -- they beg you to walk all over they and then they whine when you do it . once you have have you fun there 's not much you can do but kill they . < i> ( beat ) < / i > but you seem different . I mean , you obviously understand about dress up ... that save a lot of explain . I think people should indulge they fantasy , do not you ? batman be sweat profusely . he can not hold he position much longer . and the catwoman be drag this insane flirtation out endlessly ... catwoman so I think I will let you live . cute boy like you be hard to find ... < i> ( stand up ) < / i> ' bye , angel . I will be think about you . and just like that , she vanish -- move silently off with she raven , leave batman to dangle . he hang there a moment , try to twist himself around without move he foot . he brace one hand against the wall ; with the other , he lift he grapple gun and fire . the hook snag somewhere on the roof . batman yank the line taut and be laboriously try to pull himself erect when -- -- the catwoman reappear over the edge of the cornice ! catwoman gee ... I be so fickle . a quick swipe of she steel talon , and the whipcord be neatly severe . batman' foot slip out from under he -- but he 's still get hold of the grappling gun . he drop eight or ten foot ... ext . roof - on catwoman watch with amusement as batman 's weight cause the hook to dislodge . it skitter across the gravel surface of the roof and catch , at the last instant , on the edge of the cornice -- -- which promptly crumble and give way . fascinate , the catwoman lean over the edge of the roof and peer down ... angle on batman - as he fall he flail wildly , tangle in he cape , as the ground rush up toward he . he get a last-ditch inspiration -- find the gas cylinder on he belt and hit the switch . the rod in he cape begin to inflate ... six storey up , he batwing spring erect , slow he plunge . five storey up , a updraft hit he and he suddenly invert . four storey up , he rights himself . Three storey up , he go into a downward spiral , out of control , glide in great wide arc over the street ... ... and a moment later there be no storey leave . with a ugly crunch , he smack into the slush - cover pavement and bounce . face down , he skid some twenty foot to a halt -- right in the middle of a busy intersection . ext . intersection - that moment - night a delivery truck hit the brake and screech to a stop , two foot away from batman' head . he do not move . pedestrian be already gawk and point as the driver climb out and peer down at the inert cape figure lie face - down in the street : driver what the hell be this ? car be back up , due to the panic in gotham Square a few block over . horn be honk . a traffic cop march over -- traffic cop awright , what 's the problem here ? < i> ( spot batman ) < / i> Jesus . he try to clear the crowd away . a full - fledge gridlock be form around the prostrate batman . the cop blow he whistle , try to maintain order as two unifonned patrolmen rush up to join he . they manage to roll the unconscious batman over on he back . the assemble cop stare down at the mask , the scuff body armor . still waxy , they finger the gun in they holster ... patrolman good god. cowan -- get to the car -- radio the commissioner !! by now there must be two hundred people in the intersection , all surging forward to get a look . more cop be arrive to beat they back . traffic cop be he dead ? what do we do ? patrolman the mask . get the mask off . they hunker down over batman . one of they tug at he mask -- but the helmet - like cowl do not want to give way . he feel around -- traffic cop some kinda seam here on the neck ... the patrolman nod okay , and the cop tug at a velcro-like fasten under batman 's chin . the instant it come open -- -- a burst of fine GREEN mist spew forth from conceal jets in the gold - and - black bat - emblem , and the cop reel backward , shriek , gasp for breath and clew at they eye . booby-trap -- they have just be mace . one of the onlooking cop step back in horror and confusion . on impulse , he draw he gun and fire twice at batman . the body jerk and the bullet ricochet off -- traffic cop don't shoot , you idiot . the crowd -- before he can finish , a black boot kick the gun out of the onlooking cop 's hand . batman be back among the live . siren blare as he spin and roll into a crouch -- lash out with elbow and knee -- drive the cop back -- fuck the crowd . two more cop pull they gun and open fire in absolute panic . batman slam backward into the delivery truck and crumple to the ground . as he fall , he grab a couple of smoke capsule from he belt and fling they to the pavement . second later , a thick cloud of black smoke be spread through the intersection . batman emerge into the midst of the crowd -- weaving in and out among the stall vehicle -- ext . intersection - another angle - night a mounted cop ride up to the outer fringe of the traffic jam , draw by all the confusion . he rear the horse back , turn it in a circle ; blow he pierce whistle as he try to reroute the income car ... suddenly a wire wrap itself around he chest and arm . he look down . he see a batarang in the instant before a sudden jerk pull he cleanly off he mount . batman climb up on the hood of the nearest car -- vault over to the next -- and the next -- then hop into the saddle of the mounted cop 's wait horse . he dig in he heel , maneuver through traffic ... ext . police car - a moment later - night lo. eddie bullock and another plainclothesman be a few block off try to get through the jam . they siren be on , but the car block they path have no room to pull over . bullock grab the radio mike : bullock Hell of a mess up here , commissioner . we will have to go in on foot ... as they wait for a response , they see a horse charge past in the opposite direction . on the back of the horse ... be batman . gaping , bullock nudge he partner -- who throw the car immediately into reverse . as they watch , batman kick the horse 's flank and turn right -- toward gotham Park . int . gotham park - a moment later - night two red beret , member of the order of the bat , be on night patrol , strolling down a rambling path near the entrance to the park . red beret I this be wack , man . nothing ever happen around here anymore . the other red beret let out a whoop of fear and yank he partner out of the way . they tumble into a snowdrift as batman' horse vault over the stone wall of the park and gallop past , nearly trample they in the process . by now , squad car be roaring into the park ... int . park - another section - a moment later siren blare and red light flash in the distance as the cop car spread out along the wind road that run through the park . batman rein the horse in suddenly as a black - and - white whip past on a access road just ahead of he , no more than twenty yard away . he turn the horse in a circle . more red light appear in the distance ; another contingent of squad car have just enter from the opposite side of the park . it 's go to be tough get out of here ... then : he eye fall on the statue of he great - grandfather , general wayne -- two wayn on horseback , not twenty foot apart . he think back to he earlier conversation with VICKI and get a inspiration . he ride past General Wayne to the stone bridge which span the little freeze creek . there he find the drainage tunnel VICKI describe , obscure by the wire - mesh grate . this must be where the boy vigilante hole up ... he dismount , tie he cape to the pommel of the horse 's saddle and send it off with a slap . he pries the grate loose and crawl inside . int . drainage tunnel - that moment a dank , but cozy , hideout ; warm steam hiss from a grate in the floor . rumbling sound fill the little chamber as a subway train pass directly underneath . a little farther back there 's a access shaft , with a Jacob 's ladder , lead to the train track below . poke around , he find a couple of cardboard box -- the boy vigilante 's stash . the first contain tin of food , plus various odd and end . the second 's more in line with what he need -- it 's full of old clothing . a train rumble past underneath . bruce remove he cowl and set about put together a civilian disguise that will get he out of the park . a wool hat and a long , moth - eat topcoat : perfect . as he 's pull they out of the box , he spy something extremely odd -- it 's a costume -- a spangle red- and - green gymnast outfit with a little yellow cape -- neatly fold and in pristine condition . he remove it carefully from the box and hold it up in front of he . stitched on the vest be a single initial , " R , " in a black circle . he stare at the whole mystify ensemble in complete befuddlement ... the roar of the train subside , and he hear a scuffling noise . someone 's in the tunnel with he . he lower the costume abruptly -- -- revealing dick , the boy vigilante , who 's crouch in front of he not three foot away . the kid 's just crawle up through the access shaft , and he 's not at all happy to see a intruder mess with he stuff : dick it 's mine ! he lunge furiously at bruce . the two of they tumble back into the grate at the tunnel entrance , knocking it loose -- ext . park - mouth of tunnel - that moment - night a police car streak past on the bridge overhead mere second before bruce and dick roll out into the snow , still grapple . bruce fling the kid into the bridge abutment . dick land hard ; when he look up , he eye widen , and a weird crooked smile come to he face ... out here in the moonlight he can see he opponent . the body armor -- the gold - and -black emblem on the breastplate -- and above it all , the face of bruce wayne , expose to view ... as a siren howl nearby , bruce flatten himself against the bridge . like it or not , he fate rest entirely in a strange little boy 's hand . the kid size up the situation immediately . he nod he head up and down . then he take off he own ratty coat and throw it to bruce . bruce be in no position to look a gift horse in the mouth . he pull on the coat , give dick a nod of acknowledgement , and start to move off . dick no . wait ! bruce turn , uncertainly . dick throw he he woolen ski cap . the kid giggle -- oddly , uncontrollably . then he sprint off into the wood , dance , leaping . as he disappear from view , he let out a shrill , pierce , almost feral shriek -- -- which be obviously intend to divert the cop . bruce make haste in the opposite direction . ext . park - another section - a moment later bruce's horse gallop through the tree , the black bat-cape still attach to its saddle and billowing behind it . int . squad car - moving - that moment - night two cop scan the park . the cape horse charge past in front of they and be momentarily silhouett in the headlight . from a distance , it look like batman be still in the saddle . the cop at the wheel make a sudden turn . a moment later , he slam on the brake . a man have just step out onto the road , directly in the squad car 's path -- a hunch figure in a old coat and woolen ski cap , obviously one of the homeless . a cop lean on the horn and shout out the window : cop Dumb son of a bitch !! the man -- bruce -- step back out of the squad car 's path . the cop take off -- in hot pursuit of a riderless horse . CUT to : int . wayne manor - kitchen - pre-dawn a doctor' bag rest on the kitchen table . alfred , in robe and slipper , rummages inside it and come up with a ace bandage . alfred commissioner Gordon call . he want to install a full contingent of police guard here at the manor -- in round - the-clock shift -- to protect you from batman . bruce be sit erect in a straightback chair . his shirt be open and he 's hold he arm aloft while alfred wrap a full roll of adhesive tape around he batter rib . bruce great . what would you tell he ? alfred I tell he that since you be batman , you would require no protection from batman . bruce make a face : how droll . alfred tear off the tape with a brisk yank -- and bruce let out a involuntary yelp of pain . bruce Jesus , Alfred -- !! alfred in future , sir ... I strongly advise against try to fly off twenty - story building . bruce it 's just a few bruise . alfred one bruise , sir . which cover you entire body . bruce get up -- stiffly -- and button he shirt in gingerly fashion while alfred pack he first - aid gear in the doctor 's bag . bruce I be get too old for this line of work . < i> ( beat ) < / i > cop place I at the scene of the crime -- that weird kid of Vicki 's see my face -- alfred I should not worry overmuch . I doubt the two of you move in the same circle . bruce -- and I get the live shit knock out of I by a woman . alfred Sir -- such outmode sexist attitude be quite unbecome . int . upstair bedroom - day in a lavishly - appoint guest room on gotham 's Upper East side ( or equivalent thereof ) , we find a pair of plainclothes cop settle in for a stakeout : rumple topcoat throw across antique chair , french - fry bag and greasy burger wrapping littering the carpet . high - powered rifle propped against one wall . they peer through venetian blind at a elegant old brownstone across the street ... he Pov - roof of brownstone - that moment a uniformed cop , also carry a walkie-talkie , be keep watch on the roof of the brownstone . he signal " all clear " to he counterpart watch from the house opposite . int . unmarked car - that moment two more plainclothesmen be park at the end of the block , munch on donut and watch the same brownstone . they spot a postman lug he sack up the tree-line street on he way to the brownstone . one of the plainclothesmen pick up he radio mike : plainclothesman mailman 's come . ext . brownstone - a minute later the postman march up the front step of the brownstone , sorting through letter and package . he have not even rung the bell when the door be open by another cop -- who snatch the mail delivery from he hand and slam the door in he face . int . brownstone - that moment more cop , at least half a dozen , be milling about inside -- unshaven , tie loosen , shirtsleeve roll up . they be in for the long haul . the first cop give a handful of letter to a couple of colleague -- then hand over a parcel , wrap in brown paper , to a pair of bomb - disposal expert . they carry it gingerly into the kitchen . into the midst of all this bustling activity stride commissioner gordon : gordon anything suspicious ! in the parlor , where all the shade be draw , two cop be examine each letter in turn , hold they up to a light bulb , creasing they carefully before slitting they open . cop nothing yet . Christmas card and bill . he anxiously watch they progress . a voice call from the kitchen . bomb -disposal expert ( v.o. ) commissioner -- ? int . kitchen - a moment later gordon enter . the bomb-disposal boy have they equipment scattered all over the kitchen table . they have slit the brown - paper wrapping of the package , expose a round decorative tin . bomb -disposal expert it 's a fruitcake . he lift the lid for gordon to have a look . gordon ... have it analyze . int . brownstone - entry hall - that moment a bleary - eye elliott tiptree march down the stair carry a pair of oversize suitcase . his wife and two kide be behind he -- all bundle up , prepare to embark on a extend vacation . policeman Mrs. tiptree ? the car 's here . tiptree , fight back tear , embrace he wife for a long wordless moment . they little girl , age six , tug at mommy 's sleeve . little girl I do not wanna go to grandma 's . I wanna stay here with daddy . mrs . tiptree she 's get a nice tree just like ours , honey . daddy will be up as soon as he can . little girl she 's old . she do not even have cable . little boy what about we present ? he gesture toward the gift pile high around the tree in the parlor . tiptree do not worry . I will bring them up with I . we will open them when I get there . tiptree force a smile for the kid . he clutch he wife 's hand . gordon sorry , folk , but we would better move along . mrs . tiptree kid ? tell you daddy goodbye ... tearful hug all around ; then a cadre of uniformed cop escort mrs . tiptree and the kide to the door . tiptree pull gordon aside . tiptree they will be safe , will not they ? gordon as safe as we can make them . < i> ( beat ; sternly ) < / i > it would help if you could give we some small hint what this be all about . tiptree I tell you . I ... tiptree shrug helplessly and stare at he shoe . gordon be convinced he 's hold something back . gordon you have no idea what be in that box that provost have deliver from the bank . tiptree shake he head wearily . gordon glower as he turn to go . gordon ( cont . ) all right , Mr. tiptree . merry Christmas . gordon exit . tiptree wander listlessly into the live room , pull back the drape , and watch as he wife and kid ride off in a convoy of police car . one of the cop try to pull he away from the window , but he refuse to move ... ...until a phone ring . everyone jump at once . a technician hit a switch on a loudspeaker - and - tape-recorder assembly , then gesture for tiptree to pick up the receiver ... tiptree hello ...? voice on loudspeaker Mr. tiptree ? Andy here . listen -- we have get a chance to grab a good-size block of Atlantic teledyne at twenty - six and a eighth -- the cop heave sigh and turn off they trace equipment . tiptree not today , Andy . let 's talk after New Year 's . tiptree hang up and start to bawl right there in the middle of the room . the cop turn away in sympathetic embarrassment as he go to a corner wet bar and pour himself a good stiff jolt . int . tiptree' bedroom - day wallow in despair , tiptree sit at a antique secretary compose a letter . he take a long pull on a glass of scotch , sign he name , and insert the letter into a envelope . he open the desk drawer -- take a long look at a .38 automatic stashed inside -- then find a stamp and affix it to the envelope . he address it to bruce wayne . a moment later he hear a noise at the window : tink tink tink . he peer through the blind and see a carrier pigeon on the ledge outside -- peck at the glass , ask to come in . he raise the window and the pigeon hop fearlessly inside , onto the sill . the bird , well - train , struggle only slightly as he unty a tiny capsule from its leg and remove a fold note . scrawle across it be a handwritten message : if police see this you family be dead he open the note and begin to read as the pigeon take wing . CUT to : int . bruce's library - day bruce be at he desk examine the morning edition . a banner head - line shriek : batman sought in publisher's murder bat attack panic gotham Square J. Harrison provost , 41 , leave distinguish Legacy he hear a visitor arrive in the entry hall . he get up ... int . entry hall - that moment - day bruce amble out and see selina , who 's just arrive , do she patetent thing on alfred . selina English accent be so stimulate . < i> ( beat ) < / i > you have the most beautiful silver hair ! alfred stammer as she reach up to stroke he hair . he 's about to break into a sweat . he 's eminently relieved when she turn and see -- selina ( cont . ) Bruce ! bruce selina . what be you do here ? alfred affect a look of grandmotherly outrage as selina slink over and take bruce by the arm . she 's on he like a barnacle . selina I want to see you thing , remember ? and I get tired of wait for you to call I back . < i> ( gesture toward alfred ) < / i> he 's adorable . how long have you have he ? int . hallway - a moment later - day bruce lead selina down a hallway to the armory . he glance back over he shoulder and see alfred peer snoopily around the corner . bruce you hear about Harry provost . selina it 's incredibly awful . it get I a little worried . < i> ( sidling up closer ) < / i> I hate to think of something happen to you . bruce same here . selina it 's odd , though . danger , the think of suddenly die -- in a weird way it get you sort of ... arouse . do not you think ? bruce cock a eyebrow at she . everything get she sort of arouse . int . armory - a moment later selina beam at the fantastic collection of armored gear and exotic weapon . she 's like a kid in a toy shop . selina Bruce , this be incredible . < i> ( indicate a suit of armor ) < / i> malaysian -- ? bruce not bad . sarawak warrior caste . selina it 's like -- everything in here be another little piece of you mind . I be right about you . < i> ( turn to face he ) < / i> promise , okay ? promise you will show I every inch of this place . page 87 missing from hard copy int . batcave - fifteen minute later alfred be at a printer , scan page after page of computer printout . he deliver he finding to bruce , who 's seat at a nearby terminal , scan data and tapping away at the keyboard . alfred the police have no file whatsoever on selina Kyle . bruce < i> ( abstractedly ) < / i> London ... Cairo ... Belgium ... alfred what exactly be you -- bruce her credit card record . < i> ( look up ) < / i> every major art theft in the last five year -- she 's be on the scene or close to it . alfred you mean she 's some sort of -- collector ? a...cat burglar , or -- bruce could be . Museum curator , authenticator -- she 's get the perfect cover for it . < i> ( beat ) < / i > what would she want with that stupid raven ? alfred raven , sir ? bruce that 's what the catwoman take from provost . a little raven statuette , about so big ... < i> ( shaking he head ) < / i > but it could not have be that valuable . he continue to scan the screen . alfred be suddenly lose in think . alfred how very odd . < i> ( long pause ) < / i> I be sure it 's nothing , but -- bruce what , Alfred ? alfred you father have a raven , sir . a small statue of the very sort you describe . it use to sit on he desk . this pique bruce 's interest . he swivel around in he chair and stare directly up at alfred . bruce what happen to it ? alfred after you father 's ... demise , Mr. tiptree come to the house and ask if he could have it . as a keepsake . I see no harm ... < i> ( shrugging ) < / i > that be thirty year ago . bruce wait a minute . Mr. tiptree ? alfred George tiptree . you friend Elliott 's father . CUT to : int . tiptree' bedroom - afternoon tiptree have a oversize suitcase open on the bed . it 's empty -- except for the ball - up wad of newspaper which he 's stuff inside it . his head turn suddenly at the sound of the doorbell ... int . upstair hallway - a moment later tiptree emerge from he bedroom and peer over a bannister into the entryway below . stand there be a unexpected visitor -- bruce wayne -- hold he arm aloft while a battery of cop pat he down . bruce what be you look for -- batarang ? tiptree Bruce ! come on up . < i > ( to the cop ) < / i> I want to talk to Mr. Wayne alone . the cop look on suspiciously as bruce ascend the stair . int . tiptree' library - a moment later tiptree let bruce inside and shut the door behind he . bruce hand he a gift BOX . bruce I bring you a Christmas present . sorry about the wrapping -- the police make I open it . tiptree open the box and pull out a diamond - studd tie clasp . he look up at bruce with a odd mixture of bewilderment and gratitude . bruce nod for he to try it on , and he oblige ... tiptree ... I be afraid I do not have anything for you . bruce I think you may have something that belong to my father . tiptree -- you know ? he stare at bruce , astonished . his head sink into he hand . tiptree ( cont . ) it will all be over tomorrow . one way or another , it will all be over . < i> ( look up ; despondent ) < / i > I have decide , Bruce . I be gonna give he the last two raven . he 's already get the other . bruce what be you talk about ? who ? tiptree batman . I do not know how he find out , but -- tiptree reach for the bottle on he desk to pour himself a drink , but bruce angrily knock the glass out of he hand . bruce it 's time you tell I what 's go on here . tiptree do not you ever wonder where it come from , Bruce ? all the privilege , all the power ... all the money ? < i> ( beat ) < / i > the raven be a... a kind of map , Bruce . the key to a incredibly vast fortune . bruce whose fortune ? tiptree gotham City 's . flashback - processed footage ( mos ) the cobblestone street of 19th - century gotham . a massive explosion blow open one wall of a municipal building , and total chaos erupt : fire start , bystander scream , police rush to the scene ... tiptree in 1880 the gotham City treasury be loot . it be a fantastic operation -- perfect military precision . the robber make off with milllon in gold and silver bullion ... a horse -drawn cart weight down with gold brick careen around a corner . atop it be two man in mask , fire a gatling gun into the crowd . police and onlooker tumble to the pavement , shot dead , as another cart emerge from the wreckage of the treasury and take off in the opposite direction . flashback - processed footage ( mos ) CITY official in a boardroom trading papers back and forth , argue furiously with five calm , distinguished - look gent -- one of whom be the bushy - bearded Civil War hero gen . oliver wayne . tiptree ( v.o. ) the city be go under . bankrupt ... until five rich man step in to bail it out . in exchange they take the land rights , the mineral rights , the service contract -- back to scene - on bruce and tiptree bruce the five families . tiptree we ancestor . they buy gotham City -- carve it up and run it into the ground . in five year they be rich beyond imagine . < i> ( pause ) < / i > we have just be follow in they footstep . and in all this time no one 's ever suspect -- bruce -- that they be the one behind the robbery ? flashback - processed footage ( mos ) the five patriarch in front of a roaring fireplace at Wayne manor , raise a celebratory toast . camera pan over to a nearby table ; on it rest five raven statuettes . tiptree ( o.s. ) they have five raven make . five raven which -- combine -- would reveal the location of the treasure they would steal . < i> ( beat ) < / i > but they never touch it . they never need to . it 's still there to this day . back to scene - on bruce and tiptree tiptree the raven , and the secret -- have be pass down through generation . Father to son ... < i> ( shaking he head ) < / i > you father -- die before he could tell you . bruce so they steal he piece of the puzzle . tiptree yeah . I have get it , Bruce , and I be go to hand it over . he 's right , you know . we have all be feed -- feed on the soul of gotham ... bruce stare at he , stony - face . there 's one part of the story that do not quite add up . bruce ( cont . ) I do not believe you , Elliott . my father be a decent man -- a honorable man . he would never have take part in a scheme like this . tiptree it be not he do , Bruce . it be -- bruce that do not matter . if he know that he fortune be base on a crime -- a crime against the city ... < i> ( violently ) < / i> reputation or not , he would have try to -- tiptree Christ , Bruce ! do you want I to spell it out for you ?!? bruce back off . a awful shiver of anticipation run down he spine . tiptree ( cont . ) he be a decent man . he be a honorable man . that 's why they have he kill . camera zeroe in on bruce's horrified face as we get a series of shot Quick , almost subliminal glimpsis of bruce 's primal trauma : a mugger snatching at he mother 's necklace . thomas wayne lung at he . the young jack napier fire at thomas . pearl shower down on the rain-drenched sidewalk . a second bullet fell he mother -- -- and finally , young bruce himself , face wrack with pain and grief -- back to scene - on bruce -- a expression which perfectly match the one which the adult bruce be wear as he relive it all thirty year later . stagger and glassy - eye , he stare off into space as tiptree finish he tale . tiptree they kill he ... to protect they secret ... and now the bill 's come due . now the bill 's come due . CUT to : ext . wayne manor - establishing - toward dusk the wringht - iron gate outside bruce 's vast estate -- and beyond it , Wayne manor itself , rise bold and stately against the set sun . a county sheriff' car cruise past ... int . wayne manor - bruce's bedroom - that moment bruce lie motionless on he bed . scatter about he be scrapbook , family photo and yellow newspaper clipping which describe the murder of he parent . disorient , he gaze about aimlessly at he familiar surroundings -- which no longer seem quite so familiar ... he fold he arm formally across he chest and stare up at the ceiling , inert , as if the very weight of he heritage be crush he down . somewhere , a phone ring . he make no move to answer it . int . wayne manor - kitchen - dusk VICKI 's at the kitchen table drink coffee . alfred , who 's in he apron prepare dinner , pick up the ringing phone . alfred thank you , yes , everything 's fine . I will expect you next call in a hour . < i> ( hang up ; to VICKI ) < / i> the police be become a awful nuisance . VICKI I feel so awful for he , Alfred . there must be something we can do . alfred I realize long ago -- that there be place in Mr. Wayne 's heart which no one will ever penetrate -- or share . < i> ( pause ) < / i > he love you , miss vale . but in certain way he will always be alone . bruce ( o.s. ) ... thanks for the testimonial . alfred turn and see bruce stand in the doorway , stare at he . he start to say something , but think better of it . he return to he dinner preparation as bruce sit down across from VICKI . she extend a hand and he take it -- make a visible effort to hold himself together . bruce tiptree 's plan some kind of rendezvous with ' batman . ' I think batman ought to be there when it happen . alfred I see , sir . when shall we expect you back ? bruce get you cap . you be drive . int . tiptree' brownstone - night it 's late , and the house be dark as tiptree treed silently downstairs carry a oversize suitcase . the light be on in the kitchen , where the cop be play poker and watch tv . int . parlor - a moment later - night christmas tree light twinkle in the darkness . tiptree kneel beside the tree and dig around among the package . he pull out a oblong gift BOX with a tag address " to daddy -- from santa . " with a glance back at the kitchen , he soundlessly unwrap the package -- and open it to reveal a match set of raven statuettes . he transfer they to the big suitcase -- then slink into the hallway ... int . bedroom across STREET - that moment - night the two stakeout cop be chuckle at a Charlie Brown Christmas special on a portable tv . one of they glance out the window and see a man in a topcoat emerge from the brownstone , suitcase in hand ... stakeout cop I shit -- that 's tiptree !! the cop grab for he walkie - talkie . ext . STREET outside brownstone - that moment - night tiptree be halfway down the block when two cop burst out of the brownstone . cop Mr. tiptree ! what the hell be you -- headlight flash on as the surveillance car revs its engine . tiptree break into a run -- and the cop from the brownstone follow suit . at the end of the block he vanish down a subway entrance . int . subway station - that moment a violinist be panhandle outside the token booth as the cop come racing down the stair . the cop trip over he open violin case , scatter small change across the conrete floor . they flash they badge at the booth and vault over the turnstile -- -- just in time to see tiptree , with he suitcase , scuttling down a stairway which lead to the train platform below . int . subway platform - a moment later tiptree step onto a express train . the door slide shut behind he -- and the hapless cop curse under they breath as he roll off . cop we have gotta get back to the radio . int . subway car - a moment later - moving tiptree take a open seat and look around apprehensively . be fabulously rich , be 's probably ride the subway twice in he life -- and at this time of night , every face in the sparsely - populate car look vaguely menace . derelict , prostitute , teen - gang member -- all of they eye this well - heele stranger with intense curiosity as he clutches he suitcase and stare anxiously at the floor ... a odd , gaunt figure enter at the end of the car . it 's a deafmute . he shamble down the aisle pass out little white card . one side be a guide to International sign Language . the other read : deaf and dumb please help -- $ 1.00 two young tough take a card and tear it in half , chuckle , shine the deafmute on . a hooker , the heart - of - gold type , stuff a buck in he tin cup . he reach tiptree and extend a card ; tiptree ignore he , refuse to make eye contact -- -- but the deafmute shove the card insistently into he face . now tiptree look up . this card bear a personalize message : gotham central station b-train west to riverview tiptree 's eye widen . the deafmute -- who be in fact frick -- glower down and hold out he cup . tiptree dig in he pocket ; the smallest bill he 's get be a twenty , but he hand it over anyway . smiling at this act of generosity , frick move on to the next car . tiptree stare down tremulously at the card . he fidget with he tie clasp -- the one bruce give he earlier ... int . limo - moving - night tight on a hand - hold electronic tracing device . a small blip move across a shifting grid not unlike a radar screen . bruce be in the back of the limo , eyeing the tracer intently . alfred 's up front , at the wheel . bruce accord to this , he 's directly below we . alfred the subway , sir ? bruce yeah . take a right . int . gotham central station - that moment it 's slightly more crowded here in the hub of gotham . tiptree emerge onto the platform and spy a squad of transit cop thirty or forty foot away -- speak into walkie - talkie as they scan the crowd . stick close to the track , he turn swiftly toward the nearest stairway -- blend in with the crowd , try to hold the suitcase out of view . int . lower platform - a minute later tiptree be running for the b-train just as the door begin to close . he manage to thrust the suitcase inside -- but the door slide shut on he hand , and he drop it . he stand there on the platform , he face turn bone white as the train lurch forward ... false alarm . the train stop , and the door hiss open again . int . subway car - moving - a moment later tiptree clamber aboard with a severe case of palpitation . as the train pull out , a couple of rough - look but helpful STREET type show he to a seat and hand he he precious suitcase . he sit there panting ... moment later , a deafmute enter the car . tiptree do a take : it 's the exact same guy who be riding the other line ! of course , he do not know about frick 's malignant twin -- frack ... wipe to : int . local stop - ten minute later - night have change train twice more since we leave he , tiptree debark at a desert local stop . the station be empty except for one other passenger , who 's get off here as well -- a woman in a long fur coat . tiptree watch as she approach on she way to the stairwell , stilleto heel click across the floor . there 's something familiar about she -- but she 's wear a big , broad -brim hat , and she tilt it down as she pass , obscure she face . it be , of course , selina ... tiptree stand there expectantly with he suitcase , await further instruction . they be not long in come . a black mynah bird swoops out of the tunnel , land on the platform , and strut in front of he . mynah follow I . awwwkk ! follow me. the bird flutter its wing and take off again -- into the tunnel . tiptree stare after it in disbelief . then the bird caw again -- its shrill voice echoing from the darkness of the tunnel : mynah ( o.s. ) follow I . awwwkk ! tiptree clamber over the edge of the platform , drop awkwardly to the track below . suitcase in hand , he begin to walk ... int . limo - moving - night alfred tear up the street as bruce consult he tracer . bruce he 's slowed down . look like he 's under the park . alfred how do you propose to get down there , sir ? we can not have batman strolling up to buy a token . bruce I know another way in . < i> ( beat ) < / i> step on it . they be down there wait for he . alfred turn the limo hard right -- into gotham park -- past the statue of general wayne atop he horse ... int . subway tunnel - that moment a local train roar by , fill the screen . when it pass , we see tiptree with he suitcase , walk along the express track at the far wall of the tunnel -- more frighten with each step . it 's dark and eerie down here in the tunnel ; the only illumination come from dim lantern space at fifty - foot interval . he see the light of a express train behind he , and quickly switch to the local track . the train rumble past with a deafen blare , and the car light briefly illuminate he surroundings . tiptree glance over at the inside wall of the tunnel ... ... where he see , huddle in a alcove just off the track , a small gather of homeless people . they have set up camp down here in the tunnel , away from the element . surrounded by bag full of old clothes , dine on can food and cheap wine , they stare curiously at the well - heele stranger with the suitcase who 's invade they domain . tiptree eye they fearfully and pick up he pace , hasten down the tunnel . the homeless make no move to follow -- with one exception . a kid , thirteen or fourteen , in a ratty topcoat , climb down onto the track and watch inquisitively as tiptree vanish into the shadow . his face be familiar . it 's dick -- the boy vigilante from the park . int . tunnel - farther down track - a moment later in this stretch of the tunnel the lantern do not seem to be work -- and the mynah be completely invisible . when he come to a fork in the track , he have to wait for the sound of the bird 's shrill voice to guide he : mynah awwrrk ! follow me. tiptree stumble ahead blindly in the darkness . he trip on the track and drop the suitcase . as he 's get to he foot , a flashlight shine directly in he face ... voice stop there . the mynah bird flutter through the beam of light and perches on the shoulder of a unseen figure . tiptree cower and squint , try to make he out , but the figure who stand before he be shield he face with a open umbrella . tiptree I have cooperate . I have do everything you say . penguin open the case . tiptree lift the lid , revealirig two raven in the suitcase . a cackling laugh echoe in the darkness . penguin ( cont . ) ... two raven ? tiptree the other one be Bruce Wayne 's . < i> ( tremble ) < / i > he do not know anything about this . you have get what you want . there 's no need to -- penguin thank you , Mr. tiptree . you may go . tiptree stand . he back away from the suitcase warily . tiptree my family . you will not -- penguin we will certainly take you unexpected generosity into consideration . tiptree we -- ?!? < i> ( shield he eye ) < / i> you be not batman . penguin no. I be he brother - in - law -- birdman . now move out . int . tunnel - high angle - that moment tiptree march slowly down the track , toward camera , silhouett in the flashlight beam . the beam shift slightly as the penguin move toward the suitcase and set the light down -- -- and we catch sight of the catwoman perch on a steel cross -girder above the rail , she chrome - steel talon glinting as she wait for tiptree to pass underneath . int . tunnel - on tiptree look increasingly twitchy as he approach the cross - girder . he slip a hand into the pocket of he topcoat , whirl suddenly -- -- and bring up he .38 automatic , fire three quick shot at the penguin . the shot ricochet loudly off the umbrella -- which happen to be a bulletproof job . the penguin lift he brolly ; FIRE spit out of the shaft -- -- and tiptree stagger backward . shot in the chest . he spin into a steel upright and topple , face - forward , onto the electrified third rail -- frying himself in a shower of spark . the smoke be still clear when the catwoman drop to the track . the penguin rush to she side to check tiptree for sign of life . catwoman that idiot . another six foot -- penguin so sorry to spoil you fun . -- he bring two raven . we have get a complete set ! catwoman what ?? penguin yeah ! they're in the suitcase -- a awful rumbling fill the tunnel . they see the light of a train approach on the center track -- the same one they be stand on , the one tiptree 's body be slump across . the penguin 's first impulse be to run back toward the inner track , where the raven lie , but the catwoman be try to drag tiptree out of the train 's path ... catwoman give I a hand ! they pull the corpse onto the outer express track just as the train arrive . they stand against the outer wall , wait for the train to pass ... ... and when it do , they see dick -- the boy vigilante -- stand on the inner track directly across from they . holding the suitcase . the kid take off like a shot . the catwoman and the penguin exchange quick look of utter disbelief -- and bolt after dick . int . tunnel - on dick the bulky suitcase be slow he progress . he look back over he shoulder ; although the stubby - legge penguin have fall well behind , the catwoman be gain fast . page 101 missing from hard copy int . tunnel - on dick watch in the light from the train as the two costume figure grapple in the distance . he race back toward the scene of the melee ... int . tunnel - outter express track - that moment ... where batman and the catwoman be trading punch , blow for blow . he knock she off she foot with a vicious right hook , and she sprawl on the track , daze and bleed . she lift a hand : < i>no mas < / i>... he look back toward the suitcase on the center track . before he can make a move toward it , he spot another train approach on the outer track -- right on the heel of the last one . he crouch to pull the catwoman 's limp frame out of its path ... ... but as he do so , a horn blare -- and a second train come barrel down the center track from the opposite direction ! now he 's get train approach on either side , and there 's no place to go -- the catwoman be groggily get to she foot . he lunge at she -- thrust her backward , toward a alcove in the outer tunnel wall . int . tunnel - on dick - that moment the outer train be already speed past , obscure batman and the catwoman from view . the CENTER train be bear down fast . a split-second before it arrive , dick hand snatch the suitcase out of its path -- and he tumble to safety on the innermost local track . he stand and watch as the two train pass in opposite direction . he do not know if batman be alive or dead ... int . alcove - that moment batman and catwoman be flatten in the tiny alcove -- there 's not two inch of breathe space between they and the pass train . she 's come around now , and she 's flailing and clawing at he , try to push he out . her hand close around he utility belt . as they struggle , she hit the trigger of a SMALL gas cylinder ... it 's bruce 's hydraulic batwing device -- the one that save he when he fall off the roof . but this time the result be altogether different . he gasp in horror as the wing of he cape stiffen and inflate -- forcing he away from the wall of the tunnel . his outer wing strike the train -- flapping wildly against the pass car -- snagging finally on the ralling of the rearmost car -- -- and batman be suddenly ripped out of the alcove -- dragge off down the track by the pass train ! int . tunnel - innermost track - on dick he 's still there with the suitcase -- wait apprehensively to see what 's become of batman . finally the center train pass -- -- and he see catwoman stand alone in the alcove -- smile at he -- advance menacingly . dick turn to run ... a gunshot ring out -- and the last thing he see as he slump to the track be a whiff of smoke plume from the shaft of the penguin' umbrella . the penguin 's panting -- soak with sweat . the catwoman snatch up the suitcase and rush over to join he . she peer off into the tunnel after batman , exhilated ... catwoman God . do you see he ? be not he hot ? penguin have not you get anything else to think about ? < i> ( mop sweat from he brow ) < / i> I be hot . that be exhaust . catwoman no pain , no gain ! -- suck it up . we be not out of here yet . she sprint off down the track . squawking , he waddle along behind she , as fast as he fat little leg will carry he ... as they vanish into the darkness , the camera track back -- past dick , who lie unconscious on the track , bleed heavily from he shoulder wound -- deeper into the maze of tunnel -- -- arrive finally on the rag black figure of batman as he stagger forth from the shadow , daze and bloody . he scan the tunnel , find no trace of he enemy -- and then he gaze fall on dick . he limp over and kneel at the boy 's side -- cradling he head protectively , stare helplessly into the blackness all around he ... dissolve to : ext . gotham CITY skyline - night the stark outline of the city , bathed in moonlight . camera zeroe in on the glow , ornamental dome of CITY hall ... int . CITY hall - that moment - night a pentagonal balcony gird the interior of the dome . we tilt down to ground level -- where two aged security guard lie sprawle at odd angle on the marble floor , fatally shot . the penguin close he gun- umbrella and waddle across the atrium of City Hall , past a statue of blind justice , to a point directly under the dome . there , encase in a plexiglass case , be a scale model of gotham CITY -- circa 1885 , when City Hall be erect . he shout up : penguin lets do it ! int . CITY hall - balcony under dome - that moment the catwoman , frick , and frack be already up on the balcony . line its periphery be various display case of historical interest ; and position along the wall at each point of the pentagon be five arched niches -- each one contain a bronze bust . the patriarch of gotham 's five families ... the catwoman and co . go to work quickly . she remove the five raven from a gunny sack as frick and frack work they way around the balcony , yanking the bust from they recess basis . she follow along behind they , replace each bust with a raven . when they be do , the penguin yell up : penguin now . give each raven a quarter-turn . his pal in the dome oblige -- twisting each raven in its recess socket , in quick succession ... int . CITY hall - atrium - on penguin the moment of maximum tension . he stand there froth at the mouth with anticipation . second tick off , and nothing happen . catwoman what happen now ? penguin I do not know . that 's all ...! he look around expectantly as the other peer down at he from above . he really do not know what 's suppose to happen next . suspect the worst , he throw he umbrella to the floor and begin stamping about in a rage , sputter , flap he arm like wing . penguin ( cont . ) we have be tricked ! it 's a hoax ! it 's a -- he shut up suddenly at the sound of a loud chunk . somewhere behind he , ancient gear be beginning to grind . he spin and stare at the scale model of gotham in its plexiglass case ... the city model be trembling slightly . as he watch , the dome of the miniature CITY hall -- in the dead center of the model city -- pop off on a hinge . a metal strongbox rise into view ... int . dome - on balcony - that moment the catwoman , frick and frack stare down at the little metal box . the penguin be already clamber atop the plexiglass case of the model , smashing at it with he umbrella , try to get at the box . frick that 's the treasure ? catwoman no . it 's a map ... she affix a rope to the balcony railing and climb over . int . CITY hall - atrium - on penguin the plexiglass case finally shatter -- and the penguin fall through , landing atop gotham City . he snatch at the strongbox and get to he foot , bestride the city like a colossus . he 's climb down off the tabletop when the catwoman , on she rope , touch down behind he . he hunker down on the floor and knock the rusted padlock off the box . he open it and stare greedily at the content -- a map and a bunch of old , crumble photo . the catwoman creep over to he side : penguin Bruce Wayne . so he do not know a thing about the treasure , eh ...? < i> ( hand she the map ) < / i> look at this . it 's right under Wayne manor . it 's be there all along ! now the catwoman snatch at the photo . they show progressively closer view of ancient gnarle stalactite -- a odd , distinctive subterranean rock formation ... penguin ( cont . ) look like some kind of cave . fade through to : int . wayne manor - guest bedroom - day tight on the face of dick . he lie unconscious in a big soft frilly bed a woman' hand wipe he feverish brow with a damp cloth ; he moan slightly ... his eye snap open suddenly . he sit bolt upright with a yelp . VICKI no , no -- do not try to get up -- you be hurt . he push she aside and climb out of bed anyway . his shoulder be bandage , he arm in a sling . the pajamas he 's wear be three size too large . he pace about , stare at he unfamiliar surroundings . VICKI ( cont . ) it 's all right . you be safe . you can stay here as long as you need to . dick I do not belong here . you can not keep I here . vaguely unnerve , he go to a window , pull back the shade , look out at the grounds . VICKI it 's " Dick " , be not it ? or do you prefer " Richard " ? he stare at she as if she 's nut . VICKI open a closet door : all of he ratty belonging be hang inside -- include the red-and - green gymnast's suit with the " R " insigne on the breast . VICKI " R " -- for Richard , right ? see , all you thing be here ... < i> ( stare at the costume ) < / i> what be it , some kind of gymnast 's outfit ? dick it 's none of you business . what be this , some kind of home ? VICKI no , not that kind . there 's a swim pool -- tennis court -- you can have anything you want . dick tennis court ?! -- Lady , you be rich . how the hell would you know what I want ? VICKI try to lay a soothing arm on he shoulder . he bat it away , push she aside and turn toward the door in agitation -- dick I be not stay . you can not make I -- -- and see bruce stand in the doorway look at he . bruce I can make you . dick freeze -- as if bruce 's mere presence have mesmerize he . the hint of a smile play across he face : ohhhhh . I be in batman 's house . bruce ( cont . ) come on . wanna go at it ? < i > ( no response ) < / i> look , kid -- like it or not , you be my guest -- and long as you be here you might as well enjoy it . alfred appear with a tray of hot food and set it down on a bedside table . dick edge toward it and sit down . he wait for alfred to leave and then tuck in hungrily -- eyeing bruce all the while . bruce ( cont . ) will you two be okay in here ? VICKI nod yes . bruce back out of the room . int . wayne manor - outside guest room - day bruce pull the door shut . alfred follow he down the hall . alfred what do you propose to do with he , sir ? keep he in the room for the rest of he life ? bruce I do not know , Alfred . I have get other stuff to worry about . alfred the child be hurt , sir . at the very least we should attempt to locate he parent . bruce he have not get any parent . alfred how do you know that , sir ? bruce turn and fix alfred with a steely gaze . bruce ... I know . the phone ring as bruce start down the long stairway . alfred pick up a hallway extension . he cover the mouthpiece : alfred Sir -- it 's miss Kyle . bruce rush back upstairs to take the call . int . penguin be lair - that moment - day arctic bird chirp all around in the penguin - pool room . a snow owl strut across the penguin 's desk as selina make a phone call -- with the penguin , frick , and frack hover over she . selina well ! tall , dark and handsome . be we still on for tonight ? int . wayne manor - on bruce he cover the receiver and stare intensely at alfred . on he look we dissolve to : int . wayne manor - front parlor - night Christmas carol play . VICKI 's get dick help she trim the tree . int . bruce's bedroom - night bruce be get dress for he date with selina . alfred be this necessary , sir ? after all ... it be Christmas eve . bruce reach for he utility belt . he empty the content of one packet onto a dresser : a dozen tiny , red glassine capsule . he scoops up a handful of the capsule and deposit they in he jacket pocket . bruce stuff will knock out a moose , much less a cat . alfred I do not like to see you go out on a date ... unprotect , sir . bruce she will be ready for batman -- but not for I . < i> ( turn to go ) < / i > it 's the only way , Alfred . I have get to take she out tonight . int . entry hall - five minute later ( dick be Pov ) dick watch from the front parlor as VICKI meet bruce at the bottom of the stair . the two of they exchange a few brief word ; he embrace she , stroke she hair gently -- then glumly set he jaw and move off toward the front door . VICKI reenter the parlor , try to force a expression of cheer as dick turn discreetly away . this be one weird household he 's land in ... int . selina's loft - night soft music play in the background as selina preens in front of a vanity , do she eye makeup , take great pleasure in she own reflection . she 's look especially sultry tonight in a glitter low - cut gown . she lower one shoulder strap and strike a pose in the mirror : better . she run a hand through she hair , tousling it for that recently - ravish look . the doorbell ring , and by the time selina cross over to answer it , she 's lower the other strap as well -- which mean she have to hold up the top of she dress with one hand . bruce find himsell dumbstruck as she let he in . she pull up both strap as she greet he nonchalantly : selina you be early . I be afraid I be not quite dress . bruce enter and take a long look around . it 's a big open loft , only partly finish , fill with egyptian artifact . the wall feature modern painting with cat motif . the finish section be dominate by a huge bed on a raise platform -- three or four cat be walk around on it , yowling at bruce . selina chuckle as he scope it all out . selina ( cont . ) if you be look for my bondage gear , it 's at the cleaner . bruce Christmas eve . no tree ? selina no present . I have be a bad girl this year . bruce take a seat on the sofa while selina go to a nearby wet bar . bruce I be surprised you keep this date . I think you would have lose interest by now . selina what make you say that ? bruce you have get what you want , do not you ? selina I do now . < i> ( smile ) < / i > we have have this date for a long , long time . with that , she set the drink down on the table and move in to kiss he -- a long , slow , wet kiss . but bruce seem strangely unresponsive . she break free and give he a funny look . bruce how much be it go to cost I ? selina what ? bruce ... to get the raven back . he watch she closely for a reaction . selina 's shocked , but she conceal it well -- chuckle in apparent confusion . selina you be the oddest man I have ever meet . < i> ( move in on he ) < / i > let 's talk later , Bruce . I have get kind of a short fuse ... bruce tense slightly as she kiss he again -- leave a crimson lipstick smear on he cheek . she work she way downward , kissing he around he neck and throat ... he hand reach into he jacket pocket . he withdraw a tiny glassine capsule . but before he can use it -- he jerk back suddenly -- push she away . his free hand go to he neck , where a thin trickle of blood be ooze from between two bright red lipstick lip . she 's bitten he ... now she shush he -- reach over to the tiny wound and massage it gently with one hand . selina do I hurt you ? just relax -- you will start to enjoy it . bruce pull away again . his eye be strangely glaze . he try to speak , but he tongue feel thick and swollen . selina ( cont . ) Bruce , you look faint . it must be the cat . bruce stand suddenly . it 's as if he 's mire in a slo - mo nightmare . his leg give way beneath he and he topple to the floor , inert . his finger go slack and the capsule roll out ; he try to reach into he pocket , but he arm will not seem to work . selina 's cat , hecate , stroll across he prostrate form -- purring and stretch ... bruce's Pov a worm 's - eye view -- selina loom over he with a predatory smile on she face , shifting in and out of focus . bruce what di -- what do you d-- she run a finger across she lip and hold it up -- bright red . selina I guess I have ... get under you skin . back to scene - on bruce his hand go to the bite on he neck -- and he realize selina 's lipstick be spike with a fast - act paralytic drug . he writhes helplessly on the carpet , he whole body gradually go slack . the penguin , frick and frack stroll through the doorway and stand over he -- all laughing ... dissolve to : ext . wayne manor - night a county sheriff' car cruise past the manor , right on schedule . int . wayne manor - parlor - night alfred on the telephone , check in with the County sheriff 's boy . alfred everything 's fine , thank you . we will talk in a hour . behind he , VICKI be wait up for bruce . she 's curl up on the sofa , read a book , throw the occasional anxious glance at a big grandfather clock -- which strike eleven o'clock . int . wayne manor - guest bedroom - night dick open the bedroom door and peek down the hall . he 's get all he belonging tie up in a bundle on the bed ; he open a window and throw the bundle outside . there 's a nice strong tree branch some ten or twelve foot from the window -- just close enough that he should be able to make it . he climb up onto the windowsill , crouch , and spring . int . car - outside - that moment - night a car full of trouble : selina , wear a fur coat over she catwoman garb , at the wheel ; the penguin riding shotgun ; and frick in the back seat -- next to bruce , who 's semi-conscious and stone limp . the car idle outside the wrought-iron gate of Wayne manor . penguin try he mag card . frick dig in bruce 's pocket and find a bunch of red capsule . frick look at this . he 's a pillhead . now frick find a mag-stripe card and insert it into a electronic device at the edge of the drive . the gate magically part . there 's a large van just behind the car -- drive by frack , and carry two random goons . both vehicle pull in before the gate slide shut . int . wayne manor - a moment later VICKI hear a signal from the security panel in the kitchen announce what should be bruce 's arrival . she heave a huge sigh of relief -- then rush to the door and fling it open . she see bruce stand there and she face light up . VICKI ohh . be I glad to -- to she horror , bruce topple forward -- and land on the floor , flat as a board . VICKI shriek as the penguin enter , throw he arm wide . penguin mer-r-r-ry christmas !! ext . wayne manor - that moment - night dick have shimmy down to a lower branch . he let go and drop to the snow , wincing ; he shoulder wound be bleed again . as he grab he bundle , he hear raucous laughter come from around the house . he race over to peer around the corner . he see the two car out front . he see the last of the goon squad barging in through the front door . his face full of confusion and conflict , he move to a window . in the entry hall he see bruce on the floor -- and VICKI surround by gun-tote intruder . one of they grab she and twist she arm behind she back . int . wayne manor - entry - that moment VICKI shriek and struggle as she stare down at bruce . VICKI what do you do to he ?? selina give she a catty little smile . selina first-time jitter , I guess . everything be go great , and then ... he just go limp as a noodle . int . wayne manor - on stairway drawn by the commotion , alfred rush down the stair to the entry hall , pull a robe around he . he freeze in he track when he see frick drag VICKI into the front parlor , hold a gun to she head . penguin you would be the butler . why do not you come on down and attend to you guest ? alfred hesitates , until the penguin pull a gun on he . he march down the stair slowly , pause by bruce 's prostrate form . alfred Mr. Wayne . be he -- ? penguin you know how it be . some guy just can not hold they egg nog . int . front parlor - a moment later the penguin march alfred in where the rest of the gang 's already assemble . frick throw VICKI down roughly on a sofa just next to the Christmas tree while the goons drag bruce inside . penguin I should explain the occasion of we visit . there 's a treasure underneath this house -- and I do not plan to leave until you tell I how to find it . now who 's go to talk -- miss vale ? VICKI I do not know what you be talk about . penguin the cave . under the house . how do I get there ? the penguin gesture . frick hold the gun to she head . VICKI ( cont . ) I do not know ! I swear , I would tell you -- penguin < i> ( turn to alfred ) < / i> then maybe you would like to tell I . alfred you be no more than a common thief . penguin wrong , you old idiot . I happen to be a very uncommon thief . < i> ( beat ) < / i > be you go to tell I , or do miss vale get a early present this year ? frick cock the gun . VICKI stare aghast at alfred , who scan the room , weigh he option . tremble , he shut he eye -- alfred I ...do not ...know ... penguin then go ahead , Mr. frick ... decorate the tree . frick 's finger tighten on the trigger . VICKI wince . alfred start to blurt something out . but a split-second before he can speak -- selina wait ! < i> ( crossing over to VICKI ) < / i > we do not know how to get down there yet . we may need she when Bruce wake up . the penguin sigh and wave frick off . alfred and VICKI heave simultaneous sigh of relief . he throw she a shameface look -- but she give he a tiny nod of acknowledgement : you make the right play . selina ( cont . ) besides -- I want this one for myself . so pretty ... I be go to give she a brand new face for Christmas . the penguin throw a look at bruce , who 's still out cold on the floor . he turn to frick and frack . penguin why do not you two tie up we host ? alfred sit beside VICKI while selina wander off to tour the premise . frick and frack , meanwhile , drag bruce into a back parlor which open off the room they be in . int . back parlor - that moment they dump bruce face down on a sofa -- then rip the telephone cord from around the baseboard and use they to bind he hand and foot . int . front parlor - on mr. boniface still hold he gun on VICKI and alfred , he wander about the room , admire the various furnishings and expensive object . penguin it 's all so plush and tasteful , be not it ? just the sort of set in which I have always imagine myself . alfred , on the sofa , can not resist let out a snort of disgust . penguin ( cont . ) I see . you think I be vulgar . you think I be ...< i>nouveau < / i>. alfred I think you be a dirty little man with a -- the penguin silence he by sweeping one arm across a tabletop , send a bunch of priceless china figurine crash to the floor . he point to alfred as frick and frack reappear . penguin see , boy , that 's old money talk . after a while , they actually start to believe they have earn all this . < i> ( smirk ) < / i > I do not mind . someday I will be old money too -- when the statute of limitation run out . selina ( o.s. ) hey ! -- guess what I just find . face full of anticipation , he turn -- just in time to see selina return from the kitchen with a big silver tray of ... selina ( cont . ) Christmas cookie ! the penguin be crestfallen , but that do not stop he from cram a handful of cookie down he gullet . selina graciously serve VICKI and alfred , who munch away with limited enthusiasm . penguin let 's spread out and see what we can find . < i> ( to frick and frack ) < / i> you two -- keep a eye on we friend here . give I a yell the minute Wayne come to . frick and frack post themselves at the door to the front parlor as selina , the penguin and the goons fan out through the house . camera track with they as they move past bruce -- -- and in a quick closeup we see he eye OPEN -- he hand struggling against he bond . series of shot quick glimpse of the intruder enact they depredation as they search for the entrance to the cave . selina and the penguin be fling open door , move clock , look for secret panel ; as they go , they systematically tear the house apart -- smash bruce 's possession , rip painting out of frame , etc . meanwhile , the two goons be outside prowling around the grounds , look for a exterior entrance -- and back in the parlor , frick and frack be keep they gun train on alfred and VICKI . int . wayne manor - corridor off kitchen - night camera track down a long , empty hallway -- arrive at a locked door with curtain - off glass panel . suddenly , a elbow smashes through the glass -- a hand reach inside and fumble for the lock -- int . front parlor - that moment frick and frack start at the sound of a security alarm blaring from the kitchen . VICKI look at alfred ... frick better check it out . frick stay behind as frack rush out into the entryway and down a long hall to the kitchen . he toss a glance back at VICKI and alfred , then step out into the entryway himself . frick ( cont . ) what be it ? what 's go on ?? VICKI and alfred look into the back parlor . dick grayson have sneak in behind the sofa -- and he 's busy saw away at bruce 's bond with a letter opener . both of they stiffen simultaneously -- if frick step back inside , he will have a clear view of dick and bruce . int . kitchen - that moment frack have open a panel on the kitchen wall , revealing the security system from which the alarm emanate . a red light be blink , indicate dick 's break - in . frack throw switch frantically , try to kill the sound . finally he succeed -- and shout : frack some kind of security system -- int . back parlor - that moment dick 's get bruce free -- but bruce , still under the effect of the drug , be not much use . he try to get off the sofa and crumple in a heap . dick can you move , man ? bruce Library -- get to get I to the library -- dick sling a arm around bruce and drag he to a door open onto the hallway . they be just about to step outside when frack come march back on he way from the kitchen . int . front parlor - on VICKI and alfred -- face wrack with utter , desperate tension as they watch the situation develop . int . entry hall - that moment frick and frack confer , ignore VICKI and alfred for the moment . by now the penguin be waddling in from a hallway : penguin what be that ungodly racket ? frack a security alarm . it go off in the kitchen . penguin my God ! be someone in here ? he strut over to huddle with he croney . bruce and dick be still poise in the doorway . it look bad ... int . front parlor - that moment alfred look at bruce and dick -- then at frick and frack bicker with the penguin in the entryway . he pat VICKI 's knee -- gesture for she to keep she seat -- -- and lunge at frick , make a play for he gun . a moment of confusion ensue -- give dick and bruce just enough time to dart out into the hallway , duck around a corner , and vanish -- -- but alfred be a frail old go , and he can not keep it up for long ; a blow to the face send he sprawling to the floor . frick instinctively pull the trigger and shoot he at point - blank range . VICKI rush into the hallway -- scream , cry . int . library - that moment the room 's a mess , book all over the floor . the groggy bruce prop himself up against he desk . he manage to pull the bottom drawer open -- grope frantically for the secret switch . he 's crying . bruce Alfred ... dick I will go back . bruce I can not ... get down there ... without you . dick turn . to he amazement , the sectional bookcase be swinging open -- revealing the secret passage to the batcave . int . entry hall / front parlor - that moment we will all be pleased to know that alfred have only suffer a superficial wound to the arm . VICKI be on she knee beside he ; the penguin be watch they with utter contempt . penguin what a extraordinarily stupid thing to do . VICKI shut up . help I with he . the penguin roll he eye and order frick and frack to give VICKI a hand without he . they carry he into the parlor , lay he out on the sofa . VICKI reach into she purse for a handkerchief and begin bind he wound as the penguin pull frack aside . penguin you and I have better check the ground floor and see what 's go on . Mr. frick -- do you think you will be able to manage this pair ? frick yes sir . penguin oh , good . that do relieve my mind -- he turn , glance into the back parlor , and see a pile of CUT cord on the love seat . the blood drain out of he face . penguin ( cont . ) where 's Wayne ??? int . batcave - that moment dick have just enter another world -- and he 's look around he in pure , unalloy amazement . bruce be fumble with a packet on a spare utility belt ; he shake out a fistful of pill and swallow they dry . then he go to he bank of monitor and begin flipping switch . they blink on one by one ; dick move up behind bruce and look on , dazzle . insert - monitor the screen show the penguin in a sun room , shouting to he two armed goons through a pair of french door . penguin check the grounds ! the shape he 's in , he can not have get far . back to scene - on bruce he turn to he main control panel , reach for a switch , and wait . ext . wayne manor - that moment - night the two goons outside , with gun and flashlight , roam cautiously around the grounds . they turn suddenly -- -- as corrugate -steel security panel slam into place over every ground - floor door and window in Wayne manor ! int . SUN room - that moment the penguin see the same thing happen , only from inside . he listen helplessly as he goons pound on the steel panel from outside . it 's just occur to he that he 's trap in here ... int . batcave - a moment later dick be up on a catwalk lead back to the library of Wayne manor . bruce shout up to he from the control console down below . bruce -- as soon as he get to the East wing . wait for my signal . you know what to do . dick nod yes and bolt off . int . front parlor - a moment later VICKI and alfred be still sit at gunpoint . with the commotion go on all around they , frick be get itchy - finger . suddenly the stereo begin blaring at top volwne -- " santa bring my baby back to I . " frick turn and stare at it in confusion -- go over to fiddle with the control -- -- and suddenly bruce's voice be come through the loudspeaker . bruce ( o.s. ; filter ) VICKI ! run ! now ! she 's off the sofa like a shot , diving for the entry hall . frick turn and take aim -- -- but before he can squeeze the trigger , dick 's come out of nowhere to high - kick he in the face ! the shot go wild and the two of they tumble into the Christmas tree , knock it over ... int . entry hall - that moment VICKI hit the floor of the entry hall . huge oaken sliding door be already slamm shut behind she . the same thing be happen all down the hall -- the East wing of the house be sealing itself off ! int . front parlor - that moment dick cartwheel across the carpet -- catch frick high on the chest and ramming he backward , into the hearth . before frick can regain he balance , dick 's beaned he across the back of the skull with a fireplace poker . he bend and pick up frick 's gun -- which he toss to alfred , who 's be watch all this with some fascination from the sofa . dick here . you might need it . alfred thank you , master Dick . and ...bravo. int . kitchen - that moment VICKI have make it to the wall phone . she can not seem to get a dial tone -- voice from behind do you really think we be that stupid ? VICKI turn , and realize to she horror that the voice be selina 's . selina ( cont . ) I tawt I taw a puddy tat ...!! with that she raise a hand -- and she claw pop out . VICKI turn , grab a carve knife from a wooden block -- but before she can do anything with it , a whip crack and wrap around she wrist , jerk the knife loose . selina tug on the other end , reeling she closer . selina you know , I have get a great recipe for slice bitch -- VICKI lunge forward suddenly , cause the whip to slacken and throw selina off - balance into the center island . while they be tangle up , VICKI grab a meat cleaver and try to bring it down on selina , but selina roll effortlessly out of the way and return the favor , swiping at VICKI with she claw . VICKI bring a calphalon skillet up just in time to block the blow : clang . VICKI sweep she arm across the countertop , shower selina with knife and appliance . it busy she enough time to make for the door -- but selina come fly after she . another downswipe with the claw -- but VICKI shove a butcher' block into selina 's path , and she talon wedge a half - inch deep in the wood . VICKI rush out while she 's try to pry herself loose . int . dine hall - a moment later selina enter but find no trace of VICKI . selina I love a good old - fashioned catfight -- but this be pissing I off . VICKI charge out from behind a sideboard , push a wheeled cocktail cart before she . it slam full - force into selina , who land on she back on the great long dining table . VICKI be in the doorway to the entry hall by the time she get up . int . entry hall - stairway - a moment later VICKI race up the stair . she have a good lead , but selina make up the difference in a hurry . she take the stairway in three giant bound -- reach the landing just as VICKI duck down the hall and into a bedroom , slamm the door behind she and locking it . selina here , kitty kitty kitty ... here , kitty kitty ... she kick the door OPEN . int . bedroom - that moment selina enter and strike a coy pose as she shut the door behind she . VICKI have open a pair of french door lead to a balcony , but it 's too long a drop . she stand there paralyze as selina advance . selina so this be where you earn you keep . she grab VICKI -- hold she out at arm 's length and shove she roughly back onto the bed . VICKI flail wildly as selina kneel atop she ... selina 's claw shred VICKI 's blouse , revealing a frilly section of bra -- selina mmm ! Frederick 's of gotham ? she plant a talon against VICKI 's sternum and rake it downward , draw a red stripe on the expose flesh of VICKI 's belly . now VICKI just lose it . she begin to shriek uncontrollably . selina not so loud , honey ! the neighbor will get the wrong idea . < i> ( laugh ) < / i> Santa 's come . time for all good girl to go to sleep ... she raise she claw -hand and prepare to slash down at VICKI 's neck . but a instant before she can strike -- VICKI go wide - eye and shut up . a black shadow fall across the moonlit bed . selina tense -- -- as a black -gloved hand grab a fistful of she hair -- batman miss I , " angel " ? he yank she bodily off the bed . before she know what 's happen , he deliver a powerhouse uppercut . she fly into the door and knock it cleanly off its hinge . int . hallway / staircase - a moment later batman step out after selina , who 's only now pick herself up . selina okay -- let 's do it , huh ? you and I ... all the way this time . she hiss and jump he . they grapple -- a quick flurry of fist -- and he knock she ass -over - teakettle down the long stairway . she get to she foot , limping , and dart around a corner . batman march implacably down the stair , take he time ... int . hallway - a moment later VICKI rush out of the bedroom . she look down the hall and see frack fly out of the guest room , upside down -- slamm into the wall opposite . he slump to the carpet , out cold . a moment later dick stroll out . VICKI rush to he side -- VICKI come on . we will be safe in the cave . int . downstair hallway / armory - a moment later batman pause outside the door to the armory , which be slightly ajar . he push it in cautiously ... ... and a halberd smashes through the wood frame -- slice down mere inch from he face . it 's the penguin wield the ax ; he back off in seem terror as batman advance on he . but then -- -- selina spring down from a perch above the door -- landing on he back -- and the two of they be go at it again . it 's a room full of exotic weaponry , and most of it get a good workout in the next thirty second . batman dodge a lance -- which embed itself into the wall behind he , quivering -- and swing a mace squarely into selina 's rib . it 's a crippling blow ; she fly backward , knock over a suit of exotic armor -- which topples , knock over another -- and another -- -- until the various suit of armor have all fall over , domino - style -- the last of they landing squarely atop the cower penguin . selina be badly hurt now . she make it out of a rear door to the armory . batman pause to check on the penguin -- he seem to be out for the count -- and set off in pursuit of selina . several moment pass before the groan penguin come around enough to dig himself out . int . hallway - a moment later as the penguin stumble around a corner , he peer into the library . VICKI be crouch by bruce 's desk , reach into a bottom drawer . a hide panel in the bookcase pop open ... int . library - that moment as she help alfred into the secret passageway , VICKI turn to dick : VICKI come on . come with we . dick no. I can still help ... int . hallway - a moment later the penguin flatten against the wall as dick sprint out of the library and head off in the opposite direction . there 's a flabbergasted look on he face -- he recognize this kid . wipe to : int . batcave - a minute later at the monitor bank , watch batman 's pursuit of selina , be VICKI and alfred . they pivot suddenly at the sound of a voice : penguin such primitive entertainment . he 's hold a gun on the two of they . he stare about delightedly , take in the prehistoric splendor of the cave . his eye light up at the sight of the batmobile , park on its little plateau . penguin ( cont . ) so Bruce equal batman . it seem I have discover two treasure ! < i > ( a evil smile ) < / i > do not move . I would be only too happy to shoot you both . he pull out he packet of photo and begin to scan the cave . he spot the distinctive rock formation in a upper vault of the cavern . it 's a couple of plateaus over ; a long narrow catwalk run past it , some ten or twelve foot below . penguin the gotham City treasury . it 's about to be steal twice . alfred do not be absurd . you will never be able to get it out of here . penguin oh , I will manage somehow . you two be my guarantee of that . < i> ( nudging VICKI with the gun ) < / i > let 's have a look , shall we ? you go first . he shove she . she start across the catwalk , he gun at she head . int . upstair hallway - that moment selina 's make it back upstairs , but she 's move at quarter - speed , favor one leg and clutching she rib as she lope down the hallway . she 's just pass the balcony overlook the entry hall when batman appear dead ahead in she path . he 's ready to rumble -- but instead of respond , she pack it in . she stop , slump against a wall and begin to laugh . selina it could have be so nice -- you and I -- if only you be not so screw up . batman it 's over . I do not want to hurt you any more . selina tell I something -- one thing . if you do not enjoy all this ... why do you do it ? he just look at she . he do not have a especially good answer . she sigh . selina ( cont . ) I will never understand man . she spin suddenly , deliver a high-kick to batman 's throat . as he reel backward , into a wall , she leap up onto the narrow bannister railing some thirty foot above the entry hall floor and go into a crouch -- prepare to spring at the enormous crystal chandelier mount to the ceiling -- -- but just as she launch off , batman roll -- and bring up a gun from he belt . he fire a razor - sharp disk which sail past she head , cleanly slicing through the chain which suspend the chandelier . the chandelier fall just as catwoman catch hold of it -- and she find herself plummeting to the floor of the entry hall . on impact , the chandelier explode into a thousand fragment ; the catwoman land hard on she back and lie sprawle in the midst of the wreckage , unmove . batman advance slowly down the stair . her arm and leg jut out at unnatural angle ; she let out a eerie , whimper yowl of pain -- a cri du chat . he stand over she ; she glare up at he . batman nine life . catwoman I can not move . I can not move . her face be cut and bleed . she try to lift a arm and can not quite manage it . he crouch down beside she , still cautious ... catwoman ( cont . ) don't look at I !! < i> ( plead ) < / i > do I , baby ... do I now ... that 's what I want . please ? batman look up . dick be stand on the balcony overlook they , highly curious as to what he will do . batman no. batman slowly rise to he foot . she let out another gruesome whine . catwoman come on . do not stop now . finish I off . < i> ( almost weep with pain ) < / i > Son of a bitch . you be all alike ... her steel claw snick into place . with a agonizing effort she lift she forearm -- bend she wrist . she 's try to slit she own throat . he reach for he belt , extract a glassine capsule , and break it open with he thumb . he drop it amid the shattered glass around she face . a tiny cloud of GREEN gas plume out , and she hand fall limply at she side as she lapse into unconsciousness . batman stand over she for a minute as dick march down to join he . dick you should have do it , man . you should have kill she . batman give he a long , hard look -- but say nothing . batman there 's a radio in the cave . we will send for help . int . batcave - a moment later the penguin and VICKI be on a catwalk just below the rock formation . a stone outcropping extend toward the catwalk , and he force she to jump for it . now he have to follow ; the prospect make he nervous , but it 's a short hop , and he clear it okay -- find he foot on the rocky slope . they be cautiously make they way up toward the rock formation when batman appear suddenly at the far end of the catwalk -- size up the situation and freeze in he track . penguin ah , the illustrious Mr. Wayne . look at you now . whatever would you friend say ? < i> ( smile ) < / i > you have be a exceptionally congenial host -- but I must ask you to back off . the penguin grab hold of VICKI and hold her close as they climb the last few foot toward the grotto . batman swing he cape around , conceal he hand from view . he take a cautious step backward . closeup - batman' hand his free hand close around a batarang -- flick it open . angle on rock - penguin and VICKI they have pull almost even with the rock formation . a large dank grotto be visible through a small gap in the rock . penguin no sudden move . it 's a long way down . gun at she head , he peer into the grotto ... he Pov - inside the grotto a vast fortune in gold and silver bullion , undisturbed in all this year . glinting in the darkness . hanging upside - down , above it , like silent guardian , be bat -- dozen of they -- they tiny wet red eye glimmering at the penguin ... he dislodge a rock . it tumble into the grotto ... ... and a startle bat come screeching out of the gap in the rock -- flying directly at he face . angle on rock - penguin and VICKI he back away in horror as the bat streak past he . he fire he gun wildly . the SOUND of it rouse more bat , and they come fly out of the hole -- a vast , chitter swarm . VICKI shriek ; the penguin stumble -- and the two of they fall back onto the rock , hang on for dear life . batman VICKI ! a instant later batman let fly with the batarang . clean hit ; the penguin stagger back , and he gun skitter down across the rock . with bat scream all around she , VICKI take a deep breath and vault toward the catwalk . she 's a foot short ; she grab hold of the railing and hang there , over the abyss , try to pull herself up . batman race toward she -- -- but the penguin , clamber down across the rocky outcropping , have manage to grab hold of he gun . the bat have begin to swirl up toward the higher recess of the cavern , and he 's able to draw a clean bead on batman . thunderous echoes reverberate through the cave as the first shot strike batman and knock he backward . as the second spin he around . as the third send he toppling over the railing . VICKI scream . batman manage to grab the rail with one hand . now two of they be hang from the catwalk -- sit duck -- and the penguin be determine to empty the clip . the echoes be cacophanous . ancient stalactite drop from the vault roof of the cavern , plummeting downward like deadly projectile , shatter agaist the cave floor . and then -- batman pull a tiny device from he utility belt and fling it . it land in the rock at the penguin 's foot . he stare down at it , and two beat later -- -- it begin to emit a eerie electronic whine . within moment , every bat in the cave be in a frenzy -- homing in on the signal . the penguin look up see they come . a choked wail emit from he throat as he drop the gun and stand there , paralyzed . he 's just be beat at he own game . he let out a last awful howl as hundred of bat engulf he -- -- and he plunge down into the pit -- he hideous scream dwindling to a faint echo , then vanish altogether ... batman manage to drag himself up onto the catwalk . he rush over to VICKI , pull she up , drape he cape around she protectively . gradually , as the bat recede to they distant perches , he stand and help VICKI to she foot . they embrace on the edge of the abyss . on the far plateau , dick have hook up with alfred . the butler be slump against a lab table , weary and exhaust , clutching he wounded arm . dick sling a arm around he and help he to the stairway . CUT to : ext . wayne manor - night squad car everywhere . frick and frack emerge in handcuffs , flanke by cop . paramedics carry the still - unconscious selina past on a stretcher and load she into the back of a ambulance . int . wayne manor - entry hall - night the place be a utter mess . amid the carnage we find bruce confer with commissioner gordon and lt . bullock . in b.g. , a police doctor be dress alfred 's gunshot wound . gordon ... and then batman show up ? bruce he save all we life , Jim . I can not say for sure , but I would bet she 's the one behind the murder . gordon God -- I pray you be right . < i> ( beat ) < / i > one thing before we go , Bruce . who 's the kid ? bruce look into the front parlor , where VICKI and dick be righting the fall Christmas tree . bruce oh , that 's Vicki 's little cousin . he 's in town for the holiday . gordon well , he pick a hell of a time to visit . < i> ( turn to go ) < / i> merry Christmas , Bruce . good luck clean this place up . gordon and bullock file out , follow by the police doctor . bruce smile wearily to himself and stroll into the front parlor . int . front parlor - night alfred load ' silent night ' on the CD . VICKI amble up to bruce : VICKI what be you go to do with all that gold ? bruce I dunno . might be a good start on a place to live -- for some people who do not have one . she hug he . dick plug in the Christmas - tree light ; they blink to life just as the grandfather clock strike twelve . VICKI it 's Christmas . bruce yeah . maybe you should -- open you present . she run a hand along he cheek and laugh softly . VICKI oh , Bruce , present do not matter . none of it matter . we be all safe . we be together . bruce ... you might as well . he dig around in he jacket pocket and produce a tiny gift BOX , which he hand to VICKI . she unwrap it , open it slowly -- and see a diamond ring inside . she gaze up at he , speechless . he gaze back . camera pull up and away until we can see the whole of the devastate room , and all the people in it -- VICKI , fall into bruce 's arm ; dick , off to one side , watch they ; alfred , toss break furniture into a roaring fireplace . and on the image of this decidedly eccentric family unit , we fade out . the end </ be ></ vigilante >