batman & robin 1 int . batcave - batman' costume vault chrome and shadow . a black gauntlet snap into place . a cape whip over a dark rubber back . a bat -shape buckle lock . 2 int . batcave robin' costume vault - intercut a silver throw - bird be choose from a weapon 's array . glove hand lift a black eye mask . tunic armor click shut , turn to reveal the chest - borne insignia of a Robin . 3 int . batcave batman - close . emerge from he costume vault . wider deeper excavation have double the size of the cavern . New state - of - the- art computing system flash . surveillance screen monitor news and police frequencies . crime 's worst nightmare . batman stride towards the rise steam - obscure pedestal which bear the sleek , redesign batmobile . robin appear in the door of he costume vault , dress in the black and red of he nightwing costume . two dark avenger stand suite , ready to take back the night . batman Nice suit . and today you be ? robin nightwing . scourge of darkest evil . batman this be all about fashion for you , be not it ? robin it 's the gear . chick love the gear . alfred step forward , out of the shadow . alfred do call if you be go to be late for dinner , sir . 4 turbos - close . roar . the batmobile shoot away through the arch of the cave access tunnel . 5 the compass to of the batmobile service pedestal split wide like the open petal of a flower , revealing a sleek , turbo-charged motorcycle . meet Robin 's bike : the redbird . alfred drive carefully , master wing . robin do not wait up , al . 6 the redbird turbo - close . explode into life . the powerful bike shoot after the batmobile . 7 alfred watch they go . then , he relax , let he weight fall against the main console , a man not as well as he seem . 8 int . batcave access tunnel - batmobile - moving batman be behind the wheel , Robin visible through the window . batman ten police cruiser freeze solid on the gotham Expressway . . . 9 int . batcave access tunnel - redbird - moving Robin be on he bike , data scrolling on he console monitor . robin ... a giant drilling truck burrow under the city ... batman Mr. freeze . robin the batcomputer track he head for the gotham Museum . batman the new antiquity exhibit . the second Sun of the Sudan . robin of course . he 's go to steal the giant white diamond . batman no , Robin . he 's go to jail . 10 batman' monitor - close - the gotham museum push in 11 ext . gotham museum - night a stone and glass palace set on the edge of gotham 's Central Park . 12 int . gotham museum - night a giant drilling truck point up through the rubble of the shattered museum floor . 13 wider . a great hall bear the skeleton of a mighty brontosaur amongst a myriad of other exotic antiquity . all freeze . 14 hold on a giant diamond case the case begin to glow blue , then white , the shatterproof glass exploding into a thousand fly fragment . 15 rack in through the storm of ice and glass , across the freeze floor , past exhibit of Aztec ruin pepper now with three frozen guard , up stone step of a pyramid altar to reveal ... ... a silver suite figure stand , bald head visible beneath a helmet , a high - tech bazooka in he hand . mr. freeze freeze the iceman cometh . 16 wider a gang of thug in thermal suit , the icemen , skate to the base of the step . two hold a moaning , shiver guard captive . guard please . show some mercy . freeze begin down the altar step . a shimmering , terrifying GOD . freeze I be afraid my condition have leave I cold to you plea of mercy . 17 freeze fire he weapon , the beam of cryonic energy engulf the Guard , turn he to ice . freeze ( knock on the guard 's cheek ) copsicle . freeze close , now , on the shattered case . freeze in this universe , there be only one absolute . everything ... freeze swipe away the shattered glass and steel , from the debris lift a tremendous diamond . freeze ... freezes . freeze hold the diamond high over he head , the light hit the gem like a star . 18 the skylight - close . explode . batman free-falls into the room , hit the brontosaurus and slide down its neck , smashing freeze with he foot , the diamond slide across the freeze floor . freeze ( aim he pistol ) bat on ice , anyone ? 19 batman kick the pistol high in the air , catch it . batman do not you mother ever tell you not to play with gun ? 20 freeze cartwheel across the room , kick the gun away from batman , catch it in mid air . freeze you be not send I to the cooler . 21 freeze fire . batman dodge the blast . freeze take aim again . 22 the front door - close . blow OPEN Robin , on the redbird , fly into the room . 23 batman use the distraction , fly - kick the gun into the air . 24 robin soar over freezer head , kick the airborne gun to the altar atop the giant pyramid . robin score . and the crowd go wild . 25 Robin land , lay he bike sideways in a slide , knocking a precious vase into mid air . he grab a statue , use it to whip around in a dismount . 26 batman catch the fall vase , replace it , as Robin skate beside he . the two heroes race for freeze . freeze grab the gem . kill the heroes . 28 more incemen in hockey mask , stick in hand , rush the cape crusader from both side . 29 robin it 's the hockey team from hell . 30 freeze be racing towards the altar and he fall gun . six guard rush in through a side door and swarm the unarm freeze . mistake . freeze begin wail on the Guards . it 's a straight display of fisticuff execute with unbelievable speed and precision , hook , jab , upper and lower cut all perfectly deliver , fell the assault force . 30a freeze cop-suey . he begin racing again for he gun . 31 batman and robin begin a martial art extrordinaire , block stick blow , punch and kick the icemen . 32 the gem lay on the ice behind the wall of advance icemen . 33/34 batman and robin grab two assailant , slip between they leg , skate pop out of they boot , as they snatch the icemen 's stick and trip the villain . 35 freeze have make it to he gun . he turn , fire , create a ice bridge to the floor . freeze caution . Bridge may ice over . 35a he slide down the ice bridge to the floor below . start racing for he giant drilling truck . 36 batman begin skate towards freeze . batman you get the ice . I will get the iceman . 37 robin skate through the thug , double stick , check - ing they wildly into the board , reach down and scoops up the diamond . robin sweet . 38/39 freeze be racing towards he truck , batman close fast behind he . freeze spin and fire . 40 batman duck , use he cape as a ice shield , deflect the beam into a close iceman behind he , freezing the villain solid . 41 freeze disappear behind the giant brontosaurus . 42 robin skate into line with batman , both head fast for freeze . robin ( show the diamond ) I get mine . where 's yours ? 43 freeze fire he gun , freezing the leg of the mighty brontosaur . freeze what kill the dinosaur ? the ice age . 44/45 freeze push on the belly of the beast , the mighty creature toppling forward , exploding in front of batman and Robin . 46 robin he 's definitely extinct . 47/48 batman and robin skate fast to avoid the debris . 49 a iceman fly in from the side , hit Robin 's hand , send the gem fly free . 50 another iceman skate to the gem , hitting it with he stick , send the diamond fly up onto the landing by the front door . 51 freeze have make it to he truck , be climb towards the hatch . 52 the icemen be a rush wall between the cape crusader and the gem . batman and Robin skate toward the villain , pull flagpole from a display as if they be about to joust the icemen . at the last second , batman and Robin drive they pole into the ice , vaulting over the head of the icemen towards the landing and the wait gem above . 53 freeze have climb to the hatch of he vehicle . freeze hit I boy . 54/55 batman and Robin land on the landing inch from the gem . a iceman skate from the wing , with a slapshot , send the diamond fly . 56 freeze's glove - close . the diamond hit . a perfect catch . freeze thanks for play . 57 freeze drop into the cab of he giant drilling truck . the hatch start to slide close . 58 batman round up the thug . I will get freeze . 59/60 batman leap onto the banister , slide stand down the rail and jump , drop into the close hatch after freeze . 61 int . drilling truck - control capsule a bank of control panel be set inside the giant glass head of the drill . batman fall in to find freeze stand at the main console . batman stop the insanity . freeze Nice of you to drop in . freeze hit a button . a tremendous roar . 62 int . museum the capsule , set on the end of a ejection cylinder , blast out of the drilling truck , rise like a rocket towards the roof . 63 robin jump on another banister , slide down , grab a banner and swing himself onto the side of the cylinder , clutching a porthole ledge and hang fast . 64 ext . gotham museum the capsule blows through the top of the museum , rocketing towards the starry night sky above . 65 zoom in . Robin cling to the side of the rocket for dear life . 66 int . capsule batman be throw to the floor by the powerful acceleration . freeze stay upright , protect by he mighty suit . batman you be a great scientist once . do not squander you genius on evil . freeze I hate be lecture . 67 freeze throw batman , hard , into the bulkhead , use he pistol , to freeze batman 's ankle and wrist to the wall in chunks of ice . freeze watch the number , batman . for they be the harbinger of you doom . 68 altimeter close . 10,000 foot and climb fast . freeze can you feel it come ? the icy cold of space . at 30,000 foot you heart will freeze and beat no more . the altimeter close . 15,000 foot and rise . 69 ext . capsule Robin have climb onto the nose - cone . be struggle against the acceleration , use bat-magnet to crawl towards the escape hatch . 70 int . capsule freeze step into a glide - wing backpack mount on the wall . freeze after you have freeze , you icy tomb will plummet back to gotham . batman freeze , you be mad . this capsule will slaughter thousand . freeze release the door behind he , the sky whipping past beyond . freeze ai not it grand ? freeze well . freeze leap out into the night . 71 ext . night sky freeze begin to plummet towards the light of gotham below . 72 freeze's backpack - close . a sleek wing extend from its housing . freeze angle himself downward in mid air , use he glide wing to control he fast flight towards the distant city . 73 int . capsule 74 the control , the glass nose - cone , the capsule itself be all frosting over . the hatch open . Robin drop in . robin I be just hang around . batman I think you be go to stay in the museum and round up the thug . robin how about , nice to see you ? glad you be here to save my life . 75 Robin pull a laser from he utility belt , flash melt one of he ice-shackle . batman when we get home , we be have a little communication workshop . Robin flash metl the other ice gauntlet . batman be free . robin be it cold in here or be it just I ? 76 altimeter - close . 20,000 and rise . Ice be form everywhere . batman get to make sure this rocket do not turn gotham into a crater . 77 batman whip a bat-shape charge , throw it onto the ceiling . a armed light on the charge flash green . robin now what ? we call a taxi ? 78 batman grab a handle mark caution : explosive bolt . Robin smile , grab a similar handle on the oppose metal door . batman watch the first step . robin surf 's up . 79 both pull the release handle , leaping onto the capsule door as the explosive bolt blow they into space . 80 the batcharge light - close . go red . 81 ext . night sky - falling as the capsule explode above they raining fall debris , batman and Robin skyboard on the door down towards ... 82 freeze be rocketing to earth , the diamond in he hand . 83 batman and robin race towards freeze and the city below . the cape crusader avoid skyscraper turret and elevate bridge as they follow in freeze 's wake . 84 batman swoops down above the villain , push off he skyboard , grab freeze around the neck , the diamond fly into mid air . 85 robin maneuver in a grand flip , grab the fall gem . 86/87 freeze release he glide pack buckle , dislodge batman , the hero and the glide pack spin away from freeze . 88 batman dump the glide pack , arc back into he rush drop . 92 freeze be descend fast towards the giant smoking 93 chimney of a tower industrial complex . he aim he gun at the smoking toward and fire , the fast maw quickly cover with snow . 94 freeze plummet into the snowy chimney . 95 batman and robin drop into the ice shaft after the villain . 96 freeze fire he gun as he fall , slow he descent by turn the chimney into a madly snake tunnel of ice before he . 97 batman and robin tumble head first through layer of snow after the villain . they pull they batgrapples and FIRE . 98 batgrapples - close . hit the wall . catch . 99 batman and robin use they tether to slow they descent , landing hard in ... 100 int . industrial basement a long submarine - like corridor robin cool . can we do that again ? 101 batman and Robin race towards freeze who be flee down the other end of the corridor . he point he gun at the ceiling . fire . 102 the sprinkler system pipe explode , form a mighty , intense blizzard in the wind -tunnel . 103 batman sudden temperature drop . watch out for the ... 104 a blast of wind roar down the tunnel , slamming the door , send snow and ice whipping towards they batman wind . 105 batman and Robin whip they cape over they face , push forward , fight the storm , go through the door one by one . 106 int . boiler room frozen . at the terminus of the tunnel . a freeze boiler stand in the center of the icy moat of the building 's internal reservoir . the door swing open , batman push inside . 107 freeze fly from behind the door , slamming the metal portal hard into batman 's face . batman tumble forward . 108 freeze raise he gun . another figure leap in from the hallway , go for freeze . Robin . 109 freeze fire , turn the boy into a freeze sculpture of ice . he pluck the diamond from he icy hand . 109a ext . cross section of gotham CITY -vfx a schematic map of gotham . freeze 's vehicle burrow underneath the city , freezing the firmament in its path and clear away the debris , head towards the boiler room . 110 int . boiler room ( over ) a rumbling . suddenly the wall explode . freeze 's drilling truck appear in the clear smoke . 111 freeze can you be cold , batman ? you have eleven minute to thaw the bird . what will you do , chase the villain or save the boy ? freeze leap onto the giant vehicle . freeze you emotion make you weak . that be why this day be mine . ( smile ) stay cool , bat . 112 and freeze be go , sealing the tunnel hole after he with a blast of ice , clear the frost pane to wave goodbye . 113 batman move fast to the boy wonder , touch he freeze skin . he whip out he bat-laser , point at the icy reservoir and fire . 114 the reservoir - close . the freeze water melt , begin to simmer . 115 the cape crusader immerse Robin in the steaming sea . 115a under the water , the boy 's face be perfectly still . 116 a long beat . then Robin 's head break the surface . coughing . alive robin do we get he ? 117 ext . south american rain forest - night ( over ) thunder . lighting flash on a maze of tend and tarpaulin affix to the ruin of a decaye prison morte . a " for sale or lease " sign be illuminate by the storm . screen read - meanwhile , somewhere in the South american jungle ... 118 int . tented greenhouse lab - night bunsen burner flicker . beaker bubble . martha Stewart do fankenstein . pamela isley , lovely feature hide by a glass and bad hair , shape obscure by she lab coat , talk into a cylindrical micro-recorder . pamela I still have high hope for the animal plant cross - breeding Pam survey the two lab table . one table be a mass of plant . the other be cover with tank of spider , snake and scorpion . tube run from the lethal beast into a jar of milky fluid label venom . more tube run from the venom jar into the plant . one plant twitches as it receive the toxin . pamela if I can only find the correct dose of venom , this plant will be able to fight back like animal . I will have give flora a chance against the thoughtless ravage of man . ( over ) a agonize scream . terrify , Pam walk towards the source of the wail , a gothic prison door to which the tent be affix . the portal be mark : project gilgamesh . pamela personal note : my work would proceed faster if Dr. woodrue be not always whisk my venom sample back to he mysterious gilgamesh wing . why will not he let I into he lab ? ( over ) another blood -curdle scream . Pam turn off the recorder . pam what be he do in there ? 119 just then the door open , a startle Pam drop she recorder as lightning flash and doctor jason woodrue enter . Einstein 's hair . Manson 's eye . woodrue Dr. isley , loveliest flower in we garden . how fare we little ward ? woodrue move in , too close , back Pam against she worktable , he face inch from hers . he spot the jar of venom . woodrue what do we have here ? a lovely new supply of venom. ( lift the jar ) I will just take this to my laboratory for further study . pamela what exactly be you work on in there ? what be that scream ? a bright flash of lightning . woodrue advance on Pam . woodrue how I would love to share my secret with you . but I ask you , sweet sapling , can you be trust ? you refuse my invitation to dine . you hide you honey bud behind this sallow robe . ( over ) more lightning and ever more deafen thunder . woodrue ah , but there 's romance in the air tonight . perhaps a moonlit stroll in the jungle . and then , later , in the dark , we can share everything . woodrue have she up against the wall , he twitching lip only inch from hers . Pam wince , manage to step away . ( over ) another scream . pamela you have to tell I what you be do with my venom . woodrue ( nasty ) you must show I you secret , blossom , before I show you mine . 120 Pam watch he leave . as the door to the gilgamesh wing swing close , Pam kick she fall recorder , the metal cylinder roll between door and jamb , keep the entrance from sealing . 121 int . lab - gilgamesh section - walking Pam steal through the crumble hallway of the abandon prison follow the scream ( over ) as they grow ever louder . 122 int . lab - gilgamesh chamber bank of flash supercrays . a gurney be surround by sparking and humming equipment . frankestein meet frankenstien . woodrue emerge from the shadow , a portable phone in hand . woodrue lady and gentleman of the un-unite Nations . ( into the phone ) and we mystery bidder . 123 pull back to reveal a small bridge arc over the room . a american general , a russian commissar , a sheik , and a dictator all watch on from above . woodrue I give you the future of military conquest . a scrawny prisoner in a too-large tank suit be drag into the room by several gun-tote capo and shackle to the gurney . his bald skull be adorn with three surgically implant duct . woodrue May I present Antonio Diego , serial murderer serve life in prison and sole survive volunteer . Diego spit . woodrue and what a charmer he be . 124 wider . Pam slip in , unseen , hide behind a stack of circuit box , watch on as woodrue lift the jar of milky venom . woodrue the super solder serum , code name venom , patent pend of course . woodrue pour the venom into a high - tech injector pack strapped to the back of the gurney . he lift a open-front black and white mask attach by snake tube to the injector pack . woodrue notice the hassle free zipper . he pull the oversize mask over Diego 's head , tube fitting into the duct in he skull , zip the fabric close over he face . woodrue ( lift a remote ) time to scream . he hit a control stud on the remote . the injector pack begin pumping the milky venom into Diego 's skull . Diego scream . 125 something strange happen to the prisoner . his chest begin to enlarge . his neck become thick . he forearm grow . woodrue behold , the ideal kill machine . I call this little number ... bane . bane of humanity . imagine it , you own personal army make up of thousand of this super soldier . bid begin at a mere 10 million . woodrue up the venom flow . impossibly the prisoner grow larger . Arm and leg shackle SNAP . bane lurch for the venom pump , smashing console , sparking component raining down around Pam . pam scream . as capo rush to subdue bane , woodrue stride to the daze Pam . woodrue welcome to my parlor . 126 int . corridor - walking woodrue be escort a nervous Pam back towards she lab . woodrue ... we original sponsor have no stomach for military application . he cut the funding for we work - pamela we work ? woodrue without you research , I could never have come this far . join I . the two of we , entwine , side by side ... they have arrive at Pam 's workshop . woodrue open the door . 127 int . pamela' workshop - continuous pamela join you ? I have spend my life try to protect plant from extinction and now you corrupt my research into some maniacal scheme for world domination . when I get through you will not be able to get a job teach high school chemistry , do you hear I , you psycho ? woodrue well , I can respect you opinion . woodrue shove Pam viciously backwards into the inter - connect table , plant and poisonous beast raining down on top of she . woodrue sadly , I be not good at rejection . woodrue begin pull shelf of cage and bubbling beaker crashing down atop the struggle Pam , bury she and all she specimen entirely . woodrue I be afraid you will have to die . 128 woodrue - close . smile as the sound of Pam 's struggle be finally silence . he turn , head back into the hallway . woodrue ( loud ) fellow maniac , bid begin ! 129 int . batcave - night Bruce stand with Dick , now wrap in a blanket , steaming mug in hand , watch the main monitor . bruce gotham University lab . Security video . two year ago . 130 screen - close . the image of a dazzle hi-tech lab - oratory . a beautiful young woman ( nora fry ) lay on a gurney . a scientist work a bank of control over a smoking vat of cryonic solution . handsome , the intense gaze of genius , the man freeze once be . bruce Dr. Victor fries two time Olympic decathelete . Nobel Prize winner in molecular biology . after he wife contract a rare disease , mcgregor 's syndrome , he hope to freeze she in cryogenic sleep until he could discover a cure . here 's where everything go north . alarm flash . a panel explode . fries be blown into the vat of cryogenic solution . bruce that liquid be fifty below . fries scream , engulf in the mist of the cryonic solution , he skin now freeze , bluish , he hair brittle , all but go . dick that 's gotta hurt . bruce somehow he survive . but the cryoslution mutate he body . 131 the display show a turn schematic of fries . dick what happen to he wife ? bruce presumed dead . no one know . the display now show a turn Mr. freeze . compartment in both suit sleeve be highlight , flash diamond shape within . bruce he need extreme cold to survive . his cryo-suit use diamond enhance laser to keep he at zero degree . dick let I get this straight . a brilliant citizen , disfigure by a horrible accident , re-emerges as a psychotic super- villain bent on theft , revenge and destruction . you see a pattern here ? bruce < maybe it 's something in the water . Bruce return Dick 's smile . bruce well , if it 's ice the iceman want ... Alfred ! 132 int . costume vault - continuous Alfred stand near the costume , clutching a console , a man in intense pain . he let the wave subside , regains he composure . 133 int . batcave - continuous Alfred emerge as if nothing be wrong . bruce I need the Wayne diamond . dick we gonna trap ourselves a snowman ? bruce absolutely . just as soon as you take ten hour training in the simulator . dick whoa , I make a mistake . I be sorry . do not go all protective on I . it will not happen again . bruce Dick , you be reckless . you could have be kill . dick I be fine . see. me. here . alive . how be we gonna work together if you be never go to trust I ? alfred how , indeed ? Bruce stare at the two of they . he smile a wry smile . bruce when do I become the bad guy ? 134 int . back staircase - walking Bruce and Alfred travel the wind stair that lead from the batcave to the top of the house . bruce he 's over - eager , impulsive . I can not trust he not to get hurt . alfred perhaps the truth be you do not really trust anyone . bruce do not tell I you be on he side . again . alfred despite all you talent , you be still a novice in the way of family . Dick follow the same end as you but get there by he own course . you must learn to trust he . for that be the nature of family . they step through a doorway into ... 135 int . alfrede quarter - night - continuous bruce I trust you , Alfred . Alfred seem oddly pain by Bruce 's word . alfred but I sha not be here forever . Bruce stare at Alfred a beat . but Alfred just smile . alfred good night , master Bruce . 135a ext . wayne manor - hallway Bruce exit he butler 's room . look to the end of the hallway . 135b a younger bruce , no older than ten come racing around the corner , trip , tumble to the wooden floor . another figure step out behind he . alfred , decade young , kneel by the boy , brush off he knee , give the boy comfort . 135c back to scene bruce - close . blink away the image from the past , only the fragile ghost of memory , move off down the empty hallway . 135d int . alfrede quarter - night Alfred sit at he computer , activate the screen . he lift a CD , slip in into the disk drive , begin to type . computer override engage . Copying protect file . Alfred lift a micro-recorder . alfred still unable to reach you . have vital information you must see ... 136 screen - close . the file Alfred be copying . batmobile design . batsuit schematics . all downloading onto the small disk . 137 ext . south american jungle - prison morte - night a full moon shine over the hide complex . 138 int . tented greenhouse lab woodrue stand at Pam 's workstation , talking on he portable phone as he rifle through she research . woodrue yes , sir , I be so pleased you win the bid , you Supreme ruthlessness .. ( over ) bane scream in the distance . woodrue we be make the final modification on bane right now . we will have a thousand super soldier out to you tomorrow by overnight mail ... 139 he hang up . hold on a patch of ivy in the b.g. perfectly still . suddenly the leave rustle , as if be move from beneath . woodrue turn as a figure burst , fast , from beneath the brush . magenta hair . chlorophyll green eye . ravaged clothes revealing the form and demeanor of a goddess . the woman who be once pamela isley smile , move forward . woodrue Dr. isley ? pamela ? you look great . especially for a dead woman . pamela hello , Jason . I think I have have a change of heart . her lip glisten . she lean in and kiss he . pamela quite literally . I do not think I be human anymore . the animal - plant toxin have a rather unique effect on I . they replace my blood with aloe , my skin with chlorophyll and fill my lip with venom . woodrue begin to choke . he fall , clutching he throat . pamela oh , and Jason ? one other thing . silly I , I probably should have mention this earlier . I be poison . ( shrug ) it 's a jungle in here . 140 Pam spill beaker of chemical onto the floor . she throw a bunsen burner to the ground , the lab suddenly in flame . pamela let the flame touch the sky . for I be nature 's arm , she spirit , she will . Hell , I be mother nature . the time have come for plant to take back the world so rightfully ours . because it 's not nice to fool with mother nature . something catch Pam 's eye . Pam lift a break beaker on it , the wanye enterprise logo . ( over ) bane scream in the distance . pamela come , bane darling . we have get a plane to catch . 141 ext . snowy cone ice cream factory - night a abandon ice cream factory build in the shape of a snowman 's face , a drip cone stick onto the giant snowball head . 142 int . snowy cone ice cream factory abandon . always freezing . Ice sculpture everywhere . freeze walk the bowel of the old factory . icemen in parkas and snow bunnie eat freeze dinner , guffawing as they watch tv . the sexiest bunny sidle up to freeze . ms. B. haven freezy , I be feel ... hot . freeze I find that unlikely . ms. B. haven okay , my hair be brittle , my skin be dry and I do not care . I would weather blizzard to have you . you be the most perfect man I have ever know . freeze to be freeze . to never change . a life of perpetual ice-olation . there be little perfection in that . ms. B. haven ( push closer ) what say we turn up the heat ? freeze you be skate on thin ice . my passion thaws for my bride alone . ms. B. haven forget you frosty femme . this lip be wet and ready to get frostbite . freeze hop away little bunny . before I cool you jet . permanently . the Bunny storm off . freeze I wonder how cold I can get my shower ... frosty ! freeze 's faithful aide , frosty , appear by he side . freeze everyone be always have a good time . except I . try as I might , can find no pleasure . perhaps my heart truly have turn to ice . 143 freeze lift he gun and fire , freezing frosty solid . freeze well , that be fun . there 's hope for I yet . 143a freeze stare at he freeze aide a beat , change the set on he gun and fire , a thawing beam melting frosty so he stand now , soak and drip like a wet cat . 143b freeze turn on he heel . frosty follow he past mount file of research . scrawle schematics a icy workshop . freeze do you think I be mad , frosty ? frosty ( wring out he sleeve ) that 's really a judgment call , boss . 145 a flash display on he suit watch read low power . freeze battle the bat exhaust my power . from a safe , freeze take three small diamond , place they in the suit compartment . his power level spike to normal . freeze but I be successful nevertheless . 146 freeze continue to a pedestal atop which sit a machine power by two giant diamond . slot for two more diamond be empty . he remove the giant steal diamond from within he tunic , place the gem in a empty third slot . freeze one more giant diamond of this size and my freezing cannon will be complete . I will hold gotham ransom . unless the city bow to my demand , it 's winter forever here in goat-town . the city father will have no choice but to give I the billion I need to complete my research , to find the cure for ... 146 freeze have come to a freeze wall . freeze leave we . we need quality time . 148 as frosty exit in the b.g. , freeze enter a walk - in freezer , lift a freeze dinner box . a secret vault open . freezes step into ... 148a int . freeze's subterranean cold vault within , a computerize glacier - like sarcophagus bear he freeze wife , a snowflake pendant around she neck . freeze ( touch the glass ) soon we will be together once more . freeze turn towards he research , head back to work . freeze nothing frustrate a man like a frigid wife . 149 int . limbo - night Robin be fight Mr. freeze and he croney . Robin deliver a fast set of spin kick to the thug , fell they like toy . 150 a thug carry a large diamond break free , racing away . Robin leap for the escape thug , put he back to freeze . 151 freeze raise he join fist high above Robin 's head , come down fast . Robin be do for . 152 suddenly batman swing out of the dark , he boot fly into freeze 's chest , send the villain hard to the ground . 153 batman drop to freeze 's chest , hammer a series of punch into he tunic , rendering he unconscious . batman look up at Robin . 154 batman we will be start again now . 155 just then freeze 's hand shoot up , grab batman by the throat . 156 batman pause virtual reality simulation . push in as batman reach towards he cowl . screen wipe to reveal ... 157 bruce wayne - close . pull off a pair of vr goggle . wider Bruce and Dick , also in vr goggle , stand on a empty platform in the back of the batcave . dick I get the diamond . quell problemo , Bruce ? bruce you leave you back wide open . freeze could have kill you . 158 Dick demonstrate a spin back kick that would have drop freeze in he track . dick I have it cover . ( over ) a doorbell ring . dick you know , in the circus , the Flying grayson be a team . we have to trust each other . we have to count on each person to do he part . that 's what be partner be all about . ( loud ) end simulation . 159 ambient light come up in the cave . 160 dick sometimes count on someone else be the only way to win . ( over ) the doorbell ring again . dick ( puzzle ) where 's Al ? Dick head for the door . bruce ( follow ) could not we just for once pretend that I be the teacher and you be the student ? 162 int . wayne manor - foyer - afternoon column of dance sunlight fill the giant entryway . Dick go to the front door as Bruce meet Alfred emerge in the b.g . alfred I must have doze off . my sincerest apology , sir . bruce no apology necessary . that 's the first time in thirty year . Bruce smile , but he can not take he eye off Alfred . the butler seem pale , older than usual . dick mystery pizza delivery ? 163 Dick open the door . a young girl stand in the autumn light , beautiful , dress in prim , schoolgirl clothes , barbara wilson . dick please be look for I . barbara I be so sorry to trouble you , but - that 's when the girl sport Alfred . the old man' eye widen . barbara uncle Alfred ? 164 Barbara rush in , past Dick and Bruce , into the old butler 's arm . he hold she close . Bruce and Dick face each other . bruce & dick ( mouth ) uncle ? 165 ext . wayne estate garden - afternoon - walking Bruce , Alfred , Dick , and Barbara tour . barbara how long have it be , uncle Alfred ? alfred ten year . ( to Bruce ) Barbara be not really I niece , sir . she 's joanna Clark 's daughter . bruce of course . Alfred still keep you mother 's picture in he room . dick anybody want to tell we kid in the cheap seat who joanna Clark be ? alfred joanna and I be in love in London . but when I realize we age difference be too extreme - barbara uncle Alfred leave for America . much to my mother 's dismay - alfred eventually she marry a young physician . 166 ext . wayne estate - stable - walking - continuous dick Al 's main squeeze . be she here ? ( off everyone 's look ) I be about to scrape the bottom of my shoe off my tongue , right ? barbara my parent be kill in a auto accident ten year ago . Alfred have be support I ever since . bruce you have ? alfred secret be a virtual prerequisite in this house , do not you think ? barbara I be on break from - bruce oxbridge Academy ? barbara they new computer science division . how do you know ? bruce I recognize the accent . 167 they have come to the garage . a motorcycle sit out front . barbara what be it ? it 's beautiful . the way the sun catch Barbara , she look like a angel . dick you can say that again . ( catch himself ) it 's a competition racer I have be fix up . maybe one day I will show you how to ride . alfred you certainly will not . barbara oh no , that thing frighten I . bruce well , I hope you will stay with we . alfred there 's a lovely inn just down -- barbara all this luxury really be not my style but - ( still eyeing the bike ) I would love to stay . brue then it 's settle . alfred oh , but , sir . so much go on - bruce do not be silly , Alfred . after all , she 's family . 170 ext . gotham airport - tarmac _ night a vintage DC - 3 steam on the runway . pilot descend the gangway . pamela isley , dress as a grieve window , supervise the luggage handlers ' debarkation of a coffin . a immense coffin . pamela be gentle . he 's always be touchy . handler whatever you say , lady . Pam watch the handlers carry the coffin away . she turn , walk off across the tarmac . 171 favor the baggage handlers as they bear the coffin to the terminal . handler ( imitate Pam ) he 's always be touchy . right . 172 a giant fist crash through the splintering lid . the handlers drop the coffin as a figure emerge . bane , wear he full costume , he injector pack strapped to he back . bane lift a handler , begin swinging he like a baseball bat , send the other handlers fly . 173 ext . airport - tarmac a limousine sit at the edge of the runway . a lone businessman approach the wait car . the driver smile , open the door . he businessman climb in to find ... 174 int . limo - night Pam sit sprawle on the back seat , show no small bit of leg . businessman there must be some mistake -- pamela silly darling , there 's no need to pretend in front of the driver . she grab he face kiss he passionately . she let go , the businessman slump to the seat . Dead . pamela Love hurt . in my case it kill . 175 the rearview mirror 176 the limo driver watch on . suddenly a hand reach in snapping he neck , drag out he body . bane climb into the driver 's seat . pamela once around the park . 177 int . alfrede room the door be ajar . ( over ) a gentle knock . Barbara push inside , wear a long terry robe . the room be empty . she notice a pile of envelope on the desk . envelope - close . all address to wilfre pennyworth . Royal Court of mirajanpore . all stamp return to sender . alfred ( over ) I do not know sneaking around be on the curriculum at oxbridge . Barbara start , turn . Alfred step from the shadow in he robe . barbara I be sorry , uncle , I come to tuck you in . and ... alfred you come to tuck I in . that 's quite a switch . ( off the envelope ) I be look for my brother , wilfre . he be first butler to the maharajah of mirajanpore . but mirajanpore be a float court , it travel across India , so wilfre can be rather difficult to find . 178 Alfred tap he computer keyboard . 179 screen - close . full motion image of a resplendent royal court , carry entirely on the back of elephant . barbara ( over ) I guess they do not have fax machine on elephant . alfred I have be try to reach wilfre with no success . as one grow older , one yearn for family . barbara ( she smile ) it 's good to see you again , uncle . I have miss you . alfred as I have miss you . ( kissing she head ) sleep well , child . Barbara head out , close the door behind she . 180 int . hallway - continuous Barbara walk to she room . she pause , wait for the light under Alfred 's door to go out . then she disappear inside . 181 int . wayne manor - barbara' room - continuous Barbara whip off she robe . underneath , a tight black leather motorcycle outfit . she begin pull on sleek black boot . 182 ext . wayne manor - night _ continuous a knotted climb rope tumble out of one of the window . a figure expertly descend into the courtyard below . turn , face now visible in the moonlight . Barbara . 183 int . wayne manor garage - night - continuous kid collect matchbox and corgi . billionaire collect the real thing . Barbara enter , cloak in the shadow , move stealthfully past the myriad card until she come to the row of motorcycle . she stop at a sleek competition bike , climb on , pull a racing helmet from she back - pack , expertly kick -start the engine . 184 Barbara ride out through the open garage into the night . 185 int . snowy cone ice cream factory - night freeze be stand at he computerize work -station , enter data into the keyboard . freeze maybe this time , this new formula , will return you to I . freeze hit a switch . a beat . then a alert panel flash a simple message : test failure . freeze slam the console with he fist . follow freeze as he rise , walk through the open door into ... 185a int . freeze's vault - night freeze stare up at he wife in she freeze sarcophagus , fight back the tear . freeze no cure tonight , my love . forgive I . but soon , I promise you . soon . 186 int . limousine - day Morning . bane drive . ivy sit in the back seat , apply brown contact lense , don a dark wig . pamela isley once more . pamela ( to the Charlie jingle ) kind of hip , kind of wow , ivy. kind of free , kind of now , ivy . 187 ext . gotham observatory - day _establishing a stone and copper observatory in the process of be restore , set atop the bank above the gotham River and the city beyond . 188 int . observatory a immense circular hall under construction . within , a partially install telescope . Bruce stand flanke by he stunningly beautiful date ( julie madison ) , a scientist and he associate , all on a podium back by blueprint , face the PRESS . bruce my father once tell I that to succeed we need only pick we star and follow it . and so Wayne enterprise be donate the world 's most advanced telescope to gotham 's observatory restoration Project . perhaps this telescope will give future generation a chance to find they own star . gossip gerty brucy , be it true this new telescope can see all around the globe ? scientist yes , if you will watch the monitor - 189 a monitor bank - close . a graphic of the earth . equidistant satellite in geosyncronous orbit be highlight . scientist satellite already in orbit allow we to reflect light around the planet . on screen - a graphic ray of light be reflect from a satellite over Australia , to a satellite over the U.S. , and then beam to a graphic of the gotham - base telescope . associate from here we will be able to see the sky anywhere on earth . bruce just do not point it at my bedroom . gossip gerty brucy , you and the exquisite Julie madison have be go out forever . be you plan to tie the knot ? bruce get marry ? I ? no ... julie no !? bruce umm . what I mean be ... no plan at the moment ... julie but soon ... gerty soon ? bruce ah ... sooner or later ... all relationship evolve and ... julie and ? bruce ( to Julie ) can I get some help over here ? Julie smile , turn to the PRESS . the very picture of composure . julie Bruce and I be lucky enough to be recklessly in love . and that be most certainly enough for we . ( to Bruce ) for now . folk laugh , charme . scientist now , if you will all follow I , I will show you the central control grid ... the scientist and associate tour Julie and the Press around the telescope , leave Bruce to confer with two of he aide . guard ( over ) Mr. Wayne ? 190 wider Pam , hair in a bun , face behind glass , cloak in a frumpy suit , be stand behind two door guard . guard she do not have a pass , sir . bruce smile , wave off the guard with a gesture . bruce they be overly protective . you be not go to hurt I be you , ms ... pamela Dr. pamela isley . bruce what can I do for you , Doctor ? a research grant ? a hospital wing ? pamela actually , I already work for you . or do . you arboreal preservation project in South America . bruce we cut we support . a conflict of ideology . Dr. woodrue be a lunatic . pamela I see you know he . bruce that lab be consume by fire last week . how do you manage to escape ? pamela I have here a proposal show how Wayne enterprise can immediately cease all action that toxify we environment . Bruce take the proposal , scan it . Pam 's eye shine despotic . pamela forget the star . look here , at the Earth , we mother , we womb . she deserve we loyalty and protection . and yet you spoil she land , poison she ocean , blacken she sky . you be kill she . bruce you intention be noble , but no diesel fuel for heat . no coolant to preserve food . million would die of cold and hunger alone . pamela acceptable loss in a battle to save the planet . bruce people come first , Dr. isley . 191 the tour have return . Pam turn to the Press . begins to soapbox . pamela mammal . so smug in you tower of stone and glass . a day of reckoning be come . the same plant and flower that see you crawl blind from the primordial soup will reclaim this planet . Earth will be a garden again . somehow , some way , I will bring you man-made civilization to its knee and there will be no one to protect you . Pam 's tirade be so extreme , folk around she laugh . gossip gerty you must be new in town . in gotham City , batman and Robin protect we . even from plant and flower . bruce perhaps you would like to meet they . Bruce nod and a aide hand Pam a invitation . 192 inviation - close . batman and Robin to appear at the flower Ball . bruce the cape crusader be help we auction off a prize diamond to raise money for the gotham botanical garden . just a few mammal do what we can for we world 's plant . gossip gerty so , brucy , will the delicious Ms. madison be you date for the flower ball tonight ? pamela tell I , billionaire , would you warm faster to my plea if I look more like Ms. January here ? bruce although the Wayne Foundation be host the event , sadly I will be unable to attend . thank you all . ( to Pam ) good day , Doctor . Pam watch he go , trail by press . peer at she invitation . pamela batman and Robin . militant arm of the warm - blooded oppressor . Animal protector of the status quo . first I will rid myself of the fur and feathered pest . and then gotham will be mine for the green . 193 int . snowy cone ice cream factory 194 nora and Victor fries kiss at they wedding altar . the 195 video image change to show the couple play with a 196 puppy . nora laugh as she husband crowd beside she . he exit frame , hand she something . nora oh , Victor , it 's beautiful . nora hold she snow - flake necklace up for the camera . place it around she neck , smile up tot he warm summer sun . 197 pull back to reveal freeze sit watch the image on he screen . frosty ( over ) ' scuse I , chief . I get something she you might want to see . 198 frosty stand in the door , newspaper in hand . without shifting he gaze , freeze lift he freezing gun , fire . frosty freezes . freeze I hate it when people talk during the movie . 199 freeze continue stare at the screen . finally the happy image be just too much for he . he fire he gun at the screen , the picture exploding into fly shard of light . freeze one more diamond , my love . one more . 200 freeze rise . he break off the cover of the freeze paper 201 in frosty 's hand . paper-close . Wayne donate diamond to flower Ball . 202 ext . gotham botanical garden - night a immense glass greenhouse set atop the roof of a mighty skyscraper . elegant guest mill admist the star . 203 int . gotham botanical garden - greenhouse - night a hang banner read gotham charity flower ball . a giant beast mask cover the entrance . drummer stomp on congo drum . guest dress as flower . two costume gorillas romp about the room . 203a batman and Robin stand by the stage . robin you think freeze will take the bait ? batman he will be here . 203b atop the stair . the two gorilla have converge on the drummer . one begin dance around , covertly knocking the drummer unconscious with he paw . 204 on stage . the mc walk out , follow by gossip gerty . mc lady and gentlemen . gossip gerty of good Morning gotham and I welcome you to the gem of we evening . 204 two armed guard emerge bear a palette upon which hang a silver necklace support a perfect , grapefruit size diamond . gossip gerty the fame heart of isis , on loan from the Collection of my close , personal friend Bruce Wayne . the mc gesture and several woman step forward dress as flower , each more strikingly gorgeous than the next . mc tonight , on auction , a opportunity to dine with one of we fabulous flower , the fame diamond drape around she neck . gossip gerty ooo , look at all this luscious lovely . let 's start the bid . man # 1 ten thousand for chrysanthemum . man # 2 twenty thousand for lilac . man # 3 thirty thousand for Rose . gossip gerty boy , please . show some gusto . 205 the top of the stair . one gorilla begin to beat the drum . the other remove she paw mitt . her gorilla 's head . from within she gorilla costume , step a vision . skin tight green costume make of leave . Green boot and mask . magenta hair . glow green eye . meet poison ivy , simply the most beautiful woman know to man . 205a robin-close . smile . robin gorilla my dream . 206 ivy lift she green glove hand , both fill with pile of sparkling dust , blow the powder over the startle patron . 207 follow the dust as it spin out in fairy - like spiral , curling through the crowd . 208 the crowd - various shot . folk blink they eye , suddenly bewitch , as ivy tilt backwards , fall into the arm of several jungle clad man on the ballroom floor . 209 ivy saunter over a bridge make of the back of kneel man , through the parting crowd , towards batman and Robin . ivy hi there . mc ( sputtering ) and you be ... ivy poison . poison ivy . 210 batman - close . daze . like a man who 's drunk a quart of love potion . he take she hand . ivy why not send junior to bed early , I could come and take you measurement ? ivy turn now to Robin , offer the other hand . she blow another volley of dust into Robin 's face . ivy on the other hand , youth do have its advantage . endurance . stamina . 211 robin - close . also suddenly smitten , perhaps even harder . ivy why settle for second place ? Robin be a sidekick , a junior partner . if we be a team , you would be the star . forget the geriatric bat . come , join I , my garden need tend . the two help she up onto stage . she turn to the mesmerize mc . ivy I will take it from here , pal . ivy lift the diamond , place it around she neck . ivy some lucky boy 's about to hit the honey pot . I will include a evening of my company for the winner . I will bring everything you see here . plus everything you do not . ( off batman and Robin ) and I will bring my imagination . man # 1 50 thousand for poison ivy - - man # 2 100 thousand for poison ivy - - batman one million - - robin ( sotto voce ) you own it . ( loud ) two million - - the two lock eye . batman ( sotto voce ) you do not have two million . ( loud ) Three million - - robin ( sotto voce ) I will borrow it from you . ( loud ) four million - - ivy you two boy be not go to fight over little old I , be you ? batman reach to he utility belt , draw a batarang . batman five million - - Robin reach to he utility belt , pull a throw bird . robin six million - - gossip gerty be it get nippy in here ? 212 the teeth of the giant mask explose as freeze 's truck 213 smashes into the room from a elevate bridge beyond . 214 stand atop the vehicle , back by swirl mist , freeze , he icemen follow behind . freeze ( draw he gun ) do I use the wrong door again ? 215 batman hurl he batarang , knock freeze 's pistol free . batman and Robin race forward , engulf by the rush force of icemen . he pistol fly into the hand of one of the guest . a thug ram the Guest from behind , the gun bounce into the air . 215a a swarm of armed security guard and guest swamp freeze . 215b freeze when technology fail ... brute force . 215c freeze move like lightning , smashing guard with mighty punch , whipping guest fly across the room . freeze's pistol bounce from Guest , to thug , to Guest like a wildly fumble football , a thug finally tipping the soar - ing gun back towards freeze . 215d freeze alright , everyone , chill ! 216 freeze fire , turn a few guest and several exotic flower arrangement into ice . freeze I should have be a decorator . 217 freeze start for the stage . 218 batman and robin be in mid-melee , fight off a army of icemen . 219 batman smashes one thug three time in the chin . 220 Robin do a spin side kick to another approach villain , then duck , send one villain crash into another . 221 batman grab a thug , throw he to Robin , who punch he back to batman who punch he back to Robin . 222 both punch he simultaneously , the thug fly back through the air . they begin fight they way towards the stage . 223 freeze climb onto the stage to face poison ivy . freeze let I guess , Plant girl ? vine Lady ? Ms. moss ? ivy listen , Captain cold , the suit , maybe , even though silver go out in the 70' . but that boot be unforgivable . what be it with man ? freeze I would love to stand here all day and exchange fashion tip but I be kind of press for time . so hand over the diamond , Garden gal , or I turn you into mulch . ivy pull a handful of dust from she belt - pouch , blow it towards he . the dust swirl around he helmet . ivy frown . freeze pheromone dust . design to heat a man 's blood . do not work on the cold heart . now , if you please ... freeze extend he glove hand . ivy well , if you insist . ivy hand he the diamond . freeze clever little clover . 224 just then one of the thug fly across the room , shashing into the back of the stage . freeze that 's my exit cue . freeze race for he truck . 225 batman and robin dispatch the last iceman , make for the stage . batman ( to Gordon ) you have eleven minute to thaw that guest , commissioner . 226 batman and Robin race after the escape freeze and he man . 227 ivy stare after they . she lift a small souvenir . a tiny glass globe that say welcome to gotham . shake the bauble , the tiny city within suddenly cover by snow . Gordon appear behind she . gordon miss ivy , you have just meet one of the most sinister man in gotham . ivy that 's no man . that 's a God ! Gordon move off as the second gorilla arrive on stage , remove he mask . bane . ivy enough monkey business . we have get work to do . 228 ext . gotham CITY - night a giant statue stand amidst gotham 's sky-scraper . closer . freeze in he Ice truck , two crony truck behind he , race up the interconnect bridge that crisscross gotham 's skyline . 229 int . freeze's truck freeze - Pov . gothamite veer they car off the roadway in he path as freeze spot the statue . he reach for he dashboard . freeze hit a flash gun - shape button on the dash . 230 ext . freeze's truck - night a giant freeze - gun atop the truck fire . 231 ext . gotham rooftop - night the statue' head - close . freezes , the neck of the giant figure exploding in a storm of ice . 232 freeze's truck swerve off the road , leaping through the hole in the statue 's neck and racing onto its shoulder . his crony truck follow , all racing away down the statue 's arm . 233 the batmobile and the redbird follow in close pursuit , blowing through the hole in the statue 's neck . 234 int . batmobile batman - Pov . the freeze vehicle be head towards the hand of the statue . batman hit a button . 235 monitor - close . flash schematics of the various trajectory of the freeze vehicle and they imminent jump from the hand , over the abyss of the city , to the lower rooftop beyond . batman pull back . you can not make the jump . 236 ext . redbird robin I can make it . 237 ext . statue' arm the batmobile be shoot down the arm , the redbird close behind 238 batman pull back . robin I can make it . Robin shoot a wheelie , overtake the batmobile . 239 int . batmobile batman redbird control code . 240 monitor - close . schematics for the redbird flash . batman disable engine . 241 ext . redbird - night Robin 's engine warning - light go on . the motor begin to die . the abyss be come up fast . Robin side - grounds the bike , skidding . 242 ext . statue' hand - night freeze and he croney split towards the separate finger . 243 super-thruster fire and freeze 's truck clear the jump , landing on the sloping roof on the other side of the abyss . 244 his crony truck follow , take different finger , fly into the air towards the rooftop beyond . not high enough . 246 ext . rooftop abyss - night one crony truck blows into a elevate billboard , the other exploding into the oppose building . 246a ext . rooftop freeze 's truck hit the roof , break screeching , spin 180 degree , he freeze gun now point back over the abyss . 247 ext . statue' hand the redbird slide dangerously close to the end of the finger and the abyss below , finally come to a halt as 248 the batmobile rocket its engine and roar past , fly over the chasm . 249 robin stand on the fingertip , shout he rage into the night . 250 ext . rooftop abyss the batmobile soar over the abyss towards freeze 's truck . 251 int . freeze's truck - night freeze it 's a cold town . freeze hit the flash gun - shape button on the dash . 252 ext . freeze's truck - night the freeze - gun fire its deadly blast , hit the batmobile . 252a ext . statue' hand - night Robin watch as the fly batmobile begin to ice over from freeze 's cryonic blast . 254 int . batmobile the control be freeze . a monitor flash : system failure . 255 batman - Pov . the windscreen be cover with ice . 257 ext . rooftop abyss the batmobile be fall across the abyss like freeze sculpture . suddenly the windscreen explode as batman be catapult through the glass like a torpedo , fly into the air high above the busy city . 257a ext . lower rooftop the freeze batmobile drop to the safety of the rooftop on the other side of the abyss . 258 ext . night sky batman flip , angle down , whipping he cape open like the wing of a giant dark angel , riding the urban wind in a racing glide towards freeze 's truck below . 260 int . freeze's truck - night 261 the shadow of the bat fall over the open cab of freeze 's truck . freeze uh-oh . 262 freeze - Pov . batman , cape extend , soar directly over the cab . 263 ext . freeze's truck batman smashes through the glass driver 's dome , wrenching freeze out of the cab , and soar towards ... 267 ext . lower rooftop batman land stand in the moonlight , a stunne freeze roll out of he cape , diamond still in hand . batman I be put you on ice . 268 ext . wayne manor - night - vfx the moonlit mansion sit on its clifftop perch above the river . push in as a portion of the cliff burn away to reveal ... 269 int . batcave - night Bruce and Dick argue . dick I could have make the jump . batman you could have splatter you brain on the side of the building . dick this be no partnership . you be never go to trust I . batman trust you ? you can not even keep you head on the job . all you could think about be poison ivy . dick you just can not stand that she might have want I instead of you ; that 's you idea of friendship , be not it , Bruce ? you have to have everything . you house . you rule . you way or the highway . it 's batman and Robin not Robin and batman . I be sick of it . Dick be right up in Bruce 's face . bruce yes it 's my rule . my rule that keep we alive . and if you want to stay in this house and on this team then you will abide by they . 270 int . alfrede quarter - night Alfred be complete a cassette tape . alfred I have try every address I know for you . I be praying this reach you . we have very little time . Alfred put the tape in the envelope . ( over ) a knock . Bruce enter . alfred congratulation on you apprehension of Mr. freeze . batman monopolize the evening news . bruce thanks . but the billionaire seem anything but celebratory . alfred be there something wrong , sir ? bruce Alfred , be I pighead ? be it always my way or the highway ? alfred why , yes , actually . death and chance steal you parent . but rather than become a victim , you have do everything in you power to control the fate . for what be batman if not a effort to master the chaos that sweep we world , a attempt to control death itself . 270a bruce - Pov . out the window , young Bruce and Alfred lay wreath on a windy grave . Alfred put he arm around the boy , hold he close . 270b back to scene bruce but I can not can I ? alfred no , my boy . I be afraid none of we can . 271 int . wayne manor garage - night the competition bike 's headlight go out . 272 wider Barbara walk the bike steahtlfully back into the garage . 273 a hand touch she shoulder . Barbara move fast , flipping the assailant over she shoulder in a expert judo move . 274 she spin to face ... Dick . floor in every sense of the word . Barbara 's demeanor suddenly change . all school girl politeness . barbara oh. I be so sorry . I would just never see anything like it . so massive . I take it out for a spin . I do so hope I do not inconvenience you . ( off he look ) ah yes , the outfit . for a... costume party . just try it out . one never know how leather will wear . ( help he up ) judo lesson at school , you know . all the rage , really . I suppose they have take better than I think . again , my great of pardon . she 's go before Dick have a chance to speak . he stare after she . all be not as it seem in Wayne manor . 275 ext . arkham asylum - night moonlight illuminate the familiar castle out of nightmare . 276 int . arkham asylum corridor several armed guard be roll a giant sub- zero refrig - erator on a gurney , the door chain and padlock shut . freeze be jamme inside , face visible through the tear off freezer compartment door . head guard you be the common cold . and we be the cure . welcome home , frost face . freeze allow I to break the ice . my name be freeze . learn it well for it be the chill sound of you doom . 277 int . arkham asylum - freeze's cell - night glow ring on the floor and ceiling project a shimmer - ing column of snow cold within the center of the room . two guard dump a suitless freeze out of he frigidaire prison onto the floor , begin drag he into the cold field . 278 freeze throw off the Guards in a sudden fury , smashing one in the head with close fist , kick the other in the face . 279 he rush for the door . mistake . as he body pass out of the hypothermic field , he tumble to he knee , he skin turn gray as he begin to wither and die . guard ( over ) look at he stew . how do you like you bad guy , medium or well do ? 280 the Guards stand over he , laugh as he crawl back over the file threshold . his color begin to return to normal . guard # 2 get use to it . you be gonna be here a very long time . freeze look up at the Guard who stand now at the wall sink , wash he hand . a beat . then freeze smile . freeze I be afraid not . you see the mean of my liberation be in you hand . sadly , you will not live to see it . 281 ext . gotham alley - night the entrance to a abandon turkish bath-house . ivy and bane approach a board - up portal . ivy batface and birdbrain turn out to be more resistant to my love dust than expect . no matter , I will give they a stronger dose . next time , they will literally be die for I . 282 bane smashes through the wooden board with join fist , two by four splintering like balsa . they disappear inside . 283 int . blossom STREET turkish bath - night abandon . mid-eastern furniture crumble . slave and sycophant cover the wall , weep color . ivy a fixer-upper , yes . but with a certain homey charm . that 's when the shadow in the cave begin to move . one slip across the doorway . more appear on all side , encroach . ivy ah , a minus . current tenant . one figure step into a column of moonlight . pale . the toughest of urban predator . this be a gang of punk call the golum . golum hello , pretty . ivy hello yourself . I love this place . I hope it 's priced to sell . golum we love you . you look good enough to eat . ivy oh , that I be . come and get I . if you can . the golum close in . ivy slam the activation stud on bane 's chest . 284 bane - close . venom be pump from he backpack through the tube on he back into he skull . 285 the golum attack . but bane hurl they off like animal . kick and beat they , toss they into wall , until the survivor race away . ivy for the strong , silent type , you be most persuasive . let 's redecorate . ( crossing the bath ) first , the light be all wrong . 286 bane rip a hang board from the ceiling , the old wooden plank tumble to the floor , sudden moonlight stream in from above . ivy also , what be this floor ? 287 bane stomp the floor , now revealing the dirt beneath . ivy au natural . still , I have always hanker for something on the water . 288 bane smashes a water main with he foot , irrigate the soil . ivy now a little color . it take God seven day to create paradise . ivy withdraw a handful of tiny seed from bane 's satchel . ivy let 's see if I can do better . 289 ivy drop the tiny plant on the ground . they begin to sprout into vine that spawn fast - budd flower . ivy lift the welcome to gotham bauble in she hand . ivy bane , I have find a fellow who strike my fancy . a cool customer , yes . icy demeanor , no question . but I detect a certain ruthless charm I may be able to use to my advantage . ( off the dead thug ) 290 int . wayne manor - live room - night candlelit . a table set for two . Alfred fill Bruce 's wine goblet , walk away . his forehead bead with sweat . a man hide pain . 291 bruce - Pov . across the table sit ivy . she lick she lip . ivy Bruce ? Bruce blink . look again . not ivy at all but Julie . julie you be not even listen to I . bruce what ? I be sorry . you be say ... julie we have be go out over a year now and ... okay , here go . Bruce , I want to spend my life with you . ivy saunter up behind Bruce , run she hand down he chest . Bruce rise , shaking off the vision . go over to Julie . bruce Julie , I be not the marrying kind . there be thing about I you would not understand . julie I know you be a dedicated bachelor . that you have have a you wild night . bruce Wild do not exactly cover it . julie but there 's nothing you have do under the cover of darkness I could not learn to understand . bruce I would not bet on that . julie I be betting on you . you will make someone a good husband one day . but I can not wait around forever . do not answer now . just think it over . ( lean close ) here 's some food for think . they kiss passionately . Bruce open he eye . he 's kissing ivy . he recoil . but it 's only Julie before he , look up , puzzle . julie who 's ivy ? bruce what ? julie you just call I ivy . who 's ivy ? bruce I wish I know . 292 int . batcave - robin' costume vault - night ( over ) loud music . various magazine cover of Robin . Dick be at he computer terminal , stare at a monitor . 293 monitor - close . a newsphoto of the flower ball survivor . dick enhance detail , 14 to 19 . a corner of the screen be highlight , the image expands . ivy . dick who be you ? ( over ) a alarm sound . the screen suddenly change to a image of Barbara climb out of she window , rappelling down a exterior wall . computer alert ! unauthorize motion within specify parameter . dick get ya ! Dick be up fast , head for the door . 295 int . wayne manor garage - night - minute later Barbara have don she leather once again . she mount the competition bike . kick-start the engine , peel out into the night . Dick roll another racer out of hide in the shadow . pull on he rack helmet . he kick he engine and start after she . 296 ext . gotham alley - night group of motorcycle gang have gather . each be represent by a single racer . leather clad . costume . dyed hair . pierce face . boy and girl for whom speed be a drug , the street they home . Barbara pull up she bike . a rider ( banker ) look she up and down . barbara what 's the entry fee ? banker two-fifty . Barbara nod , hand the cash . another biker ( spike ) step forward . spike you get a handle ? barbara folk call I Three - jump . spike you be the babe win the tunnel run two night ago . that be trike racing . this be the big time . maybe you should ride my hog instead . Barbara smile . barbara how about a side bet ? as spike and Barbara move in line beside the other racer , another helmete racer emerge from the shadow to pay he entry fee . his face hide by he helmet , Barbara can not see that it 's Dick . the racer , all helmete , be in they start position . engine be revved . banker raise a pistol in the air and fire . 298 biker shoot into the street . some go over the top of 299 car , other across the top of stoops . Barbara watch as a biker beside she careen into a exploding pile of trash can . 300 two biker be go neck and neck towards a racing 301 truck . they split at the last instant , fly up off park 302 car , then hit the ground , one spinning out , the other take a position at the front of the pack . 303 Barbara , spike , two other hold the lead , leave the rest in the dust . one of the biker hit a oil skid , fly into a fireball . 304 the finish line be a series of flash yellow warning beacon atop the incomplete construction of a draw - bridge in the near distance . the race be down to three , Barbara , spike and a third biker , all racing now onto the bridge , rivete steel beneath they wheel . 305 the finish line be come up fast , and just beyond the line of flash cone , a abyss separate the two as yet unconnected side of the bridge . the trick be to cross the finish line first , but not so fast you can not brake before go over the edge into the water below . 306 spike be try to keep up . but he 's come up on the finish line too fast for he taste . spike crazy broad . 307 he hit he brake , slow , fall out of position . Barbara look across to see the racer on the other side . Barbara can not see he face , but it 's Dick . 308 the finish line be come up fast . instead of brake , both gun they engine . 309 the finish line - close . Barbara fly over the line , Dick a hair behind she , and then both shoot over the edge of the unfinish bridge , into the air , soar high above the abyss . 310 Dick 's front wheel hit the metal roadway on the other side of the gap , spin rubber catch steel . 311 Barbara 's front wheel hit the edge badly , roll backward . 312 Dick spin over he shoulder , see what 's happen . Barbara 's bike be lose purchase , slip backwards over the edge . 313 Dick ditch he still move bike and helmet , roll off on tuck shoulder , leaping towards the edge as barbaras bike finally slip , she and she hog tumble downward into the abyss . 314 Dick 's jump send he over the edge , hand extend , foot catch the lip of the bridge , hand grab Barbara 's ankle , she bike plummete beneath she as she helmet fall into the water below . 315 Dick hang by one foot , hold a dangle Barbara by she ankle . dick so , this be where you hang out . 316 ext . gotham bridge - night Barbara stand in the b.g. receive she winning from banker and spike . Dick rights he bike as she approach . barbara I could have make it , you know . I do not need you help . dick whatever you say , lady . it 's all in a day 's work for I . Barbara try to hand Dick she winning . barbara this be to replace the bike I lose . I will get you the rest . dick keep it . barbara of course , Dick grayson , ward of the fabulously wealthy Bruce Wayne . why would you need a few hundred dollar ? dick hey , what 's you problem ? barbara I guess , the truth be I be just not comfortable with the idle rich . even when they try to act like heroes . Dick pat the back of he seat . dick well you better get comfortable real fast , sister . Cause we have only get one bike and it 's a long walk home . 319 int . wayne manor - garage Dick and Barbara dismout . barbara I start racing after my parent die . there be something about the speed , the danger , that take I out of myself , that make the hurt go away . you would not understand . dick you would be surprised . barbara Street racing be not exactly a acceptable major at oxbridge . they kick I out . it do not matter . I have win enough money to do what I have always dream . dick just do not tell I you be hope to run away and join the circus . they head towards the entrance tot he house . barbara Alfred have support I my whole life . now I be go to pay he back . I be go to liberate he from he dismal life of servitude . dick what be you talk about ? barbara servant , Masters , it 's ridiculous . Alfred be the sweetest , most noble man alive and he 's subjugate all he life and dream to someone else . 320 int . wayne manor - foyer - walking - continuous dick Alfred and Bruce be like family . barbara pay someone to prepare you meal and do you laundry and clean you dish , you call that family ? dick Alfred 's happy here . barbara happy . ( a beat ) you honestly do not know , do you ? you can not even see what 's in front of you own eye . they have reach the main stair . Dick stare at she puzzle . barbara look at he skin . at how he 's hide the pain all the time . can not you see it ? Alfred 's sick . and with that , Barbara disappear upstairs . Dick stare after she . bruce ( over ) alfredus not sick . Bruce step from the shadow . sit now at the foot of the step . bruce he 's die . and I can not deal with it . dick but he 's never say a word - bruce you know Alfred . he would never say anything . but I can tell . until you come along , Alfred be the only family I ever have . without he , I do not know how I would have survive . he save my life , Dick . and I have never tell he . dick talk to he , Bruce . there 's nothing worse than lose someone without tell they how you feel . bruce I be scared , Dick . maybe for the first time in my life . I be really scared . 321 int . arckham asylum - freeze's cell - night freeze stand within the anti-thermic field , craft a tiny ice sculpture of he wife . he lift the miniature gearwork from a alarm clock , place the ice sculpture atop of it , the statuette beginning to turn . he cover the figure with a drink glass . guard ( over ) hey icehead , you get a visitor . 322 wider a guard stand by the door . guard you sister 's here to see you . 323 freeze - close . puzzle . freeze ( to himself ) sister ? the second Guard enter , follow by a woman in a cloak . none other than poison ivy . 324 int . arkham lock - up - night a tiny basement room with a single bar window where prisoner 's effect be keep . mannequin display familiar costume , joker 's , riddler 's , freeze 's . 325 a guard sit against the wall , watch tv . suddenly two fist smash through the cement wall and grab the chair , wrenching the seat Guard through the wall in a storm of dust . bane enter , walk to freeze 's suit . 326 int . freeze's cell the two Guards stand by the console as the door seal behind Pam . guard do not mind we , mar 'am . you can converse freely . but Pam be not interested in freeze , instead walk to the Guards . pamela oh , I do not mind you at all . Pam begin a saunter around the room , shed she cloak to reveal she skintight ivy costume . pamela you be not that attractive . pretty average I would say . but you fantasy be not average , be they ? 327 int . arkham hallway - hallway ( over ) alarm . bane , roll freeze 's suit in a shopping cart , barrel down the hallway , knocking Guards and doctor into wall . 328 int . freeze's cell Pam 's saunter have bring she back to the two mesmerize Guards . ivy Men . the most absurd of all godus creature . we give you life and we can take it back just as easily . she hold one Guard 's chin in each hand . leans in to kiss they . ivy what if I tell you one kiss from I would kill you ? guard right guard # 2 whatever . ivy I really be to die for . she kiss first one , then the other . they choke , fall . Dead . freeze impressive ivy well , I , my most unabominable snowman , have be impressed by you . in fact I propose a pair . so I be here to set you free . freeze a entice offer . but what do the lady want in return ? ivy let 's cool it for now . there 's someone I want you to meet . 330 ivy press a button and the door slide open . bane run in , wheeling freeze 's suit . ivy seal the door behind he . freeze ah , a laundry service that deliver . bane roll the cart across the cryonic field . freeze begin to dress . ivy I love that belt . what be you , about a fifty Big and tall ? freeze I always go a size smaller . make I look slimmer . 331 freeze - Pov . his watch like status display show he power supply . dangerously low . auxiliary power only . freeze open he sleeve compartment . empty . freeze they have confiscate my generator diamond . I be run on empty . 332 ( over ) the shout of approach Guards . the flame of a laser torch begin to cut around the side of the front door . 333 / ivy hit the venom pump . bane lift he fist and try 334 to shash the far wall . it do not break . ivy not good . 335 ( over ) the shout of more Guards come down the hall . freeze reach for he holster . empty . freeze no gun . how disarming . ivy I wonder if I can get a cell with a view of the garden ? freeze dear daisy , do not despair . 336 freeze walk to a sink set into the cell wall . he turn on the water . freeze crack he gauntlet seal , cryo - gas hissing out . freeze always winterize you pipe . 337 freeze aim the gas jet at the spigot . pipe around the room begin to freeze , bulg with the cold , freeze water within they split metal , rush towards , cracking , the stone wall . 338 ext . arkham asylum - night the wall of freeze 's turrete isolation tower begin to crack . 339 int . arkham asylum - freeze's cell the wall have split apart , revealing the night beyond . bane , ivy , and freeze look down at the rush river far below . ivy I hate height . 340 the cell door fly off its hinge . freeze you will hate prison more . the three villain jump . 341 ext . arkham asylum - night Three tiny figure plummet towards the fast rush water below . 342 int . wayne manor - night - walking Bruce walk with Alfred through the old house , shutting out light . bruce be you well , old friend ? Alfred stop , stare into he charge 's eye , then turn away . alfred I be as well as can be expect . bruce Alfred , I know you be sick -- I can get you the best doctor . alfred I have see the best doctor --! a gentleman do not discuss he health . it 's not civilized . I hope I have teach you at least that much , young man . Bruce bite back a bitter smile . he know better than to push he when he 's like this . bruce have you ever regret you life work here , Alfred ? alfred attend to heroes ? no sir . my only regret be that I be never able to be out there with you . bruce not all heroes wear mask . Alfred smile . bruce Alfred , if I have never tell you ... I just want to say ... alfred yes ? Bruce look away , fight tear , unable to say the word . 342a bruce - Pov . out the window , a young Bruce play hide and seek with Alfred , the old butler go behind a hedge , then back again . 342b back to scene dick ( run in ) freeze have escape . out the window . the batsignal shine in the night sky . 343 int . limo - night fill with flower . bane sit at the wheel , ivy and freeze in back , watch the snowy cone Ice cream Factory , surround now by a police perimeter . freeze my reserve be exhaust . I must have the gem that power my suit . ivy you be look unseasonably hot . let 's go inside and grab you rock . the batmobile screech up . batman and Robin race inside . freeze in my weaken state I be no match for the bat and the bird . ivy you leave batman and Robin to I . freeze look skeptical . ivy smile seductively . ivy trust I . vegetable magnetism . freeze Fine . while I retrieve my diamond , you and meatloaf will bring my wife to you lair . she 's freeze in - ivy hold it . you never say anything about a wife , freeze or otherwise - freeze move fast , grab she neck , smashing she against the seat back . bane move in but ivy shoos he off with a gesture . freeze you will rescue my wife ivy ok , ok . Ms. ivy to the rescue . now where do I find you brittle bride ? 346 int . freeze's lair Police tag and tapped . batman and Robin examine freezer lab . commissioner Gordon enter , drop a video disk in a console player . gordon there 's no sign he come back here after the escape . we pull this off the surveillance camera at arkham . 346a monitor - close . the three villain dare aerial escape . batman hit a switch . the image of ivy fill the screen . robin she 's definitely part of this . it 's weird , for a while ivy be all I could think about . but then ... batman I know . the feel just vanish . robin I can not believe we be fight over a bad guy . batman bad , yes . guy , no . this be one majorly beautiful evil person . robin I be totally over she . positively . batman I too . great stem , though . robin umm-hmmmm . batman definitely . batman have go to the walk - in freezer . examine a wall of food . he lift a freeze oriental dinner . the secret vault swing open . robin how do you ...? batman ( off the box ) open sesame ... Chicken . 346b int . freeze's vault batman and Robin enter , examine nora fries in she sarcophagus . batman she 's still alive . he 's adapt he freezing technology to reverse mcgregor 's syndrome . ( off a scrolling monitor ) he 's even find a cure for the early stage of the disease . robin can he save she ? batman no . her case be too advanced . but maybe , someday , with more research - 346b fairy -like spiral begin wind through the room . batman and Robin , both daze , follow the dust through a snake passage , wrench open two service door to reveal ... 346c int . snowy cone factory - industrial basement bane stand atop a staircase overlook a industrial basement crisscross by catwalk above giant mixing vat and conveyer belt . he hit a switch , the machinery whirring to life . batman no beauty ... robin just the beast . batman rush the monster . bane sideswipe he , send he fly off the stair towards the basement below . Robin use batman 's distraction to smash into bane 's chest . Robin bounce off , landing hard atop the landing . robin ouch. ( stand ) anymore at home like you ? the two begin to fight atop the stair . 346D int . snowy cone ice cream factory the front door blow open . Gordon and the cop stare up to face Mr. freeze , stand atop the step . freeze I hate uninvite guest . the cop race up the stair towards freeze . he pull a lever mark coolant gas . vent around the room begin to hiss blue freezing gas . 346e int . snowy cone industrial basement batman have land in a giant ice cream mixer . he roll clear of the giant stir arm , flipping out of the vat to face ... poison ivy . she smile , blow a handful of dust into he face . ivy I must confess , the combination of heroic dare - do and a anatomically correct rubber suit put fire in a girl 's ... lip . she lean in to kiss he . batman stare a beat , shake it off . batman why do all the gorgeous one have to be homicidal maniac ? be it I ? 346f batman - Pov . bane be spin Robin over he head . batman race up the step towards he partner . 346g int . snowy cone factory the cop be fight through the hissing coolant gas towards freeze at the top of the stair . freeze reach for another lever . freeze why do not you boy slip into something more comfortable ? 346h the icy stpes - close . SNAP into a steep , curving ramp . freeze punch the lead cop backwards into he shiver cohort , the police tumble in a slip pile down to the floor below . 346i int . industrial basement - top of stair bane hurl Robin down the step . batman smashes into bane , both fall off the platform , take they fight to a catwalk below . 346j int . basement floor Robin stand , behind he a giant miller 's wheel carry plank of wood through a chopper and back up as pallet of popsicle stick . ivy ( over ) her pretty birdie . Robin spin to face ivy . she blow a pile of dust into he face . she begin advance , back he towards the chopper blade . robin give it up . if you throw yourself - ivy ( lean in ) at you ? polly want a kiss ? she lean in , lip purse . 346k on the catwalk overhead bane 's mighty blows back batman towards the edge of the catwalk . Robin look from ivy to batman , grab a strut on the miller 's wheel , the giant cog lift he up towards the catwalk and he partner . ivy I must be lose my touch . 346l int . snowy cone factory freeze be stride through the mist towards he diamond vault . more cop rush he from the hissing gas . freeze move like lightning , whipping billy club from the holster of two police , use they like disconnect nunchuck , knocking the cop unconscious in a flurry of slam and jab . freeze stick around . a cop hit the wall . beside he a button read ; emergency heat . he slam the stud , filament come to life , the room glow red . freeze 's watch begin to flash . no power . 346m int . catwalk bane kick batman off the end of the catwalk as Robin leap onto the villain . Robin and bane begin fight again . 346n int . conveyor belt batman land on he back on a move belt that be feed ancient tub of ice cream into a clown shape flash freezer . ivy jump atop the cape crusader , they face close . ivy you bring out the animal in I . batman I should have bring my leash . ivy enough sweet talk . with that ivy blow another handful of dust into batman 's face . ivy lick she lip . leans in for a kiss . at the last second , batman avert he face , wrenching ivy to the floor just ahead of the clown 's freezing maw . batman ( muster all he will ) you be go to jail . ivy I be a lover not a fighter . that 's why every poison ivy action figure come complete with ...him . bane stand atop a giant storage vat , a daze Robin hang in he hand . bane toss the boy aside , slide , foot first , down a conveyer belt and double fist batman , crashing , into the wall . ivy I be off to find bachelor number two . try not to make a mess when you die . 346o int . snowy cone ice cream factory the room be grow even hotter . freeze stagger towards he diamond vault , he flesh turn ray . with he last strength , freeze wrench open he safe , fill he sleeve power compartment with diamond , he color return . freeze ahh. chill to perfection . freeze hit he watch , the villain now suddenly encase in ice . 346p wider the cop be warming back into action , draw gun , FIRE , bullet bounce off freeze 's armor of ice , ricochete into the wall . freeze superman , eat you heart out . freeze start towards he weapon locker . 346q int . industrial basement bane smashes batman into the wall . advance . at the last second , batman fire a batclub , hitting bane in the head stun he . 346r batman - Pov . ivy be close in on Robin . 346s int . snowy cone ice cream factory the cop rush freeze . the villain whip a small icing jewel from he weapon locker , the floor glow , suddenly cover with ice . the cop begin slip on the glassy floor in classic keystone style , end up sprawle on they back . freeze stand , pulsing with power , this icing cannon now under one arm . he lift he pistol in he free hand . point at the police . freeze all right copper , freeze . he fire . 346t int . industrial basement ivy have Robin up against a giant vat . ivy stop live in the shadow of the big bad bat . you do not need he . ( blow more dust ) you deserve you own legend . you own bright shine signal in the sky . let I guide you . let I ... ( touch he face ) ... touch you . kiss you . he can not resist , about to kiss she . a tiny batarang hit he cheek . batman remember the victim at the airport . toxin introduce through the mouth . robin what be you talk about ? batman why be she so desperate to kiss we ? I be betting she lip be poison . robin a poison kiss ? you have some real issue with woman , you know that ? ( advance ) you just could not stand that she be about to kiss I . ( shove he ) could not stand that something might be mine and not yours . could you ?! Robin shove he harder still . in frustration , batman deliver a fantastic roundhouse , send Robin smashing into a wall . batman damn . batman try to help Robin up . Robin shrug he off , stand . robin ivy 's right . I do not need you . I be go solo . I want my own signal in the sky . batman look around . ivy and bane be go . gordon ( arrive ) what happen ? how would they get away ? but the cape crusader do not have a answer . 347 int . freeze's hidden chamber ivy enter through the snake passage . she turn to face freeze 's wife , still in she freeze sarcophagus . ivy so sorry , Ms. fridigaire . I be just not good with competition . ivy pull the main power switch . status light flash red . 350 int . blossom STREET turkish bath - dawn transform . sunlight stream in through the break ceiling . the ground thrive , now a rich garden . 351 ivy enter , stroll through the garden into a small 352 ante-room where freeze sit over he freezing engine , have zapped the wall with he pistol , the room now a world of ice . ivy make yourself right at home . freeze where be my wife ? ivy there be nothing I could do . batman deactivate she . she 's dead . freeze you lie ! 353 freeze lunge for ivy . bane step between they . mistake . freeze hurl he across the room . ivy still bane with a gesture . ivy I be sorry . ivy reach up , hold the snowflake necklace between she and the loom freeze . freeze stop , take the chain in he hand . freeze they bone will turn to ice . they blood will freeze in my hand . ivy kill they . of course . but why stop there ? why should only batman and Robin die while the society that create they go unpunish ? ivy lift the freeze gotham bauble off the iced table . turn it over in she hand absentmindedly . freeze stare at she . freeze yes . I shall replay the world for sentencing I to a life without the warmth of human comfort . I will blanket the city in endless winter . first gotham and then the world . ivy just what I have in mind . everything dead on Earth except we . a chance for mother nature to start again . ( she lift a flower ) plant and flower be the oldest species on the planet yet they be defenseless against man . sorry hon , this be for science . ( she crush the flower ) behold the dawn of a new age . from a canister label project gilgamesh , ivy remove a savage , other - worldly plant with hissing fang . ivy I have create a race of plant with the strength of the deadly animal . once you have freeze mankind , my mutant will overrun the globe . the Earth will become a brave new world of only plant . and we shall rule they . for we will be the only two people leave in the world . freeze Adam and evil . freeze lift the gotham bauble , hold it on he palm , he gauntlet glow blue , tiny gotham freezing . he crush the city . freeze you will distract the bat and bird while I prepare to freeze gotham . ivy can not we just ice they along with the rest of the citizenry ? freeze that be far too merciful . batman will watch he beloved gotham perish , then I will kill he . ivy as a team , the duncely duo protect each other . but the Robin be young . impetuous . if I could get he alone - freeze one kiss and you could lift the mask from he lifeless face . they secret identity would be reveal . but how best to bait a brid ? ivy the way to a boy 's heart be through he ego . what strapping young hero could resist he very own ... signal ? freeze inspire , Ms. ivy . ivy I be hungry . I think I will have poultry . 393a int . wayne manor - upstair hallway _ evening Barbara and Dick stand talk to a doctor . doctor it 's stage one of mcgregor 's syndrome . I be sorry . all we can do be make he comfortable . push in through a partially open door in the b.g ... 394 int . wayne manor - alfred be room - evening Alfred lay on he bed . Bruce in black tie , kneel beside he . bruce I have spend my whole life try to beat back death . what good be all my heroic now if I can not save you ? alfred everyone die , master Bruce . there 's no defeat in that . Victory come in fight for what we know be right while we still live . 394a Bruce look past Alfred . there in the adjacent suite , a young Alfred finish read to a young Bruce . shut out the light . 394b back to scene bruce I love you , old man . alfred remember this . and remember it always . I be proud of you . and I love you too , son . they embrace . 395 int . wayne manor - foyer ( over ) the doorbell be ringing . Dick follow Bruce downstairs , the billionaire don he coat . dick mcgregor 's syndrome . that 's what freeze 's wife have . bruce yes . but Alfred 's condition be less severe . freeze 's research say he cure a case like Alfred 's . it just do not say how . dick I check the medical database . no one else be even close . bruce I be late for the dedication . then I go after freeze and ivy. alone . dick like hell you do . bruce Dick , do not push I right now . dick or what ? no one can capture ivy but the big bad bat. crap ! you just want she for yourself . do not you ? answer I , damn it ! bruce yes ! yes , I want she so badly I can taste it . that 's the whole point . look at we . orphans . isolate . obsess to the exclusion of life , love , family . we be perfect target . she 's do something to we , get we fight over she somehow . dick hail the all - know Bruce Wayne . here 's what I know , she love I , not you and it 's drive you crazy . it 's why you stop we from kissing . because if you can not have she , nobody can . bruce she 's cloud you mind . you be not think straight . dick oh but I be . for the first time in a long time . I be through live in you shadow . all that end right now . 395a Dick walk away . Bruce stare after he . ( over ) the bell ring again . the front door swing open , Julie enter . a limo sit out front . julie I have be ringing forever . where 's Alfred ? but Bruce do not answer . 395b int . wayne manor - alfrede quarter - night Barbara stand over the old man . barbara I be sorry . I be too late . alfred too late for what , dear child ? barbara I come to give you you freedom , a chance to live the life you choose . the same gift you give I . alfred I have be part of the great adventure ever know . I have find purpose here , and the family I could never have . Alfred smile , be hit by a sudden wave of pain . alfred you must do something for I . Alfred take she hand , put a envelope in she grasp . alfred find my brother wilfre . give he this . I have duty he must fulfill in my stead . only family can be trust . barbara what be it ? alfred it be the heart of two good man whom I have have the honor of call son . take it , child . but I implore you , never open it . ( he touch she cheek ) you look so like you mother . and with that he eye close . barbara uncle Alfred ? 400 int . gotham observatory - night a black tie gala celebrate the telescope unveil . pamela isley stand in the center of the room . alone . her drab outfit and demeanor make she anything but a conversation magnet . Bruce and Julie enter , smile through the storm of flashbulb , and the crowd of PRESS , be greeting guest . commissioner Gordon step away , reach for champagne off a try . voice ( over ) I have always wonder , where do that big old bat light come from ? pamela stand before Gordon . she flip open a compact , blow a pile of love dust , the tiny swirl catch the cop in the face , a bit more hit Bruce who stand behind the commissioner . gordon - close . stun . and suddenly in love . gordon ( stammer ) it 's on top of police headquarters . Pam take Gordon 's arm , lead he like a puppy into a alcove . pamela I would just love to see it . but you probably do not have access . gordon why , I be commissioner of Police . ( patting he pocket ) I have the key right here . 401 bruce , still stand with Julie , amidst the PRESS and well - wisher , seem suddenly distract , begin look around the room . as if summon by a inaudible call , Bruce peel away from a perplex Julie , begin search the crowd . a man on a quest . pam have Gordon against the alcove wall . her finger slip into he pocket . pamela on second think , you be way too old for I . she push a stunne Gordon away , spin , head towards the door , toss something in she hand . Gordon 's key . 402 a hand grab she . Pam spin to face Bruce Wayne . bruce Dr. isley . it be like I could feel you in the room . you be ... enchant . gorgeous . the most beautiful woman I have ever see . if you 're..um ... free ... this evening . julie ( arrive ) Bruce ? what be you do ? pamela I think he 's ask I on a date , in a awkward , stammer sort of way . julie I have hear of commitment anxiety , but this be insane . you be not really proposition another woman right in front of I . be you ? bruce well , define ' proposition ' . the PRESS have notice the conflict , now surround Bruce , Julie and Pam . julie make a choice , Bruce . her or I . bruce well ...um...her . julie ( crestfallen ) you be right . I get it . you be not the marrying kind . you have make you point . Goodbye Bruce Wayne . pamela physical perfection , charm and wealth toss over for a dowdy spinster . how do you explain you behavior ? bruce ( puzzle ) I can not . but perhaps tonight , over dinner ... I have just have a open . pamela maybe you witless playboy persona work on every bimbo du jour but I be not the least bit titillate by you attention . so back off or I will have you in court quick than you can spell sexual harassment . get I ? 402a wider folk be stare . murmur to each other . Bruce be chagrine . bruce do that mean dinner 's a no ? Pam have already push past he , out the door . bruce it 's just I sort of ... kind of ... love you . 403 int . blossom treet turkish bath - freeze's chamber freeze stand , put on he suit . he snap he finger . a legion of icemen step out of the swirl mist . freeze lift he freezing engine . freeze bundle up boy . there 's a storm come . freeze and he battalion head into the night . 404 ext . police hq - roof - night a giant door swing open . bane and ivy emerge onto the roof . ivy let there be light . bane walk to he dormant batsignal , tear it from its shackle . 404a int . wayne manor - barbara' room - night Barbara enter , lose in grief . she sit , turn Alfred 's envelope over in she hand . a long beat . she withdraw a single , silver CD . barbara only family can be trust ? Barbara slide the disk into she computer . computer access deny . protected file . barbara perhaps you do nt give I you gene . but you give I you heart . Barbara begin hack the disk , try to break the code . 406a int .- wayne manor-hallway-night Bruce , still in he tux , enter , sit at the main batcomputer console , distraught , start in to the darkness of the cave . 407a a younger alfred stand with a adolescent bruce , work together over the original batsuit prototype . 407b bruce - close . as the image dissipate to memory . bruce Alfred , old friend , I could use you help right now . alfred ( over ) right here , sir . 408 Bruce spin , stunne . a monitor flicker into life . the word computer simulation flash under a image of Alfred . alfred I anticipate a moment might arrive where I become ... incapacitate . as such , I program my brain algorithm into the batcomputer and create a virtual simulation . Bruce stare a beat . then he smile . bruce it 's good to see you . alfred what seem to be the problem ? bruce woman . alfred that , sir , do not compute . bruce first ivy have a intoxicating effect on both Dick and I . tonight my feeling spread to someone else . alfred specify , please . bruce pamela isley . I be so attract to she I could not reason clearly . I still can not . she use to work for Wayne enterprise . find a file . alfred come on line now , sir . a spin isley appear on the monitor . bruce what be she area of research ? Study and report title scroll up the side of the image . alfred Advanced botany . DNA splicing . recombinant animal plant pattern . pheromone extraction . bruce pheromone ? alfred glandular secretion from animal . scent that create powerful emotion . fear. rage ... bruce Passion . of course . find the photo of ivy after the flower ball . a spin ivy appear beside the spin isley . bruce deconstruct and resolve . schematics of various feature , finger and retina print , height , weight , be highlight and compare . all match . bruce amazing what a good wig and contact lense can do . and I think Clark Kent get away with murder just wear that glass . suddenly alert panel start flash . alarm SOUND . bruce what be it ? alfred it appear , sir , that someone have steal the batsignal . 408a int . wayne manor - night Barbara be still hack away at the disk . computer access code accept . barbara this better be one hell of a secret . she hit a key . a picture begin to reflect in the dark of she eye . barbara oh my God . 409 ext . gotham STREET freeze 's truck screech to a stop , freeze and bane at the helm . freeze no matter what they tell you , it 's the size of you gun that count . 410 pan up the giant telescope of the gotham observatory aim into the night . 411 camera continue up to the heaven as the batsignal appear in the sky . then something amazing happen . the familiar beacon turn blood red , the shape within change from a bat to bird . the robin singal shine over gotham . 412 int . batcave - night the robin signal glow on the central monitor . wider Bruce stand in civvy talk to Dick who be suite up . dick that 's no batlight , it 's a birdcall . bruce her name be pamela isley . I see she talk to Gordon . she must have steal he key , alter the signal - dick and she do it all for I . for love . bruce she 's infect we with some kind of pheromone extract - dick be that it , Bruce ? I be under some magic spell ? bruce she want to kill you . dick you would say anything to keep I away from she . to keep she for yourself . bruce you once say to I that be part of a team mean trust you partner . that sometimes count on someone else be the only way to win . do you remember ? Dick do not answer . bruce you be not just talk about be partner . you be talk about be a family . well , part of we family be die . I be not go to lose everyone I have ever love . so I be ask you now , friend , partner , brother - will you trust I ? 416 int . observatory - tower platform the scientist and he associate stand amidst the debris from the party , testing the telescope . ( over ) a tremendous smashing . on the floor below freeze and bane enter . freeze hi. sorry about the door . be the party over ? bane begin pull charge from he satchel and set they around the room . scientist who the hell be this nutball ? 417 freeze point up , fire a cryonic blast at he , turn he to ice . freeze that 's Mr. nutball to you . half a set of bookend . ( to the associate ) you . go like this . freeze pantomime the scientist 's freeze expression of terror for the associate . the associate , terrify , imitate freeze 's move . freeze no. move you hand up . Higher . now a hint more fear . excellent . 418 freeze fire another blast , freezing the associate in the same position as the scientist . freeze a match pair . sometimes I exceed even my wildest expectation . freeze smile at the mighty telescope . freeze if revenge be a dish best serve cold , then put on you Sunday finest . it 's time to feast . 419 int . batcave - night dark. dormant . the automatic activation sequence engage . ambient light come on . Computers flicker into life . the giant batmobile pedestal begin to rise . on it , no car but a single figure stand now in the center of the cave . Barbara . 419a barbara - close . eye wide with awe . Barbara walk to the main terminal of the batcomputer . touches the console . the Alfred simulation appear on screen . barbara uncle Alfred ? alfred in spirit only , I be afraid . barbara the boy need help . 420 the image of Alfred stare at she a beat . then smile . alfred you mother would be proud . 421 MAIN screen - close . flicker into life . costume schematics turn . alfred forgive my be personal , dear girl , but I must know you size . 421a ext . blossom STREET turkish bath Robin arrive the entrance to the dark bath , lush , invite , mysterious . he pass the giant bird signal chain to the door , the spotlight shutting out as he disappear inside . 422 int . blossom STREET turkish bath giant floral fan spin . leaf curtain undulate . fruit burst with color . in the center of the cave , a giant bed of bud . ivy touch the bud . all instantly blossom . robin ( over ) be you thumb the only part of you that 's green ? ivy look up . a figure stand in the darkness . she smile . ivy you will just have to find out . ivy extend she hand . Robin step out of the shadow . 423 int . gotham observatory - tower platform - night freeze attaches the icing engine to the telescope . bane finish lay he explosive charge , join freeze . freeze Big family ? like pet ? do not talk much , do you ? 424 freeze engage the engine . suddenly the entire pedestal be wash in a blue wave of freezing cryonic energy . 425 ext . observatory - night the ambient ice wave spread down , encase the old structure . the nearby bank whiten , turn into snow cliff , the river freezing into a icy channel . the observatory have transformed into a fortress of ice . 426 int . batcave a series of shot . boot be pull on . a slim utility belt lock . a cape whip over a lithe female back . 427 int . blossom STREET turkish bath ivy sit on the bed , draw Robin down beside she , face close . ivy I be glad you come . I can not breathe without you . robin I want we to be together . but I need to know you be serious about turn over a new leaf . I need a sign . ivy how about dangerous curve ? robin of trust . tell I you plan . ivy kiss I and I will tell you . robin tell I and I will kiss you . ivy freeze have turn the new telescope into a freezing gun . he 's about to turn gotham into a ice cube . robin ( recoil ) I have get to stop he . ivy ( pull he back in ) one kiss , my love . for luck . Robin can not resist . they kiss . ivy pull back , hold he gaze . ivy bad luck , I be afraid . it 's time to die , little bird . robin what do you mean ? ivy you should have heed you pointy - ear pal . this lip can be murder . robin then you never love I ? ivy Love you ? I loathe you bipedal arrogance , you animal superiority . my only joy be know that even now my poison kiss be suck the life from you ape-like face . voice ( over ) I be not say I tell you so . 428 ivy spin . from the shadow , a figure emerge . batman . ivy you be too late . say bye - bye birdie . robin sorry to disappoint you . but rubber lip be immune to you charm . Robin peel a rubber coating from he mouth . ivy stare in dismay . 428a batman Robin and I find the cure to you evil spell . and that 's teamwork . 428b then she scream she rage . she shove Robin into the lily pool , the Boy wonder immediately tangle into predatory vine . 428c more vine wrench batman hang upside down to the ceiling , the stalk squeezing we heroes . ivy sorry , boy , my vine have a little crush on you . ivy begin leaping across lily pad towards the exit . ivy gotta run . so many people to kill . so little time . 431 the skylight - explode . the room fill with moonlight . 432 a figure come flipping down from above . Long cape . tall ear . Black leather . batgirl . batgirl you be about to become compost . 433 ivy and batgirl begin a furious martial art battle . ( choreography to come ) . batman pull a bat-knife , begin cut himself free . robin struggle to untangle himself from the aquatic vine . batgirl be fight ivy , foot fly , hand move like lighting . batgirl use feminine wile to get what you want . Trading on you look . exploit men' weakness for sex . read a book , sister . that passive - aggressive crap go out in the seventies . chick like you give woman a bad name . batman deftly slashes through he captor vine . robin struggle , try to free himself ivy get the upper hand , back batgirl against the wall . ivy as I tell Lady freeze when I pull she plug , this be a one woman show . batgirl I do not think so . 438 batgirl grab ivy 's hair , knock she out with a knee to the forehead , then batcuff she . batman cut himself freed , drop to the floor to face batgirl . robin pull himself , drip , from the pool . 438a batman and you be ? batgirl batgirl . batman that 's not awfully PC . how about batwoman ? batperson ? batgirl it 's I . Barbara . I find the cave . robin we gotta get that lock change . batman she know who we be . robin I guess we will just have to kill she . batman kill she later . we have get work to do . 439 the three heroes race into the night . 440 int . gotham observatory - telescope platform - night freeze stand on the platform , giant telescope in he hand . ( over ) approach sire . freeze 1 - Adam 12 , 1 - Adam - 12 , see the mad scientist with the freezing ray . 441 a squad of cruiser scream up the avenue towards the observatory , they bubble light flash . freeze cop on the rock , anyone ? 444 he fire a giant blue beam of cryonic energy at the street below . 445 the cop car become skid , screeching cube of ice , they shash into each other , explode into a pyre of raging flame . freeze Police be so hot tempere this day . do not you agree , Mr. bane ? 449 ext . frozen river bank a sleek one man ice sail ( the bat ) blow out onto the freeze water . Robin be at the helm . 450 a modify white batmobile on rocket skis ( the bathammer ) , blast onto the ice , fall in alongside the batsle . batman drive . a single-bladed , rocket snowcylce ( the batblade ) , whip onto the ice , fall into the attack line . batgirl helm the craft . the bat -force blast upriver towards the icy observatory . 452 int . gotham observatory - elescope platform - night telescope viewfinder - close . the batvehicle be visible through the lens . 453 freeze ivy fail to unmask the Dynamic Duo . no matter , the bat and Bird be mine at last . watch , batman , as you beloved gotham freeze . and prepare to die . because you be next . freeze point the telescope downtown . he fire 454 ext . gotham STREET - night folk walk they dog , drink on stoops , kissing against alley wall , mailbox , lamppost , the pavement itself , be all suddenly encase in glisten ice . 455 ext . observatory river bank - night freeze ( over ) the bat-allion approach . icemen . attack . freeze's truck burst through the mist , blasting down the freeze river on blade , two pair of icemen hang from tail line on skis , machine gun blazing . 456 int . bathammer - night batman attack plan alpha . batman peel leave . 457 ext . bat - night robin Alpha . Roger . Robin peel right . 458 ext . batblade - night batgirl Alpha . get it . ( a beat ) what the hell be attack plan Alpha ? 459 ext . bat - night robin divide and conquer . Robin be fly downriver . one pair of icemen sweep out alongside the truck , head towards Robin 's billow craft , gun firing . 460 ext . batblade - night a second pair of ski icemen whip towards batgirl , they gun spitting round of shell into the ice around she . 460a ext . freeze's truck side mount rocket launcher FIRE towards the bathammer , blowing hole in the ice . 461 ext . bathammer batman maneuver , manage to swerve around the sudden , steaming pool . he gun the turbos , head straight for the truck . 462 ext . bat the two icemen bear down on Robin release they tether , converge on the batsle , gun firing madly . robin tack . Robin pull the boom and the sail luff . his boat suddenly change course and the two skier collide , fly onto the ice . robin Boy , I hope freeze hire this guy by the dozen . 471 ext . batblade the skier be close fast . batgirl hit a key and a status panel display a menu of the batblade 's special modification . batgirl Nice extras package . 472 panel - close . Barbara select a set call Ice cutter . 473 the batblade scythe peel back , revealing a sharper blade . 474 batgirl use she deat drive skill to spin and side - skid , she blade send a wave of freeze ice into the face of the icemen , the villain tumble in backwards somersault across the ice . batgirl that 's what I call a close shave . 478 ext . bathammer batman be shoot the center of the freeze river , head straight for the ice truck , its side gun blazing . 480 int . bathammer batman hit a control stud . 482a ext . bathammer two torpedoe shoot out of the bathammer chassis , hit the freeze river directly in front of freeze 's truck , ice fly skyward in a tremendous explosion . 482b ext . freeze truck the driver can not swerve in time , the hole in the ice dead ahead . 482c ext . freeze truck the truck hit the steaming pool , flipping up , nose first , and begin to sink into the icy water . 482d int . bathammer batman race past the sink truck , icemen crawl to safety . batman do not sink and drive . 482e ext . frozen river under the pulse of freeze 's beam hit the city , the batvehcile fire turbos , close in on the observatory . 483 int . gotham observatory - telescope platform - night freeze tilt he gun down towards the freeze river below . freeze not so fast . time you cool you heal . freeze fire . 484 ext . frozen river - night the freeze channel ahead of the bat-force be hit by the freezing ray . a giant wall of rock -hard ice form , block - ing the river . 485 int . bathammer - night batman hit a console stud mark : emergency burn . 488a ext . frozen river the bathammer engine roar , the bathammer blowing straight through the freeze wall in a explosion of ice . 488b the badtblade and the bat shoot up the face of the ice wall on either side of the bathammer , soar over the top of the mountain of snow . 488c ext . bat - flying robin youwsa ! nothing but air . 488d ext . batblade - flying batgirl ( to the old 60' batman theme ) batgirl , baatgirl , baatgirl . 488e ext . frozen river the batsle and the batblade hit the ice run , whipping in alongside the speed bathammer . the batvehicle blast towards the observatory . 489 int . observatory - telescope platform - night freeze stare at a monitor . the bat - team be now below the observatory , at the base of the giant ice cliff . freeze Mr. bane , I will finish off the city . you , as they say in showbiz , be on . take the boy and kill the kid . but bring I the bat . 490 a giant clock tower - close . 11:49 batman ( over ) we have eleven minute to stop freeze and thaw the city . pan down 491 ext . ice cliff - night 492 Three tiny figure scale the ice use piton and rope . push in . batgirl this be easy . robin crimefighter 's rule number one : never say that . batgirl why ? 493 the ledge above they . suddenly a score of ice-climbing thug pour over the edge on rope , slide down , firing they gun madly . 494 robin that 's why . 495 a shooter come fly down a rope straight towards they , 496 gun blazing . Robin swing wide on he rope , grab batgirl , pull she out of the line of fire . they hit a snow bank and roll . batgirl do this mean we be go steady ? 497 four figure land on the snow beside they . icemen , gun draw . 498 ext . ice cliff - night batman use batpiton to pull himself up onto a ledge just below the observatory . that 's when another wave of icemen descend on he from the mist . batman reach for a batarang . a beat . then he smile . batman let 's do this the old - fashioned way . batman leave he batarang belt , begin wail on the icemen use only he hand and foot , fly back fist , and spin roundhouse kick fell the thug one after another . 505 ext . ice cliff - night Robin and batgirl move back to back , surround now by a band of icemen . Robin notice a heavily cantilever overhang of snow . robin crimefighter 's rule number two . batgirl I be afraid to ask . robin be ready for anything . 506 Robin put he hand together and yell . the echo shoot up the hill . a tremendous rumbling come back down , the overhang of snow dump on several icemen . 508 Robin do a stand backflip into the thug behind he . 509 batgirl go down , take out several more with a deat leg sweep . batgirl ( kick a thug ) pow ! ( punch another ) what ! ( backhand a third ) kazow ! robin ( fight ) what exactly be you do ? batgirl I do not know . it just feel right . 510 batgirl and Robin begin fight they way through the icemen up towards the observatory . 511 int . observatory - night batman pull himself up onto the aperture ledge as Robin and batgirl climb in from the other side . the giant chamber be empty , the telescope still aim at gotham . batman no sign of the snowman . robin maybe he melt . 512 batman shoot a batgrapple into the ceiling , swing across the room , drop two bat-charge at the foot of the freeze scientist , continue he swing landing on the telescope platform . batgirl and robin swing onto the telescope platform to join batman . 513 the bat charge begin to glow , they radiating heat start to melt the scientist . 513a batgirl I hope you have get about ten million more of that little toy . 514 batgirl point at the control console clock . 11:52 515 robin eight more minute and a city full of gothamite be ice cube forever . batman sunlight could reverse the freezing process . batgirl sunrise be not for five hour . batman here . robin but it 's morning in the congo . 516 batman point to a screen show a graphic represent - tation of the satellite in orbit . batman if we could relay the sunlight - robin from the other side of the equator - batgirl it will take the satellite about a minute to re-align , but ... damn ! robin damn ? damn be not good . batgirl that target mirror be freeze . the sun beam will not work . 517 pull back to reveal two SMALL mirror sit on the telescope barrel . both be encase in ice . batman I will set the telescope . you two thaw the mirror . 518 batgirl and Robin race out onto the telescope , each pull a laser from they utility belt . batgirl I love this belt . can I get a match handbag ? 519 they lasers flare . batgirl and Robin begin thawing the mirror . 520 batman go to the main console , begin work the keyboard . batman who ever think aunt harriet 's type lesson would lead to this ? 521 ext . earth - view from space Satellite thruster FIRE . the giant orbital mirror begin to turn . 522 int . observatory monitor - close . graphic satellite begin to adjust . targeting flash over a blink graphic of gotham a digital clock read : 11:54 . 523 batman - Pov . as he aim the telescope . the skyline 524 through the crosshair be suddenly obscure by a blur as freeze drop from the rafter onto the telescope , he face now visible in the target scope . freeze tonight 's forecast ... ( smile ) ...a freeze be come ! 526 freeze grab batman and hurl the cape crusader up over he head onto the telescope barrel , use he free hand to yank the telescope control joystick . the telescope tilt sharply downward . 527 batgirl and robin tumble down the telescope barrel , roll towards the lens and the drop to the city below . 528 batman tumble , rights himself , spin . 529 batman - Pov . freeze be climb towards the control 530 console . batgirl and Robin be roll towards the end of the telescope . 531 no way to get both . a beat . batman rush towards freeze . 532 ext . observatory batgirl and then Robin tumble off the end of the 533 telescope , drop towards the city below . 534 int . observatory - telescope platform freeze have reach the main telescope control . he hit a switch . 535 monitor - close . graphic satellite blink red under the flash message : target lock disabled . clock read : 11:56 535a ext . space thruster quit as the satellite stop turn . 535b int . observatory - telescope batman be struggle up the slope of the telescope towards freeze . 535c freeze pull the control level . the telescope begin to tilt and spin madly , the ambient condensation create a indoor snowstorm . batman go down , hang from the telescope frame . 542 ext . observatory batgirl be plummete towards the city below . Robin be 543 fall a couple of foot above she . he fire a bat tether over he head . 544 robin' grapple secure in a glacier- like overhang . 545 robin reach down for batgirl as batgirl reach up towards he . 547 int . observatory - telescope batman flip himself back up onto the wildly spin telescope , advance on freeze and the control console . batman million will die so you can save on air conditioning . be not that take self help a little too far ? 548 freeze draw he pistol . freeze we aim to ... ( fire ) ... freeze . batman deflect the blast with he suit armor . freeze that 's new . let 's swing . 550 freeze smashes the control joystick to the stop , the telescope 's spin accelerate , swinging towards ... 551 the two scientist have finally melt , stand drench on the Tower platform , the massive telescope now careen towards they . scientist this just be not my day . 551a the telescope smashes directly into the tower platform . the platform begin to topple . 551b associate up , up and away . 551c as the platform fall crashing onto the floor below , the two phd leap , landing safely on the swinging telescope , hang on to the tension bar for dear life . 551d scientist phd rule ! 551e freeze be throw by the impact of the telescope hit the tower into the telescope platform rail , he gun fall to he foot . 553 ext . observatory Robin 's hand be inch from batgirl 's , the city come up fast . 554 int . observatory - telescope control platform freeze be scramble for he gun . suddenly a figure loom above he . batman . 555 freeze draw . batman kick the gun out of he hand . the two begin to fight on the twirling platform . a battle of titan . batman you have turn gotham to ice . ( a right ) you have endangered countless life . ( a leave ) it 's payback time . 555a batman knock freeze with a mighty punch , hurl he onto the back of the telescope . batman turn towards the console , typing command . 555b monitor - close . targeting . graphic satellite flash green . clock read : 11:58 555c the mirror overhead open , beginning to glow with ambient sunlight . 555d freeze scream at the emerge light , leaping onto batman , send the cape crusader sprawling onto the barrel of the telescope . he advance on the fall bat . 555e freeze kick batman hard in the face , the hero roll down the telescope towards the open and gotham beyond . 556 ext . observatory Robin grab batgirl 's hand as batgirl fire a batarang 557 from she wrist . Robin 's tether pull teach , the boy wonder hold batgirl dangle over the city . robin I have get you . 558 robin' grapple rip free from the melting ice . 559 batgirl grapple hit the metal roof above . hold firm . 560 robin be line tear free , Robin fall as batgirl 's tether pull tight , batgirl now hold Robin dangle above gotham . 561 batgirl no . I have get you . she pull he eye level . the two hang suspend , face to face . 562 int . observatory batman be tumble towards the open slat and gotham below . 565 he slow he fall , stop on the barrel . voice ( over ) wow. batman . wider . the two scientist be cling to a target groove along the body of the barrel . scientist I have see you on tv . 566 batman - Pov . freeze be head back to the control panel . batman Nice to meet you . can you give I any more height on this thing ? 567 the scientist reach down to a red emergency lever . scientist go up . 568 he pull the lever and the telescope tilt straight up , 569 send batman soar into the air towards the dome above . 570 batman flip in mid air , dive , smashing directly into freeze , the villain crashing over the edge of the control platform and into the freezing engine . 571 the mirror overhead align , the beam of sunlight hit the freezing engine . freeze be strike by the ray , the sun penetrate he damage suit . 571a the telescope activate , a powerful thawing beam shoot from it 's giant lens . 572 batman turn to freeze , the villain beginning to gray and wither . batman you be loose you cool freeze I think not . there will be no hot time in this old town tonight . ( pull a remote ) you will get a charge out of this . 573 he press a button . as freeze roll out of the sunlight , fall towards the floor below , charge around the tele - scope base explode . 574 the telescope tilt , drop out of the open slat towards gotham , take a chunk of observatory floor with it . 575 ext . observatory Robin and batgirl be just pull themselves onto a ice ledge beneath the dome slat as the giant telescope carry batman and the two scientist plummet over they towards the city below . 575a robin now that 's what I call a exit . batgirl ( look past Robin ) please tell I he 's on we side . a figure step out from behind the ice . bane 575b Robin coil , leap into a spin roundhouse , but bane knock he away , the boy wonder fly hard into the snow . the monster begin advance on batgirl . 578 ext . telescope - falling batman slide down the telescope towards the two scientist , 579 simultaneously firing a double end bat-tether , two grapples shoot horizontally into the air . 580 ext . observatory batgrapples - close . sink into the arm of the giant sculpture hold up the observatory just as the telescope plummet past . 580a ext . observatory - ice ledge Robin shake off the blow , look up to see batgirl fend off bane with a fast series of punch and kick . she might as well be hit steel . 580b batgirl ( to Robin ) do not worry . I have get he . just then bane slam she into a ice wall by the throat , rear back with he fist , about to deliver the kill blow . robin no. I have get he . 580c Robin leap , rip off the tube lead from bane 's injector pack to he skull , venom spraying wildly into the air . 580d bane hit the snow , write , as the venom effect be reverse . his muscle shrink , he form diminish until he be again a scrawny prisoner , struggle in the fold of he costume . 580e robin you should get that suit take in . no one 's buy baggy anymore . 581 ext . telescope - falling the ground be rush up below they . batman grab my belt and hang on . the scientist each grab one side of batman 's utility belt . 582 the cable pull teach , slow batman 's fall , the telescope drop from under they as the cable bend like a bow , batman and the scientist sink at its center . 583 the cable reach its nadir over a outcropping of rock on the cliff . below the telescope explode into the freeze river . batman this be you stop . 584 batman push the scientist onto the ledge , the reduce weight shoot the cable teach , rocketing batman up towards the dome like a arrow . 585 int . observatory batman flip in through the telescope slat , follow immediately by batgirl and Robin , all landing together on the observatory floor . robin wind , old timer ? batman do not make I kill you in front of the girl . batgirl it 's midnight . the telescope 's go . there 's no way to thaw the city . batman theoretically , the satellite could be position to thaw the city directly . but it would take a computer genius . robin I be on it . Robin clear the rubble from a fall console , begin to type . nothing . the equipment be dead . batgirl ( shoulder he aside ) no. I be on it . she quick patch a couple of break wire , the console lighting up , whirring to life . begins hack . batgirl Ms. genius . Madame genius . her geniusness . which sound better ? 586 ext . earth - view from space the giant orbital satellite finally align . a full disk of the sun appear in the mirror , beam from one to the next and then the next , the beam cut downward towards . 587 ext . gotham skyline the giant ray of focus sunlight begin warming the city . 590 ext . observatory - night Ray of light hit the observatory , melting the ice cover stone . 591 int . observatory floor batman walk over to freeze who lie amidst the rubble , weak and gray with the grow heat , strain to breathe . freeze go on , kill I too . just as you kill my wife . batman I do not kill you wife . batman press a button on he utility belt . batman run ivy evidence tape 001.40 . 592 batman' gauntlet - close . a tiny monitor show a image of poison ivy . ivy ( over ) as I tell Lady freeze when I pull she plug , this be a one woman show . freeze scream he rage . his face stream with freeze tear , like tiny diamond . batman but she 's not dead , Victor . we find she , restore she icy slumber . 593 batman' gauntlet monitor show Mrs. fries restore in cryogenic slumber . batman she 's still freeze , Victor , alive , wait for you to find a cure . I know what it 's like to lose everything you have ever love . but vengeance be not power . any two - bit thug with a gun can take a life . to give life , that 's true power , a power you once have . I do not know if you will ever find a cure for you wife . but I be ask you now , Doctor Victor fries , to save another life . show I how to cure mcgregor 's syndrome stage one . and maybe you can also save the man you wife once love . he 's still inside you , bury somewhere deep beneath the snow . will you help I ? Doctor ? freeze stare at batman . finally he unseal he chestplate , remove two glow power orb , hold they out , he smile , bittersweet . freeze take two of this and call I in the morning . 594 int . wayne manor - alfrede quarter - night Robin and batgirl watch as batman attaches the modify power source from freeze 's suit to Alfred 's life -support . batman all we can do now be wait . ( take Alfred 's hand ) and hope . 594a ext . arkham asylum - night the prison be secure once again . 594b int . arkham asylum cell - night ivy sit in the bar moonlight , stare out the window , hold a small flower in she hand , pull the petal out one by one . ivy he love I . he love I not . he love I . he love I ... voice ( over ) not . a figure stand cloak in shadow . he step forward . Mr. freeze . freeze ( off he suit ) it 's amazing what you can buy around here for a few dozen diamond . freeze begin come towards she , menacingly . freeze prepare for a bitter harvest . Winter have come at last . ivy not good . 595 ext . wayne manor - dawn Morning break on the great old building . 596 a pile of pizza box - close pull back to reveal 597 int . wayne manor - live room - dawn World War III be lose in this room . strewn clothes . Barbara doze on the couch . Dick pace . Bruce stand , stare out the window , afraid he have lose Alfred forever . ( over ) a throat clear . louder . all look up . Alfred be descend the stair . scowl . bruce Alfred , be you ...? alfred Rather disappointed at how poorly I teach you proper housekeep . ( a beat ) and quite well , it seem . thanks to you , son . thanks to you all . the three move to he . a family reunion . Dick turn to Bruce . dick one question . when batgirl and I roll off the telescope , how come you do not try and save we ? it be the first time I fall and you be not there to catch I . bruce I know you could handle it . Barbara clear she throat . Dick shoot she a look . bruce sometimes count on someone else be the only way to win . barbara hey , I be the one who kick ivy 's botanical butt . personally . me. I do . bruce you be go back to school . dick you be never go to win this argument , Bruce . Barbara extend she hand . barbara partner ? a beat . the other heroes follow suit . a team be bear . bruce & dick partner . alfred we be go to need a bigger cave . 600 ext . batsignal - night Three costume avenger race into the night . final fade to black the end