batman home video " mask " Story by : Alan burnett screenplay by : Alan burnett Paul dini Martin pasko Michael reaves final draft : 12/21/92 warner bros . animation , inc . batman home video " mask " fade in : ext . gotham CITY - the shady lady casino ~ niget above the entrance a seventy - foot , neon rita hayworth lookalike seductively pose with one hand on she hip , the other behind she head , wink at the traffic below . you can almost hear , " put the blame on mame , boy ... " on " rita 's " head batman circle behind she head on a bat glider and land silently on the roof . on rooftop he step from the glider and look around , make sure no one be up there with he . he move to a certain spot and pull out a device which he aim at the roof . it fire a dart into the roof with a thwump . the portion stick out of the roof look like a small antenna . close on batman batman pull a earphone from he belt which he put to he ear . we hear filter voice from below ... chuckie ( v.0 . ) " ( kilter ) take a good look , boy ... int . the suite below - continuous it 's a plush garish HOTEL suite . marble fountain , gold lame wallpaper ... the room they give Sinatra . a fifty-ish , squat racketeer , chuckie SOL ( Joe pesci in a good suit ) be show off a suitcase full of counterfeit one- hundred dollar bill to he goons . one of the gcon hold it up to a light and squint . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 2. goon # 1 geez , Mr. sol , I can not tell the difference . chuckie you have need one of they neutron microscope . it 's identical down to Ben Franklin 's stubble . chuckie pluck it from the goon 's hand . on chuckie as he step over to the suitcase and place the bill back with the stack of other bill . chuckie I want it launder through the casino at a half mile a week . Three - quarter mile by March . anybody get a problem with that ? on window just then the Dark knight crash through the window . Glass fly like a bomb just hit . on the goons and ! chuckie reacting . the bad guy be already pull gun . goons hey ! / what ? / the bat ! no sooner do the first two goons have they pistol out than two batarang hit it and the gun go fly . goons # 1 &2 ( cry of pain ) on batman ( note : quickly time , almost faster than the eye can follow . ) another goon take a swipe at he from the side . batman deck he with a leave . another from behind , batman bring up he elbow to the fellow 's jaw . a third goon literally jump cn he back ( appropriate sfx ) . ' goon # 3 ( battle cry ) batman flip he over into ... batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 3 . goon # 1 who have retrieve he gun and be about to fire just as goon # 3 come crashing in . the gun goe off harmlessly as they demolish a glass display of bric-a- brac . sfx : breaking glass . on chuckie as the fighting continue 0.s. he sweep up the briefcase and bolt out the door . cuT to : ext . OPEN - AIR moving sidewalk the sidewalk be about 200 foot long , several storey above the ground , connect the hotel to a parking structure . as chuckie rush across we pull back to see that we be look over someone 's shoulder , someone stand inside the structure . the shadowy stranger move off . inside the parking structure chuckie rush in , look over he shoulder . suddenly he stop in he track as he see what 's before he . chuckie ( gasp ) reverse angle ~ on dark figure the figure be about a hundred yard away and approach , surround by swirl of smoky mist . dark figure ( electronic filter ) ( throaty and harmonize ) chuckie sol ... on chuckie who immediately pull out a gun . chuckie batman ! he start firing . on the dark figure almost appear as if he 's glide on the mist . chuckie continue firing but the bullet have no affect . as the figure get closer we see that this be clearly not the batman , but a ghoulish look character with a death 's head face mask . we / will call he phantasm . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 4. phantasm you angel of death await . on chuckie as he run out of bullet ( sfx : click - click ) he realize this be not no batman . chuckie you be not the bat ! at that instant phantasm glide in and knock the gun from he hand . he then backhand the gangster , send he fly . chuckie ( impact cry ) on chuckie as he crash against one of the pylon . the valise go fly from he hand . he fall to the ground , feel he lip . a trickle of blood be at the corner . phantasm glide in . chuckie who - who be you ? whaddaya want ? phantasm grab he by the lapel and lift he into the air , smashing he back against the pylon . chuckie oof ! phantasm come nose - to-nose with chuckie . phantasm I want you , chuckie-boy . and with a mighty heave he throw chuckie 0.s. chuckie ( scream of terror ) on parked car as chuckie tumble over the hood of a couple of car park next to each other . he smashes into the wall behind they . appropriate sfx . : chuckie ( cont ’d ) ( big impact grunt ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 5 . on phantasm step toward chuckie again . just then he hear the sound of wheel squealing . he turn toward the noise . on chuckie look horrify , he also turn in that direction . wide on phantasm who step back into the shadow as a car come turn around the corner , head downstairs to the exit . as soon as it pass phantasm step forward again and suddenly see ... reverse angle on floor turn . on chuckie head up the stairwell , the valise under one arm . he look frantic . his heart rate must be hit two-hundred . cut to : ext . top floor of parking structure open air . very few car . chuckie reach the top of the stair . he gasp for air for a second , then move on . chuckie ( a couple of gasp ) downshot on stairwell - on phantasm follow , look up as he climb . face head toward camera . should feel like a ghost rise on mist . on car chuckie open the driver 's door and heave the valise into the back seat . on back seat the case land next to a thermos-size canister plant on the floor . we hear the car door slam . on chuckie sit in the front seat , sweat bullet . he turn the ignition . the motor churn , not turn over . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 6. on the stairwell phantasm rise from the stairwell on a cloud of mist and head for the car . inside car - back on chuckie the car finally start , to he relief . he look at the approach phantasm as he put he car in gear . chuckie this time I get you , you son ofa ... ext . car with a squeal of tire , the car take off . on phantasm who stop in the center of the parking lot as the light from chuckie 's car bear down . with a wave of he arm phantasm completely envelop himself in mist once again . wider a split second later chuckie plow right through the mist , miss phantasm entirely . on chuckie look back through the rear view mirror with a how - in~ the -hell - do -I - miss-him expression . back on the mist there 's still a section of mist intact and from it phantasm appear , point he hand at the vehicle and pressing a small device ( sfx ) . int . back seat of car at that instant the canister in chuckie 's back seat explode with the black mist , which fill the car . on chuckie who be suddenly engulf , completely blind . he hit the brake . chuckie wha-a-a-t ?! batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 7. ext . wide on the car the car skid , swerving toward a low wall and railing . cuT to : ext . elevate sidewalk as batman run out onto the walk , presumably after chuckie , he hear the burning tire and look up . top floor - parking structure - upshot the car crash through the wall of the structure right over the sidewalk . on batman reacting . as chunks of concrete fall , he dive from the elevate walk . wide the car fly through the air , spiraling in a slow corkscrew , until it smashes into the side of the hotel . the car 's horn blare , stick , as the smoke from the canister pour out of the car . on batman swinging onto the ground . already the counterfeit money be drift over the scene like oversize snowflake . batman spot something at he foot and reach for it . insert on canister a small curve fragment of the explode container . camera follows batman 's hand as he lift up the shard and look at it . on the sideline a casino guard and man in tux step out to see the sight . casino guard good lord ! the man spot batman and point . man in tux hey , it 's he ! on batman look back at they . suddenly something catch he eye . he batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 8. look up as he fit the canister piece into a belt compartment . the hole in the wall above - on phantasm - batman 's Pov the silhouett form of phantasm be glance down . he step back out of sight almost immediately . on batman who quickly shoot he grapple hook skyward . angle on the top even as the hook imbed into the concrete , phantasm have turn and be walk away , become envelop in mist once again . close on wall as batman be pull up to the wall . he climb over and look around . on faint wisp of vapor blow away as if phantasm disappear with the mist . wide on scene batman alone , look puzzle . all be quiet . cut to : int . tv studio - close on arthur reeve we do not know where we be , and will not for a few beat . councilman arthur reeve , a handsome , thirty - something , hot-head slick politico , be throw a fit . reeve I be tell you , friend , it 's vigilantism at its deadly . angle widen to include commissioner gordon , sit near reeves , look uncomfortable . reeve ( cont ’d ) ( turn to Gordon ) how many time be we go to let this happen ? how many time be we go to let batman cross the line ? batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 ge gordon I be sorry , councilman , you can not blame batman for what happen to chuckie sol . reeve why not ?! favor reeve he grab up a newspaper from 0.s. , hold it up . there 's a picture ef the car stick out of the hotel . the headline read : gangster slain . reeve ( cont ’d ) he be there . he be after he . he 's a loose cannon , commissioner . widen to show that reeves be speak to a studio audience on the set of " gotham insider . " summer gleeson stand nearby . reeve ( cont ’d ) it 's not just my opinion . a lot of people -- include cop , I might add -- think batman 's as unstable as the crook he bring in . close on reeve sell it to the audience . reeve ( cont ’d ) what kind of city be we run when we depend on the support of a potential madman ? audience ( 0.s. ) ( cheer , hiss , etc . ) pull back to include int . batcave to show we be watch this on the tv monitor . alfred , who have the bat costume and belt drape over one arm , click off the broadcast . as he turn : alfred such rot , sir . why , you be the very model of sanity . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 10 . alfred ( cont ’d ) ( beat ; deadpan ) oh , by the way , I have press you tight and put away you explode gas ball . widen to include bruce wayne , bent over he lab table , study the char remain of the gas canister . bruce thank you , Alfred . another angle Alfred lean over Bruce 's shoulder and raise a eyebrow at the canister . alfred might one inquire what this lise } favor bruce he look at it , rub he chin thoughtfully . bruce part of a canister . I find it at the scene of the accident . there 's a chemical residue baked onto it -- some kind of dense long~chain polymer . alfred ( humoring he ) of course . he exit shot as Bruce continue to stare at the puzzle . wipe to : ext . sky - on cloud - day at first the cloud be such that we might think we be look at phantasm 's smoky mist . but just when we suspect he might appear , a wide - body plane burst through . overhead shot of the plane we follow the plane as it fly over the cityscape . andrea ( v.0 . ) I should be landing any minute . CUT to : batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 11 . int . plane - on andrea beaumont - continuous she sit in she seat talk on the plane 's phone . she 's a strike , smartly - dress , brunette-red woman who wear a locket hang from a necklace . she gaze out the window as she speak . andrea it ’1ll be good to see you again , Arthur . reeve ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) you , too . cut to : int . arthur reevess office he 's sit in he chair in he plush city office , check himself in a desk mirror . reeve and do not worry about a thing . we 'il clear up this old family finances . do not forget , you have get a big time city councilman on you side . int . plane - on andrea andrea ( v.0 . ) can not believe it 's be ten year . reeve ( ( v.o. cont ’d ) ( filter ) think of look up some old friend ? she frown a bit as she glance at she lap . on andrea 's lap there 's a copy of fortune with Bruce Wayne 's picture on it along the word : profile : bruce wayne . she touch he picture gently with she finger tip . on andrea she lie when she say ... batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 12 . andrea oh , Arthur , do not start that again . he 's ancient history . int . reevess office he smile like a cobra . reeve that 's encourage . ( beat ) then I 'il see you soon . on andrea suddenly she hear ... flight attendant ( male or female ) ( v.o. ) ( filter ) lady and gentleman , please fasten you seat belt . cuT to : ext . plane - continuous it begin to descend from the screen , leave only the wide blue sky . . flight attendant ( v.o. cont ’d ) we be about to make we descent into gotham City . dissolve to : ext . starry night sky we hear party ambience as we pan , down to the Wayne mansion where car be pull up . all the light be on . cuT to : int . mansion - continuous Bruce be throw one of he usual get-together . all that 's miss be hef . the camera pan over the smartly dress guest to three lovely beauty hang onto Bruce . beauty # 1 come on , Bruce . all alone in this big mansion . have not you ever think about marriage , even once ? batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 13 . beauty # 2 playfully cup Bruce 's ear . beauty # 2 oh , never say the " m " word in front of Bruce . it make he nervous . . beauty 73 ( slight Judy holiday ) what about the " I " word ? Bruce look at she quizzically . bruce the " I " word ? as she flash that long lash ... beauty # 3 in-gagement . another angle as Bruce be reacting a FOURTH beauty , equally attractive but ina severe dark dress , step forward hold a drink , smile sardonically . beauty # 4 ( a bit tipsy ) I have watch out for brucie if I be you , girl . she stand in front of he and look he in the eye . beauty # 4 ( cont ’d ) first he wine and dine you , make you think you be the only woman he 's ever be interested in , and just when you be wonder where to register the china ... ( point , mean eye ) ..- he forget you phone number . that 's Bruce Wayne 's style . her smile disappear and she throw the drink in he face . sfx : splash . beauty # 1 - 2 -3 ( assort gasp ) on bruce who wipe he eye , stoneface . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 14 . bruce ( to the other girl ) Excuse I . he head away . another angle ~- bruce be stop by someone dangle a handkerchief in front of he face . reeve ( 0.s. ) a friend in need ? Bruce take the handkerchief and wipe he face . bruce councilman . so how go the bat bashing ? reeve better than you love life . ( glance toward the girl ) really , Bruce , it 's almost as if you pick they because you know there 's no chance for a serious relationship . close on reeve pick a drink off of Alfred 's tray as the butler pass by . reeve ( cont ’d ) at least since that one girl ... ( feign forgetfulness ) what be she name ? on bruce who stop wiping and freeze with a sullen look . this be a sensitive area for he to be kidd about . reeve ( 0.s. cont ’d ) Anne ... andi ... andrea . yes . on they both as reeves cock a wiseguy eye at Bruce . reeve ( cont ’d ) andrea beaumont . now there be a sweet number . how have you let she get loose ? batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 15 . Bruce look at he wryly as he fold up the handkerchief . he 's not go to get into this with he . bruce thanks for the handkerchief , Arthur . you know where you can stick it . and Bruce jab the hankie down reeves 's breast pocket . he walk away . reeves crack a grin , happy to get Bruce 's goat . cuT to : the study - on bruce who have step in to get away from it all . he shut the door , mute the party noise . he look up sullenly . on portrait of he parent the portrait hang over a light fireplace . the face be stern , unsmile , victorian . on the fireplace Bruce step in and place a outstretch arm on the mantle as he look up at he parent . then he look toward the fire . the flicker light play against he as he think back and we ... segue to : ext . cemetery - freshman bruce - ten year ago - day it 's autumn . Young Bruce be pose the same way -- one arm lean against the marble monument of he parent . he look a little dishevel with he collar askew . closer he place two flower in a vase attach to the monument . a solemn moment . suddenly he hear a voice . andrea ( 0.s. ) ( distant , unintelligible ) that 's right . and if daddy get any more protective , I might as well join the young Republicans ... angle on young andrea stand among the headstone on the other side of the Wayne monument . she appear to be talk to thin air . her hair be long , flow . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 16 . andrea it 's time like this I wish you be around to ... suddenly she sense he presence and turn to see he . andrea ( cont ’d ) yes ? bruce ( uncertain ) Excuse I . I think you be say something . to I , I mean . andrea no . Bruce look around curiously , then step back . bruce 1 o-kay . no sooner do he turn away than andrea turn around excitedly , again talk to the air . andrea know who that be ? Bruce Wayne . you know . Wayne enterprise ? I have see he on campus . very moody . cute , though . another angle just then Bruce step back in , look at she strangely again . andrea yes ? Bruce glance around as if look for someone else . bruce I hear my name . I think ... ( have to ask ) who be you talk to ? she gesture toward the grave in front of she . andrea my mother . insert - on headstone it read : victoria beaumont . Flowers cover the year . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 17 . on bruce look at the grave and then up at andrea . he seem a little befuddle . bruce oh . I do not mean to ... she pick up she bag . andrea that 's okay . we be do . Mom do not have much to say today . another angle - bruce still look puzzle . as she pass by he she pause to tell he ... andrea hey , I be not the only one who talk to they love one , y’know . and she continue on . Bruce call after as he follow . bruce I do not say anything . on the two of they walking andrea it 's just that when I talk to she out loud , I can imagine how she have reply . I can hear she . like she 's right there . favor bruce try to keep up . he nod , thoughtfully : he sort of understand what she 's say . bruce I talk to my parent . once . andrea what do you say ? on gate Bruce open a gate that lead they out of the cemetery . bruce I make a vow . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 18 . andrea what vow ? bruce a secret one . she feign great interest . andrea oooh , a man of mystery . have you keep you vow ? bruce so far . ext . STREET by now they have come upon a motorcycle park at the curb . she stop and regards he with renew interest . she extend she hand . andrea andrea beaumont . Bruce shake she hand . bruce wayne Bruce Wayne . on andrea - over bruce’s shoulder she smile at he wryly . andrea I know . the boy billionaire . so , tell I ... she straighten he dishevel collar . andrea with all that money and power , how come you always look like you want to jump off a cliff ? on bruce who smile in spite of himself . bruce why should you care ? favoring andrea as she get on she motorcycle . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 19 . andrea I do not . . ( big smile ) my mother be ask . that say , she kick - start the engine . on the two of they as she take off , Bruce watch she . he 's intrigue . just then a howling autumn breeze blow , rustling leave . a shadow fall over Bruce as if the cloud be cover the sun . dissolve to : ext . night - on moon ( flashback continue ) all moon should be this full , this bright . the whistle of wind bridge the dissolve as wisp of cloud move past the glow orb , follow by a trio - of bat . pan down to the gotham mall . the toy store have the facade of a big clown face ; the floral shoppe , a big bouquet , etc ... near the giant top hat and white glove of the gotham Men 's wear outlet a figure in black swing onto the roof . closer show that it 's young Bruce dress in a black turtle neck with a makeshift utility belt . he look around to make sure no one have see he and move on . on the side of the build we hear a crashing noise 0.s. as Bruce step over to the edge and look down . burglar # 1 ( 0.s. ) hey , dummy . ext . back alley - at a department store loading dock a semi-truck have be back into the load dock . two burly burglars be carry store item to the truck 's van . one of they , carry a stack of vcr 's , have apparently just drop the top one . he 's look down at the fall vcr as burglar 1 step up to he carry a box 'of watch and jewelry . burglar # 1 ( cont ’d ) whatsa matter with you ? this be expensive merchandise . burglar # 1 kick the vcr out of he way and continue toward the bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 20 . van . burglar # 2 follow with a scowl . inside the dockan doorway a African - american female night guard be tie up on the ground , mouth tape , watch helplessly . a third burglar step over she , carry lamp under he arm . she cringe . burglar # 3 comin 's through . back on bruce look down anxiously . he pull a mask from he belt and tie it on , make he look very ninja-like . he take a deep breath . bruce ( under he breath ) here go ... and he detach a loop of rope from he belt . closer on burglars - at the rear of the truck as # 3 shove the lamp into the truck , burglar 1 pull out a walkie-talkie . burglar # 1 okay , skaz . we be do shoppin’ . ' ext . end of alley - on skaz skaz - we could call he burglar # 4 , but we be tired of type number - be a mean-look fellow in a cap and scarf , which conceal a headset and phone mike . he 's the lookout at the alley lead out of the load dock . he glance this way and that , bring the mike up to he lip . skaz all clear here . back at the loading dock as # 1 flatten the antenna on he walkie-talkie . burglar # 1 let 's blow this popstand . but just as the swing the door close , they suddenly hear ... bruce ( big ninja cry ) bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 21. on bruce who swing in , make a dramatic leap to the ground . ( his ninja cry carry into this shot . ) when he spring up there be two ninja star in he hand . on the guard even she look astonished . on the burglars the man look at he and look at each other . burglar # 1 who 's this clown ? close on bruce he point to the ground . bruce ( a teenager do clint eastwood ) on you stomach . arm spread . on the burglars they look at he like he be the man with two head . # 1 turn to the girl guard . burglar # 1 you know this guy ? on the guard she shake she head , also look incredulous . guard ( " no " mumble ) on bruce bruce you hear I . on the burglars burglar # 1 feign deference . burglar # 1 yeah , you hear he , boy . and as if on cue , the two guy flanking he begin to spread out . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 22 . on bruce now look a little worried . he glance from one side to another . burglar 71 ( 0.s. cont ’d ) you hear Mr. kung fu. wider as Bruce find himself in the middle of a triangle . burglar # 2 yeah , I be shakin’ . close on burglar # 1 who step back , yell ... burglar # 1 now ! on burglar # 3 Quick shot as he pull out he gun . on burglar # 2 also pull out he gun . on bruce who react , and spin around send one star fly leave and one fly right . ( appropriate sfx ) . : on burglar # 2 who have the gun knock out of he hand as the star strike it ( sfx ) . burglar # 2 ( cry of pain ) on burglar # 3 his arm be knocked back . the gun fly from he hand , firing . on burglar # 1 he see immediately what 's happen and shout : burglar 1 get he ! bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 23. and he lunge forward at Bruce . on bruce as 71 come in Bruce kick he in the crotch . burglar # 1 ( impact cry ) the guy double over , Bruce pull he jacket over he head , then bring he knee up to rearrange he facial cartilage . sfx : crunch . burglar # 1 ( bigger impact cry ) as # 1 fly back , # 2 grab Bruce in a mean bear hug from behind , just as # 3 come from the front . instead of struggle , Bruce thrust he head back , striking the back of he head against # 2 's forehead . burglar # 2 ( impact grunt ) # 2 's grip loosen , allow Bruce to duck as # 3 let loose with a roundhouse punch , hitting # 2 right in the kisser . burglar # 2 ( impact grunt ) on the guard who be now sit up in wide - eye surprise as she watch burglar # 2 land in front of she , knock out cold . back on bruce as # 3 pull out a switchblade . Bruce jump back as he start swinging away - swish , swish - at one point cut Bruce 's shirt at the stomach . but on he next thrust , Bruce grab # 3 by the wrist , bring he leg up to kick the fellow under the armpit twice . burglar # 3 ( two impact cry ) then , with the grace of a baryshnikov , Bruce pirouettes and swing he heel into the man 's esophagus ... burglar # 3 ( " ugh " sound ) bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 24 . on a nearby dumpster with its top propped open . # 3 hit it hard , he body arching back . the heavy metal top come down , strike he face first with a terrible twang . he slide to ground , knock out . burglar # 3 ( pain moan ) full on bruce breathe hard , in a Bruce Lee pose , ready for anything else . bruce ( fast breath ) wide angle but as he look around we see he opponent knock out on the ground . he realize he do it . he look excited . bruce ( to himself ) yes ! just then he hear : guard ( v.0 . ) ( urgent mumble ) he look over . on guard now stand , gesture with she head as if to say , '' over there . " guard ( " over there " mumble ) on bruce who look puzzle at first , until he turn toward the truck . at that instant a shot be fire . Bruce manage to leap out of the way just in time . on skaz who have he gun out and continue shoot . he 's cover himself as he get to the cab and open the door . on bruce now ducking behind the dumpster . another bullet strike the metal . just then the shoot stop as the cab door slam shut batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 25 . and the truck revs up . on the cab as a determine look skaz slip the clutch into first and gun it . on the rear of the truck as it lurch forward , the unlock door swing back open and loose box and item start spilling out . ( appropriate sfx ) . favoring bruce he look toward the guard apologetically ... bruce Excuse I . on the guard craning she neck to watch he . this guy 's not for real . on the truck as it continue , it strike speed bump which cause more stuff to fall out . ( appropriate sfx ) . on bruce run as fast as he can , try to catch up . he dodge and leap over lamp , vcr 's , box and what not that continue to fall out ( sfx ) . on the alley exit as the truck come barrel out . Bruce be get closer . on the cab as skaz put the engine into a higher gear and accelerate . on bruce who be almost there . with a fly leap he manage to grab onto the end of the truck , but just barely . bruce ( grunt of effort ) on road as the semi swing from the parking lot onto the road , we see ~ batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 26. Bruce dangle on the end of the truck , he foot slide along the ground ( sfx ) . on bruce use every ounce of energy to pull himself on . bruce ( strain sound ) at one point the truck hit a bump cause the box of jewelry to fall all.over he ( sfx ) . nevertheless , he seem to be get on . as he do ... deeper in the van we see that nearly half the content have spill out and what remain be mainly heavy duty item , include a couple of refrigerator , hold back by rope . but not for long . the van hit another bump and the rope snap , just as ... on the road show the semi go up a incline . on bruce just as he stand up , he hear a rolling noise and look up to see ... two refrigerator - bruce 's Pov on bruce as he be strike by the refrigerator and be throw out of the van ( sfx ) . bruce ( cry of surprise ) on the rear of the van as Bruce manage to hang onto the door handle , swinging out as the refrigerator crash into the street . ( Bruce 's shout should bridge into this shot . ) on the side of the truck as the door swing wide show Bruce . on skaz drive . he glance at the outside mirror . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 27 . on the outside mirror - skaz ‘s Pov Bruce hang on for dear life . back on skaz who react in surprise , then get that " we will - see-about - this " look and swiftly turn the wheel . on the semi as it veer sharply , wheel skidding . on bruce try to hang on as the scenery behind he whizhes by . another angle as the door bang into a lamp post , almost cause Bruce to lose he grip . on skaz who glance into the mirror . in the mirror - skaz 's Pov Bruce do not appear to be hang on any longer . on skaz who crack a smile . could he have get rid of the little bugger ? on top of the van apparently not , for suddenly we see that Bruce be on the roof , crouching in ninja fashion as he make he way toward the front . on skaz something catch he attention again . on the round section of he outside mirror he see Bruce peer over the front of the van . on bruce as he climb down the front of the van , place one foot on the roof of the cab to steady himself . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 28 . on skaz with a determine look he suddenly hit the brake . on bruce brake squeal as he be suddenly thrust forward , fall over the top of the cab , tumble over the hood . bruce ( cry of surprise ) on the front of the cab Bruce manage to break he fall by grab onto the front grillwork . on skaz' feet as he take he foot off the brake and hit the gas again . sfx : engine . on the wheel on bruce prop himself up on the bumper and wonder what the heck he 's get himself into now . he try to climb onto the hood . favoring skaz now hold the pistol outside the window in he leave hand . he drive with he right hand , while firing with he leave . the bullet hit the front edge of the hood , cause Bruce to duck back down for cover ( sfx ) . on bruce now look more anxious than ever . on skaz who spot something ahead and veer the wheel . on the cab as it go up the curve , riding on half the sidewalk . sfx : squealing tire . on bruce look ahead . suddenly he see what he 's in for . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 29 . on garbage can set on the street for pick -up . on bruce brace himself . on the cab as it plow through the can , send they fly ( sfx ) . on skaz crack a evil grin . on bruce as the front of the cab strike a speed sign , flatten it instantly ( sfx ) . bruce ( impact grunt ) follow by more garbage can ( sfx ) . closer on bruce look batter as hell . just then he realize something . he pull a pouch from he belt . close on pouch it must contain at least a half - dozen star . on bruce who start shaking they out so that they be drop in line with the tire on the driver 's side . on the first tire which suddenly blow . front view of skaz as the cab lurch on a tilt . sfx : squealing tire . on the other tire which also blow , right in a row , cause the entire van to tilt toward the driver 's side . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 30 . inside the van as the remain content -- tv 's , other heavy appliance -- all shift to the tilt side . ( appropriate sfx ) . wide on semi as it slowly but inexorably slam onto its side , skidding along the street . on bruce now hang on the grill upside down as the cab be skidding toward camera . he look ahead of he in alarm . what bruce sees the wall of a building , head straight for he . wider Bruce cringe as the front of the cab slide within a foot or so of a building and come to a halt . Bruce slump in relief . bruce ( exhaust sigh ) inside the cab - on skaz crumpled in a corner , look bruise and batter . he lift a eye up as a shadow come over he . skaz ( groan ) on bruce stand in front of the cab , look triumphant . alfred ( v.0 . ) - I read about you anonymous exploit this morning and I must say ... dissolve to : ext . rear of the wayne estate - the following day Alfred be hold a newspaper as Bruce be practice jujitsu move in he kimono tog . he have a bandage on he forehead and some facial scratch . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 31 . alfred ( cont ’d ) ... be you sure you will not reconsider rugby ? - on bruce pose and throw punch . he frown . bruce sorry , Alfred , but " the plan " be work . ( grunt ) I have the edge . I could feel it . ( bigger grunt ) there be only one thing wrong . ( frown ) they be not afraid of I . I have get to strike fear in they from the start . ( grunt ) just then Alfred notice something 0.s. alfred pardon , master Bruce , but we may want to postpone the " shop talk " as it be . I believe you have a visitor . ( and as Alfred move away , Bruce crane he neck to see , not easy a to do on one foot with arm extend . bruce 's Pov - andrea andrea be head they way . andrea hi. on bruce as she walk up she notice the bandage . andrea ( cont ’d ) hey , what happen to you ? trip over some loose cash ? he continue do he move as she look around , get a lay of the land . bruce what be you do here ? batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 32. andrea it 's be three day since we meet and still no call . I figure you must be dead or something . another angle Bruce turn , continue he move . bruce you expect every guy you meet to call you up ? she glance at he , a wry smile . andrea only the one that be smart enough to dial a phone . he almost lose he balance on that one . he quickly recover , scowling , and throw a punch . bruce ( grunt ) andrea what be that ? bruce ( on thrust grunt ) jujitsu . andrea gesundheit . on bruce he look annoyed . turn the other way . andrea that be a joke . bruce jujitsu be no joke . it take year to master . and he thrust out he fist . bruce ( cont ’d ) ( grunt ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 33. another angle . but as he fist shoot out , she come out of nowhere to block it with one hand and twist he arm . bruce ( wince ) hey ... andrea gotta few move of my own . and in one swift move , she throw Bruce for a loop . bruce ( cry of surprise ) on bruce he 's on he back , try to prop himself up . she step into foreground , look down at hin . andrea miss hovey 's self - defense class for girl . close on bruce look up at she . he crack a smile and start chuckle . bruce ( chuckle ) on andrea look at he in mock astonish . andrea he laugh ! wider suddenly he sweep he foot , trip she onto she back ( sfx ) . andrea ( cry of surprise ) close on andrea ' flat on she back . before she can blink , Bruce be suddenly have she pin down , nose - to-nose . she look up at he as they both break out in playful smile . : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 34 . andrea Nice footwork . can you dance , too ? on mansion 's rear door just then Alfred step out of the mansion with a tray of refreshment . he see the two of they on the ground and make a abrupt u-turn , head right back in the house again . back on bruce and andrea smiling , look into each other 's eye , wonder what 's go to happen next as we segue to : int . mansion - present time - back at the party ~ on bruce the adult Bruce back at he fireplace in the de . just then he hear the door OPEN along with distant off - key plunk of a piano . Alfred step in . alfred pardon , sir , but miss bambi be dance on the piano . bambi ( 0.s. ) brucie ...! where be you ? Bruce 's eye roll in a pain expression . as he head toward Alfred , we ... dissolve to : ext . cemetery - that same night the camera catch a owl as it pan over the spooky grounds . the owl 's eye sparkle as he hoos and take wing , fly 0.s. leave be blow across the road as a limousine pull up . close on the door it open . another gangster , buzz bronski , get out . though sixty - something , the guy 's a brick wall . he hold up a flashlight which he flash around . do not see anyone or anything . he reach back to pull out a black wreath . he glance at ... the front seat where he two bodyguard -- driver and passenger -- be look at hin . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 35 . buzz you guy wait here . passenger bodyguard whatever you say , Mr. bronski . the gangster head o.s. inside the car the passenger bodyguard look a little nervous , eye darting as another owl hoot . driver they say the bat iced this guy . passenger I know . chuckie SOL 's gravesite the flashlight beam hit the gravestone . it read : chuckie SOL , 1943 - 19 -- . the beam do not hit the last two number . buzz ( tsk tsk ) chuckie , chuckie ... the wreath be toss down . on buzz look down with distaste . buzz you always be a loser . just then he hear ... phantasm ( v.0 . ) buzz ... he look around . phantasm ( v.o. cont ’d ) buzz bronski . buzz who 's there ? another angle just then phantasm 's death 's head emerge from behind a grave batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 36 . stone as if rise from the underworld . phantasm you angel of death await . the head move forward as if float on the mist . on buzz point he flashlight at he . buzz who the heck ...?! he start move back fearfully . buzz ( cont ’d ) get away from I , you freak ! wider as he bump into a wheelbarrow with digging tool , include a digging fork ( shovel size ) . he drop the flashlight and pick up the fork ( appropriate sfx ) . on phantasm who back into the mist as buzz slice the fork through the mist . it connect with nothing . suddenly from behind he hear ... phantasm ( 0.s. ) time to pay for you sin , Mr. bronski ... bronski turn to see phantasm behind he . again he swing , but phantasm be too quick , ducking back into the mist . phantasm ( 0.s. ) over here ... on phantasm back up , leave a trail of mist in he wake . buzz charge forward , ready to throw the fork like a javelin . buzz all right , creep , catch this ! but just as he 's about to throw it , he fall into the mist as if the earth have swallow he up . buzz ( cont ’d ) ( cry of surprise ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 37 . on bodyguard still in the car . they be already look in the direction of buzz 's voice . . a — lrurur — ( distant cry ) suddenly they hear a muffled 0.s. crash . passenger c’mon ! they rush out of the car . on buzz who be coughing as the mist dissipate . buzz ( cough ) he suddenly realize that he 's lie at the bottom of a deeply - dig grave . a rope hang down the side of the pit . on phantasm - buzz 's Pov look down at he from the foot of the pit . phantasm Goodbye , Mr. bronski . and he step back 0.s. on buzz look up angrily . he see the rope , grab hold and start to climb out . on other end of rope it 's tie to a lever of some sort . we be not sure for what yet , although as the rope be tug the lever rachet into another gear and we suddenly hear a grinding noise . wider to show that the lever be on a dump truck pile high with dirt , it 's park almost flush to the side of the grave . buzz have just pull the lever that be cause the rear to upend , spilling the dirt into the grave . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 ' 38 . on buzz push back down by the dirt ( sfx ) . he suddenly realize he 's in big trouble . buzz no! stop ! help ! by now the dirt be up to he waist and still pouring in . he claw at the side . on bodyguard as they approach , gun in hand . the Driver lead . driver / passenger bodyguard ( call out ) boss ? boss ? another angle the grinding abruptly stop a split second before the bodyguard step into frame . they look ahead in shock . driver boss -- on dump truck now empty . pan down to show that the pit have be cover in a enormous mound of dirt . atop the mound be the black wreath intend for chuckie 's grave . sprout from within it like a grotesque flower be buzz 's contort hand . back on the bodyguard take in the sight when suddenly they hear footstep . they spin around to see ... . atop a crest - phantasm silhouett by the moon behind he . he turn to take one last look back . from the flow of the cape you have swear it be batman . back on the bodyguard reacting . passenger it 's the bat . it 's the stinkin’ bat ! and he start firing like crazy . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 39 . back on phantasm who swirl he cape and disappear behind the ridge . dissolve to : ext . old brownstone - the following day the window be cover with wringht iron . even in the morning light the place look dark and forebode . int . old brownstone - study a old , skull - face man be seat at a tray in a large shadowy de , sip he tea . this , as we be to learn , be salvatore valestra , ex-mob boss . : close on valestra when he open : the paper next to he tray he react in shock , drop he forkful of grapefruit wedge . valestra ( intake gasp ) insert - major headline it read : second gangster slain . insert - sub head it read : have ' bat 's gone bat ? on valestra he become so agitate that he start to wheeze . valestra no! ( go into a wheeze fit ) not he throw down the paper in disgust and horror , then fumble around he tray and the side of he chair try to find something . he pull out a portable oxygen inhaler and bring the mask up to cover he nose and mouth . he start take big gulp as he lay he head back against he chair , the picture of a troubled spirit ( sfx ) . valestra ( big gulp of air ) CUT to : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 40 . int . commissioner gordon 's office - high shot - sunset Gordon sit at he desk as reeves point a dramatic accuse finger at he . reeve what do you mean you will not ? you have to go after himi gordon he do not do it . another angle - revealing high level cop stand in b.g. reeves be start to get he dander up . reeve you / have get two eyewitness , commissioner Gordon ... reeves reach over and grab polygraph papers from detective bullock . he fling it at Gordon dramatically . reeve ( cont ’d ) and they polygraph . what more do you need ? Gordon rise , try to restrain he fury . he swipe the paper off he desk . gordon '' it 's garbage , Mr. reeves . ext . gordon 's window sill batman be crouch down , eavesdropp . he be not happy . gordon ( 0.s. cont ’d ) the batman do not kill . period . int . gordon 's office Gordon 's at he door , about to leave . gordon ( cont ’d ) you want he -- you get he . i’1l have no part of it . and he open the door . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 41. on reeve and the other cop look in Gordon 's direction . the door slam , cause a couple of the cop to flinch . not reeves , though . Gordon 's impertinence only serve to bolster he misbegotten resolve . he turn to the cop . 2 reeve well , gentleman . any idea ? cut to : ext . overcast night sky - minute later suddenly the bat signal flash in the sky . hold for a beat . police rooftop - on the bat signal spotlight the police we see below be look in all direction for batman 's arrival . this include reeves who smile wryly as bullock check he watch . cuUT to : on bat signal - reflected in the batmobile 's outside mirror pull back to include ... ext . road as the batmobile barrel toward camera , away from the city and the bat signal shine above ( sfx ) . wipe to : ext . cemetery - a hour later the scene of buzz bronski 's demise , now surround by yellow police tape . the slab have be propped up by chain on a crane - like vehicle . pan over to batman on bend knee . we hear he talk before we see he . batman . ( partially 0o.s. ) there appear , to be some chemical residue on the lawn . closer on batman we see that he be speak into a mike wire to he utility belt . he pick up a tuft of grass as he speak . it have some grayish speck on it . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 42. batman ( cont ’d ) could match the trace I find in the canister . not much , but it 's be that kind of day . as batman click off the mike and slip it back into he belt he notice something 0o.s. the wayne monument - batman 's Pov softly light by moonlight . on batman as he rise and step toward it . on the monument as batman step up to it . he touch the marble softly . a solemn moment , break by ... andrea ( 0.s. ) you think they could afford a weed eater . angle at victoria beaumont 's grave andrea be kneel , tear weed om around she mother 's tombstone . andrea ( cont ’d ) sorry , Mom , but the whole world 's go to seed . at that moment , batman 's shadow move in . she look up with a start . andrea ( big gasp ) close on batman you can read the surprise and anguish in he face . he step back . on andrea rise with a similar look of stunne surprise . the weed fall from she hand . andrea ( as in " no , it can not be . " ) no ... batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 43. on batman still back up . he finally turn and bolt , disappear into the darkness . close on andrea he 's go , but she keep look , wide - eye , stunne . she realize intuitively that he must be , have to be ... andrea ( softly ) Bruce ... dissolve to : ext . the gotham sheridan HOTEL - night a brand - new luxury hotel . andrea be stay here . pan vertically up to the top floor where we see a restaurant whose picture window offer a panoramic view of the city . int . restaurant - night ( continuous ) in the main dining room , the maitre d' lead andrea and Arthur reeves to they elegantly - set table . reeves follow close behind andrea , who be not pay any attention to he as : reeve .-.. so I be have the banker cut through some red tape . he say he can roll you money into a higher - yield account . angle on there table the maitre do hold andrea 's chair away from the table as she sit . she look at reeves with a bewilder expression as she " come to " . andrea amount ? what amount ? reeve I say " account . " the maitre do exit as andrea force a sheepish smile . andrea I be sorry . I be just reminisc . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 44 . back to previous angle as a waiter step in beside the table , hand andrea a menu . reeves smile indulgently . reeve hey , that 's okay . you must have a lot on you mind . hard CUT to : ext . a cathedral across the STREET - continuous - on batman batman be perch atop a buttress , partly conceal by a gargoyle . from this windswept perch ( sfx ) , batman be spying on andrea and reeves through he miniature binocular . lightning streak the sky behind he . thunder roll ( sfx ) . back to andrea and reeve reeve remember this place ? andrea sure . you , I and daddy use to come here all the time . favor reeve he turn from the waiter back to andrea , nod understandingly as the waiter exit in b.g . reeve how be the old guy ? you be still close , be not you ? favor andrea she smile warmly . andrea closer than ever . favor reeve he flash a grin at andrea . it make he seem insincere as : reeve I be sorry he could not make it into town this time . he reach across the table , place he hand on hers . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 45 . reeve ( cont ’d ) but then ... I have always wish I could have some time alone with you . favor andrea who look up , half smile . it 's hard to read she , though she do not pull away . andrea well ... who know what the future might bring ? back on batman we see a reflection of they clasped hand in the binocular lense . batman 's head move back from the binocular . push in on he face , sad , if not in despair . thunder rumble in the distance as we continue pushing in . and it keep rumbling , louder and louder as we ... segue to : bruce 's and andrea 's hand ( flashback resume ) we do not know where we be yet , but it 's outdoors . daylight . the rumbling continue . truck out to reveal that the clasped hand belong to the 20 - year- old Bruce and andrea . above they be a monorail track . suddenly a moncrail rumble by . they look up at it and at each other , smile happily . series of shot ( montage ) - bruce and andrea tracking with they as they stroll over the gotham World 's Fair Grounds -- gotham 's version of the 1939 New York World 's Fair . a h.v. kaltenborn - style voice resonate through the p.a. system : announcer ( v.0 . ) welcome to a dream of the future . a bright tomorrow fill with hope and promise for all mankind . this be a vision of the shimmer utopia where we all shall spend the rest of we life . we follow they , hold hand and exchange loving glance , as they visit the Main Plaza , where we see a beautiful globe of the moon next to a Art Deco Buck Rogers - style spaceship poise on three scallop fin next to the moon . this be gotham 's version of the trylon and perisphere of the New York Fair . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 46 . angle on the " forward to the future " ride the young Bruce and andrea hurry into a gaily - color ride pavilion . a sign read : forward to the future present by cybertron . camera follows as Bruce and andrea scramble into a car which take they past a fanciful diorama of " it 's a small World " style doll child all singing about the glorey of life in the future set in a model city of the future . some of the " child " be riding in autogryos ( one - man whirlybird ) . doll singers ( brightly ) forward , forward , to the future , we dream be shine bright . glory and wonder surround we , a new tomorrow be in sight . closer on bruce look as if he have rather be any place else right now . this be definitely too cute for he . andrea look at Bruce and make a face , show that she do not like the ride either . they hold they ear and grin . doll singers ( v.0 . cont ’d ) with heart and hope to light the way ... angle on ride the car pass by a ultra-modern gotham apartment of the future . a life-like android housewife chop plastic vegetable in she kitchenette while she android husband recline on the couch next to he android dog . the husband look up from he paper to wave to the rider . doll singers ( v.o. cont ’d ) we will welcome in a brand new day ! forward , forward to the future , the future start today ! CUT to : int . hall of transportation " a vast , high - ceiling pavilion , open at the side ( column support the roof ) , through which the fair 's monorail track pass . over the visitor 's head , model of one - man autogyro flutter about the transportation exhibit ( sfx ) . closer - bruce and andrea Bruce and the young andrea stand before the track , hold hand as they look up in awe at the monorail train zooming by ( sfx ) . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 47 . andrea do you think we /’1ll really see any of this in we lifetime ? even as she speak something catch Bruce 's eye and he step away . she turn to he . andrea Bruce ? a prototype for a jet - powered car - quick CUT it 's mount on a pedestal . a sign identify it as the car of the future . Bruce step up to it , draw by the rear jet thruster . shade of the batmobile . andrea step in behind he . andrea ( cont / ’d ) Bruce ...? Bruce , I be talk to you . closer angle - favoring bruce he be jolted out of he reverie -- bruce huh ? - -- then turn to face andrea , sheepish . bruce ( cont ’d ) oh. I be sorry , andi . my mind be on ... something else ... tracking with bruce and andrea as they turn and head out of the exhibit . they move across the midway , pass under a huge Deco archway emblazon with the word enter the world of the future . andrea like what ? bruce oh , just ... you know ... ( off sign on archway , point ) the future . tracking with andrea she smile playfully . batwan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 48. andrea anyone 's in particular ...? or just the generic brand ? high angle - fair ground exit follow andrea and Bruce as , hand - in-hand , they pass through the turnstile and exit into the parking lot , where we see Bruce 's lino wait , conspicuous among more modest passenger car . bruce ( v.0 . ) you know ...- andrea ( v.o. ) no , I do not . when be the last time you talk to I about you plan ? on bruce’s limo andrea and Bruce step into shot , approach it . we see the Alfred stand at attention beside the driver ’s-side door . andrea ( cont / D ) y¥ ’know , dad 's be want to meet you . Bruce look pain , but catch himself . bruce oh , yeah ? she look at he out of the corner of she eye as she say this little number : - andrea but I tell nim you be not up to it yet . bruce ( with a shrug of wariness ) I can meet he . andrea ( jump on it ) great ! i’1l call he right now . and she head 0.s. toward the limo , leave Bruce stand nonpluss . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 49 . on limo she be seat inside the open back door , dial a number on the limo phone . she look up at he as she put the receiver to she ear . andrea you sure about this ? on bruce feign a smile . what 's a guy to say ? bruce sure I be sure . Alfred step in beside he . bruce ( aside ) what the heck be I do , Alfred ? this be not part of the plan ! ; alfred ( gently ) plan change , master Bruce . Bruce shake he head in confusion . bruce I must be go nut . alfred if I may make so bold , sir -- I have say quite the reverse . dissolve to : ext . carl beaumont 's office build ~- establishing - day ( flashback continue ) beaumont 's office be in a tall building on a wide avenue in gotham 's riverside financial district . a auto-and - pedestrian bridge can be see behind and to one side of the building . int . beaumont 's office - angle on beaumont and younger reeve carl beaumont , a impose - look businessman in he early fifty , sit behind he dark mahogany desk and look over some papers . a younger arthur reeve stand to one side of beaumont and offer he another file . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 50 . reeve Sir , if you could just go over this ... andrea ( 0.s. ) knock , knock ... another angle beaumont glance up and instantly brighten as he see he 0.s. daughter . he adjust he tie with one hand and push he work aside with the other as he make ready to stand . reeves look slightly honk at be so easily ignore . beaumont well , this be a most pleasant interruption . on andrea and bruce andrea beam at she 0.s. dad as she stand arm in arm with a nervous-look Bruce . beaumont walk into shot and andrea gently nudge Bruce forward . beaumont at last I meet the elusive Bruce Wayne . Bruce awkwardly take beaumont 's offer hand . bruce Nice to meet you , sir . closer on beaumont he cock a eyebrow at Bruce in mock -reproach . beaumont " Sir " ? do not be so formal , Bruce . andrea 's tell I so much about you , I feel like we be practically family . favor andrea she shoot a disapprove glance at she father . andrea ( watch it , dad . ) daddy ... on reeve he deliberately clear he throat as he gather up he papers . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 51 . reeve ( clear throat ) do not mind I , I be just leave . wider as reeves walk by andrea , Bruce and beaumont ; the latter nod toward he . beaumont oh , I be sorry . this be Arthur reeves , one of the hot young turk from my legal department . reeves shake Bruce 's hand . beaumont he 's someone you should get to know . CUT to : ext . beaumont 's office build - continuous a black sedan pull up to the door . on driver - through front window look up at the building . he be a lanky , fastidious character in a slouch hat . we /’1ll refer to he as the tall man . he turn to look back at the man he be drive . on back passenger window the window slide down to show a smoky interior . the smoke quickly dissipate , revealing a younger ( by a decade ) sal valestra with a cigar clench in he maw and a ascot tuck into he overcoat . he be the picture of a gangster buddah . the tall man 's hand reach in to open the door for he ... CUT to : int . beaumont 's office Bruce be seat in front of the father , who loom over he as he half sit on the edge of he desk . andrea be off to the side . bruce I hope we be not interrupt anything . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 52 . beaumont not at all . I be never too busy for my andi and she friend . during the follow he take andrea 's hand and look at she fondly . beaumont I tell you , Bruce , I do a lot of financial plan . when it come to money you can not take the future for grant . but all the money in the world mean little if you do not have love one to share it with . nothing 's more important than family . bruce yes , Mr. beaumont . beaumont ( call I ... ) Carl . just then we hear a buzz from he speaker phone . secretary ( v.0o . ) ( female , 0.s. ) Excuse I , Sir ... on beaumont on the word " valestra , " beaumont turn sharply away from andrea with a almost fearful expression : secretary ( v.o. cont ’d ) .- but there 's a mister valestra here to see you . back on doorway through the follow valestra step in . secretary ( v.o. cont / ’d ) he say he have a appointment . without wait for a invitation , valestra swagger in like he own the place . beaumont 's attitude be subdued , almost cow , a complete about-face . beaumont ( clear throat , then ) if Mr. valestra say he have a appointment , Virginia ... batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 53 . on valestra of he grin a sicken predatory grin . enough to freeze you blood . beaumont ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) +.. then Mr. valestra have a appointment . valestra ( to andrea ) that 's what I like about you pop , kiddo -- wide - the scene valestra sit on the edge of beaumont 's desk and help himself to a cigar . he grin knowingly at andrea , who be clearly appal . valestra ( cont ’d ) -- he know he priority . fast dissolve to : ext . beaumont 's build - tracking with bruce and andrea ( flashback continue ) they emerge from the lobby and start down the sidewalk in the direction of the ae eeaenen where the street feed into the bridge . bruce be my shirt too big , or be that my flesh crawl ? angle on sidewalk up ahead - valestra 's black sedan park at the curb . Bruce and andrea move past it . we see the tall man stand outside the sedan now , bent forward to get a close look at he reflection in the passenger - side mirror as he brushes the corner of he mouth with he finger . andrea I hear Mr. valestra have that effect on people sometimes . on the tall man - quick CUT still finger he mouth as he notice andrea behind he in the rear-view mirror . his eye widen . wider ae the tall man straighten up and give andrea a provocative leer . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 54 . tall man ( wolf whistle ) back on andrea and bruce - tracking andrea keep she eye straight ahead as if she have not hear a thing . Bruce , however , turn to look off in the tall man 's direction like he have like to give the guy a pitchfork enema . the tall man glare back , no love lose . tracking with bruce and andrea as they continue walk , Bruce still glaring off . notice this , she react . andrea c’mon , Bruce . dad just count they money . they do not tell he where it come from . bruce it 's not you father , andi , it 's ... it 's everything . just then they hear : first biker ( 0.s. ) I say , hand over the cash - box , man ! there Pov - bridge guardhouse a few foot away . there in the shadow of the guardhouse we see a STREET vendor -- a guy sell hand - craft jewelry off a black velvet - drape card table . he be be harass by three burly leather - clad Hell 's angel type . the first biker be on he foot , bike park in b.g . he have grab the vendor 's metal cash box and he and the vendor be play tug -of - war with it . the other two biker remain astride they hog , watch . on the CUT he second biker dismount , then kick -stand the bike and start toward the vendor menacingly , as : first biker ( cont ’d ) gimme ! -- or so help I , I / 1l mess up you face so bad you will be breathin’ outta the part in you hair ! batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 5s ) resume bruce and andrea Bruce start loosen he tie , he other hand clenching into a fist . bruce stay put . this could get serious . andrea react , alarmed , as he start forward , but she stop hin , clutching at he arm . andrea Bruce , no ! -- do not ! he pull away , stare at she incredulously . bruce what do you expect I to do , just stand here ? she relent , let go . andrea ( anxious ) just come 's back to I in one piece . please . he run off . she look after worriedly . back on the vendor by now the second biker have come up behind he with a blackjack and smack he across the back of the head ( sfx ) . the vendor let go of the cash box -- vendor ( fainting moan ) -- and the first biker be able to take it from he easily . new angle the vendor fall , crashing into he card table ( sfx ) . the table collapse , flatten and scatter the vendor 's ware 0.s . the vendor roll off as Bruce come run into the fray . on first biker , bruce the first biker turn to find himself face to face with Bruce , who run headlong into he , lead with he shoulder like a charge linebacker ( sfx ) . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 56 . bruce / first biker ( impact groan ) the first biker drop the cash box . it go crashing to the pavement , but do not break open . new angle Bruce grab the first biker and judo-flip he off . high angle - the river the first biker plummet into the drink ( appropriate sfx ) . first biker ( trail cry ) wide angle - bruce and biker the other two biker dismount they bike and face Bruce . on bruce he settles into a fight stance . close on bruce his expression harden , eye straight ahead , as he put himself totally into the now of the task . dial down music and sfx ; all we hear be he heartbeat : steady , not racing . his brow be smooth , he expression serene . he be the water wear away the boulder drop by drop , the bird carry away the mountain pebble by pebble . his entire be be focus on he foe ; be there three or a thousand , it make no difference . except -- his eye flicker and glance to one side . rack focus to show andrea some distance behind he , watch anxiously . he can not see she , but he know she 's there . andrea ( v.0 . ) ( memory reverb ) just come back to I in one piece . refield on Bruce ; he brow now furrow , he concentration no longer pure . another angle the two biker approach menacingly . one swing a tire chain -- the other snap open a switchblade . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 57 . second biker better have you insurance pay up , sucker ! intercut andrea - reaction watch from a distance , horrify . jam she knuckle into she mouth to keep from scream . on bruce he deliver a high pinwheel roundhouse kick , kicking the blade out of the second biker 's hand . the knife go skittering 0.s. but before Bruce can regain he balance the third biker leap up in a clumsy but effective fly side kick that hit Bruce in the midsection . bruce ( impact groan ) on wall of guardhouse Bruce slam into it , take the impact across he shoulderblade . on second and third biker they beat a hasty retreat , the second biker snatching up the cash box . on bruce he get to he foot , somewhat woozily , and charge 0.s. angle include bike the biker leap onto they bike and kickstart they . Bruce run into shot . another angle Bruce leap for one of they , just miss he . the two biker roar off . second biker ( mock laughter , hoot ) on bruce a concerned - look andrea step in , drop to one knee beside he as he sit up . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 58. andrea thank god you be all right . I be so frighten ...! closer - bruce , andrea Bruce be seethe , clearly angry at himself . andrea try to touch he face . andrea ( cont ’d ) C ’mon , let I have a look at you ... but Bruce annoyedly brushes she hand away . bruce andrea , please ... he scramble to he foot and move off . hold a beat on the startle andrea , look after ... then ... dissolve to : int . wayne manor - night - bruce 's study ( flashback continue ) Bruce sit with a sketch pad , doodling for a beat . then he stop , look up out the window , brood . ots bruce - to sketch - pad page - bruce’s drawing it 's a figure study of a man in a skin-tight uniform with a long , flow cape pin at the shoulder -- basically the batman costume , but without any of the bat-like touch : no scallop bat-w effect on the hem of the cape ; no fin on the glove ; no bat -ear cowl , etc . back to bruce he stare down at he draw a beat , then he brow furrow with disgust . he rip the draw out of the pad and crumple it up ( sfx ) . bruce ( ander he breath ) what be I still do this for ? angle - past bruce to doorway behind he Bruce toss the wad of paper into the blaze fireplace . simultaneously Alfred appear in the doorway behind he , silently . Bruce do not yet realize he 's there . now Alfred listen as if he know exactly what Bruce be talk about . Bruce pound the arm of he chair as he speak : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 59 . bruce it 's gotta be one or the other . I can not have it both way . I can not put myself on the line as long as there 's someone wait for I to come home . Bruce react , startle by Alfred as : alfred miss beaumont would be glad to know you feel that way , master Bruce . new angle Bruce turn to regard Alfred incredulously as the butler pick up the telephone extension on a endtable ( its pick - up button be flashing -- andrea 's call be on hold ) . alfred ( cont ’d ) she 's hold on line one , sir . Alfred hold out the phone to he . Bruce leap up , recoil as if the butler be hold out a handful of snake . bruce ealtre , 1 canzt . not now . Bruce grab a jacket hang from a doorknob in b.g. on alfred he look on as Bruce , wear a troubled expression , move past he , alfred what shall I say ? bruce I do not know . I just do not know ! and Bruce exit , slamming the door behind he . Alfred react , startle , then recover . he look after a beat , clearly disappointed . off which ... wipe to : close - up - bruce - night somewhere else . can not tell where yet . but it 's outside . the batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 60 . b.g. be dark . distant thunder clap be hear ( sfx ) and lightning flash illuminate Bruce 's face in staccato burst as : bruce ( softly ) it do not mean I do not care any more . I do not want to let you down -- honest . but «.-but ... it begin to rain . we pull back slowly , revealing bruce in the jacket we see he don in the previous scene . huddle against the cold . address someone 0o.s . bruce ( cont ’d ) --- it just do not hurt so bad any more . you can understand that , can not you ? we continue pull back , revealing that we be in : ext . cemetery - night - the wayne plot Bruce be stand before the monument to Thomas and martha Wayne . he gesture in supplication as if plead a case to they , try to persuade they : bruce ( cont ’d ) look , I can give money to the city ; they can hire more cop . let someone else take the risk . it 's different now . close - bruce a wet rivulet run down one cheek . the rain ? or be he let himself feel ? bruce ( cont ’d ) please . I need it to be different now . resume scene he drop to he knee , clasp he hand in he lap . bruce ( cont ’d ) I know I make a promise , but I do not see this come . I do not count on be happy . on bruce he lean forward , clutching the large grave - marker like he 's batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 61 . grip a man 's shoulder . bruce ( cont ’d ) please . tell I that it 's okay . a beat . silence . then : andrea ( 0.s. ) maybe they already have . Bruce react , eye widen ... and whirl to see andrea stand a few foot away , near she mother 's grave . holding a umbrella as she step forward out of the shadow toward he , and we truck out to include bruce ... andrea ( cont ’d ) maybe they send I . bruce rise , just stare at she a beat ... then ... new angle - bruce , andrea they embrace . tighten on bruce as he eye squeeze shut , and a single tear stream down he cheek . match-dissolve to : ext . cathedral - present - close on batman still perch here . rain be now pour down , drip off he face and cowl like tear . dial up blimp motor ( sfx ) from above . it catch he attention ; he look up 0.s. , toward the source of a light that be spilling into frame . low angle - police blimp overhead - quick CUT it drift lazily between sheet of rain , sweeping the area below with searchlight . back on cathedral gargoyle the searchlight beam stab into shot , sweeping the spot where batman have be perch ... but now he be go . fast wipe to : ext . gotham STREET - day ( next morning ) Arthur reeves be walk briskly along the sidewalk , overtake bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 62. other pedestrian and avoid puddle from the night before . high angle - tracking with reeve follow he a beat . suddenly , he stop dead as a black limo screech into view right in front of he , emerge from a alley ( sfx ) and cut he off . on limo a rear window slide down to reveal a much older - look sal valestra , beckone to he . no cigar smoke this time . reeves step into shot , approach the car . valestra get in . new angle - favoring reeve - quick CUT he look around to make sure that no one be watch , then ... int . limo reeves crawl inside warily and sit beside valestra , as the unseen driver pull away from the curb ( sfx ) . valestra ( cont ’d ) ae want , tolknow ls ls . at true ? be the batman really hit we people ? on reeve with a grim expression , he nod . reeve there be eyewitness . on valestra his feature contort into a mask of fury . valestra ( building anger ) beautiful . that 's just beautiful . why ? he never lean on we before . I be too old for this ! favor reeve he give valestra a wither look . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 63 . reeve I suppose you could demand police protection . favor valestra through the follow he begin to gasp , spittle form at the corner of he mouth . valestra what be you , a comedian ? this be the batman we be talk about here ! a freak job -- he will crucify I -- ( break down into wheeze , rack cough ) wider to include a portable oxygen tank lean against the seat back . valestra lunge forward and grab the mask , clutching it to he face as he frantically pluck at the valve , cranking it up full . ( sfx : bellows effect as oxygen be pump ) . valestra ( hungry , wheeze gasp ) reeves lean forward toward the partition separate the back seat from the driver , knock ( sfx ) . reeve ( to driver ) pull over . close - reeve give the 0.s. valestra a sidelong glance , clearly unnerve . reeve ( cont ’d ) it 's not very healthy in here . wipe to : int . batcave - MAIN computer station - extreme long shot batman sit at a keyboard , inputting data ( sfx ) . then : batman ( read screen ) o’neil fund Corp ... Adams tool and die ... bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 64 . batman ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) I should have know . alfred ( 0.s. ) Sir ? closer - on batman batman ( be : screen ) chuckie sol and buzz bronski ... they have some history together . on alfred in the weapon area . he be polish the fencing foil with a oilcloth . he look up , cock a eyebrow in keen interest . batman ( 0.s. cont ’d ) they be partner in dummy corporation set up over ten year ago . wider ~- to include batman as Alfred step toward he . during the follow , the screen show a database with a highlight move down a list of name to hold on the name valestra , salvatore . batman ( cont ’d ) the third director be one salvatore valestra . the name give he pause . in he expression we see a flicker of recognition . ' new angle - batman , alfred batman rise , turn to go . angle adjust to include the batmobile , wait on its turntable . batman ( cont ’d ) ( rise ) sal 's have company tonight . do not wait up . batman stride toward the batmobile , and Alfred -- still with the foil in hand -- step back into the weapon area . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 65 . alfred ( hopeful ) meaning , I trust , that once you be do with he , you / 11 be see she ? with batman he step up to the car , then stop , turn to shoot Alfred a sharp look . batman ( defiant ) you think you know everything about I , do not you ? back on alfred he give the foil one more wipe with the cloth , then , on the word " Sir , " jam it into the sword rack with a irritate scowl : alfred ( grumble ) I diaper you bottom , I bloody well ought to . sir. on batmobile cockpit batman leap in and without slide the canopy close , floor the gas pedal . batman well , you be wrong . rear of batmobile ( stock ) the afterburner flare ( sfx : rocket roar ) and the car start off . alfred disappointedly watch it go . wipe to : ext . valestra 's townhouse - to establish - dusk start on the batmobile park in semi-concealment in a alley behind the building ... then pan over to frame a fire - escape outside a upper- floor window of the townhouse . a beat ... then we see the bat-shadow inside , move across a window . cut to : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 66 . int . valestra 's townhouse - study - on desktop hold a beat on various papers -- personal document -- strewn over the blotter . Blue - black glove be thumbing through they . batman look up , scan the room . widen as he grab the goose - neck desk lamp , tilt the light up toward the wall start on a single photo : valestra and a nightclub singer , spotlighted in the pool of light from the 0.s. desk lamp . hold a beat , then pan over the wall , the lamplight revealing , in turn , lot more photo of valestra : valestra and mayor hill ... valestra and union chief ... and finally we hold on one more picture , revealing valestra and chuckie sol and buzz bronski and Carl beaumont , all seat together at a restaurant , all smile , pour and toast champagne . a fifth figure -- the tall man -- be a shadowy shape at the picture 's edge . back on batman reacting with widen eye-slit . you can almost see he ear twitch . back to wall photo we push in to frame the smile Carl beaumont , he white tooth filling frame , which lighten and whiten as the follow fade up : 7 andrea ( reverb ) ( mid-sentence ; fade up ) .».. - you know how much I have always want to see Europe , Bruce . and dad have business there next week ... and when we pull back , the white dull to the slate- gray of a overcast sky and we see that we have go back ten year again , as we segue to : ext . rear of the wayne estate - sunset ( flashback resume ) a rocky promontory far to the rear of Wayne manor . we see Bruce and andrea , in silhouette , strolling along . the surf pound below ( sfx ) . andrea ( v.o. cont ’d ) it 's some sort of hush -hush deal . he will not tell I a thing . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 67 . closer - andrea and bruce Bruce stop , react , clearly dismay . ' andrea ( cont ’d ) he can not even say when we /d be come back . bruce ( turn to she ) will you at least let I try to talk you out of it ? Bruce put a arm around she shoulder , steer she toward a rock near a crevice ... andrea Bruce ... bruce wait . please . favor bruce he look down at she blankly for a beat , as if try to figure out what to say . silence . then : bruce oh , never mind , I be no good at this . = he rummages in a pocket , then pull out a velvet box , crouch to hand it to she , as : bruce ( cont ’d ) here . you / will get the idea . favor andrea she open the box , and inside it be a engagement ring , with a glitter diamond big enough to choke the proverbial horse . andrea ( admire gasp ) she seem tongue - tie , but it 's only the shock of the moment . bruce what do you say ? angle adjust to include the beam bruce , as she look up at he lovingly , eye puddle up . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 68. andrea of course I will . through the following , we hear what sound like seagull chirping ( sfx ) , at first softly , but increase in intensity . as Bruce hold the box for she , she take the ring from it and slip it on , then admire it a beat . andrea I never think this would happen . I always feel like ..+ elike I have throw you a curve ball , like you never know what to do with I , ' cause I be not in the plan . close two - on bruce and andrea they embrace ... bruce you be now . I be change the plan . they be about to kiss . by now the 0.s. " chirping " be more clearly a screeching sound and have grow deafening ... wider on the CUT , the crevice suddenly erupt with a explosion of bat , force Bruce and andrea to stagger back . ( sfx : mad screeching of dozen of bat . ) Bruce throw a protective arm over he intend as they look up in awe at the bat that keep come , swirl in a great vortex , blankete the darken sky . it 's as if Hell have blow open . the crazily - flutter bat fill frame , blackening it . a beat , then ... fade in on : ext . on gotham suburban STREET - on a mansion - night - ( flashback continue ) the home of the obviously well - to- do beaumont . the Wayne limo pull into the long driveway and make its way up to the circular drive before the front door . as the limo pulis up , we see that there be already two car out front . int . bruce wayne 's limo - continuous - moving andrea and Bruce sit behind the livery Alfred . andrea notice something 0.s. , react with puzzlement . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 69 . andrea uh-oh . int . back seat of limo - favor andrea she point up and off . andrea ( cont ’d ) look like he 's get company -- where she point - window of beaumont 's study from the silhouettes on the curtain , we can see that Carl beaumont have client in there . he 's confer with they across the desk . andrea ( v.0 . cont ’d ) -- business - type company . int . rear of limo andrea turn to Bruce , puzzle . he sense she unease . andrea he do not usually see client here . at least not at this hour . she bite she lower lip . ext . limo the right rear door open , revealing Bruce and andrea . he lean forward to hold the door open for she , during : andrea ( cont ’d ) maybe we should wait till tomorrow before we give he the good news . bruce maybe. ( beat ) goodnight , baby . she turn back , give he a kiss . andrea i goodnight , Bruce ... Alfred : ! on front door we see the tall man , in a fedora , lean against a column . he be use a cuticle remover . andrea pass through frame on she way into the house . she ignore the tall man as she pass he . he give she a admire leer . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 70 . tall man ( sexual come - on growl ) int . limo - moving down the drive as Alfred pull away . tighten on bruce , stare back hostilely at the tall man he sense Bruce 's hot stare . he look back in the 0.s. Bruce 's direction and sneer . off which ... wipe to : ext . rear of estate - on crevice - next morning ( flashback continue ) we be on the crevice from which the bat burst earlier . there be a painter 's ladder propped against the side of the shaft . on the CUT , a flashlight beam play over the ladder ... then Bruce , dress in sweatshirt and jeans , and hold the flashlight , rise into view , call out as he climb the ladder : | bruce it 's another cave , all right . could be as big as the house ... bruce 's Pov - alfred 's feet stand at the edge of the pit . start on they , then tilt up , simulate Bruce 's rise Pov , up to Alfred 's face . his brow be furrow ; the expression clearly one of sadness and dismay . in he hand he hold a small package wrap in brown paper . bruce ( v.0o . cont ’d ) +.- judge from the number of bat that come out of it . ( beat ; off Alfred 's expression ) Alfred , what 's wrong ? new angle - favoring alfred Bruce rise into shot beside he , alarmed . Alfred hand Bruce the package . alfred ( subdued ) this just arrive , sir . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 71 . bruce take the package , stare at it a beat . his puzzle expression seem to say , " what the hell do this mean ? " then he tear the package open ( sfx ) . ots bruce - to package in he hand as the paper fall away to reveal the ring box . with a " dear Bruce " letter tape to it . resume bruce who can not believe he eye as he scan the note . bruce ( aghast ; mutter / read ) " ... leave with dad ... too young ... need time ... forget about I ... " ?! the note slip from he slacken hand and flutter off as he face contort in sudden sorrow . extreme high angle as Bruce throw back he head and howl -- a classical - Greek theater '' Earth cry . " bruce ( cont ’d ) ( from the depth ) noooo --! hard CUT to : int . bruce 's study - close on the portrait of the wayne ( flashback continue ) Bruce 's parent stare out at we , stiff , formal , unsmile . we pan away to frame a window ... then push in and : dissolve through to : ext . promontory - on the crevice - continuous the camera descend into the hellhole , turn and twist around rock formation , become lose in the darkness . dissolve to : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 72 . int . MAIN cavern ( the future batcave ) - continuous the camera continue panning down stalactite , drip limestone tear , as if this be all one shot . end pan on the bat cowl drape over a dressmaker 's form in the foreground . Alfred step in to pick it up , and angle adjust as he turn to hold it out to Bruce , who stand in the shadow wear the rest of the costume . he take the cowl . new angle - bruce his back to we as he put on the cowl . then he turn around , eye glow , demonic ... and even the imperturbable butler be take aback . alfred ( barely a whisper ) my God ... his master solemnly move past he . he be now someone else ... " a creature dark and terrible " ... dissolve to : int . valestra 's study - on batman - the present batman take beaumont 's photo from the wall , slip it under he cloak . he move to the open window , and in a swirl of he cape , he be go . wipe to : ext . gotham world ‘s fair ground - dusk - close on globe the once beautiful globe of the moon , the glisten centerpiece of the fair , be now a rusted hulk , a white - stain roosting place for pigeon . camera tilt - pan down across the now - abandon and rotting fair exhibit and pick up another antique -- sal valestra pull up in he dark sedan . the car stop in front of the now - dilapidate " World of the future " exhibit . a few see horse barrier have be arrange in front to keep people out . closer on sedan the door open and valestra , wear a top coat and slouch hat , warily step out . in one hand he carry a briefcase . in the other he hold he small oxygen tank and take a deep breath from it to bolster himself . valestra ( oxygen breath ) valestra lower the mask and look nervously toward the exhibit . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 73 . valestra ( nervous ) geez , if there be just some other way ... valestra move 0o.s. wider on valestra the old mobster edge around the barrier and hobble into the exhibit . angle on phantasm watch cautiously from a nearby vantage point . he melt back into the mist around hin . int . world of the future exhibit - dark valestra make he way hesitantly through the darken exhibit . all around he strange , gnomish shape be see clump together in the shadow . valestra pull he collar tighter and take a few step forward . suddenly the light flash on revealing the old mobster stand in the midst of the " World of the future " ride . only now the doll - like audio-animatronic puppet have take on a freakish look thanks to rust and decay . the doll spasmodically jerk to life as a quavering , badly - pitch tape of the ride 's formerly peppy theme song be hear . ride singers ( v.o. ) ( slur ) forward , forward to the future , we dream be shine bright . glory and wonder -- suddenly machine gun FIRE shatter one of the smile doll to valestra 's right . valestra ( terrify gasp ) valestra leap away in horror as the long , uninterrupted gunfire rip the doll to bit . all be silent as the gunfire end ( the song have long since cut off ) but the 0.s. gunman comically pump one last shot into the break pile of junk for good measure . very shake , valestra look toward the source of the gunfire . valestra ( frighten wheeze ) valestra 's Pov - angle on the joker the malevolent clown be first see only as a tall , thin shape in the shadow . just he eye , grin , and the smoke rise from he batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 74 . uzi be visible . then the joker step into the light as he toss the gun away . joker I hate that song . suddenly the joker brighten with mock - joy as he recognize valestra . joker gasp ! can it be ? Old sallie " the wheezer " valestra ! on valestra he force a nervous smile as the joker hurry in to over - enthusiastically pump he hand and slap he roughly on the back . joker welcome , pisan 's ! it 's be a dog 's age ! valestra hello , joker . do not mean to drop by unannounced . the joker grandly wave away valestra 's apology as he give he a mock - comradely hug . joker oh , sal-va-tore ! why so formal ? mi casa nostra es su casa nostra . angle on autogyros suddenly a flock of small autogyro streak ( sfx ) out of the tunnel . camera follows the small fly model as they whirl around the surprised valestra . the joker look at they nonchalantly . joker oh , do not mind my home security system . on joker as he remove a small remote from he pocket and activate it . sfx : beep . joker can not be too careful with all that weirdo around . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 75 . on autogyros they pause and streak ( sfx ) back into the darkness . back to joker and valestra the joker shoot valestra a eeepie ious grin . joker so , what 's a old - timer like you want with a two - timer like I ? valestra Business . I get ... joker ( interrupt ) ooh ! Business . sound like fun . come ... on dilapidated tram car as joker escort valestra to it . joker ( cont ’d ) we will repair to more comfortable environ . let 's see ... ( act like a tour guide ) you must be at least this tall ... the joker hold one hand up high over he head to indicate the height . joker ( cont ’d ) «..to go on this attraction . he then yank valestra up by he collar with he other hand . valestra ( pain gasp ) the joker look between he hand and valestra . joker Close enough ! on valestra joker let valestra drop into the seat . valestra ( cry of surprise ) se batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 76 . the joker slam the safety bar down on valestra 's lap so hard that the old gangster recoil . joker ( lean in ) now hold onto that hat and glass ! the joker slide down next to valestra . joker ( cont ’d ) ( normal voice , casual ) there 's a teensy little bit of a jump at first . another angle the joker pull a lever and bam ! the car shoot away like grease lightning . joker ( cont ’d ) ( overlap valestra ) wheeee ! valestra ( overlap joker ) auuuuugh ! wider on ride they streak past darken diorama of wondrous device , now decaye with age . we see space - age design refrigerator , bubble car , personal robot , etc . on joker 's craft it zoom into a well - light diorama show a ultra-modern home of the future . this diorama have definitely see better ' time , have a particularly moth - eat look to it . a android housewife , ( the joker call she hazel ) she head askew and half -rust away , stand at a kitchen counter and mindlessly chop with a rusted knife . nearby a decaye robot dog wag he expose - wire " tail " as he lay on a couch . the car shudder to a stop . the joker jump out and loudly proclaim : joker honey , I be home ! valestra crawl out of the ride , gasp painfully and fumble 's for the oxygen . valestra ( gasp ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 ide closer on housewife android mindlessly fix dinner on she perpetual cycle . the joker sidle up to she and look at the nonexistent food . joker ( kid ) what , meatloaf again ? aww , I have it for lunch . the joker gently pinch she cheek as he flash a big , playful smile at the 0.s. valestra . joker ( cont ’d ) be n’/t hazel here a cutie ? true , she 's a real homebody , but you can not help who you fall in love with . part of hazel 's face rip off in the joker 's finger , but he just casually tuck it in he pocket and move off . on valestra stand uncertainly by the couch . the joker walk in and knock the robot dog off the couch with a vicious backhand swipe ( sfx ) . joker down , rusty . ( to valestra ) have a seat , sal . tell I what 's on you so-called mind . the joker flop down comfortably in a modern-style eame chair as valestra perches nervously on the couch . valestra it 's batman . he 's go nut . closer on valestra a bundle of paranoia as he tell he story . valestra first he whacked chuckie sol , then buzz , and now he 's after I . I know it ! couple day ago I see he spyin’ on I from the roof . ( start to gasp ) valestra take another hit from he oxygen tank ( sfx ) . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 78. valestra ( cont ’d ) ( oxygen gasp ) on joker reclining in the chair with he arm behind he head . joker ( thoughtful ) y¥ ’know , I have be read lately how ol 's guano man be , wound tight enough to snap . a insane , animated expression flash into the joker 's eye and he gleefully rub he hand . joker would not it be great if I have finally drive he off the deep end ?! ( excited squeal of delight ) on valestra start to look desperate . he stand and begin to nervously limp / pace . valestra this be not a joke ! batman 's knockin’ we off and you be the only one who can take he down . another angle valestra grab up he suitcase and open it for the joker to see . the case be fill with cash . as valestra talk , joker stand , take out a stack of bill , smell they like a fine cigar , and finally use they as a fan as he mime a yawn . valestra look . five million up front with whatever you want to finish he off . the joker raise a contemptuous eyebrow as he toss the bill back into the case . joker what do I look like , pest control ? ( smug chuckle ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 79 . on valestra all control go , valestra toss the case down . . valestra think , you fool ! once he get I , how long ' till he get you ? valestra frantically grab the joker by the lapel . the joker 's grin instantly turn into a hateful , murderous scowl . valestra ( cont ’d ) you know what I be talkin’ about ! you hand be just as dirty ! dirtier ! favor joker the joker savagely smack valestra 's hand off he lapel , grab valestra by the back of he hair and thrust he face close to the shaking mobster . joker ( murderous hiss ) do not touch I , old man . suddenly the joker break into a big smile . joker ( cont ’d ) ( lighter ) I do not know where you have be . ( good - nature laugh ) wide angle the joker release valestra and place a friendly arm around he shoulder . the clown shake he head and roll he eye as valestra smile hesitantly . joker oh , sal . no one could take a joke like you . of course I / 1l help you out . valestra really ? angle on hazel still chopping away in the f.g. in the b.g. we see the silhouettes of the joker and valestra . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 80 . joker certainment ! no way be anybody gonna hurt my ol 's pal , sal . on joker and valestra valestra start to hesitantly smile and the joker point to he with delight . joker that 's it ! that 's what I want to see ... closer on joker he now point to he own grin face . joker ( cont ’d ) a nice big smile . cuT to : ext . gotham CITY ~- night - close on spinning copter blade the blade of a police helicopter spin down away from camera . the copter pass by the roof of a fancy hotel . after the copter pass , batman rise up from the shadow . he move to the edge of the roof and vanish over the side . int . HOTEL suite - continuing - dark batman 's silhouett form land on the balcony outside the suite 's bedroom . he work the door 's lock and it swing open . batman step into the suite and close the door behind he just as the outer door open . batman quickly leap into the shadow as voice be hear 0.s. : andrea I be exhaust . thanks for dinner , artie . Arthur reeves follow she to the door . reeve you know , it 's not good to go to bed on a full stomach . reeves 's hand stray down to stroke against andrea 's hand on the door handle . reeve ( cont ’d ) we could stay up , talk for awhile ... or something . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 81. on andrea her eye dart around , look for a graceful way out . andrea oh , artie . I have get a killer day tomorrow . the bank , the attorney ... andrea 's eye catch some movement in the back of the room . andrea 's Pov - batman a form in the shadow , but more than a indication to andrea that he be there . back to andrea and reeve andrea give reeves a friendly smile and take he arm . andrea but call I , okay ? reeves be pleasantly surprised as andrea give he a kiss on the lip . on batman watch , impassive , from he place in the shadow . on andrea she wave to reeves , who be on he way out the outer door . andrea good night . reeve ' night . he go . andrea close she bedroom door , lean against it crossly and snap on the light . andrea do not you ever knock ? on batman he step forward and take the photo of beaumont and the gangster from he belt . batman have you ever see this ? batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 andrea take the photo , look at it and shake she head . andrea no. batman but that 's you father . he 's the one who set up they corporate . partnership . another angle andrea shrug and move away from batman . 5 andrea so ? that 's he job . batman he be the one element that tie this gangster together . where 's you father now ? on andrea 82 . she move to a small bar , use ice tong to fill a glass and pour a drink from a elegant glass pitcher . andrea have not a clue . he 's a world traveler , remember ? why do not you try madagascar ? before she can drink , batman 's hand enter and push she hand down , slamming the glass onto the bar . batman glare at she . batman that 's not what you tell reeves . you tell he you be closer than ever to you father . andrea flash batman a ugly smile . andrea you have I bugge , be that it ? batman I can read lip . andrea then read they now . get out . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 83 . another angle a tense moment as they both stare at each other , neither one give quarter . then batman silently withdraw and turn to pause at the window . batman why will not you tell I where he be ? be you still follow he order ? on andrea he hold up she drink and swirl around the ice , look at it thoughtfully . andrea the way I see it , the only one in this room control by they parent be you . she look coldly over the rim of she glass at batman as she take a drink . on batman silhouett against the window . his eye narrow ; then he vanish through the french door . on andrea take another drink , she walk slowly and deliberately over to the door , close they and lock they tight . she turn and the glass fall from she hand . she slump weep into a nearby chair . andrea ( quiet sob ) dissolve to : ext . gotham ~- night ~- close on swirling mist phantasm 's death -head rise out of the mist . angle widen to show phantasm move silently across rooftop , he mist follow after he like a long gaseous cape . he pause as he spot sal valestra 's townhouse on the other side of the street . angle on valestra 's window phantasm leap onto the windowsill and start to pry the window open . his mist swirl around he , and when it clear we see phantasm be go and the window be open . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 84 . int . valestra 's townhouse - continuing phantasm make he way cautiously through the hall , aware of distant laughter gradually grow louder . valestra ( 0.s. ) ( wheeze laugh ) angle on den door phantasm 's hand enter and push open the big wooden de door . sal valestra , wear a robe and slipper , can be see sit in a easy chair . he be hold up a copy of the color comic section , which obscure he face . valestra ( 0.s. cont ’d ) ( wheeze laugh ) camera truck in fast on valestra as phantasm 's hand enter to rip the paper away from he face . valestra be dead , he face stretch into a hideous grin by the joker 's nerve toxin . a small bag 0 's laugh on valestra 's lap be make the giggle . rigged onto valestra 's chest be a small two - way radio-camera device . a green light on the device be blink , indicate that it be transmit . joker ( v.0 . ) whoops ! guess the joke be on I ! you be not batman after all . look like there 's a new face in gotham ... on phantasm warily look at the corpse and device . joker ( v.o. cont ’d ) and soon he name will be all over town . to say nothing ... int . hallway phantasm suddenly bolt through the de door and dash down the hallway , head for the window . joker ( v.o. cont ’d ) of he leg , and foot and head and ... i ext . window phantasm dive through the window ( sx : breaking glass ) just as the top floor of valestra 's townhouse explode . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 85 . : cuT to : ext . on street - cop car they car be park on the street . they be in the midst of sip coffee from styrofoam cup when the explosion illuminate they . bullock be in the passenger seat and nearly gag on he cruller as he say : bullock that 's sal valestra 's place ! the other cop point . driver cop look ! cur to : cop 's Pov - phantasm or to be precise , phantasm 's outline , see run inside a cloud of mist atop a nearby building . again , it could be the Dark knight . on phantasm as he stop in the middle of the roof to get he bearing . already siren be hear in the b.g. as phantasm look around he suddenly see ... over phantasm 's shoulder - batman in the distance atop a adjacent building . phantasm head 0.s . closer on batman he shoot he grapple line and swing off after the flee figure . on phantasm cloud batman swing down into the mist and knock phantasm out of the cloud . batman you kill spree 's over . batman fire a mighty blow at phantasm 's head but the wraith duck and kick batman in the gut . ( appropriate sfx ) . batman ( impact grunt ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 86 . batman drop down and spin around , trip phantasm . batman grab he enemy by the cloak and haul he up . just then a police helicopter be hear approach ( sfx ) . batman and phantasm both look toward the sound . close on phantasm he activate he mist screen and punch batman , cause the Dark knight to drop hin . batman ( impact grunt ) wider phantasm quickly vanish back into he mist as the helicopter thunder overhead . a spotlight stab down , pick out batman . helicopter cop ( 0.s. ) ( over bullhorn ) batman ! stay where you be ! batman bolt for the edge of the building . on police copter the cop with the bullhorn turn to the pilot . helicopter cop stay on hin ! the pilot nod and the copter peel off after batman ( sfx ) . on batman he race over the rooftop , jump , dodging and swinging off flagpole as the helicopter try to stay with he . batman dive for a fire escape ladder which lower downward . the helicopter have to veer off , back up into the sky . appropriate sfx . another angle on batman camera follows batman as the ladder lower he into a alley , then widen to show bullock and a number of cop , swat officer and squad car wait for he . bullock freeze ! batman shoot he grapple and swing away just as the cop run forward . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 87 . on batman he swing up over the rim of a huge stone gargoyle and run to the edge of the building . he leap off and land within the structure of a half - build apartment complex . wider on apartment structure a canister of tear gas be shot up into the structure ( sfx ) . on batman the canister explode almost beneath he foot ( sfx ) . he leap back , coughing . batman ( gasp , cough ) on swat team leader one of the swat team officer react to batman 's 0.s. cough . swat leader I hear he ! he squeeze off a round of machine gun FIRE as bullock run to stop he . bullock wait ! on batman he reach for he gas mask as the volley of gunfire from the street splinter the half - finish ceiling above he head . it fall on he and crash through the floor . batman and the debris fall to a floor below . ( appropriate sfx ) . batman ( cry of pain ) on bullock he shout a order to he man . bullock get a light up there ! wider on unfinished apartment show the gas still billow out of one of the floor . there be a terrific amount of damage . a spotlight start to play over the building . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 88 . angle on batman in complete darkness . he start to slowly push he way out of the wreckage . batman ( pain gasp ) as the light sweep through the building , we see that batman 's cowl have be tear open and he be bleed . he touch he head and see the blood on he glove . sfx : helicopter engine . batman look toward the sound . batman 's Pov - helicopter the police helicopter have circle around for another pass , but as we be see it through batman 's daze eye it look fuzzy , unfocus . batman ( 0.s. ) ( daze groan ) on batman he start to painfully pull he grapple gun from he belt . on helicopter cop lean out the door of the copter . he shout back to the pilot : helicopter pilot I think I see movement . Circle back . suddenly the cop react with surprise as the clamp of batman 's grapple shoot in , attach itself to the copter 's skid ( sfx ) . copter cop 's Pov - batman see in silhouette , swinging beneath the copter . helicopter pilot ( 0.s. ) he 's climb on ! on copter pilot he pull he gun and fire at the figure . on swat leader the leader pull he piece and point to the copter . swat leader Fire ! batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 89 . the swat officer pull they weapon and start firing at batman . on batman 's silhouette the bullet from the copter cop and the swat team rip into batman . he be bounce around wildly by the gunfire . suddenly the rip - to -shred cape fall away , revealing a see horse attach to the line beneath . on swat leader and cop they realize they have be have . swat leader Quick ! around the back ! on bruce without he cape and cowl , still bleed from he head injury . he slide down a hang construction cable to the street . he fall the last few inch and wearily try to stagger back to he foot . he look around as he hear cop approach ( sfx ) . clr this way ! bruce 's Pov - cop and bullock distant , blurry shape run toward he through the darkness . bullock you ! stop ! on bruce he lurch forward , try to escape . on fence Bruce scramble over a fence at . the end of the alley and start to run across a street . another angle suddenly a small two -seater convertible ( with the top up ) skid to a stop next to he ( sfx ) . the door open and andrea gesture for he to get in . bruce ( groan ) andrea ... batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 90 . andrea hurry ! Bruce leap in the car and it shoot away just as the cop be scramble over the fence . dissolve to : ext . mansion - night push in as we hear : alfred ( v.0o . ) there be certain advantage to have a sturdy cranium , master Bruce ... int . mansion - bruce 's bedroom Bruce be sit on the edge of the bed , shirt off , he lower body still clad in gray tight . there could be a few small bandage on he torso in addition to the skull wrapping around he head . andrea sit on the bed beside he , and Alfred stand nearby . alfred ( cont ’d ) but , then , hard - headedness be always you virtue . she put a hand on he arm . Alfred notice this . favor alfred he arch a eyebrow slightly . alfred well . I be sure I have thing to do elsewhere ... he exit shot discretely . on bruce and andrea he put he hand on hers . bruce you have a excellent sense of timing . andrea it be all over tv -- I have to do something . good thing my hotel be not too far away ... batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 91 . favor bruce he raise he hand to she face , touch she cheek . she turn away slightly , as if to say , " do not . " a beat , then : bruce I be grateful , of course . ( beat ) but I still need to know why you be not tell I the truth about you father . favor andrea she hesitates for a moment . then shrug slightly and reach for she purse . she take out a tissue , dab Bruce 's forehead . the photo batman give she earlier fall out . Bruce pick it up , look at it . andrea ( sigh ) well , I suppose the world 's great detective will find out eventually . ( beat ) you remember daddy be have a meeting that night with he " partner " ... segue to : ext . beaumont house - night ( flashback ) as young andrea leave Bruce 's limo and head for the house . on the tall man as before , he leer at ker as she pass . tall man ( sexual come - on growl ) cuT to : int . foyer i as she enter the house she pause when she hear : chuckie SOL ( 0.s. ) ( faint ) it be not right , Carl . you be a businessman , you know that . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 92 . bronski ( 0.s. ) ( faint ) sy you have take what 's ours . you be of go to pay , one way or another . andrea react to this and run inside . int . study - wide angle beaumont , look pale and trap , face the three gangster . andrea rush in , take in the situation . andrea leave he alone ! favor valestra he turn he head slowly , a sinister homunculus , and regards she through a cloud of cigar smoke . valestra I be sorry you have to see this , Ms. beaumont . on andrea as bronski grab she in a armlock . andrea struggle to use she judo skill , but bronski have she pin . andrea - ( gasp ) favor beaumont and chuckie beaumont look toward he daughter in horror . beaumont let she go ! beaumont raise a hand toward bronski when chuckie sol suddenly lunge forward like a strike asp and force he back . chuckie watch it , pop . chuckie casually smooth back he hair and step aside as valestra walk up . beaumont please , sal -- give I one more day ! I swear I ’1ll get the money ! batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 93 . another angle valestra look at beaumont . valestra convince I . favor beaumont groveling . as he speak , refield to favor andrea , who stare at she father in incredulous shock . beaumont this time tomorrow . on my mother 's grave . as soon as the european bank open I ’11l have the whole amount wire to you . favor valestra with bronski and sol on either side . valestra lean back , glance at the other two for confirmation . a beat , then : valestra twenty -four hour . this time tomorrow , we will have the money -- or I 'il have you heart in my hand . ( beat ) let 's go , boy . on andrea and bronski as bronski let she go with a little shove . wide angle bronski and sol exit , follow by valestra . beaumont and andrea watch they go . another angle andrea turn to hin . andrea dad -- be you all right ? closer on they beaumont stand and say : batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 94 . beaumont ( intensely ) pack a suitcase . we have get to get to the airport now . ' andrea stare at he in disbelief . andrea what ?! but you say you have have the money -- another angle beaumont start shove papers into he briefcase . ; beaumont it 's not that simple . the money 's tie up in investment . could take week to free it up . on andrea she 's never see she father like this before . she rush to hin , slam the file drawer shut , force he to face she . andrea but I can not leave ! Bruce propose to I -- we be go to get marry ! angle include window beaumont grab andrea by the shoulder before she can finish and shake she . : beaumont listen to I ! I just use up the last shred of pity sal valestra have ! if I do not pay he back in twenty - four hour they 'il find we and they will kill we both ! he drag she to the window , pull open the blind a tiny fraction . beaumont ( cont ’d ) look ! closer on window andrea lean forward to peer through the crack in the blind . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 95 . her Pov - STREET - night we can barely see the tall man seat in the park car . beaumont ( v.o. cont ’d ) you see ? one way or another , they 's 11 get what they want . back to shot andrea pull away from the window , look at she father . tear in she eye . andrea ( verge of tear ) how -- why do you do this , dad ? why have you get involved with that people ...? another angle beaumont put he arm around she . beaumont ( brokenly ) I be sorry , andi . I -- just want a chance for you -- I -- ( beat ) I ’1ll get you out of this . somehow we will be free of that guy , whatever it take . that 's a promise . close on andrea look up at he , tearful , hurt and betrayed -- but trust . CUT to : ext . beaumont house - night the tall man sit in the car before the house , shuffle a deck of play card . the night wind whistle outside . ext . rear of house - night we see two shadowy figure move quickly and furtively from the of the house into the wood beyond . each carry a suitcase . this we hear : andrea ( v.0 . ) we hide all over Europe . eventually settle on the Mediterranean coast . dad be able to parlay the money he bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 96 . andrea ( v.0o . cont ’d ) embezzle into a fortune . dissolve to : int . bruce’s bedroom ( present ) andrea and Bruce sit on the bed as we leave they . andrea stare at the floor as she finish she story . andrea ( cont ’d ) finally he have enough to pay they back -- or so he think . she look at he . andrea ( cont ’d ) but when he contact they , it turn out it be not enough . it would never be enough . they want interest compound in blood . ( beat ) he have to find another way . favor bruce he : react grimly . bruce the man in the costume -- you father ? andrea he say he have get they , somehow . when I hear about chuckie sol ... well , I have to come back . to , find he . to stop he . another angle she stand , look down at hin . andrea ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , Bruce . that 's twice now I have come into you life and screw it up . she start for the door . Bruce stand , take she arm , pull she to hin . closer on they they gaze into each other 's eye , and then kiss the kind of kiss batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 97 . that Max steiner write score for . angle include door Alfred walk in with a tea tray , see they , turn without miss a beat and walk out again . they do not even notice . dissolve to : ext . wayne manor - patio - day the follow morning . the sun shine down more brightly than we have ever see in gotham . closer andrea walk out sip a cup of coffee , wear one of Bruce 's pajama shirt , a look of tranquility on she face . as a morning breeze whip around she , Bruce ( still bandage and wear pajama pants ) step in from behind , put he arm around she and draw she close . she smile , place the cup on a patio table and turn to face he , put she arm around he neck . andrea can we make it work this time ? bruce I want to say yes . but you know it 's go to come down between I and you father . closer andrea rest she head on Bruce 's chest . andrea daddy do not matter anymore . cuT to : ext . wayne manor driveway - day andrea be in she now top down convertible . Bruce be lean over the car , give he girl a good - bye kiss . andrea I will see you tonight . bruce I will be here . she give he a wave and drive off . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 98 . angle on bruce watch she go . Alfred step cheerfully out of the main door . alfred it 's so good to see you and miss beaumont together again . ( beat ) might one ask what this bode for you alter ego ? on bruce deeply troubled . bruce I be not sure , Alfred . so much have change -- Alfred raise a eyebrow as Bruce walk back into the house . alfred you still love each other . that much , at least , have not change . he follow Bruce inside . int . wayne manor - bedroom - close on table on it rest the photo of beaumont and the gangster , next to a small frame reproduction of the portrait of Thomas and martha Wayne that hang in the de . pull back to include Bruce and Alfred as they enter . Bruce be in the throes of indecision . bruce ( 0.s. ) ( off Alfred 's line ) it 's true -- I love she . maybe ... after this be settle ... he pick up the picture of he parent , look at it . bruce ( cont ’d ) ... maybe then ... another angle include Alfred , who be very happy indeed to hear this . alfred ( softly ) I be sure they would have want you to be happy , sir . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 99 . on bruce Bruce nod , set the picture down . as he do so , he notice the photo lie beside it . he pick it up , study it , frown . alfred be something wrong ? on photo we can see the shadowy shape of the tall man near the other . camera push in on the tall man as Bruce say ... bruce ( 0.s. ) maybe ... cut to : int . batcave - close on computer , bruce , alfred Bruce , wear a robe over the pajama trousers , sit behind the computer with Alfred stand nearby . Bruce place the photo on a scanner . angle on computer as Bruce talk , the photo be enlarge onto the computer 's main screen . bruce Computer -- isolate image and enlarge . on computer screen the area around the tall man be instantly black out and he facial image be enlarge several time , fill in a good portion of the screen . bruce ( 0.s. ) render a accurate likeness base on visible feature . the photo now vanish completely , leave only computer generate line suggest the visible part of the tall man 's face . the computer start " sketching out " he face . on bruce his eye widen with realization . bruce ( whisper of dread ) oh , no ... batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 100 . truck in on Bruce 's face , grow angry and hard . ripple dissolve to : int . chemical plant - surreal sequence a freakish , surreal reinterpretation of the Chemical Plant where batman and the joker first meet . we see the tall man bolt back in fear as a loom , silhouett batman loom over he . the tall man fall into a impossibly wide vat of green chemical . the chemical swirl and boil , fill the screen . suddenly it turn into a swirl surrealistic jumble of purple and green color , out of which erupt various object of joker-related imagery -- play card , chatter 's tooth , harley , laugh fish , murderous robot clown toy , and finally a gigantic image of the joker himself , evil as sin and laughing to bust a gut . joker ( shriek laugh ) the green liquid fill the screen , then freeze and camera pull back to show the image of the joker . the image dissolves back to the tall man on the bat computer screen , now completely draw . Police finger print blotches appear next to he face . letter underneath pop on : jack napier . on bruce look at the image with cold hatred : bruce joker . CUT to : ext . gotham : CITY hall - day through the window of he office we see councilman reeves on the phone . reeves be pace as he speak , wave he free arm in rage . reeve you be tell I there be four precinct on batman 's boot heel and he still get away ?! int . reeve office reeves slam the phone down and glare at it . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 101. reeve ( cont 's / D ) unbelievable ! joker ( 0.s . ) tsk ! tsk ! and to think we tax money go to pay that jerk ! reeves turn , surprised by the voice . camera pan to the joxer , dress in he top coat and hat , lean against the doorway of a back room . reeve ( horrify ) you ! reeves quickly start to hurry toward the other door . joker ( smug laugh ) that 's right , artie . bring in the press , why do n’tcha ? angle on joker mugging as if for imaginary photographer . joker ( cont ’d ) whatta photo op . the councilman and he wacky pal . on reeve he hesitates by the door . reeve you be no friend of mine . on joker he look mock -wound . joker oh , artie ! I be crush ! how the high and mighty forget . : | the joker move casually toward reeves 's desk and sit down in the chair . ' joker ( cont ’d ) do n’tcha remember ? you , I , sallie and the gang . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 102 . another angle the joker prop he leg up on reeves 's desk as the councilman move closer , protest . reeve I never meet they or you . I work for beaumont . I do not know what he be do . on joker he playfully pick up a letter opener and mime pick he glove fingernails . joker oh , but you know about it afterwards ... the joker use the letter opener to tilt up the brim of he hat and then grin conspiratorially at reeves . joker ( cont ’d ) and put it to good use , eh? ( evil chuckle ) on reeve and joker reeves feel trap but still try to hold a brave front . reeve what do you want ? the joker stab the letter opener into the desk for emphasis . joker to find out who 's iced the old gang . reeve - have not you read the papers ? it 's batman . on joker he playfully hold up he palm , show a joy buzzer in it . he buzze it with he thumb . sfx : buzz . joker ; ennnnh ! wrong ! it be not the ' bat . nope , nope , nope . I have see the guy . he look more like the ghost of Christmas past . nowhere near as cute as bat-boy . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 103 . close on reeve he look honestly surprised at this . reeve you be say it 's someone else ? the joker lean in to look he squarely in the face . joker yeah . someone who would not mind see we old pal out of the way . the joker 's lower lip quiver in mock -sadness . joker ( cont ’d ) maybe -- gulp , sob -- I , too . the joker 's fake sorrow instantly vanish as he glare at reeves . joker ( cont 'd ) that 's when I think about you , arturo . a important upstand guy like you could find it awkward if certain secret be reveal about he past . wider on reeve protest he innocence as the joker rise and stalk forward . reeve wait , you be not say that I ... just then reeves 's desk phone sfx : buzy . secretary ( v.0 . ) Mr. reeves ? miss beaumont on the line . the joker look at the phone curiously . joker beaumont ? not the babe ? the joker flash reeves a sly look . joker ( cont ’d ) oh , you devil , you . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 104 . angle include phone the joker hit the speaker button . andrea 's voice be hear . andrea ( v.0 . ) Arthur ? forced to take the call , reeves lean forward to pick up the phone but the joker hold he back , indicate that he want to listen too . reeve hello , andrea . we / be still on for lunch , right ? cuT to : int . andrea 's car - traveling andrea speak on she car phone . andrea I be sorry , I get hang up . i’1l explain everything tonight , okay ? cur to : on joker and reeve reeves look at the joker nervously as he conclude the call . reeve all right . 1/11 see you then . with a flourish the joker press the speaker button as the call end . | he flash reeves a big cat- who-swallowed - the-canary smile and casually saunter around to position himself between reeves and the door . joker now be not that a co-inky - dink ? we be talkin’ about the old man , and the spawn i of he loin just happen to call . i ( smug , sighing : laugh ) haa , make you want to laugh , do not it , artie ? batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 105 . on reeve box in by the joker , frantically look for a way around hin . there be none . the joker 's laugh shadow fall over the frighten counselor . joker ( 0.s. ) ( rise maniacal laughter ) ccut to : ext . gotham hospital - night truck in on a light window in the upper reach of the hospital . laughter be come from the room . reeve ( 0.s. ) ( wild gasp laughter ) dissolve through to : int . hospital - continuous councilman reeves , dress in a hospital robe , be twitching back and forth on the bed , laugh uncontrollably . his face be twisted almost completely into the joker 's rictus grin . reeve ( gasp laugh ) a doctor and a tray - bear nurse stand nearby , try to administer to reeves , but he be move too much for the Doctor to give he a injection . doctor councilman , please ! you have get to control yourself ! reeve ( through laugh gasp ) I be try , for God 's sake ! another angle reeves 's arm flail wildly , knock the tray out of the nurse 's hand ( sfx ) . the nurse hold reeves down and the Doctor give he the shot . reeves 's laughter subside and he sag back onto the bed . reeve ( weaken laugh ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 106 . doctor there . that should relax you enough for the toxin to run its course . try to stay calm . reeve ( gasp ) okay , okay . doctor you be a lucky man . if you secretary have not find you ... the Doctor and nurse exit . camera pan over to the window to show batman 's silhouett form entering . on reeve he turn and see batman 0.s . the ominous bat shadow fall over he . reeve ( weak giggle ) oh , n-no ... on batman a dark shape loom over the bed . batman why do the joker meet with you ? on reeve he just shake he head , he mouth stretch out into a panicked grin , tear form at the edge of he eye . reeve ( rise giggle ) on batman he loom threateningly over the bed . batman it have to do with the gangster murder , do not it ? he think you be involved . why ? close on reeve tear stream out of reeves 's eye as he try to keep himself from laugh . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 107 . reeve ( fight giggle ) I d- do not know . batman 's hand reach in and yank reeves up by the front of he gown . camera follows reeves up as he stare into batman 's narrow - slitted eye . batman that 's not the answer I want . terrify , reeves start to babble . reeve i ( gasp for breath ) : b- beaumont need I to help he and andrea get out of town . he keep in touch . batman when be the last time you speak to he ? another angle reeves swallow hard , and the ugly truth finally come out . reeve year ago . my first election campaign . I be run out of money and ask beaumont for help . he say no . batman scowl grimly , get the picture . batman so you sell he to the mob . reeves start to giggle uncontrollably again . reeve ( through giggle ) I be break ! desperate ! they say all they want be they money back ! ( burst into gale of laughter ) on batman and reeve scowl with disgust , batman toss the now -roaring reeves back onto the bed . he sweep back out through the window a second before the Doctor and nurse run in and try to calm down reeves . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 108 . reeve ( cont ’d ) ( hysterical laughter ) dissolve to : int . andrea 's HOTEL roo ? look out at the balcony and the night . a batwing shape drop down from 0.s. , step into the dark roon . another angle batman move about the room , a shadow among shadow . he open the closet cautiously , glance into it , then approach the desk . on desk andrea 's locket lie there , illuminate by a sliver of moonlight . batman reach into shot and pick it up . his hand bring it close to camera and he thumb trip the release catch . the locket . spring open , revealing side - by-side picture of a young Bruce and andrea . reverse angle - batman his face be set in stone . he snap the locket shut , and drop it back on the desk . the chain run through he finger like water . wide angle he turn toward the door and be about to leave when the phone ring . he turn toward it . on phone batman pick it up , hold it to he ear and listen . . joker ( v.o. ) hell-ooo ... anybody home ? ( laugh ) angle include window with the moon shine through it . we can see three black dot hover against the lunar disk , grow gradually larger . over this next scene gradually dial up motor sfx . batman have he back to the window as he listen to the phone . joker ( v.o. cont ’d ) listen , boopsie -- even though you never call and never write , I still get a soft spot for you . so I be send you a few gift -- air mail . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 109 . the motor sfx be now loud enough for batman to notice . he wheel toward the window . the approach dot be now recognizable as the small autogyro from the gotham World 's Fair . each have the joker 's grin face on they , and each be sport enough plastique to orbit kate Smith . joker ( v.o. cont ’d ) oh , by the way -- I would not recommend jump out the window this time . ta-ta , toots. ( crazy laughter ) another angle the joker 's laughter continue as batman drop the phone receiver . angle include window the first autogyro be about to cross the balcony as the Dark knight whip out he grapple gun and fire the grapple hook toward the approach menace . ext . HOTEL room - on balcony the grapple hook shoot in and strike the first autogyro , drive it back into the next one , which be likewise drive backwards into the third ( sfx ) . pull back as the three explode like a chain of firecracker ( really big firecracker ) , do severe damage to the outside of the building wall . int . room - batman - continuous batman dive for cover behind the couch as shrapnel from the explosion pulverize the french window , send shard of break glass sleeting across the room . another angle smoke wreathes the room . batman rise cautiously and approach the balcony , a batarang in one hand , ready to fend off any autogyro that might have avoid the chain reaction . but all be silent save for the joker laughing he head off on the other end of the line . : joker ( crazy laughter ) cut to : int . future home - continuous the joker playfully fidget with the phone . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 110 . joker hello ? hello ? Operator , I believe my party 's be disconnect ! ( gale of laughter ) he hang up the phone , turn toward hazel in b.g. joker ( cont ’d ) ah , I gotta tell ya -- I just kill I sometimes ! when I be not kill other people ! ( loud laughter ) he press a button on a remote control console nearby and hazel begin laughing -- creaky electronic laughter -- as well . cut to : ext . elsewhere in the fairground - night - andrea medium close , from the shoulder up , dress in black . haunted eye . she hear the 0.s. laughter , which begin to reverb as we dissolve to : ext . mediterranean villa - late afternoon ( flashback ) a remote , pastoral scene overlook a unbelievably blue sea . andrea carry grocery in cloth sack up the step . the late sun cast long shadow . closer as she reach for the door it be suddenly pull open from within and the tall man step out . andrea stare at he in shock . andrea you ?! but he pay you -- ( realize ) dad --!! another angle she hurl herself past he into the villa , drop the sack of grocery ( sfx ) . the tall man grin , use he handkerchief to wipe he print from the doorknob . he stuff it back in he breast pocket , fix it just so . wide angle the tall man start down the step , glance at the spill produce . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 111 . tall man hope you do not buy he dinner too ... andrea ( 0.s. ) ( scream , then muffle . sob ) tall man ( laugh ) the laughter build as he continue down the step . it 's the same laughter we hear from the joker , and it reverb the same way to bring we back to : ext . fairground - night - andrea - as before her face bleak . pull back to see she dress in the phantasm costume . she raise the death 's head mask and don it , stand frame against the decaye remnant of the future . cuT to : int . future home - continuous the joker 's recline on the decaye eame chair . a big -screen tv be on , display static . the joker aim he remote , channel - surfing . the screen click from one channel to another , all show nothing but static . joker lookathis , hazel . same boring thing on every channel . I tell ya , television just keep get worse . he stand and hurl the remote into the screen . on screen it shatter and shower SPARKS . another angle - joker walk about , scratch he side as he stretch . joker ( yawn ) well , haze , guess it 's time to call it a night . ext . future home - night the door open and the joker boot the electronic dog out . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 112 . joker out , rusty ! the robot animal shatter on a break concrete pylon . ext . home - angle on entrance a black figure , wreathe in smoke , steal toward the door . int . house - joker the joker turn out the light and place a arm around he honey 's waist . joker whaddaya say , hon ? feeling the ol’ electricity tonight ? ( chuckle ) another angle he turn , see the curtain rustling in the breeze . the patio door be open . the joker raise he eyebrow . joker tsk . ai not that always the way ? y%get in the mood and company show up . wide angle the darkness before the joker seem to solidify into a column of thick black smoke . phantasm step from the smoke , glaring at the joker like Hell make flesh . phantasm Jack Napier -- you angel of aeath await . favor joker he 's surprised . joker I be impressed , lady . you be harder to kill than a cockroach on steroid . on phantasm she hesitates a beat , then pull the mask off . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 113. andrea so you figure it out . on joker smug. joker a gotta hand it to you -- nice scheme . costume 's a bit theatrical , but hey , who be I to talk ? another angle he suddenly hurl a punch at she . andrea sidestep nimbly , raise a arm toward the joker . closer the black smoke seem to ripple from it like a live thing , envelop the joker 's head . the joker stagger backwards , wave he hand frantically . joker ( cough , gag ) angle include wall the joker slam back against the wall as the tenebrous mist finally dissipate , let he see again . he glare at andrea . joker cute , very cute . ( soft menace ) but I can blow smoke too , toot . Gas hiss from the flower in he lapel in a narrow stream toward andrea . favor andrea she once again disappear in smoke . the joker 's gas stream pass harmlessly through the thick black fog . . favor joker look about in vain for he antagonist . joker Nice trick , sweetheart . you could teach ol 's batsy a thing or two about disappear . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 114 . another angle andrea suddenly appear behind the joker and send he fly ass over teakettle with a well - place karate kick . joker ( cry of pain and surprise ) favor andrea she grab the joker , pull he to he foot , then belt he again . joker qof !! . wide angle andrea stalk toward the joker , who back away from she on he hand and knee . andrea you be not laugh any more . I think you find death amusing . follow ' joker as he push piece of furniture aside in a desperate attempt to get away from she . joker oh , I do , I do . closer he back up against the control panel for . the robot . his hand crawl like a frantic spider over the button . joker ( cont ’d ) but what I enjoy most be -- close on he hand his finger push the button he push earlier . | joker ( 0.s. cont ’d ) -- a good laugh ! wide angle hazel the robot suddenly begin laughing , jerk she arm spasmodically . phantasm whip about in anticipation of a attack bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 115 . from behind . on joker he seize a futuristic food processor and hurl it 0.s. joker make you look ! on andrea she start to turn back , but the piece of equipment strike she , drop she to she knee . andrea ( stunne groan ) angle include rear glass door the joker turn and run away from the daze andrea . he crash through the door and dash into the night . joker ( fade laughter ) on andrea she jerk herself to she foot , defeat the pain by sheer force of will . she charge after the joker . CUT to : int . transportation exhibit - establishing - night considerably atrophy from when we last see it in flashback . a giant automobile tire advertising regal tire have see better day . other exhibit include a huge car battery and a giant turbine prop . another angle andrea enter shot cautiously , half envelop in mist . she react as she hear : joker ( 0.s. ) well , if it be not smoky the Babe -- just in time to meet she biggest fan ! angle include turbine prop which suddenly begin to turn . it crank up rapidly , quickly produce a intake suction of hurricane proportion ( sfx ) . ( note : the air be blow out a wind tunnel behind the prop . ) batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 116 . on andrea brace herself against the rising gale . Dust and small debris blow through shot . the wind strip away she conceal fog , revealing she form -fitting costume . on joker crouch in the shadow of what be once a concession stand , behind the turbine , hold a portable control mechanism . he twist a dial on it . joker how ' bout a little pick - I -up ! ( laugh ) on andrea andrea be lift from the floor by the wind . she grab one of the wire of the giant car battery to keep from be blow 0o.s. into the prop . closer on her the wind tear at she , ripping she cape from she . debris pummel she , cause she grip to slip until she 's barely hang onto the cable 's end . close on her hand they lose they grip . refield as she 's blow several yard closer to the prop , only to stop she flight by grab the fin of the jet car ( see in flashback ) . on andrea as she try to grip the fin , but it 's too smooth . her finger slide along the edge of the fin , until she 's hang onto the end . all the while we hear ... joker ( 0.s. ) ( rise laughter ) on batman who suddenly appear in the far entrance . he see ... andrea barely hold on . suddenly she lose she grip and fly through the air toward the turbine . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 117 . on batman he shoot he grapple gun . on the turbine as she be about to be suck into the turbine , the grapple hook latch onto she belt and stop she in mid-air . appropriate sfx . on joker look at batman in anger . joker what ?! on batman i brace himself as he hold onto the grapple gun . close on grappling gun which begin to turn , draw in the cable . on andrea as she be pull away from the turbine . on joker angry beyond word , he crank the power to the max . wide as the turbine spin to a higher pitch . the pull be so strong that andrea 's body be double over by the wind . on batman who be literally slide on he foot toward the wind as he try to hold on . on joker smiling maliciously . he may kill two bird with one stone . on batman as he slide up to a building support pillar , he step around it to use it to help brace himself . the wind be blow ' furiously at he now . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 118 . close on batman use all he strength , he hold onto the grapple device with one hand , while he pull out a batarang with another . on the batarang it 's red , fold in half . with a flip of he hand he open it to reveal that it have tiny rocket thruster . on batman look over , he throw the jet-power batarang . on the batarang which burst into jet-power flight the second it 's throw and zoom o.s. on batman andrea be reele into shot ; batman grab she up and leap 0o.s. on giant tire the batarang jet into shot against the wind and explode at the base of the tire . the tire be jolted free of its anchorage and begin to roll o.s . on joker he react to this , turn and take to he heel . wide angle the huge tire , aid by the turbine suction , roll into the huge turbine , which shatter and explode . on batman and andrea as the final piece of debris fall down ( sfx ) , they both rise , regain they bear . closer they regard each other against a apocalyptic flame b.g. batman you father 's dead , be not he ? you come into town early to get chuckie sol so you could shift the blame to you father if you have to . batman hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 119 . andrea they take everything , Bruce . my dad . my life . you. ( beat ) I be not say it 's right , or even sane , but it 's all I have get leave . so either help I or get out of the way . another angle batman take a few step toward she . batman you know I can not do that . andrea ( anguish cry ) look what they do to we ! what we could have have ! they have to pay ! favor batman torn , hurt . he take she by the shoulder tenderly . batman but , andi -- what will vengeance solve ? she look at he , eye dry and empty . andrea if anyone know the answer to that , Bruce -~ it 's you . stung , he let go of she . the sadness deepen if possible . batman leave , andi . now. please . she look at he hard for a beat , then step back . wider as she back into the shadow , batman turn away . mustering up whatever resolve he have leave , he head for the joker . CUT to : ext . CENTER of fairground - night the joker 's near the main exposition area of the fair . he run to a set of locker and yank one open . Inside be a large , batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 120 . cumbersome jet pack harness ; we be talk Bell lab here , rather than the rocketeer . another angle he strap it on , then step over to a power pole and open a circuit cabinet on it . closer Inside be a large knife switch . the joker throw it . there 's a crackle of electricity . as the joker step back , a batarang whirl into shot and smashes the circuit cabinet , which erupt SPARKS . angle include batman approach . batman ( a curse ) joker . favor joker he grin sardonically . joker you be too late , batman . there be twenty mile of tunnel under this place -- and they be all fill with high explosive ! ( beat ) in five minute , everything go up in the biggest blast since the arkham Christmas party . ( laugh ) wide angle the joker fire up the rocket pack and rise into the air ona column of flame . appropriate sfx . joker ( cont ’d ) ( mad laughter ) on batman - traveling running , leaping over debris . he whip out he grapple gun and fire it up 0.s. on grappling hook - traveling shoot up against a blurred b.g. , the hook 's tine open . it batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 121. run out of cable , stop just short of the joker 's leg and fall back 0.s. reaction shot - batman tight-lipped with fury . he toss the grapple gun aside , not wait for the cable to rewind , and dash 0o.s. long shot - batman running , hurdle over break remnant of railing . he leap onto a semi-demolished building that be once a giant computer display , climb it like a cat . closer - on top of build batman climb to the top , stand silhouett against the moon . he hurl a batarang with line attach up 0.s . on joker - moving pan down to he leg , where the batarang wrap about it . resume joker he react , look down . joker huh ? on batman he leap into the air and begin to climb the cable . on joker he lose some altitude as batman 's weight be add to he . joker you just do not know when to quit , do you ? he Pov - batman climb doggedly up the rope . he can only go so far , however , because the rocket exhaust be between he and the joker . on joker he glance to one side 0.s. , work the control and veer in that direction . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 122 . traveling shot - joker and batman batman dangle beneath the joker as they move over the dismantle fairground . wide angle the joker approach the center of the fair , where the starship and moon structure tower over everything else . on batman - moving he 's drag brutally across the rough crater surface of the moon ( appropriate sfx ) . his costume be rip in a dozen place . blood streak the lunar face . another angle the joker rocket up the side of the spaceship structure , pull batman with he . on observation deck a narrow raile ring that surround the spaceship just below the needle nose . the joker rise up past it . closer as batman be drag up he manage to hook one leg around the railing , stop he upward flight . on joker his movement come to a abrupt halt . he look down 0.s. , react . he Pov - batman anchore to the railing , pull on the rope . wide angle the joker have drift somewhat , so he and the rope be now at a slight angle to the vertical thrust of the rocket exhaust -- which mean batman can reel he in without wind up barbeque . the joker react in horror to this . joker what be you do ?! another angle the joker frantically maneuver , try to aim the exhaust so as to fry batman . this be not easy , since he have to keep himself upright so as to remain aloft . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 123 . favor batman he dodge the flame , doggedly pull the joker closer and closer . joker in another minute this whole place will be toast ! another angle batman have pull the joker as close as he can without be roast by the rocket exhaust . now he climb onto the railing and leap for the joker . dramatic angle batman grab the joker , rip at the latter 's rocket harness as the two weave above the fairground far below , drift away from the spaceship sculpture . the joker fight back , try to push batman off . joker you be crazy ! I be you only chance to get out of here ! let I go or we will both die ! batman then 1/11 see you in hell ! closer he manage to kick one of the twin jet of the rocket pack , cause it to go askew and FIRE at a angle , cause the joker to go . into a spin . joker ( cry of fear ) another angle the joker go into a nose dive , spiraling down spectacularly as batman leap from he for the railing . joker ( trail cry ) on batman he barely manage to grab the railing . he look down o.s. on joker - falling as he plummet , he manage to free himself of the out -of- control batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 124 . rocket , which jets off at a angle . on moon structure the joker fall and hit the rusted arc of the moon structure , breaking through it . joker ( cry of pain ) most of the cover crack and fall in with he , revealing the skeletal frame of the structure . on base of spaceship structure the rocket pack hit the base of the structure and explode . long shot - spaceship structure for a instant it look like we have ignition as flame billow from the base of the spaceship structure . but the structure , instead of rise , begin to collapse as the weaken fin give way . on observation deck - batman the Dark knight leap from the deck once again as the structure collapse . long shot - spaceship and moon the spaceship topple onto the moon structure , crushing it . on batman - falling out of batarang and grapple gun . he grab the protrude horizontal spire of another sculpture and swing around it , partially break the force of he fall . another angle it 's still a punish drop to the pavement . he land hard , twist one leg beneath he . batman ( cry of pain ) on joker still alive , but trap beneath the rubble . he shield himself as best he can as more wreckage rain into shot . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 125 . another angle batman stagger into shot not far from where the joker lie , presumably with multiple injury . batman 's not look much better himself : costume tear and rag , blood streaking he face and body , one leg injure or break . he limp forward . the joker look up and see he . he grin , a ghastly rictus . joker ( chuckle ) okay . I give up . favor batman he hobble toward the joker ; whether to help or finish it be hard to say at this point . piece of flaming rubble be still falling from the spaceship structure . angle include joker as andrea suddenly materialize out of the night beside he . he react , look up at she . joker too late . I surrender . tell she , batman . on batman he start forward , surprise and fear on he face . batman andrea ! you have get to get out of here ! the place be wire to explode ! as if to underscore he word , a series of explosion begin in the distance , grow closer . angle include andrea and joker a large piece of the structure crash down between they , the flame drive batman back . through the dance heat we can see andrea . she be calm as only one who embrace death can be . if there be a emotion in she face and voice , it be sadness . during the next few shot we can hear the string of explosion growing louder , even see they in the distance . andrea no . one way or another , it end tonight . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 126 . closer on her she hold up one of the gas canister . andrea ( cont ’d ) Goodbye , my love . on joker squirm . try to pull himself out . joker ( as he struggle ) for once I be stick without a punchline . ( weak laughter ) wide angle andrea triggers the canister . Black mist obliterate we view of she and the joker . joker ( 0.s. ) ( laughter grow stronger , more manic ) on batman he realize what she plan to do . he try to reach she . batman ( primal anguish ) nooo <-!!! another angle a explosion close by hurl he 0o.s. on STREET batman be hurl into shot next to a grate that be partially askew . flaming debris rain down around he . he can barely move , but he try to crawl back through the flame to the only woman he ever really love . if he can not save she , at least he can die with she . ' joker ( 0.s. ) ( crazy laughter ) another angle another 0.s. explosion -- really close -- cause the street to collapse beneath he . batman tumble into the abyss . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 127 . batman ( startle cry ) int . sewer batman , along with a shower of debris , fall into the swiftly running water and be carry into darkness . a moment later another explosion cause the street to completely collapse , bury the sewer . curt to : panoramic angle - the fairground the whole place be go up in flame as the explosion tear the grounds apart ... the joker 's wild laughter continue . joker ( 0.s. ) ( mad laughter ) in the center , at the base of the moon structure , be a small blot of black mist . but not for long -- the mother of all explosion turn the blackness white hot , cutting off the joker 's laughter at its peak , and we ... cuT to : ext . aqueduct - night batman , batter and break , pull himself from the drainage pipe . he climb onto the aqueduct and stare back at the conflagration . his shoulder sag in a defeat unbearable . dissolve to : int . the batcave - on throne chair batman sit , shell - shocked . his costume be rip and blacken -- we can see bandage beneath it . his cowl be push back . one leg be in a splint where he legging have be rip away . Alfred step in with a tray of bandage and medicinal . favor bruce he look at he fist , clinch it , then let it fall limply . he look up at Alfred . bruce I could not save she , Alfred . alfred ( gently ) I do not think she want to be save , sir . bathan hohe video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 128 . favor alfred of ~ he hurt for he . he put a hand on Bruce 's shoulder . alfred ( cont ’d ) Vengeance blacken the soul , Bruce . I always fear you would become that which you fight against . you walk the edge of that abyss every night , but you have not fall in . and I thank heaven for that . ( beat ) but andrea fall into that pit year ago . and no one -= - not even you -- could have pull she back . favor bruce he know the truth of what Alfred say , but it 's of small comfort . as he look away in sad reflection ... close on bruce a sparkle of light cast from 0.s. dance on he eye , interrupt he . he look 0.s. to find the source . another angle he stand , walk forward . - Alfred watch he , puzzle . alfred what be it , master Bruce ? on stalactite a limestone fang descend from the ceiling , narrowing to a point in f.g. Bruce step up to it . rack focus to show andrea 's locket hang from the tip of the formation . on bruce he lift the dangle trinket gently in he hand , as though afraid of burst it like a bubble . his face be fill with wonder . dissolve to : ext . gotham harbor - cruise ship ~ night a cruise ship leave the harbor . the city 's skyline blaze in the b.g . the ship be pass under the gotham Bay Bridge ; the prow be already in shadow . batman home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 129 . closer - promenade deck party noise can be hear in b.g. a woman in black , whom we see from the back with a scarf around she head , step up to the rail to gaze at the city she 's leave behind . another angle still not show we the woman 's face . a lively middle - aged passenger , ( think ned beatty ) not unlike the salesman we meet in the plane , cross behind she with a drink in he hand . he see the woman and sidle up to the rail beside she . passenger hey , you be miss the party . ( be : the skyline ) quite a sight . woman ( distantly ) yes. favor passenger it percolate through the haze of several drink that she 's not happy . he take in the basic black garb , say : passenger I be sorry . ( awkwardly ) have you -- lose someone ? on woman except for she wistful eye , she face be in shadow . woman +.. yes . hold on her for a beat . the bridge 's shadow engulf she , plunging she into darkness . cuT to : ext . gotham CITY skyline - night panning slowly the Dark Deco metropolis , until we come to the Dark knight , stand on a concrete precipice , overlook the city . it 's all he have now -- perhaps all he ever have . close on batman the eternal guardian . without love , without pity . bathan home video " mask " / final draft 12/21/92 130 . dramatic angle the bat signal suddenly light up the sky behind he . batman turn , fire he grapple gun and swing , cape flaring dramatically , toward the light . fade out the end