batman screenplay by Sam hamm base on the character created by Bob kane first draft October 20 , 1986 fade in : ext . cityscape - night the place be gotham City . the time , 1987 -- once remove . the city of tomorrow : stark angle , creep shadow , dense , crowded , airless , a random tangle of steel and concrete , self - generate , almost subterranean in its aspect ... as if hell have erupt through the sidewalk and keep on grow . a dangle fat moon shine overhead , ready to burst . ext . cathedral - night amid the chrome and glass sit a dark and ornate gothic anomaly : old City Cathedral , once grand , now abandon -- long since board up and schedule for demolition . on the rooftop far above we , stone gargoyle gaze down from they shadowy , windswept perches , keep monstrous watch over the distant street below , sightless guardian of the gotham night . one of they be move . ext . gotham square - night the pulsing heart of downtown gotham , a neon nightmare of big-city corruption , almost surreal in its oppressiveness . hooker wave to drug dealer . Street hustler slap high - fives with three - card monte dealer . they all seem to know each other ... with one conspicuous exception : a tourist family , Mom , dad , and little Jimmy , stare straight ahead as they march in perfect lockstep down the main drag . they have just come out of a bit show two block over ; the respectable theatre crowd have thin out , and now -- playbill in hand -- they find themselves adrift in the predatory traffic of gotham 's meanest street . mom for God 's sake , harold , can we please just get a taxi ?? dad I be try to get a -- ( shouting ) taxi !! Three cab streak pass and disappear . mom grimace in frustration as little jimmy consult a subway map . jimmy we be go the wrong way . nearby , STREET type be beginning to snicker . dad survey they nervously , gesture toward the subway map . dad put that away . we will look like tourist . two cop lean on they patrol car outside a all - night souvlaki stand , sip coffee and chat with a hooker . the hooker smile at jimmy . jimmy smile back . mom yank he off down the street and glower at dad . dad ( cont . ) we will never get a cab here . let 's cut over to seventh . jimmy seventh be that way . dad I know where we be ! ext . side STREET - that moment - night a desert access street , sidewalk line with the husk of stripped - down car . mom , dad , and jimmy take a deep breath and march down the darken street . a voice startles they . voice hey , mister . gimme a dollar ? the voice belong to a derelict -- nineteen or twenty , acne-scarred -- who sit between two garbage can , he palm uplift . his ratty t-shirt read : 'I love gotham CITY . ' mom , dad , and jimmy pause for the merest of second , then move on -- pretend not to hear . derelict mister . how about it . one dollar ? ( stand up ) one dollar , man . be you deaf ? be you deaf ? -- do you speak English ?? by now the tourist be halfway across the street . mercifully , the derelict do not seem to be follow . they pick up they pace . they do not see the shadowy figure in the alleyway . they do not see the gun until a glove hand bring it down , butt -first , across the back of dad 's neck . dad crumple . mom grab jimmy and back up against a brick wall , too terrify to scream . the derelict race across the street to join he confederate , the STREET punk , who 's already search for dad 's wallet . mom 's mouth open in panic . they can see she 's about to snap -- so the STREET punk , still in a crouch , train he gun on jimmy . STREET punk do the kid a favor , lady . do not scream . the poor woman be utterly horrify . tear stream down she face . but she keep she wit about she , stifles the urge to shriek , and hustle jimmy off down the street . the two punk watch they break into a run -- then chuckle , slap hand , race off in the opposite direction . ext . rooftop - night six storey up . the punk -- nick and eddie -- hunker down on the tar-and - gravel roof , size up they take . nick ( empty the wallet ) all right . the gold Card . ( toss the credit card in eddie 's face ) do not leave home without it . a chill wind whip across the roof as nick extract the cash and begin to count it . there 's a distant , indistinct clang : metal on metal . eddie hear it and tense up . eddie let 's beat it , man . I do not like be up here . nick what , scared of height ? eddie I dunno , man . after what happen to johnny gob -- nick look , johnny gob get rip and walk off a roof , all right ? no big loss . eddie that be not what I hear . that be not what I hear at all . ( beat ) I hear the bat get he . nick gimme a break , will you ? shut up ... eddie five storey , straight down . there be no blood in the body . nick no shit . it be all over the pavement . nick have no patience with campfire tale -- but here on the roof , in the pale moonlight , he can not ignore the slight tingle at the base of he spine ... eddie there be no blood , man . ( beat ) my brother say ... all the bad thing you do ... they come back and haunt you ... nick listen to this . how old be you ? there be not no bat . eddie my brother 's a priest , man . nick no wonder you be such a chickenshit . now shut up . ( conclusively ) there be not no bat . as they speak we attention shift to a point at the opposite corner of the roof , some fifteen yard away ... where , at the end of a line , a strange black silhouette be drop slowly , implacably , into frame ... eddie you should n'ta turn the gun on that kid , man . you should n'ta -- nick do you want this money or do not you ? now shut up ! shut up -- both punk freeze at the sudden , inexplicable sound of boot crunching on gravel . they turn slowly . they jaw drop . stand at the edge of the roof , bath in moonlight , be a black apparition . it doe not move . eddie stand roote to the spot , a choke gurgle in he throat , as if he 's just see he own death . the black figure advance , spread its arm . or rather , its wing : great black batwing , flap in the wind . nick drop to the gravel , grope for the gun , bring it up . and still the black figure draw closer , deliberate , menace . on its chest : the emblem of a bat , in a oval yellow field , glow like a target in the darkness ... nick fire twice . two clean hit . the strange black figure be knock bodily to the roof . tremble , sweat bucket , nick get to he foot . he whacks a motionless eddie on the arm -- nick ( cont . ) I be gettin ' outta here . -- and bend to retrieve he loot . eddie let out a strange , pre-verbal squeal ... ... and nick see the human bat , back on its feet , nightmarish , undead , moving slowly and inevitably closer . panic . sheer , raw , unrelent panic . stolen money flutter out of nick 's hand . he scuttle around the periphery of the roof , he foot skid on the gravel as he search for a way down . the black spectre be block he path to the fire escape . trapped like a rat , nick fire wildly . eddie be freeze in place , he eye glaze over , he face drain of blood . the bat tread calmly past . a leg snake out . a black boot catch eddie high on the chest -- -- lift he cleanly off he feet -- -- and send he flying through the AIR . eddie slam into a brick chimney and slump to the roof unconscious , a break , weightless puppet . this action be so smooth , so automatic , that the bat doe not even break he stride . nick see he chance and charge past the black wraith , scramble toward the fire escape ... a glove hand slice through the air , and nick pitch forward , he leg ensnare in a tangle of wire . scream now , he drag himself across the gravel roof , the loom figure of the bat at he heel ... ... until there 's no place leave to go . nick cower against the ledge , he pants tear , he hand and knee bloody . he have dissolve into total mindless hysteria . almost by reflex , nick keep shoot . he would do better if he could manage to open he eye . by now the hammer be fall on a empty chamber , but nick continue , obsessively , to pull the trigger . he weep ; he moan ; he wail ... the bat grab a fistful of nick 's shirt , and with supernatural ease hoist he into the air . nick ( cont . ) do not kill I ... do not kill I ... when nick finally open he eye , he realize the bat be stand on the ledge of the roof -- holding he out , at arm 's length , over six storey of nothingness . the gruesome black apparition speak , in a rasp whisper : batman I will not kill you . I want you to do I a favor . nick look down . Far , far below , car wink silently past . he look up . and see , in the mirrore lense where batman 's eye should be , the twin reflection of he own stricken face . batman ( cont . ) tell you friend . tell all you friend . nick howl . almost as a afterthought , the batman heave he roughly back onto the roof . and then -- casually , without a moment 's hesitation -- step off the ledge of the roof , into midair . tremble , nick crawl to the ledge and look over ... find absolutely no trace of the batman . nick be still scream as we pan up to the bilious yellow globe of gotham 's moon . MAIN credit roll : batman CUT to : int . gotham CITY democrat ' club - night a oversize campaign poster fill one wall : " a new gotham . harvey dent for district attorney " . we tilt down to find the man himself , determine , dynamic harvey dent , address a crowd from behind he podium . dent ... it be no longer enough to go after the small - time punk and petty criminal who infest the street of gotham City . crime and corruption must be attack at the root ! another angle - the audience civic-mind politico deck out in fund - raiser finery . they applaud dent 's tough talk wildly . they have just shell out $ 500 a plate for a chicken dinner , and by God they be go to enjoy this . tuxedoed waiter move among the table , deftly refilling water glass . as they do , we see a empty place setting -- the only one in the hall . some well - meaning moneybag have laid out half a grand and then neglect to show up . the engrave placecard read : bruce wayne . angle on dent dent if elect , my first act as district attorney will be to return a indictment against boss Carl Grissom ! CUT to : int . apartment - night a woman 's apartment , decorate in pastel pink and mauve . original painting and sculpture everywhere . the place reek of money . in the foreground : a man' hand , long , elegant , manicure . manipulate a deck of card , do a one - hand shuffle with extraordinary finesse . in the background : a tv set tune to the 11 o'clock news , with highlight of harvey dent 's campaign speech . dent ( on the tv screen ) together we can make gotham city a safe place for decent people to live and work and play . the hand set the deck on a end table , rap it twice , turn up four ace off the top . this most unusual deck sport a . 22 calibre bullet hole straight through the middle . jack napier decent people should not live here . they would be much happier someplace else . jack napier , 32 , be right -hand man and chief enforcer to boss Carl Grissom . his feature be delicate , almost feminine , and he take a vain , gangsterish pride in he appearance . he be also absolutely merciless . he train a cold eye on dent 's televise image as alicia hunt -- 26 , beautiful , Carl Grissom 's keep woman -- glide over in she negligee and snuggle up . alicia anything new ? jack the usual gas . if this clown could lay a hand on Grissom ... I would have have to kill he by now . alicia find jack 's necktie drape over a nearby chair . she begin knotting it playfully about he neck . alicia if Grissom know about we ... he might kill you . jack seem uninterested in she affection . his eye dart back and forth between the tv and he own reflection in a nearby vanity . jack do not think so , angel . I be too valuable . that 's the way I have plan it . ( pause ) and besides , he do not know . jack check he watch , reach for he topcoat , and stand in front of the vanity . he run a hand through sculpt hair , check out he Albert nipon ensemble . alicia you look just fine , Jack . he smile at himself before turn to the door . jack ... I do not ask . CUT to : ext . alleyway - night the scene of the earlier mugging , a half - block off gotham Square . only now , the desert alleyway be a beehive of activity : police car , a ambulance , a forensics van . eddie the punk go past on a stretcher , catatonic . watch he be a porcine cop , lo. eckhardt , and a police medic . medic that one there will not say a word . the other one 's rave he head off . eckhardt variety , huh ? the spice of life . at the mouth of the alley , we find alexander knox -- thirty , hyperactive , a crime reporter for the gotham gazette . at the moment , he 's chat with a uniform patrolman . patrolman they find he hugging a drainpipe . he be scared to come off the roof . knox great , but tell I : be this another you - know - what ? ' Cause if so , it 's the third one this week . patrolman ( testily ) I dunno . what 's " what " ? knox good answer . I be gonna put you in for a commendation . knox spot eckhardt and the medic , wave cheerily , and saunter down the alley . eckhardt curse under he breath . eckhardt oh Christ , it 's knox . knox hiya , gent . this anything I should know about ? eckhardt nothing out of the routine . at this exact moment two uniform patrolmen drag a brain - fry nick past the mouth of the alley . nick a bat , I tell you , a giant bat ! he want I to do he a favor ...! knox tilt one eyebrow . eckhardt and the medic trade disgust look . knox no offense , boy , but this guy be see something up there . eckhardt no comment . print what you like . knox come on . one question . be there a six - foot bat in gotham City ? knox 's tone be jokey , but only half - jokey . eckhardt snort in disgust and turn away . knox shout after he : knox ( cont . ) if so , be he on the police payroll ? if so , what 's he pull down after tax ? ext . STREET - that moment - night we pick up lt . eckhardt as he emerge onto the side street . he 's head for he car when he spy a stretch limo idling across the street . lean on the hood , wave hi , be the dandyish jack napier -- flanke by two impressive goons . eckhardt throw a nervous glance back in knox 's direction . he turn leave , gesture to jack to meet he farther up the block . by the time he reach the corner jack have swaggere up alongside he . eckhardt take a fat brown envelope from jack and stuff it quickly in he coat . jack you do not show up . eckhardt we have another bat sighting . jack I be sure that be vitally important . listen : thing be heating up . someone be leak information to harvey dent . eckhardt bristle . there 's no love lose between this two . eckhardt I be do the best I can . if it 's a problem -- jack eckhardt ... we problem be you problem . eckhardt I will work on it . jack reach out and grab eckhardt by the lapel of he topcoat -- a italian job , obviously expensive . he rub the material between he finger . jack very nice , Lieutenant . but a little ostentatious on a cop 's salary , do not you think ? eckhardt ( knock he hand away ) I answer to Grissom , punk . not to you . jack you be a smart boy , eckhardt . you should be think about the future . eckhardt laugh in he face . eckhardt ambition . ( nodd he head ) forget it , Jack . you will never run that organization . jack and why 's that ? eckhardt you be a psycho , friend . you be a a-one crazy boy and Grissom know it . jack lash out and backhand eckhardt across the face . the fat cop , stunne , turn bright red and charge jack . jack clap a hand on eckhardt 's face and shove he back full - force . the cop sprawl on he ass in the doorway of a all - night Cuban - chinese restaurant . by now patron be stare out of the restaurant window . eckhardt be livid . his hand go instinctively to he gun . jack here . use mine . jack pull a automatic from he pocket and toss it in eckhardt 's lap . he look down and laugh , dare eckhardt to pick it up -- just as the two enormous goons from the stretch limo appear behind he for reinforcement . eckhardt wipe blood from he mouth as jack -- a a-one crazy - boy grin on he face -- reach down for the gun . jack ( cont . ) it 's all right , boy . Lt. eckhardt here be a good cop . a real good cop . ( pause ; smile ) inexpensive . dissolve to : int . gotham globe - CITY room - day gotham city 's lead tabloid daily . copy boy rush to and for ; reporter pound out article on computer terminal . alexander knox saunter in , a sheath of type page in he hand , and pause at a cartoonist 's draw table . knox what have you get for I , Jerry ? jerry hold up a cartoon : a human bat , with a awful , fange rodent 's face , wear a business suit . the caption at the top read : " have you see this man ? " knox nod in approval . knox ( cont . ) Nice , but ... maybe a little more gore on the fang , huh ? he pat jerry on the shoulder , move on . a bespectacled colleague spot he and call out : colleague hey knox , you get a visitor . knox I be real busy , Clark . be a pal and dust he , okay ? colleague this one you might want to dust yourself . curiosity pique , knox move toward he desk ... and stop in he track . propped up on the desk be a pair of legs . the leg -- exceptionally nice one -- be attach to a woman lean back in knox 's swivel chair , take a nap , she face obscure by a big outrageous hat . knox ... Vicki vale . the hat tip back . VICKI vale , she face frame by a shock of bright red hair , flash a dazzle smile . she pull knox over for a quick smooch and laugh . VICKI how would you know it be I ? knox honey -- I would know any randomly select square inch of Vicki vale. ( grin ) if I have a good enough hint . he point at the oversize camera bag on he desk . it bear the monogram " v.v . " VICKI catch on , make a face at he . knox ( cont . ) where the hell have you be ? VICKI a nice , restful vacation . she reach into the camera bag and pull out a stack of glossy 8x 10' : combat photo from some unspecified war-torn corner of the world . knox leaf though they , impressed . knox God , a girl could get hurt do this . VICKI I do get hurt . she unbutton she sleeve , roll it back to show knox a long fresh scar on the inside of she arm . he wince -- then point to the scar and add , slyly : knox get any more of that ? VICKI nothing I be at liberty to reveal here . what 's new and hot in gotham City ? knox it 's too good , vick . we get a six - foot bat that swoops out of the night and prey on evildoer . VICKI ( laugh ) evildoer , huh ? Big or small ? knox small so far . I mean -- they do not allow bat in boardroom , do they . VICKI speak of which ... I hear the notorious Bruce Wayne be throw a big do for the harvey dent campaign . knox yeah . hottest ticket in town . every law and ' order freak in the city 's gonna be there . knox suddenly freeze . it 's just occur to he that VICKI may have a purpose in all this . knox ( cont . ) wa -a-it. Vicki . you be not say -- she reach back into she camera bag and hand over a invitation . knox be all but panting with excitement . knox ( cont . ) aw , Vicki . Vicki ! ( apprehensively ) get a date ? she flutter she great big eyelash , shake she head no . knox grab she face and plant a kiss on she forehead , nearly knock she out of the swivel chair . knox ( cont . ) Vicki , baby , I love you , I have always love you . will you marry I ? VICKI ( straighten she clothes ) no . knox well , I be starve . will you at least buy I a hamburger ? VICKI yes , but please -- be gentle . overwhelm with glee , he offer she he arm . CUT to : int . penthouse - day a huge plate glass window open on the best view in gotham . this spectacular penthouse suite be just one of the power perk available to carl grissom , kingpin of the gotham City racket , fat , fifty , and utterly without charm . grissom , behind a big broad desk , address he lieutenant -- a fearsome assemblage of bloodless white - collar type and few outright goons , sprawle in chair throughout this makeshift ' boardroom . ' the big boss wave a copy of the gotham Globe -- with harvey dent 's face on the cover . grissom nine point ahead in the new poll . I do not like the way this be shaping up . jack napier slouches in a easy chair off to grissom 's right , do he trademark one- hand shuffle . jack we can always pop he . -- or pop someone close to he . lieutenant let 's feed he to the bat . this suggestion draw chuckle from several member of the crowd . grissom be unamuse . grissom he 's go after we front company . specifically Ace Chemical . which would tie we in with councilman kane , Senator Miller ... on up the line . ( pause ) we have to clean out we file before the subpoena come down . lieutenant how do we go ? the usual fire ? grissom I be think break - in . trash the office , remove the relevant document ... jack " industrial espionage . " grissom that 's right . and Jack -- ( pause ) I would like you to handle this operation personally . jack have just turn up the third ace off the top of the deck . his hand freeze in midair . jack ... I ? at this exact moment , metal door slide back -- and alicia hunt step out of grissom 's private penthouse elevator . she 's carry a handful of shopping bag . grissom hello , sweetheart . I wonder if you would mind wait in the other room . alicia 's gaze meet jack 's as she vanish through a side door . the eye contact be not lose on grissom . jack why do you need I to handle a simple break - in ? grissom ( emphatically ) because I want someone I can trust . jack bridle , but do not protest . nervously , he turn the fourth card off the top of the deck . it 's not a ace . it 's a joker -- a joker with a neat , round , .22 calibre hole through its face . grissom ( cont . ) we will work out the detail later . but it 's get to be soon . -- all right , that 's all for now . grissom' cronies get up to go . jack , troubled , linger behind a moment . grissom ( cont . ) you do not mind , do you Jack ? it 's a important job . I can not trust it to somebody who will screw up . jack I understand . grissom ( smile ) Jack . do not forget you lucky deck . jack pocket the deck and leave . grissom sit behind the big desk and grins wolfishly . grissom ( cont . ) my friend , you luck be just about to change . he reach for the phone . alicia appear in the doorway nearby , modeling she new purchase for he . he smile coolly at she as he speak into the receiver . grissom ( cont . ) get I Lieutenant eckhardt . CUT to : ext . wayne manor - establishing - night a vast , rambling mansion on sixty wood acre a half - hour 's drive from gotham : old money , and how . out front , a team of red-jackete valet be parking expensive car . int . ballroom - night a dealer' hand push card out of a shoe ( the card kind , not the florsheim kind ) . it 's casino night at Wayne manor ; the ballroom have be outfit with roulette wheel , blackjack table , etc. , and the various member of gotham 's power elite be happily -- and legally -- throw money into harvey dent 's campaign kitty . dent himself be surround by a gang of political croney , tell joke , call in favor . VICKI 's off in another group , look luscious , draw compliment from big shot and envious , furtive glance from they wife . and , in a corner of the room , all alone in he cheap suit , stand alexander knox -- stare inquisitively up at the ceiling . a butler , alfred , appear alongside knox with a trayful of champagne glass . he too look up at the ceiling . knox how high up would you say that be ? alfred I would say about thirty foot , sir . knox you know , if you cut you bathroom in half , you would have my apartment . alfred which bathroom be that , air ? knox the small one . knox take a drink and alfred move on . a moment later , VICKI detach herself from she little circle of admirer and hook up with knox . knox ( cont . ) man , I feel like Robin Leach . you actually know all this people ? VICKI some . I be a rich bitch , remember . ( pause ) I be quote . knox wince at the reminder . she smile and take he arm . knox yeah , I guess we move in different circle . -- though I do meet a one - eye pimp last week . angle on jame W. gordon gotham 's Police commissioner , a distinguished - look go in he late fifty . he 's at a crap table , blow into he fist . onlooker root he on as he let the dice fly . snake eye . crapped out . gordon pass the dice as knox and VICKI wander up alongside he . knox commissioner Gordon ! what do you hear from we pointy - ear friend ? knox put he hand up behind he head and wiggle he finger -- like little bat ear . gordon groan . gordon knox , for the ninth time , and you can quote I -- there be no bat . knox aww , commissioner . there 's gotta be one honest cop in gotham city . harvey dent be work the room . he amble up , clap a friendly hand on gordon 's shoulder . dent how 's you luck , Jim ? knox Mr. dent . what 's you stand on winge vigilante ? dent exchange a meaningful look with gordon . dent Mr. knox , I think we have enough real problem in this city without worry about ghost and goblin and Halloween character . CUT to : ext . ace chemical CO . establishing - night a neon sign read : " ace chemical . for a modern tomorrow . " from the sign we pan over to a metal sluice gate -- dump ton of churning toxic sludge into gotham 's East River . int . van - that moment - night tight on the rear-view mirror . jack napier be meticulously apply black camouflage paint to he face . he could be get ready for a date . the van be park outside a chain -link fence which surround the Ace Chemical complex . jack Pov - through windshield the security guard in a glass booth at the entrance to the parking lot . one of jack boy creep up behind the booth and take the guard out . int . van - on jack he turn the key in the ignition , shift into first . CUT to : int . wayne manor - night knox and VICKI be take a unauthorize tour of bruce 's house , wander through room decorate in wildly divergent motif , eyeing a astounding collection of artwork and antique from every corner of the world . knox my question be , where do one man get all this junk . VICKI all over the world . they say he spend most of the year overseas -- until recently , anyway . knox Holy shit ... knox go goggle - eye as they enter the library . int . bruce wayne's library - night knox ( cont . ) ... we find the arsenal . one wall be line to the ceiling with leather - bound volume . on the other wall hang exotic weapon . halberds . maces. blowgun . bolas . thugee rope and samurai sword ... every arcane implement of death the human mind have ever devise . knox let out a low whistle . knox ( cont . ) this guy have just get interesting . what else do you know ? VICKI just what I have hear . rich. reclusive . Old money and lot of it . knox like to kill ? VICKI ( smile ) woman find he magnetic . knox I bet they like he for he big charity ball . VICKI that , and the sweet smell of two hundred million buck . knox well , you know I . the more they have get , the less they be worth . ( scan the room ) this guy must be the most worthless man in America . just then , a voice from behind intrude . bruce wayne you disappoint I . why not the world ? knox turn . we get we first good look at the smile face of bruce wayne : 32 , tall , athletic , impeccably mannered ... and intensely handsome . knox I assume in my usual charming manner I have just insulted the host . ( extend a hand ) Alexander knox . bruce Bruce Wayne . -- I have read you work . I quite like it . knox great . give I a grant . bruce I might consider it if you introduce I to miss vale . knox blink at VICKI . bruce already seem to know who she be . knox shrug and forges bravely ahead : knox " this be miss vale . " -- that feel redundant . bruce ( to VICKI ) you be just back from corto maltese . I see you combat photo . quite a departure for you . VICKI that 's intrigue . they have not be publish yet . bruce smile and ignore the imply question . bruce ... you have a extraordinary eye . he 's lay on the charm now . knox , he territorial instinct arouse , pipe up : knox some people think she have two . VICKI shoot knox a sidelong glance : VICKI do not mind my friend . he 's a little nervous tonight . knox , chasten , call off the dog and size up he competition . bruce be charming , all right , but there 's something formal , maybe even calculate about it -- he could be read he clever remark off cue card . it 's almost as though he 's a actor do a brilliant imitation of charm . this be a man who think three move ahead . knox do not like he . but VICKI -- who 's use to see male charm turn on and off , at will -- do not seem to mind at all : VICKI ( cont . ) this be a amazing house . I would love to shoot it sometime . bruce I do not ... seek publicity . -- will you be stay in gotham for a while ? VICKI as far as I know . bruce good . then with any luck we will run into each other . suddenly alfred , the butler , appear in the doorway behind they . he clear he throat . bruce turn . alfred Excuse I , sir . commissioner Gordon be compel to leave -- very unexpectedly . he ask I to convey he regret . bruce thank you , alfred. ( to VICKI ) I hope you will excuse I . it be a great pleasure meeting you . ( to knox ) and you . without bother to shake hand bruce do a sharp 180 and stride hurriedly out of the room . knox I know the rich be different , but that guy be real different . VICKI , stare off after bruce , do not seem to hear he . knox ( cont . ) hello ? Vicki ? VICKI oh. sorry . I be think . knox what be you think ? VICKI yum , yum . knox well , he must like the way he look . he 's get a mirror in every room . and indeed , the two of they be stand before a enormous wall mirror , eight foot wide , run from floor to ceiling . VICKI I get it . Bruce vain . she poke knox . he groan at the dumb pun . and suddenly we CUT to : reverse angle - through the mirror look down on knox and VICKI -- through one - way glass -- as they continue to chat . behind the mirror ... recording everything that happen in the room ... be a small , silent , state - of - the -art surveillance camera . closeup - video monitor show knox and VICKI in the library . camera pull back to reveal that the screen we be watch be only one in a whole vast bank of video monitor . from this control center , we can see everything that 's happen in the house . now we zero in on a single screen : guest move backward , with exaggerated speed , as a videotape rewind . at the panel , bruce wayne hit a button . and now we see commissioner gordon talk to a uniform policeman . patrolman ... anonymous tip . tonight . the Ace Chemical company . gordon ( obviously agitate ) good Lord , it we could put we hand on Jack Napier ... why be not I tell about this ? who 's in charge of the -- patrolman Lt. eckhardt , sir . gordon eckhardt . oh my God ... and suddenly commissioner gordon be grab for he coat . the monitor go black . bruce reach up , loosen he tie . CUT to : ext . ace chemical CO . - parking lot - night unmarked police car be pull into the lot , headlight off . eckhardt circulate among he armed swat team , hand out xerox copy of a photograph . the photograph be a full - face shot of jack napier . eckhardt shoot to kill . int . ace chemical - file room - night SPARKS fly . a safecracker , in welder 's mask , train a blowtorch on the office safe . behind he , jack hood be at work on the filing cabinet . the safecracker kill he blowtorch and open the metal door of the safe , give jack a good look at its content : safecracker ... empty . hood I just like the file cabinet . hood ii I do not get it . if this place be clean out already , what do we need five man ? jack shake he head . his boy be antsy , ready to mutiny . by now it 's depressingly obvious : they have be set up . then , as if they need any proof -- a siren blare outside . ext . ace chemical - night eckhardt's swat team go wide - eye as a convoy of police black - and -white roar into the Ace parking lot . uniformed cop pile out of they squad car , relieving the swat team . eckhardt go livid as commissioner gordon approach . eckhardt what be you try to do , blow the collar ? gordon ( to swat team ) you man be dismiss . we will take over from here . ( to uniformed cop ) any man who open fire on Jack Napier ... will answer to I . eckhardt try to slink off . gordon grab he roughly . gordon ( cont . ) you. stick around . int . ace chemical - that moment jack and he hood ducking out of the office . it 's two storey above the refinery floor , accessible by a network of steel ladder and catwalk run between the wall . down below , a corrugate metal door begin to rise . cop freeze ! one hood go into a crouch and open FIRE . half of he colleague dive back into the office , look for a rear exit . the other take off across the catwalk . angle on gordon stand in the doorway as he men rush into the building and take they place behind heavy machinery . shot ring out as the hood scatter . eckhardt ( snidely ) Nice work , commissioner . gordon I be in charge here . not Carl Grissom . int . hallway - that moment two hood run down a tile corridor in the office section of the complex . they be almost at the end of the hall when a cape black shadow step into they path . it stand there , motionless . extend its arm -- like giant wing -- revealing the yellow - and - black insigne on its massive chest . batman . one millisecond later , the shocked hood be racing back in the opposite direction . the batman fling a handful of steel ball -bearing across the tile floor . hood I tumble to the floor and land hard , lose he breath . hood ii roll and pull a gun . batman hurl a boomerang -- its edge scallop , like a bat 's wing . hood ii find he gun hand pinned to the wall by the twin prong of the batarang . the batman stride briskly toward they , businesslike , take he time . he grab a handful of hood I 's hair , lift he head off the floor , knee he in the face . he turn to the petrify hood ii . chrome -steel talon spring out of he fingertip . he stroll past hood ii , reach out casually to give he a quick nick on the chin . hood ii slump against the wall , unconscious . angle on jack down on the floor , racing along a wall , throwing switch -- anything to create a diversion . with every switch he throw , another gigantic machine roar to life . centrifuge spin . huge polymer extruder spit out thick strand of plastic gunk . overhead chemical tank rotate into place over giant basin . jack sees a squad of cop on he tail , move from machine to machine , keep cover . he shoot and run . angle on catwalk blasting away , hood III and iv scuttle across the elevate walkway , keep down , avoid police fire . one of they start up a vertical ladder lead to the next catwalk up . batman plunge past on the end of a rope . a black -gloved hand snatch at hood III 's collar as he climb and yank he cleanly off the ladder . they drop to the lower catwalk . hood iv gape . he level he gun at batman , who stand he ground , hold onto the rail of the catwalk for support . a bullet hit he squarely in the chest . he do not fall . hood iv turn and scramble . batman go to he belt for a miniature spear gun . he point it at hood iv and fire ... plant a barbed hook in the hood' leg . angle on cop stare up in utter disbelief at the action on the catwalk . cop look ! gordon my God ... it 's he . angle on catwalk hood III , on he foot now , charge batman from behind . batman -- not even turn to face he -- drop hood III with a elbow . now he have a hood on either side . he take a steel billy club from he belt , whip it once through the air . it telescope out into a four - foot staff . like a drum majorette from hell , he whirl the staff as the hood converge on he . hood III take a debilite jab under the jaw . batman spin on he heel and slam the staff into hood iv 's back -- knock he off the catwalk to the factory floor forty foot below ! int . ace loading BAY - that moment jack spot a possible out . he hit a button on the wall ; steel door rise to reveal ace cargo truck in the parking lot outside . Beyond the truck ... a army of cop wait for jack to make he move . no go . he turn . behind he , other cop -- the inside team -- be rush at he in full riot gear . jack duck behind a forklift and dart into the adjacent room . int . chemical supply room - a moment later jack sprint through the room , fire four shot at the metal chemical tank on the wall . toxic chemicals gush out onto the floor in stream . the stream run together ... begin to smoke and sizzle . cop right behind he . jack can not resist take one last pot-shot at a fifth chemical tank . a explosion knock he off he foot . int . factory floor - a moment later cop look on in puzzlement as a river of chemicals course out into the main refinery . a second later , they go up in flame . a wall of FIRE bisect the factory floor . jack race along behind the spread wall of flame . the cop can not see he now . he duck behind a huge machine , hit a switch -- and sluice gate OPEN . chemical sludge begin to churn . a big hole in the wall appear as a gate open on the East River . it 's the waste dump ! up on the catwalk , batman have a perfect view of jack . if jack can just sprint through the flame without get shot , he will make it to the river . batman hook a rope to he batara , fling it at a catwalk across the floor . jack bolt . burst through the wall of fire . and just as he do -- batman leap off the catwalk and swing down toward he ! his foot catch a thirty - foot roll of plastic , six foot in diameter , one of several stand upright on the floor . the plastic roll drop into jack 's path , blocking he exit . a instant later , batman land on top of jack . wrap a arm around he throat and raise he free hand . drug - tipped steel talon appear . but before he can paralyze jack ... voice hold it ! in all the ruckus , hood V have manage to circle back behind the heavy machinery . now he 's get a gun point directly at commissioner gordon' head . hood V let he go or I will do it . batman release jack and stand back . jack chuckle to himself : what loyalty . then , with plenty of time , he stroll across the floor to a Jacob 's ladder mount on the back wall ... and begins to climb toward the catwalk . all action stop . batman do not move . the cop do not move . hood V stand there sweat , he gun hand shaking as he wait for jack to climb safely out of shoot range . eckhardt 's pig-like eye glisten . his hand drop to he side . he 's half - tempt to pull a gun and get the commissioner plugge . angle on jack at a crouch , grop he way along the rail of the catwalk . he reach a panele glass window propped open by a support rod . it 's a forty - foot drop to the swirl black current of the East River ... and freedom . he 's about to climb out when he eye fall on a .38 automatic -- which lie , abandon , on the gridwork floor of the catwalk mere yard away . angle on factory floor the hood , one arm around gordon . with he gun at the commissioner 's temple , he back slowly toward the door . hood V nobody make a move . we go out clean . jack voice eckhardt !! all eye turn to the catwalk overhead , where jack stand poise with the .38 in he fist . a single shot drop eckhardt cleanly . the moment 's distraction be all batman need . he hurl a ninja wheel -- a small , ratchete , razor - sharp disc -- at the forearm of hood V . one jerk of a thin filament wire -- a sudden shriek -- and gordon be free . the thug lurch forward . his gun drop to the floor , discharging accidentally . a ungodly howl of pain echoe out from the catwalk above . jack reel and stagger , he hand clutching at he cheek . blood gushes from between he finger . jack napier have be shot through the face . a young cop , unnerve by the sight of jack 's agonize pirouette , draw he gun and open FIRE . gordon no !! but the bullet have catch jack in the arm . he spin , totter to the edge of the catwalk ... and topples over . the cop look on helplessly as jack plunge two stories down into a catch basin full of bubbling toxic waste , scream all the way . gordon ( cont . ) goddammit , we have he . we -- and suddenly , with jack out of the picture , all attention focuss on the batman . cop reach for they gun , circle warily around he . cornere now , he back off slowly , hand on he belt . gordon ( cont . ) hold it right there , mister . the batman raise he hand in a gesture of surrender . then -- as the cop advance -- he flick two tiny capsule onto the factory floor . a blinding flash of light . color burst in a wild pyrotechnic display . cop stumble backwards , momentarily dazzle , as a thick wall of black smoke conceal batman from view . a tiny grappling hook rocket out of the dense curling cloud and catch on a catwalk overhead . cop look ! the cop be fire wildly into the smoke . but it 's too late . at the end of a cord , the black majestic figure of the batman whip upward , rise out of the smoke like a avenge angel -- and disappearing into the shadowy height , safely out of range . gordon hold you FIRE ! cop ... who be this guy ? gordon I do not know , but he 's one hell of a showman . CUT to : ext . ace chemical CO . - that moment - night a black shadow scurries across the roof . from the illuminate sign with its neon ace , we pan down past the chemical sluice to a second ace ... a card from jack 's lucky deck , pierce by a neat , round bullet hole , bob on the oily surface of the foul , pollute river . as deadly toxin gush forth , other card from the deck swirl past : a nine . a deuce . a queen . and finally , a joker -- shot cleanly through the face . a bone - white hand break the surface as we SHOCK CUT to : int . gotham globe - CITY room - day a banner headline on the late edition of the Globe : " bat man foil robbery . who be masked vigilante ? " behind the newspaper , foot propped up on he desk , be a jubilant knox . he 's on the horn to commissioner gordon . knox commissioner . do we both a favor . do not tell I some lie you will have to retract later . click . knox grin , lower the paper , find himself look up at the smile face of VICKI vale . knox ( cont . ) vick ! look like we friend the bat be get ambitious . -- why the dopey grin ? VICKI guess who 's get a date with Bruce Wayne . knox Bruce Wayne ? date ? he call you up and ask you for a date ?... shit. ( shouting ) hey miranda ! c'mere ! ( to VICKI ) I want you to pay close attention to this . miranda -- tell my friend here what you tell I about Bruce Wayne . a superannuated southern belle toddle over . miranda reitz , 60 , be the society editor of the Globe . miranda you mean mister one-nighter ? knox yeah . " mister one-nighter . " ( to VICKI ) because that 's the average length of he relationship with woman . miranda the current record be almost two week . that cover girl -- what 's she name ? you must have shot she , Vicki -- knox tell she about the peanut . VICKI peanut ? knox yeah . peanut . which be how he go through woman . miranda like planter 's peanut . VICKI be about to break out into helpless giggle . VICKI plain or roast ? ( stand up ) Alex , I be very flatter that you have go out and do all this research . knox why ? ( blush suddenly ) aw , come on , Vicki , I be a reporter . I be curious . I do this for a live . -- what would you tell he ? VICKI I tell he yes . knox fume . VICKI shake she head and laugh . she take knox 's face in she hand , plant a kiss on he forehead . VICKI ( cont . ) you be awfully sweet to be concerned , but it 's really not necessary . I will call you , okay ? she exit . knox stand there look poleax . knox ... what be that ? miranda that be one of the most gracious fuck - yous it 's ever be my pleasure to watch . -- what a nice girl . knox , totally flustered , sigh and sink into he chair . knox miranda , I be busy . go be productive . CUT to : ext . coastline - day a cabin cruiser slice through the wave . in the distance , closer to the shore , we see a throng of sailboat . ext . deck - yacht - day bruce 's forty - foot cabin cruiser , aptly christen " die fleidermaus . " bruce and VICKI be on the deck , in chair , soaking up sun , gaze off at the sailboat . VICKI do you sail ? bruce too much work . I be not really the physical type . -- thank you , Alfred . alfred have just appear from belowdeck with a tray of drink for bruce and VICKI . VICKI watch as bruce reach for he glass . his forearm look like a thin layer of skin over braid telephone cable . VICKI you do a very convincing imitation . ( sip she drink ) mm , this be tasty . what 's yours ? he smile , slide the drink over toward she , gesture for she to try a sip . VICKI ( cont . ) ... Ginger ale ? bruce two drink and I start swinging from the rooftop . ( beat ) tell I , Vicki . there 's something I be very curious about . what take you down to corto maltese ? VICKI ... I guess I need a change . bruce you be one of the most successful magazine photographer in the city . everyone want you . VICKI have you ever be to corto maltese ? bruce not since the shoot start . VICKI we go there once when I be little . I play on the beach . and at night -- they have a band -- I dance with my father on the hotel patio. ( shrugging ) that be corto maltese . when the war break out I have to go back . and I promise myself that this time ... I would not look away . bruce what do you see ? VICKI ... terror . the conversation be get rather intense -- at both end . VICKI seem to have hit some weird chord within bruce . bruce there 's terror everywhere . some type be just more -- familiar than other . for a moment bruce seem to be drift back into he familiar ' preoccupy ' mode . VICKI laugh apologetically . VICKI I be sorry . I do not mean to -- I know it all seem a million mile away , out here on the water , with all this -- bruce insulation ? VICKI be momentarily stick for a reply . in some way she can not quite grasp , he seem to be challenging she . VICKI Bruce , really , when I say this thing I do not mean to criticize you . bruce I think you see thing very clearly . VICKI I be happy to talk about something else . I do not want to be depress . bruce ( smile ) do you assume that if I know you better I will not like you as much ? VICKI start laugh . bruce be a notorious womanizer , but if this be a come - on , it 's like no come - on she 's ever see . VICKI I be sorry , Bruce , I have to ask . be you like this with the other woman you know ? -- because I just can not seem to get a handle on this conversation . bruce ( take she hand ) Vicki , if I say anything cryptic , or ... ambiguous , I think you should put the most flatter possible interpretation on it . because even if it do not sound that way ... that 's how I will mean it . bingo . the guy 's a chessplayer , but on the other hand he 's also rather touchingly , almost childishly , sincere . before she know it , VICKI find herself melting . CUT to : int . gotham CITY opera house - night rigoletto . the duke onstage , launching into he big crowd - pleaser , " La donna e mobile . " we pan the audience , find several mobile young donnas in the crowd -- drop -dead beauty in slinky gowns . although most eye be fix , reasonably enough , on the stage , donna # 1 be stare with undisguise envy at a private BOX above the orchestra seat . her mouth twist in disgust . she scan the crowd , find she counterpart ( donna # 2 ) some row back , on the arm of a bald bigwig . donna # 2 be wear a similar sour expression , stare up at the same box . donna # 3 be even less discreet than she comrade . she have she opera glass train on the couple in the box . her Pov - through opera glass - the BOX bruce and VICKI . he whisper in she ear . she smile and whisper back . a beat . he whisper again . this time she do not laugh . but she lip part slightly . screen goe black as the opera glass SNAP shut . angle on crowd - donna # 3 stare icily at the duke as he finish up to a round of tumultuous applause . CUT to : int . wayne manor - night bruce and VICKI enter . he take she coat , drop it on a chair by the door . VICKI be giddy , all champagn up . VICKI -- but it 's not fair . I be half drunk and you be not even -- bruce would you like I to take you home ? VICKI God . you would . ( sidling up to he ) come on , Bruce . I just want to get two drink in you . as a experiment . bruce maybe we should just kiss . VICKI ... we could try that . wider angle bruce embrace VICKI in the vastness of the darken entry hall , frame by long semicircular stairways on opposite wall . a sudden flash of lightning transport we to : ext . office build - establishing - night Broken window , graffiti on the wall : a decrepit rathole near the gotham dock . int . doctor' office - night tight on a face swathed in bandage . the patient sit erect in a wooden chair , surround by the grimy paraphernalia of a unlicense gangland doctor . the doctor , a nervous little ferret with the bedside manner of a back - alley abortionist , step up with a scissors . doctor well , Mr. Napier , let 's see how we do . he begin to snip away . as the bandage come off , we get : jack napier' Pov the last strand of gauze peel away . the doctor stand there , look at he handiwork . his mouth fall open . his eye bug out . he gag . jack ( v.o. ) Mirror . the doctor just stand there stare at camera , stock - still , apparently transfix by the sight of jack 's face . jack ( v.o. ) Mirror . angle on doctor he clear he throat , reach apprehensively for a hand mirror , and pass it out of frame to jack . two beat . then , the sound of glass shatter as the mirror drop to the floor . jack begin to laugh . the doctor get a little edgy . doctor you understand the facial muscle be completely severe -- jack keep on laugh . the doctor turn uneasily away , gesture apologetically at he seedy equipment . doctor ( cont . ) -- you can see what I have to work with here -- more laughter . the tremble doctor cover he face with one hand , whining now , not dare to look at jack . doctor ( cont . ) I be sure that with proper recon - - recon - - reconstructive surgery -- a door slam . jack be go . the grateful doctor breathes a sigh of relief and steady himself on a operate table . ext . office build - overhead angle - night from a point high above we see jack emerge into the alley , pull on a hat , wrapping a muffler about he head . we can not see he face . but we can not forget he laugh . CUT to : int . bruce wayne's bedroom - night VICKI nestle peacefully under the cover . beside she be bruce : hand behind he head , stare up at the ceiling . it 's almost as though bruce be not use to sleep at night . he do not know what to do with himself . he look at VICKI . she 's terribly lovely . but despite all that , we can not shake the feel that bruce ... would really rather be somewhere else . CUT to : ext . STREET - night loud music . kide in punk regalia stand outside a rock club as jack stalk past . the wind knock he hat off . kid Nice hair , dude ! jack ignore they as he bend to retrieve he hat . then he gaze up at the steel - and - glass facade of a skyscraper -- and stride deliberately across the street . int . grissom' penthouse - night the spectacular gotham skyline , see through the plate - glass window of grissom 's conference room . the door to the private elevator hiss open and jack wander in . he plop in the big plush swivel chair behind grissom 's desk . grissom ( o.s. ) that you , sugar bump ? grissom waddle in unsuspectingly from the adjoin room . he 's fresh out of the shower , a towel wrap around he impressive girth . he 's use a smaller towel to dry he hair , and so it 's a moment before he see the bundle - up figure at he desk . grissom ( cont . ) who the hell be you ? jack it 's I . " sugar bump . " grissom ( recognize he voice ) Jack ? ( advance cautiously ) thank God . I can not believe it 's you . I hear you would be -- jack ( stand up ) be that what you " hear " ? jack gesture he over to the empty chair . grissom do not move until he see the gun point at he belly . jack ( cont . ) you set I up ! ( beat ) over a girl . you must be insane ! grissom surreptitiously reach for a desk drawer . jack ( cont . ) keep you hand on the desk . grissom sooner or later you would have try to take I , Jack . you may get I now , but you life will not be worth a dime . jack I have die once already . it be not so bad . -- in fact I recommend it . grissom be beginning to panic now . it 's obvious that jack be utterly , hopelessly derange . grissom Jack , listen -- we will cut a deal -- jack jack ? jack ? do I look like a jack ?? and now , for the first time , he fling away the hat . rip the muffler from he face . and -- as grissom gasp in shock -- stand revealed in he full horrendous glory . his flesh be bleach bone-white . his hair be a luminous seaweed - green . and he cheek be tear and pucker from the bullet wound , twisting he mouth into a hideous , perpetual harlequin' grin . jack ( cont . ) I be not a Jack any more . ( pause ; cackle ) you make I a joker ! the cackle build into furious , hysterical laughter . grissom , revulse , terrify , push himself away from the desk , back toward the window which overlook the city . grissom Jack -- I be warning you . wipe that lunatic grin off you face . jack ha ! that 's the best part . I can 't !! and with that jack pull the trigger . and fire . and fire again until the clip be empty . ext . grissom' build - night we tilt up the chrome - and -glass facade of the skyscraper , arrive finally at the top floor : a plate glass window spiderwebbed with crack where Jack 's bullet hit . int . grissom' penthouse - that moment - night the room be still dark . jack -- or , as we will know he from this moment on , the joker -- sit in grissom 's swivel chair , stare out at the moon- drench skyline . joker what a view . we little city . it always bring a smile to my face . he reach for a nearby glass of liquor and glance down at grissom -- who lie dead on the floor , the towel still wrap around he . the joker laugh softly to himself . joker ( cont . ) guess it 's my little city now . wonder what it will look like when I get do with it . ( pause ) I bet it will be something real fine . Real fine and pretty . dissolve t0 : int . bruce wayne's bedroom - morning the sun be just up , and VICKI find herself alone in bed . a soft , off -key baritone voice drift out of the adjacent bathroom : bruce in the shower , sing " honeysuckle Rose . " she break into a huge smile and climb out of bed . somehow she 's wound up wear bruce 's ribbed formal shirt . int . bathroom - a moment later - morning bruce in he opulent deco shower stall , still singing to himself . VICKI sneak up behind he , open the door . he instantly stop singing -- as if he 's be hit by a brick . VICKI I do not mean to scare you . I just have to come in here and see it that be really you sing . she smile , teasing he . he do not respond . he act as if she 's catch he do something shameful -- expose he . VICKI ( cont . ) ( sing ) " do not buy sugar -- you just have to touch my cup . " come on . " you be my sugar -- " ( no response from bruce ) Bruce , you be such a case . bruce seem somehow unable to sing along . but be quickly recover he composure -- and force a crooked , almost childish smile . bruce I do not sing very well . VICKI then there 's one thing in the world you do not do very well . and I know what it be . -- now you will have to kill I . he kiss she good morning , step out and reach for a towel . his body be one big mass of bruise and abrasion . VICKI ( cont . ) poor thing . you should stay off that horse . CUT to : int . globe - CITY room - day knox , in a surly mood , examine the morning edition of the Globe . he 's turn to page six -- the gossip page -- and there , under miranda reitz 's byline , be a picture of VICKI . it seem she and bruce be the talk of the town . knox ( disgust ) ... peanut . a copy boy approach he desk with a manila folder : copy boy here 's that morgue file you want . knox lean back in he chair . the file be label " bruce wayne : 1982-1987 . " knox open it and begin to leaf through old clipping from back issue of the Globe . wayne foundation to fund low - cost housing . millionaire head charity drive for gotham handicapped . hurricane victims say ' thank you ' to bruce wayne . knox 's face sag in dismay . every article seem to be tell we just how swell a rich philanthropist can be . knox come on . gimme some dirt ! then he notice something odd . in the whole fat file of clipping , there be no picture of Bruce Wayne -- with two partial exception . one be a group shot , Bruce in the middle , wave at the camera and block we view of he face . the other be a ancient picture of a collegiate Bruce , stern - face , hair down to he collar . the caption read " bruce wayne in 1973 " -- year out of date even when it run in the paper . knox ( cont . ) ... why do not you like you picture take ? CUT to : int . apartment lobby - night a doorman doy in the plush lobby of alicia hunt 's apartment building on the East side of gotham . through the glass door we see alicia outside in the chill wind , peer inside , hesitant to enter . as silently as possible she use she key and step in , tiptoeing past the doorman , try not to wake he . she 's almost make it when he sit bolt upright , startling she . doorman miss hunt ! ( smile ) no need to sneak in . the rent 's be take care of . alicia ... the rent ? paid ? int . alicia' apartment - night alicia , mystify , let herself in and turn to lock the door . she 's startle once more by a voice from behind . voice honey -- I be home ! she pivot . her eye widen . she shriek . sitting cross-legged in a easy chair , a twisted grin on he loathesome face , be the joker . he 's in a smoking jacket and slipper , read the paper , a dry martini at he side . this grim parody of domesticity send poor alicia into a dead faint . int . penthouse suite - day it look for all the world like a corporate boardroom . at a long table sit gotham 's most distinguished criminal : ganglord and racket boss from every corner of the city . they stare suspiciously at the head of the table . joker ( o.s. ) so that 's how it be , gent . until Grissom decide it 's safe to come up for air ... I be run the show . now we see what they see : the joker , dress rather flamboyantly in a big slouch hat . his face be layer with flesh - tone makeup , and he hair 's be rinse black . unfortunately , he can not conceal he ghoulish smile . gang boss so why do not we hear this from Grissom ? racketeer I get something I would like to know . how come you be wear that stupid smirk ? joker ' Cause I get a army , chum . and I get Grissom 's army . and this city be mine . carmine rotelli , a especially oily mobster , speak up : rotelli I do not like take order , from Grissom . and I especially do not like take order from Grissom 's goon . joker I have consider that possibility . rotelli and what happen if we say no ? joker ( chuckle ) nobody want a war , carmine . if we can not do business , we shake hand and part friend . rotelli that 's it ? joker that 's it . the joker extend a hand . rotelli reach out to shake it . he do not see the joy buzzer conceal in the joker 's palm . 40000 volt course through rotelli 's body . he drop back into he seat a blacken husk , smoke pour out from he sleeve and shirt collar . the crimelord recoil in horror . before they can make a move , a squad of armed thug burst into the room . joker ( cont . ) look like carmine get a little hot under the collar . crimelord ... you be insane ! the joker be a wee bit agitate . he remove the hat and mop sweat from he brow , expose a patch of chalk - white flesh -- to the great bewilderment of the onlooker . joker that 's what they say about Lee iacocca . now get out of here . -- and think it over ! the sicken criminals file out cautiously . that leave the joker alone in the room with the char corpse of rotelli . the joker sink into a chair and -- as be he wont -- address the stiff : joker ( cont . ) heck , they be not such bad guy . I say we give them a couple of day to come around . ( thoughtful pause ) we-e-ll ... maybe one day . ( then , casually ) aaah , screw it . let 's grease them . CUT to : int . SMALL back room - night a poker game . a crimelord from the joker 's board meeting pick up he hand and fan out the card . five joker . he look up , puzzle . the last thing he see be a hire killer burst in through the door , gun in hand . ext . gotham park - day a costume clown with a wheeled cart , fill balloon from a helium tank , pass they out to the kid . crimelord # 2 stroll past . the clown offer he a balloon , which be politely refuse . the clown reach into he cart for a red metal tank . but , as we quickly find out , it 's not a helium tank -- it 's a flamethrower . ext . halliday plaza - day a sunny , landscape quad surround by corporate skyscraper : tree , grass , marble fountain , flag of many nation . amid the pedestrian we catch bruce and VICKI , all smile , cut through the plaza on the way to lunch . VICKI ... to tell you the truth , I would just about give up wait . bruce I say I would call you the minute I get free . and I do . -- and here we be . VICKI ( teasing he ) hm hmm . lunch . not even dinner . he stop in he track , take she by the shoulder . bruce Vicki . do you want the whole truth ? all coyness aside ? ( long pause ) I wish I have more time to give you . every day I do not see you , I miss you . ( beat ) now . be you go to waste this lovely afternoon be all mad at I ? all this , of course , be deliver with devastating sincerity . VICKI find herself totally disarm . VICKI okay , I be a sucker . you sound so much like someone I use to ... ( stop suddenly ) Bruce ? I know this be silly , but -- you be not marry , be you ? he stop and laugh . she smile crookedly , take he arm . another angle - across plaza - that moment PHILLY ricorso -- another crimelord from the boardroom -- enter the plaza flanke by a cadre of pay bodyguard . on bruce and VICKI a painted STREET mime walk alongside they , feel he way along a imaginary wall . VICKI groan . VICKI all street mime should be execute . bruce ... look like a convention . and indeed , there be half a dozen STREET mime converge on the center of the plaza . ricorso and co . approach the mirrore - glass entrance of a skyscraper . in the lobby , a mime -- who 's be annoying the passersby -- throws a bolt , locking the door from inside . a bodyguard bang on the glass . nearby , another mime reach into a trash bin -- and pull out a machine gun . sudden scream of terror from the onlooker . VICKI turn to bruce . before she can get he name out , he 's hoisted her bodily and thrown her behind a marble fountain . series of shot bruce's eye darting birdlike around the plaza -- intercut with the follow Pov shot , all in slow motion : - two mime with machine gun . one of they lining PHILLY and co . up against the glass door , the other hold the crowd at bay ; - a woman in the crowd fainting . a third mime gleefully imitate she swoon , to no one 's amusement ; - PHILLY and he goons , cowering , hand in the air , as other mime cruelly mimic they terrify pose ... ... and suddenly bruce be running frantically , look for a secluded spot , a alleyway , anything . no go . he 's out in the open , with onlooker everywhere . in he civvy , he 's just another citizen ... totally impotent . he dart around a corner , back against a wall . women , child , grown men race past . no privacy . he 's practically quaking now , in the throes of some terrible anxiety . he look up at the sky overhead , terrify . a brilliant SUN bear down on he as machine gun chatter . angle on PHILLY and bodyguard body jerking as glass rain down in shard . angle on bruce he back arched , he mouth agape , he face drain of blood as the sound of carnage echo through the plaza . it 's almost as if the bullet be strike he . a moment later , it 's all over but the scream . VICKI emerge from the crowd and find bruce slump against the wall , nearly catatonic . she move to touch he . as if by reflex he reach out and grab her by the arm -- with a grip so strong it could crush bone . she gasp , look up -- and see , in he traumatize eye , a look so raw , so desperate , that it virtually defy comprehension . VICKI bruce !! he blink rapidly . he relax he grip . before VICKI 's eye , he 's change ... become the bruce she know . bruce oh my God ... be you all right ? he reach for she . involuntarily , she step back . he see she reaction and he face go slack -- frighten , plead . this time she let he embrace she ... but she face be full of bewilderment and doubt . insert - television screen anchorwoman ... live from halliday Plaza , where a gangland - style execution claim the life of racketeer Philly ricorso . ricorso 's death be the third in a rash of underworld killing ... CUT to two - shot : the anchorwoman and commissioner gordon . anchorwoman ( cont . ) commissioner , you have hear the rumor . be this murder the work of the mysterious ' batman ' ? a piercing cackle fill the air . camera pull back from the tv , place we in the joker 's boardroom . behind the big desk he swivel into view , phone in hand . joker all reet ! I think it 's about time we call another meeting , huh ? CUT to : int . wayne manor - day alfred on the phone , a feather duster in he hand . alfred I be sorry , miss vale . I have give he you message . that 's all I can do . angle widen . bruce be sit mere foot away , obviously distraught , lock in some sort of internal struggle . int . VICKI be apartment - that moment - day VICKI please tell he ... I be not try to make he life difficult . I would just -- I would just like to know what 's go on . a knock at the door as VICKI hang up . she go to open it , find knox -- wear a big , cheshire - cat smile . knox hiya , peanut . I get something I would like you to see . int . library - day a microfilm machine . as VICKI look on curiously , knox -- all eagerness now -- thread up a roll of film and begin cranking through back - issue newspaper . knox okay , here we go . check it out . he step back . VICKI stare down at the display screen . a front - page banner headline read : thomas wayne murdered prominent Doctor , wife slain in robbery unidentified gunman leave child unharm beneath it , a photo : cop kneel over corpse . medics with stretcher . and off to one side , a young boy -- bruce wayne -- he arm wrap around the waist of a beat cop . the boy stare straight at the camera . his face be a mask of unforgettable agony . you can not take you eye off it . VICKI oh my God ... I have see this picture . knox I guess so . pulitzer Prize , 1963 . VICKI his face . allie , look at he face . tight on the boy be contort face , stare out in shock and disbelief , he feature recognizable across all the year -- permanently , indelibly traumatize . the same face VICKI see in halliday Plaza . knox yep . he watch the whole thing happen . -- recognize the beat cop ? Jim Gordon . VICKI oh , Bruce ... knox something like this -- what do you suppose this could drive a guy to ? int . restaurant - day a greasy spoon off the lobby of the Globe building . knox and VICKI in a booth . VICKI Alexander , you be on drug . knox he walk out on he own party . half a hour later , the cape crusader turn up in full bat-drag . ( beat ) see a execution , freak out in a alleyway . no place to change . ( smile ) yeah , Vicki , he 's " marry " all right . VICKI you be pissing I off , allie . I know exactly why you be do this . knox ( lean forward ) oh ? why be that , Vicki ? VICKI wilt under the challenge . she hold she silence for a second , then change the subject . VICKI he 's best friend with Jim Gordon and harvey dent . they would know . knox ... okay , Vicki , I have a confession to make . I be the batman . VICKI snort , roll she eye impatiently . knox ( cont . ) do not believe I ? why not ? VICKI Alexander ... I know you . knox right . and they know he . and that 's why it would never occur to they for a minute that they old buddy Bruce put on a cape at night and go out look for -- VICKI this be pointless . I be leave . knox ( grab she arm ) you little chum be out of he mind . ( relax he grip ) next time you call he up and he can not go out Friday night -- think it over . CUT to : int . ace chemical CO . - day low angle on the joker . he stand on a catwalk high above the refinery floor , lord of all he survey , oversee production like a dement middle manager . int . storeroom - day a dank , windowless room in the bowel of Ace Chemical , which the joker have convert into a makeshift lair . sap - like goo drip in puddle from expose pipe overhead . camera drift across the joker 's cluttere desk . ship manifest . ledgers . psychotic doodles scrawle in crayon . more significantly : a old contract dating back to the mid - seventies . it 's half - obscure by other papers , but the initial ' CIA ' be plainly visible . then : a bound report with the title ' ddid nerve gas : result of preliminary experimentation .' across its title page , a diagonal rubber stamp : ' discontinued January 1977 . ' and finally : a sheaf of photo . Laboratory ape , chimp and orangutan , all dead . they lip be draw back , expose hideous , chemical -induced grimace . on one wall : poster -sine blowup of the grin ape . on the opposite wall : a large - scale photographic reproduction of the gotham City skyline , its bottom half hidden from view by the joker 's desk . the phone ring . the joker -- who have be sit on the floor by the cityscape -- pop into frame and pick it up . joker how 's that first shipment come ? voice on phone right on schedule . oh , we get that address for you -- 79 East end , # 12-c . joker mmm . how would you find it ? voice on phone call she agent . the joker nod in satisfaction and resume he place on the floor . like a happy kindergartener , with paste pot and scissors , he 's clipping photo from a magazine -- horrible scene of death , destruction , panic , mutilation . one by one , he 's pasting this shot on the blowup of gotham city -- all along sidewalk level -- create a massive photomontage of anarchy in the street . we have see this photo before . VICKI vale take they ... in corto maltese . int . photographer' studio - day in foreground , rows of makeup in startling profusion : mascara , blusher , eyeliner , lipstick . half a dozen beautiful model giggle into they makeup mirror . in the background VICKI wander past with a stylish friend , claire , who own and operate the studio . claire ... of course , after corto maltese , this must all seem pretty tame . VICKI not to I . I need a job . claire now Vicki . everyone know you have get you hook in Bruce Wayne . VICKI then " everyone " must know something I do not . claire ( cattily ) oh. really . well . -- come on , dear , tony 's die to see you . in a corner of the studio , tony , a gaunt , tubercular Brit , be shoot a swimsuit layout with two supermodels . they all ad lib greeting to VICKI as tony dart around hyperkinetically , snap the girl in a series of pose . tony yes , lady , smile , show I that smile , fabulous , tropical smile , think tahiti , I want to see tooth , yes , that glorious tooth -- as VICKI look on , the supermodels freeze in place simultaneously , a strange , stricken look on they face . tony ( cont . ) my God no , do not stop now , that smile , I need that smile -- suddenly the girl be laughing -- but the laughter be unnatural , involuntary . VICKI , sense that something be terribly wrong , lay a hand on claire 's arm . the model , now wear huge smile , begin to twitch spasmodically . tony snap away . tony ( cont . ) yes ! oh baby , yes ! that 's -- ( beat ) no ! too far , too far ! pull back , pull back ! ( drop the camera ) oh my GOD ! the supermodels pitch to the floor , shudder convulsively , they lip draw back in frightful , frozen , lab - ape grins . VICKI gasp . claire scream . tony scream . CUT to : int . television studio - evening the eyewitness News set , with anchor patsy narita and dave mcelroy . behind they , blowup of the two dead supermodels . patsy the fashion world be stunne today by the sudden death of top model Kelly brinkley and Christie emberg . Cause of death have be attribute to a violent allergic reaction , although authority have not yet rule out the possibility of drug use . Dave ? behind dave , on the bluescreen : a huge statue , cover in canvas -- not unlike New York 's statue of Liberty . dave in gotham , plan continue for the city 's 300th birthday celebration . the four-day event will conclude with the unveil , in gotham Harbor , of the newly restore ' Lady gotham ' ... a technician hand pass a slip of paper into frame . dave ( cont . ) this bulletin just in . nine more mysterious death at a beauty parlor in -- off to the leave , patsy begin to laugh . dave frowns . dave ( cont . ) patsy ! this be hardly the -- ( he eye widen ) patsy !! a offscreen crash . suddenly dave be up out of he seat , mouth agape in horror . patsy have gone into convulsion . camera whip violently right and left as she jerk out of she seat and totter uncontrollably across the set , laughing insanely . technician rush the soundstage in a unrehearse frenzy . patsy spin like a dervish and lurch backward over the newsdesk in a death spasm , give we a quick look at the grisly joker 's grin etched on she now - lifeless face . dave gesture frantically to the cameraman : dave ( cont . ) kill the camera !! kill the -- suddenly , crackling video static wipe out the screen . a moment later , we be look at : splitscreen closeup - the supermodels they gorgeous face sprout big , animated - cartoon grins as a bouncy tune -- " put on a happy face " -- come up underneath . model ( cartoon voice ) ... Love that joker ! int . supermarket - day theme music continue as a grin , derange pitchman -- the joker -- push he shopping cart down the aisle . the shelf be fill with product bear he trademark harlequin' face . he wave merrily in time to the music . int . studio - video control booth - that moment panicked technician swarm the booth . the studio feed have be jammed . every monitor show the joker' commercial . director where' it coming from ?? technician I don't know ! closeup - the joker joker ... new improve joker brand . with the secret ingredient ... smylenol ! ( a sweep of the hand ) let 's go to we blind taste test . tight on a anonymous man -- gag and blindfolded , tie to he chair , squirming , struggle . on the table before he be a package label " brand X . " a superimposed title read : " not a actor . " joker ( cont . ) ooh . he 's tense . irritable . out of sort . ( wag a finger ) he 's be use brand X ! but with new improve joker brand ... angle widen to include a blindfolded corpse , limp in he chair , grinning horrifically . joker ( cont . ) ... it 's a smile every time !! ext . idyllic pastoral setting - day the joker in a field of wheat . on a picnic blanket before he be two clean -cut model -- one male , one female , both dead ... and grimacing horribly . joker ( cont . ) -- and the world smile with you ! irresistable -- oh-so-kissable -- he grab the dead model by the hair . there teeth clink as he force they head together for a post-mortem kiss . series of shot Television set all over gotham , as startle citizen react to the joker 's maniacal promo . joker I know what you be say . where can I buy this fine , fine product ? well , that 's the gag , folk , you never know . chance be ... you have buy them already !!! as he rant continue , we see : - a young man watch the bedroom tv as he dress for a date . he 's get a aerosol deodorant can poise under one arm , ready to spray . he look down at the can , suddenly uncertain . could it be ...? - a family in they kitchen , eyeing a 12 - inch portable as mom serve dinner . they dig in automatically , then freeze with they fork in midair . - a middle - aged matron at the live - room tv . shock , she call to she husband -- and get no reply . we follow her to the bathroom door . on the floor she see a overturned shampoo bottle . then : she husband , slump down in the tub , a lethal grin on he face . she let out a shriek . int . wayne manor - study - night alfred the butler in a crouch , glue to the tube . alfred ... Sir ! he Pov : the joker in tight closeup . offsccreen , a infant begin to squall . the joker cock a eyebrow . joker baby 's get a tummyache ? here 's something that will fix he quick ! he toss a joker product out of frame . then -- leer -- he give the camera a big juicy wink . joker ( cont . ) now on you grocer 's shelf . so remember -- use joker brand -- and put on a happy face !! music up . video snow fill the screen as the jamme transmission end . alfred look over he shoulder . track in on the grim , determine face of bruce wayne . series of shot - the gotham Globe cartwheel into frame : panic grip gotham contaminate product Claim 72 live who be the mysterious " joker " ? - a anchorwoman on the evening news . her complexion be curiously sallow . black bag show under she eye . anchorwoman ... sixteen new death , with no clue as to the joker 's identity or demand . the list at potentially lethal product now include : perfume -- mascara -- cold cream -- - the makeover counter at bloomingdale 's . security guard rush to the scene as three matronly customer go into simultaneous smile fit . - a anchorman with a big ugly zit on he nose : anchorman Men 's cologne toothpaste mouthwash -- underarm deodorant -- - a subway car jamme with straphanger . huge patch of sweat under every arm . the door slide open ; oncoming passengers recoil visibly at the unendurable stench . - the original anchorwoman , whose look be now 100 % natural . her hair be frizzy . her eyebrow be miss altogether . every wrinkle on she face be plainly visible . anchorwoman Hair spray -- eyebrow pencil -- moisturize cream -- - a large drugstore . cashier sit idly by the register . the store be utterly devoid of customer . CUT to : ext . STREET - dusk from across the street we see VICKI head down the sidewalk toward a museum . a glove hand reach for a pay phone . voice she 's outside the fluegelheim . int . alicia hunt' penthouse - that moment a bone - white hand slam a phone receiver down . the joker be at he vanity . he 's rinse he hair black . he 's apply pound of pancake makeup to he bleach face , he pucker cheek . in the right light he could almost pass for human . in all the city , he 's the only person still use cosmetics . a dreamy , drugged voice intrude : alicia Jack ? who be that ? as he look up at the mirror , we get a quick glimpse of alicia behind he . the voice , the long blonde hair , be unmistakable . but for some reason , alicia' face be cover ... by a shiny white porcelain doll mask . joker get dress . we be go out . int . fluegelheim museum - evening a gotham landmark , the fluegelheim look like something Frank Lloyd wright would have dream up -- a large open atrium encircle by a stucco ramp , which spiral up along the interior wall to the ceiling four storey above . you walk up this gently - inclined ramp to view the painting . int . fluegelheim - rooftop tea room - evening the upper terminus of the ramp open on a airy , fern - fill dining room popular with tourist and elderly matron who work up a appetite look at art . VICKI enter , camera bag sling over one shoulder , portfolio in hand . VICKI I be meeting Mr. Wayne . be he here ? maitre d' no , but you table be ready . int . tea room - twenty minute later - evening VICKI , sip on a gin and tonic , check she watch . a waiter bring she a small parcel , wrap in brown paper , bear a single word : urgent . waiter miss vale , this just arrive for you . as the waiter leave , she tear off the wrapper . Inside be a small white box and a note -- scribbled in crayon . dear V. vale , put this on right now . unsign , of course . VICKI , puzzle , open the box to find a miniature gas mask . she hear a strange hissing noise . a few foot away , GREEN smoke be billow out of a air-condition vent . trays of food crash to the floor as waiter pass out . art lover drop fork , go face down in they pasta salad . VICKI hurriedly fit the gas mask over she nose and mouth . within second , she 's the only one conscious in the room . int . museum - that moment GREEN smoke plume up toward the ceiling as we tilt down toward the floor of the atrium . patron and security guard lie sprawle on the floor , twisted at odd angle , out cold . the mist be beginning to clear now . the door swing open and in stroll the joker , look quite dapper in he street makeup and big purple pimp' hat . a squad of goons enter behind he . some of they be carry large carton . they lock the entry door , place a " close " sign in front of they , and begin uncrate large can of black paint . the joker step up onto the ramp , examine the artwork with a appreciative eye . joker okay , boy , let 's broaden we mind . he stop in front of a ingre odalisque . stands back a pace or two to get a better look . then pull out a straight razor and cut a long diagonal gash in the canvas . he amble up the ramp , step over collapse patron , pause at every fourth or fifth painting . Monet water lily , a dega ballerina -- all get the razor treatment . behind he he cronies work they way up the ramp , heaving black paint on every canvas the joker have miss . he cock a eyebrow at edvard munch 's " the scream . " joker ( cont . ) I kinda like this one . leave it . int . tea room - a moment later - evening VICKI at she table , still wear the gas mask , scared as hell . the overhead light wink out and the room go dark . the joker saunter over and pull up a chair . joker I think it 's safe to take that off . VICKI recognize the derange smile instantly . she remove the gas mask , try to gather she wit . joker ( cont . ) you be quite beautiful . VICKI ... thank you . joker unfortunate , but I think we can work around it . he set a couple of candlestick on the table and reach for he lighter . a long jet of flame shoot out , Jerry lewis-style , as he light the candle . joker ( cont . ) you be Vicki vale . I guess you know who I be . -- be this you portfolio ? she nod . he open it , begin leaf through the record of VICKI 's career . newspaper photo from the Globe , at first . then fashion layout , magazine cover of celebrity . artier b&amp ; W shot from VICKI 's first couple of exhibition . joker ( cont . ) crap. crap. crap , crap , crap ... ahhh . now here 's what catch my eye . he 's come to the combat photo from corto maltese . joker ( cont . ) the panic . the bloody skull . the armless scream fellow ... you know , the atrocity . ( smirk ) somehow , when you shoot it , it all come out so clean , so lovely . VICKI be squirming , but she do not think it wise to debate the point . not with this lunatic , anyway . joker ( cont . ) I guess I be just a old cornball , but ... I live for beauty . I look around at my little city , it get I down . ( indicate the photo ) we do not have anything like this . well , it come to I that what this city need ... be beautification . kind of a big makeover . ( enrapture ) miss vale , I finally realize that one man can make a difference . you know the say . " in he image ... create he they " ? VICKI gaze at the awful face of this derange visionary , get more frighten by the minute . VICKI and you want a -- joker a visual record , yes . a before - and - after kind of thing . ( lean closer ) this could make you reputation . her first impulse be to get up and run . but she fight the impulse . she will not run ... not until she get this maniac on film . she reach for she camera bag . VICKI maybe we should start with a portrait of the artist . people might like to see the face behind the makeup . joker ( momentarily puzzle ) ... behind the makeup ? then it sink in . by candlelight , in the darken restaurant , with he pancake makeup and he black rinse job , he look practically normal . VICKI must think she 's look at he real face ! joker ( cont . ) oh. yes . I see what you mean . he find a pitcher , pour a glass of water , and very carefully sets it on the table in front of VICKI . then -- suddenly , inexplicably -- he bark at her : joker ( cont . ) silly little twit -- I can not take you anywhere ! he sit back and grin expectantly . VICKI be thoroughly nonpluss by this bizarre outburst . a moment pass . he obviously want she to do something , but she have not get a clue as to what it be . grow impatient now , he point at the water glass : joker ( cont . ) well ? what be you wait for ?? now VICKI get the point . she pick up the glass and hurl its content in the joker' face . his hand go up . he writhes . he shriek -- like the wick witch of the West dissolve . he reach for a napkin to wipe he face clean ... and begin to cackle . his awful white - and -green clown 's face reveal behind the run makeup , he leer at she . joker ( cont . ) you see , miss vale -- that be my makeup . ( lean forward ) what do you think ? VICKI be repulse , but she 's determine to tough it out . VICKI I have see worse . much worse . joker strong stomach , huh ? I like that in a woman . -- maybe we can do business after all . he seem to have calm down a bit . it 's almost as if he 's come on to she . but just then , a tiny bell sound behind they ... and a voice intrude : voice Jack ? the joker turn . alicia step out of a rooftop elevator and move toward they , drugge , wraithlike . she 's still wear the porcelain doll mask we see earlier . joker ( to VICKI ) Christ , it 's my girlfriend . ( to alicia ) what ? alicia you say I could look at the picture before you -- before you -- joker shucks , honey , I forget . ( roll he eye at VICKI ) I be in trouble now . ( to alicia ) this be business , sweetie . why do not you go outside and see how the boy be come ? VICKI can not take she eye off this strange figure drift eerily through the abandon tea room . VICKI ( hesitantly ) ... why the mask ? joker alicia ! come here , have a seat . show miss vale why you wear the mask . alicia sit down numbly and begin to undo the mask . joker ( cont . ) you see , miss vale , alicia 's beautiful . one in a million . a work of art . in fact ... we be look at alicia 's profile as the mask come off . the side that 's turn to we be indeed beautiful . but the side we can not see ... send VICKI right over the edge . joker ( cont . ) she make you look sick . VICKI lurch out of she seat , knock it over , her face frozen in horror . she find she camera , hold it out like a weapon as the joker advance on she . VICKI you scum ! you sick filth !... you did that to she ! joker what ? I improve she a little ... VICKI back away , snap the shutter on she camera . he blink as the flash gun go off repeatedly . VICKI I will see you burn . I will see you dead . -- get away from I !! joker miss vale , be it something I say ? ( brightly ) do you want to sniff my flower ? there 's a bright purple boutonniere in he lapel . he hold it up for VICKI 's inspection as he move menacingly closer . VICKI no ! the joker squeeze a conceal bulb . a jet of clear liquid spurt out of the flower , narrowly missing VICKI . she gasp . bump into a table . acrid black smoke rise from the floor where the clear liquid hit . acid . joker come on , miss vale ... stop and smell the rose !! he back VICKI into a corner . and then -- abruptly -- a skylight shatter in a hail of glass ! a cape shadow drop to the floor of the restaurant ! and the joker be face to face with ... the batman ! on he wrist be a steel gauntlet . ha aim it at the joker like a weapon . then pivot suddenly -- point he arm through the door of the restaurant -- -- and fire a metal spike into the adobe wall of the ramp outside !! joker ( cont . ) ... you !! on the end of the spike be a cord lead to batman 's belt . in the wink of a eye he 's grabbed VICKI -- dragge her out of the tea room -- and plunged over the ramp wall , four stories straight down to the atrium floor below !!! the joker race to the edge of the ramp . joker ( cont . ) get ' em !! get ' em !! his goons be station at various point along the ramp , still deface masterpiece . they pull they gun and OPEN FIRE as batman and VICKI plummet past . angle on batman and VICKI - as they fall he hold the gauntlet overhead , rope whistling through it . as we watch , the gauntlet sprout steel wing -- form a bulletproof shield over they head ! two feet above the marble floor , the rope jerk they up short -- like a bunjee cord . gun blaze as batman and VICKI drop safely to earth and make for the exit . the door be locked . batman spot the black " close " sign on a metal stand . he heave it through the glass door . VICKI hustle through . he point she to a side alley . ext . side alley - that moment - dusk VICKI round the corner just as batman lob a smoke pellet into the doorway of the fluegelheim . batman get in the car ! VICKI which car ? VICKI suddenly feel quite stupid . because -- while there be many car park along the side alley -- there be only one batmobile . VICKI ( cont . ) ... oh. the batmobile be sleek , futuristic , and ... well , indescribable . imagine you own . VICKI climb into the passenger seat and be immediately dazzle by a stun array of electronic gadgetry . batman ignition ! as batman sprint down the alley , a computer display on the dashboard register he unique voiceprint . a tinny , synthesize voice repeat the command : computer ignition . the engine be revving up even as batman vault into the cockpit alongside VICKI . gun in hand , the joker' goons be stumbling out of the fluegelheim , hack , cough , blind by smoke . they dive for there live as the batmobile come barrel out of the alley at ninety mile a hour . the joker emerge just as the batmobile careen off . joker I want he !! I want he !! the joker climb into the back of a van label " monarch playing card . " half he goons pile into the van behind he , the other half into a second car nearby . ext . street - that moment siren howl as police car converge on the flugelheim . int . batmobile - that moment roaring out into CITY traffic . VICKI look ! Police ! batman I call they . VICKI should not we -- a police car whizze past the batmobile . tire skid . the cop car do a quick 180 and set out in hot pursuit of the batmobile . batman floors the accelerator in response . int . van - that moment tight on the dement face of the joker . a goon call out from the front of the van . goon there they be ! Dead ahead ! the joker scream into a radio dispatcher mike . joker all unit ! southbound on riverview ! series of shot the joker' army . thug in car . creep in italian restaurant . crooked cop at a coffee shop . light flash , beeper SOUND , and within second they be racing to the street , eager to join the chase . series of shot - the street cop car . goon car . the batmobile streak through a intersection , nearly cause a pileup . the joker be van make short work of a sabrett' hot dog stand in its path . int . batmobile - that moment pedestrian gawk as the sleek supercar rip up the pavement . VICKI what about she ? what about the girl ? batman he will not kill she . ( gritting he tooth ) goddammit ! they be move up on a empty block -- a night construction team . a huge piece of heavy machinery back up slowly and inexorably , blocking the intersection . batman gun the engine . swerve left . tries to slide past . and hit the brake -- stop inch short of a head - on collision with a lamppost . he jump out of the car . no chance to get through . the joker be van be two block back and come up fast . onlooker and construction worker be beginning to form a crowd around they . VICKI can not we -- batman too many people . come on ! ( as she scramble out ) shield !! the batmobile 's computerize voice reply : computer shield . with a series or clang , chrome - steel plate slide into place -- across the cockpit , over the tire -- leave the batmobile a inert , impenetrable block of black metal . batman and VICKI sprint through the construction site , vaulting over mound of loose dirt and concrete rubble . int . van - moving - night three police car , red light blaze , overtake the joker' van and bear down on the abandon batmobile . goon at wheel be they ours ? joker ... I do not know . we would better get out of here . ( into radio mike ) westbound on 36th . do you copy ?? the van do a discreet u-turn and rumble off sedately down the street . ext . side STREET - that moment - night batman and VICKI zigzag past storefront and candy stand , dodging astonished pedestrian . int . car - moving - that moment four goons with gun . they spot batman and VICKI come off the side street . goon I , the driver , speak into a radio : goon I we get them ! joker ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) take them ! I want he head ! ext . STREET - that moment - night batman and VICKI race down the sidewalk . the car be gain on they ; and then , from behind -- batman and VICKI be catch in a spray of bullet . they dive . Drop behind a park car . and do not come up . they have duck into a blind alley . int . alleyway - night hunkere on the pavement , they watch the car glide past the mouth of the alley . VICKI sigh in relief . batman -- still alert , he muscle tense -- put a restrain hand on she arm . he look overhead , see a catwalk span the width of the alleyway five storey up . batman how much do you weigh ? VICKI ... a hundred and eight ? he do some quick mental calculation . a beat . then the car reappear -- back up -- block they only avenue of escape . batman unfurl a rope , heave a batarang upward , and grab VICKI roughly about the waist . batman hang on ! the joker' thug pile out of the car . the batarang catch on the catwalk , and batman triggers the spring -action reel on he utility belt -- jerk he and VICKI into the AIR . bullet zing past as they whip upward like fish on a line . one story ; two storey ; and then ... they slow . they stop . they dangle in midair as the joker 's goons advance . batman wriggle , twist . they lurch upward another few foot -- and stop again . VICKI scream . her additional weight be too much for the reel mechanism . they be strand two storey up -- sitting duck . batman ( cont . ) whatever happen -- don't let go !! in the wink of a eye he 's detach the reel from he own waist and hitched it around VICKI 's belt . before she have a chance to protest , he lets go . VICKI rocket upward at blind speed , shriek all the way . batman , he cape billow , plummet downward . VICKI slam up into the catwalk and bob on the end of the line as batman land with a loud crash , overturn a row of garbage can . the goons be on he in a flash -- one per limb . random kick and flail . batman manage to slam two goons into a wall , but before he can get to he foot -- -- goon # 3 slam a lead pipe into the back of he skull . batman be down for the count . the thug dust themselves off and circle around he prostrate form , still wary . the lead thug hold he colleague back , draw he gun , and fire two shot , point -blank , at the yellow - and - black insigne on batman 's chest . the body jerk . they move closer . and stop . goon I ... no blood . goon ii Jesus . goon III wait a minute . goon III screw up he courage and crouch beside the body . he examine the batman' tunic ... and rip it OPEN . goon iv ... what be that ? goon III some kind of body armor . goon I he 's human after all . -- take that mask off . ext . rooftop - on VICKI five storey overhead , VICKI have pull herself up onto the roof of the adjacent building . she watch transfix as the thug bend over to remove batman 's cowl . but at this height -- and this angle -- she can not see he face . on a sudden impulse she reach for she camera bag . angle on goons peer - down open- mouth at the unconscious face of bruce wayne . blood seep from bruce 's leave nostril . goon I well ?... who be this guy ? goon ii I dunno . you see he before ? goon III maybe he 's get some kind of i.d. goon iv good idea . let 's check he wallet . goon I we will worry about it later . plug he . ( beat ) in the head . goon ii draw he automatic . and at that very instant ... a flash gun explode overhead . startle , the thug look up . another camera flash . goon III goddam , it 's the redhead ! on VICKI a chunk of ledge chip off mere inch from she head as the goons OPEN FIRE . she duck back behind the overhang , hold the camera out over the ledge , and keep on flashing . on bruce he eye wink OPEN . on VICKI momentarily idle . she 's use up she roll . the goons keep shoot as she reach in she bag for new film . she find it , load the camera with astonish dexterity -- and then , on instinct , reach back inside the bag for a telephoto lens . all the better to see you with , batman ... on the thug no response from VICKI . they begin to relax a little . goon ii do you hit she ? goon I who care ? Wax that freak . they turn they attention to bruce . a glove hand snake out with lightning speed -- grabbing goon I by the coattail and pull he directly into the line of FIRE . goon ii bas pull the trigger twice before he know what 's happen . in one fluid motion bruce heave goon I 's lifeless body through the AIR , knock goon ii backward over a garbage can . goon ii fall and crack he head on the nearest wall . goon III take a rabbit punch to the throat . he 's on the way down when he catch a steel - toed boot in the gut . four second after all this begin , bruce be alone in the alleyway with goon iv . goon iv have he gun point right at bruce , but he 's shaking too much to pull the trigger . bruce smile . goon iv scream and run for he life . through all this , VICKI 's telephoto camera have be poise on the ledge , snap away . bruce look up at the flash gun and shake he head . he bend to retrieve he cowl . on VICKI she finally dare to peek down at the alley . limp goons everywhere . and , in addition , the batman -- leaping up , grab the edge of a fire escape , climb up to meet she . VICKI think fast . she may have a clean shot of batman' face . she advance the film in the camera and remove the roll , then drop it down she blouse . but batman be likely to want that roll . so she straighten she skirt and scurries across the roof , away from the alley . she should have a minute or so before be get there . it 's a three - foot drop to the next roof over . VICKI clamber down and quicken she pace , toss a nervous glance over she shoulder every couple of step . then , somehow -- and she will be damned if she can figure out how -- she walk smack into the batman . and gasp . batman ... not even a ' thank you ' ? VICKI well -- I think you might consider thanking I . you be good as dead . batman that 's because you lie about you weight . ( a long pause ) thank you . VICKI nods and try to walk past he . he grab she arm . batman ( cont . ) I will have to ask you for that film . VICKI I just want to distract they . I be not try to get a picture of you . batman look down at the camera hang from she neck . the telephoto lens must jut out six inch . VICKI gulp . batman please . VICKI I will not let you have it . the batman be amused . he smile menacingly . VICKI ( cont . ) I know you can break my neck and take it . but the joker 's on that same roll . I -- batman the joker be a murderer . and you be as good as dead . so -- VICKI look , I appreciate what you do for I . but this be my job . and I be keep that picture . batman all right , here 's a compromise . I will develop the photo . you keep the joker and I will keep the rest . VICKI how do I know you will not keep they all ? batman because I will take you with I . he reach out , hold she gently by the shoulder . his voice be deep and soothing . true , VICKI be a little dizzy from all that 's happen , but she 's undeniably draw to he . still cautious , though . she reach into she bag and hand over a roll of film . the original roll -- not the telephoto shot , which be still stashed in she blouse . batman ( cont . ) thank you , Vicki . VICKI ... where be you go to take I ? no reply . she look up into he mirrore eye . he pull she closer to he . brushes back she hair , run one hand delicately along the line of she cheek ... ... and break a tiny capsule under she nose . VICKI slump into batman 's arm . CUT to : ext . alleyway - night Street level . batman emerge carry VICKI 's inert form in he arm . he pause and peer around the edge of a wall at the batmobile two block down . the car be still there , the chrome - steel shield intact . but dozen of cop and curiosity - seeker be swarming all over the fearsome machine . batman snort in frustration . a enormous three -ton caterpillar winch rumble up the street toward the batmobile . he 's about to get tow . batman take a radio transmitter from he utility belt and speak into it . batman shield open . ext . STREET - on batmobile two cop be crawl along the hood of the car . from within they hear the tinny computerize voice : computer shield open . the steel plate begin to retract . batman ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) ignition . computer ignition . the stunne cop gaze into the batmobile 's cockpit . cop there 's somebody in there ! they tumble off the hood as the turbine engine roar to life and the batmobile begins to move . cop and onlooker quickly clear a path . they stand there stunne as the futuristic auto pick up speed and advance toward the end of the block . the left turn signal flash dutifully . and the batmobile vanish around the corner . pandemonium break loose as the cop bolt for they car . ext . STREET - night siren wail . passersby stare slackjawed at the driverless batmobile as it tear down the street , pass , darting , dodging bus and cutting off taxis -- all with a squad of cop car in hot pursuit . ext . alleyway - night batman see the batmobile round the corner and approach on the straightaway . he take VICKI in he arm and step directly into the path of the onrushing headlight . batman stop ! brake squeal . the batmobile stop one yard short of batman and VICKI . a moment later batman be at the wheel . siren build . light flash . the cop car be now visible behind they . batman floor the pedal ; the batmobile 's powerful afterburner kick in ; and the hapless cop kill there siren as batman zoom off into the night at 140 mph . dissolve to : ext . back road - night a desert stretch of road , line by ancient tall pine on either side . the batmobile roar past . int . batmobile - night VICKI be gradually come to on the passenger 's side . VICKI ... how long have I be out ? batman quite a while . I take the scenic route . VICKI ( gaze around she ) well , I have certainly enjoy it . what 's that ? he 's just hit a button on the dashboard . batman garage door . ext . road - that moment - night at the side of the road , a fallen tree , surround by underbrush , rise hydraulically into the AIR -- revealing a secret road invisible from the main thoroughfare . do sixty , the batmobile make a hairpin turn . second later , the fallen tree drop back magically into place . int . batmobile - a moment later - night as they cruise down the hide road , VICKI study batman' face . knox 's word be very much on she mind . VICKI I mean to ask you . up on the roof -- how do you know my name ? batman smile in response . VICKI smile with he . VICKI ( cont . ) I be serious . how do you know ? no reply . VICKI frown , look through the windshield , and sees -- much to she horror -- a enormous sheer cliff wall looming dead ahead . Wide -ey , she look at batman . still smile , he hit the gas -- speed up . she let out a scream . angle on cliff wall one second to impact . suddenly the cliff wall vanish altogether -- revealing , in its place , the gaping mouth of a underground cavern . the batmobile zoom through . a moment later , the cliff wall -- which be nothing more than a holographic projection -- wink back into existence , show no trace of the cavern . int . batcave - night we all know this place . although we have not have time to acquire the familiar memento -- the dinosaur , the giant penny -- the batcave be unmistakable . vast bank of blink computer . a state-of- the - art crime lab . a fully - equip workshop for hammer out new toy . it 's the biggest and best secret clubhouse a boy could wish for . batman climb out of the car . he remove he cape , strip off he bullet - riddled jersey and he body armor . there be two big bruise on the center of he chest . VICKI look on as he go to a rack along one wall and pick out a fresh tunic -- one of four . she wander over to examine the row of bat-suit -- and the body armor . VICKI what be this stuff ? kevlar ? batman better . it 's not on the market yet . VICKI it do not protect you head , though . batman that 's why I wear a target on my chest . the batman take obvious pleasure in show she he futuristic bachelor 's pad . his tone be jokey , almost flirtatious . behind the mask , he 's a lot looser , more carefree , than some guy we could name ... ... like Bruce Wayne . VICKI be , to put it mildly , awed . she wander around gape at million of dollar ' worth of equipment . VICKI how would you find this place ? batman stumble across it when I be a boy . VICKI be head jerk up abruptly . in the dim recess overhead , bat be scream . she shiver . batman ( cont . ) they do not come down here . they be afraid of the light . VICKI I do not like bat . not that kind . batman they use to terrify I . but I force myself to keep come back , and -- ( smile ) -- I guess I become the thing I fear the most . I will do you photo now . he go to a high - speed photo processing machine -- the kind they have at fotomat , only better -- and load the roll . VICKI wander over to the edge of a deep black pit . she kick a pebble over . Long second pass ; no sound . she look up . suspend over the bottomless pit be a pair of gymnast's ring . this guy be dedicated . VICKI who pay for all this ? batman I have sponsor . VICKI the computer ? batman I be run a check on the taint product . there be a pattern . beauty product . personal hygiene . VICKI no more makeup . -- look like we will all be show we true face now . she look straight at he . it 's almost a direct request . but batman be preoccupy with the matter at hand . batman I have track all the record . every shipment , every warehouse , every load dock . nothing . no opportunity for tamper . somehow the joker be supplying taint ingredient ... at the source . VICKI wait . you can just tap into any corporate database you want ? anywhere ? batman oh , no . I let the FBI do that . then I tap into the FBI . -- you photo be ready . he hold up a hand to VICKI : stand back . then he check out the picture -- smiling as he shuffles through the print . VICKI you could have kill he , you know . you could have kill the joker . batman I have to save you , Vicki . ( turn to face she ) here you go . I think I will let you keep the whole set . she look at the photo . joker . joker . joker . and four shot of the batman in action . he 's without he mask , but there 's no clean angle on he face . VICKI do not quite know why , but she head be reeling . batman ( cont . ) Care for a autograph ? he take one of the print , scrawl on it , hand it to she with the inscription : " to VICKI . love , B . " now he turn to shut down the photo machine . VICKI be tremble . her hand go to she belt , find the telephoto roll conceal in she blouse . she step up silently behind he , reach for he cowl . at the last second ... she stop . VICKI ... Bruce ? he freeze in place for a indecisive moment . then : batman be you talk to I ? he turn in seem incomprehension . and show she a smile ... the same crooked , curious , childlike smile she see on bruce 's face that morning when she catch he sing . batman ( cont . ) maybe we have have enough for one night . I will take you home . almost in a trance now , she let he lead she to the batmobile . as she take she seat he reach into he utility belt for another knockout capsule . batman ( cont . ) do you want to do it this time ? VICKI do not move . she look at the capsule in she hand as he walk over to the driver 's side and get in . batman ( cont . ) do not be afraid . I be here . she take one last look at the familiar smile beneath the mask ... then break the capsule and breathes deep . flame erupt from the rear of the batmobile as the after - burner kick in and batman screech off . a fiery red glow fill the screen , burning out the image as we dissolve to : ext . gotham STREET - 1963 - night ( dream sequence ) the red glow resolve itself into a dreamlike STREET scene : liquid , weightless figure move in a tinted , soundless cityscape as distant , tinkly carnival music play underneath . we be outside a theatre watch first - nighter emerge from the open of a hit musical . in the crowd we pick out three figure : dr . thomas wayne , he wife martha , and -- in thomas 's arm -- they young son bruce . bruce have not make it through the show . he 's asleep , head nestle peacefully against he father 's shoulder . thomas rouse the boy gently , set he down on the sidewalk . bruce rub the sleep from he eye as thomas put a arm around he wife . together they begin walk . in a single CUT the crowd have disappeared , and the wayne be walk toward we up a desert street . thomas and martha be laugh , make joke , reach down to tousle bruce 's hair . they face , as they draw closer , be full of joy . and then , without warning -- a handgun enter frame . the wayne freeze in they track . thomas step protectively in front of he wife , reach for he wallet , begin unbuckle he watch . he will not put up a fight . martha 's hand go involuntarily to the pearl necklace at she throat . the gunman see it , gesture for she to hand it over . but martha be paralyze , afraid to move . the gunman step past thomas , snatch at the necklace . the instant he wife be threaten , thomas attack . the pearl strand break in the gunman' hand as he drop toward the sidewalk . a silent burst of flame erupt from the muzzle of the gun . thomas crumple . martha emit a piercing shriek -- a shriek we cannot hear -- -- a shriek cut short by a second burst of flame . bruce stand paralyze in shock . the gunman scoops a handful of pearl off the sidewalk , reach for martha 's purse , and rise slowly -- he gun levell directly at the boy . almost catatonic , bruce stare down at the corpse of he parent . at they hand , somehow intertwined . at the tiny glint pearl and the spread pool of blood around they . he look up with a gaze so bleak , so petrify ... that the gunman turn and run . and we CUT . to a exact reproduction of the pulitzer Prize - win photo ... the cop bent over the body , the medic with they stretcher , the boy bruce , he arm wrap tightly around the waist of officer gordon . there 's only one difference . bruce 's head be turn away from we . we can not see he face . and now a hand enter the frame . much like the gunman 's hand , but feminine , beckone . bruce , hearing he name , look up ; then , agonize , ashamed , he bury he face in gordon 's side . gordon gesture angrily at the intruder . but the hand keep beckone . and ultimately bruce turn . show we the tear-stain face from the famous photo . a face slack with horror . the horror of he parent ' death ... and more importantly , the horror that someone would dare to violate this most private and terrible of moment . at last we see what bruce see : a woman crouch on the sidewalk nearby . the woman be hold a camera . the woman be smile prettily at bruce . the woman be VICKI vale . a flashbulb explode . filling . the screen with its blind white light , scorching out the image as a harsh ringing SOUND cut through the silence . CUT to : int . bedroom - night VICKI awaken . she sit up in bed , tremulous , distraught . the bedside phone be ringing . she reach for it , but she hand freeze in midair . she know who 's call . Three ring later , she manage to lift the receiver . to she amazement , she find she cannot speak . finally , she hear a voice at the other end of the line . bruce ( v.o. ) Vicki ... ? int . bruce wayne's study - night bruce at a big mahogany desk in he somber , book -line study . the room be dark but for a small table lamp . bruce Vicki , I have be think about you . ( long pause ) I know it 's late . I be sorry . I -- be you there ? intercut bruce and VICKI VICKI yes , Bruce -- I be here -- bruce I be sorry about the way thing go between we . I would very much like to see you again . VICKI well , Bruce ... I do not think ... that would be possible . bruce I wish you would reconsider . ( grop ) I do not stand you up today . the museum be close when I get there . VICKI I , uh ... on VICKI her voice trail off . she 's profoundly shake . she know . bruce ( v.o. ) Vicki ? vi -- she return the receiver to its cradle . on bruce he hear the click . his lip part slightly . he hang up and sit there at the desk , stare straight ahead . CUT to : int . VICKI be bathroom - night total darkness . VICKI stand before the bathroom mirror . she hold the opened roll of telephoto shot over the sink . then she strike a match . ignite the film . drop it into the sink , and -- with hollow eye -- watch it burn . CUT to : int . VICKI be apartment - later - night it 's four in the morning . VICKI , wrap in a bathrobe , still shaky , pour she fifth cup of coffee . sitting across from she be a rumple and stubbly alexander knox . knox Vicki , it all fit . the stuff you be tell I -- the car , the equipment -- somebody 's pay for it . VICKI I just can not -- knox the FBI . you know who 's get the FBI computer contract ? Wayne Technologies . ( shaking he head ) the guy 's bat all right . he 's bat shit crazy . this be gonna be the most incredible -- VICKI but he 's not . knox not what ? VICKI he 's not crazy . knox slap he forehead in frustration , sprawl back in he chair . knox Vicki . we get a wealthy millionaire here ... who dress up like a bat . he go out at night and swing around -- in he cape -- on a rope . ( throw up he hand ) okay . maybe I be crazy . VICKI allie ... he want to tell I . that 's why he take I there . because he 's try to tell I . knox gimme a break . if he want to chat , he can talk to he car . the joke die . VICKI stare dead ahead . knox look on in utter disbelief as it all come into focus : he 's lose she loyalty . VICKI be in over she head with bruce . VICKI he have to tell someone . and I be the one . he 's try to tell I . knox , hurt in a way he do not fully understand , get up and pull on he coat . he stare at she coldly : knox well , when he do you know my number . CUT to : ext . newsstand - day customer be lining up to buy the early edition of the Globe , which carry the full - page banner headline : war of the freak batman , joker in fluegelheim shootout in the midst of the hubbub a delivery truck cruise past , dump a bundle of afternoon edition on the sidewalk . " war of the freak " have be relegate to the lower right - hand corner of the page -- supplant by more press news : stock market crash product scare drop Dow to 1100 biggest one - Day decline in History int . wayne foundation - day bruce in a plush office suite downtown , on the phone to he broker . behind he desk be a big plate- glass window with a fortieth - floor view of the financial district , so he can wave at he fellow millionaire on they way down . bruce do not sell . it will not last . we will ride it out . with exaggerated calm , he hang up . he lift the receiver to dial another number , then hesitates and hang up again . int . reception area - a moment later - day bruce , affect a air of nonchalance , stroll past a squad of secretary at desk . phone be ringing off the hook . int . hallway - a moment later - day bruce amble past a couple of colleague . one of they be shambling catatonically down the hall , bump into wall . the other be wailing hysterically . wailing colleague ... a nine-million - dollar bath ! bruce nod in sympathy as they pass . he stop outside the door to a man 's room , look around cautiously , then enter . int . men' room - a moment later - day a small anteroom outside the bathroom proper , with a bank of pay phone on one wall . bruce check the bathroom to make sure it 's empty , then dig out a quarter and dial a number . he cup one hand confidentially over the receiver : bruce ( the familiar rasp ) Vicki ?... this be batman . I think I would call and see how you be do . int . VICKI be apartment - day VICKI ( hesitantly ) ... I know it 's you , Bruce . I be not go to talk to you unless we can discuss it . int . men' room - on bruce bruce ( a little smile ) who 's this " Bruce " ? be you try to make I jealous ? VICKI ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be serious , Bruce . we have to -- at this very moment , a day financier enter from behind . financier hi , Bruce . bruce automatically clap a hand over the mouthpiece . his face go slack as he hang up -- with vickix tinny voice still squeaking on the other end of the line . CUT to : int . district attorney' office - night harvey dent at a big desk , flanke by a number of politicos . dent ... we deal . adviser harvey , please . I mean -- ( shaking he head ) if you first official act as d.a. be to cut a deal with a terrorist ... dent screw that , Ed . we have get a market panic of national proportion . -- we have get 786 people dead . ( beat ) I will not sacrifice one more life for the sake of appear strong . politico harvey 's right . we have get the 300th anniversary gala come up . the network will not even send in a crew . adviser harvey , the police be work round the clock , the fed be come in . this thing could break any minute now . ( turn ) tell he , Jim . commissioner gordon reach into he vest pocket for a cigar . he clip the end off , light it , take a long drag ... and stare glumly at the floor . gordon cut the deal . int . CITY hall - night the mayor sit impatiently at a long table , flanke by jim gordon , harvey dent , and other prominent official . the room be pack with reporter and tv news crews . news anchor ... at City Hall , where the mayor be wait to open negotiation with the clown - face terrorist know as the joker . it be now eight minute past the appoint deadline , and still no word from -- int . gotham globe - CITY room - that moment - night reporter cluster around a bank of four tv set , each tune to a different station , all broadcasting from city Hall . reporter I look at them sweat . can not wait for the next Gallup poll . reporter ii hey knox , cheer up . it be not the batman but it 's pretty choice . knox , who have recently take up smoking , respond with a grunt . sudden hubbub from the onlooker as a wave of video noise wipe half the screen away . insert - television screen split-screen . on one side be the mayor . on the other -- sit in a director 's chair with a big yellow happy -face backdrop behind he -- be the joker , grin fiendishly . joker joker here . can we talk ? the mayor fumble for he prepare statement . mayor " while this administration remain vehemently oppose to terrorism in any form , we be prepare to negotiate any reasonable demand which will guarantee the safety of the populace . " joker huh. demand . well , gent , this be kinda embarrassing , but ... I be have such a swell time , I just have not think any up . he shrug . startled reaction from the city official . joker ( cont . ) but I be a reasonable fella . if you want to make I a offer ... panicked , the mayor and co . go into a quick huddle . mayor all right , all right . here 's the deal . total amnesty ... and the sum of ten million dollar , payable in -- joker ten million dollar . ten million dollar . ( fly off the handle ) ten mis -- you cheapskate ! I have just wipe out the stock market . I have cost you billion ! ( petulantly ) I want ten million and one . mayor no , wait , please ! we will talk . just tell we what you expect . joker goddammit , I expect to be treat like a artist . get off my screen !! more video static sweep across the screen , push the mayor clean out of frame . the joker leer at the camera . joker ( cont . ) I might just think up some demand . and I be gonna talk to all my friend , and see what they want , too . and then maybe we will get together -- have a little party -- exchange present . ( wave goodbye ) happy birthday , gotham . " the shadow of you smile " come up underneath as the joker 's transmission end and the screen goe black . int . globe CITY room - that moment - night frantic activity as reporter rush to they telephone and typewriter . knox stroll slowly back to he desk . he 's sit on the biggest story of he career ... and now , as he realize grimly , nobody know or care . CUT to : ext . andrews island - day a tiny island in gotham Harbor , homesite of lady gotham -- the huge , newly restore stone statue that welcome income ship . her upper half be drape in a huge tarp prior to the unveil ceremony schedule for this Sunday . at the base of the statue , workmen be assemble a big wooden platform , complete with microphone , amplifier and spotlight . they raise a gigantic banner which read : " gotham CITY -- 300 th anniversary celebration . " CUT to : ext . wayne manor - day a taxi pull away from the wrought- iron gate at the entrance to the estate . knox amble up to a stone pillar , glance up at a video camera mount over the gate , and hit a buzzer . alfred ( v.o. ) ( through loudspeaker ) yes ? knox Alexander knox . gotham Globe . alfred ( v.o. ) Mr. Wayne be out for the day . knox actually , I want to talk to batman . pass that on to Mr. Wayne , would you ? knox start cockily off down the driveway -- then stop . behind he , the iron gate be sliding OPEN . int . bruce's library - ten minute later - day knox , agitate , drum he finger on the edge of a big leather chair . bruce stand across from he . bruce I have be expect to hear from you . knox well , that 's how it be , chum . she tell I everything . bruce what be it you want ? knox simple . you know the score . one column -- and I can bring all this tumble down . I can take you off the street once and for all . ( a shaky pause ) I want you to hang up the suit . and I want you to stay away from Vicki . bruce I can not do that . not while the joker 's still out there . knox then stay away from Vicki . that 's all I want , man . I just want you word . bruce turn away , evade he gaze . knox fumble in he jacket for a cigarette . knox ( cont . ) see , I do not know how it happen -- she 's a smart girl and you be a extraordinarily screw - up guy -- but she 's in love with you . bruce there 's something I do not understand . if you have get the story , why have not you print it ? knox because I -- ( beat ) because she would never speak to I again . knox be a bundle of nerve now . no longer cocky , he stub out he newly - light cigarette -- and begin to plead openly . knox ( cont . ) come on , Bruce . be straight . what have you get to offer ? you gonna marry she ? batman and Mrs. batman ? ( laugh bitterly ) gimme a break , huh ? who 's gonna be best rodent ? bruce sink into a chair , exhales sharply . he can not even put up a argument . the two of they sit there , not look at each other , as alfred appear in the doorway . bruce do you want a drink ? knox yeah , a drink . " civilized . " man-to - man , right ? bruce Alfred , bring something for Mr. knox . -- I will have one too . CUT to : ext . gotham park - late afternoon the weekend - long birthday gala be get underway , and gotham Park be mobbed with celebrant enjoy a free concert . onstage : five elvis imitator , dress in everything from black leather to white spangle jumpsuit , represent the King in progressive stage of deterioration . int . VICKI be apartment - dusk she 's on the sofa beside a disconsolate bruce . VICKI ... so we just pretend none of this ever happen . we never meet . we -- ( frighten ) you be go to get yourself kill , Bruce . you know that , do not you ? bruce it would not matter much . VICKI I do not understand it . you can do so much good for people . as Bruce Wayne . he sink back on the sofa , close he eye . he 's have the same argument with himself a thousand time . bruce money make money , Vicki . the foundation run itself . -- I be extraneous to the process . VICKI you be one man . you can not save everybody . bruce what it I could save a handful ? -- what if I could save one ? VICKI be sick of watch bruce torment himself . she stand up , almost cry now , and accuse he directly : VICKI Bruce , at the rate you be go , you can not even save yourself . bruce ( stare right at she ) sometimes ... I do not know if there 's enough of I leave to save . VICKI be totally drain . she head for the kitchen . VICKI oh , God . I have get to have some coffee or something . a moment 's breather as bruce sit on the sofa reflect . then , suddenly , a knock at the door . VICKI reappear and move to answer the door . bruce -- on he foot instantly -- grab she by the shoulder . bruce be you expect anyone ? she nod no . he go to the peephole in the door . bruce ( cont . ) who 's there ? through the peephole he see a delivery boy . delivery boy Package tor miss vale . bruce set it down by the door . on the left-hand side . the delivery boy set the package down and wander off , tipless , mutter something about " cheap shit . " after a moment 's interval , bruce open the door and bend to pick up the mysterious package . another brown - paper parcel ... address in crayon . VICKI bruce ! he stride past she , handle the parcel gingerly , and set it down on the kitchen counter . VICKI ( cont . ) it 's just like the last time . he send I a present before he -- bruce very thoughtful . do not touch it . as VICKI watch , he go into the live - room and find he alligator attache case . he open the case , remove a laptop computer and a handful of business papers ... then lift out a false bottom to reveal he utility belt . VICKI oh , Bruce . do not tell I you carry it around with you . bruce I feel naked without it . he take out a tiny ultrasound scanner -- rather like a stethoscope , with a miniature sonar display where the earpiece should be -- and run it over the package . bruce ( cont . ) not a bomb . but it could be rig . wait in the next room . he take a small gas mask from he belt , put it on , then sly the wrapping with a steak knife . nothing . cautiously , he pull back the flap . the box be full of styrofoam popcorn . bruce shove a hand down into the popcorn ... and extract a human ear . in the doorway behind he , VICKI let out a squeal . bruce grab the box and dump two dozen ear on the counter . bruce ... they be wax . VICKI find a hand - scrawle note among the ear . VICKI " it work for Van gogh . let 's make up . I will need you soon . " -- whew . bruce ( lose in think ) that do it . it 's go to be this weekend . the kitchen phone ring . VICKI reach for the receiver . her eye go wide and she gesture he over . int . alicia hunt' apartment - that moment alicia , in she porcelain mask , on the phone . alicia I think you ought to know -- he 's come for you ... on bruce and VICKI face press together as they listen in . bruce cover the mouthpiece with one hand . bruce keep she on the line ! VICKI ... where be you call from ? as VICKI struggle to keep the conversation alive , bruce rush into the live room and crouch beside he laptop computer . he plug it in , flip open the screen , punch up a telecommunication program . a moment later VICKI enter from the kitchen . VICKI I be sorry , she hang up . what be -- bruce find out where she be . VICKI how can you do that if she 's already off the line ? bruce I have have a automatic tracer on this number ever since he track you to the museum . int . batcave - that moment massive computer click and whir . at bruce 's prodding , information come up on the monitor : a number , a name -- alicia hunt -- and a East side address . int . VICKI be apartment - that moment - evening the same information scroll across bruce 's screen . bruce get it ! VICKI what now ! bruce hang on . I have to leave a message . he freeze . he 's hear something in the hallway outside . int . hallway - that moment elevator door open on three thug . one of they use a key to lock the car in place on VICKI 's floor . the key be on the end of a ring which contain dozen of other key . the key ring belong to a doorman , who 's riding in the elevator with the joker 's trio of thug . he 's dead , ala . the thug dump he unceremoniously on the floor of the hall and march toward VICKI 's apartment . int . VICKI be apartment - a moment later bruce be nowhere in sight . VICKI be at the sink wash dish , act nonchalant . she pretend not to hear the door unlock behind she . she turn -- and face the three advancing thug . thug I hi , miss vale . let 's not put up a fight , huh ? ' Cause we would hate to have to -- bruce step into the doorway behind they . with a single sweep of the arm , he fling three drug - tipped ninja wheel at the thug , catch one in the neck , one in the shoulder , one in the hip . they collapse in quick succession . bruce there 's a garage in this building ? VICKI nod yes . bruce -- all business now that he 's in he element -- disappear into VICKI 's bedroom . she peek around the corner . he reemerges carry a black nylon stocking , which he stuff into he pocket . VICKI be full of question , but he shush she before she can speak . bruce ( cont . ) I have get to take he out now . he stoops down beside the thug and pull the elevator key off the key ring -- which he then toss to VICKI . bruce ( cont . ) pick a apartment and stay there . and listen : call the police . give they that address . every available man . he start out the door , stop just long enough to take a dumbfounded VICKI in he arm for a kiss . int . underground garage - a moment later - evening the joker be van , bear the monarch play Card logo . two armed goons lean against the hood . they watch as the elevator open and a ordinary fellow in a suit step out . bruce pull car key from he pocket and stroll past the thug , head down , whistling . as he walk around the van , he hand brushes against it -- leave a magnetized homing device , almost too tiny to notice , stick to the fender . he walk another six pace , then stop short . he feel around in all he pocket , make a big show of have forget something . bruce oh , hell ! the goons eye he curiously as he stride back toward the elevator . the door be close before it strike they that something be amiss . goon hey , boss , something 's up . the elevator 's work . int . van - on joker frustrate , snarling , ready to throw a tantrum . joker dammit ! you can not get good help this day . -- let 's move out . ext . STREET - evening - overhead angle from high above the street we see the joker' van pull out of VICKI 's building . we be up on the roof , with bruce . he hit a button on he utility belt , and a red signal light begin to flash . bruce clamp the utility belt around he waist . pull the black nylon stocking over he head . and suddenly , he 's bounding across the rooftop in pursuit of the joker . ext . cross STREET - a moment later - evening the van turn right at the intersection . nothing unusual . but for some reason , pedestrian be point at the sky , stare goggle - eye at the rooftop . Far above they , a man -- dress in a suit , a tie , a yellow belt and a black stocking mask -- be glide across the intersection on a rope . int . van - a moment later the van driver gun through a red light . brake squeal on either side . in the back of the van , the joker growls : joker slow down , you maniac ! ext . intersection - that moment - evening as the van roar past , a mounted policeman shake he fist . his horse shy , rear back , turn in a circle . he 's just about get the beast calm down when a man in a stocking mask plummet down on a rope from nowhere and land directly behind he on the horse 's back . bruce elbow the startle cop . now there 's only one rider . the van turn leave . bruce gallop straight ahead through the intersection , hope to cut the joker off . int . alicia hunt' apartment - that moment alicia peer out through the window . on the street below , unmarked car be converge . int . van - that moment the joker and co . be two block away from alicia 's . they see a police swat team sealing off the building . driver boss ! Jesus ! they have -- joker they will be sorry . they will be sorry . -- get out of here ! ext . side STREET - that moment - evening bruce on horseback , charge past elegant old brownstone , draw stare from passersby . we get a quick look at the flashing red signal light on he belt . ext . riverview drive - that moment - evening a yellow vw bug rip up the street at 70 mph . int . volkswagen bug - that moment we can not see the driver . but we do see , on the seat beside he , a video display with a shifting grid map of the city -- and on it , a flashing signal blink in perfect sync with the one on bruce 's belt . ext . side STREET - that moment bruce see the vw bug round the corner and streaking toward he . he rein in the horse ; it rear back on its hind leg in a classic western pose ; the bug zoom past -- -- and alfred the butler heave out a brown laundry bundle , neatly tie in string . bruce snatch it out of the air , give alfred a quick salute -- and the bug be go . int . joker be van - evening the joker and he boy be stall in heavy traffic at the southern border of gotham Park . police barricade be everywhere ; the surround street have be roped off for the birthday gala . horn honk in anger . joker move ! can not you do something ?? driver it 's some kind of detour . they be back up for block ! the joker snort . he happen to glance into the side- view mirror . what he see there ... curdle he blood . joker oh my God . how do he do it ... ? ext . STREET - a block away - that moment the batman , in full costume glory , galloping up the STREET on horseback -- pass stunne cop , weaving in and around the stall auto , gaining fast on the joker . int . van - that moment the joker climb all over the driver . he hit the gas , run the van up on the sidewalk , and -- at the first open he see -- crash through a police barricade into gotham park itself . batman be half a block behind he now . as he follow hot on the joker 's heel , two helicopter swing into the park from overhead . ext . gotham park - evening crowd everywhere . on the central platform where we see the free concert earlier , a emcee man the microphone : emcee -- the most spectacular , most death - defy aerial stunt ever devise . tonight -- for the first time anywhere -- the flying grayson ! he point up at the two approach helicopter , fly side - by-side in tight formation some forty foot apart . angle on helicopter onlooker gasp as two trapeze drop from the belly of the twin copter . dangle from the trapeze be the flying grayson -- a husband - and - wife aerialist team in spangle red-and - green suit . they begin swinging toward each other in a plane perpendicular to the path of the copter . ext . gotham park - ground level panic down below as the joker 's van barrel through the crowd , horn blaring . batman be move up swiftly . on each wrist he 's wear a miniature rocket launcher . he let fly with two salvos . the first explode harmlessly against a tree . the second hit the rear door of the van -- drive it off the access road down into the brush , where it nearly topple over sideways . angle on flying grayson grayson have just complete a double somersault in midair , landing in the capable hand of he wife . now they be swinging again , building momentum as he prepare to make the return leap back to he own trapeze . int . helicopter - that moment in the bay of the helicopter stand a kid , fifteen , compact , tough , and wiry : dick grayson . like he parent , he 's wear a red-and - green suit . from the copter , he 's get a perfect bird 's - eye view of the batman - joker chase . pilot ready to go , Dick ? dick what 's all the ruckus down there ? ext . park - ground level - that moment the van bounce over rock and bush , narrowly avoid tree , with batman in hot pursuit . int . van - that moment at the foot of a hill , the joker spy a truck . on its side , in bright red letter , a warning : " danger - firework . flammable load . " the joker reach into the back for a highway flare . joker head for the truck ! int . helicopter - that moment hover over the chase scene , dick catch sight of the joker . he gasp in SHOCK as a lit flare fly from the back of the van ... directly into the firework truck . ext . park - ground level - a moment later the batman be throw off he horse by the shock of a massive explosion . all at once , the sky be full of bursting , incandescent color !! the joker hang out of the rear of the van , look up , a expression of pure delight on he face . joker I love firework ! angle on helicopter lurching and spinning in the sky as firework rocket past . one of they take a dead hit on the rotor . JOHN grayson fall to he death instantly ; a moment later , the copter plummet into the tree with a resounding , fiery crash . mary grayson hang from the second copter as it bob and weave out of control . onlooker scream in terror . ext . STREET - that moment the joker be van burst out of the park and speed up a wide , cordon - off avenue . overhead , the second copter veer wildly , out of the park now , swinging dangerously close to the tall building along the avenue . int . helicopter - that moment dick grayson at the mouth of the bay , hang on by a canvas strap . he watch helplessly as he mother swing into a power line and drop three storey to the pavement . dick no ! noooooooo !!!! his face be contort with rage and pain . the pilot struggle desperately to right the copter , barely avoid a collision with the nearest building . and then -- before the pilot can make a move to stop he -- dick have jumped out of the copter . angle on dick with astonish physical grace , he dive . grab a flagpole . execute a perfect somersault . flip onto a nearby fire escape . vault to the next fire escape down . and leap out over the STREET -- -- making a perfect two - point landing on he intend target ... the roof of the joker be van !! int . van - that moment the joker hear a thunk overhead . he casually lift he gun and blows a hole through the roof of the van . ext . roof of van - moving - that moment the blast just miss dick . he sprawl flat , yank at the chrome luggage rack on the roof of the van , and break off a four - foot shaft of metal . another shot through the roof . dick roll forward , hoist he chrome spear over the windshield . int . van - that moment splintered glass fly everywhere as dick ram the shaft through the windshield . the driver dodge leave and lose control of the wheel . ext . roof of van - moving - that moment the van careen wildly toward a overpass . dick rise up into a crouch just in time to see a sign which read " danger -- low clearance . " he 's about to get he head take off ! one second before impact a black - cape shadow swing across the street and scoops dick off the roof of the van . ext . STREET - night batman and dick tumble to the pavement . the van knock over a fire hydrant and stop . dick be already on he foot , ready to charge the van , when batman throw a powerful arm around he waist . dick let I go ! let I -- the joker step casually out of the van . two goons with machine gun emerge behind he . pedestrian scream as the goons level they gun at the crowd . dick ( cont . ) you piece of -- you motherf -- dick be kick , scream , claw , bite . batman have he hand full restrain the kid . joker like you boyfriend . he 's kinda hot . ( glower at batman ) hand off the belt . batman take I . let the boy go . joker gosh , I could kill you , but then you would miss my party . and I would be real , real sad if you could not make it . batman what be you talk about ? joker batman ! do not you even recognize you old pal Jack ? after all ... ( cackle insanely ) you make I what I be today . batman cock he head in puzzlement as distant siren blare . the joker and he hood -- gun still aim at the crowd -- back away and race off on foot , vanish into the night . dick break free and bolt after they . batman throw he to the street with a fly tackle . the boy be hysterical . dick he kill my parent ! he kill my -- batman flinch at the sound of the word . he reach into he belt and -- mercifully -- break a knockout capsule under dick 's nose . dissolve to : insert - television screen a tape report from the hallway outside alicia 's apartment . cop and forensics men mill about in the b.g. reporter ... on a tip attribute to the mysterious batman . the apartment be booby - trap with the joker 's laugh gas , leave 17 policeman dead . ( beat ) also find dead at the scene be alicia hunt , 26 , a former model -- camera pull back to reveal that the tv screen be part of bruce's bank of monitor , deep in the batcave . the other screen show the various room of Wayne manor , all empty . we move now to the video display of a computer workstation , show two face side - by-side : a mug shot of jack napier and a freeze - frame of the joker from one of he pirate transmission . a graphic program abstract the twin head into three - dimensional , rotating topological grids -- and , as we watch , the two spin head collide and merge . except for the fearsome grin , they mesh perfectly . yet another terminal : bruce 's database . the same phrase flash again and again , scrolling up the screen : ace chemical CO . ace chemical CO . ace chemical CO . and , finally : bruce himself , slump at a table , he head in he hand . he 's realize , to he horror , that he be responsible for the birth of the joker . and frankly ... he would just as soon be dead . int . wayne manor - guest bedroom - day dick grayson be sprawle on a huge four- poster bed , unconscious , softly moan . he come to with a jolt . break into a sweat almost instantly , he look at he unfamiliar surroundings . a shadowy figure stand nearby . dick ... where be I ? bruce my name be Bruce Wayne . you be welcome to stay here as long as you want . bruce step out just as alfred enter with a breakfast tray . dick make a puzzle face . what the hell be go on here ? int . hall of justice - day beneath the statue of blind justice , bruce and harvey dent march through the portico , engage in a heat argument . dent we will send a team into Ace the moment the warrant come through . bruce he will be ready when you do . remember what happen at the apartment . dent all right , Bruce , what do you suggest ? bruce I suggest a nice big bomb . dent good . a bomb . on a blind tip from Bruce Wayne . -- we do have law . bruce then for God 's sake , harvey , cancel the anniversary celebration . dent we have tell he we will deal . what could he possibly have to gain by -- bruce do you still think the joker care about money ?? dent I do not know . I be just a d.a . I do not have access to all you expert source . mexican standoff . bruce stalk off fume . dent hang back a moment , then turn down the hall . ext . wayne manor - establishing - day the ornate , wringht - iron gate which open on the long driveway snake up toward Wayne manor . it 's bolt shut . int . wayne manor - day a glass - enclose room which house a enormous heat indoor swimming pool . dick grayson do a couple of lap , then climb out and towel himself off . he look out at the estate : tennis court , a riding stable in the distance . he 's not happy . all this opulence could drive a guy stark stare nut in short order . int . guest bedroom - day a OPEN suitcase on the bed . dick finger a gold ashtray bear the figure of wing Victory -- then shrug and toss it into the suitcase on top of he gymnast 's costume . when he look up he see bruce in the doorway behind he . dick ... you butler would not gimme a ride so I figure I would hoof it . bruce sorry . I can not let you leave . dick you can not keep I here , man . that 's kidnap . bruce if I let you leave , you will do the same thing again . you will go after the joker ... and you will wind up dead . ( turn to go ) dick hey , man . look at you . you be rich . you get everything you want . how do you know what 's in my mind ? bruce turn to face he . the little hellion 's eye be fill with raw , burn hatred . bruce know the feel . bruce I do not care what 's in you mind . you be stay . bruce reach for a key in he pocket . without warning , the kid rush he , throw a rock -solid punch . with blind speed , bruce sidestep he , parry the blow , and wind up spin dick around -- into a wall . dick be stunne , but he have to laugh . this rich boy have a move or two . bruce stand there , silently challenging he . a second later , the kid be airborne -- upping the ante with a scissor- kick aim squarely at bruce 's gut . in a blur of motion bruce check the kick , swing a arm into dick 's chest , and send the boy sprawling flat on he back . int . wayne manor - kitchen - that moment alfred , in he apron , fix a tray of snack . he look up curiously at the ceiling . from the sound of it , a battle royal be shaping up in the guest bedroom . int . guest bedroom - that moment dick body -- head down , foot up -- fly through the air . he smashes into a closet door and slump to the carpet . shaken now , and sweat profusely , he look up at bruce ... who stand calmly over he , adjust he necktie . a long , tense moment pass between they . then : dick ... you be he . no reply from bruce . they gaze lock . and suddenly ... alfred ( v.o. ) freeze ! dick and bruce look around . the puny , mustachioe butler stand in the doorway , foot spread in a dirty Harry stance , a .44 magnum train on dick . bruce it 's all right , Alfred . everything 's under control . alfred ... very good , sir . alfred relax , muster he dignity , and turn to go . CUT to : int . conference room - afternoon canned applause as the joker march out onto a makeshift stage to give he quarterly report to the stockholder . joker thankya , thankya . lady and germ , I be here to tell you ... we have have one helluva quarter . he wave a pointer at three sale chart on portable easel . joker ( cont . ) panic 's up . terror 's up . and fear -- fear 's go straight through the roof . you guy should be proud -- ' cause I could n'ta do it without each and every one of you ! more canned applause . the joker take a bow . joker ( cont . ) I feel it 's time to expand the joker line . I be askin ' myself , what be the product that every consumer want most ? and that 's when it hit I : the water you drink , and the air you breathe ! huh ? bingo ! ( strutting across stage ) now , some of you have you eye on the profit margin . you be thinkin' : this boy 's too ambitious . you do not approve . in fact , some of you have be talk about turn I in to the cop . or knock I off . he pause . glare out at the audience . no response . joker ( cont . ) but that 's okay . I understand . not everyone share my eye for beauty . and just to show there 's no hard feeling , I be throwin ' a little shindig tonight -- and you be all invite ! the canned applause go right off the meter . joker ( cont . ) how ' bout it ? be everybody happy ?? reverse angle - the audience familiar face all around -- the major player of the gotham underworld . but despite the enormous twisted grin , no one here be laugh or applaud . no one here be live . the joker be play to a roomful of smile corpse . one of they topple out of he chair and land with a plop . joker look at that , folk . we get them roll in the aisle ! CUT to : int . bruce's bedroom - toward dusk VICKI lie in bruce 's bed , under the cover , propped up on the pillow . bruce be in he robe over by the window , look out at he estate . bruce all this apparatus , Vicki ... this house , and the money , and the power ... it be never mine . it be something I inherite . Bruce Wayne be something I inherite . ( pause ) all I ever hope for be someone who could see through Bruce -- who could see I -- and not be frighten . VICKI I be not frighten of you , Bruce . I be frighten for you . bruce in all this year ... why could not I see how it would turn out ? he turn toward she . his face be ravage with guilt . now she 's truly afraid . bruce ( cont . ) I be responsible , Vicki . if it be not for I , there would be no joker . CUT to : int . batcave - evening tight on a tiny electronic device : two cylindrical steel casing brackete together , top by a digital timer . bruce make a few adjustment with a jeweler 's screwdriver , hit a trigger , and watch the timer tick off second . 30 . 29 . 28 . at 25 second , bruce kill the countdown and clamp the device into a empty packet on he utility belt . he stand up wearily . he 's in he bat-suit , minus the cape and cowl . behind he , hang back discreetly in the shadow , be he loyal butler alfred . bruce where 's the boy ? alfred upstair . he 's quite docile . bruce I know that feel . it will not last . bruce take a moment to survey the batcave as alfred look on tremulously . bruce ( cont . ) he 's a long way ahead of where I be at he age . ( take alfred 's shoulder ) I want you to treat he just as if he be I . promise . alfred yes , sir . bruce he will be take care of financially . Beyond that ... you know what to do . do not let all this go to waste . they eye lock for a long moment . alfred be unable to speak . finally bruce turn and start slowly up the long circular stairway which lead from the batcave to Wayne manor . on the third step he pause : bruce ( cont . ) Alfred ? -- thank you . as bruce disappear up the stair , a shake alfred steady himself against a lab table , fight back tear . int . bruce's bedroom - evening bruce draw the curtain , set a alarm clock . the current time be 7:09 pm . he sit cross -legge on the floor , slump forward slightly , and close he eye . he inhale , exhales , take deep , regular breath . his muscle relax . ten second later , bruce have plunge into deep sleep . time pass . the clock show 7:19 , 7:32 . at 7:44 we track in on bruce 's unconscious face , draw closer and closer until he eyelids fill the frame , twitching with the irregular movement characteristic of r.e.m. sleep . without warning he eye SNAP OPEN . hold on bruce's gaze -- grim , alert , determine -- as the clock hit 7:45 . a alarm sound , breaking the silence with its grate electronic whine . dissolve to : ext . ace chemical - aerial shot - night the trademark ace on the illuminate sign . from we vantage point high above , we can see three cargo truck roll out the main gate . a half - mile away , the batmobile cruise up the waterfront , approach soundlessly , its headlight off ... prepare for a final showdown with the joker 's force . int . ace chemical - that moment - night the joker' minion , work late , readying a huge shipment . at a open load bay , we find a dispatcher with a clipboard , direct more unmarked truck in the lot outside . dispatcher Boston , Philly : load bay one . ext . ace chemical - that moment - night the batmobile stop short of the main gate . engine roar and the supercar accelerate , smashing through the gate and take half the chain - link fence with it . in the guard 's booth , armed goons pull gun as the batmobile streak across the parking lot and launch a rocket at the corrugate metal door which open on the factory floor . a thunderous explosion tear a gape hole in the door . int . ace chemical - that moment - night the batmobile cruise through the flame wreckage and skid to a halt on the refinery floor . the joker' men be everywhere . they take one look at the batmobile , panic , and pelt the car with a barrage of machine - gun FIRE . crack begin to spread across the batmobile 's plexiglass dome . within moment , the windshield shatter -- and collapse altogether . int . batmobile - that moment bullet rip through the upholster passenger seat . it do not matter . the car be empty . no one 's drive . track in on the computer console -- where a familiar tinny voice calmly repeat its pre-programmed command : computer ... detonate . a beat . then : blam . int . police car - that moment - night a convoy approach Ace Chemical -- gordon 's team prepare to raid the plant . Inside each car : special unit cop dress in asbestos suit , gas mask in they lap . all at once , a brilliant red glare suffuse the sky . cop good Lord ! ext . ace chemical - that moment - night the joker' men run for they life across the parking lot , knocked flat by the force of six deafening explosion . for a few second everything be flame and fury . and then -- all that 's leave of Ace Chemical be a pile of char rubble and a pillar of thick black smoke , spiraling up to the sky . CUT to : ext . andrews island - night dazzling firework explode in the night sky over gotham Harbor . searchlight sweep across the mammoth , welcoming stone figure of lady gotham -- still wrap in canvas , ready to be unveil . thousand of rubberneckers jam every square inch of Andrew 's Island . cop on horseback speak into walkie- talky as they patrol the edge of the crowd . across the Harbor , Ace Chemical be go up in flame -- but as far as the crowd can tell , with all the noise and excitement , it 's just another part of the celebration . at the base of the statue , governor gilroy speak into a microphone : governor gilroy as Governor of this great state , it be now my honor to unveil for you a very special lady -- a lady who stand tall for life and liberty -- America 's favorite lady ... lady gotham ! the crowd begin to applaud rhythmically , chant ' lady gotham ! lady gotham ! ' it 's like Times Square on New Year 's Eve , wait for the big ball to drop . gilroy hoist a pair of oversize scissors and cut a ceremonial ribbon : hydraulic crane kick into gear : cable drop free , and the canvas cover draw back from lady gotham 's face ... ... to a chorus of scream from the crowd . lady gotham be wearing a grisly joker grin !!! suddenly -- in the midst of the hysteria -- the searchlight die . the stage light blink out . andrews island be plunged into darkness . instantaneous mass panic : the governor shout to he aide as onlooker mob the stage . cop be knock from they horse as the crowd stampede . pandemonium rule . and across the harbor ... block by block ... gotham CITY be go dark . ext . gotham skie - aerial shot - night quick shot of four helicopter hover at different point over the black - out city . loudspeaker blare out a pre -recorded message : joker ( v.o. ) happy birthday , gotham . here 's a little token of my esteem . have fun ... ' cause the party' on I ! insane laughter echoe . cargo bay open wide . the joker' helicopter begin leafleting the CITY ... with money ! series of shot anarchy in gotham as high - denomination bill flutter to earth , blankete the street . hopelessly outmanned cop try to maintain order as solid citizen trample one another in a paroxysm of animal greed . building empty as apartment dweller race outside . all traffic stop as driver climb out of they car to snatch money from the AIR . darkness everywhere . in the pitch - black subways , terrified commuter be seize by claustrophobia . glass shatter , door break OPEN as they claw they way out of stall subway car and spill out onto the track . on the street above , gotham criminal element be have a field day . the cop be preoccupy , utterly helpless against the first wave of rioting and looting . flame erupt . punk race down the street carry fur coat and color tv 's . looters break through the display window of a electronics store , and climb in among the goody ... only to fly out , two second later , on the wrong end of a shotgun blast . the joker' dream be coming true . ext . STREET - night in a crouch on the pavement , snap photo of the wild street action , be VICKI -- fearless , professional , do she job . a batter ford escort cruise up behind she . knox VICKI ! VICKI see knox , climb into the passenger seat . he 's wear a big smile . they be jazze , oblivious to danger . knox ( cont . ) could not turn down the job , huh ? a girl could get hurt this way . VICKI yeah . deja vu . knox what do you say ? let 's head for the light . in the distance , above the top of the building , beacon be sweeping the sky . ext . broad avenue - night station all up and down gotham 's widest thoroughfare be huge portable searchlight -- mount on truck with portable generator , unaffected by the power outage . on the money - cover sidewalk , total bedlam . but on the street itself , a bizarre parade be take place , just as if nothing 's wrong . rumbling up the avenue at two - block interval , moor to float , be dozen of enormous balloon in the shape of cartoon character and historical figure . it 's like a hellish Thanksgiving 's day procession . the lead -off balloon be a gigantic , grotesque clown -- smile ghoulishly , dress in white pierrot frill . we tilt down to the float beneath it ... ... and there , atop a mountain of rose where the prom queen should be , sit the joker -- smile , wave daintily at the rioter and looter , preside over the carnage like some dement parade marshal . CUT to : ext . lake - night a desolate rural set . utter silence . moonlight glint on placid water . we track in on a small sign bear the legend : " gotham CITY reservoir . " Far off in the distance , headlight be approaching . ext . access road - aerial shot - moving - night the three cargo truck from Ace Chemical roll ominously toward the reservoir on they deadly mission . and then -- a streaking black shadow enter frame , overtake the truck . the batwing ! a phenomenal ultralight aircraft , swift , sleek , jet-black and infinitely maneuverable , it soar easily past the truck , swoop low just long enough to release a bomb over a concrete bridge . ext . access road - a moment later the bridge explode , block the truck ' path to the reservoir . puzzle driver climb out of they cab and wonder what to do next . they spot the batwing in the distance -- banking , do a sharp 180 . for a moment they gape in disbelief . then they head for the tree as the batwing dive directly at the truck , fire three armor - piercing shell ... and destroy the joker 's lethal cargo once and for all . angle on batman in the cockpit , he jaw set , not even look back at the wreckage as he plane scream off toward the gotham skyline . ext . gotham STREET - night frightened pedestrian race past overturned car . a parade float , run aground on the sidewalk , begin to burn . above it , a damage balloon -- the cartoon character underdog -- be lose helium , warping and buckle in on itself , sink down gently toward the flame . down the street , knox' ford escort be come up fast . int . ford - moving - that moment VICKI snap photo out the window as underdog drift downward . flame lick up at he belly -- and the cartoon blimp explode . knox so much for underdog . then -- as they drive past -- a second explosion . and all at once the STREET be full of deadly greenish gas ! VICKI allie !! the window !! ext . STREET - a moment later - night the Ford escort , window up , swerve out of a thick spread cloud of GREEN laughing gas -- threaten to engulf the entire block ! int . ford - moving - that moment knox what happened ?!? VICKI stare back at the green cloud . turn . and see , up the street , the joker' procession : balloon by the dozen ! VICKI oh my god. compressor tank . he 's get the balloon rig with compressor tank !! knox Jesus Christ , the guy 's a genius . int . batwing - that moment - night batman , at the control , glide over the gotham street . he look down , see a billowing haze of dense GREEN fume . at its periphery : looters reeling and staggering , fall to the pavement , laughing themselves to death . int . ford - moving - that moment VICKI stare through the windshield . overhead , a aircraft streak past ... a aircraft with scalloped black bat wing . VICKI look ! it's bruce !! ( frantically ) allie -- the balloon . we have get to find some way to tell he ! knox great . how ?? they speed up the street toward the parade . spotlight shine . suddenly knox 's eye bug out . he slam on the brake and skid to a halt . knox ( cont . ) come on ! ext . avenue - a second later - night before VICKI can speak , knox have grab a tire iron from the back of the car and raced out onto the STREET . he fling the tire iron through a glass storefront . it 's a costume shop . in the window , mannequin dress in party costume : frankenstein . Ronald Reagan . and , that current popular sensation ... the batman . as VICKI catch up with he , knox drag the batman dummy out of the store window . rip off its black cape . and dash maniacally up the sidewalk . waving the cape , he vault onto the back of a spotlight truck . VICKI 's face go slack . now she get it . knox gimme a hand up here ! VICKI climb aboard . they drape the cape over the face of the spotlight . then they put they shoulder to the swivel assembly -- tilting the spotlight -- aiming the beam ... ... directly at the joker' white clown balloon !!! int . batwing - that moment batman stare at the clown balloon dead ahead . on its massive distend belly ... a burning yellow oval . and in the center of the oval ... the black silhouette of a bat . batman' mouth drop open . he understand . ext . avenue - on joker' float - that moment the joker reach into a big sack and begin distribute miniature gas mask , like party favor , to he croney on the float . then he pull out a radio- operate remote control device and point it up at the clown balloon . he hit a button . the clown begin to inflate . its joint bulge . its face swell up as the compressor tank conceal inside it release its noxious content . the joker be beaming , a look of pure unalloyed joy on he face ... ... when he parade float blows to smithereen beneath he ! the joker and he man cartwheel through the AIR and tumble to the asphalt as the batwing whip past overhead , soar through the stone canyon of gotham at a 90 - degree angle to the ground ! joker no ... nooooo !!! angle on clown balloon as it rise , rise , swell to grotesque proportion in the starless night . the tallest building be far below it now . finally it burst -- and the deadly gas inside it disperse harmlessly in the wind . ext . avenue - that moment the joker on the edge of a tantrum as he dig amid the rubble of he float for the remote device . at last he find it ; aim it up at the other balloon in the procession ; hit a button repeatedly ... ... and howl in frustration . nothing 's happen . the damned thing be break . he heave it to the street in a fit of pique . a scream come across the sky as the batwing swing back for another pass , buz the joker at a altitude of twenty foot . sizzling laser FIRE sweep the street . cable SNAP and balloon drift upward as batman' lasers sever they mooring . the joker can only look on helplessly , in stunne disbelief . as he 's watch he plan evaporate ... he eye fall on the makeshift bat -signal . joker there . there . -- get ' em !! angle on spotlight truck a spray of machine -gun FIRE shatter the bat-signal . knox throw VICKI to the street , duck down behind the spotlight , and toss she he car keys . knox get the car ! the joker' goons be come up fast as VICKI reach the Ford , start it , and come roaring up toward knox . he jump off the truck as VICKI twist the wheel , lay a track of rubber , and nose the car back in the opposite direction . gunfire as knox jump inside and they peel out . int . ford escort - moving - a moment later knox 's breathe be rag , but he break out in hysterical laughter nonetheless . the two of they be totally exhilated . they can not believe what they have just do . knox holy shit !! VICKI you okay ? knox yeah . yeah . Little wind . did you see that ?! VICKI ( laugh wildly ) God yes , allie . I have gotta say -- that be the ballsiest move I ever -- knox ( ecstatic ) Holy shit . Holy -- he gurgle . a enormous gout of blood bubbles up between he lip -- and burst . VICKI allie !! his hand go to he stomach -- and come away bloody . he look down in genuine bewilderment . knox Jesus , Vicki . that quickly , he 's dead . VICKI let out a awful wail and slam on the brake . she sit there in the middle of the street , pounding the wheel , tear pour down she face . ext . gotham harbor - night in the sky , cartoon character drift lazily out to sea . ext . broad avenue - night the joker and he boy run like hell down the avenue , past the parade . they reach the last of the float -- the one bring up the rear -- then climb aboard and disappear through a concealed hatch . wood splinter as the top of the float begin to rotate mysteriously . the muzzle of a cannon break through the parade decoration . and one moment later ... a rose - cover tank be rumbling up Broad Avenue ! int . batwing - that moment batman sweep past overhead . he see the tank , unleash a burst of laser FIRE . it bounce harmlessly off the tank , leave a trail of smoking asphalt on the street . he swoops low overhead , hit a button on he control panel as he streak over the tank and into fire range . int . tank - that moment the joker and he men clap hand to they ear as a ear - splitting ultrasonic shriek reverberate in the tank . the joker scream out command , to no avail . no one can hear he . he fall on the control , begin hit button . ext . STREET - that moment the tank turret swing wildly . a heat - seeking missile rip through the night , narrowly miss the batwing ... and blowing a hole in the side of a skyscraper . int . batwing - that moment the blast all but knock the batwing out of the sky . batman stabilize the plane , climb for the cloud . when he 's clear of the building , he grit he tooth and roll out . he 's come back for more ! int . tank - that moment the joker stare at a tiny blip on he radar screen . joker he will be back ... he will be back !! ext . broad avenue - on batwing the black ultralight hurtle down Broad Avenue at full speed , on a suicide mission . missile streak past on either side . machine gun FIRE pepper the dome of the cockpit . the rear stabilizer wing take a direct hit ... and burst into flame ! the batwing , trail thick black smoke , bear down on the tank like a kamikaze plane . bomb bay OPEN as batman dump the last of he high explosive directly into the path of the tank . the batwing take a hard bounce off the top of the tank and crash to the STREET . and suddenly a gaping chasm open underneath the tank as the bomb go off -- and broad avenue begins to split wide OPEN ! int . subway tunnel - that moment broken concrete slab rain down on a subway car stall in the tunnel directly beneath broad avenue . support girder groan and give way as the STREET itself collapse -- and the front end of the tank drop through , crushing the subway train beneath it ! ext . broad avenue - that moment - night the rear end of the tank project out through the rubble . a hatch pop open . the joker crawl out through the smoke and pull himself up to the street . he 's down to he last three goons . he point to the batwing : bent , break , wedged on its side in the asphalt seam run up Broad Avenue -- half in , half out of the tunnel . joker you do he . I be outta here . the goons look on in dismay as the joker scurries off . they sidestep blacken debris and move up cautiously on the batw . through the cockpit dome they can see batman ... inert in he harness , beat to a pulp , all but dead . a jet of flame drive they back momentarily . they reach for they gun , move in warily ... voice yo . the frighten goons turn in unison . a abrupt flurry of motion -- foot and fist fly -- quick flash of red and green -- -- and three goons lie paralyze on the street . the only one leave stand be a fifteen - year - old boy garbe in a red-and - green aerialist 's uniform ... dick grayson . int . batwing - that moment batman slump at the control . beneath he , asphalt shift and buckle . the batw lurch to the right , drop a foot or two into the tunnel . Metal brace collapse and the plexiglass dome of the cockpit shatter like a eggshell . tongue of FIRE lick at he face . he 's helpless , pin in place . he manage to look up -- and sees , through a dream - like haze , a hand extend toward he : dick hey ! come on ! and suddenly dick be clamber down into the flame wreckage . he get a arm around batman 's chest and with a extraordinary effort haul he out of the batwing . ext . STREET - a moment later - night they stagger across the rupture street . batman grimace in agony . his right leg -- shattered -- be like rubber beneath he . his rib be crush . he 's barely conscious . dick now we be even , huh ? even up . batman how do you ... dick I hitched . move it ! dick drag batman to safety as the batw erupt into flame behind they . batman the joker . be he --? dick forget it . relax . ( beat ) ... he 's mine now . dick snatch a abandon .38 off the pavement . batman dick ! the batman try to pull himself erect . the pain be unendurable . his body have finally fail he . he collapse on the pavement , powerless to intervene , as dick race off with murder in he eye . ext . gotham cathedral - night a belltower 's jag spire , jutting up into the night sky , pierce the moon . down at street level , the joker be scramble up the marble step at the entrance to the old abandon cathedral . he pull a walkie - talkie off he belt . joker gotham cathedral . come and get I . heavy paneled door groan on tired hinge as the joker force he way inside . a beat . then dick grayson appear , hot on he trail , sprinting up the step two at a time . int . cathedral - a moment later - night ancient and creepy . a huge pipe organ , shattered stain glass window , row after row of mahogany pews ... all forget , cover with dust and cobweb . the joker wander about , stare at the statuary , the rusted icon . dick enter silently behind he . he kneel behind a rear pew , bring up the gun , and squeeze off three quick shot at the joker . the joker dive , take cover , and return dick FIRE . then : silence . in a crouch , grop he way along the wall , the joker find what he want : a small door open on a wooden stairway , lead to the belltower . he duck inside and start up . dick gun drop with a thud . his hand slip from the back of the pew . in the second before he slump to the floor , unconscious , he see a curious sight : a tiny black ninja wheel , imbed in the flesh of he leg . behind he -- frame in the arched doorway -- a ragged black ghost begin he final unholy march down the center aisle of the old cathedral . int . cathedral - belltower - night a tiny stone chamber , 8 'x8 ' , open on four side to the wind . the enormous church bell have long since be remove . the joker stand in a archway , gaze at the gargoyle on the roof below . he hit a button on the walkie-talkie : joker I be in the belltower . do not land . int . helicopter - moving - night a pilot reply through he radio headset . pilot e.t.a. two minute . hang on . the pilot swing the copter right in a wide , swoop arc . int . stairway to belltower - that moment - night batman . Broken , beat , he right leg useless , he haul himself up the step one at a time . he should be dead . dried blood cake he face , he chest . dizzy , exhaust , he body strain to the limit , he slump against a wall to steady himself , then reach into he utility belt for a painkiller -- and force the capsule back onto he dry , swollen tongue . quaking all over , he try to draw himself erect ... and topples over , landing with he full weight on the rotten wood of the belltower stair . the stairway collapse , turn to splinter beneath he . and suddenly batman find himself dangling precariously in midair , hang by one hand to a upper step . it would be so much easier to let go . he look down at the fragment of the shattered stairway , still falling , vanish into the dark depth of the stairwell . then he look up . at the trapdoor . a mere six foot away . his teeth clench in a monstrous grimace . and with a inhuman effort , he hoist himself up onto the upper step . for a full five second he 's blind with pain . a ragged wooden shaft be bury in he right shoulder . twitch , tremble , he reach up and yank it out with he last ounce of strength . the trapdoor be a foot above he head . it could be a mile . batman finally realize he 's not go to make it . he reach down and rip open a velcro seal on he utility belt , revealing the strange timer device we see he make earlier . before he can activate it he hand fall limply at he side . the batman be out like a light . int . belltower - that moment - night the joker glance casually down at the trapdoor , wonder what all the noise be about . he draw he gun , move cautiously to the trapdoor , and lift it a few inch ... just enough to see the unconscious form on the stair . joker ... batman ? no reply . the joker stand there and let out a little snicker . he look out through the archway , see no sign of he rescue copter . then -- a look of curious amusement on he face -- he step down through the trapdoor and lug batman up into the belltower . he prop batman up against a wall . still no sign of life . the joker crouch beside he and -- almost tenderly -- pat he face . joker ( cont . ) batman ? batman ? the batman 's lip part . but he 's too weak to speak . joker ( cont . ) I think you would be more comfortable here in the belfry . ( chuckle to himself ) before I kill you I would like to see who you be . would that be okay ? batman emit a tiny low moan . the joker take it as a yes and reach over to undo he cowl . bruce wayne stare up with dull , sightless eye . the joker reach into he pocket for a purple handkerchief , moisten it , dab at the cake blood on bruce 's face . joker ( cont . ) oh my , be not we pretty . ( brighten suddenly ) I know you ! you be the rich boy !! the joker be enormously tickle by this discovery . he clap he hand together in sheer glee . joker ( cont . ) my goodness , what in the world make you do it ? it must have be something pretty terrible ! he 's practically dance now . he 's make a friend . joker ( cont . ) you know , we should have sit down and have we a little heart - to-heart . I bet we would have get on famously . batman mad ... man ... joker well now , you be not exactly the picture of mental health , be you . batman ... murderer ... joker Bruce , we be both murderer . think how many people you have kill by let I live . a spotlight cut through the night sky . the joker hear he helicopter approach in the distance . bruce reach down furtively . find the timer on he utility belt . flick a switch ... and the countdown begin . the joker pull a straight razor from he pocket and open it gingerly . joker ( cont . ) I have to do it now , Bruce , but it will not even hurt . now relax . the bat 's in he belfry , all 's right with the world ... he have the razor almost up to bruce 's throat when bruce reach out and grab he lapel in a death grip . the joker be momentarily amused by this seem display of affection . joker ( cont . ) why , Bruce ... then he hear tick . look down at the flash digital display on bruce 's belt . 0:26 second . 0:25 second . he shriek horrifically and drop the razor . bruce will not let go of he . finally he manage to lurch convulsively away , sprawling on the floor of the belfry . bruce be wear a great big joker smile . joker ( cont . ) it's not funny !!! bruce no ... sense ... of humor ? the joker reach out for the tick time bomb . thinks better of it and retract he shaking hand . he can see the copter approach now , slice through the cloud . he scream , wave a flashlight in the air : he signal beacon . 0:20 and count . the joker scan the belltower frantically . his eye fall on the trapdoor . he race over , fling it open , start down the stair in a frenzy . there be no stair . they have collapse . 0:16 and count . scream insanely , the joker vault through the door and make for the open stone archway . the copter be directly overhead now . a rope ladder drop from its belly . ext . belltower - that moment the helicopter descend , its whirling blade stir up a windstorm on the roof of the old abandon cathedral . dead leave rise and swirl in the churn air . int . belltower the joker make a futile grab at the rope ladder , almost lose he purchase on the archway parapet . he gesture wildly for the copter to make another pass . 0:12 to go . ext . belltower a maelstrom of swirl leave . and now , among the leave -- rouse from they rest place in the rotten rafter of the old cathedral -- -- a horde of squealing , chitter bat !! fill the air like a black cloud , hundred of they , take flight in blind uncomprehend fury -- int . belltower the joker leap into empty space , grab hold of the ladder , cackle in mad triumph -- -- and suddenly the belltower be full of bat . a screeching swarm , hideous , black - winged -- swooping through the archway directly at the joker -- -- who scream in terror -- lets go of the ladder -- -- and plunge into the night . tight on batman . six second remain . there be still time if he make he choice now . surrounded by the flap of leathery wing , he body work on pure adrenalin , he unbuckle the belt . lurch into position . heaves it out into the darkness . it snag on the bottom rung of the dangle rope ladder . int . helicopter - Pov CO - pilot the co- pilot be hang out one side of the copter , just enough to see what 's go on . CO - pilot pull up !! pull -- ext . churchyard - overhead angle it 's as if time have stop . the world have grow suddenly silent . we be look down at the joker , whose body lie splay and break on the flagstone surface of the churchyard . slowly , elegantly -- we have all the time in the world , now -- we drift downward , closer , until he face fill the screen , the familiar chill grin still intact . sad clown , a-one crazy boy , stare aimlessly at the star . suddenly he face be bath in a brilliant gasoline glow . Pov joker look up he see a beautiful display of firework , burst and burn , spiral of color snake through the sky as the helicopter explode in eerie silence . reverse angle - the joker' face it 's all so lovely . the joker 's expression be happy , almost childlike , as he gaze up at this private show . gradually , though , the bright color fade ; and the joker 's face begin to relax , the twisted grin dissolve at last as darkness set in . fade through to : int . television studio - night a anchorwoman deliver a oncamera editorial . anchorwoman as the detail of the joker 's heinous plan become know , a city 's gratitude go out to the mysterious batman . his whereabouts remain unknown , but batman -- if you be alive -- if you be listen -- thank you . ext . cemetery - day VICKI at a fresh gravesite . she place a floral arrangement in the urn at the head of the grave ; stand back to examine it ; then bend once more to reposition the droop flower . VICKI I love you too . as soon as the word come out , she begin to cry . then she get hold of herself ; rise ; turn up she collar ; and go . the headstone read : " alexander knox , 1956 -1987 . " int . wayne manor - study - day alfred , in he apron , on the phone . alfred no , Mr. Wayne be in Thailand . I be afraid he 's quite unreachable . int . wayne manor - day the glass - enclose room which house bruce 's olympic-size swimming pool . outside , snow be fall . in the pool , on a inflatable rubber raft , be bruce wayne . beside he , waist - deep be the water , be VICKI -- help he rehabilitate he leg and shoulder . VICKI I do not know why I be do this . I half wish you would stay a cripple . bruce ohhhh ... you do not mean that . VICKI ( grasp for word ) I do not , but ... I do . it 's just ... I love you , Bruce . I -- bruce ( take she hand ) Vicki . do you love half of I ? or all of I ? a hard question for VICKI to answer . she think it over for several beat , then smile ... slowly , sadly . VICKI I guess you do it , do not you . you save everyone . ( pause ) almost . for a moment he stare deeply into she eye . then he pull she over , take she in a tight embrace . bruce I do not know how to explain this so it make sense ... but you save I . int . batcave - that moment - day dick grayson stand at the brink of the bottomless pit and look up at the gymnast's ring suspend overhead . he set he jaw and then -- with only a moment 's hesitation -- leap into the void . his hand find the ring . he launch himself high into the AIR and do a spectacular triple somersault , catch the ring on he way down . exhilated , he make a perfect landing on the edge of the pit . 10 - point -0 . a smile of pleasure come to he lip . CUT to : ext . rooftop - gotham CITY - night a dark , moonless night . light of the CITY sparkle in the distance . camera drift across the rooftop , settling finally on the broad back of a black - cape figure poise at the edge of the roof , gaze down on the street below . a second figure enter frame . we get a brief glimpse of he red -and -green suit in the second before we eye turn skyward ... to the searing yellow spotlight sweeping through the cloud . in its center : the vast black silhouette of a bat , wing extend , dominating the night sky . we hold on the glaring bat - signal as batman and robin vanish over the edge of the roof , plunging down toward new adventure . music build and we fade out .