B a T m a N F o R E V E R written by akiva goldsman production draft ---------------- June 24 , 1994 1 ext . arkham asylum - night 1 a castle of shadow . ( over ) rain , howling evil wind . sudden lightning crack , illuminate the age structure , the hang metal sign . 2 int . asylum corridor - night 2 dr . burton , the Chief psychiatrist move down the old hallway , face tense . he step through a doorway into ... 3 int . maximum security - night 3 Security cell . criminal maniac seal behind protective casing . a guard stand before a heavy door . guard Hell of a night , huh Doc ? burton Hell 's in here . hydraulics hiss . the cell door unseal . 4 int . secure isolation cell 4 small . wall , ceiling , floor , padded . a single window cast the room in pallid moonlight . a figure sit in shadow , bound by the wrap and tie of a straight jacket , gaze fix out the window . lightn flash , brighten the room . thunder crack . dr . burton Mr. dent ... no answer . burton step closer . dr . burton counselor ... still nothing . another step . dr . burton harvey .... burton reach towards the figure . dr . burton harvey be you alright ... burton touch he shoulder . lightn flash as ... the body whip around . a orderly , gag , sit bound to the chair with bedsheet . the sheet around the chair have be rig . now they yank he up so he spin frantically from the ceiling fan . lightn flash again , illuminate a madman 's scrawle write on the wall . writing - close . " the bat must die ! " thunder 5 ext . gotham CITY skyline - sunset - fall 5 gothic tower of granite and glass shimmer golden in the late day sun . 6 move in towards the city as a executive helicopter 6 cross frame . through the window bruce wayne , still handsome but a few line start to show , sit watch a seatback video screen . 7 continue in over gotham Harbor towards the skyline as 7 ( over ) a newscaster talk . newscaster ... and in gotham City , ex - District Attorney harvey dent escape from arkham asylum for the criminally insane . 8 closer on a single building , its power generate by a 8 small but mighty dam below . a glow sign read Wayne enterprise . newscaster ( over ) dent , once gotham 's lead contender for Mayor , be horribly scar during a indictment hearing over a year ago . hold on a single window . move in 9 int . bruce wayne's office 9 elegant . oak . a wall monitor run the same newscast . 10 insert screen 10 dent question a crime boss on the stand . a thug throw a vial of acid toward harvey , searing half he face . newscaster ( over ) dent , whose left-brain be damage during the assault , launch a grizzly crime spree before be capture by the batman . he be extremely dangerous . repeat .... 11 wider 11 Bruce Wayne enter , he armani suit the only thing fresh about he , follow by a sudden stream of executive , secretary , assistant and gotham society matron . executive the solar generator test be back . bruce uh ... great , could you wait a second ... assistant the Mayor 's office call again - society matron who be you ask to the circus - secretary five minute to you inspection - bruce stop ! everybody freeze . bruce okay , I want you all to just stand here for fifteen second , okay ? Fifteen , everybody get it ? folk nod . bruce good . nobody move , now . and with that , Bruce turn and walk out . bruce ( to himself ) I gotta give myself a raise ... 12 int . wayne enterprise - electronics division - twilight 12 Endless work -space stretch into infinity . Bruce , a junior exec entourage trail , tour a assembly line where robotic arm weld laser tool . fred stickley , a fuss - budget plant manager , lead . stickley you weekly inspection be a departmental highlight . bruce really ? ( a warm smile ) you all need to get out more . 13 crane up high over the factory floor , across acre of 13 assembly line and work station . angle down on 14 int . edward nygma' work station ( continuous ) 14 a clutter of computer part . paperwork everywhere . rubik 's cube , game , dozen of puzzle book all boast the green suite caricature of " the guesser " . 15 monitor-close . a crossword puzzle . feature reflect over the acrostic . the two image resolve into one ; the face itself be a puzzle . 16 reverse angle 16 edward nygma , awkward , brilliant and feverishly anxious stare up at the screen , talking to himself . edward we will probably go to the house for dinner . yes . yes . maybe he will throw a little party in my honor . suddenly Edward bang he head against the desk - top . hard . a brief window on the inner Edward , all insecurity and self loathing . edward idiot ! should have rent a tuxedo. ( suddenly calm ) relax . I be sure Wayne manor have extra . after all , we be almost the same size . 17 the oppose wall be a shrine to Bruce Wayne : newspaper 17 headline , a gq cover , magazine photo . 18 approach commotion . 18 edward oh my God . it 's he . 19 int . wayne enterprise - break area 19 worker greet the boss . Bruce be friendly , welcoming , Edward appear on the edge of the group . stickley spot Edward . a cloud cross he face . stickley well , Mr. Wayne , on to R&D ? stickley rest he hand on Wayne 's elbow . begins to steer he away . not in time . Edward step forward . a man so uncomfortable , he very skin seem to be a costume . he march right up to Wayne , take he hand , fawn , the burn eye of a sycophant . bruce mr...? edward Bruce Wayne . in the flesh . bruce ( easy go ) um ... I be pretty sure I be Bruce Wayne . and you be ? edward nygma . Edward nygma . you hire I . personally . just like I tell everyone . ( sotto voce ) well , we have never actually meet , but you name be on the hire slip . he still have not let go of Bruce 's hand . bruce I be gonna need that hand back , Ed . edward what ? ah yes . of course . I be sorry . it 's just that ... you be my idol . ( off stickley ) and some people have be try to keep we apart . bruce Mr. nygma , you will forgive I for be rude . but what exactly be on you mind ? edward precisely . what 's on all we mind ? brainwave . the future of Wayne enterprise be brainwave ! it 's hard to imagine anyone more awkward . the effect be painful . folk stare , mouth wide . stickley ( sotto voce ) I really do apologize , Mr. Wayne . his project be terminate this morning ... edward ( ignore stickley ) let I ask you something , Bruce . what be man 's great tool ? a few of the women snicker . for a second , Edward 's face twitches , a crack in the facade . edward man 's great tool be ... the mind . 20 Edward gesture to he cubicle . a rat 's nest cluttere 20 with component of he rube Goldberg - like invention . 21 edward 21 voila . while holographically enhance any tv picture , my invention connect directly to the viewer 's brain , put the audience inside the show . think of the entertainment problem we can solve . stickley I can think of a couple problem that need solving right here . a few more folk chuckle . Edward look around . another ripple of anxiety , another quick recovery . edward why be brutalize by a uncare world ? my res box will give Joe q Public a realm where he be king . ( sultry ) not that someone like you would need it . someone so intelligent . witty . charm . but for the lonely , the ... stickley paranoid ? the psychotic ? edward ( do not miss it ) ... the box can change they life . ( look around ) we stock coupon will spike . Edward turn , actually clap stickley on the back . edward Hell . might even bring old stickley here a few extra buck . huh , Fred ? stickley Fred ? Bruce take off he glass , rub he eye in vague disbelief , clean the lense . edward Wayne enterprise will spearhead a entertainment revolution . Edward remove he glass , clean they in exactly the same manner as Bruce . edward I just need a bit of additional funding . for human trial . let I show you .... Bruce seem about to speak when suddenly - 22 the batsignal 22 beam bright against the night cloud over gotham City . 23 bruce 23 ( time to move ) maybe some other time .. edward I want you to know , we will be full partner in this , Bruce . ( waxing rhapsodic ) what talk we will have , late into the night . now , I be not use to business travel , so go easy on I . as for recognition , I be sure after a time I will get use to it . ( a beat ) look at we . two of a kind . Edward be suddenly aware of dozen of co-worker all around he , snickering and whispering . edward Bruce ...? Bruce 's eye dart again toward the batsignal . bruce call my secretary , she will set something up . ( turn ) Factory look great , folk . keep up the good work . edward ( desperate ) wait . you can not go . bruce we will talk some other - edward ( sudden rage ) no . do not leave I ! my invention ! I need you ! Edward have grab Bruce 's arm . the room go dead quiet . Bruce 's eye narrow . then he dislodge gently . bruce I be sorry , Edward . just feel a bit like mind manipulation . it raise too many question mark . Bruce head off . stickley alright everyone , back to work . ( to Edward ) we will discuss this later . Edward stare after Bruce . edward you be suppose to understand . hold on this tiny man , all alone in the labyrinthine work - place , eye darken now with grow obsession . edward I will make you understand . 24 int . bruce wayne 's private office 24 Bruce enter . bruce lock . 25 the door - close . lock . Bruce fall into a leather chair . 25 bruce capsule . 26 suddenly the chair seat drop , fast , slide into a 26 transport capsule . 27 int . transport tunnel 27 the capsule shoot through the underground tunnel , light whipping past at near super- sonic speed . 28 int . capsule 28 speed and time readout appear on the windscreen beside the craggy face of alfred pennyworth . bruce Alfred ... 29 alfred 29 I see the signal , be . all be ready . 30 int . bat cave - costume vault 30 Alfred watch the capsule arrive . 31 quick cut of glove , boot , and cape be don . 31 32 int . batcave 32 follow batman 's foot as he step up to the batmobile . alfred I suppose I could not convince you to take along a sandwich . batman jump into the batmobile . bruce ( to Alfred ) I will get drive - thru. ( to the car ) go ... 33 the car shoot a whitish - blue light from under it 's 33 belly . hub cap and detail glow as the batmobile zoom out of the cave . 34 int . cave access tube 34 the car shoot through a series of underground arch . the car pick up speed , the blue- white fusion drive go blue , then purple , then red . the single bat wing split into two as the car become a stealth bullet . 35 ext . wayne estate - night 35 the dark car whip through a holograph of tree that mask the entrance to the batcave , screeching onto ... 36 ext . forest road - night 36 the car speed towards gotham . 37 angle outside the window on 37 the batsignal , cut the darkness . pull back to reveal 38 int . second bank of gotham - 22nd floor - night 38 a worried thug peer at the batsignal out the skyscraper window . across a narrow abyss stand a skyscraper under construction , all girder and scaffold . 39 in f.g. , a spin silver dollar flip up into frame , 39 block out the batsignal . thug 1 bat should show any minute , face . a hand catch the coin , flip it again . 40 wider 40 Witness the rakishly handsome profile of harvey two - face dent , the other side of he face hide in shadow . two -face you. Sport . any thought ? count on batass to rescue you ? pull back to reveal a security guard , lay on the floor , wrist and foot bound , tremble with fear . two -face _ we_ sure be . guard ... you gonna kill I ? two -face might . might not . could say we be of two mind on the subject . guard I get family . ... please . two -face what say we flip for it ? two -ace shove the silver dollar under the Guard 's nose . one side shine in mint condition . two -face what could be fairer than the random toss of a honest coin ? life ... the other side bear deep , disfigure burn . two -face ... or death . guard please . I swear I will not say noth - two -face the coin _wants_ to decide . 41 two - face flip . the coin spin , gleam , land on the 41 floor only inch from the Guard 's face . 42 two - face stomp the coin . wink at the sweat Guard . 42 two - face exhilating , be not it ? the suspense ? sudden death or a new lease on life ? really make a man live in the moment . two - face remove he foot . unblemish side up . two -face you be in luck . you get to live to whimper another day . the Guard sob with relief . harvey 's thug grumble . two - face fold he jacket into a pillow , place it under the Guard 's head , now the nicest crook in the world . two -face that floor have get to be very hard . be that better ? guard uh , yeah . thanks , mr..uh ... face . two - face just call we harvey . can we get you a sandwich ? a soft drink ? give all the trouble we cause you , how about we cut you in for a share of tonight 's haul ? thug 2 face ! for cryin ' out loud ! you be not gonna pay he -- two - face turn on thug 2 with a vengeance , shoot out a hand that pin the fellow 's throat to the wall . two -face do we ask you opinion ? the coin have render its verdict . this man have a family to take care of . you have a problem with that ? we now see for the first time the left half of he face : hideously repulsive , a acid eat mutilation of flesh . thug 2 oh no , face . anything you say . 43 ext . pan - asia town - STREET - night 43 sweep spot . swat team . Police wagon . 44 commisioner gordon , 5as , a man who 's see enough pain 44 for a lifetime , stand in he trademark trenchcoat , lighting a cigarette . beside he stand a beautiful , professionally dress young woman . dr . chase meridian . 45 high above 45 the batmobile screech to a stop on a pedestrian bridge . 46 the batsignal be suddenly obscure , flow for a moment 46 into the shape of batman 's cape as the Dark knight leap 47 down past the spotlight , land face to face with chase . 47 chase hot entrance . batman turn , all business as he speak to Gordon . batman two -face ? gordon two guard dead . he 's hold the third hostage . do not see this one come . chase we should have , though . the man turn to face she . chase _ two_ million dollar wait to be transfer from the _ second_ Bank of gotham on the _ 22nd_ how could harvey ? _ two_ - face resist ? batman and you be ? gordon batman , I would like you to meet -- chase ( offer she hand ) chase meridian gordon I ask Dr. meridian to come to gotham to consult on this case . she specialize ... batman ... dual personality . abnormal psychology . Washington 's poster child for the criminally insane . I read you work . chase I be flatter . not every girl make a super-hero 's night table . you might have some interesting insight into two - face . batman why 's that ? chase let 's just say I could write a hell of a paper on a grow man who dress like a fly rodent . batman bat be not rodent , Dr. meridian . chase I do not know that . see ? you _are interesting . and call I chase . by the way , do you have a first name ? or do I just call you bat ? gordon May I remind you two we have a psychopathic murderer on the loose here ? a titanic boom rock the night . 48 searchlight race up the skeletal skyscraper to reveal .. 48 a giant crane and wrecking ball . the wreck ball smashes again into the bank building . 49 int . bank of gotham - night 49 the already crumble wall behind two face explode . two - face check he watch , unfaze , as the giant wreck ball crash into the room within inch of the villain . two -face right on schedule . two - face 's man scramble to the hole , attach chain to ... 50 ext . construction site - night ( continuous ) 50 ... a even thicker chain dangle 30 storey from the roof of the construction site . follow the chain up as it yank tight , revealing ... a blackhawk helicopter already atop the construction site , perch on steel beam . revving its mighty rotor . 51 a giant winch aboard the blackhawk start to haul the 51 safe chain over pulley up into a cargo hatch . 52 int . - second bank of gotham . 22nd floor , night 52 thug 1 stare out the window . thug 1 the bat 's take the bait ! what now ? 53 harvey flip the coin . 53 54 follow the coin as two - face snatch it from mid-air , 54 slap it on he wrist . bad side up . 55 angle on - two - face 's leave side . scar , gloat evil . 55 two -face at last , the bat die ! the chain suddenly yank the safe towards the hole in the wall . thug 2 gesture to the Guard on the floor . thug 2 what about he ? two -face kill he too . thug 2 , grin , draw a gun from he waistband . guard wait ! you say you would let I go ! two -face never hear of a double-cross ? 56 a ding from the elevator . 56 the thug and harvey all whirl , machine gun come up , open FIRE , armor pierce bullet punch hole in the metal door , shredd anyone inside . the guard lay bound on the floor . suddenly a clamp -end bat-cable drop from above . with a tiny click , the smart - clamp hook onto the Guard 's wrist binding . 57 elevator 57 harvey and thug empty magazine . re-load . two -face come on in , the water 's fine . all stand watch as the now perforate elevator door slide , jerk , open to reveal ... a empty elevator . the skylight overhead explode and , in a rain of glass , batman drop to the floor on a batrope . 58 the guard be apparently attach to the batrope 's other 58 end because , as the cape crusader come down , the Guard shoot up , hoist fast to the safe rooftop above . 59 FIRE door 59 blow open . two swat team burst in , armed for bear . swat leader Police ! freeze ! two -face not the guest list we have in mind . boy , the party 's over . two - face drop a smoke grenade . then he leap directly out the hole in the wall . his thug take off after he . 60 ext . construction site - night ( continuous ) 60 the thug come leaping through the hole , use the now rise safe as a springboard to close the windy gap , roll to safety on the construction site next door . they scatter , begin scale various beam and girder . 61 int . bank 61 swat team race through the smoke in close pursuit , come up short at the edge of the urban precipice . the safe have rise too high , now , to serve as a springboard , so the cop drop , begin firing across the gap . suddenly ... a dark wing explode out of the smoke behind they , fly across the abyss . 62 int . construction sight 62 a thug fire at the figure hurl towards he . batman land on the thug 's chest , smash he to the floor . suddenly , from above , bullet crack off the girder beside the cape crusader 's head . 63 reverse angle 63 two - face glide upward , riding the wreck ball as it overtake the safe , shoot down at batman . 64 batman start scale the scaffold after two - face . 64 he 's climb fast but harvey have too great a lead . 65 batman - Pov . a motorize gantry be carry one of the 65 thug up to the roof . 66 batman fire a batara . the bat -shape clamp bite into 66 the wooden base of the rise gantry . he toggle the launcher into winch mode , be hoist fast towards the rise gantry above . 67 on the gantry 67 the riding thug lean down , see the rise shadow , grab the batrope in both hand and flip over the gantry . 68 on the batrope 68 the thug slide fast down to kick range , draw back he boot to dispatch batman . batman hit a switch on he launcher , increase the winch speed , shoot he higher , faster . he grab the thug 's foot in he hand , shove he up so he head crack against the bottom of the gantry . batman swing the unconscious thug onto a hang construction hook , leave he dangle in mid-air by he nose ring , hoist himself up onto ... 69 the gantry 69 from the scaffold above , a thug drop to one end of the gantry , nun -chuck spin madly . behind batman , another thug drop into frame , draw a machine pistol . batman reach forward , grab the thug 's spin nun - chuck , stun he face with the wooden stick . in a single move , batman spin and let the weapon fly into the pistole assailant , knock he flat . 70 batman - Pov . two - face have reach the chopper . 70 71 int . helicopter - night 71 two - face climb into the chopper 's cargo bay . two -face ( to the pilot ) let 's fly . 72 ext . gantry - night 72 batman see the helicopter start to rise , pull the safe overhead along with it . 73 batman jump , drop through the abyss between the two 73 building , landing on ... 74 a high tension wire - close . the wire bend like a bow , 74 shoot batman like a arrow straight into the air . 75 batman grab the rise chain , slide down it 's link so 75 he be stand atop the safe . 76 he fire a batara into the bank wall , make a anchor , 76 attaches the bat-cable to the hitch atop the safe . 77 int . helicopter - night 77 the chopper be strain against batman 's bank - embed tether . two - face look down in fury . two -face the man be take he job _much too seriously _ . 78 ext . top of safe - night 78 batman palm a compartment on he utility belt and a small delivery mechanism snap a tiny acetylene torch into he glove hand . a blue flame ignites . batman start to cut the chain . 79 ext . construction site - night 79 batman 's torch slice the last link . batman reach up and grab the winch chain , be jerk suddenly upward with the now un - tethere chopper as ... 80 the safe 80 now freed , swing like a pendulum on it 's anchor line , arcing straight for the hole in the bank wall from which it be originally draw . 81 int . bank build 81 the safe come fly through the hole , slide across the floor and slamming back into place before the bewilder face of the swat team . 82 int . helicopter - night 82 two - face stare out the side of the chopper . two -face that be we money . two - face grab the control from the pilot . two -face he want to play . Fine , let 's play . 83 two - face pull back on the throttle , the chopper shoot 83 straight up into the sky like a rocket . 84 ext . gotham sky - night 84 batman hang from the chain , trail the chopper , a wing of shadowy quicksilver disappear into the night . 85 ext . arkham square - night - establishing 85 gotham 's Times Square . tall. narrow . the crawl of bumper - to-bumper traffic . glutted with neon sign and giant animated billboard . 86 the helicopter roar into view . batman hang on for dear 86 life as the city rush past . 87 a series of shot as street folk look up in wonder . 87 88 sign - close . for ginsu knive . a couple of giant hand 88 make fast work of a steak on a smoking barbecue . the chopper swing batman _through_ the ad , fall blade just miss he , drag he through the thick smoke . the chopper swing across the square , head for ... 89 another sign - close . this time a tremendous set of 89 clack tooth turn yellow to white each time the cap lift off of a giant tube of toothpaste . 90 the chopper barrel straight for the open mouth . 90 at the last moment the chopper bank , whipping the dangle batman inside the mouth . 91 the mouth close on the cape crusader . 91 92 the chopper pull away , the chain pull like floss 92 through the close tooth . 93 int . mouth 93 batman , still clutching the chain , be fly towards the barricade of close tooth . 94 ext . arkham square - mouth sign 94 batman smashes through the two front tooth . 95 batman - close . his face suddenly bath in a ever 95 brighten yellow glow . 96 int . chopper 96 two - face' Pov - through the windshield Dead ahead , another sign . this one be essentially a giant neon sun , the Wayne tech logo burn bright yellow and red over the message solar : the power of the future . 97 harvey gun the chopper 's engine . 97 pilot face !!! 98 ext . gotham sky 98 the chopper blows straight through the nova , neon exploding like star in all direction . 99 int . helicopter 99 as the Pilot , in the b.g. regains control of the chopper , harvey walk to the hold , look down through the hatch at the dangle chain below . no batman . two -face ah , to finally be rid of that pointy ear , steroid eat , rubber suite , cross dress , night rat ... 100 through the windshield 100 a familiar blue cape fall down over the plexi-glass . pilot uh...boss .... harvey spin , draw he machine pistol . pilot no ! too late . harvey sprays wildly , blow hole in the windshield and Pilot as well . 101 ext . helicopter 101 the cape slip off the windscreen 102 int . helicopter 102 the chopper dive . two - face stagger towards the pilot 's chair . he rest free the corpse , regains control . a fist smashes through the side window into harvey 's jaw . batman harvey , you need help . give it up . 103 ext . helicopter 103 batman stand on one of the strut , begin try to climb into the open side of the speed bird . two -face word of wisdom from we ex-friend ? harvey slam batman 's face with he foot . he go down . two - face mano a mano a bato . batman pull himself back up . grab harvey 's foot . flip he to the floor . drag he half way out of the bird . batman surrender . two -face ever be to arkham , batman ? you would feel right at home . you take a year of my life . so I be here to pay you back . there 's only one way out of this waltz . one of we die . batman I will not kill you , harvey . batman get harvey by the throat . two - face batman do not kill ? bullshit. ( epiphinous ) you be a killer too . somehow harvey 's word seem to shake batman a beat . it 's all the distraction harvey need . he smashes batman across the face . batman slip , fall out of sight . 104 windshield - close . Lady gotham be come up fast . 104 105 ext . helicopter 105 batman hang by one hand from the support strut , the bird hurl towards the giant statue . 106 int . helicopter 106 harvey lock " the Club " onto the control , fix the chopper on it 's deadly course . 107 batman hoist himself into the chopper through the open 107 side in time to see harvey stand over the cargo hatch . two -face Goodbye old pal . with that harvey leap through the cargo hatch . 108 batman stare freeze in disbelief as two - face plummet to 108 the dark water below . 109 then a sudden flurry of expand color catch in Lady 109 gotham 's lighthouse beam , and a parachute open over two - face , unfold into a giant yin -yang . 110 batman - Pov - the windshield shatter into the statue . 110 111 ext . helicopter - lady gotham - night 111 the helicopter explode into the leave side of Lady gotham 's face . a tremendous fireball split the night . 112 ext . gotham sky - night 112 batman be fall . still . eye close . maybe dead . flash of 113 ( over ) a scream . two shot . a pair of rose hit pavement . 113 114 a boy run through a storm , a book clutch in he hand . 114 115 a fall down a narrow stone chute , into a cave . 115 116 a bat , huge , evil , screeching . 116 two - face' word ( over ) - " you're a killer too . " 117 batman falling - close 117 batman plummet towards the water . his eye open . 118 ext . gotham harbor ( continuous ) 118 batman splashes into the harbor . dark. still . then , a familiar cowl break the surface , gasping for breath . batman stare up at the sky . 119 pan up 119 Lady gotham 's one beautiful face now burn the night . 120 int . wayne enterprise - night 120 Dark , save the light from a single cubicle . 121 int . edward work station - night 121 Edward sit hunch over he desk , work on he invention . sweat bead he brow , lip mumbling furiously . edward ( obsessive repetition ) too many question . too many question . Edward glance up at the picture of Bruce Wayne . edward I will show you it work . stickley ( o.s. ) what the hell be go on here ? stickley stand before Edward 's cubicle . not happy . stickley you project be terminate . I be call security . stickley turn to go . mistake . Edward crack stickley on the head with a coffee pot . down he go . edward caffine will kill you . 122 int . edward cubicle - minute later 122 stickley awaken to find himself strapped in a swivel chair . Edward be place a elaborate computerize headband over stickley 's head . ( over ) a small tv hook into Edward 's contraption run a fishing show . edward this will not hurt a bit . ( muse ) at least I do not think it will . Edward reach for a small transceiver fuse to the tv . stickley goddamnit , you press that button and - 123 too late . a green beam explode from the tv screen , 123 engulf stickley . 124 in the beam - a small holographic representation of the 124 fisherman reeling in a prize bass . 125 stickley - Pov - as far as Fred be concerned he 's on the 125 shore , the fisherman 's catch flap in he face . 126 the tv signal begin to waver and tremble . 126 edward loose resolution . more power . he increase the power toggle . backfire . a sudden white light shoot back into the tv and up , surround Ed . stickley - close . his eye dull , glaze over . edward - close . the effect on he seem to be quite the opposite . invigorate , sexual . the beam-flare . a tiny nova . overload . both man scream . all light vanish . edward - close . his face bury in he hand . Edward peer up from he hand . look into he eye . one thing be sure . Edward nygma have go power mad , totally insane . edward ( game show host ) Fred stickley . come on down . you be the next contestant on I want you Brain . ( wayne-like ) nygma you machine have unexpected side effect . a feed back loop have cause you brain to absorb stickley 's neural energy . ( hyper ) stickley , I have have a break - through ! and a breakdown ? maybe . nevertheless . I be smarter . Hell , I be a genius . more than a genius . several geniuse . genae . genie . Ed rise , babble a daze Fred 's lip with he finger . edward ( short order cook ) yo. Charlie . gimmie a order of brain deep - fry . extra well do . hold the neuron . ( a scientist ) patient exhibit symptom of psycho neural overload . notation : obviously higher setting can be dangerous to the subject . ( pace ) riddle I this , Fred . what be everything to someone and nothing to everyone else ? you mind of course . and now mine pump with the power of yours . ( urban ) New from brain-bok . Da pump . think faster . reason higher . out-cog-nate every homey on the court of life . Da pump . yeah . ( shakespearian ) Ho ! Mark . I sense a odd penchant for the anagramatic . the acrostic . the crypto-graphic . what doth this bode ? answer I marcutio , you little runt . ( gourmet ) Fred , I must confess you be a wonderful appetizer . simply divine . but now I yearn for a meal of substance . the main course . a wide and varied palette . ah , to taste the mind of a hero . a nobleman . a poet . ( groucho ) a chick in a short skirt would not be so bad either . stickley ... fire ... you fire ... you fire . you understand ?! fire !! edward I do not think so . Edward savagely send stickley careen across the slick floor still strapped to the swivel chair . 127 stickley head straight for the huge round window . 127 128 Edward seem like he have regret as he dash after 128 stickley . the chair ... 129 smashes through the round window 129 it teeter on the edge of the building , dam and rushing water below . stickley be be hold on the precipice by the long wire attach to he headband . it be really only this that Edward come to save . 130 edward 130 fred. Babe . _ you_ be fire . or should I say terminate ! he yank the invention from stickley 's head and he crash below to certain death . Ed race back to ... 131 edward cubicle 131 edward question mark , Mr. Wayne ? he stand stare at the picture of Bruce Wayne . edward my work raise too many question mark ? in a frenzy , Edward begin tear up the magazine lie on he desk , rip out individual word , pasting they quickly onto a blank piece of paper . edward two year . 3.5762 percent of my estimate lifespan toil for you great glory and profit . he smashes the frame gq cover of Bruce on the floor . edward well , let I ask you some question , Mr. smarter than thou . why be you so debonair ? successful ? richer than God ? why should you have it all and not I ? yes , you be right , there be too many question , Bruce Wayne . Edward stomp on the picture , pulverize the glass . edward like why have not anybody put you in you place ? and it 's time you come up with some answer . start right now ! a series of image - 132 ( over ) a scream . shot . rose fall to the pavement . 132 133 a young boy stand stare into a parlor where two 133 coffin rest . Thomas and martha Wayne . Dead leave whip through the hallway . 134 SMALL hand touch a leather bound book . suddenly the 134 page be splatter with blood . wind blow out two flicker candle . 135 the boy run through a dark , stormy night , the book 135 clutch in he hand . he slip . a sinkhole . 136 a fall down a narrow chute . the boy land in a dark cave . 136 137 a giant monarch bat , fang bare , screech towards we . 137 two -face ( v.o. ) you be a killer too . 138 int . wayne manor - bruce's bedroom - morning 138 in he bed , Bruce wake , try to blink away the image . Alfred draw the curtain , welcoming rich autumn sun . alfred the dream again , sir ? bruce I think they be get worse . alfred it 's a wonder you sleep at all . as Bruce sit up , Alfred notice a fresh set of bruise . alfred what a marvelous shade of purple . Bruce shoot he a look . alfred really , sir , if you insist on try to get yourself kill each night . Alfred pick up Bruce 's carelessly - toss batsuit from the floor . ripped , dent , puncture . alfred ... would it be a terrible imposition to ask you to take better care of you equipment ? bruce then you would have nothing to complain about . alfred hardly a worry , sir . Alfred bring a robe , hold it out for Bruce . alfred commissioner Gordon phone . there 's be a accident at Wayne enterprise . 139 int . - wayne enterprise - morning 139 as the window be replace in b.g. , Edward nygma stand sobbing before the head of personnel . with augment brain power apparently come augment act talent . edward ( inconsolable ) why ? oh , why ? I can not believe it . two year . work in the same office . shoulder to shoulder , cheek to cheek , --- we be talk face , by the way --- and then this . ( hand she a note ) I find this in my cubicle . you will find the handwrite match he exactly as do sentence structure and spelling . ( suddenly sobbing again ) I could not possibly continue on here . the memory . I will just get my thing . 140 another angle 140 Edward slip out a side door , quickly avoid Bruce and Gordon as they walk towards Bruce 's office . gordon we have question everyone who work on the floor . Computer record show no one go in or out after stickley . bruce Computer record can be forge . I will have my people pull up -- a cop hand Gordon the forge note . gordon suicide . with all due respect , leave the police work to we . we will be in touch . as the commissioner exit , Bruce head into he office , follow by he secretary , margaret . 141 int . bruce's office ( continuous ) 141 margaret the society matron of gotham have call a record thirty - two time . not to mention the press . I think that if they do not know soon who you plan to take to the charity circus , the world will most surely come to a end . Bruce notice a envelope on he desk . bruce what 's this ? margaret I do not know . I do not see anyone ... bruce no postmark . no stamp . Bruce open the envelope . 142 letter - close . a photo of Bruce . below : letter cut from 142 newspaper and magazine read : ( riddle # 1 ) ( to be write ) sign - the riddler 143 Bruce raise a eyebrow . 143 bruce the riddler ? why can not anyone in this town have a normal name ? phone ring . Bruce hit a switch and a desk video- phone light into life . Alfred . alfred Channel 12 , sir . Bruce press a button and Alfred 's image shrink to a small box in the corner , superimpose atop a tv picture . 144 on screen - 144 a talk show in progress . a radiant black host : vondelle million talk to a panel of expert . vondelle -- join we , we be talk about the mutilation of Lady gotham , cause late last night by batman - 145 bruce 145 _ excuse_ I ?! vondelle -- will take up to nine month to repair . today 's topic : batman-crime - fighter or criminal ? batman how ' bout two - face ? anyone here hear of he ? the shot widen to reveal the panel . 146 on screen - we first expert : dr . janislaus royce . 146 royce batman be a major cause of crime in gotham . so - call super-villains seek he out hope to prove themselves in violent conflict . batman do not deter crime , he invite it . vondelle I be sure we audience object to you gender bias . batperson . the second expert pipe in , dr . david aim . aim what be the Dark knight 's credo ? batman do not kill ? what of that slain during he fight with Jack Napier aka joker ? or in he Christmas conflict with the orphan cobblepot ? batman belong behind bar , not he morally disadvantaged victim . chase ( o.s . ) bull ( bleep ) ! 147 wider 147 chase sit at the end of the panel . vondelle what do you say ? chase which part of the word do not you understand ? 148 watch , Bruce sit a little straighter , more hopeful . 148 bruce I could like this woman . 149 chase 149 batman be a sreaction to the crime in this city , not a creator of it ! without he many more would be dead . batman be a true hero ... vondelle hey , Doc , get the hot for batman ? hoot and hollers from the audience . chase - close . busted . 150 on screen , a graphic : batman : crimefighter or criminal ? 150 vondelle what do you think ? call we at ... a hand reach up and snap off the tv . the screen go black to reveal a reflection in the glass : two - face . pull back to reveal int . two - face' hideout - day two - face turn away , disgust . two - face batman , batman , batman . God , we want that man 's blood on we hand . 151 wider 151 leather sit to one side of harvey . Ruby lipstick , tight leather outfit , a choker of spike , razor blade earring , stroking a muzzle black doberman . leather oh you be most obscene , my frightful grotesque . another set of arm entwine two - face . lace , a submissive blonde in Victoria 's secret 's lacy best nuzzle he good side , pet a white kitten . lace do not listen to she . you be every girl 's dream . leather waste dorothy and toto here , you and I can get down to business . harvey slap leather , hard . leather harder , baby . hit I again . two - face no. leather ( hotter still ) sadist . he turn now to lace , caress she face gently . widen to reveal two - face 's hideaway , divide straight down the middle . lace 's half be all light and order . leather 's domain look like a S&M club . two -face too many bat to fry to think about fun . we wanna take he apart limb by hyper-extend limb . feel he bone crunch in we hand . beat he until he 's as black and blue as that ridiculous rubber suit . without think , harvey step over the laceland . his demeanor instantly change , now more reason and calm . two -face on the other hand , perhaps something slow , a delicious incursion of despair , a campaign to shatter he psyche and bring he crumble to he knee . he wander back across to leatherland . two -face Hell . why wait ? rupture he organ . shatter he spine . still have time for a late dinner . back in laceland . two -face but simple murder ? it 's just too damn simple . besides , it 's be do . no . we need a plan . back to leatherland . two -face yes . something senseless , brutal , savage , violent . back to laceland , stop to add ... two -face yet witty . 152 ext . wayne manor - night 152 Edward pedal a bicycle down a service road towards Wayne manor , a envelope jutting from he shirt pocket . 153 int . batcave - night 153 Alfred stand over a cage of bat . a hand -held scanner produce distance reading . Bruce sit before he master Console . bruce how 's the sonar come , Alfred ? alfred a few hitches sir , but I be confident we will have a prototype in no time . bruce it will never work . alfred I believe you say the same thing about the batmobile . ( over ) a doorbell ring . Alfred disappear upstairs . 154 bruce - over the shoulder 154 Bruce work a keyboard , manipulate the image on various screen . 155 screen one - replays the CNN story on two - face 155 156 screen two - replays the vondelle Williams show . 156 157 screen three - run news footage of chase . 157 158 as Alfred return , Bruce split the chase screen , a list 158 of psychiatric text scrolling beside she portrait . alfred scholarly research ? bruce she have a excellent mind . alfred if I misinterpreted you interest in the lady , I humbly apologize -- bruce I wonder if she would go out with I . alfred apology hastily retract . Bruce freeze the image of vondelle Williams over the familiar graphic : batman : crimefighter or criminal ? bruce they do not understand . they think I become batman to fight crime . Bruce lean back , close he eye , he past never far . bruce do you remember the night I fall into that cave and the bat chase I ? alfred you parent ' wake . rain fall like tear . bruce ... the night batman be bear . ( a beat ) what be I do in the field that night , Alfred ? what send I run out into that storm ? I keep dream about it but I just can not remember . alfred I do not know , sir . you dear parent . suddenly go . so much loss ... bruce I remember the bat , though . his scream . that eye . i be sure the fear would kill I . ( a beat ) in time I come to believe that if I become a monster , that if I be fear , I would not be scared anymore . I be wrong . ( off the screen ) they think I become batman to fight crime . I become batman to fight the fear . and instead I become the fear . Alfred hand he a envelope . alfred perhaps it 's time you pay a bit more attention to Bruce Wayne . there be no one at the door , just this . within , ( riddle # 2 ) . his expression darken . 159 ext . ugly tenement - bad neighborhood - night 159 ( over ) sound of pounding 160 int . hallway outside edward apartment - night 160 the source of the pounding -- mrs . lucertola , Ed 's middle - age , no-bullshit landlady . mrs . lucertola ya wanna cough up you rent , or do I post a eviction notice ? lock turn . the door open a crack . Edward peek out . edward Mrs. lucertola . what a surprise . come in . I be just sit down to write the check . 161 int . edward apartment - night 161 Mrs. lucertola barge inside -- then stop , aghast . her Pov - five people might live here . Sports magazine . stock market ticker . half complete painting and sculpture . blueprint . in the corner a old circus booth contain a manikin of the green-clad , can wield guesser . mrs . lucertola what be it exactly that you do , Mr. nygma ? edward my dear Ms. lucertola . italian , be not it ? for lizard . how fitting . I think the question better ask : what be it that I do not do ? Ed guide Mrs. lucertola to a sofa before the tv . edward most recently I have devise a way to change the destiny of mankind and the world as we know it , all in my favor of course . mrs . lucertola the rent nygma !!! edward might I persuade you to take a seat on this couch ? to indulge I in a little experiment ? he shove she down . mrs . lucertola hey , I get no time for - Edward clamp a new , streamline headband on she head . edward showtime . he click on the tv . a evening soap . mrs . lucertola my favorite story . atop the tv rest a small box . the next generation of he remote encephalographic stimulator . edward yes. tv. balm to the mind of the mass . the great deadener . if only it be more lively . but wait . I can help . he hit a switch on the box and the familiar beam engulf he landlady , the holographic image of the screen 's kissing couple now hover in mid-air before she . mrs . lucertola oh my lord . edward not quite . but I be get there . 162 mrs . lucertola - Pov - she might as well be sit on the 162 foot of the bed as the two lover ' embrace heat up . Edward wave he hand in front of she eye . nothing . the same daze expression that stickley wear . edward now this be much better . no pain . just a little holographic tv to keep you mind off the fact ... Edward plant a electrode on he forehead . edward ... that I be take you mind . ( professional ) not you thought , mind you . just you neural energy , simply suck some iq point as it be . a GREEN -blue aura form around Edward 's head . edward ( announcer ) his intelligence jump . Ms. lizard do not know it . the crowd go wild . ( ceo ) boy , I want one of this baby in every home . ( Clinton ) it 's the new information super highway and , pay attention now kid . I be the on ramp . ( ad - man ) from they brain to the tv to my brain , with no commercial interruption ! ( announcer ) there be seven million brain in the nake City ... ( menace ) ... and they be all mine ! 163 ext . municipal police complex - day 163 gothic . active . Bruce enter the complex . 164 int . police complex - chase's office 164 comfortable . well appoint . degree on the wall . chase open she door to Bruce Wayne . chase Mr. Wayne . chase meridian . the spark he feel from she as batman do not fly . chase how can I help you , Mr. Wayne ? bruce somebody 's be send I love letter . commissioner Gordon think you might give I you expert opinion . chase spread the ` riddler ' letter before she . Bruce tap he finger absentmindedly as he watch she read . chase psychiatrist make you nervous ? bruce just one this beautiful . chase the infamous Wayne charm . do it ever shut off ? bruce on occasion . usually at night . Bruce stop tapping , examine book on aberrant behavior . the Dark side . turn a tiny wicker doll over in he hand . bruce still play with doll , Doctor ? chase she 's a malaysian dream warden . she stand sentry while you sleep and calm you dream . ( off Bruce 's expression ) need one ? bruce me? no. only thing that need calming in my dream be the rockettes . chase hold he eye a beat . not buy . but she let it go , look back over the letter . chase my opinion . this letter writer be a total wacko . bruce wacko ? that a technical term ? chase patient apparently suffer from acute obsessional syndrome with potential homicidal style . work better for you ? bruce so what you be say , this guy 's a total wacko , right ? chase ( a slight smile ) exactly . he notice batman research on she desk . spot a frame print hang on the wall . a bat . bruce you have a thing for bat ? chase follow he gaze . chase that 's a rorschach , Mr. Wayne . people see what they want to . Bruce look back up . in fact , just a ink blot . only he see a bat within it 's bleed line . chase I think the question would be , do you have a thing for bat ? bruce so , this riddler , he 's dangerous ? chase what do you know about obsession ? bruce not much . chase obsession be bear of fear . recall a moment of great terror in you life . say you associate that moment with ... ( random ) ...a bat . the bat 's image become a cancer of the mind , grow more real than you daily life . can you imagine something like that ? bruce it 's a stretch but I will manage . chase the letter writer be obsessed with you . his only escape may be ... bruce to kill I . chase you understand obsession better than you let on . bruce no insight here , doc . just try to get comfortable on you couch . ( check he watch ) oops . Times up . chase that 's usually my line . bruce look , I would love to keep chat - chase would you ? I be not so sure . bruce but I be go to have to get you out of that clothes . chase Excuse I . bruce and into a black dress . Bruce throw she startle expression he best smile . bruce tell I , Doctor , do you like the circus ? despite herself , chase smile back . 165 a sign - close - gotham Hospital Charity Circus . wider 166 ext . hippodrome - night 166 immense . on the lap edge of gotham Harbor . searchlight sweep the sky . flag flutter on the hippodrome 's oval roof , limo spill gotham 's finest . the night of the season . 167 int . CENTER ring 167 the flying grayson -- mother , Father , and two son all wear colorful red and green outfit with yellow cape - -- race out to greet the crowd . they discard they cape , cartwheel to four guywire . ringmaster lady and gentleman . seventy foot above the ground , perform feat of aerial skill without a net , the Flying grayson ! the light dim . spot follow each grayson as hoist cable whisk they up to the trapeze and high wire . 168 on the trapeze 168 dad and Chris grayson hang by they knee , upside down on opposite trapeze . 169 Mom jump to Chris ' hand , hang in mid-air . Chris swing 169 back and forth , building momentum , then send she to dad in a poetic double somersault . 170 below 170 the hippodrome be pack solid . 171 VIP section 171 Bruce and chase in evening finery take they seat amidst a barrage of flash photographer . the gotham Society matron crowd for a photo op . chase ( off the flash ) I be surprised you be not blind by now . bruce ( as if he be ) I be sorry . who be you ? chase smile . the Press and matron disappear . bruce now we can just sit back and watch the show like normal folk . ringmaster ( over ) tonight 's benefit have raise $ 375,000 for gotham Children 's Hospital . let 's thank we large single donor : Bruce Wayne . spotlight find Bruce and chase . wild applause . chase ( through she smile ) like normal folk . bruce ( deadpan ) what ? this be not normal ? 172 ringmaster 172 and now Richard , the youngest Flying grayson , will perform the _quadruple_ Flying somersault ! 173 dick grayson , handsome , only happy when he be in flight , 173 jump to he father 's hand , hang in air . 174 dick Pov - the world flip , dizzying , four time . 174 175 Chris catch Dick 's hand . shaky . one hand slip free . 175 the crowd gasp . Dick dangle for a instant . 176 Chris hoist Dick to safety . a uproarious ovation ! 176 177 chase watch Bruce . he 's rivete , eye like a child 's . 177 bruce that kid be amazing . chase I do not get you Bruce Wayne . bruce me? I be easy . especially after a couple of martinis . chase the glib , cavalier routine , it really be a act , be not it ? bruce do not believe it . I be just skin deep . but he hold she eye and in the smile that pass between they , sweet electricity . maybe something more . 178 the ringmaster stand watch the grayson feat of 178 aerial wonder . something catch he eye . 179 a glove hand extend through the curtain lead 179 backstage , beckon he with a single finger . 180 the ringmaster - close . puzzle . step out of the ring . 180 181 back to bruce and chase 181 bruce look , I be rock climb Sunday . how about come along ? chase Bruce , much to my surprise , you seem like a really great guy ... bruce but ... chase well , I meet someone ... bruce fast work . you just move here . chase you could say he kind of drop out of the sky and bang - . I think he feel it too . bruce he sure do . chase what ? bruce ( awkward ) I say I be sure he do . Bruce look towards ... 182 CENTER ring 182 a tiny car , horn honking away , roar into the middle ring and begin dislodge clown , all tumble out of the car and over each other . 183 a new ringmaster step into the arena . two - face . 183 two - face lady and gentleman , and I do use the term loosely , you attention please . tonight , a new act for you amusement . we call it massacre under the Big top . 184 his thug slip out of they clown costume and seal every 184 exit . 185 they pull machine gun and start shoot over the 185 audience 's head . panic . scream . 186 two -face 186 people , people . show some grace under pressure . a little decorum , please . ( into he mike ) _shut up_ !!! 187 more machine gun burst as thug move into sentry 187 position at each section of bleacher . folk quiet . 188 two -face 188 if we may direct you attention ... 189/90 a thug train a spot on a crate hang in the rafter . 189/90 191 two -face 191 Inside that wooden box : two hundred stick of tnt . ( show a box ) in we hand : a radio detonator . two - face press a button . 192 detonator - close . a digital countdown . 3:00 . 2:59 . 2:58 ... 192 193 two -face 193 you have three minute . 194 the mayor 194 what the hell do you want ? 195 two -face 195 want , Mr. Mayor ? just one little thing . batman . bruise . Broken . bleed . in a word : dead . two - face turn , show he good side . two -face who do we have assemble before we ? gotham 's finest . Rich , influential . smart . one of you must know who batman be . Hell , we would lay odd one of you _is_ batman . two - face spin , offer he evil side . two -face so , unless the bat be surrender to we post haste , we be off on a proverbial kill spree . City wide mayhem and murder . start tonight . with all you lovely folk as we very first corpse to be . you have three --- well just under three - -- minute . 196 bruce , he eye rivete on the bomb . no secret be worth 196 innocent life . he stand . chase , misunderstanding , try to pull Bruce back down . wider suddenly everyone jump up , shout and scream , point towards the rafter . 197 reverse angle 197 the grayson scale the scaffold , head for the bomb . two -face boy ! move , move , move ! ( a beat ) can not get good help this day . 198 any thug not stand sentry fan out , speed up guywire . 198 199 CHRIS 199 ( to Dick ) go ! we will hold they off ! Mom , dad and Chris swing from trapeze to guywire to platform , try to delay the thug who be actually well - train gymnast . 200 Dick launch himself from trapeze to trapeze , bounce 200 off the high wire , grab a catwalk and hoist himself up . 201 Bruce use the distraction to hop the rail , race through 201 the scream crowd . 202 the time - close . 1:03 . 1:02 . 1:01 . 202 203 on the trapeze 203 204 a thug grab dad grayson by the leg . dad manage a jump 204 to another trapeze . 205 Mom 's not so lucky . a thug punch she off the uppermost 205 platform . she fall in mid-air . 206 folk in the audience scream . 206 207 bruce move fast towards one of the sentry thug . 207 208 mom snag a wildly swinging trapeze with one leg , wrap 208 she ankle around a rope , hang over the floor . 209 a thug point to the time clock 0:45 . 0:44 . 0:43 . 209 210 the thug quit the fight , slide down rope and guywire . 210 211 dad and CHRIS form a human chain to reach mom. dad 211 anchor Chris who swing out towards Mom . Mom swing she trapeze to gather momentum . 212 in the rafter 212 Dick have reach the bomb . begins un - lash the crate . 213 on the circus floor 213 the thug begin to pour through the trap door . a few thrill - seeker fire they machine gun over the crowd . 214 the timer - close . 0:15 . 0:14 . 0:13 . 214 215 dick scale a service ladder , vie with a roof hatch . 215 216 trapeze - close 216 Dan and Chris make they final swing . Mom let go and sail gloriously towards Chris . below they , no net . 217 bruce tap the watch thug on the shoulder . he spin . 217 bruce show 's over . a punch and the guy be out . Bruce start for two - face . another thug spring up before he , block he way . 218 two -face stare up at the dangle grayson . he reach 218 into he pocket . pull out a familiar coin . two - face Day in , day out , it always come down to the same old question . life ... ( flip the coin ) or death . he look down . scar side up . he draw he gun . two -face we kinda day . 219 bruce fell the other thug. start to sprint across the 219 ring towards two - face . 220 at the roof 220 Dick shove the hatch open , climb out . 221 timer - close . 0:10 . 0:09 . 0:08 . 221 222 mom spot the point gun far below . she scream . 222 223 bruce race for the aim two - face . almost there . 223 another thug hit he broadside , knock he flat . 224 two -face fire . twice , the first bullet cut , the 224 225 second sever the rope that hold the grayson . 225 two -face never do like the circus . too many freak . 226/27 two - face disappear down the tunnel . Bruce struggle 226 / 27 to he foot . a charge blow inside the escape hatch , fill the access - way with fire . no way out . 228 clock - close . 0:07 . 0:06 . 228 229 ext . hippodrome roof - continuous - night 229 Dick scramble onto the roof , begin whipping the bomb rope like a sling . 230 int . hippodrome - continuous - night 230 clock - close . 0:05 . 0:04 . 0:03 . 231 ext . hippodrome roof - continuous - night 231 Dick let 's fly , the bomb soar out towards the harbor . 232 the bomb hit the water . sink . a beat . the night be 232 split by a funnel explosion . 233 int . hippodrome - night 233 Dick swing excitedly down onto the catwalk . he freeze at the rail . dick no !!!! dick - close . on he face , he life 's end . 234 dick Pov -- straight down 234 the dead body of he mother , father and brother . Bruce Wayne stand over they , look up at the boy . 235 bruce - close . his face a tragic echo of Dick 's pain . 235 236 ext . - wayne manor - next afternoon 236 a police car head towards the manor . Dick grayson , pack on he back , wind he motorcycle behind the cruiser . Bruce come out to greet Gordon . Dick , slightly awestruck , dismount , wander into the house . gordon it 's good of you to take he in . he 's be fill out form all day . he have not even eat . Bruce nod , watch Gordon drive off . head into ... 237 int . wayne manor foyer - late day 237 as Bruce enter through the open door , Alfred arrive from the other direction . alfred welcome , master grayson . I be Alfred . dick how ya doin ' , Al ? alfred ( mouth ) Al ? dick ( to Bruce ) Big house . how many room ? bruce gee , I be not sure . ( across the foyer ) Alfred ? how many room ? total ? alfred ninety - three , include the sauna . bruce take any three you like . after you get settle we can ... 238/39 but Dick be not listen , stare instead over 238/39 Bruce 's shoulder as Gordon 's cruiser disappear out of sight . dick okay . I be outta here . bruce Excuse I . dick I figure tell that cop I would stay here save I a truckload of social service interview and good will . so no offense but thanks . see ya . Dick head toward the door . Alfred slip away . bruce where will you go ? the circus be halfway to metropolis by now . dick I get no place at the circus without my family . I be go to get a fix on two - face . then I be go to kill he . bruce listen , dick. killing two - face will not take the pain away . it will make it worse . dick look , spare I the sermon , okay . you be just some rich guy who be try to do a good deed . you do not even know I . Bruce stare beyond Dick , into he own past . bruce it 's not just the sadness . be it ? the shame be worse . feeling like somehow you should have save they . Dick be look at Bruce now . bruce you be right . I do not know you . but I be like you . just then Alfred return with a tray . rare London broil . baby potato . Fresh green . a aromatic feast . alfred oh , be the young master leave ? pity . I will just toss this away then . perhaps the dog be hungry - Alfred turn , head up the stair . alfred I will set this up in the guest suite . just in case . Dick follow , lead by he nose . Bruce smile , nod slowly , head into ... 240 int . - wayne library 240 Bruce touch a vase of fresh rose . stare at frame photo of Thomas , martha , of himself , young . happy . with no knowledge of the future . 241 he turn . suddenly they coffin be in the middle of the 241 room again , the still corpse white in death . he 's a boy . there on the desk . a leather bound book . ( over ) thunder crack . 242 the front door fly open . a evil wind whip the house . 242 243 the book be splatter with blood . 243 244 the window explode , shatter glass , and out of the 244 darkness fly a huge , evil bat . alfred ( over ) master Bruce ? 245 Bruce be sit in a chair , hold a rise , head down , 245 the image only flash of memory . night have fall . he look up , eye . red . bruce it 's happen again . just like my parent . a monster come out of the night . a scream . two gunshot . I kill they . alfred what do you say ? bruce he kill they . two - face . he slaughter that boy 's parent . alfred no. you say I . I kill they . bruce do not be ridiculous . suddenly a pale light through the window illuminate the room , bathes they face . 246 the batsignal beam in the sky . 246 247 int . guest ( dick be ) bedroom 247 Dick grayson finish eat . he move into the 248 hallway 248 the house seem empty . dick hey ?.. hello ?... anybody home ? he 's puzzle . 249 ext . gotham CITY STREET - night 249 batman speed along in the batmobile . he hit top speed as the car 's fusion drive glow red . 250 a giant projector , beam the batsignal on the fast night cloud . batman leap from a neighbor roof to find no one . just the huge light and the city wind . batman commissioner ...? a shadow appear from behind the searchlight . chase . chase he 's home . I send the signal . batman what 's wrong ? chase last night at the circus . I notice something about dent . his coin . he 's obsessed with justice . it 's he Achilles ' heel . it can be exploit . he step close to she . intimidate . batman you call I here for this ? the batsignal be not a beeper . instead of back off , chase move towards he . chase I wish I could say my interest in you be purely professional ... batman be you try to get under my cape , Doctor ? chase a girl can not live by psychose alone . batman it 's the car , right ? chick love the car . chase what be it about the wrong kind of man ? in grade school it be guy with earring . College , motorcycle and leather jacket . chase be right up against he . she run she finger along the outline of batman 's mask . chase now black rubber . batman try a fireman . less to take off . chase I do not mind the work . pity I can not see behind the mask . batman still she hand . batman we all wear mask . chase my life 's a open book . you read ? batman I be not the kind of guy who blend in at a family picnic . chase we could give it a try . I will bring the wine , you bring the scar psyche . batman you be direct , be not you ? chase you like strong woman . I have do my homework . or do I need skin-tight vinyl and a whip ? they body be close . batman I have not have much luck with woman ... chase maybe you just have not meet the right woman ... they mouth be close . suddenly commissioner Gordon , trench - coat over pajamas , rush onto the roof . gordon I see the beacon . what 's go on ? batman nothing ... false alarm . 251 batman shoot a batara into the night and dive from 251 the building . chase be you sure ? 252 ext . seedy part of town - day 252 siren whine as two cruiser fly down a pot-hol street . 253 angle on - a bridge structure . 253 254 int . two - face' hideout - day 254 the room be dark . police siren fade as a trap door open in the floor . two - face emerge . two -face ever have one of that day where you just want to kill someone ? voice in the dark riddle I this . ( riddle # 3 ) reverse angle a mysterious silhouette stand in the dark . two - face draw he gun . voice in the dark the answer be , you enemy . two -face who be you ? voice in the dark you can just call I ... the riddler . the figure step out of shadow . a new costume , lime green , cover with question mark , a emerald eye mask , derby and cane . a exact replica of the guesser 's outfit . two -face how would you find we ? riddler you _are two - face , you would need to face both river , both uptown and downtown simultaneously . only one spot in gotham serve this bi - zonal , bi-coastal need ... two -face congratulation . you get to die on the dean 's list . two - face train he gun , cock the trigger . riddler have anyone ever tell you have a serious impulse control problem ? ( look around ) you know , I simply love what you have do with this place . heavy Metal with just a touch of House and Garden . he cross to leatherland . riddler it 's so dark and gothic and disgustingly decadent ... he move to laceland . riddler yet so bright and chipper and conservative ! ( to " bad " side ) it 's so you . ( " good " side ) and yet so _you_ ! ( touch he suit ) very few people be both a summer _and_ a winter . but you pull it off nicely . two -face a man with a death wish . riddler harvey . you need I . since you have get out of arkham , you have manage , what ? to bungle steal a safe ? wreck a statue ? and , correct I if I be wrong here , but be not you outsmart by a acn acrobat at the circus ? two -face let 's see if you bleed green . two - face cock back the hammer . riddler alright , counselor . go ahead . Fire away . but before you do , let I ask you one question . be it really I you want to kill ? the riddler knit he thumb together , wave he hand over one of the expose light bulb that illuminate the room , make a shadow on the wall . the shadow of a bat . riddler do you know about hate , my dual visage friend ? slow , burn hate that keep you sleepless until late in the night , that wake you before dawn . do you know that kind of hate ? I do. ( circle harvey ) kill he ? seem like a good enough idea . but have you think it through ? a few bullet , a quick spray of blood , a fast , thrill rush , and then what ? wet hand and post-coital depression . be it really enough ? ( up close ) why not ruin he first ? expose he frailty . and then , when he be at he weakest , crush he in you hand . 255 riddler gesture to the front of the room , where leather 255 and lace , on they respective side , be fix to they tv 's via the green beam of the box . he toss a receiver electrode to two -face . riddler ... take a hit . two - face look at the electrode curiously . riddler ( tap he forehead ) up , up , up . a beat . then , gun still train on the riddler , two - face hold the receiver to he skull . he 's blast with a dose of leather and lace 's neural energy . two -face Holy shit . riddler so not everyone can be a poet . still , I respect the sentiment . riddler wave he hand in front of the girl ' eye . no response . definitely zone . riddler ( to the girl ) this be you brain on the box . ( off harvey ) this be you brain on they brain . he plant a electrode on he own forehead . riddler this be my brain on you brain on they brain . do anybody else feel like a fry egg ? the riddler grab two - face 's receiver . two - face no. wait ... riddler addictive be not it ? just say no . until I say yes . a little fringe benefit of work with I . now here 's the concept , counselor . crime . my i.q. , you AK - 47 . you help I gather production capital so I can produce enough of this ( pull a box from he vest ) to create a empire that will eclipse Bruce Wayne 's forever . and , in return I will help you solve the great riddle of all . who be batman ? two - face eye the riddler , interest dawn in he eye . two -face you be a very strange person . you speak as if we be old friend , which we be not . you barge in here unarm when it be clearly suicidal to do so . still , a intrigue proposition . ( pull he coin ) head : we take you offer . he rest the barrel on the riddler 's temple . two -face tail : we blow you _goddam head off_ ! 256 follow the coin 256 as two - face flip it high in the air ... spinning ... 257 int . jewelry exchange 257 thug grab handfuls of gem as a Guard press the alarm button . loony toons and merrie melodie theme play as riddler 's animated face fill the surveillance screen . wider the riddler and two - face stand over a palette of black jeweler 's feel . litter with bright , sparkling diamond . the riddler slip on a monocle , lift a stone . two - face grab the entire palette , pour the diamond into a loot bag , head towards another counter . 258 int . batmobile - moving 258 windscreen - close . a flash message : crime in progress . 259 a ever change tactical map show batman 's narrowing 259 proximity to the crime site . 260 ext . STREET 260 the batmobile rush to a halt . batman leap out , smashes through a door into ... 261 int . beauty salon 261 ... Girls laugh and flirt . even behind he mask , batman fume . obviously misl . 262 int . wayne manor - bruce's bedroom - day 262 Bruce sit watch the news . anchor ... work with two - face , gotham 's new criminal mastermind be call himself the riddler . twenty million in diamond be steal yesterday with no sign of batman . 263 screen - close . change . Edward stand on the claw Island . 263 a small abandon island in gotham Harbor . anchor in other news , entrepreneur Edward nygma have sign a lease for claw Island . nygma say he plan to break ground on a electronics plant .... 264 ext . armore truck base 264 armore truck sit open on the street . two -tone thug carry out bag of loot . two - face and the riddler stand before four guard , each sentry hold captive by a two - tone crony . two -face Close you fist . reach back . two - face swing , clock the guard on the chin . crack . out like a light . two -face get it ? riddler nod tentatively . manage a weak fist . throw a feeble punch . the Guard look barely startle . two -face riddler . you punch like a girl . put some heart into it . two - face haul off , hit the third Guard . out he go . riddler okay . okay . I get it . he lean way back , try again . barely a glance blow . two - face my God . he walk away , shaking he head , disgust . the riddler turn back to the guard . ready for another try . 265 int . wayne manor - hallway 265 266 newspaper - close . riddler & two -face terrorize gotham . 266 pull back to reveal Alfred , newspaper in hand , find Dick try to open the door which lead to the bat cave . alfred May I help you , master grayson ? dick how come this be the only lock door around this museum ? what 's back there ? alfred master Wayne 's dead wife . Dick grin . Alfred watch he go , a wry smile on he face . the coast now clear , he disappear into the secret doorway . 267 wider 267 Dick stand hide in a alcove , watch . 268 ext . claw island - day 268 tremendous construction in progress . 269 int . claw island 269 silhouettes of robot arm manufacture the box . Edward watch on , give two - face a quick hit from a glow electrode , then snatch back the receiver . harvey eye the electrode with a addict 's hungry eye . 270 ext . gotham loading dock 270 two - face and thug steal priceless painting while the Guards sit bound and gag in they booth . riddler stare up at a freshly spray-paint ( riddle # 4 ) on the boat 's hull . 271 int . wayne manor - laundry room 271 Dick stand watch tv while he wash and dry he clothes use martial art technique . 272 vondelle ( on screen ) 272 have batman lose he touch ? we have become a city of sissy cry batman , batman , batman at the first sign of trouble . 273 int . gotham opera - night 273 the barber of Seville be in full swing . as the bejewel audience watch , the translation be be spell out for they on a large electronic screen over the stage . 274 backstage 274 Green glove hand attach a box to the translator . 275 audience 275 the familiar green beam of the box transfix the audience and the performer . two - face and he thug take the balcony in protective green sunglass , strip folk of they cash and jewel . 276 the riddler stand on stage . 276 riddler I just love a captive audience . he pick up the aria a- capella , race through the stunne orchestra , collect valuable . as he go , he move the mouth of he victim , turn the robbery into a opera of he own . riddler ( sing ) oh , but all I want be to take all you jewel oh oh . ( move a woman 's mouth ) no , oh you villain do not take my jewel , oh no . ( sing back ) I will . ( a man 's mouth ) no you will not . ( sing ) I will . ( another man ) no you will not . 277 still singing , he leap back onto the stage where harvey 277 and he thug arrive , bag full of loot . riddler play tiny hide button in he cane , direct batman . two -face where be you send batboy this time ? riddler here . get a good seat . 278 out the window 278 the batmobile make a quick stop before the opera house . 279 riddler , two - face and thug disappear just as ... batman drop to the stage from the ceiling . he look around at the stunne audience . he spot a small box with a question mark on it sit center stage . lift the top . within , a pair of plastic hand applaud he . 280 the translator - close . vaporize , the beam snap off . 280 281 the audience 281 startle by batman 's sudden appearance on stage , start laughing . until someone notice she tiara be miss . a scream . the first of many . 282 ext . gotham time build - night 282 Electronic headline circle - bat flop at opera . riddler and two - face steal million . 283 ext . nygmatech headquarters - claw island - day 283 finally complete . in the b.g. a giant corporate sign read nygmatech be raise by crane . Edward nygma , dress like Bruce Wayne to the smallest detail , stand on a podium , give a press conference . score of applauding employee and media watch on . the gotham Society matron coo . edward ( over ) why sit back when you can be part of the show ? 284 quick cut of newspaper 284 edward ( over ) ... nygmatech bring the joy 3 - D entertainment into you own home . 285 cut of magazine all proclaim Edward as the new King 285 of electronics in gotham City . edward lady and gentleman . let I tell you my vision for the future . " the box " in every home in America . and one day , the world . 286 ext . gotham CITY - montage 286 a tenement , where a poor family scrape together they savings on a newspaper ad for " the box " .... 287 a electronics store , where Alfred , at the head of a long 287 line , hand over a check to receive " the box " ... 288 a resplendent household where husband , wife , and kid 288 each watch individual tv 's connect to they own box . 289 int . nygmatech - riddler' control room 289 riddler sit atop a tremendous electronic throne , face a wall bank of tv monitor all run newsreel footage of folk use " the box " . from overhead , a giant diode deliver massive pulse of glow neural energy . 290 riddler be head - close . his brain be grow . 290 291 ext . electronic store 291 crowd of people line up . some store say " sold out " other " yes , we have ` the BOX ' . " 292 int . batcave 292 Bruce stand over the batcomputer . bruce riddler and two - face be tweak the data before the computer pull it off the emergency band . Alfred stand in he lab area , try to disassemble " the box " . he get the lid off . 293 BOX - close . the circuitry inside automatically vaporize . 293 294 int . nygmatech - edward control room - night 294 leather and lace sit with the riddler and two - face as the two villain pass a electrode between they . two -face sure , E = mc square . until you factor in more than three dimension . then ... damn . hit we again . riddler have not you have enough ? do not think and drive . harvey wave he revolver in riddler 's face . riddler be my guest . two - face and leather and lace take another hit of the glow neural energy . smile . two - face we paleolithic yearning be best express in a pre-linguistic - ( off the befuddle girl ) sorry . just think out loud . harvey lean back , buzze , the electrode slip from he hand . leather grab for it . not fast enough . riddler snatch it away . riddler ( to leather ) not until you do that thing I like . ( take a hit ) on se tue pour des mesnonge . j'ai gache mar vie ... ( off the electrode ) woah . harsh toke . two -face do not bogart that ' try . he toss harv the electrode over lace 's ill-time grab . harvey take a hit . two -face ( epiphanous ) oh my god. Jim morrison be right . riddler about what ? two -face everything . riddler & two -face ( simultaneous ) ... yeah . 295 int . wayne manor - day 295 tv - close . vondelle stand before the familiar panel of expert . aim this box be nothing more than a electronic narcotic . royce thousands more gothamite each day be tuning out by tuning in to its holographic fantasy . aim it 's turn citizen into zomby ... vondelle gripe , gripe , gripe . be not this what they say about tv ? I think " the box " be the future . what 's you opinion ? I want to know ... 296 favor Alfred as he shut off the set , move into the 296 297 hallway and the lock door to the batcave . 297 alfred ( call out ) master Dick ? High above , Dick appear on the third floor landing . dick up here , Al . alfred just check , young sir . dick ( to himself ) four second from ... below , Alfred open the door . dick now ! Alfred disappear inside and the door begin to close . Dick leap the bannister , grab the chandelier , swing to a large tapestry , slide down and into the passageway as the door slam shut . 298 int . secret hall 298 unable to stop , Dick barrel through a dark doorway , tumble down the long stairway onto 299 the batcave floor 299 Alfred stand in he lab area . the two stare at each other in utter disbelief . 300 int . chase's apartment - night 300 big. open . a life still in box . the door open , produce Bruce and chase . bruce the style of the letter I be get match that find at the crime site . why would the riddler be send I riddle ? ( look around ) who 's you decorator ? u- haul ? chase sorry . I have not even have time to unpack . instant coffee okay ? chase disappear into the kitchen as Bruce take off he coat . she reappear with a small box . hand it to Bruce . bruce what 's this ? Bruce open the box . within , a dream doll . chase call it clinical intuition . I think you dream might need change . Bruce look at chase . he stare out the window a beat , decide . as he speak now he word be halting , self disclosure difficult for he . bruce my parent be murder . in front of I . I be just a kid . chase nod . she know . bruce a lot of what happen be jag . piece miss . I can not really remember . I just get flash . usually in my dream . I would kind of get use to they . at least accept they .... chase and now .... bruce they have change . the dream , I mean . there 's a new element I do not understand . a book . Black . cover in leather .... ( over ) the kettle begin to whistle . chase damn . I will be right back . Bruce be agitate , start to look around . at she desk he find a virtual shrine to batman . picture . newsphotos . articles . chase ( over ) find anything interesting ? bruce why do I feel like the other man , here ? chase come on , Bruce . this be what I do for a live . bruce I would say this go a little beyond take you work home . chase what do you want I to say ? that I be not attract to he ? 301 she hit a button and on screen newsfootage roll of 301 batman fight catwoman . 302 chase 302 ( mesmerize ) look at the abuse he 's take . he 's not just fight criminal . he 's punish himself . chase hit a button , freezing on batman 's face . chase it 's as if he 's pay some great penance . what crime could he have commit to deserve a life sentence of such agony ? Bruce hit a key , blank the screen . bruce maybe he just have a lousy childhood , be that it Doc ? chase grab he hand as it come away from the keyboard . chase why do you do that ? bruce what ? chase throw up that ridiculous superficial mask . if you be jealous ... bruce I be not - chase you want I close but you will not let I near . what 's the terrible , dark secret you be protect everyone from ? in the mirror they be half in shadow , half in light . chase in a sense we be all two people . the side we show in daylight . and that side we keep in shadow . bruce rage . anger. Passion . pain . he pull she to he . they face be close . a breath apart . suddenly he watch begin to beep . 303/04 Bruce turn over he wrist . depress a stud on 303/04 he watch . the face turn into a screen . alfred sorry to bother you , sir . I have some rather distress news about master Dick . bruce be he all right ? alfred I be afraid master Dick have ... go travel . bruce he run away ? alfred actually , he take the car . bruce he boost the jag ? ( relieved ) be that all ? alfred not the jaguar . the _other car . bruce the _rolls_ ? alfred _ no_ , sir . _ the_ _other _car_ ! a beat . then Bruce close he eye . 305 ext . arkham square - night 204 gotham night life . neon , traffic , sleaze . the batmobile cruise into the center of the strip . a group of flashy low rider pull in front of the batmobile . they hydraulic up and down competitively . the batmobile wiper sweep the windshield . the bat - foil open and close . finally the car hydraulics higher and faster , but a bit wildly , the driver barely in control . 306 the low rider , put to shame , peel out . ( over ) a scream 306 cut the night . a girl run for she life , chase by six gang member into a dark alley . the batmobile tear after she . 307 ext . alley - night 307 the thug have the girl surround , push she back and forth between they like a rag doll . the batmobile screech into the alley . the door slide open . from the smoking hatchway emerge ... Dick . needless to say , this get the thug ' attention . they let go of the girl . thug who the hell be you ? dick ( low , ominous ) I be batman . ( look down ) damn , do I forget to dress again ? the thug close . one rush Dick while another swing a chain at he head . mistake . dick chain . you do not seem like the type . Dick 's hand shoot out fast , grab the chain . he open palm the thug in the chin , whip the chain into the gut of the other villain . dick the cape crusader strike again . san cape , of course . two more rush he . dick another victory for the Dark knight . Dick go up with a fly front kick , knock one down , fell another on the return with a spin back fist . dick ( off the unconscious goons ) Dark nighty - night . Dick stare at the remain thug . smile . dick be you will up to date ? the last thug take a look at Dick , turn and race away . dick I could definitely get behind this super hero gig . Dick nod to the awestruck girl . dick ma'am . he start towards the car . girl wait . she move close . girl you forget the part where you kiss the girl . dick ( grin ) right . he lean in , happy to oblige when suddenly ... ( over ) scream and shout as the thug who get away come racing back into the alley , follow by maybe thirty new gang member , all wield bat and chain . dick uh-oh . he pull the girl behind he , ready for war . 308 a dark figure 308 fly out of the night . batman , on a wire , swing into the group , send they scatter in all direction . the bad guy race off . 309 the batmobile 309 revs up , race to batman . 310 batman lift Dick by he collar , drop he into the 310 passenger seat . hop into the other side . girl ( shouting ) do not you want my number ? she watch as the batmobile speed away into the night . 311 int . batcave - night - later 311 Bruce and Dick argue . dick I need to be part of this . bruce absolutely not . dick I and my brother Chris be put money aside so we folk could retire . dad 's knee be go . Chris be engage , you know that ? two - face take ... everything . now I can pay he back . bruce what I do be not about revenge . Dick glance at a frame headline . the Wayne murder . dick right , slick . whatever you say . Bruce grab he . hard . bruce this be not a game . Dick push he off . harder . dick back off , man . bruce you do not understand . it 's a addiction . you fight night after night , try to fill the emptiness . but the pain 's back in the morning . and somewhere along the way it stop be a choice . ( a beat ) I want better for you . dick save the sermon about how great you want my life to be , okay , Bruce ? if it be not for batman my parent would not be dead . you do not get it , do you ? this be all you fault . Dick storm out . Bruce stare after he with tired eye . 312 ext . ritz gotham HOTEL - night 312 at the marble entrance , the red carpet be roll out for a pull - out - the-stops party . over the door , a banner proclaim " nygmatech -- imagine the future . " at the curb folk dress in over - the- top runway fashion , pour from luxury car , hand off key to a battalion of scurrying valet . next car up -- Bruce Wayne 's roll , drive by Alfred . a valet help chase out . she look stun . Bruce lean over Alfred before step out of the car . bruce too much wealth . too fast . half of gotham zombie - out . a technology that self destruct . he 's protect more than industrial secret , Alfred . alfred I shall be near at hand . should you need I . and sir , I know it 's difficult but try and have a good time . 313 int . ritz gotham roof - night 313 over the top golden glitz . a kind of versaille meet punk meet couture . and in the middle , Edward , dress as Louis xiv . the room be pack with people sip exotic cocktail , munch hor d'oeuvre . conversation buzz be high . into this zoo walk Bruce and chase . as brightly - light station throughout the room , showy display announce " the new BOX " . pretty , barely - clad showgirl invite partygoer step into various green column of light . 314 Bruce scan the room as he and chase pause by the first 314 display , where a socialite step into a column of energy . she gasp with delight as she find herself suddenly dazzle in diamond from head to toe . 315 they pass the next column where a chubby professor , sword 315 in hand , fight off a knight on horseback . 316 they pass the next display where a bald guy step into a 316 beam . suddenly , he be in a classic stoner 's pad circa 1967 . and , best of all , he have long flow hair . chase look amused , Bruce suspicious . chase if I do not know better , I would say you be sulk . bruce keep I off the couch , Doc . you fee be a little rich for I . chase touchy , touchy . bruce ( not bite ) so how go you `scholarly ' pursuit of batman ? chase oh God , Bruce . you be still jealous . bruce ( flaring ) spare I the diagnosis , okay ? you be be ridiculous . I can not be jealous of batman . ( to himself ) can I ? 317 across the room 317 Edward stand flanke by gotham 's Society matron as PRESS , include vondelle million , SNAP photo and hurl question . newscaster you be outsell Wayne enterprise . any comment ? edward actually , I be outsell Wayne tech two to one ... journalist the Times have name you gotham 's bachelor of the year . what do you have to say about that ? edward you might want to ask Bruce wayne. ( call ) Bruce , old man ! 318 Edward cross the room to greet chase and Bruce . all 318 stand now , surround by press and partygoer . edward so glad you could come . bruce what ? oh , Edward . hi. congratulation . great party - edward the press be just wonder what it feel like to be outsold , outclass , and generally outdone in every way ... ( notice chase ) and what light through yonder window break ? ` tis the east . and you be ... chase ( charme ) chase ? edward of course you be . and what a grand pursuit you must be . ( to Bruce ) what do you think of my new invention ? bruce what ? oh , it 's very impressive . edward gracious even in defeat . how vaguely disappoint . when all this could have be ours together . Edward still a pass waiter and he tray of champagne . Crystal flute for all . he toast chase . edward no grape could be more intoxicating than you , my dear . but we make due . to you charm . ( clinking hers ) skol . bruce ( raise he ) nostrovia . edward ( pause ) la'chiem . bruce ( casual ) slanta . edward rinka . bruce banzai . chase I be drink . and she do . edward I notice you have sub-divide you B coupon . feeling a little light on principle ? bruce actually , I like to divest just before a major re-capitalization . edward I would not race to the bank . Old regime crumble every day . life be a cycle . remember yeat ; turn , turn the widen gyre . the falconer can not hear the falcon ... bruce ( finish the poem ) and the beast slouches towards bethelem . chase Excuse I , boy . I would hate to stop this testosterone flood on my account - edward quite right . shall we dance ? and with that , Edward draw chase onto to dance floor . 319 as chase and Edward dance in the b.g. Bruce walk over to 319 one of the display . examine a control station for the green beam . tries to pry open a circuit panel . showgirl ( over ) naughty , naughty . she slap he hand playfully . Bruce smile a apology . look around . no other choice . he step into a beam . 320 edward twirl chase , watch Bruce enter the beam . he 320 smile . 321 bruce - Pov . colorful planet soar all around he . suddenly 321 the beam flash . there , racing towards he , a giant bat . 322 back to scene 322 all beam wink out as gun FIRE burst across the room . two - face and he thug stand at every entrance . bruce back away , slip towards a service door . two - face alright , folk , this be a old - fashioned , low - tech stick -up . we be interested in the basic : jewelry , cash , watch , high - end cellular phone . Hand them over nice and easy and no one get hurt . two - face 's thug charge the room . the crowd scream . 323 ext . ritz gotham alley - night 323 Bruce hand - slide down fire -escape , hit the alley run . 324 ext . alley 324 Bruce duck into the roll . bruce emergency , Alfred . 325 int . roll 325 a secret panel in the back open . a batsuit . 326 int . party 326 the thug circulate quickly , yanking jewel from ear and neck , grab wallet and purse , fill sack . Ed push he way against the crowd , through two - face 's ring of personal guard and right up to two - face 's face . edward you be ruin my big party . be you insane ? actually , consider you dual persona , let 's just forget the question . two -face we be sick of wait for you to deliver the bat , riddle boy . you promise we batman . edward patience , oh bifurcate one . two -face screw patience . we want he dead . ( look around ) a nothing bring out the bat like a little mayhem and murder . edward oh well , in that case . as long as you be go to rob I , you could have at least let I in on the caper . we could have _organized_ this , _plan it_ , pre-sold the movie rights . ( over ) the crash of break glass . 327 batman 327 fly in through a window , kick a row of thug down before he let go he rope and land on the floor . edward harv , babe , I gotta be honest . you entrance be good . his be better . what 's the difference ? showmanship . two - face shove Edward away , look for a clean shot . he fire a couple of time , but only destroy a ice sculpture and some liquor bottle . more scream . 328 one huge thug charge batman . batman heave he overhead , 328 throw he , crashing , into a display of stack box . vondelle ( over ) batman , batman , batman help ! a thug have a gun to he throat . batman kick the weapon out of he hand . vondelle batman . you be my _ god' !!! 329 another thug have chase to a wall , hand around she pearl . 329 batman ( over ) Excuse I . he head - butt the thug . the guy go down . chase lean up and kiss he , hard and hot on the mouth . the chemistry here be undeniable . chase call I . batman spin , go for another group of thug . ( over ) police siren . two -face okay boy . phase two . and with that , he and he thug race for the elevator . the door close . 330 ( over ) cheer erupt for batman as he race onto the 330 balcony -- and jump ! 331 batman be - Pov - aerial 331 harvey and thug disappear past under construction sign , down the stair of a as yet complete subway station . 332 ext . ritz gotham - night 332 party guest - Pov . gripping the edge of he cape , batman glide 60 floor down the skyscraper towards the street . 333 batman plummet into the construction sight . 333 334 int . deserted subway station - night ( continuous ) 334 gothic . desert . under construction . batman hit the platform . batman - Pov . shadows race down the dark tunnel ahead . he pursue . 335 tunnel 335 harvey and thug , racing away . thug bat 's right behind we . two -face excellent . 336 int . abandoned station - ventilation shaft 336 a wide spiral staircase of scaffold hug the wall of a tremendous ventilation shaft . the thug race down the step , knock out bit of scaffold as they go , send entire chunks of already traverse staircase plummete past they . pan up batman arrive on a wide platform of scaffold at the top of the staircase . his cape whip up around he as if from some low infernal wind . 337 batman - Pov . down the fragment staircase , at the bottom 337 of the shaft , a tremendous fan spin , chew chunks of fall scaffold and plaster , spitting plume of dust . 338 two-face 338 stand at the bottom of the well . he grab a rack of scaffold and wrench the old aluminum support away . 339 the platform 339 where batman be stand give way , plank fall , send batman tumble towards the deadly blade below . 340 batman - Pov . the giant whirling blade , come up fast . 340 341 batman fall , stairway and laugh thug whipping past . 341 his hand shoot out and grab a thug by the jacket , wrenching the fabric over the goon 's head , jerk he hard into the railing like a human anchor . batman climb the struggle thug like a ladder , leap onto the staircase , crack the thug 's head on the rail , then race down the stair . 342 bottom of the shaft 342 the remain thug disappear through a dark doorway . batman run past the beat fan blade into ... 343 int . abandoned tunnel 343 Dark . steep and sloping . the thug be run dead ahead . without stop they begin grab piece of debris , flip they under they foot , begin riding down the descend tunnel like snow - border . batman race after they . 344 the snowboarders 344 really be good . they ride the rail . the low gas pipe . even bank the curving side of the tunnel . 345 a thug - close . look back to see batman close . mistake . 345 whip pan as he be clothesline by a low hang danger sign . he fly off the snowboard backwards . out cold . batman race past he . 346 the end of the tunnel slope so drastically the dark maw 346 at the end seem more a pit than a door . 347 the border circle and one by one , drop through like 347 bit of filth down a drain . 348 batman drop into the darkness landing on a small ledge . 348 Beyond a precipitous drop he turn to face ... 349 int . abandoned subway station 349 year ago this cavernous space glisten with immense gothic statuary , elaborate tile mosaic , tremendous decorative arch and spectacular cathedral ceiling . no more . now the giant space , from floor to ceiling be a freeze maelstrom of twist cast iron truss , break steam pipe , fragment scaffold and hang cable . 350 down this man-made slope and obstacle ride the 350 snowboard thug . cruise pipe . jumping curve face of statue . jack from scaffold to truss . 351 batman whip a pair of nun-chuck from he belt over a 351 hang metal rail , use the chain as a pulley , shoot down a curving rail into the mad dance of twist steel . 352 a thug 352 fire at he from he whizzing board as it careen along a adjacent piece of scaffold . 353 batman angle towards he , pick up speed . 353 354 the thug bank off some statuary . take a few more shot . 354 355 batman shoot around the curve , jump from one rail to 355 the next , catch the villain in the face with he boot , and send he fly . 356 another thug shoot past over head . 356 357 batman flip onto another pipe , be close fast , chase 357 the thug towards a loop that bank towards the blackness of a abandon tunnel . he be close on the thug. closer . closer . 358 suddenly the thug , hop to a truss , the rail batman be on 358 whipping he around a curve that bank into the mouth of the tunnel . ( over ) gunshot . 359 two-face 359 stand in the shadow , firing he machine pistol , blow a hole in the curving rail directly in front of batman . 360 the rail break . 360 batman fly off directly into the dark tunnel . 361 batman - Pov . a rush darkness . he smashes into a wall . 361 362 int . mouth of tunnel 362 two - face stand stare into the dark with he thug . he grab a aging valve wheel set into the crumble wall . two -face nothing worse than a bad case of gas . he begin to turn the creaking wheel . 363 int . inner tunnel 363 a long forget pipe by batman begin to hiss a thick purple gas . 364 int . mouth of tunnel 364 two - face swing a grenade launcher before he . take a step back . aim into the tunnel . two -face light . camera . action . as he thug scramble for cover , two - face fire . the grenade fly into the tunnel , slamming into the gas main . a explosion . suddenly a tremendous secondary explosion . debris fall everywhere as the gas ignites , the mouth of the tunnel suddenly brighten into a flame white fireball . 365 int . tunnel 365 the huge fireball rush towards batman . batman wrap himself in he cape . 366 hand - close . as he reach to he utility belt . press a 366 stud there . 367 his cape begin to run and flow like water morph into 367 a protective sphere just as ... 368 a tremendous fireball roar race down the tunnel 368 engulf batman in a world of flame . 369 int . mouth of tunnel 369 two - face stand stare into the inferno . billow smoke , residual flame and fall debris everywhere . no batman . a moment of dead quiet . two -face finally . then two - face 's smirk vanish . thug it can not be . 370 reverse angle 370 a shape rise , phoenix - like , out of the flame . the figure move forward . 371 batman - close . as he cape part over he face . 371 wider he lift he arm , the cape split down the center , reverting to it 's original form , arm go wide to familiar wing . the bat head towards two - face and he man . 372 two - face - close . consume with rage . 372 he grab a section of the wall 's support scaffold and begin to wrench it free with craze fury . two -face why will not you just die ?! in a final rage of maniacal fury , harvey wrench the scaffold free . it 's ancient support go ... 373 the ceiling 373 begin to crack and fall , debris pour in at a ever more furious pace . batman be suddenly douse in a rain of rock and sand . 374 the tunnel 374 between harvey and batman be obstruct by ton of fall metal and plaster and sand . two - face stand as the ceiling fall all around he . 375 batman be drive down by a storm of wreckage . 375 376 two -face can barely contain he joy . plaster and rubble 376 fall ever more furiously . 377 batman stumble as the ground beneath he suddenly give , 377 suck he into a quickly fill pit of sand and tile . he reach for he utility belt but its too late . 378 batman be nearly bury , sand come up over he mouth , 378 he eye , until finally he be go . 379 two -face stand watch , eye full of childish delight . 379 the floor in front of he begin to give way , run with deep crack . two -face boy , let 's go have we a party . ( turn ) anybody else feel like donut ? harvey and he man head away , up out of the tunnel . 380 the sand pit - close . still . no motion . 380 a glove hand break the surface , clutching a batara . a weak flip of the wrist . the batara hist the sand . the hand go limp . a beat . another. suddenly ... a GREEN glove hand - close . grab batman 's hand . wider Dick hang on a wire above batman in a aerialist 's maneuver . he secure he grip and pull . dick - close . strain . suddenly , batman 's face break the sand . Dick use the leverage of he body on the rope to pull harder . batman begin to rise . free . the two face each other . hand still clasped . 381 int . batcave - later 381 Bruce sit in he robe be bandage by Alfred . Dick be pace . bruce what the hell do you think you be do ? dick you have a real gratitude problem . you know that , Bruce ? I need a name . batboy ? the Dark Earl ? what 's a good side kick name ? bruce how about Richard grayson , college student ? dick ... I miss two - face by a heartbeat . when we catch he , you gotta let I kill he ! bruce we do not kill . killing be what damn you . it -. what be I talk about ? this conversation be over . you be go away to school . dick I save you life . you owe I . so either you let I be you partner or I be go after harvey on my own . and with that Dick turn and storm out of the batcave . bruce it 's start all over again , Alfred . another boy lose to rage . and it 's my fault . if harvey have not come gun for I at the circus ... his family ... Bruce glance at gotham Times , of headline - " bat more harm than good ? " bruce maybe they be right . alfred which `they ' might that be , sir ? bruce Jack Napier 's dead . my parent be avenge . the Wayne Foundation contribute a small fortune to police and crime prevention program . Bruce touch a cowl rest on the control panel . bruce why do I keep do this ? alfred why , indeed ? bruce could I let batman go ? for Dick . for I . could I leave the shadow ? have a life . Friends . family ... alfred Dr. meridian ... Bruce touch he lip , the spot chase kiss batman . bruce ( pain ) she 's the first woman in a long time that 's ... no . she 's the first woman ever . and she love batman . not Bruce Wayne . if I let go of batman I will lose she . alfred perhaps . perhaps not . why not ask the lady ? bruce how ? as batman , know she want I ? or as Bruce Wayne and hope ...? Bruce reach to the phone . Hit a autodial key . ( over ) tone as the phone begin to dial . phone ( chase ) hello ?.. hello ?.. who be this ? he disconnect the phone . bruce who be I Alfred ? I do not think I know anymore . 382 int . chase's bedroom - night 382 Dark . moonlight through curtain . night sound . chase lay asleep in bed . a shadow cross she face . she stir . reverse angle at the french door to she bedroom stand a familiar silhouette . batman . chase rise , move across the room , the pale light catch she white nightgown . she pull the door wide . chase face he , body close . she reach up , touch he mask . kiss he . his cape whip around she . the kiss - close . passionate . sustain . chase pull away . chase I be sorry . ( sorry ) I can not believe it . I have imagine this moment since I first see you . ( touch he glove ) you hand . ( touch he mask ) you face . ( touch he chest ) you body . she turn , walk across the room . chase and now I have you and .... ( shaking she head ) guess a girl have to grow up sometime . she come back to he , touch he cheek . chase I have meet someone . he 's not ... you . but ... I hope you can understand . he see now that over she desk , she batman 's memorabilia have be replace by photo and file on Bruce Wayne . batman - close . smile . then he 's over the balcony and go , a shadow on the wing in the dead of night . 383 int . claw island control CENTER - day 383 on he throne , in he sphere , electronically get more brilliant every second , Edward fill all he screen with chase 's image from the party . he brain - close . rivulets of neural energy ripple and dance as he brain grow under he magenta hair . suddenly two - face get he by the throat . two -face you know , Ed , we wake up this morning , we just know we be gonna kill something . the bat get away . look like it 's gonna be you . two - face draw he gun with he free hand . train it on riddler 's head . by the look in he eye , he 's serious . two -face why do we need you ? you only come between we . we can be the smartest person in gotham City . we want the empire for ourselves . time 's up , laugh boy . riddler kill I ? well , alright . go ahead . take the empire . all yours. ( grab he own head ) Hell , harv , old pal . I will kill I for you . riddler grab he hair , start slamming he own head into the desk - top . riddler too...bad ...about ... batman . harvey grab he head . stop he . two -face what about batman ? riddler smooth he hair . riddler what if you could know a man 's mind ? would you not then own that man ? riddler hit a switch . suddenly he screen fill with the image of Bruce step into the simulation at the party . riddler a few dozen extra iq point and my little invention learn a new trick . it do more than drain you brain . it make a map of you mind . the screen change , now show a turn schematic of a brain , alive with neural lightning . riddler would you like to see what my old friend Bruce have in he head . 384 riddler hit a switch . another image pull free from the 384 schematic brain . a trap bat . fierce . monstrous . the very picture of imagine evil , make live . Bruce 's nightmare . riddler riddle I this , what kind of man have bat on the brain ? two - face stare at he . riddler go ahead . you can say it . two -face you be a genius . the tow begin to laugh . 385 close on bat 385 it 's a fake one on top of a pole . 386 camera pull back to reveal 386 Group of young kide in Halloween costume run through gotham cemetery - dusk two gravestone alone on a hill under a tree . the kid pass Bruce who be visit he family 's grave . kide happy Halloween . bruce happy Halloween . Bruce lay two rose on Thomas and martha Wayne 's grave . batman ... tonight it end . 387 dick ( over ) 387 what the hell do you mean , it end ? wider int . batcave Bruce and Dick be in mid-conversation . bruce from this day on , batman be no more . Bruce hit a switch . the machine in the cave go dark . dick you can not -. bruce Dick , let go . revenge will eat you alive . trust I . I know . dick but what about all the good we can do ? there be monster out there . gotham need we . bruce and when you finally get two - face ? Dick look away . bruce exactly . and once you would kill he you would be lose . like I . ( off the cave ) all this have to be a choice . otherwise ... it 's a curse . dick Bruce , you can not . bruce chase be come for dinner . why do not you join we . and with that , Bruce turn , head up into the house . Dick stand all alone in the still , dark cave . ( over ) a doorbell ring . 388 ext . wayne manor 388 Alfred open the door to the trick or treaters we see earlier . hand out bag of candy . 389 ext . wayne manor - access road 389 a mysterious van sit park on the gravel byway . 390 int . van 390 two - face , riddler , and man sit watch the manor . 391 riddler - Pov . a taxi pull up . chase emerge as the trick 391 or treaters leave . 392 riddler 392 and today not even my birthday . two - face could not care less about chase . he toss he 393 coin . hold on the spin face as ( over ) we hear ... 393 two -face Bruce , batman . Bruce , batman . 394 int . costume vault , batcave - night 394 open with a hiss . Dick pass the batman costume until he come to a stand figure different from the rest . his Robin costume . he pack to leave forever . 395 ext . wayne estate 395 Dick ride he motorcycle through the protective hologram of the tree , head away into the dark night . 396 int . wayne manor - dine alcove - night 396 intensely romantic . fill with live rose , Alfred leave have serve a intimate candlelight dinner to Bruce and chase . bruce there 's something I want to talk with you about . it 's ... well , we .. I ... chase okay , tiger , take it slow . you go to give I you pin or something ? Bruce laugh . he 's obviously have trouble . chase let I go first , okay ? I think I have find something . about you dream . I pull the file on you parent ' murder . there be a miss diary , Bruce . Alfred tell the police you father always keep it on he desk . but the day after the murder , it be go . maybe that 's the book you be - but Bruce be not listen . he 's press he eye . hard . 397 bruce - Pov . a series of image . the coffin . the book . the 397 run through the stormy night . the fall . the bat . 398 chase 398 what be it ? what 's wrong ? bruce flashes . image . of that night . chase you memory be repress . they be try to break through . relax . try to remember - . bruce I do not want to remember ! chase stop fight . a long beat . then Bruce Wayne surrender , lean back . close he eye . remember . bruce my parent be laid out in the library . they skin smell like talcum powder . I be so small . my father 's diary be on he desk like always . I be open the book . reading . I be run out into the storm . the book be in my hand . I can not hear my scream over the rain . I be fall ... chase what do it say ? what hurt so much , Bruce ? what do the book say ? bruce I do not -. chase you do know . try. Bruce open he eye . clear . he remember . bruce the last entry read , Bruce insist on see a movie tonight . ( a beat ) Bruce insist . I make they go out . I make they take I to the movie . to that theater ... ( finally ) it be my fault . I kill they . chase oh God , Bruce , you be a child . you be not responsible . bruce ( to himself ) ... not the bat ? chase what ? bruce I always think it be the bat that scared I that night that change my life . but it be not . the real fear be hide underneath : what I read in the journal , that my parent ' death be my fault . that 's what I could not remember . that 's the crime I have be pay for all this year . chase what be you talk about ? bruce chase . there 's something I need to tell you -- ( over ) the doorbell ring . 399 front door 399 Alfred peer out to a sea of Halloween mask . little voice trick or treat ? Alfred grab he candy bag as he open the door to ... 400 the riddler , two - face and the thug . 400 riddler trick . he crack Alfred on the head with he cane . down he go . two -face ( to he thug ) get the girl . 401 int . dine alcove 401 ( over ) a commotion . bruce what the hell ? thug appear at both doorway . Bruce move fast as he grab a silver serve tray , flip it into one of the scream thug ' face , swing the platter into the other 's head . two down . Bruce grab chase 's hand and they be out the door , racing fast , several more henchmen in close pursuit . 402 meanwhile 402 the riddler use the scanner in the head of he cane to locate and open the secret door to the batcave . 403 int . hallway 403 Bruce and chase race towards the stairway . Bruce pull stand display suit of armor to the floor as he go , block the thug ' way . 404 int . bat cave 404 riddler have find heaven . from he pouch he produce tiny green bomb shape like bat . he wind one up , its head screeching with each twist of the neck , let it fly . riddler what 's that I hear ? 405 like a tiny bat , the first bomb fly into the video 405 wall . a tremendous explosion . 406 riddler 406 why it must be the fat lady get ready to sing . 407 the next bat -bomb flap into the costume vault . blows 407 408 it completely . the crime lab explode next . 408 409 the riddler wind a bunch of bat-bomb now , let they 409 fly . the tiny green bat sail high form a giant question mark in mid-air before plummete suddenly in formation down into the cockpit of the batmobile . 410 riddler 410 ( Jack 's favorite line ) gonna have a hot time in the old town tonight . ( a beat ) who use to say that ? somebody always use to say that . 411 the car explode . 411 412 int . wayne manor - grand staircase 412 Bruce and chase flee up the giant staircase , the thug a step behind . one two - tone bad - guy leap forward , get a fistful of chase 's dress . she go down . look like she 's do for . at the last moment , chase give a mighty kick and the thug topple backwards , down the stair . Bruce be hold off a couple more , close near the top step . he spin , a powerful roundhouse clocking one in the head , send he backwards down the stair . bruce go! chase move behind he , up to the landing , turn to see Bruce fall another with a spin back kick , a third with a fly back - fist . Bruce and chase race to the top of the stair . 413 two -face stand on the floor below . just the moment he 's be wait for . two -face see ya . he shoot . the bullet graze Bruce 's head . he fall down the grand staircase . chase scream as thug grab she . bruce hit the floor . hard . no movement . none at all . two -face Bruce , you sure know how to throw a party . two - face stand over the prostrate form . draw he gun . slam in a new clip of ammo . riddler ( over ) sheath you weapon my impetuous cohort . 414 riddler have appear from the batcave . 414 two -face we want to dust he . we truly want to dust he bad . riddler oh yes , and certainly _ we_ will ! riddler walk over to the unconscious Wayne . kneel . look at he , tender , like a lover . caress he face . riddler my poor sweet hero . he stand , kick he hard in the rib cage . Bones crack . riddler we will kill he alright . but first ... ( call ) boy . with that , the thug drag out a freshly bound chase . chase Bruce ! riddler drop a envelope ( riddle # 4 ) on Bruce . riddler ... we be go to make he suffer . 415 int . batcave 415 sputter . Burning . 416 the costume vault 416 batsuit - close . surrounded by lick flame , the bat emblem begin to melt . dissolve to 417 bruce's eye - close 417 418 zoom in 418 as we fall again into a dark hole , the monarch bat fly straight at the camera , he red eye fill the screen . dissolve to 419 bruce's eye - close 419 wider 420 int . bruce's bedroom - morning 420 Bruce be in bed , head bandage . Alfred be walk a doctor to the door . doctor the injury be relatively minor . the shot do cause a concussion . watch for headache . memory lapse . odd behavior . I will check back in a few day . Alfred usher he out , return to Bruce 's bedside . alfred how be you feel , young man ? bruce not that young . it 's be a long time since you have call I that . alfred Old habit die hard . be you alright ? bruce as well as can be expect , I guess . give I the bad news . alfred Dick have run away . they have take Dr. meridian . and I be afraid they find the cave , sir . it 's be destroy . Bruce look up at Alfred , eye narrow , puzzle . bruce the case ? what cave ? 421 ext . police headquarters rooftop 421 the batsignal light the sky . Gordon pace . gordon where be he ? a concerned deputy emerge onto the roof . deputy the Mayor 's call again . ( off the signal ) he 's not go to show . maybe he 's hurt sir . maybe he 's --. gordon no ! ( not so sure ) ... no. 422 int . batcave 422 or what 's leave of it . melted ruin and rubble . Bruce stand with a worried Alfred , surveying the landscape . bruce ( disbely ) I be batman ? I remember my life as Bruce Wayne . ( look around ) but all this . it 's like the life of a stranger . alfred perhaps the fall ... bruce there 's one other thing . I feel .. alfred what ? bruce ... afraid . alfred Bruce . son. listen to I . you be a kind man . a strong man . but in truth you be not the most sane man . bruce ... a bat . alfred what ? bruce I remember a bat . a monster . a demon . Chasing me.t ( child 's terror ) oh my God , Alfred . alfred no demon , son . ( touch he head ) you monster be here . until you fact that , I fear you will spend you life flee they . 423 int . riddler' control room 423 riddler sit on he throne , absorb pulse of neural energy , he head grow . riddler it 's happy time gotham . have you hugge you little box today ? ( sing ) I be in heaven . I be in heaven with a girl like you . 424 wider 424 chase have be chain to the floor of he throne . chase batman will come for I . riddler ( sing ) someday my bat will come . some day my bat will come . ( suddenly lethal ) I be count on it . he put he face close to chase 's . chase you be fry you brain . riddler nap time gorgeous . the riddler draw a hypo fill with green liquid . he plunge it into she neck as she pass out . 425 int . batcave 425 Bruce stand before a dark , rocky mouth . through this passage , the cave as it once be , sweat granite , a shifting world of shadow . Bruce step inside . 426 int . inner batcave 426 favor bruce as he walk deeper into the darkness . the wall around he undulate , as if cover in water . 427 wall - closer . the movement be not water at all . it 's the 427 restless shrugging of bat . thousands of bat . 428 Bruce press on . sweat bead on he face . 428 ahead , a diffusion of moonlight illuminate a curving rock chamber , bat here too bring the wall to life . Bruce move into the moonlight . look up . 429 bruce - Pov . a narrow chute . the fall he take as a child . 429 he kneel , there on the floor , wear by year of weather , a single book . a diary . Bruce kneel , touch the leather cover , finger linger for a moment on he father 's embossment , before he turn yellow page to the last entry . painfully , by moonlight , he read . bruce ( over ) ( dread confirmation ) Bruce insist on see a movie tonight ... he pause , gather himself . he continue . bruce ( over ) but martha and I have we heart set on Zorro , so Bruce 's cartoon will have to wait until next week . Bruce stare at the book in disbelief . then he look up at the moonlight , tear stream down he face . bruce ... not my fault . it be not my fault . 430 suddenly , in the darkness ahead , a dark shape move , head 430 rise , slit open to reveal two blood red eye . the giant monarch bat spread its wing , huge , as it rise , suddenly airborne , rush toward he . 431 bruce - close . and terrify . he turn to run . the bat 's 431 flap wing beat like drum , close fast . Bruce hold he ground . resolved . he turn and face the monster , screeching towards he , glisten fang barely inch from he face . something remarkable happen . the bat hold its position , stare into Bruce 's eye , wing spread wide . a beat . then Bruce raise he arm , a live mirror . the two stand face each other , man and bat . in the moon - light on the wall , they shadow begin to blend , to merge , become one _shimmering white light ! _ 432 int . batcave 432 the mouth of the inner cave . a sudden scream din as a storm of bat explode into the cave , a shoot column of life and there , from within , step a man . 433 reverse angle 433 alfred stand at the entrance . alfred master , Bruce ? bruce ... batman , Alfred . I be batman . 434 ext . night sky 434 the batsignal shine . suddenly the air above the familiar circle begin to shimmer and glow , become ... a giant green question mark . the batsignal itself be now just the small period at the symbol 's bottom . 435 int . batcave - night 435 Bruce stand at the ruin control platform . riddle be spread before he . include the most recent . bruce all the answer be number . alfred but 1 , 3 , 1 , 8 , & 5 . what do they mean ? bruce what do maniac always want ? alfred recognition , of course . bruce precisely . so this number be probably some kind of call card . Bruce stare at the number . add they : 18 . square they : 1916425 . no luck . start again , separate they : 13/18/5. bruce letter in the alphabet . alfred of course . 13 be m....mre . bruce how about , mr . E. alfred mystery . bruce and another name for mystery ? alfred enigma . bruce exactly . Mr. E. mister Edward nygma . 436 int . stone staircase 436 Bruce lead Alfred through a secret stairway . bruce good thing Mr. E. do not know about the cave under the cave . 437 int . subterranean cave 437 Dark , jag , surround by water . here , the batw and batboat be store . alfred what now sir ? bruce claw Island . nygma 's headquarters . I be sure that 's where they be keep chase. ( realize ) be all the batsuit destroy ? alfred all except the prototype with the sonar modification you so disapprove of . but it have not yet be test . bruce tonight 's a good night . 438 close on - batman 's fist be shove into a new gauntlet . 438 439 close on - batman 's new boot snap shut . 439 440 close on - the improve Utility belt buckle on firmly . 440 441 close on - the new cowl slide down over batman 's head . 441 442 pull back to reveal 442 the batman - a darker enemy to fear . batman what do you suggest , Alfred . by see or by air ? dick ( over ) why not both ? a figure step out of the shadow . Dick . the cape be now black , yellow on the inside only . a red armored vest compliment green tight with knee armor , a utility belt and flexible black boot . batman Dick ... where do you get that suit ? alfred i...um.. take the liberty , sir . dick I think you could use a friend . Bruce stare at he a beat . batman not a friend . he extend he hand . batman a partner . the Dynamic Duo clasp hand . 443 ext . wayne manor - tennis court - night 443 fast cloud . bow tree . suddenly , the entire tennis court slide away . the batw rise into the night sky . 444 ext . STORM drain 444 the batboat hit the water . 445 ext . rooftop of police headquarters - night 445 commissioner Gordon and he deputy , stand vigil under the false moon of the batsignal . gordon ( finally ) he 's not come . shut it down . the deputy reach for the power switch . suddenly , a roar cut the night . 446 angle up to 446 the batsignal . the roar grow louder . Light and shadow dance , for a second it seem the batsignal itself be fly toward we . suddenly -- the batw burst _through_ the signal . 447 the dark plane buzy Police headquarters , dip a wing 447 to Gordon . 448 a triumphant Gordon wave batman onward . 448 449 int . cockpit 449 work the control , batman be back . 450 ext . gotham harbor - night 450 still , night water . suddenly , the batboat , run silent and dark , cut across the harbor . 451 Dick be at the helm , wear night-vision goggle . 451 452 dick Pov -- infra -red . claw Island loom ahead . 452 453 searchlight 453 atop the island headquarters pop on , one by one , flooding the water with light . 454 int . riddler' control CENTER - night 454 the riddler and two - face stand clutching control on opposite side of a holographically generate game of battleship . each be fire tiny blip at the small dot crossing the float screen . riddler a - 14 . two -face miss . 455 ext . gotham harbor - night 455 a mortar explode aft of the batboat , shoot a water spout high in the sky . 456 int . riddler' control CENTER - night 456 two -face b- 12 . riddler a miss . and my favorite vitamin , I might add . 457 ext . gotham harbor 457 another explosion to stern . Dick be throw as a third shell hit the batboat . the craft explode . 458 int . nygmatech - recreation room 458 two -face a hit . riddler you sink my battleship . 459 ext . gotham harbor - night 459 Dick slip a re-breather into he mouth . dive underwater , start to swim towards claw Island . 460 underwater 460 a spear shoot past leave a trail of bubbles . another . 461 a hidden bunker 461 issue a stream of armed frogmen . 462 ext . gotham harbor - night 462 the batwing soar over the water . 463 int . batwing cockpit 463 infra -red screen - close a Dick blip , besiege underwater by frogmen blip . 464 ext . claw island - night 464 a laser shoot from the top of the stronghold , neatly 465 sever one of the batw 's wing . 465 466 ext . batwing - gotham harbor - night 466 the batw dive straight into the river . 467 int . cockpit 467 batman - Pov - through the windscreen . the water come up fast , a rush explosion . 468 ext . gotham harbor - underwater 468 Dark panel shift , sealing wheel hub , grow sleek fin as the batw morph now into the batsub . 469 underwater 469 two frogmen hold Dick by arm and leg as several more swim towards he with expose knife . 470 the batsub 470 blast over a underwater reef . 471 a torpedo tube - close . fire a dark rocket towards the 471 frogmen at blind speed . 472 a frogman - close . spin . 472 473 frogman be Pov - through mask . the torpedo racing towards 473 he unfurl to reveal ... batman . 474 batman' fist smashes the glass of the frogman 's mask . 474 475 the thug rise in a mass of bubbles . 475 476 dick use the distraction and kick free . batman and Dick 476 take on the frogmen , hand to hand . 477 ext . claw island shore - night 477 batman and Dick break the surface . Dick discard he be - breather . climb onto the shore . dick Holy rusted metal , batman . batman what ? Dick take a few step forward , kneel . dick ( off the rusted floor ) the ground . it 's metal and its full of hole . you know . holey . batman this place be a refueling station for sub during the war ... just as batman start to climb out of the water ( over ) a horrendous crunching as Dick begin to rise . 478 wider 478 the island surface be actually the top of a tremendous metal sphere balanced atop a enormous cylindrical oil tank , rise , now , fast out of the water . batman Dick . 479 batman throw a batara but it glance off the side of 479 the sphere . 480 wider 480 batman stand stare up at Dick , who stand alone atop the metal sphere now near five storey high . no way up . batman spot a rusting access panel in the giant support cylinder . he rip it off and climb inside . 481 ext . dome 481 Dick stand look down at the ocean . two -face ( over ) the bat or the Bird . we could not decide who get to kill who . ( a beat ) or be it whom ? Dick spin . two - face have emerge from a hatch atop the dome . he stand smile at Dick , a knife in he hand . two -face we flip for it . we get you . two - face 's leap be savage , catch Dick by the throat . 482 wider 482 the two slide down the sloping edge of the dome , they descent stop by a narrow , rusting metal lip . two - face smashes Dick 's head into the side of the dome . once. twice . Three time . two -face what 's wrong , circus-boy ? no mommy and daddy to save you ? two - face raise he blade over the daze Dick . bring it down fast . Dick roll clear , the blade wedge into the rusted metal surface . all the time Dick need . he back - flip erect , kick two - face hard in the head . dick for my mother . a fly front kick to the chin . dick for my father . a spin back kick knock he to he knee . dick for Chris . Dick haul off and smashes he in the face . dick for I . the punch send two - face roll down the side of the dome , finger rake sloping steel , find no purchase . 483 at the last second , two - face grab a small metal dimple 483 on the belly of the dome 's curve , hang on for dear life , foot kick wildly over the abyss . two -face the scale be tip . the blindfold tear from the lady 's eye . justice will be serve . the rusting metal bulge start to tear and break . two -face you be a man after my own heart , son . the metal break free . two - face ( grin ) see you in hell . two - face 's hand tear through the rust . he fall . 484 dick hand grab he . wider Dick hoist he to safety . dick no. I would rather see you in jail . two -face the bat 's teach you well . Noble . two - face spin , a gun suddenly in he hand , press now into the flesh between Dick 's eye . two -face a mistake . but definitely noble . two - face cock the trigger . 485 int . cylinder 485 immense . empty . just the crashing surf and rock below . batman look up . the ceiling be ... 486 a giant steel grate flush with the side of the cylinder . 486 batman load a batara into he launcher . fire . 487 the batarang fly high , secure purchase on the grate . 487 488 batman attaches the cable to the winch on he belt . 488 begins rise fast . 489 the grate bolt 489 explode , cause the giant grate to fall towards batman . 490 batman twirl on the rope so he be rise upside down , 490 he foot racing towards the plummete grate . he hit a switch on he utility belt - 491 thruster 491 on he new batsuit rocket he foot first towards the descend grate . 492 impact ! the grate flip like a pie pan . batman let go of 492 the wire , cut he thruster and tumble in mid-air so he hand now extend before he . he grab one of the steel girder in the darkness overhead . 493 batman hang , watch the now dislodge grate fall to 493 the watery depth below . a beat . he hoist himself onto a steel platform to face ... 494 int . riddler' control room 494 the riddler sit across the room in he throne , a huge antenna shoot up into the night sky behind he through a round hole in the dome . a large ring of Green neon encircle he , feed he more and more brain power . riddler welcome to my parlor say the riddler to the bat . how 's trick ? batman no more trick , Edward . release chase and Dick . this be between you and I . two - face step from behind the riddler . two -face and I and I . batman ( off the antenna ) ... of course . the box do more than enhance neural energy . you have be suck gotham 's brainwave . riddler and now it 's new . improve . better than ever . 495 screen - close - Endless schematics of flicker brain . 495 496 batman 496 ... the jolt I feel in the beam at you party . ( get it ) you have devise a way to map the human brain . to read men' mind . riddler oh , Bruce , you be clever . how fitting that number lead you to I . for number will crown I king . my box will sit on countless tv 's around the globe , mapp brain , give I credit card number . Bank code . safe combination . number of infidelity . of crime . of lie tell . no secret be safe from my watchful electronic eye . I will rule the planet . for if knowledge be power then tremble world , Edward nygma have become a god. ( to harvey ) be that over the top ? I can never tell ... ( to batman ) by the way , B -man , I get _your number . 497 screen - close form a tower picture of batman . 497 498 other screen - close form a tower picture of Bruce . 498 499 the image collide , form a half Bruce , half batman . 499 riddler I have see you mind . your be the great riddle of all . can Bruce Wayne and batman ever truly coexist ? stop I if I be wrong here . batman remain stoic , but the riddler be right on . riddler so let 's help you decide , once and for all , who you really be . behind curtain # 1 ... a curtain rise : chase in a cylinder , bound unconscious . riddler the captivate Dr. chase meridian . Love of Bruce Wayne 's life . behind curtain # 2 ... another curtain reveal : Dick in similar peril . riddler batman 's one and only partner . ( a beat ) below , my personal favorite ... 500 trap door 500 beneath chase and Dick open wide . angle down to the jag rock and crash surf below . riddler a watery grave ! 501 a button - close . shape like a glow green skull . 501 502 riddler 502 a simple touch and five second later this two day player be so much gull feed on the rock below . not enough time to save they both . so who will it be ? Bruce 's love ? batman 's partner ? you decide . be this fun or what ? batman Edward , you have become a monster . riddler you flatter I . no monster . just the riddler , and here 's yours . what be without taste or sound , all around , but can not be find ? on you mark , get set ... the riddler reach for the button . batman step forward . 503 angle from the water below . 503 the floor between where batman stand and the riddler 's throne platform be translucent . a hologram mask a tremendous gap . batman be about to step into a abyss . 504 batman stop short . look up at riddler . 504 batman death. ( louder ) death . without taste , sound and all around we . ( get it ) because there be no way for I to save they or myself . this be one giant death trap . riddler excellent . see . who say a guy in a rubber suit can not be smart ? well , it 's be grand . sorry you all have to die now . riddler touch the skull button . ( over ) a screech . batman look up . 505 high above the riddler 's antenna a giant monarch bat 505 glide across the night . 506 the bat - close . 506 507 batman - close . no fear . a moment of communion . 507 batman wait . I have a riddle for you . riddler for _me ? really ? tell I . batman I see without see . to I , darkness be as clear as daylight . what be I ? riddler oh please . you be blind as a bat . batman exactly ! batman slam he Utility belt , release a high energy batara which he hurl at the riddler 's huge antenna . 508 the batarang 508 smashes into the riddler 's antenna . a tremendous explosion of spark as the transceiver short circuit . riddler no ! the room go pitch black . 509 riddler' finger - close . Hit the skull button . 509 510 dick and chase 510 drop , plummet through space . 511 batman - close . two metal lid shut over batman 's eye . 511 512 batman be Pov - inside the mask 512 small sonar screen on the back of batman 's eyepiece reveal the phantom floor and the wild criss -cross of interconnected steel beam and the crash ocean below . 513 batman 513 throw another batara , which lassos a beam overhead , swing forward , grab a fall chase as he pass , deposit she on a steel platform . 514 batman - Pov ( sonar screen ) . Dick drop to certain death . 514 515 batman 515 dive towards the sea below as he whip another batara 516 around a pass girder . he catch Dick just above the 516 rock precisely as the batrope pull teach , use the bat-winch to shoot they back up to the platform . 517 batman - Pov ( sonar screen ) 517 as he rest Dick on the platform beside chase . suddenly he world flare a blind white . 518 two-face 518 stand on the platform before he , a halogen light strapped around he head , blind batman 's sensor . two - face brandish he gun . two -face all that heroic for nothing . no more riddle , no more curtain one and two . just plain old curtain . he cock the trigger . batman have not you forget something , harvey ? you be always of two mind about everything .... the handsome side of harvey 's face turn toward they . two -face oh. emotion be so often the enemy of justice . thank you , Bruce . he take out he famous coin and flip it . batman start to reach for he Utility belt , to out - smart two - face . but as the coin fly high up in the air , it come down just a hair too far away . two - face no ! 519 as two - face reach out to catch it , he lose he balance 519 and fall to the rock and angry sea below . batman help chase . I will be back . chase ( groggy ) do two - face call he Bruce ? dick of course not . 520 batman start scale girder , pull himself back into ... 520 521 int . riddler' control room 521 the light be still down but the antenna 's function again , the riddler in he throne , absorb pulse of neural energy . too much . he entire head seem to distort , fluctuate in size and waver . riddler why can not I kill you ? now there 's a riddle ? ( more juice ) not smart enough . find a way . ( more juice ) too many question . ( more juice ) why you and not I ? ( more juice ) why I ? ( more juice ) why ??!! batman slam the power switch , the throne go dark . edward - close . knee draw to he chest . pathetic . whimpering . mad . batman look down , he eye sad , compassionate . batman poor , Edward . I have to save they both . you see , I be Bruce Wayne and batman . not because I have to be . now because I choose to be . batman reach out to Edward . Ed jerk in fear , look up . 522 edward be Pov - come towards he , not batman , but a 522 hideous demonic giant bat . 523 edward - close . scream 523 524 ext . arkham asylum - night 524 another stormy night . 525 int . maximum security wing 525 Dr. burton walk the corridor with chase . dr . burton Edward nygma have be scream for hour that he know the true identity of batman . they reach Edward 's cell . 526 there Pov -- int . padd cell 526 lit only by the moon . chase speak through the small bar set into the heavy door . chase Edward ... edward who be it ? chase it 's Dr. meridian . chase . do you remember I ? edward ( o.s. ) how could I forget ? chase Dr. burton tell I you know who batman be . edward ( o.s. ) ( giggle , giggle ) yesssssss . I know ! chase and burton look at each other , on edge . chase who be the batman , Edward ? edward ( o.s. ) can not tell if you do not say please . chase you be right , Edward . I do not mean to be impolite . please . no response . just giggle . chase Edward , please . who be batman ? a beat . suddenly a huge silhouette of a bat appear on the padded wall . into it leap Edward , the sleeve of he straightjacket madly flap like the wing of a bat . edward I am batmaaaaaaann !!! 527 ext . arkham asylum - night 527 chase come down the front step to find Alfred wait with the roll , hold the rear door open . chase Alfred ? alfred Mr. Wayne send I to pick you up . 528 int . roll - moving 528 Alfred drive out the front gate of arkham asylum . chase where 's Bruce ? alfred he ask I to convey he deep apology , Dr. meridian . but he want I to give you this . Alfred hand she a small wicker figure . the dream doll . alfred he say to thank you . and to tell you he no longer need it . she notice the batsignal in the night sky . chase do it ever end Alfred ? alfred no , miss . not in this lifetime . chase look out the car window . in the distance , the shape of the bat shimmer against the cloud . 529 zoom into 529 the batsignal , fill the screen . pan down 530 ext . top of skyscraper - night 530 batman stand on the edge of the gargoyl building , a lone silhouette keep vigil over the city . then another figure step up into frame , take he place behind batman . they cape billow in the city wind . now there be two guardian of the night : batman and Robin . beware ! final fade to black .