batman begins by david goyer black . a low keening which become screeching that build and build until- red flicker through black as the screen burst into life : Cloud of reeling bat silhouett against a blood red sky , bolt away from camera , massing in the sky ... forming a density the shape of a enormous bat - like symbol . more bat mass , swamp the symbol , darkening the screen to - black . distant child 's laughter which come closer as - sunlight flicker through black . sunlight through tree run through a summer garden . a boy . Chasing a girl . the Boy reach a victorian greenhouse . stands in the doorway catch he breath . this be Bruce Wayne , age 8 , and we be - ext . garden , wayne manor -- day 1 young bruce peer down row of plant on long trestle table . young bruce Rachel ? no response . sunlight stream through wringht iron and glass . Young Bruce advance , cautious . he be grabbed from behind and pull under a table by a young girl , age 10 . this be rachel . she put she hand over Young Bruce 's mouth . female voice ( 0.s. ) Rachel ?! master Bruce ?! a woman stride past the window : mrs. dodson , Rachel 's mother , housekeeper of Wayne manor . young bruce ( whisper ) what be you do ?! rachel ( matter -of - fact ) kidnap you . they '' pay a lot for precious brucie . Young Bruce stare , wide -ey . she smile . he relax . Young Bruce bolt out from under the trestle table - sprint for the back door . Rachel tear after he . ext . disuse kitchen garden , wayne manor -- continuous 2 Young Bruce crouch in the mouth of a disuse well , peer over the stone wall at Rachel , who search for he . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 2 . rachel Bruce , I can see you . Young Bruce suppress a giggle - the board beneath he give way and he plummet into ... int . old well -- continuous 3 Young Bruce drop thirty foot - land painfully on the rubble strewn bottom of the shaft . ext . kitchen garden , wayne manor -- continuous 4 Rachel , hearing , run to the well . rachel bruce ?! ! int . old well -- continuous 5 Young Bruce lift he head from damp dirt and rock , groan . ext . kitchen garden , wayne manor -- continuous 6 Rachel sprint towards the house . rachel mom !! mister alfred ! ! int . old well -- continuous 7 Young Bruce , in shock , groan . he hear squealing - freeze , peering into the darkness of a open between rock ... bat explode from the darkness , fill the air . he screamscurls against they flap , squawk , flutter blackness . a jolt : older GREEN eye flick OPEN , waking ... in darkness . filthy , sweat darkness ... and we be in - int . bhutanese jail -- morning the eye belong to a bearded , weathered , young man 's face . bruce wayne age 28 . a old asian man sit stare at he . old man a dream ? wayne a nightmare . old man worse than this ? they cell be a tin box . Light seep through gap in the roof . shout echo . Wayne shrug . ext . prison courtyard -- later 9 Wayne and the Old man line up for gruel . prisoner be scattered in small group . all eye on Wayne . old man they be go to fight you . wayne I fight they yesterday . old man they will fight you every day . until they kill you . Wayne hold out he plate . watch gruel dribble onto it . wayne can not they kill I before breakfast ? Wayne turn from the table . his path be block by a enormous man , back by six aggressive prisoner . the enormous man smashes he plate away . enormous man ( break English ) you be in hell , little man ... he punch Wayne - Wayne go down hard . enormous man ( cont ’d ) ... and I be the devil . Wayne pick himself up . Dust himself off . ( continued ) 10 continued : ( 2 ) 4 . wayne you be not the devil ... the enormous man swing again - Wayne catch he fist , kick the big man 's knee out a , as he go down , boot he face . wayne ( cont ’d ) ... you be practice . six prisoner rush Wayne all at once ... Wayne fight skillfully and hard , flipping one prisoner into another kicking as he arm be hold ... several prisoner hit the deck before - gunfire - two guard break it up , shoot into the air ... they grab Wayne . guard solitary ! wayne ( indignant ) why ? guard for protection . wayne I do not need protection . the Guard point angrily at the unconscious prisoner . guard Protection for they . int . solitary , bhutanese jail -- moment later 10 Wayne be toss into the dark cell . the door slam . voice ( 0.s. ) I often wonder at the rich to be find in dark place . the voice be mellifluous . european . it come from the shadow of a deep corner of the cell . wayne I think the point of solitary confinement be the solitary part . Wayne can make out the profile of a man seat in the corner . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 5 . man this man have mistaken you for a criminal , mr.wayne ... Wayne react to he name . the man step into the light : powerfully - build , distinguished , in a well - cut suit and tie . wayne who be you ? man my name be merely ducard . but I speak for ra 's Al ghul . have you hear the name ? wayne I have hear the legend ... master warrior , international mercenary , fear by all the underworld ... some even swear he 's immortal . ducard ( smile ) ra 's Al ghul use theatricality and deception as powerful weapon . ducard approach Wayne . look deep into he eye . ducard ( cont ’d ) you have not escape he notice - a man like you be here by choice ... or because he be truly lose . Wayne 's eye flick away from ducard 's penetrate gaze . ducard ( cont ’d ) ra 's Al ghul and he League of shadows offer a path to that that be capable of uphold we code . wayne code ? be not you criminal ? ducard a criminal be simply a man that someone else think ... ( gesture around they ) should be put in jail . Wayne nod , concede the point . ( continued ) 11 12 continued : ( 3 ) 6 . ducard ( cont ’d ) this world be run by tyrant and corrupt bureaucrat . we code respects only the natural order of thing - we be not bound by they hypocrisy . be you ? ducard move to the door . knock . it be open by a guard . ducard ( cont ’d ) there be a rare flower - a blue doublebloom poppy - that grow on the Eastern slope . tomorrow you will be release . pick one of the flower . if you can carry it to the top of the mountain , you may find what you be look for . wayne and what be I look for ? ducard look at Wayne with a glint in he eye . ducard purpose . the door slam shut leave Wayne in darkness ... int . bottom of the old well -- day ( wayne 's memory ) 11 silence . Young Bruce lie there , exhaust , weep softly . male voice Bruce ? Young Bruce look up : a figure , long coat billow , be lower down the shaft ... thomas wayne , Young Bruce 's father . ext . garden , wayne manor -- moment later 12 Thomas carry he son towards the house . at he side , a 50 - year - old man in a somber suit calmly coil a rope : alfred . alfred will we be need a ambulance , master Wayne ? thomas we have everything I need to set the bone . i’1l1 take he for x- ray later . ( continued ) 13 14 15 continued : ( 2 ) 7 . alfred very good , sir . they pass a tearful Rachel stand with she mother . int . hall , wayne manor -- continuous 13 Thomas carry Bruce up the main stair . the house be vast and grand , but full of flower and life . Bruce 's mother ( martha ) appear at the landing , distraught . thomas ( reassure ) he 'il be fine . int . bruce 's bedroom , wayne manor -- later 14 Alfred move to the bedside . look down at Young Bruce . alfred take quite a fall , do not we ? Young Bruce look up at Alfred . manage a slight smile . alfred and why do we fall , master Bruce ? Alfred reach up to the curtain . Young Bruce say nothing . alfred so that we might better learn to pick ourselves up . Alfred smile gently . pull the curtain shut , and we - CUT to : a exquisite double - bloom blue poppy ... and we be - ext . himalayan foothills -- day 15 a field of the blue poppy . Wayne approach . pick one . Studies its brilliant blue in the cold sunshine . 16 17 18 19 ext . tiny hamlet , himalayas -- day 16 Wayne , exhaust , freezing , hungry , wander up the street . as local see he they head inside . door slammed , bolt . child ( 0.s. ) no one will help you . Wayne turn to find a young child staring at he . the child point at the blue flower pin to Wayne 's chest . a old man appear at the child 's side . wayne ( weak ) I need food . old man then turn back . Wayne look at the Old man . then carry on up the mountain . ext . mountain -- day 17 Wayne , struggle through drive snow up a icy ridge ... he clear the ridge , flop down into the snow , painfully raise he scarf - wrap face to the cut wind to see a monastery perch on jag rock . ext . himalayan fortified monastery -- day 18 Wayne climb up the step to the vast door of the monastery . unwrap a severely frostbitten fist . pound against the icecover wood , knock echoing deep within . nothing . Wayne lower he forehead to the door , shoulder wrack by sob , pound accelerate to a frenzy . a grinding noise from within . Wayne stop , straighten . the door swing OPEN to darkness ... int . great hall , monastery -- continuous 19 Wayne shuffles forward into a low - ceiling wooden hall light by flicker lamp . hand tremble , Wayne pull at brittle scarve . he start as the door thud shut behind he . at the far end , on a raise platform , sit a dark rob figure ; ra' al ghul . Wayne move unsteadily towards he ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 9 . wayne ( hoarse ) ra 's Al ghul ? armed warrior of various race emerge from the shadow : bow taut , sword draw ... ninjas . Wayne freeze . ducard ( 0.s. ) wait . the Warrior hold . Wayne look at the source of the command : ducard lean against a nearby pillar . Wayne reach into he layer of clothing . pull out the double -bloomed blue poppy . hold it out , shaking . ra 's Al ghul start to speak in urdu . ducard translate . ducard fear have be you guide . but now you must advance or fear will keep you on you knee . we will help you conquer you fear . in exchange you will renounce the city of man . you will live in solitude . you will be a member of the leagues of shadows . and you will be without fear . ducard take the flower . consider its delicate blue petal . ducard ( cont ’d ) be you ready to begin ? ducard thread the flower through the buttonhole of he lapel . Wayne look at ducard , shaking with hunger and fatigue . wayne ready ? I ... I can barely - ducard kick he - Wayne crashes to the floor . ducard death do not wait for you to be ready ... Wayne crawl , gasp . ducard strike he in the rib . ducard ( cont ’d ) death be not considerate , or fair . and make no mistake - today , death be you opponent . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 10 . ducard turn - whip he leg in a fearsome roundhouse kick aim straight at Wayne 's neck - - but Wayne block the kick with a lateral movement of he forearm . he stare at ducard , eye blazing . ducard smile . Wayne rise . assume a martial stance . ducard strike Wayne block and parry , drive he body through pain into a series of fluid , skilled move ... ducard ( cont ’d ) Tiger crane ... ju jitsu ... ( smile ) Skilled . but this be not a dance - ducard grapple Wayne , brawling , biting , energized , messy ... ducard ( cont ’d ) facing death you learn the truth ... ducard 's head smashes Wayne 's cheek - Wayne falter - ducard ( cont ’d ) you be weak ... ducard smashes he in the groin . ducard ( cont ’d ) you be alone ... ducard slam Wayne 's chin , send he down hard . ducard ( cont ’d ) and you be afraid ... ducard crouch at Wayne 's side . look into he glaze eye . ducard ( cont ’d ) ( curious ) but not of I . ducard pull the flower from he lapel . leans in close to replace it on Wayne 's chest , he lip at Wayne 's ear ... ducard ( cont ’d ) tell we , Wayne ... violent flapping , screeching black rat - swarm , chitter - ducard ( v.0 . ) ( whisper ) what do you fear ? 20 11 . Young Bruce 's eye OPEN , and we be - int . bruce 's bedroom , wayne manor -- dawn ( wayne 's memory ) 20 Young Bruce , breathe hard . Light cut across the bedclothes . he look to the door . Thomas be there . thomas ( gentle ) the bat again ? Young Bruce nod . Thomas approach . sit on the bed . thomas ( cont ’d ) you know why they attack you ? ( off look ) they be afraid of you . young bruce afraid of I ? thomas you be a lot bigger than a bat , be not you ? all creature feel fear . young bruce ( smile ) even the scary one ? Thomas smile back , reach into he dress gown pocket . thomas especially the scary one . ( think ) here , let I show you something - ( freeze ) but you can not tell anyone , right ? Young Bruce nod , eager . Thomas pull out a long jewel case . he open it : pearl glow in the half - light . thomas ( cont ’d ) for you mother . Young Bruce grins . Thomas wink at he , snap the case shut . 21 22 23 24 12 . int . elevate train ( monorail ) -- evening 21 Young Bruce watch the glory of gotham glide past . his parent beside he , dress up - martha idly stroking she pearl . she smile at Thomas . young bruce do you build this train , dad ? thomas you great- grandfather build the first train in gotham . the city 's be good to we family - it be time to give something back ... Thomas draw a circle in the condensation on the window ... thomas ( cont ’d ) a new public transportation system for the whole city ... Thomas draw spoke through the circle , create a wheel . Thomas tap he diagram at the central hub of the wheel , then point through the glass to a tall 1930 's skyscraper . thomas ( cont ’d ) ... and at the cent ... Wayne Tower . ext . gotham -- continuous 22 the monorail train turn inward on a " spoke " ... shoot towards the central station at the base of Wayne Tower . int . concourse , wayne station -- moment later 23 Young Bruce stare at the magnificent station . he look up through the vault glass ceiling ... wayne tower rise above ... Rich orchestral string rise , and we be - int . gotham opera house -- later 24 a gild house pack to the rafter for boito 's mefistofle . Young Bruce seat between he parent , on stage : witchlike creature cavort . dark bird on wire descend , flapping . Young Bruce stare , uneasy , at they violent motion . insert CUT : bat explode from a dark crevice . Young Bruce start breathe faster , stare fixedly . ( continued ) 25 continued : ( 2 ) 13 . screeching , flapping black bat swarm all around ... Young Bruce , gulp panic breath , look around for a exit - they be in the middle of a row . he grab he dad 's arm . young bruce ( desperate whisper ) can we go ?! Thomas stare at he son , confuse . martha look over . Young Bruce look at he father , pleading . Thomas nod . they make they way along the row , Thomas nodd apology ... ext . side alley , gotham opera house -- continuous 25 the wayn emerge from a side exit . martha crouch before Bruce , try to meet he eye . he stare down , ashamed . martha Bruce , what 's wrong ? thomas he 's fine . martha look up . Thomas give she a conspiratorial look . thomas ( cont ’d ) I just need a bit of air . bit of opera go a long way , right , Bruce ? Young Bruce look up at he dad , who wink . Young Bruce smile gratefully . thomas ( cont ’d ) come one . Thomas , coat over he arm , usher he family down the dark alley , head for the welcoming glow of the main boulevard . a figure emerge from the shadow in front of they . a man . with a gun . shift uneasily . man wallet , jewelry ! fast ! thomas ( calm tone ) that 's fine , just take it easy . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 14 . Thomas hand Young Bruce he coat , then reach for he wallet . the man jerk the gun at Thomas , eye darting . Young Bruce stare up at the gun trembling in the man 's hand . thomas ( cont ’d ) here you go . the man grab at the wallet but fumble it . it fall . the man glance down at the wallet then back to Thomas , scared . thomas ( cont ’d ) ( reassure tone ) it 's fine , it 's fine ... the man crouch for the wallet , eye on Thomas . thomas ( cont ’d ) ... just take it and go . the man feel for the wallet , look at martha . her pearl . man I say jewelry !! she start pull off she ring . the man jerk the gun at she neck . Thomas step protectively in front of he wife . thomas hey , just - boom . Young Bruce flinch . Thomas look down at he bleed chest . then back to the man , sadden . Thomas crumple . martha scream . the man reach for martha 's pearl - but she scream desperately for Thomas . martha thomas ! ! thomas ! ! man gimme the damn ... but martha flail , try to grab she fall husband . the man shoot she . then yank at she necklace , which break . spill pearl all over the asphalt . the man stand . turn to Young Bruce . who stare at he . uncomprehend . the man can not bear the boy 's gaze ... and then he run . Young Bruce look at the body of he parent . drop to he knee , head down : pearl dot the asphalt beneath he . some of they be bloody . 26 27 15 . Young Bruce start to shiver . int . police station -- night 26 chaos : reporter and cop vie for a piece of the crime of the decade . in the Captain 's office , Young Bruce . bewildere , forget . still clutching he father 's overcoat . male voice ( 0.s. ) be that you father 's ? Young Bruce look up : a young beat cop stand over he - jim gordon ( 29 ) . Gordon crouch , reach for the coat . Young Bruce huddle over it , protective . gordon ( reassure ) , it 's okay . Gordon 's tone prompt Young Bruce to trust he . Gordon take the coat , drape it gently across Young Bruce 's shoulder . male voice ( 0.s. ) gordon ! you gotta stick you nose into everything ! Gordon turn to captain loeb , who glare at he . captain loeb outta my sight . Gordon nods at Young Bruce , whose eye wish Gordon would stay . Gordon leave . loeb turn to Young Bruce . captain loeb ( cont ’d ) good news ... we get he , son . Young Bruce look up at he daze . uncertain . ext . ground , wayne manor -- day 27 snow fall over two open grave . mourner disperse , guide by security guard . Alfred stand with Young Bruce . a man approach , earle ( 47 ) . he nod at Alfred , crouching . earle ( indicate Alfred ) you be in excellent hand , Bruce . and we be mind the empire . when you be all grow up , it will be wait . 28 29 16 . Young Bruce look blankly at earle . ext . wayne manor -- later 28 mourner file towards the gate . Rachel walk with she mother . look up at Bruce 's high window . see he watch . wave . Young Bruce pause , then return the wave . int . bruce 's bedroom -- continuous 29 Alfred enter . look tenderly at Young Bruce 's back . alfred I think I have prepare a little supper . no response . Alfred turn . alfred ( cont ’d ) very well . young bruce ( 0.s. ) Alfred ? Alfred turn back . Young Bruce be look at he with tear pouring down he cheek . Alfred tilt he head . alfred ( voice catch ) master Bruce ? young bruce it be my fault , Alfred . Alfred 's mouth open . young bruce ( cont ’d ) I make they leave the theater - alfred oh , no , no , no - Alfred move to Young Bruce , take the boy in he arm . young bruce if I have not get scared - alfred no , no , master Bruce . nothing you do . nothing anyone ever do can excuse that man . ( continued ) 30 31 continued : ( 2 ) 17 . Alfred hold Young Bruce away to look directly into he eye . alfred ( cont ’d ) it 's he , and he alone . do you understand ? Young Bruce nod . then bury he face in Alfred 's chest , sobbing . young bruce I miss they , Alfred . I miss they so much . alfred ( whisper ) so do I , master Bruce . so do i. tear well in Alfred 's eye as he hold the boy , watch snowflake swirl past the window . ducard ( v.0 . ) and do you still feel responsible ? int . passageway , monastery -- day 30 ducard lead Wayne along a screen passage overlook extraordinary mountain . wayne my anger outweigh my guilt . ducard open a door ... int . dojo , monastery -- day 31 lead Wayne onto a mezzanine level stack with box and bottle . ninjas pour powder into packet , mixing compound . ducard take a pinch of a powder - throw it down - bang ! Wayne flinch - ducard smile good -naturedly . ducard Advanced technique of ninjitsu employ explosive powder . wayne as weapon ? ducard or distraction . theatricality and deception be powerful agent . ( continued ) 32 continued : ( 2 ) 18 . ducard hand Wayne a pinch of the powder . ducard ( cont ’d ) to be a great warrior be not enough . flesh and blood , however skilled , can be destroy ... you must be more than just a man in the mind of you opponent . Wayne listen to this . toss the powder - bang ! ext . frozen lake , himalayas -- day 32 Wayne and ducard circle each other on the ice , sword poise to strike . Dark figure in the white and blue landscape . ducard strike at Wayne , who deflect the blow use a silver gauntlet with three scallop ( thick , hook - like projection ) . ducard skid leave , breath steaming , feint with he sword . Wayne step sideways on the ice , he foot landing on a thin patch which creak , water bubbling underneath . ducard mind you surround . always . Wayne strike - ducard block with he own bronze gauntlet . Wayne slip right and fly in with a short thrust - ducard 's arm flip down in a backhand move - ducard catch Wayne 's sword in one of he scallop . ducard ( cont ’d ) you parent 's death be not you fault ... ducard rotate he arm , wrenching Wayne 's sword from he grasp - it skid along the ice . ducard ( cont ’d ) ... it be you father 's . Wayne , enrage , dive at ducard , swinging at he with the scallop , furious , reckless . ducard parry with he sword , they lock - nose inch apart , Wayne breathing ... angry ... ducard ( cont ’d ) anger do not change the fact that you father fail to act . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 19 . wayne the man have a gun ! ducard would that stop you ? wayne I have have training - ducard the training be nothing . the will to take control be everything . you father trust he city , its logic ... he think he understand the attacker and could simply give he what he want ... Wayne consider this ... breathe slow ... calmer ... they separate . ducard ( cont ’d ) ( gently ) you father do not understand the force of decay - city like gotham be in they death throes - chaotic , grotesque . Beyond save . wayne Beyond save ? you believe that ? ducard regards the harshly beautiful landscape . ducard it be not right that one must come so far to see the world as it be mean to be . purity . serenity ... solitude . this be the quality we hold dear . but the important thing be whether you believe it ... Wayne stare at ducard . ducard ( cont ’d ) can gotham can be save , or be she a ail ancestor whose time have run ? ducard strike down at Wayne with he sword . Wayne block the strike with forearm crossed , slide between ducard 's legs across the ice to where he sword lie . grasping he sword he spin , sweeping at ducard 's foot . ducard leap - Wayne catch he foot , bring he down onto the ice . Wayne thrust he sword at ducard 's throat - ( continued ) 33 34 continued : ( 3 ) 20 . stop inches from ducard 's bare neck . ducard freeze , arm at he side . Wayne look down at ducard , smiling in triumph . wayne yield . ducard smile . shake he head . ducard you have not beat I . you have sacrifice sure foot for a kill stroke . ducard tap the ice beneath Wayne 's foot with he sword - the ice give way , plunging Wayne through the surface . ext . shore , frozen lake -- evening 33 ducard feed a small FIRE . Wayne rub he arm , shivering violently against hypothermia . ducard look at he . ducard do not rub you arm , rub you chest . you arm 's 1l1 take care of themselves . Wayne rub he torso , nods at ducard . ducard feed the fire . ducard ( cont ’d ) you have strength bear of year of grief and anger , Wayne . the strength of a man deny revenge . even in he shiver , Wayne react to this . ducard ( cont ’d ) why , Wayne . .? int . wayne station platform -- day ( wayne 's memory ) 34 a monorail pull into the platform . disgorge passenger . ducard ( v.0 . ) why could you not avenge you parent ? amongst they , Bruce , aged 20 , hold a bag . he see Alfred , now 62 , craning he neck , searching . he wave . ( continued ) 35 36 continued : ( 2 ) 21 . bruce you do not have to pick I up - alfred well , sir , the red line ... well , it 's close . apparently mr.earle think it be not make enough money . int . concourse , wayne station -- moment later 35 Bruce look sadly at the decay to he father 's station : glass cracked , marble chip , homeless bundle in shutter storefront ... he look up through the spare glass : wayne tower loom overhead , gold lettering catch the sun ... bruce how be mr.earle ? alfred oh ... successful . int . roll royce -- later 36 Alfred glance at Bruce in the rear-view mirror . alfred will you be head back to Princeton tomorrow or could I persuade you to spend a extra night or two ? bruce I be not head back at all . alfred you do not like it there ? Bruce smile , sardonic . look out at the tree flash by . bruce I like it fine ... they just do not feel the same way . Alfred purse he lip , irritate . 37 38 22 . ext . wayne manor -- moment later 37 Bruce stare up at house . Alfred pull the bag out of the car and , to Bruce 's surprise , drop it at Bruce 's foot . int . wayne manor -- continuous 38 Alfred lead Bruce up the main staircase . the house be now dark and empty . Dust -cloth cover much of the furniture . alfred ( tense ) I have prepare the master bedroom . bruce my old room will be fine . alfred ( stern ) with all due respect , sir , you father be dead . Wayne manor be you house . bruce ( irritate ) no , Alfred , he be not my house . ( gesture ) it 's a mausoleum . a reminder of everything I lose . and when I have my way I ’1l1 pull the damn thing down brick by brick - Alfred turn on Bruce , angry . alfred this house , master Wayne , have shelter six generation of the Wayne family , and stand patiently by while you have cavort in and out of a dozen private school and college . as have I . Bruce stare at Alfred . eye burn . chasten . alfred ( cont ’d ) ( softer ) the Wayne family legacy be not so easily shrugge off . bruce ( sadly ) nor borne , old friend . I be sorry to have disappointed you . ( continued ) 39 continued : ( 2 ) 23 . alfred master Wayne ... I be at you father 's side when you be bear . and at you side when he be laid to rest . bruce ( voice catch ) I know . alfred you father be a great man . but I have every confidence that you will exceed he greatness . bruce have not give up on I , yet ? alfred ( conviction ) never . Bruce sag under the burden of Alfred 's faith . he open the door to he bedroom , then turn back to Alfred ... bruce I may not get another chance to thank you for all you have do for I . Alfred look at he , curious . alfred be you go away after the hearing ? Bruce shrug , hard to read . then enter he old bedroom . int . bruce 's bedroom -- continuous 39 Bruce put he bag on the bed . look around the room . at the mantel , Bruce stare at a frame photograph : Young Bruce on he dad 's shoulder , arm raise in triumph . Bruce wipe dust from the photograph . smile at it . insert CUT : Young bruce on Thomas 's shoulder - Thomas tip back , threaten to drop Young Bruce who laugh and laugh . Bruce move to the bed . open he case . Inside it be a gun . 40 41 42 24 . ext . gate , wayne manor -- morning 40 Rachel , now 23 , stand by she car look up at the house . she can see Bruce in the window . she give a small wave . int . bruce 's bedroom -- continuous 41 Bruce return Rachel 's wave . then finishes loading he gun . ext . gate , wayne manor -- moment later 42 Bruce walk down the drive to Rachel . he smile gently . bruce you look well . " Assistant District Attorney " , right ? rachel ( nod , smile ) you still try to get kick out of the entire ivy league ? bruce ( shake head , smile ) turn out you do not actually need a degree to do the international playboy thing . Rachel smile . look down at she shoe . then back to Bruce . rachel Bruce , I do not suppose there 's any way I can convince you not to come - bruce ( cold ) someone at this proceeding should stand for my parent . rachel Bruce , we all love you parent . what chill do be unforgivable - bruce then why be you boss let he go ? rachel because in prison he share a cell with carmine falcone . he learn thing and he will testify in exchange for early parole . 43 44 45 25 . Bruce shake he head , open the car door . Rachel sigh . int . / ext . rachel 's car on freeway , gotham -- morning 43 Rachel 's car head towards the golden spire of gotham . Bruce stare out the window in silence . int . rachel 's car -- moment later 44 Rachel pull into the parking lot of the courthouse . Parks . Bruce look at she through the strain silence . bruce Rachel , this man kill my parent . I can not let that pass . Rachel almost say something . then shrug . bruce ( cont ’d ) Rachel , I need you to understand . Rachel look at Bruce . consider . gently nods . Bruce nod back . Rachel open she door and start get out . Bruce slip out he gun , place it on the ground behind the front wheel of Rachel 's car as he get out . int . courthouse -- day 45 a small bureaucratic proceeding . a five person panel . Bruce sit amongst the observer . watch the back of chili 's head . Rachel 's boss , finch , address the panel . finch give the exemplary prison record of mr.chill , the 14 year already serve and he extraordinary level of cooperation with one of this office 's most important investigation ... we strongly endorse mr.chill 's petition for early release . the chairman nod , consult he paperwork chairman I gather a member of the Wayne family be here today ... chill react , turning . Bruce study he weathered face . ( continued ) 46 continued : ( 2 ) 26 . chairman ( cont 'd ) ... do he have anything to say ? chill notice Wayne 's cold eye . have to look away . Bruce rise , walk out , all eye on he . include Rachel 's . ext . parking lot , courthouse -- moment later 46 Bruce move to Rachel 's car . pick up he gun , stuff it up the sleeve of he overcoat . wait . the side exit open and two cop come out . a shout go up from the pressmen around the front of the courthouse . reporter they be take he out the side !! reporter swarm around the building as chill emerge . reporter1 chill , any word for the Wayne family ?!! chill , head down , press on . Bruce straighten . breathes . start walking towards chill . a reporter spot he . reporter2 it 's Bruce Wayne ! the Reporters clear a path , eager for a confrontation . blonde female reporter Joe ! hey Joe !! this one catch chill 's eye - blonde , local t.v. type . Bruce 's hand drop to he side as he move ... he 's breathing hard ... thinking ... decide ... blonde female reporter ( cont ’d ) falcone say hi !! she thrust a gun at chill 's chest and fire . chill drop - Bruce stop in he track . Reporters dive for cover - cop jump on the blonde reporter , pin she ... Bruce . Fifteen foot away . load gun up he sleeve . face as uncomprehend as the night chill kill he parent . Rachel move to Bruce , pull he away from the chaos . ( continued ) 47 continued : ( 2 ) 27 . rachel come one , Bruce . come on , we do not need to see this . Bruce yank he arm away . bruce I do . int . rachel 's car -- evening 47 Rachel drive . Bruce sit there , hand in he lap . stare . Rachel glance over at he . then pull over . turn to he . rachel ( gentle ) be you okay ? bruce ( distant ) all this year I want to kill he . now he 's go . now I can not . rachel you do not mean that . bruce ( bitter ) what if I do , Rachel ? chill kill my parent . they deserve justice . Rachel look at he , appal . rachel you be not talk about justice , you be talk about revenge . bruce sometimes they be the same . rachel they be never the same , Bruce . justice be about harmony ... revenge be about you make yourself feel better . that 's why we have a impartial system - Rachel pull out into the street . bruce well , you system of justice be break - ( continued ) 48 49 continued : ( 2 ) 28. rachel do not you tell I the system 's break , Bruce ! I be out here every day try to fix it while you mope around use you grief as a excuse to do nothing . you care about justice . .? Rachel yank the wheel - ext . freeway , gotham -- continuous 48 Rachel 's car screech across two lane , onto a exit ramp . int . / ext . rachel 's car on surface street -- continuous 49 the street below be dark , crowded and threatening - rachel look beyond you own pain , Bruce . Rachel gesture at the filthy street . down dark alley - shadowy figure conduct business . rachel ( cont ’d ) this city be rotting . chill be not the cause , he 's the effect . corruption be kill gotham and chill be dead do not help that - it make it worse because falcone walk . he carry on flooding we city with crime and drug ... create new Joe chill ... falcone may not have kill you parent , Bruce , but he 's destroy everything they stand for ... they pull up in front of a basement club . rachel ( cont ’d ) they all know where to find falcone ... ( gesture at club ) but no one will touch he because he keep the bad people rich and the good people scared . Rachel turn on Bruce . ( continued ) 50 continued : ( 2 ) 29 . rachel ( cont ’d ) ( quiet ) and what chance do gotham have when the good people do nothing ? she poke he in the chest . Bruce look down at she finger . bruce I be not one of you " good people " Rachel . chill take that from I . Rachel look at Bruce strangely . rachel what do you mean ? Bruce pull up he sleeve . turn he hand over . Rachel stare at the gun in he hand , shocked . bruce I be go to kill he myself . she look at Bruce . then slap he . Bruce do nothing . Rachel slap he again and again ... nothing . she stop . tear flow . rachel you be no better than the rest . Rachel point at the gun . look into Bruce 's eye . rachel ( cont ’d ) you father would be ashamed of you . Bruce stare at Rachel . open he door . ext . dock area , gotham -- continuous 50 Bruce watch Rachel 's car disappear . turn to look at the line of ship in the harbor . he make he way to the water . take out he gun . turn it , study the light off its metal - insert CUT : the trembling barrel of chill 's gun , inch from Thomas Wayne 's chest . Bruce , with contempt , fling he gun into the black water . 51 52 30 . ext . basement club , facing dock -- later 51 Bruce walk towards the entrance . a bouncer step out , look at he with contempt . bouncer get lose , kid . Bruce pull a massive wad of cash from he pocket . split it in two . offer one half . bruce the other half when you give I the nod that falcone 's leave . unaware . the bouncer look at Bruce . take the money . ext . basement club , facing dock -- later 52 Bruce watch the entrance from the shadow . two thug escort a thickset man out of a club . the bouncer wave - bouncer " night , mr.falcone . the three man move towards a wait limo - wham - one thug take a kick to the head , go down - Bruce step from the shadow - the second thug go for he gun - Bruce grab he arm - chop he throat - judo flip the thug ... Bruce turn to falcone who look at he , curious . falcone the little rich kid . no gun ? I be insulted . the first thug lunge at Bruce with a knife - Bruce put he down with a graceful sweep - bruce I do not need a gun . falcone yes , you do . click . a gun be at Bruce 's head . held by the bouncer . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 31 . falcone ( cont ’d ) money be not power down here - fear be . the bouncer pistol whip he once , hard . Bruce go down . the bouncer drop Bruce 's money onto he . falcone ( cont ’d ) you shoulda just send I a thank - you note ... Bruce look up at falcone . spit blood . bruce I do not come here to thank - you . I come to show you that not everyone in gotham be afraid of you . falcone ( laugh ) just that that know I . you get ball , kid ... ( cold ) but you do not belong down here with we . we do not play fair . now go back to you big house , wrap yourself in you silk sheet and I 'il send you a shoulder to cry on . bruce you do not dress well enough to be a pimp . falcone light a cigar . stare down at bruce . ice. falcone you miss you mommy and daddy ? come down here again , I send you to they . falcone turn . his thug get into the limo with he . Bruce watch it slide into the night . struggle to he foot ... Bruce walk the dock , wiping blood from he mouth . shadow in doorway mark he progress . Three youths approach . Bruce stiffen , but they cross the street to avoid he . male voice ( 0.s. ) no one 'il mess with ya . Bruce turn . a homeless man warming at a flame oil drum . one of many homeless cluster around the dock . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 32 . homeless man wander ' round here dress like that , mean you get something to prove . man with something to prove be dangerous . Bruce stare at the man . think . take out he wallet . remove the money . hand it to the homeless man . homeless man ( cont ’d ) for what ? bruce you jacket . Bruce drop he wallet into the fire . the homeless man laugh . Bruce pull off he tie , throw it into the fire . he pull off he overcoat , bundle it up ready to - homeless man lemme have it , that 's a good coat . Bruce look at the homeless man , who have remove he own . they exchange clothing . bruce be careful who see you with that . ( off look ) they be gonna come look for I . homeless man who ? Bruce smile . bruce everyone . Bruce , less incongruous in he " new " coat , move down towards the stack of container ... Bruce wander the stack . a horn sound . Bruce 's eye lock onto the ship prepare to leave . Bruce run towards it trough the shadow ... ducard ( 0.s. ) and when you leave gotham ... and we be - 33 . 53 ext . himalayan monastery -- day 53 ducard ... what be you seek ? ducard leap up onto a stone wall . grabbing on use pike on he palm and on he foot . Wayne watch . wayne to lose myself . I could not do anything as Bruce Wayne . I feel useless . ducard gesture up to the top of the 50 - ft wall . ducard perhaps you can beat my record . Bruce jump up onto the wall , higher than ducard . confident . wayne how long ? ducard two day . ( off look ) the test be not to see how quickly you can climb , but how slowly . the ninja be think invisible , but invisibility be largely a matter of patience . ducard reach up for another handhold . slowly . ducard ( cont ’d ) on you journey ... you seek knowledge of the criminal world ? wayne ( nod ) I need to understand the thought and feeling of that who stand in the shadow ... CUT to : 54 ext . crowded market , african port town -- evening ( memory ) 54 wayne ( v.0 . ) the first time you be force to steal not to starve ... 55 56 34 . Bruce pick up a mango from a stack to examine it . as he do so he use he lower hand to slip a plum into he pocket . ext . alley , african port town -- later 55 Bruce squat in a doorway . bite hungrily into he plum . he look up . a child in rag sit in the next doorway , staring . Bruce stare back , juice drip . wayne ( v.0o . ) ... you lose many assumption about the simple nature of right and wrong . Bruce hand the child the plum . lick he finger . hard . int . train station , london -- day 56 Bruce ( bearded , filthy ) in a crowd , with a elderly man . wayne ( v.0 . ) I need to feel the fear before a crime ... the elderly man spot a businessman hurry along - step into he path , engineering a collision , tumble to the pavement . the businessman and Bruce both crouch to help . wayne ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and the thrill of success ... Bruce slip the businessman 's wallet out of he pocket . the businessman move off . Bruce show the elderly man the wallet for approval . then hurrie after the businessman . wayne ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... without become one of they . Bruce catch the businessman , give he the wallet . the businessman thanks Bruce - notice he destitution , he hand Bruce a banknote . Bruce nod thanks . 31 . 57 58 59 35 . int . warehouse , under the arch , eastern europe -- night 57 Bruce try to crack a safe under the supervision of a young tough . the Young tough shake he head , spin the dial and whip open the safe . show Wayne the action . wayne ( v.0 . ) I think I would find something ... int . smoke -filled backroom , shanghai -- night 58 at a table with a chinese boss and seven criminals drink , laugh , show each other they spoil ( watch , phone ) wayne ( v.o. ) I think I would learn what I need to do with my skill and my anger ... int . warehouse , shanghai -- day 59 a truck race through the door . two criminal yank the door shut after . Bruce and the boss jump down from the cab . wayne but the harder I look the less I see . the less I know ... Bruce turn to the boss wary . bruce where 's this friend of yours ? boss ( shrug ) not friend . friend of friend . Bruce roll he eye . look at the boss with contempt . wayne ( v.0 . ) until I be not even sure what I have be look for in the first place ... the door explode cop burst in , shouting in mandarin . 60 61 36 . int . same -- later 60 the back of the truck be open . cop inventory pile of box pull out of the back . wayne ( v.0 . ) and I be lose . Bruce sit in a line of criminal , hand cuffed behind back . a cop yank he to he foot , haul he over to a officer . cop ( in mandarin ) he refuse to give he name . the Officer smile solicitously at Bruce . officer ( in mandarin ) fool - this be China , you be a criminal , what the hell do I care what you name be ? bruce ( in fluent mandarin ) I be not a criminal . the Officer , surprised , wave Bruce away . look at the truck . officer ( in accented English ) tell that to the guy who own this ! he kick a BOX : close on the wayne industries logo . CUT to : ext . wall , himalayan monastery -- dawn 61 Wayne and ducard cling to the wall just short of the roof , eye locked . both be in agony , sweat - drench , straining . ducard blink . reach for the roof and pull himself up . Wayne close he eye in relief . ducard pull Wayne up onto the roof . they lie there in the half - light . ducard turn to Wayne . put a hand on he shoulder . proud . ducard you be ready . 62 37 . int . throne room -- night 62 Close on Wayne 's blue poppy - now shriveled dry - on the altar . Wayne , clad in black ninja uniform watch as ducard , also in black , pick it up , take a pestle and mortar , drop in the dry flower , and grind it to dust . ducard pour the dust into a small brazier . light it . motion to Wayne , who approach the smoking altar . ducard drink in you fear . face they . Wayne breathes the smoke . he shake he head , reacting to the effect of the smoke ... he mind be plague by image : chill 's tremble gun - Young Bruce falling - Thomas staggering - ducard put on he ninja mask . motion Wayne to do the same . Wayne struggle to think through the effect of the smoke ... wayne why the mask ? as if in reply , dozen of ninjas step forward from the shadow : the hall be fill with identical ninjas . ducard have melt into the crowd . Wayne raise he guard ... ducard to conquer fear , you must become fear ... you must bask in the fear of other man ... and man fear most what they can not see - ducard strike at Wayne - Wayne spin , parry - but ducard have go . the ninjas movie in unison , form wall ... ducard ( cont ’d ) it be not enough to be a man ... you have to become a idea ... a terrible think ... a wraith - the ninja nearest Wayne turn and slashes - it be ducard . Wayne leap sideways , rolling through the wall of ninjas . he look at he arm - it have be slashed , the uniform tear a dead giveaway . Wayne look around , crouch , ready ... one wall of ninjas part , revealing a wooden BOX . Wayne stare at it , mind spinning from the smoke . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 38 . ducard ( 0.s. ) face you fear ... Wayne cautiously approach the box . carefully lift the lid . peer inside ... bat explode from the box , filling the air - Wayne dive away from the box , staring up at the squawk bat - flinching ... ducard leap at Wayne , who roll sideways , block - Wayne turn to face ducard , but he be lose in the ninjas , bat fill the air , Wayne flinching with they attack ... Wayne stay low , slashes the arm of the ninja nearest he - the man do not move . Wayne turn . Fighting to think . a ninja pace softly through the crowd , as he speak , we can tell this be ducard ... ducard become one with the darkness ... ducard fall in behind a ninja with a slashed sleeve ... he knock he to he knee , sword against throat - ducard ( cont ’d ) you can not leave any sign ... ducard pull off he own mask . disappointed . wayne ( 0.s. ) I have not . a sword be at ducard 's neck - Wayne be behind he , pull off he mask . ducard look around ... several of the ninjas around they have slashed sleeve . ducard smile . the ninjas turn , in unison , and sit . ra 's Al ghul be seat on a small stage at the head of the room . ducard lead Wayne to sit down in front of ra 's . a ninja place a tray between they : a bottle and a burn candle . ducard place the candle in front of Wayne and hand he a small glass . ra 's Al ghul begin speak in urdu . ducard we have purge you fear . you be ready to lead this man . you be ready to become a member of the League of shadows . drink . Wayne tip back the glass . strong stuff . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 39 . ducard ( cont ’d ) by blow out this candle you renounce you mortal life . you renounce forever the city of man . you dedicate you life to solitude . Wayne lean forward to blow out the candle . pause . look at the row of seat ninjas . wayne where will I be lead this man ? ducard you will need they in gotham . wayne you want I to go back to gotham ? ra 's stare at Wayne . start speak ... ducard you yourself be a victim of gotham 's decay . that be why you come here , and that be why you must go back . you will assume the mantle of you birthright . as gotham 's favore son you will be ideally place ... wayne for what ? ducard to help we destroy the city . wayne what ?! ducard when gotham fall , the other city will follow in short order . nature 's balance will be restore and man will finally return to solitude . Wayne turn to ducard . wayne you can not believe in this . ducard look at Wayne , troubled . ( continued ) 63 continued : ( 4 ) 40 . ducard ra 's Al ghul have rescue you from the darkest corner of you own heart ... what he ask in return be obedience . and the courage to do what be necessary . Wayne stare down at the flicker candle . at the bottle . Wayne flick he sword out , smashing the bottle , tipping the candle - flame spread across the wooden floor - ducard ( cont ’d ) ( reach to extinguish flame ) what be you do ? wayne what 's necessary . Wayne strike ducard in the head with the butt of he sword , douse he mask in the liquid fire and toss it back into the mezzanine where the explosive powder be store ... ra 's leap from he throne , striking at Wayne with he sword - Wayne parry - explosion roar from the balcony , shoot flame across the ceiling - ra 's and Wayne fight as explosion surround they ... Wayne leap clear as flaming debris collapse onto ra 's , crushing he ... the flame be rise , ninja body be strewn around , fresh explosion rip across the hall as ninjas flee and Wayne spot ducard lie unconscious . Wayne pick up ducard , haul he out of the throne room , into a passage , smashing through a ornate screen ... ext . mountain -- continuous 63 Wayne and ducard crash down onto a steep slope of ice and rock , the monastery explode above they ... Wayne roll over , grab a rock , look across to see - ducard unconscious , sliding down the icy slope . his limp form rotate , spin as he body gather momentum , rush towards the edge of the cliff ... Wayne dive after he , sliding head -first down the ice ... the cliff closer and closer as Wayne race after ducard ... 64 65 66 67 41 . mere feet from the cliff edge , Wayne grab ducard - raise he free gauntlet-clad arm , and smashes at the ice , digging in with the bronze scallop ... stopping on the edge - ducard hang limply over a tremendous drop- Wayne struggle with the dead weight . Wayne pull ducard up onto the ice . breathing . ext . tiny hamlet , himalayas -- day 64 Wayne carry ducard down the road . int . sherpa 's hut -- moment later 65 Wayne kick the door open . the Old man he see on he way up the mountain stare back at he . then motion Wayne to put ducard down onto some mat . the Old man wipe blood from ducard 's temple . look at Wayne , who be move to the door ... old man I will tell he you save he life . Wayne stop . turn . look back at ducard . wayne tell he ... I have a ail ancestor who need I . Wayne put he hand together in formal salute . bow . int . climber 's bar , bhutan -- day 66 a smoky inn , full of sherpas and climber . Wayne enter , filthy , ragged . conversation cease . everyone stare . int . same -- moment later 67 Wayne use a phone at the bar , wait for a answer - alfred ( 0.s. ) Wayne residence . Wayne smile at Alfred 's familiar voice . wayne ( hoarse ) Alfred . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 42. alfred ( unflappable ) master Wayne . it 's be some time . wayne yes . yes it have . I need a ride . alfred and where be we , sir ? Wayne glance around . wayne Bhutan , I think . a curious sherpa nearby nods at Wayne . alfred be I to assume that you be without money and passport ? wayne I be travel a bit light , yes . alfred I believe there 's a airstrip at khatmandu long enough for a g5 . make you way there , I 'il have the jet down in fifteen hour . wayne very good . oh , and Alfred ? alfred yes , sir ? wayne bring some painkiller . 68 int . private jet -- dawn 68 Wayne step out of the washroom , clean -shaven , fresh tailore clothes . the jet break cloud , revealing gotham bath in glorious sunrise . Wayne look out at the city . Alfred , sleep opposite , open a eye . wayne have you tell anyone I be come home ? ( continued ) 69 70 71 continued : ( 2 ) 43. alfred I think you might like to surprise a few people . wayne no one can know I be back . not until I be ready . i’1l need everything on the company - shareholder 's report , holding . everything . Alfred smile to himself . close he eye again . alfred you sound like a man with purpose . Wayne stare at the vast city beneath they as the jet bank . wayne gotham need I , Alfred . gotham need ... a symbol . alfred what symbol , sir ? wayne I be not sure . something for the good to rally behind ... ext . gotham -- sunrise 69 moving over spire of the city catch gold of first light . wayne ( v.0 . ) ... and the criminal to fear . int . library , wayne manor -- night 70 Wayne , cross -legge on the floor , study a thick report . circle something , close it . draw another from a stack . int . kitchen , wayne manor -- evening 71 Alfred make tea . a television play : business news . interviewer ( over television ) lot of interest in new direction Wayne industry have be take ... Alfred look up : earle be be interview . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 continued : ( 2 ) 44 . interviewer ( cont ’d ) ... couple big defense contract in the bag ... as well as rumor that the board be petition to have Bruce Wayne , miss for seven year now , declare officially dead . earle ( smile thinly ) we operate assumption be always the hopeful one that Bruce 's 1l resurface sometime soon . int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 72 Wayne hear a chitter . he rise , move out into the main hall ... int . MAIN hall , wayne manor -- continuous 73 Wayne stare : a small shadow sputter around the ceiling ... alfred ( 0.s. ) a bless bat gain , sir . Wayne turn to find Alfred stand there with a tea service . alfred they nest somewhere on the grounds . Wayne watch the dark shape flicker around the ceiling . ext . ground , wayne manor -- day 74 Wayne walk across the garden to the greenhouse . he wear a long overcoat , a coil of rope over one arm . int . greenhouse -- continuous 75 now derelict . Glass crack or miss , paint peel from wringht iron . Wayne stand in the entrance , remember - insert CUT : Rachel , laughing , sprint between the table . 76 77 78 79 45 . int . disuse well shaft -- moment later 76 darkness , puncture by light as board be yanked , splintering from the mouth of the well , high above . Wayne lower himself down the shaft , overcoat billow . he undoe he rope at the bottom . turn , find - the dark crevice between the rock . Wayne crouch , push into the blackness , crawl through into - int . cavern -- continuous 77 Wayne climb down a jag rock crevice . Air blow in he face . the crevice widen into a low - ceiling chamber . Wayne hear the rush of water . he crouch , advance through the low chamber . it turn downward , steeper - Wayne carefully slide on he back , lowering himself into ... limitless black . Wayne stand . a roar of water now . he reach into he coat , pull out a chemical torch . crack it , throw light into ... a vast cavern . a underground river , a jagged ceiling , far above , which , as Wayne peer , start to move - bat explode from the ceiling . thousand descend , screeching , attract to the light - Wayne instinctively crouch . but as they swarm around he terrifyingly ... Wayne rise to he foot amidst a cyclone of bat , watch the flutter blackness with a profound calm . and he know the symbol he must use . int . / ext . roll royce on gotham street -- morning 78 Wayne stare at the decay . sadness give way to anger . ext . wayne plaza -- later 79 the roll pull up onto the Plaza in front of Wayne Station . the station be desert . derelict . Wayne get out , stare . wayne be it close ? alfred they still run a token service out of respect for you father . ( continued ) 80 81 82 continued : ( 2 ) 46 . wayne ( low ) respect ? int . board room , wayne tower -- continuous 80 a board meeting in full swing . earle preside . he be address a portly , distinguished man at the other end . this be judge phelan . earle clearly , judge phelan , move to have Bruce declare dead be not something that any of we here relish ... but as responsible manager it fall to we to act on behalf of Wayne industry ... int . outer office , wayne tower -- continuous 81 Wayne walk past the young , beautiful assistant sit she desk . wayne Morning . the Assistant get to she foot . assistant Sir , you can not go in there ! Wayne turn to she . smile . wayne yes , I can . the Assistant recognize he , stand there , shocked . int . board room , wayne tower -- continuous 82 as the door open , earle look over , annoyed . earle I be sorry , can I ...? earle stare . dumbstruck . all head turn - Wayne smile . wayne sorry to barge in , but I be in the area ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 47 . silence . earle get to he foot , approach Wayne , staring . he shake Wayne 's hand , clap the other on he shoulder . earle my boy ! we think you be go for good . wayne what can I say ? " report of my death have be greatly exaggerated " . nervous chuckle . judge phelan stare at Wayne , incredulous . earle can I ask where you have be ? wayne ( mischievous ) you can ask ... earle ( smile ) well , perhaps you x11 tell we you plan . be you back to finish college ? wayne actually , I think I have get to grip with what we actually do around here . from the ground up - one division at a time . earle take this in , nodd . earle any idea where you have like to start ? wayne apply science catch my eye . earle Mr. Fox 's department . i’1l make a call . you can start today . wayne actually , I have get a one o'clock tee-off , and it take I all morning to convince the club to honor my old membership . ( grin at earle ) apparently they do not have to meet the same high standard as you when it come to declare someone dead . 48. 83 int . staircase , district attorney 's office -- day 83 Rachel hurrie down marble stair to catch finch . rachel mr.finch . finch ( weary ) yes , miss dodson ? rachel mr.finch , on the falcone matter - finch ( here we go again ) the case against falcone die with chill . we have we shot . they walk out into the parking lot ... 84 ext . parking lot , courthouse -- continuous 84 rachel that be then - but now he 's import drug , everybody know it , let 's take it to harvey dent and - finch ( look around ) keep you voice down . ( quite , sympathetic ) look , Rachel , falcone 's get judge phelan and half of City Hall buy and pay for . so you get burn on falcone - let it go , we have get bigger fish to fry . rachel that would make a lot more sense if we be do any fry . finch , uncomfortable , turn . Rachel watch he exit ... 85 int . roll royce -- continuous 85 in the back seat , Wayne watch Rachel stand there . ( continued ) 86 continued : ( 2 ) 49 . alfred shall I park , sir ? Wayne wrestle for a moment ... wayne no , let 's go . Alfred pull out with a touch of disappointment . int . applied science division -- day 86 a massive warehouse , stack with crate , odd - shape under dust cover , lab equipment . lucius fox , age 52 , lead Wayne through the stack , speak in calm , knowledgeable tone . fox Environmental application , defense project , consumer product ... all prototype , none if production at any level whatsoever . wayne none ? Fox pause , turn to Wayne , a wick gleam in he eye . fox what do they tell you this place be ? wayne they do not tell I anything . fox they tell I exactly what it be when they send I here ... a dead end where I could not cause any more trouble for the rest of the board . wayne you be on the board ? fox back when you father run thing . wayne you know my father ? fox sure . helped he build he train . beautiful project - route right ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 50 . fox ( cont ’d ) into Wayne Tower , along with the water and power utility . make Wayne Tower the unofficial heart of gotham . Fox stop at a tall crate . check paperwork . open the crate : a bodysuit - clear silicone over jointed armor . fox ( cont ’d ) here it be : the nomex survival suit for advanced infantry . kevlar biweave , reinforce joint ... Wayne feel the fabric of the suit . wayne bullet - proof ? fox anything but a straight shot . wayne tear-resistant ? Fox hack at the suit with he pen - it do not even mark . fox this sucker 's 1ll stop a knife . wayne why do not they put it into production ? fox the bean counter figure a soldier 's life be not worth the 300 grand . Fox look at Wayne . suspicious . fox ( cont ’d ) what do you want with it , mr.wayne ? wayne I want to borrow it . for spelunk . ( off look ) you know , cave-dive . Fox shrug . put the lid back on the crate . ( continued ) 87 continued : ( 3 ) 51 . fox you get a lot of gunfire down in that cave ? wayne ( smile ) listen , I have rather mr.earle do not know about I borrow - fox Mr. Wayne , the way I see it ... Fox wave he arm , take in the enormous facility . fox ( cont ’d ) all this stuff be yours , anyway . int . cavern beneath wayne manor -- day 87 Wayne , high on the cavern wall , in climb harness , hammer a bracket into the rock secure a line of industrial lamp . wayne okay ! give it a try . Alfred throw a switch on a portable generator : the lamp flicker on , dimly lighting the length of one wall . Alfred peer at the damp , dingy surroundings . alfred oh , charming . Alfred see the bat cover the entire ceiling . alfred ( cont ’d ) at least you 'il have company . Wayne rappel to the cave floor , look up to a high corner : crumbling brickwork . Alfred follow he gaze . alfred ( cont ’d ) must be the lowest foundation of the Southeast wing . Wayne climb up : poke through the rock ceiling : the bottom of a wringht - iron spiral staircase . in the center of the spiral : a dumb-waiter lift , fall off its track . Wayne grab the chain of the lift , rattle they - send a wave echoing up into the darkness . ( continued ) 88 continued : ( 2 ) 52 . alfred ( cont ’d ) during the civil war you greatgrandfather be involved with the underground railroad . secretly transport freed slave to the North . I suspect this cavern come in handy . Wayne jump down . move to the small river . follow it where it disappear under rock . step over . Alfred wait . the roar of water get louder and the light get brighter . Wayne follow the tunnel around a dog leg , emerge ... behind the face of a waterfall . Wayne grin , hop along slick rock right up to the beautiful curtain of water . wayne ( awe ) Alfred , come up here . Alfred be twenty foot behind on the dry rock . alfred I can see it very well from here , thank - you , sir . Wayne , mesmerize , reach for water that be liquid light . int . unmarked police sedan -- evening 88 Gordon , now 46 and a detective , in the passenger seat . worn eye watch he partner , flass , 42 , glad -hand the owner of the liquor store they be park outside . flass squeeze into the drive seat hold a wad of cash . flass do not s’pose you want a taste ? Gordon look at flass , cold . flass shrug . count he money . flass ( cont ’d ) I keep offer ' cause who know , maybe one day you 'il get wise . gordon nothing wise in what you do , flass . flass yeah ? well , jimbo , you do not take you taste - make we guy nervous you might decide to roll over - ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 53. gordon ( irritate ) I be no rat , flass . ( calmer ) in a town this bent , who 's there to rat to , anyway ? flass laugh at this , hit the gas . 89 ext . rooftop , gotham -- continuous 89 move in on a rooftop balustrade to discover Wayne , wear the bodysuit , crouch , watch the police station across the street . he pull on a black balaclava . climb through the shadow use ninja spire on he hand and foot . 90 ext . police station -- moment later 90 Gordon slam the car door . watch flass pull away . weary . 91 int . gordon 's office -- continuous 91 Gordon slump into he chair , back to the window . reaches for the phone - notice a book sit on he desk : a old , wear copy of : " phylum peracopda : the twilight world of bat " . Gordon frown at the book , confuse . the light go out . wayne ( 0.s. ) do not turn around . Gordon freeze - Wayne be behind he , press a stapler between Gordon 's shoulder blade as if it be a gun . gordon what do you want ? wayne I have be watch . you be a good cop . one of the few . what would it take to get falcone ? Gordon narrow he eye , puzzle . gordon carmine falcone ? ( continued ) 92 93 continued : ( 2 ) 54 . wayne he bring in shipment of drug every week , nobody take he down . why ? gordon he 's pay up with the right people . wayne what would it take ? gordon leverage on judge phelan . and a d.a. brave enough to prosecute . wayne Rachel dodson in the d.a. 's office . gordon who be you ? wayne watch for a sign . gordon you be just one man ? wayne now we be two . gordon wwe ? no response . Gordon turn around . no one . he jump to the window - look down , look up : a shadow slip onto the roof - int . bullpen -- continuous 92 Gordon race across the bullpen , draw he gun , hit the stairwell - two uniform see he go , run after he . ext . rooftop -- continuous 93 Wayne move to the edge of the roof - the gap be too big - he turn back - the door smashes open : Gordon gun raised . gordon freeze ! Wayne race for the gap - leap ... drop fast ... miss the top story - grab the balcony below ... it break away - drop he onto the one below . wind , Wayne climb onto the wall . ( continued ) 94 continued : ( 2 ) 55 . from the other roof , Gordon watch Wayne melt into the shadow . the uniform arrive either side . uniform 1 the hell be that ? gordon ( dismissive ) some nut . but Gordon 's expression be less certain . int . earle 's office , wayne tower -- day 94 earle sit at he desk confer with two board member . board member be he take over ? earle not yet . I check the trust , and Bruce can not assume control until he thirtieth birthday . ( press intercom ) jessica , where 's that coffee ? board member but that 's in three month . earle we 'il have to move fast . board member 2 to do what ? earle a ipo . there 's nothing in Bruce 's trust to stop we take the company public ... we will have a offer ... board member ( get it ) and Bruce will become just another board member . earle precisely . we can not have some clown prince run thing . ( press intercom ) jessica ? no answer . earle step to the door and open it . his assistant be gone . so be the receptionist . 95 56 . ext . rooftop , wayne tower -- moment later 95 the swish - click of a titleist rocketing off the roof and out towards gotham River . Wayne stand behind the beautiful Assistant , hand on she hip , adjust she grip on a gold club . another young woman watch , lean on a driver . wayne keep you elbow in ... earle ( 0.s. ) lady ? they turn . earle be stand there . jessica sorry , mr.earle , Mr. Wayne insisted that all junior executive need to know how to play golf . earle junior executive ? who 's answer the phone ? Wayne smile pleasantly at earle . wayne this be Wayne industry , mr.earle - I be sure they 's 1l call back . Wayne unwrap himself from jessica and approach earle . wayne ( cont ’d ) ( conspiratorial ) I think a few promotion might be good karma forget my new job . earle smile patiently . earle of course , you be not actually start just yet , Bruce . not until you birthday . wayne ( grin ) Three month 's time - I be have a huge blowout and I expect everyone to be there . earle with bell on . how be thing down at apply Sciences ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 57 . wayne great - there 's some cool stuff down there . although that Mr. Fox go on a bit once you get he talk . earle take Wayne by the elbow , walk he away . earle since you be here , there be a business matter that I want to make you aware of ... Wayne assume a pose of seriousness . wayne Business ... sure . earle we have be think for some time about offer share ... I think the time be right . wayne offer share ? earle it 's just a way of raise capital for growth ... it 's important to I that the company be in great shape when you take over . consider it my legacy . Wayne nod . earle ( cont ’d ) well , I guess I have better go hire a new secretary and receptionist ... earle head to the door . Wayne smile , turn back to jessica . wayne right , who 's turn be it ? 96 ext . falcone 's basement club , dock area -- night 96 judge phelan exit the club , a girl on he arm . bouncer night , judge phelan . phelan turn , giddy with drink , put he finger to he lip . ( continued ) 97 98 continued : ( 2 ) 58 . phelan shhhhh . the girl giggle . phelan guide she into a wait limo . a STREET person come over to the rear window of the car knock . the driver get out . driver get lose ! the Driver kick the Street person away from the limo . a homeless man warming by a fire start shouting . it be the homeless man that Bruce give he coat to year before . the coat be wear but recognizable . homeless man leave he alone ! let he be ! the limo move off . Close on the Street person watch it leave . it be bruce . he glance down at a tiny camera in he lap . smile at the screen : phelan and the girl . int . bat cave -- day 97 Wayne place two bronze gauntlet on a trestle table . fire up a paint sprayer . start coating they matte black . int . same -- later 98 Wayne be show Alfred diagram . we catch only glimpse . alfred if we order the main part of this ... ( point ) ... cowl from Singapore - wayne via a shell corporation . alfred indeed . then quite separately , place a order through a chinese manufacturer for this - Alfred point at a diagram which look like a pair of horn . wayne ( nod ) put it together ourselves . ( continued ) 99 continued : ( 2 ) 59 . alfred precisely . of course , they 's 1ll have to be large order to avoid suspicion . wayne how large ? alfred say , ten thousand . wayne ( smile ) least we ’1ll have spare . int . applied science division -- morning 99 Fox , at he desk , watch Wayne approach . fox ( smile ) what 's it today ? more " spelunk " ? wayne sper-lunk . and no , today it 's base - jump . fox base-jump ? what , like parachute ? wayne I need some kind of lightweight grapple hook ... fox for what ? wayne base jump 's illegal - you can not just take the elevator . Fox shake he head at Wayne . get to he foot . they sit . fox we have get suction pad , grapples ... wayne any good ? ( continued ) 100 continued : ( 2 ) 60 . fox nope . but this thing 's pretty neat . Fox pull out a box . Inside : a bronze grappling gun and harness . fox ( cont ’d ) pneumatic . magnetic grapple . monofilament test to 350 pound . Wayne feel the weight . it be light . strong . he pick up the harness that go with it . shoulder strap with a wide , hi-tech belt . Wayne shove the back end of the gun into the belt buckle - it click into place . wayne too expensive for the army ? Fox take it back from Wayne . sardonic . fox guess they never think about marketing to the billionaire base - jump , spelunk market . wayne look , mr.fox , if you be uncomfortable - fox Mr. Wayne , if you do not tell I what you be really do , then when I get ask ... I do not have to lie . but do not treat I like a idiot . wayne ( nod ) Fair enough . Fox look at Wayne . think . fox come on , I 'il show you something . int . loading dock , applied science division -- later 100 Fox hand Wayne a sheet of black fabric . fox notice anything ? Wayne examine it , shrug . Fox put on a glove . ( continued ) 101 continued : ( 2 ) 61 . fox ( cont ’d ) memory fabric - dual layer polymer with variable alignment molecule . flexible ordinarily , but put a current through it ... Fox grab the fabric - which instantly pop into the rigid shape of a small one - man tent . Wayne raise he eyebrow . fox ( cont ’d ) ... the molecule align and become rigid . Wayne push on the tent , feel its strength , fascinate . wayne what kind of shape can you make ? Fox release the tent , which instantly collapse . fox it could be tailore to any structure base on a rigid skeleton . Wayne lift the black fabric , flicking it in a whipping motion . think . then he see something . some kind of vehicle , cover by a tarp . huge tire visible . wayne what 's that ? Fox , a twinkle in he eye , roll up the memory fabric . fox the tumbler ? oh , you would not be interested in that . Wayne shoot Fox a look , and we CUT to : p.0o.v. : racing along , inches above a test trackint . tumbler on test track -- moment later 101 Wayne pilot use aircraft-like control stick . Fox , in the passenger seat , hang on as Wayne push the vehicle ... the tumbler shoot past : low and wide , a cross between a lamborghini countach and a humvee . Sandy camouflage , stealthangled panell and variable - angle flap across the back . Fox shout over the noise of the engine . ( continued ) 102 103 104 continued : ( 2 ) 62. fox she be build as a bridge vehicle ! you hit that button - ( Wayne reach ) no , not now !! ( Wayne recoil ) it boost she into a rampless jump ! in combat , two of they jump a river towing cable , then you run a bailey bridge across ! damn bridge never work - but this baby work fine ! Wayne inspect the cockpit : a forward - sling " gunner 's " drive position between they leg , video screen , electronic control , window with head - up display . Wayne accelerate ... the tumbler tear down the straightaway , skid to a halt . int . tumbler -- continuous 102 Fox jolt with the stop . turn to Wayne , a little green . fox what do you think ? Wayne turn to Fox with a slight smile . wayne do it come in black ? int . bat cave -- day 103 Wayne take the hi-tech harness for the grapple and cut off the shoulder strap , leave a belt with sliding attachment . int . same -- later 104 Wayne lift a glove hand , metal contact on the fingertip . with he other hand , he pick up a fabric glove , ribbons dangle from each finger . he thrust the glove hand into the fabric glove - the ribbon shoot out - rigid finger extension like the skeleton of a bat 's wing . Wayne fan the projection , testing . 105 106 63. int . bat cave -- later 105 Close on : the cowl . Black , with a slight graphite sheen . Dramatic , iconic even without its ear . a baseball bat smashes into the crown , cracking it in two . Alfred pick the piece off the table , frowning . alfred problem with the graphite mixture , apparently . the next ten thousand will be up to specification . Wayne look up from adjust a servo-mounted microphone . wayne at least they give we a discount . alfred quite . in the meantime , might I suggest , sir , that you try to avoid landing on you head ? Wayne shoot Alfred a look . then fit the microphone into the horn - shape " ear " from the cowl . int . same -- later 106 Wayne grind metal at a lathe . Alfred approach with a thermos . Wayne stop grind , blows on he handiwork ... alfred why the design , master Wayne ? Alfred indicate the steel carve into a bat 's wing . wayne a man , however strong , however skilled , be just flesh and blood . I need to be more than a man . I need to be a symbol . alfred and why the symbol of the bat ? wayne bat frighten I . ( slight smile ) and it 's time my enemy share my dread . Wayne tilt the crude batarang , watch light dance across the brush steel . he throws it whistling into darkness ... 107 108 64 . int . falcone 's club , dock area -- night 107 judge phelan sit sandwich between two girl , drink and cigar in hand . he look up . phelan carmine ! where be you go ? falcone be put he coat on . falcone duty call . you have yourself a good time , judge . falcone turn to the club manager . leans in . falcone ( cont ’d ) if he 's too cheap to get a hotel , at least make he take he car around to the alley . ( shake he head ) no class . ext . dock -- continuous 108 down in the stack , thug unload box a open container . headlight light they up - everyone freeze . a sedan pull up . flass emerge . approach one of the thug hold a box . open it , yank out a stuffed toy . flass cute . flass rip open the toy , pull a plastic package from inside . flass ( cont ’d ) ( mock surprise ) oh ? what have we here ? nobody react . flass hand the toy back to the thug . flass ( cont ’d ) carry on , gent . flass head inside a massive warehouse to a set of office . 109 110 111 112 65 . int . office , dock -- continuous 109 flass enter . falcone sit at the desk . falcone you believe this hump , flass ? he indicate a thin man opposite . flass sit . flass Problem ? falcone crane here 's make insinuation . the thin man , crane , lean forward . a cold presence . crane insinuation ? well , let I be clearer - you step on the last shipment before you deliver it to I . you cut it with baby powder , and render it useless for my purpose . falcone stare at the slight man , incredulous . falcone ( furious ) flass , tell this guy what happen to people who talk to I this way . ext . falcone 's club , dock area -- continuous 110 judge phelan stumble out of the club with the girl . they pile into the wait limo . the Club manager gesture to the Driver to pull around into the alley . ext . alley , dock area -- continuous 111 the limo idle in the alley . int . limo -- continuous 112 the Driver pick he ear . the partition be close . the Driver examine he finger ... wham !!! a black shape land on the hood - the Driver 's eye go wide as - smash ! !!- a black -gloved fist shatter the windscreen and grab the Driver 's neck ... ( continued ) 113 114 115 continued : ( 2 ) 66 . in the back : phelan sit bolt upright . the girl look around , alarm . the partition slowly lower , revealing : batman . crouched like a dark animal on the hood - the Girls scream . ext . alley -- continuous 113 the homeless man look up from he brazier , curious . he see a dark shape on the hood of a limo , a long black cloak billowing out behind it ... scream echo through the alley ... int . limo -- continuous 114 phelan scramble back in he seat , whimper ... batman you have eat well ... as gotham have starve . batman 's eye stare out of the black cowl at phelan . batman ( cont ’d ) this change tonight . batman shoot up off the hood , bang onto the roof - ext . alley -- continuous 115 the homeless man stare open-mouthed at batman stand , iconic , on the roof of the limo , cloak billow ... batman turn he head towards the homeless man - batman Nice coat . - and fly up from the limo , disappearing into the shadow high above ... the homeless man look down at he coat , then back up to the shadow ... homeless man ( small ) thanks . 116 117 118 67 . int . office , dock -- continuous 116 crane look at falcone , matter - of -fact . crane I be aware that you be not intimidate by I , mr.falcone . but you know who we be work for ... and when he get here I do not think he 's go to want to hear that you have be endangering we operation just to filch a few dollar from you dealer . falcone he 's come to gotham ? crane soon . this be we last shipment . falcone shift , suddenly uneasy . ext . the stack -- continuous 117 a thug hand a box to a second thug , who walk away along the corridor of container . the first thug turn back to the darkness of the open container , reach in - he be yanked into the darkness with a echoing cry - second thug turn , stare uneasily down the deserve corridor to the black mouth of the open container ... second thug steiss ? no reply . he put down he box . draw he gun . a third thug come around the corner . third thug come on , we gotta - he see the second thug 's gun . draw he own . they move cautiously towards the open container ... ext . the stack -- continuous 118 the thug peer into the blackness of the open container - 119 120 68. behind they , a lamp hang above the corridor shatter , the thug turn , startle , to see another lamp shatter and go dark - they another and another , darkness advancing toward they ... int . office , dock -- continuous 119 falcone lift he hand in a gesture of peace . falcone there 's no need to argue - you can just test the stuff here and now . crane that 's why I come . flass toss the package onto the desk . ext . the stack -- continuous 120 as the close lamp shatter , a glint of metal drop to the ground ... the second thug bend , pick it up , staring ; a bat-shaped brush steel plate . the second thug look up , confuse , but the third thug be staring above he . second thug what ? the second thug look up himself : a dark shape hanging from a crane directly above he ... a giant bat , wing fold , head point towards the ground . second thug ( cont ’d ) what the hell - the bat drop - wing whip out , rigid - catch the air - flipping the shape downward - enveloping the second thug in darkness - the third thug bolt , racing between container , arm pumping - he sprint headlong down the narrow corridor , skid around a corner , race towards - blackness sideswipe the third thug , spinning he off he feet , whipping he into darkness with a piercing scream ... 1214 122 123 124 125 69 . ext . truck outside the stack -- continuous 1214 other thug react to the scream ... int . office , dock -- continuous 122 falcone and crane hear the scream . flass jump up . ext . the stack -- continuous 123 thug , gun draw , advance into the stack ... ext . the stack -- continuous 124 a fourth thug whip around a corner to see a jumpy thug cover the other end of the corridor ... the fourth thug nod , step backwards . movement in the shadow behind he ... batman be already in frame - he arm flash forward with he cloak , wrap the thug 's neck , yank he backwards into the shadow .. jumpy thug see the other thug disappear ... he open FIRE , strobing the stack , revealing indistinct glimpse of movement . elsewhere in the stack : thug react to the gunfire ... flass stand outside the stack , gun draw , listen . he move back into the office . int . office , dock -- continuous 125 falcone what the hell 's go on ?! flass look at falcone . flass you have get a problem out there . falcone reach behind the desk , pull out a shotgun . 126 127 128 70 . ext . the stack -- continuous 126 jumpy thug fire blindly at strobing shadow - glimpse of a dark cloak figure move from shadow to shadow . jumpy thug empty the clip . fumble for another as he look out into the darkness . jumpy thug where be you ?!!! a whisper word at he ear : batman here . batman 's face , upside down , at the thug 's shoulder - jumpy thug scream as he be engulfed by darkness - ext . outside the stack -- continuous 127 flass scuttle over to he car . crane pause , listen to the shout and gunfire . then move off into the night . ext . the stack -- continuous 128 falcone advance through the stack , shotgun in hand . he round a corner to find five thug , various weapon in hand , in a loose defensive ring , peer out into the darkness ... a shadow drop into the center of they ring - thug turn , shout , one swing a chain , another a knife - - batman duck the chain - sweep -kick the knife- wielder to the ground . chain swing again ... batman jump up , one leg low to let the chain wrap around he ankle - batman kick he leg sideways ripping the chain from its owner , then head butting he down - batman spin he chain - wrapped leg in a roundhouse kick , whipping three thug behind he in the fade with the chain . all three go down . the rest be unconscious or go . batman stand there , long cape billowing out to one side . the chain slide from he leg . falcone be behind he , shotgun aim dead at batman 's head . falcone what in God 's name be you ? ( continued ) 129 continued : ( 2 ) 71 . batman open he hand , revealing two shotgun cartridge . then turn , billow cape wrapping around he . batman I be batman . falcone pull the trigger . click . int . bedroom , rachel 's apartment -- later 129 Rachel toss , try to sleep , eye shut . voice ( 0.s. ) Rachel dodson . Rachel bolt upright , grasping at she bedside table . rachel who 's there ?!! she pull out a taser - peer into the shadow : silhouett by the window - a dark , cloak figure . batman . rachel ( cont ’d ) take one step , I drop you ! batman move he arm - something drop onto Rachel 's bed : a file , spilling photo . she flinch . glance down : photo of phelan and the girl in the limo . rachel ( cont ’d ) what the hell be this ? batman leverage . rachel what do I need leverage for ? batman to get thing move . rachel who be you ? batman someone like you . someone who ’1ll stand against the corruption . Rachel reach for the lamp , she eye off the window for the instant it take to illuminate the room , revealing - no one . 130 131 72 . ext . dock -- continuous 130 Gordon approach , coffee in hand : tied - up thug sit against the container full of drug . uniform hold back a line of PRESS , who snap away at the surreal scene . Gordon crouch to look at the thug , curious . uniformed cop ( 0.s. ) falcone 's man ? gordon ( shrug ) do it matter ? we 'il never tie he to it , anyway . uniformed cop ( 0.s. ) I would not be too sure of that . Gordon look up . the uniform cop be pointing . at a harbor light train on the heaven . Gordon rise , walk towards it . two cop stand there , staring : falcone be strapped to the light , unconscious , arm spread . coat ripped , hang from he arm in a strange pattern . cop 1 th hell be that ? look like ... Gordon follow they gaze up to where the beam of light cat falconea shadow onto the cloud . cop 2 like a bat . Gordon stare at the projection . it be a bat symbol . gordon cut he down . Gordon move away , thinking . something catch he eye : a block away . halfway up a building . a black flag blow in the wind ... not a flag .. a dark figure , wear a cape , sit on a ledge ... batman . watching . int . finch 's office -- morning 131 Rachel toss a newspaper onto finch 's desk , beaming . the front page : a huge photo of falcone strapped to the light . rachel no way to bury it now . ( continued ) 132 continued : ( 2 ) 73. finch maybe so , but there 's judge phelan - rachel I have get phelan cover . finch and this " bat " they be babbling about . Rachel break eye contact for a instant , uncomfortable . rachel even if this guy 'il swear in court to be thrash by a giant bat ... we have falcone at the scene - drug , print , cargo manifest - everything . finch consider . grin . finch damn right . let 's get fry . int . bullpen , police headquarters -- morning 132 loeb address captain , sergeant , lieutenant . Gordon at the back . loeb hold up the paper , smack the front page . loeb unacceptable . I do not care if it 's rival gang , Guardian angel or the goddamn salvation Army - get they off the street , and off the front page . captain simpson they say it be one guy ... or thing . loeb dipping into they own supply - it be some asshole in a costume . ( the room chuckle ) if it 's one guy , that 's 1ll make it a lot easier for you , will not it ? Gordon raise he hand . loeb nods , cautious . gordon this guy do deliver we one of the city 's biggest crime lord . ( continued ) 133 continued : ( 2 ) 74 , loeb ( glare ) no one take the law into they own hand in my city , understand ? int . master bedroom , wayne manor -- day 133 Alfred open the curtain . Wayne wake , squinting . wayne ( groggy ) bat be nocturnal . alfred bat , maybe ... but even for billionaire playboy , 3 o'clock be push it . the price of lead a double life , I fear . Alfred put down a tray : water , fruit , newspaper . alfred ( cont ’d ) you theatrics make a impression . wayne theatricality and deception be powerful weapon , Alfred . it 's a start . Wayne glance at the paper . get out of bed , bare - chest . Alfred see bruise across he torso and arm . alfred if that be to be the first of many injury ... it would be wise to find a suitable excuse . polo , for instance . Wayne throw Alfred a look . wayne I be not learn polo , Alfred . alfred strange injury , a nonexistent social life ... this thing beg the question of what , exactly , Bruce Wayne do with he time . and he money . Wayne consider this . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 75 . wayne what do someone like I do ? alfred ( shrug ) drive sport car , date movie star ... buy thing that be not for sale . Wayne look at Alfred . nod . downs the water , stand straight , foot together - fall forward to the floor - into he dizzyingly fast push-up . Alfred watch . concerned . alfred ( cont ’d ) who know , master Wayne - if you start pretend to have fun , you might even have a little by accident . 134 int . county jail , receiving -- day 134 crane , briefcase in hand , be buzzed through thick steel and glass door and meet inside by a prison official . they walk . prison official Dr. crane , thanks for come down ... crane not at all . so he cut he wrist ? prison official probably look for a insanity plea , but if anything happen ... crane of course , better safe than sorry . 135 int . interview room , county jail -- continuous 135 crane enter . falcone sit at a table , wrist bandage . crane place he briefcase on the table . falcone smile . falcone Doctor crane , it 's all too much , the wall be close in , blah , blah , blah . couple more day of this food , it 'il be true . crane what do you want ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 76 . falcone we get a lot to talk about . crane such as ? falcone such as , how you be gonna convince I to keep my mouth shut . crane about what ? you do not know anything . falcone I know you would not want the cop take a closer look at the drug they seize . crane react to this . falcone smile , enjoy the reaction . falcone ( cont ’d ) I know about you experiment on the inmate at you nuthouse ... ( off look ) I do not get into business with someone without find out they dirty secret . that goons you hire .. I own the muscle in this town . falcone lean forward . look crane in the eye . falcone ( cont ’d ) so what have I be bring in for you hide in my drug , crane ? crane if he want you to know he have have tell you himself . falcone shift slightly . falcone I have be smuggle you stuff in for month , so whatever he 's get plan , it 's big . and I want it . crane study falcone . consider . sigh . crane I already know what he will say ... that we should kill you . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 77 . falcone lean forward , glaring at crane with contempt . falcone even he can not touch I in here . not in my town . crane shrug . leans forward . pop the lock on he briefcase . smile at falcone . crane reach into he briefcase . Inside be a breathing apparatus attach to a small burlap sack mask . crane would you like to see my mask ? he pull the mask out of the case . hold it up . crane ( cont ’d ) I use it in my experiment . probably not very frightening to a guy like you . but that crazy ... falcone stare at crane , uneasy . crane put on the mask . it be a sack with eye hole and twine stitching for a mouth . crane ( cont ’d ) ... they can not stand it ... falcone when do the nut take over the asylum - whump - a cloud of white smoke shoot out of crane 's briefcase . falcone push he chair back , coughing , surprised . crane they scream and cry ... falcone look up at crane in he mask - through falcone 's eye : tiny lizard tongue flick out of the hole in crane 's mask . crane ( cont ’d ) ... much as you be do now . crane tower over falcone , flaming eye and flaming mouth ... falcone scream . 136 137 138 78. int . corridor outside interview room -- moment later 136 crane emerge with he briefcase . the prison official hover outside . scream echo from inside the room . crane oh , he 's not fake . not that one . the prison official nod gravely . crane lean in . crane ( cont ’d ) I 'il talk to the judge , see if I can get he move to the secure wing at arkham . I can not treat he here . ext . arctic ocean -- day 137 a coast guard helicopter touch down on the back of a heavily damage deserted cargo ship . two coast guardsmen with flashlight jump onto the deck of the ship to take a look around . baffle . the deck be line with hole . the Coast guardsman shine he light into a massive hole . int . earle 's office , wayne industries -- afternoon 138 earle be at he desk . a executive walk in , troubled . executive we have a situation . earle what kind of situation ? executive Coast guard pick up one of we cargo ship last night . heavily damage . Crew miss , probably ead . earle what happen ? executive ship be carry a prototype weapon . a microwave emitter ... 139 140 141 142 79 . ext . airbase -- morning ( flashback ) 139 army brass and scientist wait for a demonstration ... a industrial machine the size of a small van sit on the ground a hundred foot from a water tower ... executive ( v.0 . ) it 's design for desert warfare - it use focus microwave to vaporize the enemy 's water supply ... the scientist and brass don goggle . Fire up the machine ... the water tower start shaking ... then explode in a cloud of steam that drift towards the observer like fog . int . earle 's office , wayne industries -- continuous 140 executive it look like someone fire it up at sea - judge from the damage to the ship and cargo . earle what about the weapon ? the executive shift , uneasy . executive it 's miss . ext . HOTEL restaurant , downtown gotham -- evening 141 a bugati veyron ( look , and cost , a million ) pull up to the valet station . Wayne emerge , impeccably tailore , from the driver side . the valet scramble to the passenger side . open the door to find two blond , one on the other 's lap . ext . HOTEL restaurant -- continuous 142 tables around a decorative infinity pool . earle and he guest at a table . earle see Wayne enter with the blond . he sigh . then wave . 143 80 . ext . same -- later 143 the table be litter with bottle and empty plate . female guest at least he 's get something do . male guest Bruce , help I out here . Wayne turn from the blond . they stand up and walk over to the pool . Wayne smile , turn to the female Guest . wayne a guy who dress up like a bat clearly have issue . female guest but he put falcone behind bar - male guest and now the cop be try to bring he in , so what do that tell you ? female guest they be jealous ? Wayne watch as , behind they , one of the blond slip off she dress and lower herself into the pool ... the other one , giggle , follow she lead . wayne if he 's so benevolent why do he hide he face ? female guest maybe he 's protect the people he care about from reprisal . Wayne nod , consider . the maitre d' slide up , annoyed . maitre 's D Sir , the pool be for decoration , and you friend do not have swim wear . wayne well , they be european . ( continued ) 144 continued : ( 2 ) 81. maitre 's D I be go to have to ask you to leave . wayne ( turn to earle ) mr.earle , I be buy this hotel . will you please broker a deal ? earle nod . patiently . wayne ( cont ’d ) ( turn to maitre D 's ) I think we should make some new rule for the pool area , do not you ? the maitre d' stare at Wayne . dumbstruck . blond ( 0.s. ) Bruce ! the blond beckon Wayne . he come to the edge of the pool . wayne lady ? they splash he . earle turn away , shaking he head . behind he , out of focus , Wayne be pulled into the pool . ext . HOTEL -- later 144 Wayne and the blond , wet hair , in white HOTEL robe , wait . the valet pull up in the bugati . rachel ( 0.s. ) Bruce ? Wayne turn . Rachel be stand there , dress for dinner . stun . wayne Rachel . blond ( from car ) come on , Bruce . we have some more hotel we want you to buy . Rachel glance at the blond . then back to Wayne . ( continued ) 145 146 continued : ( 2 ) 82. rachel I have hear you be back . ( Wayne nod ) where be you ? wayne oh , kind of all over , you know . rachel ( tense ) no , Bruce , I do not . and neither do a lot of people . people who think you be probably dead . wayne you do not ? rachel I never quite give up on you . Wayne look at she . think . gesture towards the bugati . wayne Rachel , all that ... that 's not I , inside I be ... different . I be - rachel the same great little kid you use to be ? Bruce , deep down , you friend out there be great , too . it 's not who you be underneath ... ( poke he chest ) but what you do that define you . Rachel move past he . Wayne stand there , eye burn . int . gordon 's apartment -- evening 145 Gordon 's pregnant wife , barbara try to get they two - year old to eat . Gordon kiss she , pick up the trash . ext . back alley , gordon 's apartment -- continuous 146 Gordon stick the lid on the trash can . thunder roll around . flass ( 0.s. ) gonna rain , huh ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 83. gordon what do you want , flass ? flass , lean on he car , feign offence . pull a pint bottle from he pocket . flass how 's Barbara ? the kid ? Gordon take a drag , eyeing flass coldly . flass ( cont ’d ) another one on the way , right ? Big responsibility . and when you be on a big case like falcone ... lot of time away from here . gordon cut to it , flass . flass just say it 's good the case be clear cut - you 'il wrap it up easy . flass finish he bottle . throw it at the trash can . gordon you come around here make threat , pretend to be liquore up ... tell I you be scared . flass ( cold ) take care of yourself , pal . Gordon watch he head back to he car . batman ( 0.s. ) trouble ? Gordon look up : batman be crouch in the fire escape . gordon ( shrug ) the scum 's get jumpy because you stand up to falcone . batman it 's a start . you partner be at the dock with falcone . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 84. gordon he moonlight as a low - level enforcer . batman there be another man . test the drug . gordon ( surprised ) it be not a buy - why risk open a package on the dock ? batman flass know . gordon he will not talk . batman he ’1l1 talk to I . Gordon look up . Close on batman , in the shadow . gordon commissioner loeb set up a massive task force to catch you . he think you be dangerous . batman what do you think ? Gordon get to he foot , dust off he pants . gordon I think you be try to help ... Gordon look up . but batman be go . gordon ( cont ’d ) ... but I have be wrong before . 147 ext . cargo ship , dock -- night 147 Three men walk through the canyon of shipping container , check the tag with a flashlight . they stop at one . custom agent this be the one I be talk about . dock employee 1 what 's you problem with it ? ( continued ) 148 continued : ( 2 ) 85 . custom agent it should not exist . this ship leave Singapore with 246 container and arrive with 247 . probably dead illegal . you get a strong stomach ? they haul the door open . the custom agent look inside : a industrial machine the size of a small van . his torch pick out the wayne industries logo on the side . custom agent ( cont ’d ) what the hell be this thing ? behind he : dock employee 1 raise a silenced gun . fire . dock employee 2 help drag the body into the container . ext . falafel stand , surface STREET -- night 148 raining . flass stuff falafel into he mouth . grab a banknote from the vendor . flass walk down a dark street ... yanked from the pavement , he 's pulled up between building , falafel fall , up and up until face - to- face with . the batman . rain pour off he cowl . holding flass by he ankle . flass be scream . batman who be with falcone at the dock ? flass I do not know , I swear to God - batman swear to I . batman drop flass three flight down on the wire . pull taut - whip he back up . flass ( terrify whisper ) I never know he name ... never ... sometimes shipment go to this guy before they go to the dealer - batman why ? flass there be something else in the drug , something hide - ( continued ) 149 150 continued : ( 2 ) 86 . batman what ? flass I do not know - something ! I never go to the drop-off - it 's in the narrow - cop can not go into the narrow except in force ... batman batman can . ext . the narrow -- night 149 a island in gotham river : a ramshackle labyrinth of crumble public housing , makeshift addition growing like fungus around a insane asylum . a wall city . slick with rain . batman land , crouching , look at the window of a warehouse build around the support of the monorail track . ext . warehouse , shanghai -- moment later 150 batman slip through a louver , drop silently to the floor amidst . by the freight elevator be a massive shipping crate . batman leap up onto its lid - pries it open . Inside : the industrial machine the size of a small van . batman see the wayne industries logo and a number : m-emit.42b noise . batman melt into the shadow . three men enter . two be the dock employee . the third be crane . dock employee 1 the boss want you to keep it in the asylum until the time come . crane Fine , leave the body . torch the place . no trace . the thug pull the custom agent 's body out then push the crate onto the elevator . crane notice rain spattering off the open louver . he step towards it . thug 2 turn from the elevator hold a molotov cocktail . light it - a cord wrap around the bottle - yank it into the shadow . its fuse be extinguished . the thug stare at the darkness . ( continued ) 151 continued : ( 2 ) 87 . batman rip from the shadow - thug 1 pull a gun - batman smashes he arm to the ground . thug 2 move in from the side - be dropped by a fast elbow to the neck . batman turn to crane - now wear he mask . carne 's hand flash towards batman , who dodge a small puff of smoke . batman move for crane - cough , choke - lose balance - gasping ... batman look at crane , see a monster : flaming eye , elongated limb , spinning like a dervish ... batmen reel , in the throw of a hallucination . crane smashes the bottle over he , soaking he with gasoline ... batman lurch for the window , image assaulting he mind : insert CUT : bat explode from the dark crevice - batman turn to crane . who hold a flaming lighter . crane ( cont ’d ) need a light ? crane toss the lighter at batman ... who burst into flame . insert CUT : ra 's Al ghul open he BOX - bat burst forth - batman , in flame , spin - leap desperately at the window - ext . warehouse , the narrow -- continuous 151 batman smashes through the window , cloak ablaze ... falling ... try to activate he cloak - but only get one side to pop OPEN ... the deploy wing cause he to spiral - insert CUT : Young Bruce falling , falling in the well shaft - batman plummet , trail flame , unopened wing fluttering with the violent flapping of - bat : screeching , flapping , fluttering darkness ... batman 's stiff wing hook a railing - slow he with a joltrip - dropping he to the ground with a crash ... Young Bruce hit the dirt at the bottom of the shaft - ... and a sizzle , as wet pavement damp the flame , groaning , batman roll he burn batsuit along the asphalt . ( continued ) 152 153 continued : ( 2 ) 88. batman , smolder , lurch into a alley , raise he grapnel gun , fire up at the enclose roof - ride up - punch he way through wire and metal , crawl onto he back , staring up at the skyscraper of gotham . rain blur he vision . insert cut : Young Bruce watch he Father crumple - batman fumble at he belt . pull out a tiny phone . batman ( hoarse ) Alfred ?! Alfred ?! int . roll -- later 152 Alfred drive , look through the rear-view mirror at batman , who lie in the back , flinching at invisible antagonist . batman blood ! Alfred ?! blood ! a sample - take a sa - sample - poison ... to batman - the car be filled with bat ... mefistofle rise ... Young Bruce in the throw of he panic attack gulp AIR - turn to he Father , look he in the eye and condemn he - young bruce ( shouting ) we have to go now , dad !! Young Bruce drag he parent from they seat ... int . master bedroom , wayne manor -- morning 153 Wayne awake . shiver . red-ey from cry . Alfred sit at he bedside , watch over he . wayne ( hoarse ) how long do I sleep ? alfred two day . it 's you birthday . wayne it be some kind of gas ... I only breathe the slight amount ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 89 . alfred I dread to think , sir , what would have happen if you have have a lungful . wayne I have feel that effect before ... but this be much more potent . alfred I take a blood sample and send it to a laboratory know discreet both discreet ... ( hand Wayne paper ) ... and prompt bloodwork bruce ( read ) protein-based compound ... might be possible to work up a antidote . alfred shall I contact Wayne pharmaceutical ? bruce I have get a better idea . 154 int . applied science division -- day 154 Fox look over the toxicology report . look up at Wayne . fox this be in you blood ? wayne it 's some kind of weaponize hallucinogen . administer in aerosol form . fox Mr. Wayne , you be definitely hang out at the wrong club . wayne could you synthesize a antidote ? fox well , the hallucinatory compound can be balanced ... but this receptor 's a compound I have never see before . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 90 . wayne ( reach for paper ) so you can not . fox ( snatch it away ) do I say that ? I just want you to know how hard it 's gonna be . Fox put the report on he desk . wayne do you know what a Wayne industry m-emit42b be ? fox no . but she will ... Fox start type on he computer . fox ( cont 'd ) oh . wayne what ? fox it will not tell we ... ( turn to Wayne ) it must be a defense prototype . wayne could you find out ? fox I x11 make a couple call ... I still have a couple friend in defense . 155 int . d.a. 's office -- afternoon 155 Gordon find it . knock . Rachel look up from she desk . rachel sergeant Gordon ? gordon councilor . thanks for see I . Gordon enter , shut the door behind himself . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 91 . gordon ( cont ’d ) ( they shake hand ) will finch go the distance on falcone ? rachel he 'il have to because of the press . gordon what about judge phelan ? rachel someone give I leverage . gordon who ? rachel I have rather not say . gordon ( shrug ) there 's a loose thread on the falcone case - I want to see what unravel higher up . I be tell you can be trust . rachel who tell you that ? gordon ( smile ) I have rather not say . Rachel look at Gordon , size he up . rachel Gordon , we be work for a mask vigilante . maybe from a rival gang . gordon my gut say he 's okay . and he 's get thing move in this town . rachel and when he get bolder with success ? go too far ? gordon councilor , this guy take down a dozen of gotham 's most vicious wiseguy single - hand and without kill one of they - he 's plenty bold already . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 92 . rachel if he take a life ... it 's on we . Gordon look at she . nod . a knock at the door . Wayne put he head around the door . Rachel stare at he . wayne I be sorry , I ’1l1 come back . gordon I be just leave , mr.wayne . wayne I be sorry , have we ..? gordon Gordon . sergeant . no , I just recognize you . from you picture . Wayne nod . Gordon look at Rachel , nod goodbye . rachel ( cold ) what do you want , Bruce ? wayne I want to invite you a party - rachel a party . great . just what I need ... wayne today 's my birthday . and I want to apologize . rachel you do not owe a apology , Bruce . you be who you be . it 's simple . I do not have the right to expect anything more . wayne I think you could never quite give up on I . rachel be the party at the house ? I miss it . wayne I hate the place . I have tear it down if I could . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) 93. rachel ( appal ) Bruce , do not say that . wayne the place be nothing without the people who make it what it be . now there 's only Alfred . rachel and you . Rachel look at he . a assistant stick she head in . assistant it 's falcone . they move he to arkham asylum on suicide watch . rachel who authorize that ?! assistant judge bentley , on the advice of the head psychiatrist , dr.jonathan crane . Rachel start get she thing together . rachel get crane there right now - do not take no for a answer ... and call dr.lehmann , we 'il need we own assessment on the judge 's desk by morning . the Assistant nod , leave . Rachel head for the door . rachel ( cont ’d ) guess I will not make you party ... wayne you be go to arkham now ? it 's in the narrow , Rachel . Rachel give he a look . rachel you have yourself a great time - some of we have work to do . she hurry past he . stops. turn . look at he , softer . ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 160 continued : ( 5 ) 94 . rachel ( cont ’d ) happy birthday , Bruce . she race down the step . Wayne watch she go , think . int . MAIN hall , wayne manor -- later 156 Wayne hurry through the hall . Alfred in pursuit . tables of food and decoration fill the hall . alfred but master Wayne , the guest will be arrive . Wayne turn . wayne keep they happy until I arrive . tell they that joke you know . Wayne hurry off . Alfred watch he go , exasperate . int . study -- continuous 157 Wayne step to the piano , hit 4 note - the bookcase swingsopen . Wayne step through . int . stone staircase -- continuous 158 Wayne descend . arrive at the top of a wringht iron spiral staircase , step onto the dumb waiter at its center . Wayne pull a lever , releasing the lift which plummet vertiginously down the CENTER of the spiraling stair . int . batcave -- continuous 159 the lift hit the bottom with a great rattle of crime . Wayne move to a padlocked BOX . open it : the bat suit hang there - a phantom , black eye staring back at he . he reach for it . ext . arkham asylum , the narrow -- evening 160 Rachel 's car cross the bridge to the narrow . 161 162 163 95 . int . crane 's office , arkham asylum -- moment later 161 Rachel sit in front of crane at he desk .. crane Ms. dodson , there 's nothing to add to the report I file with the judge . rachel well , I have question about you report . ( off look ) such as , be it unusual for a 58 - year old man with no history of mental illness to have a complete psychotic break ? crane yes . but this be a mental asylum for the criminally insane . the unusual be usual here . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 162 the glowing window of crane 's office . batman , crouch on adjust mike in the ear of he cowl . int . crane 's office -- continuous 163 rachel but be not it convenient for falcone to suddenly develop this symptom when he 's about to be indicted ? crane there 's nothing convenient about he symptom , miss dodson . ( smile , sympathetic ) look , I doubt we be even suppose to be have this conversation , but off the record ... crane rise , motion . 164 165 166 96 . int . corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 164 a orderly talk to a nurse . crane lead Rachel past . crane we be not talk about a few easily - manufacture eccentricity . crane stop at a door . motion Rachel to look : falcone strapped to the bed . he stare at the door , mumble . falcone scarecrow ... s-scarecrow ... s- s... rachel what 's " scarecrow " ? crane patient suffer delusional episode often focus they paranoia onto a external tormentor , usually one conform to the jungian archetype . ( shrug ) in this case , a scarecrow . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 165 batman , upside down , cling to the wall above the window at the end of the corridor . he rack audio focus through the orderly 's conversation , settling on crane 's voice . int . corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 166 Rachel look at falcone , mumble , delusional . rachel he 's drugge . crane ( nod ) psychopharmacology be my primary field - I be a strong advocate . crane turn to falcone . stare . crane ( cont ’d ) outside , he be a giant . in here , only the mind can grant you power . ( continued ) 167 168 169 continued : ( 2 ) 97 . rachel you enjoy the reversal . crane ( shrug , smile ) I respect the mind 's power over the body . it 's why I do what I do . rachel ( hard ) and I do what I do to put scum like falcone behind bar , not in therapy . I want my own psychiatric consultant to have full access to falcone , include bloodwork to find out exactly what you have he on . crane stare at she . shrug . int . elevator -- continuous 167 crane step in , Rachel follow . he put a key into the panel . crane first thing tomorrow , then . rachel tonight . I have already page dr.lehmann over at County General . crane turn the key . crane as you wish . the elevator descend . the door open onto : int . deserted wing , sub - level arkham asylum -- continuous 168 a long , decrepit corridor . Water drip , clearly disus . crane step off the elevator . Rachel follow , perturb . int . abandoned refectory -- continuous 169 Rachel follow crane into a vast room : tables stretch off into the room , cover in bag of powder , scale , aluminum barrel and dozen of inmate work the powder , refining it . ( continued ) 170 171 172 continued : ( 2 ) 98 . armed thug look up , curious . crane survey the room . crane this be where we make the medicine . perhaps you should have some . clear you head . he turn , but Rachel be go . crane smile ... int . derelict corridor , disuse wing -- continuous 170 Rachel race into the elevator ... int . elevator -- continuous 171 Rachel hit the 2nd floor button . nothing . she hit all the button , floor the alarm ... all dead without the key . the door open to crane 's masked face . he reach out - crane boo . a small puff of gas spray from he sleeve . Rachel recoil , cough , choke . she look up at crane : the eyehole of the burlap mask be flaming . Rachel scream . int . abandoned refectory , arkham asylum -- continuous 172 the thug drag Rachel into the room . the inmate stare blankly , clearly drugge . crane turn Rachel 's reluctant face to look up at he mask . she gulp panic breaths - crane who know you be here ? Rachel shake she head . crane ( cont ’d ) who know ?! ! Rachel pull away , burying she head in she arm . the light go out . the thug look around , unnerve . crane pull off he mask . ( continued ) continued : the thug the first ( 2 ) 99 . crane ( cont ’d ) ( fascinate ) he 's here . first thug who ? crane the batman . exchange nervous glance . first thug what do we do ? crane what anyone do when a prowler come around . ( off look ) call the police . thug look at crane . second technician you want the cop here ? crane at this point , they be irrelevant . but the batman ... he have a talent for disruption . let the cop wrangle he . crane ( cont ’d ) Force he outside , the police will take he down . ( indicate inmate ) get they out of here . first thug ( indicate Rachel ) what about she ? crane she 's go . I give she a concentrate dose . the mind can only take so much . second thug the thing they say about he ... can he really fly ? 173 174 100 . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 173 batman 's cape flutter as he swing down two storey , landing at the high window of the derelict corridor . int . abandoned refectory -- continuous 174 third thug I hear he can disappear - crane back into the shadow , smile at the third thug . crane we 'il find out , will not we ? the thug move either side of the door ... glass smashes , across the room - a shadow drop from a high window . Rachel scream . the two thug advance through the darkness . second thug be grabbed from above - pulled up , scream , into the blackness of the rafter . the first thug peer up into the darkness , gun aim . a shadow descend , shout - first thug fire - the shadow crumple onto he . it be the second thug- first thug roll the body off , scramble to he foot - batman strike he from behind , knocking he unconscious . siren outside , close . batman look at Rachel - crane burst from the shadow , arm high , aim at batman 's face - batman grab he arm , ducking away from the puff of gas from crane 's sleeve ... batman spin crane , ripping off he mask , wrench he arm around to he own face , rip crane 's jacket open and pull out the bladder full of toxin . batman taste of you own medicine , doctor ? crane 's eye go wide as batman squeezy the bladder and a choke cloud of dust spray into crane 's face ... crane fall to the ground , choking . batman turn he over , pull he face up to meet he . batman ( cont ’d ) who be you work for ?! crane 's eye be wide with terror . ( continued ) 175 continued : ( 2 ) 101 . batman be a death 's head - black eye , fang . crane ra 's ... ra 's ... Al ghul ... batman react , pull crane tighter . batman ra 's Al ghul be dead , crane ! who be you really work for ? crane ! ! ! but crane just stare at he , eye glazing - mind flyingimage cascading through he fevere brain ... crane smile . crane Dr. crane be not here right now , but if you have like to make a appointment - siren outside . batman turn to Rachel . through she eye : batman be a tower horned , winged demon ... Rachel lash out at the demon with all she might ... batman apply a grip to she neck that render she unconscious . cop ( over bullhorn ) batman . put down you weapon and surrender . you be surrounded . batman rise , carry Rachel . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 175 police car surround the building . cop have gun draw , waiting . staff emerge , blink , from the darken asylum . flass and Gordon arrive . flass shout at the uniform : flass what be you wait for ?! uniformed cop backup . flass backup ?! flass gesture at the dozen police car outside the building . ( continued ) 176 177 178 179 180 181 continued : ( 2 ) 102 . uniformed cop the batman 's in there . swat 's on the way , but if you want to go now ... ( smile ) I be right behind you , sir . flass turn to Gordon . shrug . flass swat 's on the way . Gordon shake he head . approach the front door . int . derelict corridor , disuse wing -- continuous 176 batman carry Rachel , cloak billowing in he wake . int . lobby , arkham asylum -- continuous 177 Gordon move through the dark , gun draw , eye flicking to terrify nurse who make they way to the front door . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 178 swat officer pour out of van , race up the front step . int . corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 179 Gordon try the elevator - it be dead . he enter the stair . int . lobby , arkham asylum -- continuous 180 the swat team burst in - flashlight on rifle scan the darkness ... int . stairwell , arkham asylum -- continuous 181 Gordon lock down the stairwell - the way down to the disus wing be fence off . he head up - and be grabbed and swung out into the stairwell . batman hold he as they rocket upward . gordon what -! ( continued ) 182 183 continued : ( 2 ) 103 . batman cover Gordon 's mouth - down below : the door smashes OPEN - swat team light cross the darken stairwell . batman pull Gordon into the rafter . Gordon turn , furious - see : Rachel . lying in a storage space / open attic . twitch : gordon ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) what 's happen to she ? batman crane poison she with he toxin . he be the third man at the dock . gordon let I take she down to the medic - batman they can not help she . but I can . the light come on - bleach the stairwell - batman , Rachel and Gordon be in the shadow of the attic . batman reach down to he boot . press a switch in the heel , produce a barely audible high - frequency whine . batman ( cont ’d ) ( indicate Rachel ) I need to get she the antidote before the damage become permanent . gordon how long do she have ? batman not long . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 182 a strange squealing SOUND rise . flass look around , curious . a dark cloud cross the moon ... not a regular cloud ... int . stairwell , arkham asylum -- continuous 183 batman get she downstairs , meet I in the alley on the narrow side . ( continued ) 184 185 186 187 continued : ( 2 ) 104 . gordon how will you get out ? batman ( indicate he boot ) I call for backup . crane 's be refining he toxin , stockpile it . gordon what be he plan ? batman I do not know , but he 's be work for someone else . Gordon frown at the loud squealing noise . gordon what be that ? batman backup . ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 184 flass scream - cop dive for cover as bat - thousand upon thousand - descend on the asylum , heading for the window - int . corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 185 window shatter inward as bat pour into the building - ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 186 Gordon cover Rachel as he carry she down the step . int . arkham asylum -- continuous 187 bat flood into the bright stairwell , soaring up past the cower swat , a black Mass rising , darkening the stairwell . batman amidst the bat . calm . pull the sounder out of he heel , lean over the stairwell and drop it ... bat cyclone down the stairwell , following the signal . batman jump into the center of the black cyclone - hidden falling ... 188 189 190 105 . int . corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 188 batman open he cloak with a jolt - land hard . he move calmly through the bat , slip past cowering swat , move past cell door . inmate stare , wide - eye out they window as he pass . batman turn to a cell door , pull a small package out of he utility belt ... int . cell -- continuous 189 two inmate flinch as the door lock blast open and the door be kicked in- batman stride across the cell between they ... batman Excuse I - and blast the window of they cell . he slide out ... one inmate turn to the other . lunatic what have I tell ya ? ext . side STREET -- continuous 190 Gordon lower Rachel to the asphalt . she stir . batman ( 0.s. ) how be she ? Gordon look up to see batman stand there . a searchlight from a chopper blast they . batman grab Rachel . Gordon point back to the street . gordon take my car . batman I buy mine . batman have disappear into the dark end of the alley . gordon your ? blinding headlight flare . a massive engine roar - Gordon dive out of the way as - the batmobile come fly out of the darkness ... the matteblack , muscularity of the stealth - finish " car " blows by . Gordon 's jaw drop . ( continued ) 191 192 193 194 195 196 continued : ( 2 ) 106 . gordon ( cont ’d ) I gotta get I one of that . int . batmobile -- continuous 191 batman drive . Rachel , coming to , hang on , terrified . a cop car pull across the alley - batman hit the accelerator . ext . alley -- continuous 192 the batmobile speed towards the cop car - int . cop car -- continuous 193 the cop gawp at the batmobile , bracing - ext . alley -- continuous 194 the batmobile smashes into the cop car , huge front tire crushing the bonnet , bouncing the batmobile right over the cop car in a messy display of brute force . ext . surface street , gotham -- continuous 195 the batmobile tear leave , and accelerate down the street ... int . crushed cop car -- continuous 196 the cop be scrunch down . one of they grab the radio . cop 1 he 's in a vehicle ! dispatcher ( over radio ) make and color ? cop 1 it 's a black ... ( turn to partner . who shrug ) ... tank . dispatcher ( over radio ) tank ? 197 198 199 200 201 202 107 . ext . surface street , gotham -- continuous 197 the batmobile weave around traffic , dodging freeway support . int . batmobile -- continuous 198 Rachel brace against the dash , breathing fast , stare at the road ahead ... through she eye : speed : pure , visceral sensation - light streaking , column flashing past at unthinkable velocity - batman you have be poison . stay calm . he look at a intricate gps display , then at the road ahead . ext . surface street , gotham -- continuous 199 the batmobile race along - jump light , nimbly dodging through the cross-traffic . two cop Cars join the pursuit from the cross street , light blazing , siren blaring . int . batmobile -- continuous 200 batman spot the cop on a rear-view monitor , flip a switch . ext . surface street , gotham -- continuous 201 the batmobile drop spike strip onto the road ... the cop Cars hit they - tire explode - rim light SPARKS as they grind , skid sideways , one lay into the other . up ahead : the batmobile slalom outside of the freeway support , roll over the sidewalk , nip back into the roadway . int . cruiser -- continuous 202 a impatient cop be on the radio . cop 3 at least tell I what it look like ... his eye widen : the batmobile roar past . a shadowy monster . ( continued ) 203 204 205 206 207 208 continued : ( 2 ) 108 . cop 3 ( cont ’d ) never mind . ext . surface street , gotham 203 the batmobile come out from under the elevate freeway and be hit by a spotlight from a chopper . int . batmobile -- continuous 204 batman glance at a row of button - each one a tiny screen show different view . batman push one - that view flick onto the main display . Rachel be hyperventilating . batman breath slowly . Close you eye . she do so . for a instant . rachel that 's worse ! ext . street , gotham -- continuous 205 Three cop Cars pull across the intersection in a roadblock . int . batmobile -- continuous 206 batman spot the roadblock in front . touches the gps screen - the map become three-dimensional ( height of building , level of street ) . batman skid into a turn - ext . surface street , gotham -- continuous 207 the batmobile skid through the entrance to a multi-level parking garage - taking out the ticket machine and barrier . int . parking garage -- continuous 208 the batmobile race upwards through the structure , the car 's enormous width taking out pillar at every turn . 209 210 211 212 213 109 . int . batmobile -- continuous 209 Rachel flinch away from the pillar - rachel what be you do ?! ! batman shortcut . int . parking garage -- continuous 210 cop Cars smash into downed pillar in the batmobile 's wake . ext . roof , parking garage -- continuous 211 the batmobile roar out onto the top level , and be lit up by the chopper . the batmobile reverse into a spot mark " compact " , crushing the car either side , then race forward ... cop Cars emerge onto the roof , blocking the only way down ... the batmobile screech to a halt - int . batmobile -- continuous 212 batman glance at he 3 -d gps . then look at Rachel . cop 3 ( over loudspeaker ) turn off you engine ! she recoil , terrified by he mask , claw at she harness . batman put he glove hand on she frantic arm . batman trust I . batman slide into the front drive position , body prone as if riding a motorcycle , head in a glass pod between the front wheel . he hit a button . ext . roof , parking garage -- continuous 213 cannon emerge from the nose of the batmobile - blasting the far wall ... the massive jet engine at the back ignite , its mouth adjusting ... flap on the front and rear of the car , flare out like a python spread its neck ... 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 110 . the cop stare . the batmobile rocket forward ... head for the gap in the far wall ... accelerate ... int . batmobile -- continuous 214 Rachel scream - batman hit another button - ext . roof , parking garage -- continuous 215 a inverted spoiler jam into the airstream at the front of the car , bumping it just off the ground , a rampless jump - ext . rooftop -- continuous 216 the batmobile jump off the parking garage , soar over a thirty - foot gap to land heavily on a neighbor flat roof . the cop stare at one another , open-mouthed . int . batmobile -- continuous 217 batman yank the steering leave , hit the boost - ext . rooftop -- continuous 218 the batmobile turn - rocket for the edge of the roof ... shoot over the gap to the next roof , chopper in pursuit . int . batmobile -- continuous 219 batman check he 3-d gps , rocket forward , aim at the next roof , a pitched chateau - style tile roof . ext . street below -- continuous 220 Corp Cars shoot along , parallel the rooftop chase ... from below : the chopper swoops low over the building ... a glimpse of the batmobile as it leap across to the next building ... cop 4 ( over radio ) we be on he , we be on he ... 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 111 . ext . rooftop -- continuous 221 the batmobile land on the pitched roof , racing along at a precarious angle , tile sliding off the roof in its wake . int . batmobile -- continuous 222 batman 's forward - sling position be gyroscopically balanced - he be the only vertical element in the angle car . ext . rooftop -- continuous 223 chase by the low-flying chopper , the batmobile swerve up over the gable , roof crumbling in its wake , racing for the end of the roof which parallel a elevate freeway . the batmobile rocket forward - jump the last gable ... drop onto the elevate freeway , traffic swerving to avoid it . ext . surface street -- continuous 224 cop Cars see the batmobile disappear onto the freeway above . cop 4 dammit ! int . batmobile -- continuous 225 batman 's display show a radar sweep and plot a course through the differ speed of the lane . he pilot , leaning leave and right like a motorcyclist ... ext . freeway -- continuous 226 the batmobile swerve - the chopper 's light stay train . traffic get heavier . cop Cars be close in from behind ... int . batmobile -- continuous 227 batman lift himself back into the rear drive position - throttles back - kill all the light , and the engine . 228 229 230 231 232 233 112 . ext . freeway -- continuous 228 the batmobile drop back , dark ... the chopper lose it . the batmobile cruise across the lane , a wraith . int . batmobile -- continuous 229 silence , but for the steady whine of the electric motor . Rachel breathes in the sudden quiet . eye flicker . ext . freeway heading out of gotham -- continuous 230 the batmobile slice across lane , a shadow only visible breaking the glare of other car 's headlight . the cop Cars pull forward , drive parallel , a empty lane between they . int . batmobile -- continuous 231 Rachel stare at batman in the intimate quiet . her eye be glaring . her breathe be shallow . batman quiet ( stay with I . ) int . cop car -- continuous 232 the cop turn leave to look at the other cop car . cop 3 where have he -? he see , between he car and the next , a black shape . cop 3 ( cont ’d ) there he be ! int . batmobile -- continuous 233 the spotlight hit the car- batman hit a button - the main engine roar to life - batman slip into the prone position - Hit the boost . 234 235 236 237 238 239 113. ext . freeway -- continuous 234 the batmobile shoot forward from between the two cop Cars . int . cop car -- continuous 235 the batmobile 's jet wash blast the windscreen , shatter it , the cop throw he hand in front of he face - ext . freeway -- continuous 236 the cop car spin out of its lane , slamming into the guard rail as the batmobile race ahead , weaving through traffic . the batmobile slide onto a tightly - curving exit ramp ... fly off the ramp , jumping down onto the frontage road below . int . batmobile -- continuous 237 batman kill the light , run on night vision . Rachel 's eye flicker at the eerie green view of ghostly tree , she breathe faster and still more shallow . batman hold on . just hold on . batman yank a lever - ext . SMALL turnoff -- continuous 238 a ground anchor dig into the road , whipping the batmobile right in a hard turn , down a small turnoff ... the chopper lose the batmobile , pursue cop Cars blaze past the turnoff . int . batmobile -- continuous 239 Rachel , cry , look at the monstrous shape of the tree : flickering , jag tree shape spin past dizzyingly batman Rachel ? Rachel ?! no reply . up ahead : a lookout over a river gorge . batman push the batmobile , speed towards the lookout . Rachel 's glaze eye register the danger - she twist , panicked ... 240 241 242 243 244 245 114 . ext . wooded path -- continuous 240 the batmobile rocket off the edge of the lookout , over the gorge , flying straight at the face of a waterfall . int . batmobile -- continuous 241 Rachel scream as they splash into the face of the waterfall - int . cavern -- continuous 242 - and emerge through the curtain of water into the batcave . the batmobile 's ground anchors hook a steel cable , spin a inertia reel bolt to the cave wall , yanking the car to a halt like a jet landing on a aircraft carrier . int . batmobile -- continuous 243 Rachel bounce in she seat . passed out . int . batcave -- continuous 244 the canopy of the batmobile hiss open in three complex section , like insect wing imploding . batman lift Rachel from the cockpit , step down onto wet shale ... carry she into the damp blackness of the cavern . cloak billowing in he wake , he head for the glow of he work table . gently lay Rachel on the table . rack up the scaffold to he computer station . a container sit there with paperwork from Fox . batman open it , remove a vial . he plug it into a pneumatic syringe , put the syringe between he tooth - glide off the scaffold , landing beside Rachel . he inject she in the biceps . batman step back , watch Rachel 's breathe slow . int . abandoned refectory , arkham asylum -- continuous 245 Gordon survey the scene : cop and swat dig through the mess , interview inmate and sifting rubble . a detective sit in a cell doorway examine crane 's mask . crane be huddle in the corner , staring . ( continued ) 246 247 continued : ( 2 ) 115 . gordon be he cooperate ? detective if by cooperate you mean chew he way through three set of restraint , then yes , he 's cooperate . do we catch the batman ? Gordon try not to smile . gordon nope . a cop hurry over . cop Sir , there 's something you should take a look at ... int . derelict bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 246 tile bath and hydrotherapy equipment . a pool in the center . the cop lead Gordon to the edge ... a massive hole have be dig through the bottom . dozen of aluminum barrel sit alongside . Gordon climb down , peer into the hole ... a torrent of water run at the bottom . gordon look like they tapped the main ... Gordon look at the dozen of aluminum barrel . realizing . gordon ( cont ’d ) get I somebody at the water board ! int . batcave -- later 247 Rachel 's eye flicker open to the cavernous damp darkness . she see bat bang high above . close she eye again . rachel ( under she breath ) oh. my. god. batman ( 0.s. ) how do you feel ? his voice echoes as if speak from al shadow at once . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 116 . rachel ( hoarse ) where be we ? nothing . rachel ( cont ’d ) why do you bring I here ? batman if I have not ... you mind would now be lose . you be poison . Rachel think .. , concentrate .. , remember . rachel I remember ... nightmare . this ... face , this ... mask . ( realize ) crane . it be crane - Rachel struggle off the table , try to stand . rachel ( cont ’d ) I have to tell the police - we have get - she slip - batman be there , catch she . batman rest. Gordon have crane . in he arm she look up at he - he lay she gently back onto the table . retreat into shadow . rachel be sergeant Gordon you friend ? batman I do not have the luxury of friend . Rachel watch this dark shadow hover just outside the light . rachel why do you save my life ? batman gotham need you . rachel and you serve gotham ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 117 . batman I serve justice . Rachel stare at the solitary shadow . fascinate . pity . rachel perhaps you do . batman step into the light . holding a pneumatic syringe and two vial . Rachel stare at he . batman I be go to give you a sedative . you 's 11 wake up back at home ... batman hold up the two vial . batman ( cont ’d ) and when you do , get this to Gordon , and Gordon alone . trust no one . rachel what be they ? batman the antidote . one for Gordon to inoculate himself , the other to start mass -production . batman hand Rachel the vial . she look at he , curious . batman ( cont ’d ) crane be just a pawn . he be work for someone else . rachel ( remember ) ghul ... something Al ghul ... batman ra 's Al ghul . it 's not he . he 's dead . rachel how do you know ? batman I watch he die . batman approach with the syringe . Rachel offer she arm . batman inject she . her eye close . batman remove he cowl . Wayne stand above the sleep Rachel . stare at she for a inexpressibly lonely moment . 248 249 250 251 118. int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 248 Gordon be on the phone - gordon someone 's be dump a dangerous contaminant into the supply from this location for day , maybe week - int . control room , water board -- continuous 249 two technician sit there , one on the phone to Gordon . a large screen in front of they map the water supply of gotham . technician if that 's true then it 's already spread through the whole system . but no one 's report any effect ... int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 250 Gordon look around , think , frustrated . gordon it must be like chlorine or fluoride - harmless to drink , but when you breathe it it 's deadly ... look , wake up you boss , see if there 's a way to flush out the system . Gordon hang up . frustrate . notice something . a large shipping crate . he turn to the cop . gordon ( cont ’d ) open that up . int . study , wayne manor -- evening 251 Wayne emerge from the bookcase . the noise of a party outside the door . Alfred be there wait , dinner jacket over he arm . Wayne grab the shirt - dress hastily . wayne Rachel 's sedate . you can take she home . ( continued ) 252 253 254 continued : ( 2 ) 119 . alfred very good , sir . wayne be Fox still here ? ( Alfred nod ) tell you staff to stop serve drink and move everybody on after the cake . Alfred nod . Wayne move to the door . Alfred stop he . hand he a towel , gesture at he face : Wayne be still wear black makeup around he eye . int . MAIN hall , wayne manor -- continuous 252 hundred of guest . Music . tables groan with food female guest ( 0.s. ) there he be ! guest look up - Wayne wade into the throng , grinning and glad -handing . the band strike up with " happy birthday " , Wayne spot Fox at the buffet . ext . side entrance , wayne manor -- continuous 253 as sound from the party drift over , Alfred gently arrange the unconscious Rachel on the rear seat of the car . he frown as Rachel 's leg get stick . he look up to see a party guest , cigarette in hand , stare , curious . alfred ( smile ) a little the worse for wear , I be afraid . Alfred yank Wayne 's gold club to one side , Rachel settles . int . MAIN hall , wayne manor -- continuous 254 guest be leave . Wayne work the room , charming , but distract ... head to Fox . wayne any word on that ... item . Fox nod , glance around . leans in , conspiratorial . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 120 . fox a contact in heavy weapon tip I off - it 's a microwave emitter . it vaporize water . Wayne think . wayne could you sue it to put a biological agent into the air ? fox sure , if the water supply be poison before you vaporize it . Wayne take this in . grave . nod at Fox . earle ( 0.s. ) happy birthday , Bruce . Wayne turn to earle . wayne mr.earle , good of you to come . earle ( smile ) not everybody think you have make it this far . wayne sorry to disappoint . how do the stock offer go ? earle very well - the price soar . wayne who be buy ? earle a variety of fund and brokerage ... it 's all a bit technical - the key thing be , we company 's future be secure . Wayne nod . gesture to Fox . wayne have you meet lucius Fox ? ( continued ) 255 256 continued : ( 3 ) 121. earle of course , lucius , how be you ? wayne Fox be show I the rope down at apply Sciences ... he 's a great untapped resource at we company , be not you , mr.fox ? Fox shoot Wayne a look , but Wayne wink and move off . fox he 's a good kid . earle ( cold ) Fox , forget about kissing Wayne 's ass to get back in - I be merge apply Sciences with central archive and you be top of the early retirement list ... ( smile at reaction ) do not you get the memo ? int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 255 Gordon and the other cop stare at the microwave emitter . cop what the hell be it ? Gordon turn to the swat team member . gordon I do not know , but nobody get near it , understand ? with we be close the bridge , lock down the whole island . int . bedroom , rachel 's apartment -- continuous 256 Rachel stir . on she bed fully clothed . try to remember a strange dream . she see the two vial of antidote sit on she bedside table . hurrie to she foot . 257 122. int . MAIN hall , wayne manor -- continuous 257 Wayne move across the party , head for the study ... a elderly society dame grab he - society dame Bruce , there 's somebody here you simply must meet ... wayne Mrs. delane , I can not just now ... she turn Wayne to face a asian man in he fifty . society dame now , be I pronounce it right ..? in the asian man 's buttonhole be a double - bloomed blue poppy . society dame ( cont ’d ) Mr. Al ghul ? the asian man nod . Wayne stare at he . wayne you be not ra 's Al ghul . he 's dead . the Society Dame laugh nervously , confuse . voice ( 0.s. ) but be ra 's Al ghul immortal . .? Wayne turn . stand there . smiling . ducard . ducard be he method supernatural . .? wayne ( understanding ) or cheap parlor trick to conceal you true identity .. , ra 's ? ducard ( the real ra' al ghul ) smile acknowledgment . ducard / RA 's al ghul surely you do not begrudge I dual identity ? ra 's Al ghul walk Wayne through the dwindling party . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 123. RA 's al ghul I have be admire you work , even as it 's interfered with my plan ... ra 's Al ghul look at Wayne with a tinge of sadness . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) you be my great student ... until you betrayed I . Wayne notice certain guest stare at he : member of the League of shadows . Wayne look at the depart guest . wayne you quarrel be with I . let this people go . ra' al ghul as you wish . but they do not have long to live - you antic at the asylum have force my hand ... wayne crane be work for you . RA 's al ghul his toxin be derive from the organic compound in we blue poppy . crane be able weaponize the compound . a brilliant scientist , but no visionary . he just want money and power - ( smile ) I tell he the plan be to hold the city to ransom ... but , in fact - wayne you be go to unleash crane 's poison on the entire city ... ra' al ghul ( nod , serious ) then watch gotham tear itself apart through fear ... 258 ext . bridge to the narrow / arkham asylum -- continuous 258 cop car block the bridge . Police in riot gear , some on horseback . Rachel argue with a police officer . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 124 , police officer order be , no one cross - rachel Officer , I be a gotham City District Attorney with information relevant to this situation - so let I pass . Rachel brushes past he . he follow , shaking he head . 259 int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 259 Wayne and ra 's enter . the library be empty of guest . wayne you be go to destroy million of life . RA 's al ghul no. billion of life . gotham be just the beginning . the world will watch in terror as the great city fall . anarchy and chaos will spread ... mankind will ravage itself , the species will be cull and the balance of nature restore . the planet will be save for all species . Wayne stare at ra 's appal . wayne you be inhuman . ra' al ghul do not question my humanity , brucewhen I find you in that fetid hole you be lose . I save you - I show you a path and take away you fear - I make you what you be . ( stare at Wayne ) and in return ... you attack I and burn my home ... ra 's look up at he men in the gallery . nod . the Men start setting FIRE to the drape . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) since then , you have use my skill and technique to interfere with my plan , plan in which you be suppose to play a part ... ( continued ) 260 261 continued : ( 2 ) 125 . wayne what part be that , ra 's ? to put my company at you disposal ? to obtain you microwave emitter and plant it somewhere in gotham ? ra' al ghul ( smile , nod ) you be suppose to be gotham 's destroyer ... instead you become she only protector . wayne you underestimate gotham . RA 's al ghul you underestimate gotham 's corruptionwe have infiltrate every aspect of the city 's infrastructure ... int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 260 four swat be guard the emitter . one of they check he watch . give a signal to the second swat who nod and start prime the machine ... the third swat turn - third swat hey ! what the hell be you - phuuut . the fourth swat have shot he with a silence pistol . move with military precision , the three ninja / swat don gas mask place explosive charge along the wall . 110 . int . monorail station -- continuous 261 the train driver check he watch . Hit the intercom . train driver ( over loudspeaker ) this train be no longer in service . passengers groan , get to they foot . 126. 262 int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 262 the flame be rising . smoke gathering at the ceiling ... RA 's al ghul gotham be helpless without you . that 's why I be here . wayne to kill I ? ra 's Al ghul look at Wayne . emotional . ra' al ghul to bring you back to we , Bruce . the world will need great man like you - wayne to take power . ra' al ghul this be not about power ... this be about save the planet before man destroy it with he greed , with he pollution , with he weaponry ... ra 's hold out he hand . a ninja throws he a sword . he hand it to Wayne , place the point at he own throat . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) you still doubt I ? apply a few pound of pressure ... buy you precious city a reprieve . ra 's look into Wayne 's eye with absolute conviction . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) kill I . then you x11 understand how simple it be to do what 's necessary . Wayne hold the sword at ra 's throat . think . ra 's stare at Wayne with absolute conviction . wayne I will not take life . I will not be a part of this . ra' al ghul but you already be . you have give gotham a potent symbol of fear ... ( continued ) 263 264 continued : ( 2 ) 127 . wayne I frighten criminal . ra' al ghul you frighten everybody . a giant vengeful bat ? what better apocalyptic symbol to haunt gotham 's dream as panic take hold ? Wayne stare at ra 's Al ghul . pull the sword away from he throat . ra 's Al ghul look at he , contemptuous . pull at the handle of he cane , produce a sword . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) then die with gotham - ra 's strike Wayne 's sword from he throat - lay into he , sword in one hand , cane / sheath in the other - ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 263 Gordon turn . Rachel be there . he nod . gordon how be you ? rachel better . thank you . gordon thank the batman . rachel I already do . ( reach into pocket ) he send I with dose of the antidote for you ... int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 264 the ninja / swat crouch away from the back wall . one of they hit a detonator . a control explosion blast a large hole in the back wall - 265 266 267 268 269 128. ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 265 the cop react to the explosion - Gordon race into the building ... rachel Gordon , wait ! int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 266 Gordon and he man appear at the door to the room - the ninja / swat be move the emitter through the hole in the wall - Gordon open FIRE - the first ninja / swat turn to the second , signal ... the second ninja / swat activate the emitter - a pulse of ENERGY ripples from the machine ... pipe / tap / drain explode with pressurize steam - Gordon dive for cover - ext . arkham asylum -- continuous 267 manhole cover explode , releasing geyser of steam . FIRE hydrant explode , hissing with steam - cop hit the deck ... int . water board control room -- continuous 268 a alarm sound - the technician point at a dot on the map . technician what 's that ?! second technician some kind of pressure under the narrow ... like the water 's ... ( confuse ) ... boil . technician do the valve hold ? second technician yeah , it 's contain . for now . ext . bridge to arkham / narrow -- continuous 269 cop stare at the cloud of fog rise from the island . 270 271 129 . int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 270 ra 's throw himself at Wayne with ferocity and skill - Wayne parry , thrust ... wave of flame roll across the high ceiling as the great room approach flashover point ... Wayne presses ra 's back under the gallery ... ra 's thrust , off balance - Wayne dodge - ra 's go down - Wayne hold he sword at ra 's throat ... wayne perhaps you teach I too well . ra 's look up at Wayne with a sly smile . ra' al ghul or perhaps you 'il never learn - a section of the burning gallery drop onto Wayne . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) - to mind you surroundings as well as you opponent . ra 's rise . look down at Wayne , unconscious , pinned under burning timber . firelight flicker on ra 's 's face as he sheathes he sword / cane . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) Rest easy , friend . ra 's turn , walk out of the flame library . ext . front door , wayne manor -- continuous 271 ra 's walk out of the burn building . motion to a ninja . ra' al ghul no one come out . make sure . he walk towards a wait helicopter . another ninja follow . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) be everything ready ? ninja 2 they create a smokescreen in the narrow - and they be move the emitter into place for you run . 272 273 274 275 276 130 . int . monorail track above fogbound narrow -- continuous 272 the train Driver look down at arkham as he pull overhead with he empty train . he stop the train above the narrow . int . bath house , arkham asylum -- continuous 273 thick cloud of white fog fill the room . Gordon be choking ... rachel grab he arm - rachel Gordon , it 's I ! it 's Rachel ! I have the antidote ! Gordon - Gordon rip he arm away - coughing , spluttering ... he stare into the blinding white ... terrified , adrenaline kick in - Rachel shake Gordon , fumbling with the pneumatic syringe . rachel ( cont ’d ) stay calm ... I can help you ... Gordon look at the needle , panicked . then at she face ... int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 274 Wayne , unconscious , pinned by burn timber , flame rising . ext . side door , wayne manor -- continuous 275 a ninja guard the side door , staring into the flame ... whack ! he go down ... alfred be stand there , nine iron in hand . he look down at the ninja . alfred I sincerely hope you be not from the fire department . Alfred rush in to the burn house . int . library , wayne manor -- continuous 276 Alfred move to Wayne , try in vain to shift the burning wood from Wayne 's chest . he move to Wayne 's face . slap it , hard . alfred master Wayne ! master Wayne !! Wayne 's eye flicker open . he push , but can not move . ( continued ) 277 278 279 280 281 continued : ( 2 ) 131 . alfred ( cont ’d ) ( exasperate ) Sir , whatever be the point of all that push -up if you can not even - Wayne glare at Alfred , force the weight from he chest . int . study -- continuous 277 Wayne and Alfred push through the burn room . Wayne jab at the flame piano key ... int . wrought iron spiral staircase -- continuous 278 Alfred and Wayne crawl onto the lift . ext . wayne manor -- continuous 279 the burn house collapse . . int . wrought iron spiral staircase -- continuous 280 smoke and flame explode through the passage - Alfred yank the lever dropping they out of the heat - they speed down ... int . batcave -- continuous 281 landing hard . smolder . Wayne stare up the spiral : high above , SPARKS and firelight . the crash of collapse timber echoe down as wayne manor die . tear form in Wayne 's eye . wayne ( whisper ) what have I do , Alfred ? everything my family ... everything my Father and he father build ... Alfred struggle to pull himself to a stand position . alfred ( hoarse ) the Wayne legacy be more than brick and mortar , sir . Wayne stare up at the glow shaft . lose in he despair . ( continued ) 282 283 continued : ( 2 ) 132. wayne I think I could ... help gotham ... but I have fail ... Alfred make a futile show of dusting down he jacket . alfred and why do we fall , sir ? Wayne look at Alfred 's bruise , smudge , yet dignify face . alfred ( cont ’d ) so that we might better learn to pick ourselves up . Wayne look up at he old friend . wayne still have not give up on I ? Alfred offer he a tremble hand . alfred ( conviction ) never . Wayne take Alfred 's hand . get up . ext . the fogbound narrow -- continuous 282 ninjas in gas mask move the emitter into position under the monorail train . the bind it into a hoist . ext . the narrow -- continuous 283 Rachel inject Gordon . he stare into she eye , question . rachel breathe . just breathe . noise draw Gordon 's frighten eye to shape of cop choke on the fog , shout . fighting . Rachel pull Gordon to he foot - head for the hole in the wall ... rachel ( cont ’d ) come on . 284 285 286 287 288 289 133. ext . bridge to arkham / narrow -- continuous 284 loeb and a lieutenant get out of a car at the blockade . star across : fog hang over the island . loeb what in God 's name be go on in there ? ext . the narrow -- continuous 285 as rioters flit past through the fog either side , Rachel drag Gordon into a doorway ... she look up into the fog . see the ninjas hoist the emitter up to the monorail ... int . fogbound arkham asylum -- evening 286 a inmate at the window of he cell . a clunk - he turn - he cell door be OPEN . he look out into the corridor ... int . mist -filled corridor , arkham asylum -- continuous 287 crane , in scarecrow mask , ring down the corridor , laughing , unlock each door in turn . inmate ( to himself ) scarecrow . inmate emerge from they cell , confuse . int . the batcave -- continuous 288 close on : black scallop gauntlet thrust onto purposeful hand . a dark cloak whipped around strong shoulder . a graphite cowl place over a implacable face . a dark figure swallow by the gloom . bat flutter as a engine roar to life ... ext . waterfall -- continuous 289 moving in on water tumble hypnotically ... the batmobile explode through the water , rocketing onto the opposite bank . 290 291 292 293 294 134 . int . helicopter above fogbound narrow -- continuous 290 ra 's Al ghul put on a gas mask as the helicopter descend . ext . fogbound narrow -- night 291 Rachel sit up from Gordon . hear something : a dragging noise behind she . she turn , step away from Gordon ... a horse emerge from the fog . crane be riding ; in scarecrow mask . dragging along behind , boot catch in the stirrup , a dead mounted policeman . crane turn to rachel . rachel crane ! crane shake he head . crane ( hiss ) scarecrow . ext . bridge to arkham / narrow -- continuous 292 loeb with a lieutenant , watch the fog hang over the island . they head a massive engine , turn , blind by headlight ... the batmobile race at the cordon , shoot over the car , clipping the roof , cop diving out of the way ... ext . alley , fogbound narrow -- continuous 293 the too - wide batmobile rip metal sheet and drywall from both side of the tiny alley - rioting inhabitant run scream - the batmobile be head for a dead end ... ext . courtyard , fogbound narrow -- continuous 294 crane gallop towards Rachel and Gordon and stop . rioters emerge behind they ... he rear up to stamp rachel and gordon - Rachel fire she taser , plugging crane in the face - he jerk , spasm - the horse bolt , throwing he , dragging he off into the fog .. Rachel watch he disappear . then see the lunatics close in on all side ... ( continued ) 295 continued : ( 2 ) 135 . the batmobile smashes through the wall - lunatics close in on all side ... the batmobile open - batman emerge - run to Rachel ... a brick smashes into batman 's head . he turn to the rioters staring at he , terrified . batman rise in the mist ... to they eye : batman be a twelve - foot shadowy devil with wing ... they fling brick , bottle , fight off the demon . batman grab Rachel , fire he grapple gun up into the fog ... it find purchase - they shoot up from the mob - ext . rooftop -- moment later 295 batman set Rachel down , look out at gotham : the narrow below steaming , burn , scream . the rest of gotham wait . batman they be go to unleash the toxin on the entire city . I have to find the microwave emitter ... rachel they be lift a machine up to the track ... batman turn to face Rachel , realize - batman of course - the monorail . the track run directly over the water main ... batman turn to the city , stare at the wide sweep of the monorail track . the " speak " that lead in to Wayne Tower ... batman ( cont ’d ) he 's go to drive that thing straight into Wayne Tower and blow the main hub , create enough toxin to blanket the entire city ... 296 297 298 299 136 . int . monorail train -- continuous 296 ra 's Al ghul climb onto the train with three masked ninjas . the narrow - band emitter fill the front car . pulse with energy . ra 's move to the driver 's position ... ext . the narrow -- continuous 297 Gordon look up - the train move overhead ... as it pass , manhole cover explode in its wake , send up fresh geyser of steam ... Gordon watch the train go ... start running ... int . control room , water board -- continuous 298 alarm sound - the technician look at the map - light flash . second technician what 's that ? technician the pressure 's increase ... and it 's ... move . ext . rooftop -- continuous 299 batman stand at the edge - look at the impossible drop to the move monorail train ... rachel wait ! batman turn . Rachel stare at he eye in the black cowl , reach up to he face . rachel ( cont ’d ) you could die . at least tell I you name . batman turn . look back at she . batman it 's not who I be underneath ... ( touch he chest ) but what I do that define I . Rachel step forward , recognize she own word , realizing - rachel Bruce - but he be already falling ... 300 301 302 303 304 137 . ext . over gotham -- continuous 300 batman free fall , cloak flap , slide he glove into the activate pocket ... the cloak go rigid - smashing the wind like a parachute ... batman 's arm control he cloak , not simply arrest he fall , but glide gracefully like a hand glider ... he eye the move train and nose down , accelerate - int . monorail train -- continuous 301 ra 's pull off he mask , watch the city speed around he . int . sedan on the bridge to the narrow -- continuous 302 flass be in the driver 's seat , eat . Gordon open the door grab he - flass what the - ? -fling he out onto the asphalt - peel out ... 120 . ext . gotham -- continuous 303 batman streak down , cutting through the steam geyser shoot up in the train 's wake ... the train speed through a station - batman bank sharply around the building ... int . control room , water board -- continuous 304 the technician stare at the map : blinking light reach closer and closer to Wayne Tower ... second technician pressure 's building at the hub - technician open all the run-off valve ! second technician they be already blow ! the technician , worried , look at a pressure gauge : the needle be move steadily higher , towards the red zone ... 305 306 307 308 309 138. ext . monorail train -- continuous 305 the track ahead pass into a office building - batman nose down - try to get down onto the train before it reach the building ... batman get over the back of the train - it 's at the mouth of the tunnel - he collapse he cloak - drop onto the train just as it blast into the building - int . train -- continuous 306 ra 's hear a thump . he nod at he ninjas . they move into the rear car , cocking machine gun ... ext . train -- continuous 307 batman lie on the roof - the train speed through the canyon of downtown gotham ... bullet tear through the roof , several hit batman - jolting he loose , spin he sideways - int . train -- continuous 308 the ninjas see a shadow fall from the roof . one of they stick he head up to check : nothing but fresh bullet hole . at the ninjas 's foot , unnoticed , a grappling hook stick through the floor of the train - ext . surface street below the monorail -- continuous 309 a small crowd outside a store watch news on stack t.v. 's . the train streak overhead . people look up , shocked to see - batman hanging from the train by he grappling cable , flying along , 15 foot in the air , dodging stoplight and awning ... the train cross over a busy intersection - batman fly over car , between tall truck ... behind he , in the train 's wake , manhole cover explode , fire hydrant burst ... batman struggle to fasten he grapple gun into he utility belt , but he 's be tossed too violently ... up ahead : more of ra 's Al ghul 's ninjas ride in a truck precede the train , guard the monorail support . 310 311 312 139 . ext . STREET below the monorail -- continuous 310 in the truck , a ninja put a rocket - propel grenade launcher on he shoulder , sighting batman - the other aim they gun . a curve in the truck send batman swinging up into the glass facade of a building , smashing along through forty foot of plate glass ... he clear the glass , look ahead - see the truck in he path , weapon trained on he ... the machine gun open up - the trigger of the rpg be squeezed - blam - with a shudder the truck be knocked sideways by a speed unmark sedan - the grenade misfire into the cab ... gordon be at the wheel of the unmark sedan - he duck down - the truck explode ... batman fly through the flame ... on the other side , the track dead end at another tunnel ... Gordon look up in time to see batman latch the grapple gun into he belt - shoot up , skirting the lip of the tunnel ... int . train -- continuous 311 batman jump into the rear car - fire he grapple gun at a ninja 's leg , yank he down ... ra 's glance back from the front car , but can not see clearly . batman downs a ninja with a elbow to the head . leap for the door between car - a ninja in the front car lock it - smash - ra 's turn to see batman at the rear door , glass fall from the window , hand around the ninja 's throat ... RA 's al ghul you ! batman drop the ninja . lead up out of sight . int . control room , water board -- continuous 312 alarm : the technician watch the blink light move close to the hub ... the pressure gauge needle tip into the red - ( continued ) 313 continued : ( 2 ) 140 . first technician everybody out ! out of the building ! ! second technician but - first technician we be sit on the hub - she 's gonna blow and blow big , understand ? ext . monorail train -- continuous 313 batman move forward along the roof , cloak flapping madly behind . Wayne Tower visible up ahead , the train streaking dizzyingly through the tight canyon of gotham ... ra 's Al ghul climb up onto the roof at the front of the train . stand tall before gotham , long coat blow around he leg . he marvel at batman . ra' al ghul you take my advice about theatricality a bit literally , do not you think ? he draw he sword from he cane . batman lunge at ra 's , who swing he sword at he - batman parry with he gauntlet , SPARKS strike off the metal scallop . the train shoot through a building , the airflow whumping down on the duelist ... ra 's swing he cane - batman trap it in he scallop - twist he arm - send the cane spinning away . ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) familiar ... ra 's thrust he sword at batman 's chest , batman dodge leave , dangerously close to the edge . he duck at ra 's , who knee he sideways , swinging he at the front edge of the train ... batman regains footing - ra 's strike down at he head ... batman cross he arm , catch the sword in the scallop of both gauntlet , holding fast ... ra' al ghul ( cont ’d ) do not you have anything new ? ( continued ) 314 315 continued : ( 2 ) 141. batman how about this ? batman yank he arm in opposite direction , breaking ra' al ghul 's sword in two . ra 's stumble back , lose foot , slip onto the roof , sliding back toward the rear ... batman look ahead to Wayne Tower approach ... int . control room , water board , wayne tower -- continuous 314 the first technician watch the pressure gauge needle slide up through the red . he close he eye . ext . train -- continuous 315 batman lean over the front of train - fire he grappling gun into the front guide wheel - which jam , sparking , grinding ... cable spool out of the grapple gun ... the train shudder ... ra' al ghul ( climb to he foot ) what be you do ?! ! batman throws the grapple gun at the sparking guide wheel ... batman what 's necessary . the guide wheel hit the grapple gun - bump off its track ... ra 's dive onto batman - smashes he against the roof - the train lurch , scraping against the concrete guiderail ... batman roll ra 's onto the bottom - but ra 's be choking batman , thumb pushed deep into the flesh above batman 's neckpiece ... batman struggle uselessly against ra 's Al ghul iron grip ... ra' al ghul be you afraid ?! ! ra 's look up at batman 's dying eye ... batman 's hand stop pushing against ra 's ... ( continued ) 316 317 318 continued : ( 2 ) 142. batman ( choke ) yes ... ... and slip down he cloak to the activate pocket - batman ( cont ’d ) ... but not of you . the cloak go rigid - catch the wind - like pull a rip cord - batman yanked from ra 's Al ghul 's hand , into the AIR ... ra 's scream as he ride the train off the monorail ... crashing down into wayne plaza - digging through the concretemetal shredd , marble shatter , dust cloud flying , parked car exploding ... the train have disintegrated into burn rubble just short of the entrance to Wayne Station ... int . control room , water board , wayne tower -- continuous 316 the technician open one eye . then the other . and start breathe again . ext . wayne plaza -- continuous 317 massive fiery destruction . and above it all - batman soar in a high bank , riding the thermal , stare down at ra 's Al ghul 's funeral pyre ... and we - dissolve to : ext . wayne plaza -- morning , day later 318 construction crews clear the rubble , lucius Fox , in hard hat , supervise . earle approach , livid . Fox spot he . fox this be a hard hat area . earle what be you do here , Fox ? I seem to remember fire you . ( continued ) 319 continued : ( 2 ) 143. fox might be something to do with my new job as head of Wayne industry . ( off look ) do not you get the memo ? earle stare at Fox , hard . earle whose authority ? Fox point at Wayne 's roll royce idling nearby . earle stride towards it . Fox quietly smile , turn to he work . int . roll -- continuous 319 earle be banging on the window . Wayne roll it down . earle you think you have authority to decide who run this company , Bruce ? wayne it be my company . earle not anymore . Wayne industry go public a week ago - wayne and I buy most of the share . a control interest , in fact . ( off look ) through various charitable foundation , trust and so forth ... Alfred be smile in the front seat . wayne ( cont ’d ) look , it 's all a bit technical , but the important thing be .... my company 's future be secure . earle be speechless . Wayne smile . the roll pull away . 320 321 322 323 144 . ext . ground , smoking ruins of wayne manor -- day 320 worker sift through the smoking ruin , supervise by Alfred . int . orangery -- continuous 321 soot-stain glass crunch underfoot as Rachel pick she way through the smoking remnant of the greenhouse . ext . disuse kitchen garden -- continuous 322 Rachel find Wayne hammer a board across the disus well . he look up at she . she approach . he turn to the well . wayne do you remember the day I fall ? rachel of course . Wayne look down at the black gap yet to be cover . wayne as I lay there , I know ... I could sense it ... rachel what ? wayne that thing would never be the same . rachel what do you find down there ? Wayne pick up another board . wayne childhood 's end . Wayne place the board over over the gap . close the well . ext . smoking ruins of wayne manor -- moment later 323 Wayne walk Rachel past the ruin . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 145 . rachel the day you leave gotham ... the day chill be murder ... I say terrible thing . wayne true thing . you make I see that justice be about more than my own pain and anger . rachel well , you prove I wrong . wayne about what ? rachel you father would be proud of you . just as I be . Wayne look at she , emotion rise . he take Rachel in he arm and they kiss , passionately ... desperately . they break , Wayne look into Rachel 's eye , hopeful . but she gently shake she head . rachel ( cont ’d ) ( soft ) between batman and Bruce Wayne , there 's no room for I . wayne Rachel , this life I choose ... I can give it up . Rachel reach up to he face with she hand . rachel you do not choose the life , Bruce . it be thrust upon you , the way greatness often be . you have give this city hope - now she 's depend on you . we all be . Wayne look at she . aching . he nod . rachel ( cont ’d ) good-bye , Bruce . she walk away . stops. turn . point at the ruin . ( continued ) 324 continued : ( 3 ) 146 . rachel ( cont ’d ) what will you do ? Wayne look at she . glorious purpose in he eye . wayne I be go to rebuild it just the way it be . Brick for brick . Rachel nod . walk off . Wayne stare after she . alone ... but Alfred be at Wayne 's shoulder . watch he gaze . alfred just the way it be , sir ? Wayne turn to Alfred . wayne yes , why ? they stroll , side by side , towards the smoking ruin . alfred I think we might take the opportunity of make some improvement to the foundation . wayne in the south east corner ? alfred precisely , sir . dissolve to : the irregular shadow of a bat symbol cast up onto turbulent cloud ... and we be - ext . roof , police station -- night 324 Gordon sip coffee from a styrofoam cup . beside he - a upturn spotlight with a metal stencil bolt to it . a dark fluttering , and batman be stand the other side of the spotlight . he reach out , tap the stencil . batman Nice . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 147 . gordon ( crush he cup ) could not find any mob boss to strap to the light . Gordon kill the searchlight . the two man stand opposite each other in the dark . batman well , sergeant ? gordon it 's Lieutenant , now . commissioner loeb have to promote I . and he have to disband the task force hunt you . amazing what save a city can do for you image . batman then thing be better . gordon ( nod ) you have start something - bent cop run scared , hope on the street ... Gordon leave he sentence hang between they . batman but ? gordon but there 's a lot of weirdness out there right now ... the narrow be dost ... we still have not pick up crane or half the inmate of arkham that he freed ... batman we will . gotham will return to normal . gordon will it ? what about escalation ? batman escalation ? gordon we start carry semiautomatics , they buy automatics ... we start wear kevlar , they buy armorpierce round ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 148. batman and ? Gordon lean closer to batman . point at he . gordon and ... you be wear a mask and jump off rooftop ... Gordon fish in he pocket . gordon ( cont ’d ) take this guy ... he pull out a clear plastic evidence bag . gordon ( cont ’d ) ... armed robbery , double homicide ... Inside the clear plastic bag be a playing card . gordon ( cont ’d ) get a taste for theatrics , like you ... Gordon hand batman the bag . gordon ( cont ’d ) leave a call card . batman turn the card over . it be a joker . batman I x11 look into it . he step up onto the balustrade . Gordon look at he . gordon I never say thank you . batman look out at the light of gotham . cloak billow around he . batman and you ’1l1 never have to . batman drop from the rooftop , glide on the night wind . Gordon smile . he can not help it . fade out : ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) 149 . credit . end .