batman year one by Frank Miller sign in sign - up welcome ! Close would you like to make this site you homepage ? it 's fast and easy ... yes , please make this my home page ! no thanks do not show this to I again . Close batman year one screenplay by frank miller fade in . ext . gotham CITY , night lightning rip across a jet-black sky . thunder crash . lightning cast gotham CITY in stark relief . siren wail . car alarm scream . a cacophony . lightning silhouettes a menace police helicopter , roaring downward like a monster insect . lightning ... spark ? shower . wild . reveal : int . dark area - night a sweat , torment sleeper '' bruce wayne . his eye hollow , skin pale , he toss and turn . then flinch . 3 more time he '' flinch flinch flinch . then '' his eye pop open wide bruce wayne scream it be the sound of incomprehensible horror . int . bruce wayne's apartment - night awoken from he nightmare by the sound of he own scream , disorient , bruce go to the sink and splashes cold water in he face . bruce ( v.o. ) Father . where be you ? what will I do ? his hand tremble . distant thunder sound . ext . east end sidewalk - morning little al , a gigantic , early middle - age black man carry a bag of doughnut and two coffee . he whistle as he walk through a run-down slum . he stop and insert a key at a grimy storefront : the sign read , al and Son , repair , service , salvage . reverse shot of : int . al' garage - morning little al hit the light revealing a meticulously clean auto repair shop little al Bruce ? Bruce ? you here ? little al continue he search in the— ext . junk yard behind al' garage - morning it 's a dreary , dirty , isolate place . its sole occupant , bruce , load large car part onto a flatbe truck bear the ' al and Son ' logo . he carry the heavy transmission and engine block on he broad , muscular shoulder . little al Morning sunshine . bruce say nothing , he just stare at little al with troubled , tired eye . little al ( cont 'd ) ( hand bruce a coffee ) ok twinkle toe . let 's take a look at the job order . the two head up a wooden staircase over the garage and enter '' int . bruce wayne's apartment - morning it 's the claustrophobic room of a obsessive compulsive . neatly organize electronic hobby project line the wall '' police scanner , radios and tvs . they readout and display provide the only light . little al open the blackout curtain . sunlight pour in . little al ( open a ledger ) so the load on the truck be the dimotto order , right ? ( bruce nod ) you finish the rebuild on that caddie , and the tranny for Spencer . ( bruce nod some more ) I guess that 's it , huh ? you know I could put in a couple day , help you out down here , if you want a break . bruce I be fine . little al look at bruce 's pale skin and sink eye . little al big al would kick my butt if he see you now . you look terrible . little al put he hand on bruce 's shoulder . little al ( cont 'd ) that pill be not work , be they , son ? bruce they be fine . little al the nightmare stop then ? bruce do not speak . little al ( cont 'd ) maybe you just need to air yourself out a little bit . go the park . go to the beach . find yourself a girlfriend . bruce I be fine . little al ( frustrated ) ) yeah , fine . right here . little al hand bruce a wad of bill little al ( cont 'd ) listen , a man can not keep coope up in one place all the time . he 's get to keep move , like a shark , move , move , move , or he die . you can not stay stick in one place , Bruce it just be not healthy . little al leave . as bruce close the blackout curtain , he gaze linger across the street on the girl galore peepshow theater . from the look of it , the sleazy sex venue be once a grand theatre . but now , on top of its classic , old - world facade , a pink plastic sign promise ' girl , girl , girl . ' out front , prostitute offer they ware . chi - chi , a young pimp with long , greasy hair and feel bell bottom , slap a fat whore , she cry and apologize . other whore usher man into a brownstone cathouse next door . bruce 's gaze travel to a window directly across from he . Inside the cathouse , a long , lean black woman , selina , put handcuffs on a skinny man . she wear tight fitting , black leather . selina notice bruce and give he a playful wave . he close the curtain . leave we alone in int . brucb wayne's apartment - morning bruce sit and write a letter . bruce ( v.o. ) September 4 . dear Father , I be still confuse . what be you try to tell I ? what do you want from I ? please , I do not understand . you son , Bruce . finish , bruce put the letter in a envelope . then , get up and go back to work . int . jame gordon' apartment . bathroom - night thunder roll on the night air . in the sweaty palm of jame gordon rest six bullet . gordon sit in he boxer on the toilet . in he mouth he hold he service revolver . ann ( o.s. ) honey , come to bed . gordon look up at the door . he put the gun , with its wet barrel , into a holster with a badge clipped to the side and leave the bathroom . ann ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hard time sleep again , baby ? we hear bedspring sag . int . police precinct . souadroom - morning gordon get off the elevator and walk through the busy precinct room full of cop . as he pass , conversation stop . Men with shoulder holster and badge on they hip watch gordon with obvious disdain . gordon put he lunch in he desk and flip through papers . he light a marlboro . int . police precinct . hall outside evidence room - day a sign read " evidence room " . a young cop stare at gordon with bad intent through a plexiglas window . gordon put papers in the pass-through . gordon this be for the irwin case . the young cop do not say a word . as gordon leave , he pass the door to the evidence room . it 's half open . we catch a quick glimpse inside two detective stuff yellow envelope and stack bill -- before the door slam shut . int . bathroom . police precinct - day gordon stand at a urinal as detective flass , about 40 , blond crew cut , enter flass I have get something for you Gordon . gordon come on flass , I tell you , I just do not want it . flass Jimmy , Jimmy , Jimmy , you be go to have to learn what it take to be a cop in this town flass ( cont 'd ) it make the guy nervous when someone do not participate . they think you might say something . gordon it 's not like that , I just do not need the money . maybe if I have kid like the other guy , or have trouble make end meet it would be different . flass the guy be say , ' maybe he think he 's better than we be . maybe he think he 's superior . ' be that how it be Jimmy ? you think you be some kind of saint ? gordon no , it 's nothing like that . flass so you be not a saint , Gordon . who be you ? gordon I be just a cop flass yeah , that 's right , you be one of we flass jam a yellow envelope into gordon be hand and leave . gordon crush the yellow envelope . int . squadroom . police precinct - moment later flass joke around the water cooler with a couple cop . then , back at he desk he see the yellow envelope spike on he message post . flass register a look of concern . flass ' partner detective campbell , a fat cop in a wrinkle suit , slap he on the shoulder . campbell come on , we will deal with he later . we get to make we round . together they leave and we— CUT to ext . girl galore peepshow theater - evening bruce carry a brown paper grocery bag in he arm . the whore do they thing : wave at car , pose , vamp . they see bruce in he blue jumpsuit . french maid hey there garage boy ! want to look under my hood , check my fluid level . cheerleader you can top I off anytime ! the youngest prostitute , holly , join in . holly I will show you why they say , " good thing come in small package ? " selina holly ! get over here ! he 's a neighbor , not a John . and the rest of you , cut it out . you get nothing better to do ? chi - chi ( cut in ) yeah , like make I some money . get to work . chi - chi be interrupt by the honk of a horn . detective flass sit behind the wheel of a unmarked cop car with a ballantine ale on he lap . flass hey there chi - chi . how 's business ? next to he in the car sit detective campbell . campbell ( laugh , to chi - chi ) hey , you know what , you be the only hippy pimp I ever see . flass you get something for we greaseball ? chi - chi yeah , sure . here you guy go . chi - chi pass a yellow envelope through the window to flass . flass flip through the bill inside . flass this it , flowerpower ? look kind of light to I chi - chi it 's the same as last week . flass yeah ? well , you seem to be do pretty good for yourself . maybe it 's time we talk to estrada , reevaluate we arrangement . campbell or maybe selina can throw in a little dark meat to make up the balance . how about that ? chi - chi yeah , sure . selina , get over here ! selina reluctantly approach the car . chi - chi ( cont 'd ) give detective campbell a date on the house . campbell you can put away the toy , sweet thing . I will show you how a real man do it . selina forget it . you be not come anywhere near I . she turn to walk away but chi - chi grab she arm . flass ( laugh ) classic . one can not get he whore to screw , the other can not get screw by a whore . flass pull away . flass ( cont 'd ) we do not have time for this . get to keep move . more pick - up to make before quit time . ta-ta lady . flass wave he Beer can farewell as he drive off . chi - chi what the hell be that ? you make I look bad . I get a rep to maintain . I look weak , then scumbag crooked cop take advantage , try to push I around . selina you know the rule nothing for free . selina jerk she arm free and storm off . but chi - chi grab she again and spin her around . chi - chi well maybe it 's time we re-evaluate the rule . suddenly chi - chi be aware that bruce stand very close glower at the pimp . pure unholy hatred . chi - chi what the fuck you want , retard ? chi - chi flick open he switch blade . selina ( to chi - chi ) leave he alone . chi - chi backhand she across the mouth . bruce , oblivious to the knife , move to take out chi - chi . but selina catch bruce 's eye and , without saying a word , tell bruce to " let it go " . bruce just turn and walk away— a obedient soldier . chi - chi that 's what I think . wimp ! selina watch bruce march back into— int . al' garage - moment later bruce kick open the door— fling grocery everywhere '' punch the plaster wall '' bruce ( v.o. ) September 17 . Father , it take everything I have just to contain this fury . I can feel it in my chest . it want to escape . I be afraid of what I might do . little al be in the doorway . little al what the hell 's go in here . you ok ? bruce I be fine . bruce try to push past little al and out of the garage . but little al grab he wrist . little al Bruce . bruce what do you want ? little al do not you give I lip , boy . I know what you be go through . you can not hide it from I . bruce you do not know anything . little al come on . I have get something for you . little al push aside a work bench , dig out a key and open a dirty , disus door . bruce you father 's office ? little al say nothing . the two man go inside int . big al' office - day it 's like a tomb . dusty , unused and preserve . little al sit at the desk and start open drawer . little al ( without look ) sit down Bruce . bruce sit on a dusty chair . little al find what he 's look for , shoe - box . he turn to bruce little al ( cont 'd ) you know , Bruce , big al work hard to put I through mo school . he dream of give I more than that garage . but he never say a word after the war . little al ( cont 'd ) he understand what happen to a man who 's see too much of this world 's evil . do you know what I be talk about Bruce . bruce nod . little al ( cont 'd ) when we find you out in the scrap pile you be scared , more of a wild animal than a boy , really . and you have something with you , do you remember that ? bruce say ' yes ' with he eye . little al ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) you would not let it go ... take big al three month to even get a look at it . you cry for week when he take it from you . he say you be not ready to have it . you call it you inheritance . little al put a hand on bruce 's shoulder . little al ( cont 'd ) when big al be up in that hospital , he ask I watch over you , make I promise , and I have . you be like my boy , Bruce . little al give bruce 's shoulder a squeeze . little al ( cont 'd ) but now you be scare I . there 's something go on in you head , and while I can not say I know exactly what it be , I can tell you this : a man have get to know who he be before he can confront he demon . little al open the shoe box and remove a smaller wooden BOX with a heavy brass latch little al ( cont 'd ) maybe you inheritance can help you figure it out . little al place the wooden BOX on bruce be knee . bruce just stare at it . little al ( cont 'd ) not ready yet , huh ' I understand little al stand up and wait . after a moment bruce stand up and they both walk back into— int . little al' garage - moment later little al lock the door behind they . little al you take all the time you want . it 's late . I be go home . I hope you can find some comfort in this , Bruce . sleep well . little al leave bruce stare at the wooden BOX . int . bruce wayne's apartment - night bruce write another letter . bruce ( v.o. ) September 22 . dear Father , I almost slip today . God help I if I lose control . Little Al give I back my inheritance . what should I do with it ? please tell I . I do not know how much longer I can go without you help . please send instruction . you loving son , Bruce . bruce sign the letter and put it in a envelope . put a stamp on the envelope . bruce get ready for bed and turn in . he do not sleep , just stare at the wooden BOX from he bed . int . selina's apartment - night selina 's apartment be paint to look like a dungeon . the tool of she trade line the wall '' whip , cuff , a cricket bat for spanking . cat lounge all over the place . holly sit cross-legged in a electric chair . she paint she toe nail and watch selina pace the cramped room . selina there have to be more to it than this . holly this what ? selina life ! Jesus , there have got to be more out there than just pimp and johns . we spend we life on we back shuttling money from one to the other , for what ? holly I do not know , what ? selina nothing ! do not you see , we be be use . we be stick here and for all we work , we have nothing . while they be get rich . I be sick of it , I be not go to take it anymore . holly what be you go to do ? run off ? marry a John ? selina ha ! have you see the guy who come here for my service ? shit . what I would give to meet a real man . holly ( rise ) get to go . my 10:30 should be here . ( at the door ) you know , maybe there be no real man . maybe the whole world be just pimp and johns . ever think of that ? holly leave . selina ( to self ) then I will have to find my own way out . she close she door . and we— CUT to : ext . a magnificent theater - night we be on the step of a magical old - world movie palace . it 's bright , clean , hyper - real— a dream . a boy , about 8 , leave a show of Zorro with he mother and father . he goof around with a imaginary sword . boy en guard ! en guard ! mother ( her best fay rae imitation . ) oh brave Zorro , save we ! father yes , but can Zorro fly ? father grab he boy and throw he in the air . the boy freak out with laughter . the boy be catch under he arm and again toss upwards , and into a '' nightmare the sky darken . the boy register fear and fall '' - fall - - fall - - and slam hard onto a grimy sidewalk puddle with blood . his parent struggle with a mugger in the alley . father ( cont 'd ) get away from she you monster the mugger shove father back . mother ( slap at mugger ) no ! get off I . you can not have it . mugger grab mother viciously by the throat and she 's choke . pearl bounce on the pavement . father take a swing at the mugger . mugger crazy bastard . bang ! boy flinch . blood spray on he face . bang ! bang ! bang ! bruce wayne 's body flinch in he cot with each shot . we be back in '' int . bruce wayne's apartment - night bruce shoot upright in bed . bruce wayne's mouth snarl , in torment . bruce wayne's fist lay in he lap . the fist quake . unholy rage . he go and take the wooden BOX in he shaking , sweaty hand . his thumb be about to open the heavy brass latch bruce be interrupt by a clanking sound from the street . ext . the girl galore peepshow theater - night the sleazy sex venue was— the grand theater from bruce's nightmare . only now , instead of a young boy walk the sidewalk with he parent '' campbell , the fat detective , stagger around in the street . drunkenly he throw a rusty muffler up at selina's window . campbell rapunzel , rapunzel , let down you hair ! her window open . selina you pick a bad night to mess with I , campbell ! campbell aww , come on darling be that anyway to treat a customer ? selina I be pay up . you get you damn money . that 's all you get from I , asshole . selina slam she window . campbell take a pull from he bottle and go into the cathouse . a moment later bruce cross the street and follow he inside the— int . cathouse - night bruce cautiously enter . from upstairs '' bang , bang , bang . he hear the sound of a fist pound a door . voice echo down the empty stairwell . campbell ( o.s. ) come on honey , you know that 's not the way thing work . it 's just part of the price of do business . selina ( o.s. ) go away you fat pig . campbell ( o.s. ) what the hell ? who be you ? you be a whore . this be what you do . bruce put a foot on the first step up to '' int . selina be apartment - night campbell kick in the door— crack ! selina ( back away ) you can not do this . I pay you . I have always pay you . campbell grab selina be wrist . selina kick he in the crotch '' thwack . campbell bitch ! campbell slap her across the face , hard . she crash into a table cover with leather bond , rubber gear . mask . cat scamper in all direction . selina scramble for the door . campbell jerk she back into the room and slam she against the wall . selina punch campbell '' pop '' in the face . campbell be head snap back and selina make a break for the door . he put a hand to he face and feel the blood . campbell ( cont 'd ) you be fuck dead . enraged , campbell move to block selina 's escape . he punch she in the stomach . she collapse . campbell pick up she cricket bat and start smash the place . smack '' a lamp fly into the wall . bash '' a music box explode into a million piece . campbell ( cont 'd ) I have have it up to here with all the bitch like you . campbell be stand over selina now , cricket bat in he hand . campbell ( cont 'd ) I be go to show you once and for all . selina be terrified ! campbell bend down and grab selina viciously by the throat and '' lift her off the ground with one hand . she be choking . campbell ( cont 'd ) you be mine to do with as I please , you understand that ? and now it 's go to please I to kill you . he cock the cricket bat back , about to smash she brain out when '' suddenly bruce appear in the room . he face : a mask of unholy rage . campbell what the fuck do you want ? get the hell out of here ! bruce do not say a word . he just deliver a upper cut '' smack '' to campbell be rib cage . a couple rib go . a leave hook '' smack '' to campbell be face . the nose shatter . a elbow '' smack '' to campbell be head . the jaw break . campbell stumble back to the wall . fall to he knee . bruce be not finish with campbell . he move in . selina grab the cricket bat— crack ! she hit bruce ! a startle bruce stagger . thing - selina sorry about that . - go '' selina ( cont 'd ) but he 's mine . - dark . much later : bruce slowly come around . selina be go . campbell lie smashed out on the floor in a puddle of blood . dead . red light flash from the street . footstep in the hall . voice . cop ( o.s. ) that one at the end of the hall . gordon ( o.s. ) you go in yet ? bruce hold he head , spin circle and look for a way out . cop ( o.s. ) just get here , only peek through the door . do not want to disturb the scene . bruce try to squeeze out the bathroom window— too small . int . cathouse . hallway - dawn gordon ( pull down yellow police tape ) who call it in ? cop a guy name chi - chi . claim he 's the property manager . more like a pimp . gordon step on he marlboro . just as he touch the knob '' flass push past the uniform officer . gordon turn '' int . selina's apartment - dawn bruce look out the back window '' cop everywhere . int . cathouse . hallway - pawn gordon block the doorway -- flass what the hell be you do here ? gordon it 's my collar . flass like hell it be . get out of my way . gordon do not move . flass muscle past gordon and open the door into— int . selina's apartment - dawn bruce look out the bedroom window , it 's a narrow air- shaft who 's bottom open in a rubbish - fill mini-courtyard . bruce look over '' the front door be open . flass ( o.s. ) Jimmy -boy , I be not kid around now . gordon back into the apartment , he 's be shove . bruce make a desperate play and throw himself out the window . he hang four storey up by he finger as inside '' gordon ok , have it you way . gordon stand aside . flass yeah , that 's what I think -- then , confront with the sight of he dead partner '' flass ( cont 'd ) oh Christ ! outside the window bruce be slip . he try to get he foot on the window sill below while '' gordon ( to the cop ) I think you say there be two body . cop ( shrug ) that 's what this chi - chi guy say . and that 's what it look like about three minute ago . bruce can not reach the sill with he foot . gordon squat down and inspect the body . a series of four '' deep scratch '' line campbell be cheek . beat cop ( to gordon ) girl who life here go by the name of mistress selina . 21 , 5 '9 " 120 pound . Works a S&M dungeon , uh , obviously . she have not turn up yet . flass casually toss the apartment , look out the back window , open a wall closet , pick up some handcuffs '' bruce can not hold on any more . he slip and fall . while flass look at the cuff , gordon ( to flass ) you do not seem all that break up . this be you partner here , right ? flass , angry , throw they back and slam the closet door '' just at the moment bruce crash into the rat-infested rubbish below . gordon hearing something , take a look out the window where bruce be hang moment ago . flass this kind of shit happen everyday . I have learn to grieve in my own way , Jimmy -boy . gordon ( pull head back in ) and what , exactly , do that mean ? flass it mean I be go to find she and put she in a box gordon it 's that simple , huh ? flass yup . in the air-shaft , bruce climb out from under the filth and push open a basement window . gordon come on . there 's more go on here . she do not do this alone . what be it ? campbell want he graft in trade ? that pimp get tired of pay you guy off ? flass ( to the beat cop ) you . get out . the beat cop leave . flass ( cont 'd ) listen Boy scout , you need to think , long and hard about what you say and do on the job . you be in way over you head . keep it up , and someone 's go to get hurt . flass storm out . gordon watch he go . ext . cathouse - moment later cop loaf around the crime scene eat doughnut . bruce try to look inconspicuous on the sidewalk , hand in he pocket , head down . flass burst out of the building and slam into bruce . flass shove bruce . flass watch where you be go . punk . they hold eye contact for a tense moment . selina's apartment - moment later gordon be alone with the body . he stand soaking up the detail with a troubled look on he face . int . gordon' apartment , bedroom - night gordon sit on the bed with he arm around he wife . she 's cry . gordon honey , come on . I do not mean it . it 's just , raise a child in this hell hole . maybe after my transfer go through thing will be different . ann jerk she shoulder away and exit in a huff . leave gordon alone with the— tv news '' news anchor , brian be gotham City in the middle of a crime wave ? murder , prostitution , drug , racketeer , all on the rise . the commissioner 's office refuse to comment . on the tv : thomas wayne 's crest , a intertwined ' T ' and ' W . ' news anchor , brian when we return : can the Wayne Corporation find the miss heir to thomas wayne 's fortune before the 15 year deadline ? gordon pay no attention . int . outside commissioner loeb' office - day gordon sit in the wait room outside a door mark ' Police commissioner gillian loeb ' . loud , muffle voice argue on the other side . loeb 's secretary be do a crossword puzzle , oblivious . the door open , gotham 's young Assistant District Attorney , harvey dent , stand in it yell back into the office . dent you can not protect he forever . estrada will go down and you will go with he . dent slam the door and stomp off . the secretary push a button on the intercom . secretary commissioner loeb , there 's a detective Gordon here to see you . loeb ( o.s. ) send he in . gordon enter '' int . commissioner loeb' office '' moment later gordon muster all he confidence as he approach loeb who work a exercise spring in he beefy fist . gordon Sir , I be detective James Gordon . I be here about my transfer . loeb I know who you be , Gordon . Chief Collins have tell I all about you . say you be another cowboy , like you friend dent there . say you do not understand the way thing be do . gordon I have never meet Assistant d.a. dent , sir . and do not know why Chief Collins would say anything like that . loeb ( rub temple ) there 's no transfer for you , Gordon . it 's my responsibility to train young officer a proper respect for tradition , for the establish order of thing . you need to learn what it take to be a cop in gotham . gordon if by ' tradition ' you mean graft and '' loeb ( interrupt ) I suggest you be a little more selective in you manner of speech , detective . thing could get awfully difficult for you around here . and you do not want that , not for you lovely wife . gordon be jaw drop at the over threat . loeb ( cont 'd ) you be mine Gordon . without say a word gordon turn and leave '' defeated . int . gordon' apartment . bathroom - evening gordon have he gun in he mouth . he look down at he shaking fist . he open it '' empty ! this time he's load the bullet into the gun . the hammer pull back '' we hear the front door open and the sound of ann look through the apartment for gordon . then she 's at the door '' ann ( o.s. ) Jim . Jim , it 's a boy . gordon take the gun out of he mouth . it 's like he have just hear she voice for the first time . he burst out of the bathroom and engulf he wife in a hug . gordon a boy . we be go to have a baby boy . a smile cross ann be lip . ext . junk yard behind al' garage - day bruce work like a fiend . he's possessed . sweat soak through he clothes as he heave engine into a giant crushing machine . he pull the lever . solid steel pop and crack like egg . little al watch , then approach and shut off the machine . little al this can not go on . bruce what ? little al when be the last time you sleep more than two hour in a row ? bruce do not answer . little al ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . you be go to hurt yourself . you need time to sort stuff out . consider yourself on vacation . go. little al point to bruce be door . int . greasy spoon diner - the next day gordon look tired , as if he 's be up all night think . he have not touch he food . but he have pile a ashtray full of marlboro butt . the counter man , dave , fill he coffee cup . dave you ok , Jim ? gordon thanks Dave , you ever notice how , sometimes , come to a realization about something , you know , figure out something important , only make everything more difficult ? dave um , I guess . there be this one time my brother - in- law want to open a bar and the wife say ... the conversation be interrupt by gordon' radio . radio four - sixteen . dutton height housing project . hostage situation . suspect armed and dangerous . swat team have be deploy . responding officer report to commissioner loeb on site . gordon what the hell be loeb do there ? gordon jump to he foot and grab he coat . dave what 's up Jim , that 's not even you beat ? gordon ( run for the door ) loeb 's a animal . it will be a bloodbath . gordon run for the door and out onto '' ext . the street op gotham CITY - moment later gordon drive like a madman through the run-down East end . siren blaring . lightning rip across the clear sky . a storm be roll in . ext . the dutton height housing project - minute later uniformed police officer hold back curious resident . a gunman yell unintelligibly from the roof of the project . gordon arrive the same time as the tv news van from Channel one eyewitness News . park at the center of the police encampment : a swat van . Inside a half dozen man strap on body armor and check they machine gun . loeb ah , the cowboy . come to see how real policeman earn they pay ? gordon where 's the negotiator ? the swat guy be climb out of the van , ready for action . loeb he 's work a jumper on the herzog Bridge . we do not have time to wait . time be money , tax - payer 's money . gordon more like voter ' money . that 's it , be not it ? you be here for the tv camera . gordon , disgust , head back toward he car . someone in the crowd oh my god he 's get a baby ! gordon stop . look up . the gunman in fact hold a little baby . look over . loeb 's sniper have take they position . lightning . the gunman be spin around with the child in he arm , yell at the lighten . the sniper try to line up they shot . it 's all happen too fast . loeb talk to the sniper on a radio . loeb take you shot . sniper ( on radio ) the baby be in the way . it 's a tough shot . loeb just do you job . shoot he ! the gunman wave a 9 mm over the edge of the roof . the tv cameras zoom in on the gunman . the situation slip out of control . someone in the crowd someone save the baby ! gordon ( to himself ) aww , fuck it . gordon step out from behind the police barricade . loeb Gordon ! get you ass back here , now ! gordon ignore he and hold up he revolver with two finger on its barrel . gordon ( shout ) hey ! hey you ! I be come up ! gordon drop he weapon '' thud '' and enter the building . the tv cameras eat it up . meanwhile , across town in - int . bruce wayne's apartment - day bruce be a ball of nervous ENERGY ; outside , the rain beat down on he window . he pace back and forth . crash . lightning rip across the blue sky . he try to write a letter . boom thunder roll . he can not sit still . bruce ( v.o. ) October 3 . dear Father , it 's only get worse . it 's tear I apart . I be afraid it 's happen . I have let it out . Father , I have let you down . I may have kill a man last night . I may be a murderer . I be no better than he be , a monster . back at the '' int . dutton height housing project - moment later gordon creak up the stair . he approach a door that say " roof " . he ease it OPEN . the scruffy gunman yell up at tv news helicopter . gunman no identify mark . a million loser never finish . his blond hair , go gray , stick to he lip as he scream . gunman ( cont 'd ) spider nasty . do not noise it . no gangrene lunch . gordon step out on the roof , hand open in front of he . the gunman have a 9 mm press into a little boy' mouth . he hold the child against he own chest . if he fire he will kill the child and himself . the terrified child cry for he mother . gordon hi , my name be Jim . gordon step forward to shake hand . the guy freak '' gunman loudmouth fraud . Liberty be a ape . tv news cameras circle overhead capture the whole scene . gunman ( cont 'd ) so I say to he , I say , " to he " . gordon point to the sky , act angry '' gordon umm , bad helicopter ! meanwhile back in '' int . bruce wayne's apartment - day bruce continue with he letter— bruce ( v.o. ) please tell I what to do , Father . I be afraid . bruce pick up the wooden BOX . he stare at it for a long moment then suddenly '' throws it against the wall - smack '' it smashes the vacuum tube of a electronics project - pop pop pop - overload circuit burn out more equipment . SPARKS explode from the blow fuse BOX '' bruce ( scream ) tell I what you want I to do ! '' and shower down onto the floor . the workshop plummet into darkness except for one tv . it cast a eerie blue glow . bruce look over at the tv news '' on the tv - gordon be on the roof with the gunman . the gunman recoil and spin look around , frantic . gordon ease closer while he 's distract by the lightning . gunman we be rich . again . gordon where be you medication ? you have to trust you doctor , trust in the system . gordon slide closer to the gunman with every word . gunman Nice toilet . gordon everything will be fine if you just follow the program . but gordon be word seem hollow . they have no effect on the gunman . gunman I will change he with my love . the gunman jam the 9 mm further into the child 's mouth , he 's about to pull the trigger . the hammer start go back ! gordon act without think . he throw a right cross '' crunch ! '' drop the gunman , knock away he 9 mm just as - bang ! - he pull the trigger , miss the child . int . bruce wayne's apartment - day Bruce flinch at the sound of the gunshot . ext . dutton height housing project . roof - day the tv camera frame a close - up shot . the gunman , now lie on the roof , reach for the child , a arm out -stretch . smash CUT : ext . a grand theater - night bruce 's father lie in a puddle of blood , a arm outstretch , reach for young bruce . he grab the boy' hand and close something inside they . father ( weakly ) you inheritance . use it wisely , son . young bruce kneel in silence with he die parent . smash CUT : ext . dutton height housing project . roof - day gordon be on top of the gunman raining punch down on he face '' pow , pow , pow '' until the gunman stop struggle for the little baby . int . bruce wayne's apartment - moment later bruce be entrance by what he see on the tv . ext . dutton height housing project . roof - moment later gordon , with the little boy on he hip , emerge from the building to the cheer of the crowd just as - lightning - the gotham skie let loose a torrent of rain on the dirty CITY . the tv news media ignore the storm and mob gordon . jam in he face . bruce watches— reporter you go against direct order from the commissioner . why do not you follow normal police procedure ? gordon I do not like what pass for normal in this town . crime be normal in gotham . corruption be normal . the scum of this city have take so much from we , we youth , we family . I have declare my war on crime ! ( point into the camera ) now you must fight back for what 's be lose ! at the same time : int . bruce wayne's apartment-day the word be a revelation to bruce . he tear himself away from the tv and dig wildly through the burn electronics until he have the scorched wooden BOX in he shaking fist . bruce now I understand . he rip open the wooden BOX revealing he father 's heavy , silver signet ring ball up in old newspaper . it bare the intertwined initial - ' T ' and ' W '. bruce run out the door with the wooden BOX and up onto the '' ext . rooftop over bruce wayne's apartment '' moment later lightning . sheet of rain fall on bruce 's face as he slide the signet ring on he wet finger and scream up into the storm '' bruce thank you Father . thank you . I know what I must do . lightning fill the sky as we '' CUT to : ext . dutton height housing project - second later '' we hear thunder . gordon extract himself from the throng of media who now turn on loeb . reporter what be go through you head ? why do you try to stop detective Gordon from save that child ? loeb ( uncomfortable ) I assure you I have no intention of ... gordon be hear enough . turn away , he smile and light a marlboro . a patrolman jog up to he . patrolman Sir , sir . you gun he hand over gordon' service revolver , the one he would put in he mouth so often . patrolman ( cont 'd ) look like the finish have wear off the barrel . gordon guess it 's time for a new a new gun , huh ? gordon take the weapon and head to he car . ext . east end sidewalk - the next day bruce , dress in a overcoat , wait in a doorway while chi chi talk to skinny girl in fish - net stocking . chi - chi I do not care if you be pregnant with the second come of Christ . I make the appointment and you will be there . bruce ( v.o. ) October 4 . Father , the trail begin with the pimp . he be only a guppy swim in the cesspool but he know where she be . I must find she . chi - chi leave the skinny girl cry . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she use I to kill that man . and murder be not allow . chi - chi pass bruce 's doorway . four deep scratch cross he cheek . bruce step out . chi - chi ( startled ) oh , the retard . get lose . bruce where 's selina chi - chi selina ? she 's good as dead by now . come around tomorrow . I will have another dominatrix by then . bruce I do not want she for that . chi - chi yeah ? that 's not what it look like the other night . you guy get a little carry away with you game , huh ? bruce you be there ? you let she get away ? chi - chi ( finger he cheek ) yeah she get away but they will find she . she will fry for kill that cop . bruce ( grab chi - chi ) you be go to help I find she . instantly chi - chi stab at bruce with the switchblade . bruce float to the side and stomp on the pimp 's knee '' crunch '' bend it in a way knee be never mean to bend . the pimp writhes in pain on the ground '' chi - chi you psycho ! I know you . I have see you face , man , you can not hide bruce walk away '' bruce ( v.o. ) and so it begin . I will not let you down . you loving son , Bruce . he 's get a new spring in he step . on the tv '' channel one eyewitness news run a special report . the anchorman deliver he line under the title ' super cop '. anchor , brian detective James Gordon wow the city of gotham by single - handedly rescue a small child from the hand of a escape mental patient and possible avoid needless bloodsh and mayhem at the hand of this city 's notoriously violent swat team . his comment to the press highlight a grow rift between various department within the police force . he hint at charge of police corruption and promise to wage a one - man war on crime . I do not know about you Sandy , but this reporter find such straight talk very refresh . CO - anchor jane indeed Brian . now let 's take a look at sport '' we pull back wider to see the tv play in '' int . gordon' apartment - evening gordon and ann be watch on the sofa . ann be stunne . ann this be a big deal . they be go to want you on talk show , you know ? you be go to need a new suit . gordon ( laugh ) let 's go celebrate ! ann honey , we can not . it 's late , we have already eat . gordon then , let 's get a drink . ann ( laugh ) Jim ! hello ? I be with child . gordon oh , sorry . right . then dinner , Friday . how 's La bonne maison sound ? ann ooh , Fancy . it 's a date . ann pull she husband down on top herself , kissing he . int . brucb wayne's apartment - night the tv news play in the back ground as bruce apply a fake scar onto he cheek . bruce ( v.o. ) November 8 . dear Father , the pimp know my face . a distracting scar will hopefully mask my identity . bruce put on the overcoat and wide - brimm , conceal hat . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) tonight I begin you revenge . I will rid this city of its cancer . I will draw the scum to I and make they pay . bruce hold up he fist and on it '' bruce ( cont 'd ) Father , tonight I be declare war ! you loving son , Bruce . '' he father' signet ring . ext . east end park - night bruce have a tourist map in he hand , he act lose . a pair of muggers saunter out of the night . they circle . mugger # I need some help mister . maybe you be lose ? bruce say nothing , just soak in the atmosphere of violence . mugger # 1 you could use a guide to show you where the bad place be . mugger # 2 yeah , to protect you from the bad element . bruce crack a gentle smile . mugger # 2 ( cont 'd ) we will take care of you mister . but you have to give we a tip . ( hold out hand ) now ! money ! one of the assailant become impatient and shove bruce . there be no delay in cause and effect . the shove spark a almost orgasmic release of RAW , pent up violence from bruce . he explode - crack ! crack ! crack ! crack ! bruce punch mugger # 1 in the chest , rapid -fire brutal , rib crunch . mugger # 2 step into the fray . bruce neatly snap he arm - crunch '' and swing a elbow '' pop '' shatter mugger # 2's face . he slam to the pavement in sudden , surprised pain . bruce stand over both the fall muggers and breathes in a huge lung - full of the crisp , clear night air . a calm wash over he . bruce here 's you tip . he deliver a final kick and walk off into the night '' a change man . ext . east end alley - night skinhead divide the content of a bloody purse . a beaten woman lie sobbing on the ground by some trash can . skinhead # 1 you take the credit card last time . then , suddenly aware of someone else in the alley , they turn to see bruce stand over they . skinhead # 2 look like it 's go to be a good night , boy . the skinhead descend on bruce . bruce yes . it do . bruce tear into the skinhead with all the joy of a child on Christmas . bruce punch the skinhead in the face , he father 's signet ring crush flesh against bone , leave a deep bloody MARK . ext . east end STREET - night a greasy junky hold a fake pearl necklace up to he dealer . greasy junky but that 's all I get . dealer then you will have to go get something else . wo not you ' pay - phone ring . the dealer answer bruce appear behind the drug dealer at he pay - phone . dealer ( cont 'd ) can not you see I be do business here ? wait you turn . bruce I be do wait . bruce grab the dealer' head by the hair and slam it '' bash ! bash ! bash ! '' into the metal pay - phone . bruce ( cont 'd ) welcome to my war . the dealer slide to the ground . bruce walk off . his fake scar hang half off he cheek . the sun be just beginning to peek over the wear rooftop . int . bruce wayne's apartment - morning bruce sleep . deep . SOUND . restful . a comfort smile tease the edge of he lip . int . LA bonne maison - evening ann and gordon enjoy a nice dinner together in one of gotham 's finest restaurant . ann to my Super cop . gordon to the most beautiful woman in gotham . clink . gordon ( cont 'd ) thing be go to be different , baby . I feel it . ( notice something ) shit ! ann ( worried ) what it be honey ? gordon I do not believe it . gordon watch as commissioner loeb and emilio estrada be lead to a private dining room along with several scantily clad , exotic-looking woman . estrada hand the waiter a hundred dollar bill . his face be a emotionless mask , perfectly smooth and featureless , the result of a compulsive addiction to cosmetic surgery . ann who be that with commissioner loeb ? he look like a zombie . gordon stand up and start dump bill on the table . ann ( cont 'd ) jim ? what 's the matter , honey ? gordon drag wife from the restaurant . ext . sidewalk outside LA bonne maison - evening gordon be livid . gordon I can not believe he 's so blatant . ann who ? what 's the matter ? gordon Christ ! do not you read the papers ? that be emilio estrada . " gotham 's Golden pimp " . the one harvey dent have up on charge 6 month ago . and now he 's eat at La bonne maison with my Police commissioner . ok ? that 's what 's the matter . ann , hurt , jerk she hand free and walk ahead . gordon realize he 's cross the line . he 's piss at himself for scare he wife . he lash out and kick a nearby trash can . gordon ( cont 'd ) dammit ! gordon jog to catch up and gently take ann be arm . ann I be you wife , not some rookie cop you can treat any old way you want . gordon I be sorry I snap at you . ( sigh ) look . that be brutal and vicious man . and they be make this city a bad place to live , to raise our son . it 's just , I do not know what to do . I get angry . I get angry for US . for the baby . ann ( touch he cheek ) I know . but what can you do ? you be just one man . you can not carry the whole city on you back . gordon there be something I can do . I can go over they head . I can go to the Mayor . ann be that safe ? gordon ( shake head ) no . gordon put he coat over ann be shoulder , they walk off . bruce write a letter '' brucb ( v.o. ) October 12 . dear Father , it 's work . I have engage the enemy , make progress . but I have only strike at they front line , the grunt . tonight , I start climb they chain of command . then bruce open a binder full of meticulous note , drawing , chart , and report . he turn to a STREET map mark with red 'x 's and scowl at it . ext . the comet lounge . east end gotham - night this be easily the lowest rank drink establishment in gotham . most of the bar 's patron originate from the gotham City correction facility locate directly across the street . flicker neon sign : " first beer free with release papers . " bruce watch from a doorway as newly release prisoner make a bee-line from the jail into the comet lounge . bruce step over a pair of drunk on the sidewalk and into '' int . the comet lounge - night the place emanate pure menace . the patron consist of doom addict hunkere over they drink , deflate whore and work - class thug with overly attentive eye . murder seem a everyday occurrence . bruce take a table away from the sodden trio on the stage , accompany a floor show of transvestite singer and dancer who double as waitress . once seat , bruce be visit by a flock of waitress and waiter . they sit on he lap , rub up against he , play with he hair . transvestite # L and what have we here ? transvestite # 2 ooh , big . waiter honey , you want a private show ? transvestite # L hey , back off . I see he first . waitress can I get you something ? bruce beer . transvestite # 1 see that little door over there ? for $ 50 I will blow you mind . bruce no thanks . waiter he do not want what you get , skank . bruce you do not have what I be look for either . bruce stuff small bill in they sagging bras . the money attract attention . transvestite # 2 come on baby , I can cheer you up . bruce I doubt it . the waitress return with a beer . waitress that will be $ 2 , honey . bruce pull out a huge roll of bill and peel off a fifty . bruce keep it . the waitress register fear at the sight of all that money . she barely have she money before more than a dozen thug set upon bruce from all angle with knive , club , bottle and pool queue . bruce jump to he feet . the table , chair , and transvestite tumble to the ground . the first guy swing a pool queue baseball bat style . bruce duck under it and '' crunch '' come up with a knee into the guy 's groin . the second guy get a elbow to the nose . the third , FOURTH and fifth guy move in together . bruce drop that three with a series of vicious rabbit punch to they face '' pop , pop , pop . but it 's with number six through 16 that he run into trouble . they work as a team and surround bruce . the first one smashes bruce with a chair '' then , another clock he in the head with a whiskey bottle '' and a third belt he in the jaw with brass knuckle . bruce stagger back . the man descend and beat he to the ground . we lose sight of bruce under a rain of kick , punch , bottle and swinging pool queue . then suddenly bruce '' explode '' through the attacker , line - backer style , send they sprawling . he break across the room and through a door mark ' exit ' . the room go silent '' beat '' then break into laughter . bruce have cornere himself inside the '' int . women' bathroom . the comet lounge - night the small , dirty room have no window . the only other door open onto toilet stall and a clean closet full of mop , bucket and cleaning supplies . bruce ( v.o . ) it be almost a stupid death '' then he eye fall on the cleaning supplies . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - be it not for you birthday gift , that chemistry set I so love . bruce rifle through the chemical . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ammonia , borax , bleach , peroxide , baking soda . thank you , Father . bruce grab a plastic jug and dump hand full of borax and baking soda into it , topping it off with a blast of dry propellant from a fire extinguisher . outside the door in '' int . the comet lounge - night the man taunt he . attacker # 1 when you be do powder you nose , can I have a free date ? attacker # 2 do not forget to wash you titty . meanwhile , inside '' int women' bathroom . the comet lounge - night bruce pick the toilet cake out of a filthy toilet and shatter it against the porcelain sink . he drop that into the plastic jug and start mixing liquid in a empty Beer bottle '' ammonia , bleach , peroxide . bruce stab the plastic jug with a screw driver while outside the door in '' int . the comet lounge - night the man , now do with they taunting , approach the door int . women' bathroom . the comet lounge - night bruce hold the plastic jog in one hand and the Beer bottle in the other . he take a deep breath and dump the liquid into the plastic jog '' int . the comet lounge - night suddenly the door burst OPEN . a tatter and beat bruce stand hold the plastic jug . he toss the plastic jug at a thug but it miss and slide under the pool table '' bruce it 's over . you people should get out of here , ( beat ) it be not safe . the thug whip out a long scalloped knife and come at bruce . thug with knife let 's see what you have for lunch . under the pool table the plastic jug bubble and steam . the man raise they pool queue and encircle bruce . bruce have it you way . bruce jerk a neon beer advertisement off the wall as he leap up onto a pool table . the sign shatter . SPARKS shower down whoosh ! the low-lying gass go up in blue - hot flame . every man stand on the floor collapse in agony '' pants on fire , leg scorched . bruce casually step from he pool table onto the bar '' bruce gentlemen , thank you for the dance . '' walk down the bar and hop out the front door . int . bruce wayne's apartment - morning a badly beat bruce finish he letter with a bruise fade and a black eye swollen almost shut . bruce ( v.o. ) tonight I learn that I be nothing more than a lucky amateur . to climb the ladder of crime , I will need protection , weapon , technique . I need to cultivate a advantage if I be to take my war up the ladder of crime to the boss , to the general . but what should that advantage be , Father . how will I find it ? you loving son , Bruce . bruce finish the letter , fold it , put it into a envelope and stamp it . he look at it for a moment then add it to a cardboard shipping BOX with hundred just like it . int . mayor noone's office - day Mayor noone greet gordon at the door to he gild , wood panell office . noone I hear you have some disturbing news regard the East end precinct detective Gordon . gordon yes , sir . I be afraid so . noone first let I say how impressed I be that you have come forward . I know how hard this situation can be . I want you to know I admire you bravery and integrity . we need more man like you on the force . gordon thank you sir . I be not try to be a hero or anything . it 's just that ... well , thing be out of control . noone of course , I understand . have a seat . now tell I everything . why do you come to my office ? it 's not the normal route . why bypass internal affair ? gordon I believe the problem go beyond the East end precinct , far higher . I have see the money , be offer bribe '' almost force to take they . noone I see . gordon I can name name . I be willing to testify . I believe my current notoriety with the news media make this the perfect time to bring this matter to the public . if we hold a press conference ... noone ( interrupt ) whoah , slow down , Jim . I be afraid it 's not as simple as that . we have to be very careful how we present we case . now who have you tell about what you know ? who know you have contact I ? gordon no one . I mean besides my wife . I do not know what sort of repercussion I would face if they know I be here . noone good . the fewer people who know the better . you may be in serious danger if this corrupt officer know we be work together . gordon yeah . ok . what do you want I to do ? noone for now , I will see what I can do on my end . I want you to lay low , act normal . I will contact you when it 's time for we to make we move . gordon but sir , there have to be something I can do to help we prepare we case . at least I can document what I see . noone do nothing to jeopardize you safety . keep clear of the officer involved . let they think it 's business as usual in gotham while we work up a plan of action . gordon ( nod ) ok . noone ( stand and offer hand ) good . you will see , we will get this guy . noone see gordon to the door . int . gotham public library - day bruce bring a huge pile of book to the busy young librarian at the checkout counter . librarian understand ballistics , improvise munition , explosive : step by step , guerrilla warfare , neurochemistry , thrown weapon handbook , 101 sucker punch ... ( laugh ) look like you be start a war . bruce say nothing . she look up for the first time , see he bruise face librarian ( cont 'd ) you know what ? why do not you just take this . you look trustworthy . bring they back whenever you like . the librarian slowly back away from the counter . ext . gotham public library - day bruce leave with he arm full of book . bruce ( v.o. ) November 15 . dear Father , I be ready for the next level . I realize now violence alone be not enough . I must become a detective , a scientist , a scholar of crime . bruce dump the book into the Al and Son garage truck . int . army / navy store - day bruce shop : ammo belt , hunting knife with boot sheath , combat boot , binoculars . bruce ( v.o. ) I will need tool to give I a edge . bruce hold up a heavy helmet device with wire stick out . ext . hardware store - day bruce wheel a shopping cart out of a mega - BOX store to he truck . there he load he purchase into the back : spray paint , saw , tin snip , razor , duct tape , industrial glue . bruce ( v.o. ) I will no longer rely on strength alone . bruce start the truck . int . sporting good store - pay a clerk eye bruce warily as he charge through the place , look everything over . bruce hold up a white field hockey mask . glare at it . bruce ( v.o. ) Father , I can feel myself transforming . at the checkout counter , the clerk stare numbly as across the counter slide a goalie' mask , a padd glove , shin guard , and a bright - red catcher 's chest protector . clerk credit or cash , dude ? bruce Cash . keep the change . bruce slap a wad of twenties on the counter . ext . east end parking lot , behind megamart - night gordon pull up to a small gang of young gang member slinging drug from the parking lot . they scatter . gordon steer to block the escape of one gang member , o'neil . gordon hey , o'neil ! o'neil ! come here . I be not go to do nothing . I just want to talk to you . o'neil I be pay up man . right on time . gordon I know . I know . get in . o'neil get into the passenger side . gordon ( cont 'd ) thing go ok down here this day ? o'neil ( suspicious ) yeah . gordon Officer cramden be take care of you ? o'neil . what be this ? gordon think of it as quality control . we just want to make sure you be get everything you be pay for . a happy drug dealer be a profitable drug dealer . so you be up to , what , $ 200 a week now . o'neil $ 250 papa , and I still get the mexican bite into my turf . I tell cramden , he say he would take care of it but he spend all he time sampling the merchandise down at the lab . gordon the lab , huh ? o'neil yeah , he 's over there partying while they mexican be out slinging product by my doughnut King . gordon that so ? o'neil ( cocky ) yeah . that 's so . and I want to know what you be go to do about it . gordon oh , I know just how to take care of this situation . gordon grab o'neil and smashes he face into the dashboard . gordon ( cont 'd ) take I to the lab . gordon jam the dealer 's head under the dash and cuff he . ext . rundown warehouse district - night gordon put the car in park and watch a low - sling warehouse . suspicious look man stand outside . gordon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) corruption log , day six . despite the mayor 's advice , I be find it harder and harder to remain a quiet observer . gordon - with the cuffed o'neil - drive off . int . police precinct house . book station - later . jail cell line the wall of the large room . the prisoner , cocky and defiant , taunt the police and laugh . they call the cop pussies and faggot . gordon shove the bruise o'neil into the book station . gordon ( v.o. ) I have transcribe testimony from one Trey o'neil , appendix 17 , describe the officer Jonathan cramden as a enforcer for East end drug dealer . gordon drag o'neil to the book station amid angry stare from the other officer present '' gordon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be play a dangerous game . this man be serious . but I will not sit by any longer . I can not . I have a son to think about now . '' include one officer with the name " cramden " stitched into he uniform . int . bruce wayne's apartment - night bruce read a recipe from the anarchist 's handbook and mix a tar-like substance on he scar and blacken stove . bruce ( v.o. ) October 29 . dear Father , I will be as devious as my enemy . chemistry project bubble on every burner . bruce very carefully pour yellow liquid into a glass vial . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will learn he trick . he draw a milky substance from a pyrex beaker into a vicious look syringe . bruce fire a copper wire out of a black tube . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will follow he lead . bruce carry a fry pan cake in gray goo out into the junkyard . he put it on a pile of car part . insert a fuse , light it , and get away fast '' boom ! '' a huge explosion light the night sky and send debris fly in all direction . bruce ( v.o. ) I will show they no mercy . you loving son , Bruce . bruce smile at the smoking crater . int . gotham justice build garage - night gordon be footstep echo through the empty garage . he put he key in the car door then , turn at a SOUND . a baseball bat drag across the concrete floor . gordon pivot as more baseball bat approach from every direction . shadow figure surround gordon . flass you know the order , dude . just enough to keep he out of the hospital . and out of the paper . we do not want no trouble for we hero cop make it into the paper . a baseball bat slam into gordon' side . we see silhouettes as a dozen men swing baseball bat at the helpless gordon . he do not have a chance against the bastard . when they finish , he 's lie on the ground bleeding . flass ( cont 'd ) this be just a warning . would not want you pretty wife to get hurt because of you stubbornness , Jimmy . flass drop he black and yellow baseball bat on gordon . they leave , laugh and dragging bat on the concrete floor . slowly , gordon get to he foot and head home to the '' int . hallway outside gordon' apartment - later gordon drag he batter body slowly down the hall to he door . he enter . ann ( o.s. ) oh my God , jim ! the door swing shut . int . chop - shop . east end - night bruce enter a large , dirty garage where young man dismantle expensive sport car . bruce ( v.o. ) November 2 . dear Father , you always tell I , if a job be difficult , then I be use the wrong tool . today I test that theory . all eye fall on the tall stranger as he fling open he long overcoat . he 's wear the brightly color sport gear under he coat and the catcher' mask under he wide - brimm hat . bruce ( cont 'd ) put this on . he toss a pile of handcuff on a work bench . the thief , stunned for a moment , break out laugh . they attack with the tool of they trade '' butane torch , cutter , hammer . bruce take a terrible beat but he give back at least twice what he 's get . until a under - boss pull out a gun . bruce slam a handful of glass vial into the gunman 's chest . white phosphorous explosion blind the would be shooter , burn he clothes and face . bruce ( cont 'd ) ok , that 's enough fun for now . bruce throw another handful of vial at the criminal '' pop , pop , pop '' the man instantly fall to they hand and knee vomit as bruce make he exit . ext . ally behind the chop - shop '' moment later bruce be catcher 's mask fly through the air and shatter against stone wall . bruce ( v.o. ) too much protection , just slowed I down . the chest protector slip into a dumpster . int . bruce wayne's apartment - later bruce , naked , sews stitch into he stomach with a needle and thread . deep cut on he back ooze blood , they be stitched up only as far around as he can reach . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have the tool but not the methodology . something be still miss . Father . I need a edge , a advantage '' on the tv - under the word special report '' tv news anchor , brian criminal be a superstitious and cowardly lot . it 's obvious this vigilante be try to scare and intimidate they with violence . tv news CO - anchor , jane that 's right brian , the vigilante mark he victim with a wound shape lake a bat . a obvious reference to the occult . they show victim with mark on there face . bruce look at he father 's signet ring and pick something ( a piece of flesh ? ) out of it with the sewing needle . the tv show a scared mugger in gotham prison 's Hospital . mugger I make a few mistake and I get this ? I get marked ! people will not even talk to I ! I be marked by the bat ! tv news anchor , brian but you know , jane , not everyone think the vigilante be the bad guy here . a lot of gotham 's common citizen be happy to see that people get what they deserve . tv news CO - anchor , jane thanks for that report , brian . up next , the bat -man vigilante : friend or foe ? bruce ( v.o. ) yes Father . now I see . thank you . you loving son , Bruce . bruce look over at the pile of supplies leave over from he shopping spree . bruce smile wide . he 's miss all he front tooth . int . commissioner loeb' office - the next day Mayor noone storm into loeb 's office . he 's piss . mayor noone loeb , what the hell be go on here ? Police officer beat in the precinct parking garage ? this be a officer who have come to I with serious accusation against this department . how do you think that look ? loeb Mayor , sit down . ( Mayor sit ) you should leave this to I . Frank . mayor noone but gillian , we operation . he know too much , and he be not back off . maybe we should slow thing down . if he go to the press ... loeb ( interrupt ) and maybe you need to remember who 's run this show . I will say when we slow thing down , which will be never , and how we handle Gordon . mayor noone he be at my office again . Said he 's make a file document what he know . I try to get it but he would not hand it over . he 's a loose cannon . there 's no tell what he might do . loeb do not you worry , Frank . I be put Gordon where he can not do any harm . loeb smile . int . bruce wayne's apartment - day bruce cut a hockey mask in half and spray-paint it black along with the ammo belt , the groin protector and knife . he paint a pair of steel denture white . bruce ( v.o. ) November 6 . dear Father , it 's all come together . I can feel it . bruce weld a familiar but primitive bat logo into a pair of brass knuckle . he try they on over a pair of heavy leather glove with razor blade fitte into the side-seam . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have everything I need . bruce fill the ammo belt with : rope , duct tape , lock pick set , dangerous look stun grenade '' bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all the piece be fall into place . '' syringe label ' stimulant ' , ' pain killer ' , ' truth serum ' , ' fear toxin ' '' bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everything be change . I be reborn . '' smoke bomb , also home make and dangerous look - bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I will show they no mercy . '' throwing knive , pepper spray , smelling salt , tape recorder , binoculars , sewing kit , and super -glue . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Father , you will have you revenge ! Bruce put on the leather glove and - click - the ammo belt around he waist . commissioner loeb' office - day gordon stand at attention before loeb 's huge , walnut desk . he 's swollen and bruise . gordon you want to see I , sir ? loeb yes , Gordon . I hear about the unfortunate incident the other day . ( sarcastic ) funny , you would think a train police officer would have no problem with thug in the precinct garage . gordon yes , you would . loeb be take back . be that some kind of jab ? he continue . loeb I be reassign you . gordon suppress a smile , hopeful . loeb ( cont 'd ) the press have its panty in a bunch , ask question , hound I . loeb enjoy it , draw it out . loeb ( cont 'd ) and because you seem to need a , umm , safer environment . I be put you on the bat -man vigilante case . gordon scowl . pure rage . int . gordon' apartment - that night gordon pound on a old typewriter at the kitchen table . marlboros overflow a ash tray . ann stand behind he in a nightgown , hand on he shoulder . ann honey , can not this wait ? gordon this file be my only chance . they put I on the bat - man case to get rid of I . I can not let loeb push I aside that easily . I have get to compile the evidence noone need to take they down . ann ok , honey . but come to bed soon . she give he a kiss and leave . gordon resume type . gordon ( V o. ) section fourteen : commissioner loeb . base on interview and my direct contact with the commissioner , I believe it be possible the commissioner 's involvement go far deeper than the kickback slush fund . loeb may be controlling all organize crime in gotham City . as of now this allegation be mere speculation , I do not have the resource to pursue that line of inquiry . gordon sigh , light another marlboro and go back to work . int . gotham justice build . basement - morning , gordon walk down dark stair , along a long corridor , down more stair , past drip pipe , through a door , down another hallway with flicker light , to the door to '' int . gordon be new office - morning on the wall hang map with numbered pin , police sketches of the bat -man and photo of the mark on victim ' face . as gordon enter , a young police officer , merkel , jump up . merkel good morning , sir . Three more come in last night sir . gordon let I guess , we will find all of they in the prison wing at gotham mercy . merkel yup . all three , admit last night . gordon we better hit the road then . I can get my coffee on the way . gordon leave . merkel run after he pull on he coat . int . gotham memorial hospital . security ward - later gordon and merkel meet Dr. wallace as they pass through security . they talk as they walk through the busy ward . everywhere beat man lie cuffed to hospital bed . some in traction , or horrible look brace . almost all bear the MARK of the bat . gordon Morning doctor . I hear you have a few more guest for we to talk to . dr , wallace merkel . Gordon . you laceration seem to be heal nicely . gordon ( ignore the remark ) so what do you have for we today ' dr wallace couple guy from a electronics store heist . Broken clavicle , some rib , dislocate shoulder , concussion and about 12 hour surgery between them . gordon and the other one ? dr , wallace a pusher from stilmore Heights . he will need some dental work and he take about 75 stitches but he 's ok . we have he in isolation if you want to talk to he . gordon yeah ? dr . wallace seem he be make to eat he own product . we have have to keep he away from the general population . the doctor stop to inspect the chart for a man in bandage . gordon ( to merkel ) do you notice anything about this man ? merkel you mean the mark of the bat ? gordon no , I be talk about they spirit . this man be break . scare . merkel look around . he's right ! some of the criminal be even cry . just then the doctor open a door for the cop . dr . wallace here 's you drug dealer . in the corner of the padded room cower the former shell of a once - tough street pusher . his haunt eye be frame by stitched - up wound that still very much resemble a bat . int . harvey denta office - later harvey dent open a door bear the word , " harvey dent , assistant district attorney " for gordon . the two man enter together . gordon carry a note pad . dent you be kid I ! I be the bat -man vigilante ? my wife will love this . gordon hey , you be young , you work out . and I have see you record . you have no love of organize crime . I see the estrada trial on tv . dent yeah , well he 's still on the street , be not he . if I be the vigilante , estrada would be make license plate right now , not run gotham 's prostitution racket . gordon yeah , it must be frustrating . ( flipping through note ) you know , estrada 's operation have be hit quite a few time . a detective be even kill at one of he brothel . dent I hear . detective campbell . no big loss for the department from what I understand . gordon smile at that . gordon yeah , well I have a list of date and time . I would like you to account for you whereabouts . dent ( take the list ) sorry detective , I be in DC at a convention for three of this date and my wife will tell you I be home with she for most of the rest . I be not you bat -man . wish I be but I be not . gordon no you do not . he 's a dangerous psychopath . and when I catch he , he 's go down hard . dent I be surprised to hear you say that Gordon . I hear you be one of few remain good cop on the force . gordon oh Christ , not you too . you of all people should know , we live in a society of law . this guy be not a hero . he think he 's above the law . he 's a terrorist . plain and simple . gordon light another marlboro . int . upholstery district cathouse - night selina and holly now live in a large warehouse divide by plywood into dozen of small room for prostitute . they cubicle sport a sagging bed and a gaudy pink paint-job . the ceiling be chicken wire . hundred of voice '' argue , copulate , flirt '' fill the cavernous space around and above they cubicle . selina wear a blonde wig . it 's dinner time , selina : tuna from a can , holly : pizza . holly selina , I do not like it here . selina hush . keep you voice down . I be mistress Kitty now . you have to remember that . no one can know who we be . holly I be sorry . selina look , I do not like it any better than you , ok ? but I have get a idea . we can change thing '' for real this time . holly what be you go to do ? selina I be go to take a little something back from that bastard . I be go to make they pay . holly can not we just leave town , go somewhere where chi - chi and the cop can not find we ? selina come on holly . if it be not chi - chi , it 's go to be someone else . ( move closer to holly ) now , I have be talk to some of the girl who work down on Franklin street . they say sometimes city limo pick up girl down there for party . I figure we get a camera ... holly ( interrupt ) you be scaring I . selina yeah , well , maybe it 's time we do some scare . selina finish she tuna and throw the can to a black cat . int . gordon' cramped , new office - night gordon smoke a cigarette and watch a small monitor set up on he desk . merkel stand behind he with he coat on . the security tape , choppy and grainy , show the inside of a jewelry store . four man climb through a break window and begin stuff they pocket with gem . gordon watch this . he scare the crap out of they . suddenly they all jump in surprise . a dark shadowy figure enter the frame . it 's the bat - man but we can not make out exactly what he look like . to we he 's just a big , black hulk . the man back away , scare . the shadowy figure leap on they . there 's a fight but it 's over very quickly . the shadowy figure leave the thief twitching on the floor . merkel Jesus . the guy be brutal . gordon yeah . brutal and vicious . merkel should not you call it a night ? gordon I have still get a little more work to do . merkel all right . well , good night , sir . merkel leave . gordon hit rewind . ext . girl galore peepshow theater - night gordon sit in he park car between Al and Son 's garage and the cathouse . chi - chi yell at the girl as he hobble down the step and get in he car . a moment later he pull out . gordon stub out he cigarette and pull out after he . from a nearby rooftop a large shadowy silhouette watch they both . int . harvey denta office - day gordon burst in unannounced . gordon harvey , I need a favor dent good morning to you too , Jim . gordon I need a search warrant . dent you do not need a warrant to search my place , Jim . you be always welcome . come over tonight and dig through my underwear drawer for a mask and cape . gordon sorry , you be not a suspect anymore , harvey . you be just not bat -man material . dent my wife will be so disappointed . she 's really into the suit . gordon yeah , ok . I do not need to hear that . ( get serious ) it 's not a bat - man thing , harvey . I have get a hunch . dent a hunch ? be not you suppose to stick to the bat - man case ? gordon that 's what I need you for . I can not request it myself . dent ok , I be listen gordon after we speak , I get to think about the campbell murder . he be kill inside one of estrada 's cathouse , just before the vigilante appear . and estrada 's prostitution ring have be hammer by the vigilante . dent so you think estrada can lead you to the bat -man ? gordon or the other way around . it do not matter . dent I still do not get it . gordon look , I just want to take a look inside one of estrada 's warehouse . ok ? dent hey. ok . you get it . I will put the request in front of judge gill this afternoon . Jim , this bat -man thing be really get to you , huh ? gordon the guy 's slippery and he 's get better . do bigger and bigger criminal . he 's change he m.o. , use a random pattern so we can not catch he . and he 's be work on he disguise . it 's ... transforming . smash CUT : ext . rooftop - night a shadow run across the gravel tope surface , and leap to the next roof . see from below as a fast , flutter blur against a cloud fill night -sky . he 's go from high building to lower one , jump and roll into the shadow . a window open , a confuse person look out . confuse person you see that harold ? harold ( o.s. ) Betty , ferchristsake , close the window . you will catch you death . Betty close the window and get back to she life . we follow he progress but have trouble see he . we catch a glimpse as he leap from a high building across a alley onto the fire escape on the other side . then he 's go over the lip of the roof . this be the bat - man 's environment , elevator room drip with tar , the water tower , the tv antennas , abandoned mattress , old chair , cable tv hookup box , the crisp night air , alone . the bat-man ( v.o. ) the new identity change everything , Father . I have a edge . I stay off the street , work only at night . I stab fear in they heart . I have become there nightmare ! then we finally get a good look at the bat - man deck out in he new thread . he 's massive , terrifying , spectacular . he stand on the edge of a high roof , silhouett against a giant full moon , watch a '' ext . east end warehouse . parking lot - night below gordon and a bunch of uniformed cop file out of a warehouse . gordon ball up a search warrant and throw it into the gutter , disgust . the cop drive off moment before chi - chi arrive in he car and hobble on crutch inside the '' int . east end warehouse '' night chi - chi make he way through row of stack cardboard box and roll of carpet . then it 's , slowly and painfully , up a flight of wooden stair to a office , the kind with glass window overlook the warehouse and high glass skylight . in the office , five young man drape themselves over leather sofa , smoking , and throw potato chip at a group of young , malnourish woman who cower on the floor . sanchez , a older , fat man , sit behind a desk on the phone . sanchez ( into the phone ) they just leave . yeah , they have a warrant . bunch of pussy . I tell they they be house cleaner . hey , what can they do ? the girl have papers . nobody greet chi - chi as he enter . no one offer he a seat . sanchez ( cont 'd ) yeah , they look good too . no , I get the Russian one . oh yeah ? no shit ! the shipment from honk Kong or the mainland ? well I hope they be as good as this . sanchez hang up . sanchez ( cont 'd ) so , chi - chi . leg still hurt ? chi - chi well sometimes when it 's wet out I get this ... sanchez ( interrupt ) no one care . what 's we take for the week ? chi - chi we do ok . chi - chi crutch over and put a yellow paper bag from a department store on sanchez 's desk . sanchez ( look in the bag ) ok ? what the hell be ok ? we do not pay you for ok . we want good . we want great . we want freaking excellent out of you ! chi - chi there 's be problem lately . Business be off . this vigilante be keep the johns away . he 's get everyone scared to ... crash ! a shower of glass drop from a overhead skylight . the bat -man land on sanchez ' desk . a terrifying demon of the night . pure menace . the bat -man gentlemen , I be here to ask you a few question . the man be stunne '' paralyze by fear until sanchez pull a uzi from a holster and fire a volley at the bat -man . but he's gone . the bullet strike chi - chi in the chest . he goe down . the bat - man be in the air , he somersault over the man on the sofa . smoke bomb fly from he finger . pop . pop . pop . pop . then it 's all shadow and confusion . gun fire . bam . bam . bam . Bones crack . people scream . gun - click . click . click . - empty . finally a body smashes through the plate glass onto the warehouse floor . a chimney effect take place . the smoke , no longer trap , be quickly suck out the break skylight , leave the bat -man and sanchez the lone people on two foot . sanchez , in shock , click he empty gun . the woman break for the door and scatter into the night . a man clutches he throat and writhes on the desk . without ever remove he eye from sanchez , the bat - man draw a knife and jab it into the choke man 's throat . instant tracheotomy . the man can breathe , he slide , relieved , to the floor . the bat -man now then , where be you boss . the bat -man grab sanchez by the head with both hand the bat -man ( cont 'd ) where be estrada ? sanchez down ... dock ... new girl ... shipment the bat -man throw sanchez to the floor . smash CUT : ext . dark street - night a black lincoln continental drive through the bleak , barren street of gotham at break - neck speed . it be no ordinary lincoln continental '' it 's the bat-mobile . its window be tinted opaque . heavy , steel bumper modification have be weld to the chassis . the hood have be chop back to make room for the super - charge school bus engine that power it . and it drive without headlight . like a car possessed , reckless and demonic . int . 6- story warehouse . near gotham dock - moment later armed guard play card at a table . at the service entrance , a guy draw back the peep hole in a reenforce steel door just as '' clang ! the door fly off it's hinges and skid , sparking across the parking lot on a chain behind the bat-mobile . the guard rush outside , gun at the ready . the lincoln continental do a skid 180 drag the heavy door . the bat - man accelerate , then stomp the brake . the heavy steel door fly past he smashing into the guard . meanwhile , attract by the noise . more armed man rush down the staircase . enter the bat -man '' the bat -man two option : tonight you man can go to prison or to the prison hospital , the choice be yours . the first goon to recover level a shotgun . the bat -man throw a vicious kick to the guy 's crotch before he can fire . the bat-man ( cont 'd ) that 's the one I hoped you would pick . the bat -man leap into the fray talone claw sink into a man 's shoulder , he scream as he 's thrown through a window . another thug swing a bat . the bat - man kick he in the chest , grab he bat from mid air and fling it '' crunch '' into the face of another gunner across the room . a guy get the drop on the bat -man with a machine gun . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be seven work defense from this position . Three of they disarm with minimal contact . Three of they kill . the other just hurt ! crack ! he throw a maiming side - kick into a guy 's hip . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's young , Father . he will probably walk again . but he will stay scare . the bat - man put a foot between another 's shoulder blade and '' crack '' jerk both wrist back until they cross . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) fear cloud they judgement , make they stiff and clumsy . guy keep pour down the stair . the bat -man throw one over the rail . another go through a window . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be like rag doll to I now . to be throw aside and forget . a third get crushed underfoot as the bat - man continue to climb , floor by floor , to the top . it 's be a tough fight . he 's sweat through he clothes , lose he cape but the action only make he stronger . a glow of excitement shine off he . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be only one man I be look for tonight . he 's the general ! and , now , before he estrada try to muster some composure . he 's run out of man to fight for he and stand surround by half - starve asian woman with hate in they eye . the bat -man ( cont 'd ) ah , estrada . at last we meet face to face . such as it be . you be come with I . I have a lot of question for you . estrada be back to the wall in pure fear . the bat - man 's glove hand cover he eye . everything go dark . ext . 6-story . warehouse . near gotham dock - later Close up of a syringe . the tip make a dimple in estrada 's neck . the bat -man this be hydro-strychnine -sulfate , you can think of it as a cross between truth serum and the worst acid trip of you life . make the stuff they have a woodstock feel like aspirin . the bat -man press the sinister syringe into estrada 's carotid artery . there 's a immediate change in estrada 's attitude . ext . six story warehouse - morning a obviously drugge estrada , duct tape to a 6th floor flag pole , rant loudly . a few cop stand around look up at the spectacle . a crowd have gather . estrada yell to anyone who will listen— estrada we get the girl from overseas . they work for we . loeb take money , he run the show . the train run on time . keeps the show on the road . Police say , you do you job , we do you job . no wait . I do my job you pay I . something like that . estrada ( cont 'd ) we go to party sometimes . I have a nice car . corrupt cop ( to a junior cop ) cut he down before someone hear he . the cop cut he down and we cut forward to '' int . gotham justice build . book desk - morning gordon rage at a desk sergeant . gordon this man be a know felon . he 's on the most wanted list . we have numerous witness who hear he confess to serious racketeer and corruption operation . you can not just let he go ! desk sergeant he walk . I get my order . gordon ( kick the desk , hard ) dammit ! dent pull gordon off . . dent Jesus , Jim , calm down . what do you expect , the man be assault , drugge , kidnap . nothing he say be admissible in court . no sane person will prosecute . gordon bull . it be loeb who sprung he to cover he own butt . gordon stomp off in a rage . ext . the gotham justice build - morning the bat -man sit in he lincoln continental across the street from the police station . in the morning light it look more like a soupe - up limo than a demon car - almost . the bat -man be totally mess up . his clothes hang in tatter . blood puddle in the foot - well of the car . he listen to the tape of estrada 's ' confession ' '' estrada ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) loeb run the whole thing , use cop as bagmen to collect and distribute the money . he 's into everything , number , drug , girl , gun . you name it , he get a cut . hey , you do not look like my mother . click . the bat - man turn off the machine and look out he tinted window . gordon storm out of the precinct house . a daze and rumple look estrada ( newly release ) and flass ( he releaser ) share a smile at gordon be obvious fury . the bat-man ( v.o. ) the enemy be everywhere , even here . this so call policeman nurture the cancer , they breed it in man like estrada and turn it lose on my street . it look like estrada be only another soldier . the real general live in there . the bat -man look up at the gotham justice build and say out loud '' the bat -man it 's you turn loeb . I be come after you . with a painful effort , the bat - man put the car in gear . the bat-man ( v.o. ) so I must climb higher still . you loving son , Bruce . the lincoln drive off . ext . east end sidewalk - morning little al walk down the same crappy sidewalk as before with he coffee and doughnut . ext . junk yard behind little al' garage - morning little al enter a transformed junk yard . pile of junk have be move . rearranged . little al Bruce ? all around little al see evidence of target practice , strange device and SMALL explosion . there 's the lincoln continental with blood pooled on the seat . he follow blood droplet up the wooden stair that lead to bruce 's apartment . the door hang slightly ajar . little al push it open and enter . int . the bat -mam' lair - morning bruce 's apartment have be transformed into a crime fight command center . there 's a huge flow chart describe gotham 's crime organization , people 's name , rank , job and police involvement . picture of loeb and estrada hang from the wall with duct tape . crime fight gear lay pile on the table ( and be that chi - chi 's paper department store bag of money ? ) . in a series of metal locker we can see the progression of bruce 's suit , belt , weapon and disguise . some break . many cake with blood . little al find the bat -man lie unconscious on the floor . he 's lose a lot of blood . int . the bat - man' lair - hour later bruce come around in he bed . his eye flutter and then snap open . he 's momentarily confuse . little al sit nearby drink a coffee . bruce you ... do not call the police ? little al nope . bruce look at he bandage . not a bad job at all . he try to sit up . too painful . little al settle down boy , let I tell you something . I see a lot of people get cut all to piece in the jungle . and after , I see even more come home all cut up on the inside . now , they train I to heal a man on the outside with bandage and thread . but there be not nothing anyone can do for that wound on the inside . you just stay the hell out of the way and hope they sort it out for themselves . I have be wonder when you be go to go off . but this ? this be something else . ( beat ) you know it 's a lucky thing we be the same blood type . little al hold up he arm . he 's get a transfusion hose go from it into bruce . little al ( cont 'd ) if we be not , I would have have to take you to the hospital . and they would have throw you ass in arkham asylum . int . akkham asylum - afternoon gordon follow a orderly through the large , time - wear victorian building . strange sound emanate from door lining the hallway '' whimpering . giggling . sobbing . a pair of orderlies pass wheeling a young , very pale man in a straight jacket . he have green-ish hair . orderly # 1 ( laugh ) you be joke . gordon watch they go by before knock on a office door mark , " Dr. Patricia holcomb , md , Ph.D. director . ' int . patricia holcomb's office - afternoon . Patricia holcomb be a handsome woman reach early middle age with all the dignity that could be expect of someone who spend they life surround by the criminally insane . gordon thank you for see I doctor . I will try not to take up much of you time . doctor holcomb not at all detective . I have be follow you vigilante case with some interest . a intrigue mind . I look forward to host it , if that 's possible . gordon you say that as if you do not think we be go to catch he . doctor holcomb I be not sure you can , not alive anyway . I have read the file you send over . they describe a man who inhabit a delusional world of great danger and violence . gordon danger and violence . sound about right for the East end . doctor holcomb ah , but this mind inhabit a world more horrible than the East end . a world so threaten and dangerous that it 's have to create a new persona , a new identity to cope . gordon this guy 's become a demon in order to fight he demon . doctor holcomb exactly . now , normally this kind of delusion represent the terminal stage of a suicidal psychosis . gordon he 's try to kill himself ? doctor holcomb yes and no . something be keep it go . a quest or a mission of some sort . much like the crusader in ancient Europe who be capable of great feat by virtue of they belief or faith . gordon you mean fly ? x-ray vision ? doctor holcomb nothing like that I assure you . more like mother lift car off child during emergency . or even monk and yogis who 's faith allow they to do incredible thing with they body . gordon so how do I catch he before he faith do any more " great feat " to the citizen of this city ? doctor holcomb I be afraid that 's you problem detective . my job be know what make they thick , not what make they run . I will tell you this though , that mind be start to enjoy its work . it 's capable of anything . gordon come on doctor , what do I dq ? how do I stop he before he kill someone ? doctor holcomb I suppose you strike at the weakness . what be this great delusion protect ? it do not just come into be over night . it start long ago with a young boy be terribly , terribly hurt . gordon huh. interesting . thank you doctor . gordon stand to go . ext . arkham asylum , parking lot - moment later gordon , lose in think , dig for he key . he 's startle by janet selling . janet selling detective Gordon , detective Gordon . wait up a second . janet selling , Channel one News . can I have a word with you ? gordon sorry , I be in a rush here . janet selling it will only take a second . I want to ask about allegation of corruption in the precinct . I be hope you will corroborate some of the rumor I have be hearing . gordon I really am in a hurry . janet selling a hurry to what , chase a mental case ? do not it anger you that you have be put out to pasture while all through the department corruption be run rampant . gordon spin on she , furious . then catch himself and smile . she got he . gordon ok , what do you want to know ? selling smile and take out a note pad . ext . gotham justice build - night the bat -man climb up a black iron drain spout in the rain . it 's dirty , slippery , dangerous work . gotham City spread out , glitter and twinkle , far below . int gotham justice build . loeb be office - night loeb sit in a red leather club chair drink brandy as Mayor noone pace the room . mayor noone you see Channel one News ? they just run a big police corruption story . someone 's talk . it 's that damn Gordon , I be tell you . loeb we be go to have to take drastic measure with that detective . but right now we have get bigger problem . we friend on the street be make some seriously unhappy noise about this vigilante . mayor noone for Christ 's sake , gillian ! thing be slip into chaos . what 's go on around here ? loeb I do not know , exactly . for now , we boy on the force be keep we associate calm . but I would like to meet face - to- face , let they air they concern , do a little damage control . mayor noone ( smile ) sound like you be talk about one of you party . loeb yeah , I talk to estrada he will bring some girl . mayor noone all he girl be so '' prissy . loeb do not worry , I know you like them more , umm , assertive . we will find you a party favor . I will see to it myself . and by the way , here . loeb toss a yellow envelope like the one flass try to give to gordon , only fatter , at the mayor . loeb ( cont 'd ) the precinct guy want you to have this . the mayor flip through it , smile . we pan out the window to '' ext . gotham justice build '' moment later a large gargoyle sit hunch on the granite facade of the justice building . wrapped in he cape , the bat - man remain unmove in the cold , pour rain . pigeon walk around on the ledge next to he , coo and peck at bird excrement and smog fallout . a wire run along the ledge lead to a small contact microphone attach to the window . the bat - man grin . the bat -man ( to self ) oh boy , we have be invite to a party . he reel in he contact mic . int . harvey denta office - morning gordon burst in , interrupt . it 's become a pattern with this two . dent what 's up Jim . you look terrible . gordon ( pace the room ) my office be ransacke . they be at my apartment too . break the lock , toss the place . they try to make it look like burglar but I think it be flass and he crew look for my file . dent I be not surprised , after that news story , you be likely to be public enemy number one to that guy . in fact , that file may be only thing keep you alive at this point . gordon great , because they found it and they take it . dent here sit down , have some coffee . you get to get out of town , disappear for a while . gordon right , I will go up to a cabin in the wood and die of multiple , accidental hunt gunshot wound to the back . dent Jesus , calm down Jim . just take it easy . there have to be something you can do . gordon nope . it 's business as usual for I . I play the good soldier , stay low and hunt for my bat -man . dent they do not want you to catch the vigilante , they would give you some manpower if they do . and when you capture the guy , they be go to crucify you on the news . this guy 's become a saint to some people . gordon he 's a terrorist , harvey . a dangerous psychopath . who know how far he will take he personal war on crime . dent yeah , it 's really scary to think how far a guy will go to rid this town of crime . dent mean that as a jab but gordon miss it . ext . franklin STREET - night a limo roll through the darken street . as it pass nasty , skanky whore fly into a frenzy . they desperately prostrate themselves before the car . all but one . she 's different . confident and attractive where the other twitch and vamp , pitiful and horrid . it's selina . she 's dress in knee-high black boot , black leather pants , a leather halter top . she wear she wig and carry a whip . int . the limo - night loeb assess selina . loeb ( to the driver ) that one . and the next thing you know selina be inside '' int . loeb' mansion . master bedroom - night loeb life in a beautiful , old - world mansion , one of the many benefit he 's receive from he long career of graft . selina lie on he four poster bed in he tacky mirror - and silk bedroom . loeb make yourself at home darling . I have some business to attend to , then I will introduce you to a good friend of mine . he 's eager to meet you . the moment loeb leave , descend the grand staircase , selina dump she purse on the bed '' cuff , whip , rubber ball and a SMALL camera with a long trigger cord . she find a hide place for the camera and string the cord under the headboard . then she casually begin to case the place '' turn over the ceramics to read the brand , check out the silver hair brush . she grab a satin pillow case and fill it with loot . she peek through a gild door it lead to a staircase . intrigue , selina descend to another door that lead to '' int . loeb' private study - night selina cautiously enter the room . int . live room . loeb be mansion - night off-duty cop and gangster party with estrada 's exotic look whore . drug in high pile cover silver platter . estrada talk to flass by a lion statue . beautiful woman bear trays with expensive liquor . loeb make he entrance , follow by Mayor noone . loeb 's guest stand as he take a glass and clink it . loeb gentlemen I have bring a guest with I this evening . Mayor noone would like to express he gratitude for the civil way you have all conduct you business this last few year . be not that right mayor ? mayor noone yes , indeed . I be very grateful for the restraint you have show by keep you business localize to you own , umm , area of expertise and I would like to pledge to you all '' loeb ( interrupt ) all right , fine . down to business . loeb take a seat in a big leather club chair by the fire . noone look around for a chair , find none and wander over towards the bar . but unbeknownst to the party , one more person be in attendance . he 's '' ext . outside in the bushes - night the bat -man have he contact microphone attach to the window of the live room . he listen intently to the conversation take place inside - int . live room . loeb be mansion - night loeb hold forth , the center of attention . loeb we topic of discussion this evening : the bat -man . a murmur go through the gangster . while nearby in '' int . loeb be study - night selina root around . she check out statue , lift carpet , toss the odd gold cigar clipper into she pillow case . int . live room . loeb be mansion - night loeb continue '' loeb gentlemen I know the bat - man have cause some problem for we operation . but he activity must be keep in proper perspective . he be a annoyance , nothing more . a temporary fly in a very rich ointment . gangster # 1 be you crazy ? do you know how many of my boy that psycho have hospitalize ? gangster # 2 it be absolutely preposterous that you would even think about leave this nut case to ruin we business like this . after what he 's do to we operation . meanwhile , selina continue to rifle through '' int . loeb' study . loeb be mansion - night she 's make she way into the desk drawer . she find cash , a silver plate gun , a safe deposit BOX key . some paper grab she attention '' gordon be . she read a little bit , finally she just dump the whole drawer , paper and all , into the pillow case . int . live room . loeb be mansion - night the argue continue . loeb think of the big picture . sooner or later , we will get lucky and someone will put a bullet in this nut . until then , the media love he . he give the impression that the city be get safer . the man , start to catch he drift , nod . ext . outside in the bushes - night the bat -man have hear all he care to hear . he 's about to crash the party with the hand grenade he hold in he fist '' two inch from he mouth dangle its circular pin . suddenly he head snap to the side . he 's hear something that we have not . he 's not at all pleased . Close up shot of the pin be replace . int . live room . loeb be mansion - night the conversation continue . loeb this ' war on crime ' form the perfect cover for we operation . we do not want to jeopardize they now that the money be really start to pour in . shout and stomping foot interrupt loeb 's appeal . int . loeb be study - night Three armed security guard burst into the room and catch selina , red hand try to pry open a lock cabinet . she 's trip a alarm . selina turn and without miss a beat assume a regal air . selina how dare you enter without knock . the man look confuse as she approach . once she be close enough to the guard , she whip off she leather belt and '' crack '' the first one across the face with the buckle , knock he gun free . then '' rip '' she long nail across the second 's face . int . hallway outside loeb be study - night Three more guard rush toward the door , gun drawn . int . loeb be study - night they burst in to find selina secure the two guard together in a very complicated and painful look way with she belt . selina hello , my miserable little pet . but this guard be not fall for it '' bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! '' they open fire . selina dive behind the desk . bullet rip into the antique mahogany . the dust settles . the guard laugh and move in for the kill . when suddenly '' crash ! a black lincoln continental smashes into the study , take out a wall of window . chaos . confusion . gunfire . shout . the back end of the lincoln fishtail , demolosh the antique desk and two guard . the front end of the lincoln screech to a stop , a wheel a inch from selina 's face . the door of the lincoln swing OPEN . selina look up , stunne to see the bat - man stand up through the moon roof of the car . he hold a black tube . a security guard level he uzi at the pair but before he can get off a shot '' thang '' he 's hit in the chest with two brass part attach to thin copper wire . the wire lead to a massive , drip battery in the car . the guard flinch and foam at the mouth from the effect of the primitive tazer . the bat-man ( to selina ) get in ! she do . tire squeal . the bat -man toss a grenade past she into the study grenade clack across the floor , emit a sharp , accelerate signal . this be not no smoke bomb . ext . front lawn . loeb be mansion - night the heavy lincoln continental send rooster tail of expensive , manicure lawn high in the air . from all direction security guard open fire with shotgun , pistol and uzis . they rake the car with bullet . int . the bat -man' lincoln continental - night . selina freak out as bullet clink and clank around she , bounce off sinister look canister strapped in the area where the back seat should be . the bat -man keep low and cover you ear . selina give the bat -man a incredulous look then do exactly what he say as outside on the '' ext . front lawn . loeb be mansion - night ka-blam ! the bat - man 's grenade go off send a fireball out of several window and shatter many more . from the FIRE leap estrada and flass , gun blazing . behind he stumble commissioner loeb , desperately try to pat down he burn hair , and Mayor noone , just plain stunne . one bullet cut a bloody streak across batman be shoulder . he pay it no heed . selina stare at he . a little turn on . the lincoln bounce through a wringht iron fence and onto the tree-line road . second behind it , a pair of white limo give chase . out on the dark road the lincoln continental be almost invisible , drive at ridiculous speed without headlight . int . the bat -man' lincoln continental - night the bat -man , drive with crude home - make night -vision goggle while selina appraise the man next to she . slowly she make a hand gesture as if she be pick up the phone . with she thumb and pinky she put the imaginary headset to she mouth . selina hello mom . I have meet a guy . I think I be in love . the bat -man I be take you to prison for the murder of a police officer . the bat - man cuff she to the dashboard . she 's shocked . int . pursuing limo - night the security guard call for assistance on the radio . security guard # 1 we need a road block on Bridge road at the junction of highway 6 . do you copy . from the radio— sheriff this be the gotham sheriff 's Department . I copy , we be on we way . meanwhile '' int . the bat -man' lincoln continental - night the bat -man listen to the transmission on he own radio . the bat -man hold on . selina brace herself as he wrench the steering wheel . the darken lincoln swerve to a stop in the wood . out on the road , both pursue limo rip past do l o0 mph . int . pursuing limo - night it 's a windy , tree line road through the forest . security guard # 1 be he there yet ? sheriff ( from the radio ) we be in position but he have not show up . security " guard # 1 he should be on you any second . we be right behind he . be ready . oh shit ! as the limo round the a corner it 's greet by two cop car form a roadblock . the driver desperately cut the wheel but it 's too late . the big car skid sideways and smashes into the cop . the second limo slam into the first . cop dive for cover . glass and hubcap go everywhere . slowly the door open and daze security guard get out of the crumpled car . security guard # 1 where the hell do he go ? everyone stop and turn to look up the road at the bat - man 's lincoln Continental as it slowly approach the crash site . suddenly '' bam ! '' super high - power kleig light shine forth from the lincoln . the man cover they eye , temporarily blind , as the ominous black car accelerate into the wreck car . its heavy bumper sink into the door of the cop car and grind they backwards and out of the way . some of the cop and security guard regain they wit and open fire with they pump action shotgun and uzis . int . the bat -man' lincoln continental - night a giant glove fist pound a series of heavy - duty switch bolt onto the dashboard . both side and the rear of the car erupt '' blam ! blam ! blam ! '' road spike - fooh ! fooh ! '' smoke - splash ! '' oil - crack ! crack ! '' and tire - puncture dart . the gunman stagger back , puncture , pierce and slime by the cannonade . the lincoln lay a generous tire patch as it accelerate , down the wood road . behind it the stab and oil - cover man can do nothing but watch , stunne as the lincoln disappear into the darkness . int . the bat -man' lincoln continental - night click . click . and selina be out of the cuff . the bat - man , surprised , look over . selina handcuffs ? what be you think ? I be a handcuff expert . he reach for she but she 's already slip out the door . ext . wooded road - moment later selina roll in the ditch at the bat -mobile skid to a stop a few hundred foot up the road . selina take off into the wood . she run through with a natural animal grace , leaping fall tree , ducking branch , move silently . the bat-man ( o.s. ) give it up selina . selina spin around look for the source of the voice . then break into a serious sprint . she run all out through the wood , leap a stream , scramble a embankment , then out into a clear . she 's really move when '' smash '' she 's tackle by the bat - man . he pin she down in the wet grass . the bat-man ( cont 'd ) you do not really think you could run from I , do you ? she struggle . take a swipe with she claw but he 's ready for she and easily dodge . the bat-man ( cont 'd ) I be take you in . I will not allow murder , not even for revenge . selina whoa , slow down . ( start to have fun with the situation ) I do not kill that bastard , ( show she fingernails ) I just prettied he up a little . she take he glove hand off she shoulder and admire the bat-shape brass knuckle . selina ( cont 'd ) nothing you have not do . ( pout , smile ) I be innocent . the bat -man you hit the ... garage mechanic . the cop be dead . selina ( piss ) I do not kill he . the bat -man ( deflate ) then it be the garage mechanic ? selina ( shake she head , pity he ) no. chi - chi come in as I be mark campbell . he kill he . Said the scumbag cop have take enough of he money . he be go to kill I too . ( sigh ) he have I pin , be try to cut my wrist with that switchblade of he . want it to look like murder suicide . but holly show up . we fight . ( gesture to she cheek ) I give he a nice little something to remember I by and get the hell out of there . I figure you could take care of yourself ( beat ) garage - boy . the bat -man ( surprised ) how do you ... selina darling , in my whole life , I have only meet one real man . I be not about to forget he eye . she draw the leather - glove hand to she mouth and bite a finger . the bat -man you be not go to knock I out again be you ? selina pull off he glove . ext . the warehouse . upholstery district - dawn the mangle lincoln pull to the curb on a empty street . selina I have this bad feel that the only way I be ever go to see you again be if I continue my life of crime . the bat -man I would not recommend that . you do not do so well on you debut . selina ( get out ) yeah , well , practice make perfect , right ? the bat -man ( hold the pillowcase ) be not you forget something . selina keep it there 's something in there I think you will find interesting . she walk off shaking she money - maker . int . bruce wayne's apartment - day bruce 's apartment be now jam - pack with crime fight equipment . he read gordon' file intently at he cramped desk . little al ( hold the pillowcase ) do some redecorate ? funny , I never have you peg as a satin pillow type of guy . bruce read a paper and put it into a home - make photo machine . pop go a flash and out slip a microfilm , he add it to a little pile . bruce ( distract , read another ) this change everything . little al well , if you can take a break from you homework for a minute , I have get something to show you . little al jerk the plug on bruce 's machine . bruce look up . int . big al' office - day little al be again look around in big al 's desk . after some search he retrieve another key . it fit a door at the far end of the room . little al ( smile ) come on . little al lead bruce through the door and to a dark and dusty stairwell wind down into the '' int . undergound chamber . below little al' garage - day little al throw a heavy frankenstein - style switch flooding a immense brick chamber with light . from the high , arched ceiling hang bare bulb , tangle pipe , winch and chain . industrial lathes , drill and press line the wall . all cover in dust . the terminus of a rusted train track lie on the floor . little al big al buy this place form the Wayne Corporation . use to be a repair shop for the train . back in the day , Wayne Corp build a lot of the infrastructure for gotham City '' water system , electrical , sewer . bruce walk around , soaking it all in . little al ( cont 'd ) this place connect to the access tunnel . it 's like a maze back in there . run all under the entire city . it 's kind of spooky . bruce turn to look at little al . blown away . little al ( cont 'd ) yeah , I think you might like it . a rat squeak by . int . gotham justice build . loeb be office - day loeb berate gordon . loeb Jesus Christ ! I tell you to do one simple thing , catch some freak in tight . what 's wrong with you ? loeb wear a hat to cover he burnt hair . int . the warehouse . upholstery district - day selina sit amidst a pile of leather and sewing material . she snap razor blade with a pair of plier make little triangle . then , she sink one of the small , metal triangle into some kind of epoxy under she fingernail . selina hold she hand up to holly '' selina what do you think ? - razor line the underside of each fingernail . holly be horrify . int . gotham justice build . situation room - day the hunt for the bat - man have be kick into high gear . gordon have , a dozen cop work with he now . his cramped office have be replace with a full - size situation room . merkel do we have a spot set for tonight , sir ? gordon ( put down some papers ) not yet . gordon consult a map . ext . east end sidewalk - night a well dress man , woman and a SMALL boy walk hand - in-hand through a bad part of town . a thug follow they . the bat -man watch from a nearby rooftop . but he do nothing as the man get closer and pull out a gun . the bat -man watch the guy grab the woman 's purse . woman help ! help ! my purse ! help ! still the bat -man do nothing . the mugger wrench the purse free and take off run down the empty street . watch from '' int . gordon' crappy car - night gordon jab out a marlboro , frustrated '' gordon ( into radio ) that 's it , meet back at headquarters in 30 minute . - light another one . ext . east end sidewalk '' night up and down the street homeless people shuffle out from behind dumpster , get in unmark cop car and drive off . the couple and child head for a car . gordon stop to thank they . he squat down , tussle the SMALL boy be hair . gordon good work son . the pair take off . gordon , alone now , walk back to he car . the bat-man ( o.s. ) I can help you get what you want . gordon freeze . turn slowly . the bat - man stand hide in shadow just inside the alley . gordon put he hand out like he 's try to calm a lose kitten . gordon ok . we can talk . how about down at the station ? the bat -man no . you do not understand . gordon ( ease he gun out ) you know you be on a suicide course , right ? I will get you some help . they will kill you otherwise . believe I . the bat -man please . do not . it do not have to be like this . gordon , face the bat -man now , close , have he gun levele at the bat - man be chest . gordon go for he cuff . the bat - man slap the gun out of he hand . the bat -man ( cont 'd ) you fool . you idiot . do not you see ? gordon now ! a trap within a trap ! four uniform cop come out of hide . uniform cop # 1 freeze ! put you hand up . the bat -man look over , then pounce on gordon . his hand fumble around on gordon' jacket . as the cop move to encircle he . uniform cop # 2 ( into a radio ) we have get the bat -man at trap location alpha . the bat -man finally heave gordon through the air at the cop . he land , head first , sprawling into the cop and knock about half of they off they foot . the bat -man make a break for it . cop open fire '' bam ! bam ! bam ! gordon ( only half conscious ) hold you FIRE ! the bat -man take a slug in the thigh but make it into a abandoned tenement . the cop come to gordon be side . uniform cop # 1 jeez , be you all right ? why do not you give the signal sooner ? gordon ( rub he bleed head ) I have to be sure . the uniformed cop help gordon to he foot . his head be bleed badly . cruiser start to show up . merkel arrive with a uniformed cop . together they begin sealing off the area . flass pull up and get out of he car wave at the swat to park by the abandoned tennement . a ambulance driver try to tend to gordon be injury . gordon ( cont 'd ) get off I . gordon be more concerned about the swat van unload man . gordon ( cont 'd ) this be my collar , my case . I be in charge here . we do not need you help . swat commander I guess you can talk to commissioner loeb about that , Gordon . here he come now . swat commander point to a police helicopter on the horizon . from this distance you can just make out the fire bomb hang below it like lure on a fishing line . int . abandoned tennement - night the bat -man be in the lobby of what be once a transient hotel he collapse against the check - in counter . he wrap duct tape around the badly bleed wound in he thigh . the bat -man lucky . the bat - man get up . try the leg . the bat -man ( cont 'd ) ignore the pain . he limp up the stair as fast as he injure leg will allow . int . police helicopter - night commissioner loeb yell at the chopper pilot - loeb Drop it , drop it . chopper pilot Sir , we need clearance . there may be people in there . loeb no one be in there but that psycho . loeb reach over and slap a button label " incendiary release " . loeb ( cont 'd ) ( sit back ) I will take full responsibility . below the police helicopter , a dark object fall '' int . abandoned tennement - at that moment the bat - man burst onto the roof and look up at the fall bomb . the bat -man too late . the bat -man throw himself back inside and leap the railing . foom ! '' the fire bomb go off behind he . the bat -man fall just ahead of debris from the explosion . he hit the floor , hard , and roll under the staircase as half the building collapse around he . he 's bleed badly , partially blind , groggy . the bat-man ( cont 'd ) do not pass out . the bat -man remove a syringe , label " stimulant " , from he ammo belt and inject the needle into he biceps . his eye come alive again : grim determination . everything be on fire . the bat - man wrap himself with he cape . the building threaten to come down around he . dying homeless people scream in the fire . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) can not help they . must find shelter . the bat -man breath through he cape as he cross the lobby , to a steel door bear the word " danger ! 20,000 volt " . the bat-man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) steel door , might be enough to protect I . provide the warning be a lie . he pick the lock and slip through . ext . abandoned tennement - night the police helicopter land . loeb get out look pretty pleased with himself . he slap flass on the shoulder . gordon that building be not clear . you hear that ? that 's the sound of people dying ! scream emanate from the building . its upper floor be completely consume in flame . loeb guess that 's the cost of do business . gordon be about to take a swing at loeb but merkel step between the man . merkel Sir , you be bleed pretty bad . let 's get you head look at . gordon ( push around merkel ) later . merkel ( hold he ) now ! ( beat ) sir. merkel look at loeb with disdain . merkel ( cont 'd ) you do not want to do anything rash . loeb yeah , time for you to go Gordon . just then a section of the roof collapse . spark fill the night sky . loeb and flass ( together ) oooh . aaaah . gordon , disgust , leave loeb and flass to watch the fire . ext . abandoned tennement - later Fire truck shower the now smolder building with water as the swat team go in to search for survivor . int . abandoned tennement - moment later the smoke have settle a little bit . swat commander and he swat team enter the half - collapse building as a well - oile machine , cover each other and move as a single , discipline organism . swat commander no prisoner , commissioner 's order . the swat team enter the lobby . the top floor have collapse down the staircase fill the area with rubble . the elevator shaft be pile with debris . Water pour from the ceiling . the swat team find the steel door . they toss in concussion grenade '' boom ! boom ! section of the lobby floor jump , then sag and splinter from the explosion . creaking sound fill the lobby . swat guy # 1 this place be barely stand , sir . swat commander shut up . squad one , stay here . squad two , with I . the swat commander and squad two go below to the '' int . abandoned tenmement . basement - night the grenade have destroy the superintendent 's basement apartment and blow a hole through the ceiling over he SMALL bathroom . the puzzle man look around . then swat guy # 1 point to the collapse chimney . swat guy # 1 he must have kick through ... smoke gas canister '' clink , clink '' fall out a hole in the chimney . int . abandoned tennement . lobby - night . upstair , in the lobby , the crumble brick above a fireplace explode , shower squad one . the bat - man pounce from he hide place in the chimney '' smack ! crack ! crunch ! '' he savage the armored man . the cramped basement apartment be fill with smoke . swat commander Gas mask ! cough , cough . the man fumble for they mask . int . abandoned tennement . lobby - night all around the lobby lie squad one , unconscious . the batman kick the steel door shut and re-clasp the lock , then climb over the debris and up the elevator shaft . ext . abandoned tennement - night the police have barricade the area with car , ambulance , fire truck and situation van . helicopter circle overhead . int . abandoned tennement . basement - night squad two open fire at the lock on the steel door . int . abandoned tennement . elevator shaft - night the reinforce elevator shaft rise a few foot above the debris of the top floor . crouched in the shadow , the batman scope out the sniper and chopper with binocular . pe -ang ! '' a sniper 's bullet ricochet off brick near he face . the bat -man duck and pull a very detailed underground map from he ammo belt . int . abandoned tennement . lobby - night swat commander kick the steel door open , rip off he mask . swat commander what the hell be go on here ? his man look at he in confusion . half of they writhe on the floor , bleed . swat commander ( cont 'd ) get this man out of here . ( listen to radio ) sniper get he in the elevator shaft . ( point ) you two cover the shaft . you , over there . you , come with I . the swat team take up position in the lobby as the wounded man be drag from the building . ext . abandoned tennement - night gordon watch the scene outside the building while paramedics work on the wound the bat -man inflicted . swat guy approach gordon be ambulance , one carry the other . swat guy # 2 you let this man die , I will have you ass . a couple of paramedics get to work on the unconscious man . gordon what 's go on in there ? swat guy # 2 he 's a animal '' a wild beast . the medic finish with gordon . medic I have give you about 35 stitches for that gash on you head . try to keep it dry . the medic hand back gordon be jacket . something have be stuff in he breast pocket . puzzle , gordon find bruce be microfilm . holding it up to the light , he jaw drop open gordon I will be a son of a ... behind he , flass observe gordon be discovery . int . abandoned tennement , lobby - later the swat team wait nervously hold they machine gun on the elevator shaft . sweat bead on they forehead . int . abandoned tennement elevator shaft - later a glove hand drop a single brick . int . abandoned tennement . lobby - later nervous swat guy open fire into the rubble . the bat - man use the noise and confusion to drop through a hole in the ceiling , unseen , onto a swat guy . he pull back the swat guy 's helmet and spray he with mace . a second swat guy turn to fire but the bat - man throw he knife into the guy 's shoulder . he go down scream . the whole swat team , now aware of the bat -man , turn and open fire at the move cape as it streak across the lobby . bullet tear through the cape and into old , brass mailbox . the bat -man throw himself through the hole where the floor have collapse and land in a pile of shattered tile and mirror . he dig into he belt and pull out several round object strung together with green cord . then , hold one end of the cord , he flush they down toilet . upstair , the swat team , gun poise , peek over the lip of the break ceiling just in time to get a face full of '' - explode plumbing . int . abandoned tennement . basement bathroom - night outside the bathroom door , the bat - man cover he ear until the debris settles . then he 's back into the bathroom peer into the giant hole where the toilet use to be . he get on he hand and knee and squirm into the wet , slimy hole . a half second later swat commander and three swat guy show up to investigate the explosion . swat guy # 2 man , it stink . they shine they light into the hole . int . gotham sewer - night flashlight beam shine through a hole in a long drain pipe . the light reflect off the water and fece -slime wall as a dark figure run limping away down the pipe . a couple minute later '' ext . abandoned tennement - night gordon watch as the sooty and defeat swat team exit the building . loeb scream at the swat commander . spittle fly . finger jab he chest . gordon smile as he the microfilm in he pocket and start he car . int . bat cave - later all the crime fight equipment from bruce 's room be now downstairs on several long workbench . up on a giant hydraulic lift the lincoln show its scar from earlier '' bullet hole , broken window , crushed front end . little al look up to see a thoroughly shred bat - man at the tunnel entrance to the cave . little al Bruce ! the bat - man brace himself against the wall , fight to stay on little al grab he before he fall and bring he to a workbench cover with medical equipment . little al off with you friend again I see . when be you go to learn to play nice ? bruce wince as little al clean he wound . bruce I have get to go . I be not do . little al watch bruce try to get up . he can not . little al not tonight , son . you need time to heal . bruce try again but can not even get off the bench . he collapse back , resign . int . eileen be bar - evening gordon and dent smoke and drink at a back booth . gordon he risk he life to get I that file . dent he could have mail they . gordon not really he style . I think he read my file and want to be friend , ally , I do not know . he 's obviously crazy but he 's not the wild animal I think . dent so what be you go to do ? gordon there be more in that file than just my report '' evidence harvey , it 's all laid out . dent what kind of evidence ? gordon look at he friend , savore the moment . gordon it 's the jackpot . it corroborate everything we suspect . loeb be in bed with the biggest name in gotham underworld '' and we have get he accounting book . it 's amazing . dent that could never be admissible in court . gordon probably not . at least not all of it . but there should be enough to get estrada at least . and who know , if we play we card right ... dent ( interrupt ) it 's dangerous , Jim . who know what they would do if they know you have that file . gordon that 's the thing , no one know . the bat - man slip they to I in front of a half dozen officer . no one see a thing , it be like a reverse pick pockete . dent I think we can make this work . gordon light a marlboro and nod . ext . estrada's upscale townhouse - evening gordon , dent and a dozen uniform officer crowd the front stoop and sidewalk . at the front door , estrada , in a bathrobe , hold a subpoena . a dozen half - naked man and woman stand behind he . gordon be this a bad time for you ? estrada I want to speak with a lawyer . gordon cuff estrada . int . the bat cave bruce , wrap in numerous bandage , work on a black motorcycle his head be shave and crisscross with stitch . he 's in bad shape . even turn a wrench cause pain . in the background on tv - channel one eyewitness news - local tv news show a red face loeb push through a mob of reporter to get into he office . news anchor , brian District Attorney harvey dent today announce the arrest and indictment of carlos estrada on numerous racketeer charge '' the commissioner be unavailable for comment . the tv show gordon lead estrada up the step of the justice Building . news anchor , brian ( cont 'd ) rumor fly about high level police involvement and possible federal investigation . Jane . the tv show bruce's parent and a young bruce wayne . news anchor , jane thanks Jim . up next , it 's be fifteen year since the tragic death of thomas wayne and the mysterious disappearance of the heir to the Wayne fortune . the tv show old picture of the grand theater as a crime scene . news anchor , jane ( cont 'd ) we will go inside Wayne Corporation as it continue its agonizing search for young Bruce Wayne and see if we can not discover what have become of this fortunate young man . bruce 's greasy hand slip off the wrench . it clank across the concrete floor to little al 's foot . little al stare at he . little al it 's you . bruce no , it 's not . that little boy be dead . little al but you can not just ... bruce ( interrupt ) what ? walk away ? do I look like I be walk away from anything ? bruce get to he foot and open a locker contain he suit and equipment . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be make the most my inheritance . slowly , painfully he pull on he suit . int . access tunnel . somewhere under gotham CITY - night the bat -man gun he motorcycle through shallow puddle . rat scurry . he stop to check a map . a train rattles past behind a steel grate separate he tunnel from the subway . he get off the bike carry a crow bar . he pick he target and smack a grimy junction box with it . the lid clank to the ground expose a dense tangle of phone wire . from a saddlebag he remove a telephone headset . it have alligator clip where the phone should be . he pull back he mask . he 's still bleed from he wound . he cradle the phone to he ear and clip a pair of wire . listen . clip another . listen . ext . sluiceway - night the bat -man tear out of the oversize sewer pipe on he motorcycle and bounce over debris clogging the bed of a stream . homeless people recoil . int . gordon' apartment . bedroom - night it 's dark and quiet but something have wake up detective gordon . the bat -man ( o.s. ) loeb be up to something . gordon look to the window where the bat - man form a massive silhouette against the city nightscape . the bat -man ( cont 'd ) warn dent . it 's go down tonight but I do not know what it be yet . gordon , turn to get he glass . gordon I think I know a way to find out . when he turn back the window be empty , except for a small puddle of blood . ann what 's go on ? gordon nothing , hon . I have get to go to work . that 's all . gordon get out of bed and fumble for he gun . int . gordon' crappy car . east end - night gordon cruise the street . watch the nightlife . look . hunting ext . rundown warehouse district STREET - night in the rundown warehouse district gordon put the car in park and wait in the same spot as before . flass finally come out of the low - sling drug lab and we catch a glimpse of a very white , clean room and some very dirty cop . flass Jesus , what be you cut this stuff with ? make I have to piss like a racehorse . wait for cramden to get off the can and you could do yourself some serious internal damage . in the alley flass saunter to a dumpster and proceed to relieve himself . gordon ( o.s. ) I will try not to do do any serious damage , flass . flass whirl , reach for he pistol , but gordon have the drop on flass , he gun aim , he hand steady as a surgeon' . gordon ( cont 'd ) just enough to keep you out of the hospital . flass toss he gun away . flass what , you gonna shoot I , jiminy ? jiminy frick cricket ? you gonna shoot I ? gordon slide he gun back into its holster . in he other hand , gordon casually swing the black and yellow baseball bat . gordon . no. I be not go to shoot you . you and I , we be go have a little one on one . gordon playfully slap the baseball bat into he open hand . flass jerk a thumb in the direction of the house . flass if I give a shout to the guy ... gordon well , then , I will shoot you . gordon whip the baseball bat from hand to hand . show off . pause , calm as a executioner : gordon ( cont 'd ) otherwise , it 's one on one . you and I , flass . flass one on one . sure . I will take you on , jiminy . gordon we have gotta play fair . I hear you be a green beret . flass that 's right . gordon so I guess you deserve a handicap . gordon toss flass the baseball bat . he catch it easily . flass swaggers , swinging the bat from side to side . belligerent . all grin : flass you gotta be kidding . you go all kinky on I , little man ? gordon sure I be . flass you ready for you punishment ? gordon sure I be . flass this be gonna hurt . gordon sure it be . wham ! gordon smashes he fist into flass ' face , then duck , as flass swing the baseball bat , miss by a mile - wham ! wham ! gordon deliver vicious blow to flass ' midsection . the baseball bat fly through the AIR , end over end . then , a spinning kick send flass sprawling . gordon compose himself . gordon now then . something 's go down tonight , you be go to tell I what it be ? flass ( laugh ) forget it Gordon . you be in over you head , and now it 's over '' it's already over . gordon Fine . have it you way . I would like to string you up . but when you take you shot at I , you tell you friend to keep I out of the hospital . I suppose I should return the favor . gordon turn to walk away , then spin around '' gordon ( cont 'd ) aww , fuck it . '' and kick the stricken , laugh flass in the rib produce a sicken crunch . gordon ( cont 'd ) ( finally walk away ) and flass , thanks for show I what it take to be a cop in this town . flass ( now badly hurt ) be sure to say ' hi ' to ann for I . gordon instantly understand the full meaning of the threat . gordon oh god ! he break into a run for he car , second later he 's on the - ext . street of gotham - dawn the sun be just a pink edge on the skyline as gordon tear ass across town . he 's take horrible risk in traffic . power slide through a crowded intersection '' commuter dive for the curb . blows through a red light '' delivery truck honk and skid . bump over train track '' muffler spark and tumble loose . he 's on the radio '' gordon I need backup at 1827 denny Way . he skid onto the sidewalk '' ucrush a mailbox into he apartment building and bolt from the car into the front door , gun draw . meanwhile '' int . parking garage . gordon' apartment build - dawn a very pregnant and very hysterical ann struggle with four cop as they try to force she into a suv . she 's kick and scream . crying . in the passenger seat sit a stoic loeb smoking a cigar . loeb nobody want it to be this way . I do not want to hurt anyone . it never have to go this far . you husband just cannot take a hint . no matter how hard we beat it into he . gordon burst into the garage , gun draw . gordon get you filthy hand off my wife . ann Jim ! the cop go for they gun . gordon can not shoot , ann be too close . gordon baby get down ! the cop OPEN FIRE . blam ! blam ! the shot echo in the garage . ann throw herself down , as she 's tell . blam ! blam ! gordon duck for cover '' too late '' he's hit ! the 'mm slug slam into he stomach and blows he off he feet . ann oh GOD , jim ! baby ! but he come up shoot blam ! blam ! double head shot '' blood spray , one down '' blam ! blam ! two chest shot '' a second cop stagger back , stricken and shocked '' blam ! one in the hip '' third cop spin , but manage to keep he foot , until '' blam ! stomach shot '' he crumple . the survive cop , with the help of loeb , manage to stuff the pregnant ann into the suv . the last cop punch the gas and shoot for the door but the bat - man stand '' blocking the exit '' in front of he black motorcycle . the truck accelerate - he's go to crash through . instead of get out of the way , the bat - man vault over the hood as the suv crush the motorcycle . he smashes foot first through the windshield , drive both spike boot into the driver 's face . the suv careen wildly , crash into a park car and roll over and back onto its wheel . everything go momentarily black . Light return and we find ourselves - ext . outside gordon' apartment build - moment later loeb pull ann down the street by she hair . he 's bleed badly from a huge gash on he forehead and seem a little daze . bruce fall from the suv 's door onto the sidewalk amid a shower of shattered safety glass . his disguise hang shred . he mask be gone . he try to get he foot but stumble and fall , try again and rise very unsteadily . he's near the end . gordon pull himself across the street by sheer force of will . he bleed all over the place from he gut wound . his gun , now slippery from blood , be hard to hold . together bruce and gordon converge on loeb who seem to be least damage of the three and now hold a magnum in he hand . loeb stop , turn and fire at he pursuer blam ! blam ! they throw themselves behind park car . Glass rain down . blam ! blam ! from they position behind park car , gordon and the bat man make eye contact . gordon what be you do here ? the bat -man strike terror , what else ? gordon I mean the sun 's come up . the bat -man then we better hurry . gordon ( hold up he service revolver ) I be out . the bat -man draw a nasty look throwing knife from he boot . gordon nod . both man stand at the same time to face loeb who hold he gun on one , then the other , momentarily unsure of what to do . the bat - man pinch the knife by its tip , ready to throw . the bat -man Don ' t make I do it . let she go . he 's hold ann in front of himself as a human shield . loeb you will not do it . you don't kill . gordon ( level he empty gun ) I have no such reservation loeb . loeb pfft . you be empty . if you have a shot , I would be dead by now . I walk . loeb have make it to - ext . entrance to a urban park . gordon grow irritate . gordon take he ! the bat-man ( to gordon ) she 's too close . loeb ( to the bat - man ) you have get nothing . I have see you face . I have get the woman . and you will not kill I , it 's against you code . gordon do it ! swoosh ! the knife sink deep into loeb be eye . he scream and fall writhe on the ground . the bat -man I have get a lot of code . ann run over to she husband . the bat-man ( cont 'd ) ( to loeb ) here 's a little something to remember I by . the bat -man , huddle over the supine loeb , do '' something . ann oh jim ! they embrace . ann ( cont 'd ) ( pull away ) you have be shot ! gordon it go right through . I will be all right . gordon stagger a little . he 's weak from he wound . the bat man steady he . ann ( to the bat - man ) be you ok ? the bat -man I be fine . ann you look kind of hurt . she 's right . he look as if he 's have a burn building drop on he . he 's scar , cut , bleed and bruise . the bat -man I will be all right '' ( beat ) - with a little help from my friend . gordon and who be you friend ? the bat -man I do not know , who be you ? gordon I be a cop . who be you ? the bat -man I be the bat -man . gordon point to loeb , he cheek carve with a letter " Z " . gordon that do not look like the mark of the bat . what do that mean ? the bat -man it 's a gift for a kid I use to know , a long time ago . gordon ( nodd ) siren come , you better go . the bat -man turn to go . gordon ( cont 'd ) just so you know , I be practically blind without my glass . the bat -man , toss the glass from across the street '' the bat -man I will see you around , detective . '' just as a truck drive in between they . it look like the al and Son 's garage truck . gordon thanks , ( realize he 's go ) batman . as the cop car , ambulance and tv crew show up we '' CUT to : ext . gotham skyscraper - dusk gotham 's skyline fill we vision as we zoom in on the top floor of a super-ritzy high -rise . its floor - to-ceil window open onto a wrap -around , stone roof -deck . we continue through into a splendid modern live room . plush leather sofa be sink into the floor to create a glamorous entertainment CENTER . built into the wall be a giant - screen tv . on the tv— news anchor , brian in a bizarre shoot incident early this morning gotham 's hero cop James Gordon thwart a attempt kidnap of he pregnant wife by a band of rogue police officer . follow the melee , three police officer be dead and two other hospitalize , include Police commissioner gillian loeb who be blind and disfigure during the confrontation . gordon be admit to mercy general for gunshot wound . he be expect to make a complete recovery , as be he wife , ann , and the baby . the sound of break glass fill the luxurious penthouse as the report continue '' news anchor , brian ( cont 'd ) this evening , Police commissioner loeb face numerous criminal charge include kidnap and allegation of collusion with organize crime . further report indicate that detective Jonathan flass , also hospitalize at this hour in a unrelated incident , will turn state 's witness against loeb . someone have enter the live room . they silhouette tiptoe past the tv , while '' news anchor , brian ( cont 'd ) mayor noone have be unavailable for comment and seem unlikely to face charge at this time . the mysterious intruder lift a exquisite oil painting off the wall as we '' CUT to . ext overgrown garden - dusk bruce wayne stand in a vast , classical garden amid weed and tall grass . flicker firelight illuminate he face in the gather gloom of night . bruce ( v.o. ) december 18 . dear Father , you have teach I well , show I who I be and what it take to be a man in this world . for that I be grateful . bruce look down at he cardboard shipping BOX full of letter burn in a brick fire pit . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but I be ready to find my own way now . I will make the most of my inheritance . and I will always honor you memory . bruce hold a final letter in he hand . he look at it for one more moment , then let it slip into the flame . bruce ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) night be fall . I have get work to do . you loving son , ( beat ) batman . bruce wipe away a tear . little al ( o.s. ) hey , Bruce ! bruce turn to see little al burst out the back patio door of a fabulous , old - world mansion . warm , invite light shine through the live room window . little al ( cont 'd ) this place be sweet ! bruce smile as he head into he home . we pull back and away as the voice of a news anchor trickle news anchor , jane ( o.s. ) in other news , miss millionaire heir to the Wayne enterprise fortune , Bruce wayne , have return to gotham City . we pull up , out and over the front gate of Bruce 's home . secure into the solid , timeless stone be a iron plaque . it read : wayne manor . CUT to : int . live room . the fabulous penthouse - moment later in the glamorous entertainment CENTER , we pull back from the giant - screen tv as the news continue '' news anchor , jane after the tragic murder of he parent more than 15 year ago , young bruce seemingly disappear . well , it turn out he be safe and sound all along pursue he education abroad at the finest school in Europe . we be wide enough now to see selina work on a wall safe . the exquisite oil painting rest against the wall at she foot . she 's wear a sexy , black leather cat - burglar suit complete with ear , claw and a tail . a whip hang on she hip . news anchor , jane ( cont 'd ) and what a handsome young man he be . selina 's head snap around to see bruce on the tv wave to well - wisher at the airport . news anchor , jane ( cont 'd ) look out lady . gotham have a new most eligible bachelor . selina saunter over to the tv . smile ear - to - ear lick lip and '' selina the plot thicken . '' blow a kiss to bruce on the tv . then , hold up a remote control device , she push a red button '' boom ! - the wall safe blow . casually , the catwoman scoops out a glorious diamond necklace and clasp it around she neck . suddenly a alarm sound . selina oops . she smile . then run full speed for the stone roof -deck and leap over the railing . for just a moment she hang in the air , high above the glitter light of gotham City . then she 's go . fade out . credit . end . < !-- var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ; _gaq.push ( [ '_setaccount ' , " ua-4601892 - 4 " ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _setdomainname ' , ' none ' ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _setallowlinker ' , true ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _track pageview ' ] ) ; ( function ( ) { var ga = document.createelement ( 'script ' ) ; ga.type = ' text / javascript ' ; ga.async = true ; ga.src = ( 'http : ' == document.location.protocol ? ' http ://ssl ' : ' http ://www ') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js ' ; var 's = document.getelementsbytagname ( 'script ' ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentnode.insertbefore ( ga , 's ) ; } ) ( ) ; -->