batman versus superman ( untitle ) written by David S. goyer & Chris terrio from a story by Zack Snyder & David S. goyer 3rd draft , January 19th , 2014 '' 2014 warner bros . all rights reserved fade in : ext . arctic ocean -- morning two russian warship , the anatole and the cassiopeia , approach a russian oil rig in arctic water . int . bridge , cassiopeia -- continuous karpov 60 , a intimidating russian general , captain the warship . his second in command uminski , 30' , stand at he side . karpov ( to uminski , in Russian ) hold this position . uminski yes General . int . cargo hold , russian oil rig -- continuous 300 russian oil rig worker be hold prisoner in the cargo hold of the russian oil rig . they be surround by a atlantean hijacker . the atlantean wear a combination of black wet suit and armor plating design like fish scale . they face be concealed behind mask . they hand and feet be bare . they wield strange weaponry which hum with ENERGY . oksana , 40' , a hardened female oil rig worker cradle a frighten younger female oil rig worker , lucya , early 20' , who sob in she arm . oksana ( in Russian ) it 's ok . it 's ok . mera , a tall , beautiful redhead atlantean walk past they and speak with one of she Warrior . he bow to she and leave . she walk towards a tall man with long flowing hair who sit on top of a stack of crate like a King on a throne . he be dress in armor . in he right hand he hold a long golden trident . his leave hand be shimmering and blue as if made of water . this be orin , king of the atlantean . mera ( in atlantean ) orin . the surface dweller approach . orin step off the crate which be mark ' merrevale '. orin ( in atlantean ) order the Warrior to set the charge . mera and the prisoner ? orin they be pawn . when the charge be set put they in they life boat and release they . ( he smile ) in the meantime let we welcome we guest . he leave the cargo hold . mera stay to watch over the hostages . ext . platform , russian oil rig , arctic -- continuous two russian helicopter hover above the MAIN platform . a squad of twelve russian commandoe rappel down onto the platform they machine gun raise and ready . orin emerge onto the platform follow by a squad of he warrior who carry with they large cannon - like weapon . orin get in formation . I will attend to this . the King walk towards the commando who AIM they gun at he . commando leader ( firmly , in Russian ) Drop you weapon and get down on you knee ! orin ( in Russian ) I kneel before no one . he slam the hilt of he trident down . a commando notice a atlantean warrior place a cannon the rail at the edge of the platform and point it towards the warship . commando stop ! the commando fire he weapon . the bullet bounce of the atlantean armor but one penetrate the warrior 's leg . he buckle and fall to he knee . with superhuman speed orin attack before the commandos can even react . 3. he jump high into the air and land in the middle of the commandos . with lethal efficiency he dispatch the commandos . slicing they arm and stabbing they through the legs with he trident . he kick the commando leader clear across the platform as the rest fall to the floor disabled and in pain but alive . the King turn to he Warrior and nod . atlantean warrior OPEN FIRE ! the Warrior place the cannon on the rail and FIRE on the anatole . blue bolt of destructive ENERGY fire towards the warship . the Energy impact the hull of the ship send wave of ENERGY through the vessel which incapacitate the crew who crumble to the floor , unconscious . int . bridge , cassiopeia -- continuous karpov see the other warship be disabled . karpov ( to uminski ) call in the fighter . uminski activate he radio . ext . sky , arctic water -- continuous three russian t-50 fighter jets fly high above the Arctic water . int . t-50 jet ( flying ) , arctic water -- continuous the pilot listen to he order . pilot what be my order ? uminski ( 0.s ) request immediate attack . terminate the hostile . pilot affirmit ... the Pilot pause as he see something outside of the cockpit . 4 , ext . t-50 jet ( flying ) , sky , arctic water -- continuous two familiar red boot walk up the nose of the jet towards the cockpit . the Pilot look up as a red cape billow outside the jet. ext . bridge , cassiopeia -- continuous uminski and karpov watch as the T - 50 fly past without complete the airstrike . uminski ( into radio ) request immediate attack . repeat immediate attack . there be no response uminski ( con 't ) no response sir . karpov suck he tooth and ponder he option . uminski look to the sky and he eye widen . uminski ( shocked ) Sir ! karpov look up . int . platform , russian oil rig -- continuous orin and he Warrior look to the sky as they hear the crack of a sonic boom . a red and blue blur crash down through the complex . orin ( smile ) Sky dweller . int . cargo hold , russian oil rig -- continuous the Red and Blue blur smashes down through the ceiling and down onto the floor . the hostages scream and cower as the atlantean raise they ENERGY weapon . mera calmly step backwards and take cover behind a bulkhead door and watch . the debris and dust settle and stand on the dented floor in the middle of the cargo hold between the hostages and atlantean be the man of steel , kal EL ... superman . a atlantean warrior rush superman with he weapon raised . superman ( calmly ) I would put that toy away . superman grab the barrel of the weapon and crush it with ease . the other atlantean OPEN FIRE . bolt of crackling blue ENERGY strike superman repeatedly . he stagger back as the energy pass through he body . he shake it off . superman ( con 't ) ( bemuse ) that 's new . superman try to pull the weapon away from the atlantean . but to the kryptonian 's surprise the warrior resist . the warrior seem to be smiling beneath he mask . superman pull harder and the atlantean be yanked off he foot entirely and tossed aside . superman then with superhuman speed attack the remain Warrior as they OPEN FIRE on he again . he deflect they ENERGY bolt and disarm they destroy they weapon and scatter they part across the cargo hold . he criss -crosses the interior of the complex subduing the Warrior before come to a halt in front of the hostages . they recoil from he and cower superman ( con 't ) do not be afraid . ( reach out he hand ) I be here to help . lucya stand up and walk up to the man of steel and look into he kind eye and place she hand in he . lucya ( in English ) there be other . superman I know . I will take care of they . can you lead this people to the life boat ? she nod . superman smile . superman ( con 't ) ( to mera ) I be give you once chance to surrender . that 's more than that warship will . orin ( 0.s ) ( in English ) how many chance will they give you ? superman look up through the hole in the rig 's roof . stand above he looking down upon he be orin . orin ( con 't ) before they kill you ? superman lift of the floor and float up through the hole and hover over orin before landing to face he . superman they only killer here be you and you terrorist . disarm the bomb you have plant . orin I do not kill without justification . ( gesture to the warship ) unlike they . superman the people here be innocent . orin and I will release they and ( gesture to the rig ) destroy this abomination . superman I can not allow you to do that . orin they machine poison my ocean . ruin the Earth . there be nothing of this world but rot , decay and death . ( point trident at superman ) and you would be it 's champion ? superman I would be it 's protector . orin why ? human hate what they do not understand and they can never understand someone like you . ( softly ) I know this . superman you have be destroy oil installation all over the planet . this have to stop . orin I will never stop . I do this to protect my people like you protect theirs . superman see atlantean on the platform charging up they ENERGY cannon . before they can fire superman use he heat vision to destroy the cannon . the Warrior be send hurtling backwards from the blast . orin strike superman across the jaw with the hilt of he trident and then stab it toward he chest . superman catch the trident as orin lunge forward drive superman backwards . superman steadies himself . he look at orin 's shimmering left hand . superman ( confuse ) what be you ? orin more like you than they can ever be . superman grip the trident and swing orin over he head and smashes he down into the platform floor . orin flip to he foot and slice the trident across superman 's chest cut three slashes in he symbol of hope . superman and orin charge at each other . int . bridge , cassiopeia -- continuous uminski watch as superman and orin battle on top of the platform . karpov be on the radio await order . uminski ( to himself , in awe ) they be god ! karpov receive he order . karpov ( to uminski ) open fire on the installation . uminski ( reluctant ) that would sink it . there be 300 civilian on board . karpov you have you order . uminski take a deep breath . uminski ( firmly ) no . karpov turn gesture two sailor to remove uminski from the Bridge . karpov ( disgust ) get this coward out of here ! uminski be escorted out . karpov ( firmly ) open fire ! int . platform , oil rig -- continuous orin be send . skidding backwards across the platform . he stab he trident into the floor to stop he momentum . he smile . orin you be hold back . superman because I do not want to kill you . the roar of artillery FIRE fill the AIR . a shell impact the installation . the explosion shake the oil rig . another Shell detonate between superman and orin separate they . superman jump into the air and fly toward the warship . int . bridge , cassiopeia -- continuous karpov see the man of steel approach . karpov ( frantic ) Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! ext . arctic water -- continuous the warship OPEN FIRE on superman who punch the shell from the sky and fly over the warship and use he heat vision to destroy the artillery cannon and then dive down through the bridge . karpov throws himself to the floor on impact . superman stand over the terrified General . before he can do anything he hear the scream of the oil rig worker . he leave and fly back towards the crippled rig . int . hallway , oil rig -- continuous he land inside and land in a smoking hallway . he hear someone struggling . he swiftly follow the sound . mera be pinned beneath a fall bulkhead door . her stomach have be wounded . she 's bleeding heavily . superman lift the door off of she and take she in he arm and fly she out of the hallway and out onto the platform . he lay she down gently . superman ( con 't ) I can help you . please trust I . he use he heat vision to cauterize the wound . she grit she tooth try not to scream . superman finish and she go limp . superman look up from mera and see orin watching he . behind he he Warrior stand weapon ready and aimed at the man of steel . superman stand . superman ( con 't ) she need help . take she and leave . orin strap he trident across he back and lift mera gently in he arm . as he leave he look back on superman for a moment . orin dive off the platform and into the Ocean and swim at amazing speed into the depth . his Warrior follow . suddenly the 0il rig be rocked by a huge explosion at it 's base and begin to tilt and sink into the Ocean . 10 . int . cargo hold , russian oil rig -- continuous Water rush into the cargo hold and engulf the worker . oksana grab lucya and stop she from be dragge away by the current . int . platform , russian oil rig , arctic water -- continuous superman fly up into the sky then down into the ocean . int . cargo hold , russian oil rig -- continuous the worker be totally submerge and and second away from death . the oil rig shake and the Water level begin to drop . the worker gasp for air . ext . russian oil rig , arctic water -- continuous the oil rig rise from the ocean carry by superman who slowly carry it to the nearby iceberg and place it down as softly as possible . int . cargo hold , russian oil rig -- continuous the worker scream as the oil rig land . ext . russian oil rig , iceberg -- continuous superman breaths heavily . superman ( con 't ) why be you here ? orin stand behind he . orin leave they . they will destroy you if you do not . superman face the King . orin ( con 't ) it 's they nature . the worker start to flow out of the oil rig . superman look towards the warship and walk past orin . superman you would better hope we do not meet again . superman leap into the air and fly toward the warship . orin watch he as he depart . 11 . orin ( respectful ) we will brother . we will . int . deck , cassiopeia -- continuous the crew of the warship , include karpov and uminski , be on the deck . superman land on the deck and march toward karpov . superman ( con 't ) ( angry ) — there be 300 innocent people on that rig ! karpov ( in Russian , terrify ) sorry ! sorry ! sorry superman pause . superman ( to Crew ) do anyone speak English ? uminski raise he hand . superman ( con 't ) that people need help and medical attention . see that they get it . uminksi nod and relay superman 's order to the Crew . superman ( con 't ) ( to uminski ) who order the attack ? uminski do not say anything but look towards karpov . superman ( con 't ) be that so ? CUT to : karpov yell obscenity in Russian . he have be wrapped up in the metal remains of the warship 's bridge . his foot hang comically above the deck . ext . russian oil rig , iceberg -- continuous oksana and lucya watch as superman disappear into the heaven . lucya ( in Russian ) superman . 12 . ext . sky , arctic water -- continuous superman fly high above the Arctic picking up speed as he come towards the pacific ocean and skim at super sonic speed across the water . he spin as he gain altitude and enter the stratosphere , breaking the SOUND barrier . ext . space -- moment later superman slow down as he look upon the earth . he take in the sight for a moment before descend back towards the UNITED states . float in the distance be a lexcorp satellite . int . dark room a man sit cross legge on a desk in a dark room with he back to we . he be a black silhouette against a array of computer screen which be monitoring the scene in the Arctic and show blurred image of superman fly through space . the screen go blank and the room go black . ext . barn , kent farm -- evening martha Kent walk toward the barn . her dog jump be by she side . she open the barn door and enter . she try to pull OPEN the trap door when the Dog start bark and she hear a familiar swooshing sound . martha ( smile ) how come you always show up at dinner ? stand in the doorway be she son superman ... clark kent . clark good timing . martha ( sarcastic ) sure ( tug on the trap door ) well do not just stand there . help I with this . her Son smile and pull the trap door open and they both walk down the step into the dark room below . martha switch on the light and reveal the room which be very different from when it use to conceal Clark 's 13 . spacecraft . pasted to the wall be hundred of newspaper clipping of she son 's exploit all around the world . clark you have be busy . martha I come down she a lot this day . I be turn into you father . ( smile ) when he want to be alone he would come down here . it be he fortress of solitude . Clark see a old framed photo of himself and he father on the workbench . he pick it up and stare at it longingly . it 's clear he still miss he . martha lean she head against he shoulder and look at the photo . martha ( con 't ) he would have be so proud of you Clark . he be proud of you . clark I know . ( put the photo back down and look around at all the clipping ) if only the rest of the world share he opinion . martha they will . they just do not understand you right now . or what happen with Zod . Clark 's face harden at the mention of Zod . martha ( con 't ) look around you . look at all the great thing you have do and the people you have help . clark but you have only put up the good thing they say about I . martha Clark , honey . if I be to use the bad thing they say I could cover the barn , the house and the outhouse . clark we still have a outhouse ? 14 . they laugh . martha hug Clark and lay she head against he torn symbol of hope . martha thing will change . someday the whole world will see you for what you be . just like I do . and you Father do . clark when you say it I believe it . martha that 's right . ( loosen she grip and look he in the eye ) now let I fix you some dinner . clark that 's ok Mom . martha oh can it . we do this every time . I already have a plate out . clark ( laugh ) ok . ok . she let he go and start to MARCH up the step . martha and take off that damn beat up suit . no cape at the table . clark elvis wear a cape . you love elvis . martha elvis be elvis . he could wear anything . Clark smile and follow he mother . int . kitchen , house , kent farm -- later Clark , dress in a shirt and jeans , be in the kitchen wash the dish while martha sit on the couch in the live room watch a talk show . martha hurry up Clark . lois be on . Clark put the final dish down and walk to the live room and lean against the door frame . 15 . on the television tv talk show host cat grant . a buxom blonde with a ice white smile host a debate between lois lane and morgan edge , a slick young pr executive . int . wgb - tv studio -- continuous cat smile at the camera . cat good even . I be cat grant and join I tonight on we panel be pulitzer Prize win reporter for the Daily Planet lois Lane . lois glad to be here cat . int . live room , house , kent farm -- continuous martha ( impressed ) she look good on tv . int . wgb - tv studio -- continuous cat and to she leave be Morgan Edge , pr executive to metropolis ' own lexcorp . the world 's lead conglomerate and a virtual economy all by itself . Lovely to have you here . edge always a pleasure . cat so lois I will start with you . it 's be almost a year since the attack on metropolis and in that time you have be a very vocal proponent in the media for the be know as kal El as a ally to Earth . lois I believe kal El be be portray unfairly in the global media and as a witness to what transpire before and after the event in metropolis I have no doubt in my mind that kal El can and will aid humanity in way that I understand the population be find difficult to accept right now . cat Morgan , you and lexcorp have a different view point . 16 . edge we share the same view as the majority of the world in that there be no evidence that this ' superman ' be not a very real threat to the safety of every single human life on this planet . lois I disagree . just look at the good work he 's do not just in the U.S but around the world in the last year . edge by good work do you mean break international law and cause incident after incident . cat , just tonight we be get report that he attack Russian military personnel in Russian water . int . live room , kent farm --. continuous martha look at Clark . martha you be in Russia ? how be it ? clark angry . int . wgb - tv studio -- continuous edge ( to cat ) the Russian President be furious . as long as we harbor kal El it look like we be condon he action . while he 's fly around dish out he own brand truth and justice the Russian government be accuse we of aid terrorist . but ms Lane would have you believe that he 's a hero . lois ( to cat ) the United States government concede that kal El not only save million of life here in metropolis but also the entire planet . edge yet ms Lane he could not save the 5,000 people that lose they life right here in we city . a death ( more ) 17 . edge ( cont would ) toll that would have be much larger have it not be for the effort of the city 's police and emergency worker . and what part be kal El play in the reconstruction of the city ? none . it be lexcorp that be fix that damage that he ultimately cause . louis ( dismissive ) this be not a pr piece for lexcorp Morgan . edge just point out that you super friend be not the only one do good work . lois ( to cat ) kal El possess so much potential as a ally of humanity rather than be label a enemy . I believe he 's here to help despite what people like Morgan would have you believe . morgan ( scoff ) you say he 's here to help but what have he do ? lex luthor have pour over 5 billion dollar into the city 's infrastructure . give many impoverish area a new lease on life include rebuild notorious slum like hob 's bay . lois and which be still and enclave of violent criminal organization which fall under the protection of lexcorp and they lawyer . edge there be no evidence of that and you should not concern yourself with slanderous rumor . lois it be not a rumor that you and lex where member of the most notorious gang ever to come out of hob 's Bay . 18 . edge it 's no secret that life do not afford lex and I quite the opportunity that it do you ms Lane . cat ( interject ) but look at lex now . edge exactly cat. lex luthor and lexcorp be the real heroes metropolis need . not some reckless alien who hide he true intention from the world . int . live room , kent farm -- continuous martha he do not like you . clark ( smile ) seem like that . int . wgb - tv studio -- continuous cat smile at the camera . cat well that 's all we have time for . after the break we will show you exclusive report from we Russian affair correspondent Angela chen . lois thank you for join we . lois thank you . cat and Morgan . give my regards to lex . edge sure thing . int . live room , kent farm -- continuous martha I think she hold she own . clark she always do . martha why have not you bring she around lately ? 19 . clark because you both get way too drunk . martha ( indignant ) whatever . you gonna stay the night ? clark sure . I get a doctor appointment in the morning anyway . martha ok well take out the garbage before you leave . Clark kiss he mother on the cheek . clark sure Mom . int . wgb - tv studio -- continuous lois step off the stage where Edge be have he microphone removed . edge do not feel too bad Lane . tv be a lot different than sit behind a laptop . this be where I shine . lois if you ever get tired of be luthor 's mouthpiece then maybe you can pursue a career . edge you know if you keep go after he like this lex might start to take it personal . lois look Edge right in the eye . lois I could not prove the detail of luthor 's ( emphasise ) " aggressive aquisition ' of rival company . that do not mean I stop look . edge that 's usually when you should . lois usually my source do not end up dead . 20 . edge life can be a fragile thing ms lane. ( smile ) take care . Edge leave . lois ( agitate ) self important asshole . she remove she cell phone from she pocket and turn it on . she have a text from clark . text : in Kansas . sleep over . lois of course . young man ( 0.s ) ms Lane . Louis look up from she phone and see jimmy olsen , a 21 year old photographer from the DAILY planet . he 's bright eyed , enthusiastic and awkward . jimmy ( nervous ) Mr White send I down here to meet you . she look at he , confuse . jimmy ( con 't ) I be Jimmy . Jimmy Olsen the new photographer . a flash of recognition cross lois ' eye . lois right Jenny 's brother . ( start to walk ) I remember now . Jimmy follow she periodically skipping to keep up with she stride . lois ( con 't ) why be you even here ? jimmy ( awkwardly ) Mr White send I because you turn you phone off and I be to tell you not to say anything bad about lex luthor . which I do not because I leave my damn i.d at home and they would not let I past the lobby . 21 . lois smile at he . jimmy ( con 't ) they have to call the Planet and by the time I get here you would already say some stuff . lois next time then . awkward silence . jimmy so what now ? lois I be go home . jimmy I could drive you . my car 's outside . lois I can get home by myself . jimmy I be just ask because it 's late and all . for safety you know . lois I do not need a bodyguard Jimmy . it 's metropolis , not gotham . ext . gotham CITY -- night gotham CITY be a vast urban sprawl . skyscraper cast shadow over the decrepit slum that surround it 's wealthy inner hub . ext . STREET , gotham CITY -- night carrie , a 21 year old red head in thick framed glass , walk alone down the dark gotham street . she 's frustrated , she phone be dead and it 's beginning to rain . a cab pass by . she raise she hand to hail it . carrie hey ! hey ! it doesn 't stop . carrie ( con 't ) asshole ! ( she check she phone again ) goddammit . 22 . she hear something . a noise from up ahead . she pause , scanning the area for any sign of danger . there 's nothing . just silence . after a moment she look to she phone again . on it 's screen she see a flash of movement . she look up but before she can react she be snatched by a unseen assailant . int . abandoned theater -- continuous two men in dirty orange jumpsuit drag carrie , who be kicking and struggling , into the trash strewn abandoned theater which be light by a solitary light . in the theater five other men in identical jumpsuit huddle by that stage beneath a sixth man , with rows of notched carve into he exposed torso , who sit atop a chair on the stage like a king on he throne . this be serial murderer victor zsasz and this be he acolyte . the five man part as carrie be throw roughly to the ground in front of the stage . Zsasz look down on she with madness filled eye . his acolyte grin , giggle and drool as they master step off the stage and approach the young gothamite . carrie ( con 't ) ( frighten / whisper ) please do not do this ! Zsasz smile . saliva drip down he chin as he kneel down and lean in close . Close enough for she to recoil from he foul breath . zsasz ( with relish ) you be whisper . my student do not bring you here to whisper . carrie 's eye bug out when she see the razor sharp dagger Zsasz produce and bring it up to she cheek . zsasz ( con 't ) no matter . you will scream . ( nick she cheek ) soon enough . carrie kick she legs at the amuse serial killer . she be restrained by the acolyte . carrie ( scream ) somebody ! help I please ! 23 . zsasz ( smile ) good. good . ( he lick the blood of the blade ) that 's a start . acolyte # 1 notice something above he . he look up but before he can make out what it be he be pulled from the floor and disappear into the darkness above . Zsasz and he acolyte freeze . wham ! crack ! -- acolyte # 1 wail in pain before be slammed down into the ground hard . he lay there unconscious and bloodied . a shape descend from the darkness above they . acolyte # 2 and # 3 have no time to react . acolyte # 2 's knee be blown out as acolyte # 3 's jaw be shatter by a devastating blow . both I crumble to the ground . acolyte#4 swing and iron bar at the shadowy figure . he be disarmed and the bar be slammed into he sternum . he fall to the floor clutching he chest . acolyte #5 try to run but the bar impact he across he back savagely and he fall to the floor . the dark figure step into the light . carrie scurry backward against the wall and see the symbol . black against grey ... a bat . stand above the beaten and crippled body be gotham guardian , the dark knight ... the batman . his eye narrow as he focus on he prey , Zsasz . he step forward . acolyte # 6 and # 7 pull they blade and attack . # 6's arm be snapped like a TWIG . he try to scream but can not as he face be smashed into the concrete floor . #7 swing widely and the batman effortlessly dodge every attack with grace and speed . his reply be crushing . two brutal strike to the jaw and finish by a stomach churning kick to the gut which send # 7 down . hard . zsasz ( 0.s ) ( shout ) stay where you be ! Zsasz hold carrie close . his blade against she throat . 24 . zsasz ( con 't ) ( menace ) you move and I open she up ! batman stand motionless , silent . Zsasz smile as he presses the knife against she skin . Light glitter across the blade . carrie ( whisper / to batman ) please ... a razor sharp batarang appear in batman 's hand . carrie ( con 't ) help ! batman throw he weapon . his aim be accurate and it slice across the meat of Zsasz shoulder , cutting he deeply . he scream . take the blade away from carrie 's neck . she elbow he in the chest and stumble forward hold she throat . batman catch she . Zsasz clutches he mutilated shoulder and flee the theater . carrie look into batman 's cold , emotionless eye . her hand slowly come away from she throat . she 's CUT . but superficially . he let she go and follows Zsasz out of the theater . she stand silent . watch he in awe . ext . STREET , gotham CITY -- continuous Zsasz run toward a parked van . he open the driver side door and get inside . sitting slumped in the passenger seat be a dead man . his throat have be CUT . in the back of the Van be two more acolyte . each have machine gun . acolyte#8 what happen ? zsasz ( seethe ) the bat . they exchange worried glance . 25 . Zsasz start the engine and slam he foot on the gas . the Van tear off down the street . batman appear and produce a grappling gun from he utility belt . he aim at the Van and fire . the hook embed in the Van 's rear door and batman retract the line and he be pulled off he foot toward the Van . he land on the back of the Van and flip onto the roof . int . van ( moving ) -- continuous Zsasz realize that batman be on the roof . zsasz ( shout to acolyte ) he 's on the roof ! the acolyte OPEN FIRE through the roof of the Van . ext . van ( moving ) , STREET -- continuous bullet rip through the Van 's roof . batman narrowly avoid the gunfire . he presses a button on he Utility belt . int . darkened alleyway -- continuous the alleyway be pitch black until the growl of a powerful engine be accompany by the illumination of two headlight . int . van ( moving ) -- continuous the acolyte be reloading . zsasz ( angry ) | why will not he die ! batman slam down onto the hood and plant a SMALL explosive on the windscreen . it detonate and the screen shatter . batman grab Zsasz by the throat . the acolyte FIRE on the Dark knight . the bullet tear through he cape . batman release Zsasz and run up onto the roof as the acolyte fire at he through the roof . Zsasz grip he neck and look in the side mirror and see headlight in the distance behind he . come up fast . 26 . ext . STREET , gotham CITY -- continuous close in the Van , engine growling , be a armore black car . the batmobile . batman jump from the Van and land on top of he car as it 's door swing OPEN and he jump inside . Zsasz Van pick up speed . the rear door swing OPEN and both acolyte OPEN FIRE on the batmobile . they bullet ricochet off the vehicle armore exterior . Zsasz take a sharp corner . acolyte#8 lose he balance and fall from the Van . he slam into the asphalt and roll limply down the street . the batmobile swerve hard to avoid run over the down acolyte . acolyte #9 , unperturb , continue to fire on the batmobile . suddenly the batmobile turbo boost and overtake Zsasz 's van . int . van ( moving ) -- continuous Zsasz watch as the batmobile pass he and vanish into the night . he eye bulge as ahead of he the batmobile have come to a a abrupt halt . he slam on the break . ext . STREET , gotham CITY -- continuous Zsasz 's Van hit the armored batmobile hard and jackknife over it and crash . the Van skid along the tarmac send SPARKS fly before come to a halt . after a moment the Van door creak open and Zsasz crawl out bloody and groggy . he stand , lean against the Van and steady himself . wham ! the sound of fist against flesh reverberate behind he . Zsasz turn . the batman stand by the ruined Van hold the unconscious acolyte # 9 by the throat . he release he grip and the acolyte fall to the ground . 27 . the Dark knight march forward . his fist clenched . Zsasz pull he blade and attack . with lightning speed the killer slashes and stab at batman . the Dark knight dodge and parry before grabbing the killer 's forearm . batman ( calm ) 2 men. he break Zsasz 's arm . the killer scream . batman ( con 't ) ( angry ) 4 woman . he punch Zsasz in the stomach send he to he knee , coughing . batman ( con 't ) ( angrier ) 5 child . he crack he across the jaw . Zsasz laugh and smile through cracked , bloodstained teeth . zsasz 6 ... ( cough ) 6 child . batman 's eye fill with hate . he snatch Zsasz 's windpipe and begin to squeeze . in a frenzy he start to rain down blows . one -- two -- three -- his arm be grabbed and yanked back . man ( 0.s ) ( firmly ) that 's enough ! batman spin around and find himself face to face with a man , mid 20' , masked and dressed in black with a dark blue bird symbol on he chest . this be dick grayson , former robin , now nightwing . nightwing ( con 't ) ( serious ) he go back in cuff . not a coffin . 28 . batman unclench he fist and look down on Zsasz 's bloody and swollen face . batman drop he . the serial killer still emit soft laughter through he busted mouth . siren can be hear . batman pull he arm free of nightwing 's grip and march toward the batmobile . nightwing watch he leave and depart before the g.c.p. D arrive on the scene . ext . rooftop , tall build , gotham --. later batman stand on the rooftop look out into gotham . wayne tower can be see in the distance . nightwing ( o.s ) this have to stop . nightwing drop down onto the roof behind he and remove he mask . the former ally face each other . batman ( unrepentant ) it be less than he deserve . nightwing ( point he finger accusingly ) you do not get to decide that . this be not what we do . batman it 's always what I have do . nightwing ( angere ) bullshit ! what happen to the man who would think thing through before beat someone to a pulp ? batman ( emotionless ) he be weak . lacked conviction . nightwing so you be just go to keep this up until what ? you kill someone ? or yourself ? batman do not answer . 29 . nightwing ( con 't ) we be not with you anymore . not Gordon . not Barbara . sooner or later the law be go to come after you . batman ( turn to leave ) I will be ready for that . nightwing ( con 't ) ( coldly ) or I will . batman ( cold ) you do what you have to . nightwing maybe if you do what you have to Jason would still be here . batman stop and spin around , angry . batman ( shout ) you have no right ! nightwing ( shout back ) I have every right . batman ( angry ) I tried ! nightwing ( shout ) you faile ! batman have no answer . nightwing regains he composure . nightwing ( con 't ) what you be do will not change that . ( turn to leave ) stop . before it 's too late . you do not belong out here anymore ... Bruce . nightwing leave . batman be leave alone to ponder he former friend 's accusation . he walk to the edge of the rooftop and remove he cowl revealing the face of bruce wayne . 30 . he 's in he early 40 's but do not look a day beyond 35 . except for he eye which be old beyond he year . the eye of of war veteran who have see too many horror . he look at he blood stained fist solemnly . ext . house , kent farm -- dawn it 's the early hour of the morning . Clark , wear he suit , step out onto the porch carry two trash bag . he walk towards the trash can . martha , in a bathrobe step out onto the porch . she shiver in the cold . she pull she robe tighter . martha it 's chilly . Clark smile . clark I be sorry . I do not mean to wake you . martha then do not stomp down the stair in the a.m. I would hope you stay for breakfast . clark I have to be back in metropolis . martha to see that quack ? I do not like they poke and prodding you . clark ( smile as he put the bag in the trash can ) they be friend Mom . no poke or prodding . martha if you say so . ( walk over and kiss he on the cheek ) take care . I will see you soon . clark can not go to the party without you . I love you Mom . martha I love you too . 31 . she step back as superman take off and disappear beyond the horizon . ext . marina , metropolis harbor -- morning the themyscirian royal ship slowly dock in the metropolis marina . i0 , a tall , athlethic woman in she 20' , stand on the dock . a ramp descend from the Boat to the dock . at the top of the ramp stand a devastatingly beautiful woman , 20' , whose long lock of dark hair blow in the fall breeze . this be diana of themyscira , princess of the amazon . io kneel as diana descend the ramp . 10 ( in amazonian ) princess diana . diana ( in amazonian ) stand io . you do not have to bow to I . I be not my mother . io stand and diana embrace she . diana it have be too long . 10 I wish we could meet under better circumstance you highness . diana I know . tell I io . tell I what have happen to mala . where be we sister ? int . medical CENTER , themyscirian embassy -- later a elderly priestess stand over the semi conscious body of orana , a amazonian warrior . orana have be severely wounded and be clinging to life . diana be lead into the room by io . the priestess bow as diana approach orana . the princess caress orana 's face . diana ( to io ) who do this ? 32 . 10 Men come and steal we sister away . only orana return to we . torture and next to death . diana kneel beside orana . diana orana . orana 's eye struggle to focus . orana diana ? diana I be here sister . you must tell I who do this ? orana ( weak ) they keep we in a tomb fill with horror . ( take a labor breath ) they King keep we prisoner . orana pass out . diana Rest sister . ( stand and turn to io ) who be this King ? 10 the one who rule this place . the city bear he mark . we should never have come here . its a world rule by animal . diana look at she fall fellow amazonian . diana we be here because you Queen command it . we need to find where we sister be be hold . 10 there be one who will give we the location . io gesture to the doorway where Morgan Edge stand , grinning . edge ( cocky ) I may not understand the lingo but I figure you might be wonder where the other lady be be keep . 33 . diana ( in English ) and you would tell we ? edge sure . for the right price . diana I will not barter for life of one of my sister . edge then you sister will not have life much longer . suddenly a golden lasso be whipped around Edge 's neck and he be pulled to he knee . the lasso begin to glow with golden electricity . Edge 's eye begin to glow diana be my sister alive ? edge ( hypnotic ) yes . diana where do they keep she ? edge lexcorp Research and development . Three mile south outside the city limit . diana remove the lasso . Edge hold he neck . edge ( con 't ) ( confuse ) what do you do to I ? diana I let you live . ( to io ) get this beast out of my sight . io pick Edge from the floor and escort he , roughly , out . diana grip the lasso tight with both hand . ext . s.t.a.r lab , metropolis -- day s.t.a.r lab be a huge circular build locate near the metropolis harbor . 34 . int . hamilton room , s.t.a.r lab -- continuous the MAIN laboratory be a vast room litter with computer monitor and science equipment beneath a giant skylight . sunlight fill the room . head scientist professor silas stone , 50' , be compile data on he tablet . t.o morrow , a scientist in he 50' sit at he computer screen monitoring satellite feed . he notice something on he screen . morrow ( to silas ) he 's here . silas good . open the skylight . morrow press a few key on he computer and the glass roof open up . man' votce ( 0.s ) he 's late . silas turn and smile at colonel JOHN stewart . a tall , broad shouldered former marine . his uniform be emblazoned with a s.t.a.r lab logo on he shoulder . stewart you need to tell he to keep to the schedule if we do not want the higher up to find out about we arrangement . silas I be sure he have he reason . stewart I be sure we will hear about it on the news . hovering just above the skylight be superman . he float down into the middle of the room . superman ( to silas ) Professor stone. ( to Stewart ) John . stewart kal . silas notice the damaged suit . silas Long night ? 35 . superman Long year . stewart ( annoyed ) you where schedule over a hour ago . superman ( apologetic ) sorry . I have dinner with my mom. silas smile . Stewart raise a eyebrow . silas follow I . superman follow silas through the Laboratory and towards a research CENTER . morrow walk over to Stewart and hand he a Tablet . morrow take a look at this . Stewart look it over . it 's a news article . it read : superman attack russian troops . stewart ( weary ) swell int . research CENTER , s.t.a.r lab -- continuous superman be shirtless and lay on a table . attach to he chest be electrode which send information to silas ' monitor . silas ( in awe ) ) it 's amazing . superman what be ? silas kryptonian physiology . so different yet so similar to we own . I can never get use to it . superman ( smile ) take I 30 year . 36 . silas you vital be perfect . heart rate , blood pressure , brain activity . all perfect . yet still you have not tapped you full potential . ( turn off the monitor ) there be so much we can learn from you . so much that could benefit we . superman not everybody share that enthusiasm . silas not everybody have vision kal or can see past they fear . which be understandable . once the god be above we and now they walk among we . it 's a frightening concept for most . superman the one who be attack the oil rig . they be not like I but they be not like you either . something else entirely . I know it 's hard to believe . silas I believe you . silas sit down beside the man of steel . silas ( con 't ) not everything remarkable on this Earth come from elsewhere . superman what do you mean ? silas that we be at a dawn of a new age . a age of god and monster . superman you be not frighten . silas not when you stand for we . silas stand and put he hand on superman shoulder . superman put he hand on he . silas ( con 't ) come on . I have something to show you . 37 . int . red room , s.t.a.r lab -- continuous superman follow silas to through the red room . a top secret section of s.t.a.r lab that house vary kind of experimental technology . superman what be this place ? silas this be the Red room . it 's where we keep we advancement that for whatever reason the great public be not quit ready for yet . they come to a large containment capsule . silas ( con 't ) here it be . silas input a code into the keypad on it 's side . it open with a hiss . Inside be a blue body suit . silas ( con 't ) it 's a prototype for a new space suit . highly durable yet very flexible . we will have to make a few change but I would like you to have it . superman I can not accept this . you have already take too many risk . silas you have to . ( gesture to the tear in superman 's suit ) we can not have the savior of the world in rag . superman ( concede ) thank you silas . silas we will have it finish before I leave for Washington . I do wish you would come with I . speak to the President would help you cause . superman I want to address the leader of the World as a whole before I speak to they individually . they walk 38 . silas I understand . ( he close the capsule ) the Conference . do you think you be ready ? superman I think so . it 's be a year . at this point they will have to accept I . silas still hopeful I see . and if they do not ? superman well that 's up to they . I will continue try to help regardless . will you be there ? silas of course . I be hope to bring my son but he have other thing on he mind . superman the big game ? silas every game be a big game to Victor . I suppose it have to be when you a quarterback . towards the exit . silas ( con 't ) I would imagine you would have make quite the player yourself . superman my mother would not let I . silas afraid you would hurt someone ? superman she be afraid they would hurt I . silas ( laugh ) I do not think there 's anything out there that can hurt you . int . cloning facility , project cadmus -- day project cadmus be a large underground laboratory . professor sasha federov , a chechnyan scientist , stand in front of a giant incubation chamber which be a reverse 39 . engineered kryptonian genesis chamber . he look on the content of the chamber with a mix of pride and awe . floating in the chamber be a humanoid form which be cover in grey muscle tissue and sinews . ext . lexcorp plaza -- day lexcorp plaza be a tall office build in downtown metropolis . the marble sign in it 's courtyard read : ' lexcorp plaza . home of the DAILY planet . ' perry ( 0.s ) ( angry ) . be you out of you damn mind ? int . perry white's office , DAILY planet office , lexcorp plaza -- continuous perry white , the editor in chief , slam a stack of paper down on he desk . he 's pissed . lois stand in front of he , defiant . perry ( con 't ) you go after lex luthor on national television ? what the hell be you think ? lois ( unrepentant ) it be a debate . I be defend my position . perry by slander metropolis ' favorite son ? how do expect to rally support from the public when you be try to crucify metropolis ' favorite son ? lois Morgan Edge have be take every opportunity to turn what happen into a pr stunt for lexcorp . all on the basis that kal be a threat to the world . perry and he be not ? lois you know he be not . 40 . perry I know what he do for we . I also know what happen despite that . people be still scared and if you want to change that pursue old grudge be not the way to do it . lois it 's not about that . perry it 's be about that for the last 5 year Louis . let it go . lois my investigation get a man kill . would you let it go ? perry ( sigh ) you can not touch he lois . nobody can . ( he turn and stare out the window in deep think ) I grow up in hob 's Bay Louis . I know the type of person that survive a place like that . what that person be capable of . ( turn back to lois ) luthor run the show . it 's not by chance be in a building he own . at anytime he could buy the Planet right out from under we . you keep this up and he will bury we . you can not fight this battle on two front . lois weigh perry 's comment . lois ( reluctant ) I will back off . for now . perry ( firmly ) for good . ( take he seat ) I want you to cover the Conference . lois I tell you I will not . perry it 's non negotiable lois . it 's the large gather of world leader this city have ever see . and they be here to see superman . you have to be there . 41 . lois this be not fair perry . int . bullpen , DAILY planet office , luthor plaza -- continuous Clark , wear he glass , sit at he desk eave drop on perry and lois ' conversation with he super hearing . Jimmy sit on the desk beside he eat a bowl of nacho . Jimmy be talk but Clark be not pay attention . jimmy Clark ? Clark realize that Jimmy have ask he a question . clark sorry Jimmy I zone out there for a second . what be that ? jimmy I ask have you see he up close ? clark who ? jimmy who do you think ? superman . I be talk about he for the last 5 minute . honestly buddy you need to get you hearing check . clark no . I do not start work until after the whole thing . jimmy damn . I want to see he in action . you know last month he stop a cruise liner from sink . Clark turn he attention back to perry 's office where he can see lois and perry 's argument get very heat . clark ( disinterested ) sound neat . lois storm out of perry 's office , slamming the door behind she . everyone in the bullpen stop and stare . clark ( con 't ) lois ? lois ( angry ) | not now smallville ! 42 . Clark stand , grab he coat and chase after lois . he clumsily bump into people as he do . clark ( awkward ) sorry ! sorry ! ext . STREET , luthor plaza -- continuous Clark catch up with lois as she exit the Plaza door . clark ( concerned ) hold on . what wrong ? lois stop . lois do not pretend that you do not hear everything . clark I think it would be more polite to ask . lois this be such a bad idea . someone else need to cover that Conference . clark it 's not like you to be afraid of a few world leader . lois I do not need to watch you get crucify by a bunch of scared bureaucrat . be you sure about this ? clark no. ( smile ) but I have to try . she hug he tight lay she head on he chest . he wrap he arm around she . clark ( con 't ) we will figure this out . lois I know. ( smile ) ) fly I to Cancun ? clark ( laugh ) sure. 43 . they link arm and stroll down the busy street past billboard that advertise lexcorp 's latest computer software " lexicon 5 ! clark ( con 't ) my mother 's come into town . lois ( genuine ) really ?. clark that 's not a excuse to get liquore up . lois you mother 's a bad influence . clark you influence each other . they laugh . clark ( con 't ) I want to take she to the spire open . lois I do not know why you even want to go to luthor 's Ball . clark Mom 's a country girl she 's never be to a high society event . she would love it . plus it 's a excuse to wear a suit . lois Clark Kent in a suit ? I can not imagine it . he smile before he attention be draw to a crowd of people that be gathere near a wall . he stop . lois look concerned . lois ( solemn ) Clark do not . Clark give she a pained look and walk toward the crowd . he make he way through and see the wall be cover by hundred of photo and keepsake . it 's a memorial to the live lost a year before . Clark scan the wall . he see men ... women ... child ... father ... mother ... son ... daughter . 44 , the turmoil be evident on Clark 's face . lois touch he arm gently . lois Clark ? clark ( overwhelm ) there 's so many . lois ( softly ) I know . come on . Clark take one last look over he shoulder as lois lead he away . int . oval office , white house -- day the president of the UNITED states diane nelson , a tall , slender woman in she 50' , sit behind desk . her serious eye drift back and forth between the three people sit in front of she . general swanwick , head of the UNITED states northern command , sit to she right along with silas Stone and to she leave be ... amanda waller , a stern and focused senator with a intimidating presence . president nelson so what be we option ? waller honestly very few . the world be watch we every move on the superman . we have to take a definitive action . president nelson which be ? waller ( forthright ) engagement . swanwick I must advice against this course of action . superman have in my opinion more than prove himself as a ally . waller ( to swanwick ) he 's prove himself as a liability . ( more ) 45 . waller ( cont would ) ( to President ) Russia be push for some sort of action and if we do not act now we risk look weak . president nelson what do you suggest ? she hand she a thick file stamp : cadmus the President flip through it . president nelson ( con 't ) what be I look at here ? waller last year we recover several item from metropolis after the attack . two item in particular . a advanced incubation system and a body . which cadmus cadmus have manage to successfully duplicate the alien d.n. a the President look intrigued . swanwick look surprised . president nelson which mean ? waller which mean ma'am why worry about a superman when we can have we own . silas ( to waller ) you and I both know the result of cadmus be inconclusive at best . waller ( dismissive ) I have assurance from the head of the project Professor sasha federov the world foremost authority on genetic engineering that a subject be ready for field testing . president nelson do s.t.a.r lab have any alternative ? silas we be research several course of action . none of which involve weaponize alien technology . 46 . waller ( to swanwick ) course of action that be lead to nothing . ( to President ) Mrs President the world be change . I and I be sure s.t.a.r lab have be monitoring several occurrence all over the world . the attack on oil platform by terrorist whose technology be something we have never encounter before . report of a entity in Central City that move faster than sound . cadmus can counter this very real threat . all we need be you signature . the President ponder she decision as she read the file . president nelson why be I only hearing about this now ? waller up until a few month ago there be nothing to tell . just research , experimentation , no concrete result . president nelson who 's. funding this project ? waller several different institution . swanwick I must advice against this Mrs President . president nelson ( to swanwick ) I have the Russian President on the phone for over three hour this morning General swanwick . we need solution and I believe ms waller have provide we with one waller smile self satisfied . president nelson I can not give you a definitive answer until after the conference . but as of now ... ( place the file on she desk ) you have my support . 47 . waller thank you Mrs President . int . hallway , white house -- moment later Stewart stand outside the oval Office door . the door open . waller leave the Office follow by swanwick and Stone . swanwick _ ( angry ) this be unacceptable amanda . waller I be just do what you would in my position . ( turn to silas and smile ) do not presume to think that I be unaware of the alien 's relationship with s.t.a.r lab Professor Stone . swanwick cadmus be a mistake . waller cadmus will make sure that superman will think long and hard before act against we interest . the game have change . there 's a live weapon patrol we sky and it 's about time we have we own . ( turn away and walk down the hallway ) this be a arm race and I intend to win . swanwick be frustrate . stewart ( to swanwick ) who 's you new girlfriend ? swanwick amanda waller . stewart so that 's the ' Wall ' ? silas who 's funding cadmus ? swanwick I have no idea silas . 48 . ext . white house - later Stone and Stewart leave the White House grounds and walk towards a wait car and driver . stand by the car be a silas ' Son victor stone . a STAR quarterback . he wear a metropolis university jacket . stewart ( concerned ) we need a strategy silas . silas I know John . I do not see this come . cadmus be off the book . stewart Black ops ? silas no . it 's privately fund . and that 's what worry I . stewart the only person with that the resource be ... silas a big problem John . Victor open the back passenger seat for he Father . stewart ( to Victor ) how 's the arm Vic ? victor like a cannon . stewart better be I get money on you . victor then you will be buy the drink after man . silas come on Victor . Victor get in beside he Father and close the door . silas ( con 't ) ( to Stewart ) I will see you in metropolis . the car pull off . 49 . ext . lexcorp advanced research and development CENTER , metropolis outskirt -- night a lexcorp helicopter land on the helipad atop the sprawling lexcorp research and development complex locate just outside the CITY limit . the complex be heavily guard by armed lexcorp security guard who stand at each corner of the helipad . mercy grave , late 20' , a striking woman in a business suit . step out onto the Building where she be greet by bruno , the head of security , who be flanked by two suite security guard . bruno ( faux politeness ) it 's always good to see you mercy . mercy ( smile ) a pleasant lie bruno , but a lie nonetheless . bruno . well I try . mercy and like everything in you life you will have to try a little harder . bruno so why be you slumming it with the grunt ? mercy I be oversee the disposal of the material . bruno I see . well better you than I . do not wait on around on my account . he gesture toward the helpipad entrance . mercy enter the the complex . bruno and the suited Guards follow . a hooded and cloak figure dash at amazing speed through the ground and jump high through the air and land on top of the complex in the middle of the helipad . before the Guards have time to react the figure strike , disarm and incapacitate they . the figure remove she hood to reveal diana in a sleek body suit as the wonder woman . 50 . int . hallway , lexcorp research and development CENTER -- continuous mercy , bruno and the Guards walk down the sterile white hallway follow by the Security detail . suddenly the lasso be wrapped around bruno 's neck and he be dragge backwards off he feet . mercy turn to see bruno smash violently into the wall at the end of the hallway . wonder woman take out the Security with two swift kick . they slam into the wall and to the floor unconscious . mercy _ ( angry ) . you just make the last mistake of you life . mercy pull a gun which wonder woman whip out of she hand . like lightning mercy attack the amazon with a series of punch and kick which be all blocked . wonder woman counter with a kick to mercy 's gut which send she backwards . mercy , defeated , try to run but clutch at she throat as the lasso whip around she neck . it glow . wonder woman ( menace ) you hold one of my people prisoner . mercy ( hypnotic ) yes . wonder woman take I to she . int . sub basement , lexcorp research and development CENTER -- continuous mercy , still under the lasso 's thrall , stand with wonder woman outside the glass door of a laboratory deep beneath the Research Center . wonder woman open it . mercy place she hand on a scanner beside the door . it recognize she palm print and the door slide OPEN . wonder woman push mercy inside . Inside the room be a liquid filled tank where mala , late 20' , float unconscious . 51 . a scientist , 40' , stand shocked as he watch wonder woman drag mercy towards the tank . wonder woman ( to scientist ) release she ! scientist ( frighten ) I can not ! the amazon whip the lasso from mercy who fall to she knee and around the scientist 's neck . scientist ( con 't ) ( hypnotic ) I can ! the scientist operate the tank and the liquid be drained from it . the tank open and wonder woman rush to catch mala before she fall to the floor . wonder woman mala ! mala 's eye slowly OPEN . mala ( in amazonian , groggy , confuse ) diana ? wonder woman ( in amazonian ) I have come to take you home . she lift mala of she foot carrying she out of the Laboratory . after she leave mercy , hold she throat , turn to the cower scientist . mercy ( horse ) why be you stand there . sound the alarm ! ext . lexcorp research CENTER , metropolis outskirt -- continuous the alarm be ringing throughout the complex . crash !!! -- the entrance door shatter as two security guard be tossed through they . wonder woman emerge from the entrance carrying mala in she arm . 52 . she run at incredible speed away from the complex as guard on the roof OPEN FIRE on she . when she come to the perimeter fence she jump over it , clearing it by 40 feet . she land and vanish into the night . mercy appear on the roof , seething as she rub she neck . ext . river , metropolis outskirt -- continuous wonder woman lay mala down a river . wonder woman Rest sister . you be safe now . mala ( frail ) he want to kill he . he hate he so much . wonder woman who ? who be you talk about ? mala he want to kill they New God . he want to kill the superman ! ext . wayne manor -- night Wayne manor be a huge 19th century era mansion . int . hallway , wayne manor -- continuous alfred , 70' , be a elderly but still very spry british butler walk down the hallway towards Bruce Wayne 's study carry a tray of food . Inside he approach a ancient grandfather clock and turn the hand to 10:48 then -- clack -- the clock unlocks and pull away from the wall revealing a hidden doorway . he enter . the clock return to it 's original position behind he . int . batcave -- continuous Alfred walk down a stone staircase illuminate by a series of light on the rock ceiling above . bat screech past over head as he descend further down into the vast cavern . the batcave be huge . house inside the vast expanse be a array of hi - tech gadget and weaponry . Old now , show sign of wear and tear after year of use . Alfred pass the park batmobile . in the back of the cave sit atop a landing pad be the batwing . a jet which be cover in dirt and dust from year of idleness . 53 . Alfred make he way up a set of step to a elevate platform where Bruce Wayne sit in front of three large computer monitor . each screen tell a different news story . right screen : serial killer victor zsasz apprehended . middle screen : superman attack russian troops . left screen : u.n conference to meet on anniversary of k-day . Bruce be focused on the middle screen . Alfred put the tray on the desk beside the computer screen . alfred I bring you some dinner master Bruce . one must never obsess on a empty stomach . Bruce glance at the food but do not reply . Alfred look at the image on screen and see superman hovering above metropolis in shaky amateur footage . alfred ( con 't ) if the criminal of gotham be lack you interest might I suggest turn you attention to Central City 's rogue before tackle a alien . Wayne still do not reply . alfred ( con 't ) ( weary ) try and eat something . he turn to leave . wayne I see grayson . Alfred stop when he hear the name . wayne ( con 't ) he 's turn he back on I . they all have . alfred ( honestly ) he 's turn he back on the part of you that remind he of what we have lose . wayne he hate I . 54 . alfred it 's not hate master Bruce it 's hurt . he mourn the brother and blame the father . wayne and who do you blame ? alfred I blame the one who take he . not the one who love he . ( Alfred put he hand on Bruce 's shoulder ) but I do regret the loss of a man who seek diplomacy over violence . I miss that man . ( beat ) everything 's ready for you visit to metropolis he squeezy Bruce 's shoulder before leave . Bruce be still for a moment before stand and walk over to a large glass display case . Inside the case be a dark red and black tactical armor ( chest piece , glove , boot ) which stand beneath a dark GREEN hooded cloak and a black face mask . Bruce place he hand on the glass and stand for a moment . his weary eye fill with the hurt of a father who have lose a son . int . corridor , project cadmus installation -- day the hallway be dark . elevator door open illuminating the hallway . amanda waller step out and walk down the hallway towards two huge reinforced door . her footstep echo as she do . when she arrive at the door she face a control panel . she speak into it . waller ( into control panel ) waller , amanda . clearance mos 17 the reinforced Doors OPEN up slowly revealing the cloning facility . waller step inside and the door close behind she . federov , surprised , rush toward she . federov Mrs. waller . I be not aware you would schedule a visit . 55 . waller I do not . I be here in a unofficial capacity . I want to get a closer look at what we be make here . federov nod , sheepishly . waller walk toward the incubation chamber . waller ( con 't ) when will it be ready ? federov on schedule . waller this project be a big risk federov . I can not afford any mistake . federov I promise you we subject will be perfect . it 's my finest work . waller show I . federov press a few button on the chamber 's control panel and the screen raise revealing its content . waller be visibly unimpressed by the creature . waller it do not look like much to I federov . federov relatively speak neither do superman but then again you be not here for aesthetic . waller I be here for result which this ... federov ( with pride ) ultimate . waller ultimate can provide . federov trust I . you will not be disappointed . the ultimate be superior to the superman in every way . 56 . waller it have better be if and when the alien go rogue . ( lean in close to look at the creature ) I have see enough . federov close the chamber . federov General swanwick have be demand access to the Project . waller swanwick be a fool . a decrepit relic that can not see beyond the barrel of he gun . he think . he have he weapon and do not want anyone else to have theirs . federov he do have authority . waller the only authority here be I federov . I will deal with swanwick you focus on get you ultimate operational . she start to walk towards the door . federov so what to I tell he ? waller only what you be allow to . federov which be ? waller nothing . ext . STREET , lexcorp tower -- day a m.c.p.d patrol car be park outside of lexcorp tower , a huge skyscraper . sitting in the car be officer jame harper , a broad shouldered cop in he 40' . the passenger door open and he partner guy gardner , a athletic man in he late 20' . he have coffee cup and donut . gardner that 's a strong black coffee for I and ... ( hand harper he cup ) and a decaf green tea for grandma . 57 . harper take the cup . harper witty . gardner donut ? harper no thanks . I bring a salad . harper open up a container full of leafy greens and grill chicken . a lexcorp gardner suit yourself . van pass they . harper look at it with disdain . harper would you look at that . he 's everywhere . gardner ( eat he donut ) who ? harper who do you think ? luthor . he 's get he damn truck and billboard everywhere . gardner it 's always be like that Jim . Far as I remember . harper not always guy . it just stick in my throat how a little punk like that can end up with everything . I must have bust he and he croney a dozen time . never could get anything to stick . bastard be always to smart for we . gardner he 's put a lot of money into metropolis . harper consider how much he 's take out of it it 's only right . you want to know how he come by all that cash ? gardner sure I could use a few pointer . 58 . harper when he be just some brat on the street he and he punk run a protection racket down in the Bay . bed good folk dry . he take that cash and use it to make a computer program then sell it to big firm out west for a billion . gardner whistle at the number . harper ( con 't ) it get better . he then use that cash and make a better program make the one he make first look like a calculator . turn that billion into billion . gardner sound like good business . harper that 's not the point . Point be he get he start by take out of the pocket of decent people . guy a crook and the whole damn world love he . gardner he 's rebuild th city after that alien blast it . harper he 's still a crook . just a rich crook . gardner I will take he over superman any day . better the devil you know Jim . harper you be watch the box ? he 's be do a lot of good out there in the world . garder that would be fine by I if he stay away from metropolis . I do not like that space man fly around here . alien weird I out . a black limo pull up outside the lexcorp building MAIN entrance . garder ( con 't ) who 's this now ? Alfred step out of the limo and open the limo passenger door and Bruce Wayne emerge dress in a expensive suit . 59 . harper ( surprised ) that 's Bruce Wayne . garder unimpress who ? 07 Alfred get back into the limo while Wayne walk enter lexcorp tower . int . lobby , lexcorp tower -- continuous Wayne walk through the lobby and stop when he notice there be a basketball court locate to he right . hip young technician and computer programmers walk back and forth . mercy await the billionaire gothamite . she have a scarf around she neck to conceal she bruise . she reach out she hand to Wayne . mercy ( perky ) . mercy grave . Assistant to Mr. luthor . it 's a pleasure . Wayne take she hand and crack a smile . wayne the pleasure be all mine . ( point to the court ) Nice decor . mercy ( smile ) a perk for the minion . lex believe a entertained workforce be a productive workforce . wayne Nice policy . mercy effective policy . she lead Wayne towards the glass elevator bank . they step inside and mercy press the top floor . the Elevator lift off . as the lift climb Wayne observe each floor . many of the floor be fill with rows and rows of computer monitor each manned by a youthful tech genius . wayne I remember when lexcorp be a warehouse by the bay. 60 . mercy lex 's goal have always be meeting one potential . he believe lexcorp be a example to which everyone can strive to . the Elevator come to a halt and the door slide open and Wayne step into the spacious 125th floor penthouse . the room be huge and round border by window which offer a panoramic view of metropolis . a balcony jutt out of the side of the penthouse . Wayne step inside and the door close behind he . sitting cross legged on he desk in front of a array of computer screen be the richest man on the planet , alexander " lex ' luthor , 30 , the c.e.0 of lexcorp . he be one part tech genius , one part ruthless business man and two part metropolis STREET tough . his shaggy mane of hair hang below he eye and a detailed sleeve tattoo of the metropolis skyline creep up he right arm . his eye say it all . behind they burn the fire of unparallelled genius . a powerful intellect enable he to accomplish anything he bend he will toward . within the boundary of he mind he be godlike . Wayne observe the image that captivate the youthful billionaire ... the man of steel . luthor look at it . so sleek . so powerful . wayne he 's a impressive specimen . luthor ' it ' Wayne ( shift around to face he ) it 's a alien . and a trespasser and it do not belong on this planet . perhaps you share my view ? wayne superman be not the reason for my be in metropolis . luthor you reason be metropolis itself . wayne I can not help but take a interest in the city 's tragic circumstance . 61 . luthor ( half smile ) and profitable circumstance . wayne neither of we would have get to where we be if we do not look at the bottom line . luthor I get to where I be through hard work and innovation . you by accident of birth . I assure you we view we bottom line very differently . he hop of he desk and walk past Wayne to a bar near the elevator . in comparison luthor be much smaller that the powerfully built gothamite . yet he confidence more than match Wayne 's stature . luthor reach into the fridge and remove and ENERGY drink . luthor ( con 't ) ( crack open the can ) I would offer you a drink but I do not have any gingerale . wayne we both want the same thing lex . to help metropolis . we past difference should not get in the way of that . luthor ( take a gulp ) past difference ? as I recall you call I a amoral , arrogant brat . wayne yes on the very same day you launch you first satellite . luthor smile . wayne ( con 't ) and a cyber attack crippled mine . luthor ( smirk and lean back against the bar ) coincidence Wayne . the world be full of it . wayne apparently so . take we quite a while to get it operational again . 62. luthor I like that satellite . it be quaint . whatever happen to it ? wayne a alien in a black onesie kick it out of the sky . luthor ( amused ) ouch . wayne I be here to help . the rebuild of metropolis be my main priority . pool we resource would better serve it 's citizen . I be willing to let bygone be bygone . if you be ? luthor a alien spacecraft blast a hole in the city where I be bear . I be not about to let a few limp insult from a trust fund baby overshadow that . ( finish he drink and crush the can ) do you really think you would have get past the lobby if I be hold a grudge . wayne I be glad we can put it aside . I do not think either of we relish continue this war for contract . luthor ( dismissive ) Wayne enterprise be a powerful company but not enough to challenge I in my own backyard . I be lexcorp . lexcorp be metropolis . that contract be mine . but despite you company 's limitation there be thing I can use it for . it will allow I to focus on more important matter . Wayne look back at the monitor . wayne superman ? luthor ( irritate ) it 's not a man . it 's a alien . and by the time the world finally absorb that this ... ( more ) 63 . luthor ( cont would ) ( gesture out of the window towards the ruin section of metropolis ) . could happen again . Wayne look out on the ruined and in repair structure . his face reflect he concern for the City . wayne what would you suggest ? luthor when a dog bite a man we put it down . because we understand what it 's capable of . that thing be not one of we and do not deserve the understanding that the government be afford it . wayne you sound like you want to kill he ? luthor there come a time when even a god must die . wayne you have see what he ... ' it ' can do . all that power . all that strength . luthor it might be hard for someone like you bear with the silveriest of spoon to understand . I spend my childhood on the street . I join a gang . it 's survival . I do not have much of a choice . I learn there that there be always someone bigger , stronger but never smarter . by the time I be 15 that gang answer to I . strength be nothing Wayne . resolve be everything . wayne then why not use that resolve to find a peaceful solution . luthor there be no peaceful solution with a trespasser . wayne how about one that do not involve you go toe to toe with a god . 64 . luthor ( amused ) toe to toe ? I do not go toe to toe with anybody . you do not become the general by charge the frontline with the rest of the troops . wayne too smart for that ? luthor raise and eyebrow and smile . wayne I be glad you reconsider and alliance . luthor I be not usually one to second guess myself but you do not become a billionaire at 18 by ignore the bigger picture . ( walk past Wayne and return to he position on the desk ) I will have mercy send some contract over . I be sure we can find something for you to do . however minimal . wayne I look forward to it . I will be at my metropolis office . luthor do not reply . he just stare at the Computer screen and the blue and red clad source of he vendetta . Wayne turn and walk toward the Elevator . luthor 6'2 " . 225lb Wayne step into the Elevator . wayne you get I exactly . luthor ( smile ) I be talk about the batman . Wayne pause as the Elevator door slide shut . luthor smile . assure in he superiority . ext . sky above metropolis -- day superman , in he new suit now with flowing red cape and hope symbol on it 's chest , hover serenely among the cloud with he eye close as he listen to the sound of the City . 65 . voice ( 0.s ) ( uncertain ) I can not be certain ... ( polite ) two sugar please ... ( affectionate ) you be beautiful ... int . metropolis bank -- continuous frightened patron lie face down on the floor of the Bank while two masked and armed bank robber stand guard while third proceed to intimidate the bank manager by jamming a gun in he face . bank robber #3 ( hand two large rucksack to Bank manager ) money in the bag . 50 's and 100' ( shout ) now ! bank manager ( calmly ) ok . just stay calm . we will do anything you want . the Bank manager hand the rucksack to a young female bank teller who proceed to comply with the Bank robber 's demand . bank robber #2 ( to Bank robber # 3 ) hurry it up ! bank robber #3 ( turn he head away from the manager ) I be on it ! with the Bank robber momentarily distracted the Bank teller press the silent alarm . int . m.c.p.d patrol car ( parked ) -- continuous harper be at the wheel peeling a orange . gardner be sipping a coffee when a call come over the Radio . radio all car . all Cars . we have a 2113 at the first national Bank on Smith and byrne . gardner snatch the speaker . gardner ( into speaker ) this be car 59 . we be en route . 66 . harper put the orange down start the engine . gardner ( con 't ) ( excited ) finally ! int . metropolis bank -- continuous the Bank teller stuff the money into the rucksack while be hold at gunpoint by Bank robber # 3 bank robber #3 ( impatient ) hurry it up ! she move faster . int . m.c.p.d patrol car ( moving ) -- continuous harper and gardner patrol car have arrive at the scene . gardner ( smile ) we get they ! ext . STREET , metropolis bank -- continuous the getaway car be park across the STREET from the Bank . the getaway driver see the patrol car arrive and watch as harper and gardner jump out . a s.w.a.t Van pull up behind they and and the s.w.a.t team pour out of the Van and take position . he frantically pick up he walkie talkie . getaway driver shit ! ( frantic , into walkie talkie ) somebody hit the goddamn alarm ! int . metropolis bank -- continuous Bank robber # 1 listen to the getaway Driver on he walkie talkie . bank robber # 1 _ ( angry ) dammit ! they hit the alarm ! Bank robber # 3 out of frustraion turn and strike the Bank manager across the back of he head with he gun . he then turn he attention to the terrified Bank teller . bank robber #3 get up bitch ! 67 . she stand and he push she roughly towards the patron . bank robber # 2 ( freaking out ) what the hell be we go to do ? bank robber#3 shut up ! we be go out the front as plan . ( gesture to the patron ) grab some cover . Bank robber#1 grab a teenage girl from the floor . her boyfriend get up and rush the Bank robber . boyfriend ( yell ) get you hand off of she ! the three Bank robber 's proceed to beat he down . the patron scream . Bank robber#2 fire into the ceiling . bank robber # 2 ( shout ) shut up ! ext . sky above metropolis -- continuous superman 's eye SNAP OPEN and he rocket toward the City . int . metropolis bank -- continuous Bank robber#3 grab Bank robber # 2 's arm . bank robber#3 quit it you idiot ! ext . STREET , metropolis bank -- continuous gardner look around impatiently . gardner ( impatient ) why be we just stand here ? harper it 's call protocol guy . gardner it 's call sit on we as ... gardner be CUT off as a red and blue blur speed past and through the Bank entrance . 68 . int . metropolis bank -- continuous Bank robber #3 be swept off he feet and slammed into the wall and to the floor . Bank robber#2 drop to the floor and scurry toward the exit . Bank robber # 1 find himself face to face with the man of steel and open FIRE but the pulverize bullet bounce harmlessly off superman 's chest and he crush the gun in one hand . ext . STREET , metropolis bank -- continuous Bank robber#2 crawl out of the Bank and towards the cop . superman hover out of the entrance hold the other Bank robber 's by the back of they jacket . harper ( impressed ) would you look at that . gardner scowls . superman land and place the robber 's on the ground . superman they be all yours . harper nod to superman as he cuff and arrest the Bank robber . the patron 's slowly exit the Bank and look in awe at they savior . harper 's orange hit superman on the back of the head . he turn to see gardner , look pissed . superman ( polite ) be there a problem officer ? gardner ( angry ) yeah . I do not see a badge . you can not just turn up and do we job when you feel like it . superman just try to help . ( superman point across the street at the getaway car ) you might want to question that man over there . I think he might have something to do with the robbery . 69 . gardner look around see the getaway Driver who 's eye bug out when he be discover . the getaway car flee the scene . gardner goddammit ! gardner and harper jump into they patrol car and give chase . superman watch and smile then take off . the cop , Bank robber and patron watch as he fly away . int . penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- day luthor sit on he desk and downs a energy drink . he have be watch the Bank robbery on he computer monitor . mercy step out of the Elevator . mercy the contract have be send to Wayne enterprise . luthor that should make the trust fund baby happy . mercy what about the break in at the research center ? luthor ( uninterested ) what about it ? mercy I think it deserve some attention . luthor shift around on he desk to face he assistant . luthor it 's of no concern . we have what we need and we be on schedule . mercy there be security concern at the complex . very serious concern . somebody sell we out to the themyscirian . luthor ( matter of fact ) it be Morgan . 70 . mercy ( shocked ) you know . luthor Morgan have a mercenary nature . he see a opportunity and exploit it . mercy and what 's to be do . he hop off he desk and walk over to the window and look out over he CITY . luthor we exploit a opportunity . contact cain . she nod . mercy there be the matter of the conference . have you reconsider attend ? luthor why waste my time . I already know how all of this will play out . mercy I will take care of the other matter . she leave . luthor return to he seat and activate the monitor which display several different angle of a large gathering of people . ext . centennial park , metropolis -- day several military helicopter fly over metropolis 's large park , centennial park . the Park have be cordoned off to the public . over a thousand military personnel , army and marine , guard the Park . in the Middle of the Park a stage and a podium have be erected . hundred of seat surround the podium in rows . around the seat be yet another perimeter guard by marine . tank circle the perimeter . fighter jets make sweep over head . ext . MAIN entrance , centennial park -- continuous the MAIN entrance be guard by dozen of armed marine . 71 . several world leader and UNITED nation official enter the park . behind railing hundred of reporter and paparazzi take picture as the dignitaries arrive . Bruce Wayne 's limo pull up . he exit and enter the Park to a chorus of : Mr Wayne ! Mr Wayne ! as the media spot he . ext . STREET , centennial park -- continuous lois , follow by Jimmy , walk towards a entrance to the Park which be guard by two marine . Jimmy be fiddling with he camera . lois ( irritate ) get you ass in gear Olsen ! jimmy sorry I be just get so many good shot . lois I think you want to see superman ? jimmy he 's here already ? lois he 's about to be . lois walk toward the entrance but be stop by a marine . lois flash she credentials marine#1 Centennial Park be off limit to press . lois I be lois Lane . as a liaison with superman I have express permission to be here by the U.S government . the Marine turn to he fellow soldier who get on the radio to get confirmation on lois ' claim . marine#2 she check out let she through . she move past the Marines . Jimmy follow . jimmy ( awkwardly ) I be with superman too . 72 . lois ( 0.s ) ( irritate ) come on Olsen ! he rush past . int . sectioned off area , centennial park -- continuous Wayne walk through a security check into a sectioned off area of the Park . he cordially smile as the assorted world leader present . man ( 0.s ) ( booming ) Bruce Wayne ! Bruce turn to se general candy , the highest ranking U.S army figure present . he stand with swanwick , silas and Stewart . wayne General . candy you have meet General swanwick and Professor Stone before right ?. swanwick Mr. Wayne . he and Wayne shake hand . silas Mr. Wayne good to see you again . wayne Professor . they shake hand . candy slap Stewart on the shoulder . candy and this be John Stewart . the toughest s.0. B to ever come out of the Corps . use to be my right hand man before he go to work for the egghead . stewart ( to Wayne ) sir. candy so what 's you interest in Big Blue Wayne ? 73. wayne the same as everyone else . I want to hear what he have to say . candy ( dismissive ) unless it 's the oath of allegiance I be not interested . wayne I think there 's more at stake here than patriotism General . this be to determine if the superman be a ally to the world not just american interest . candy look around you Wayne . everybody here want to know who the alien call boss . let 's just hope its uncle Sam . stewart well it 's certainly not mother Russia . candy ( laugh ) I have to give it to he , he know how to piss the commy off . stewart look at the face here it seem he know how to piss the whole planet off . wayne ( to Stewart ) and what you take ? stewart same as you . I be go to wait and see . candy ( laugh ) John here have mellow out some but trust I if Big Blue start any more trouble this here 's the last guy he would want to mess with . wayne good to know . candy Mr. Wayne here be not a fan of we military type . his company will not build we any fancy gadget . 74 . wayne my company do not build weapon . I do not see war as good business . candy well lucky for we and we boy on the front lexcorp do . amanda waller walk past flanke by two armed bodyguard . wayne who 's that ? swanwick amanda waller . candy she use to be the warden of Belle reve before she become Senator . she 's a mean piece of work . they do not call she the ' wall ' for nothing . the gathering start to converge towards the assembly area . stewart look like this party 's about to start . Wayne and the other follow the crowd as they flow towards the Assembly Area . int . assembly area , centennial park -- continuous the world leader and the assort military official have take they seat . the secretary general of the UNITED nation take the podium . secretary general this be a solemn occasion . a year ago today this city and we entire civilization experience a event unprecedented in we collective history . we world change . we be now at a precipice . a turn point that will determine the future of we planet . and we would this word I give you ( gesture towards the sky ) kal el. a hush go over the crowd . superman float above they and land on the stage . marine raise they weapon and the tank train they cannon on the kryptonian . 75 . superman take the podium and look out over the Assembly . lois watch he with concern . Jimmy snap picture . superman ( take a breath ) my name be kal El . I stand in front of you today as a gesture of peace . I know that my presence here have change how the human race perceive itself . as a child I be send here from my world krypton but Earth have always be my home . it be where I be raise . everything I know , everything I be come from here . I be one of you . a diplomat yell from the audience . President a russian diplomat ( o.s ) ( shout ) you be not one of we ! superman I understand you fear . but I be not you enemy . Nelson stand up . president nelson and what be we assurance ? superman all I can give you be my word . president nelson that just be not enough . if we be to trust you then we must know you . superman I believe all the world need to know be that I be here to help . to protect . I offer myself to humanity freely and without condition . diplomat stand . russian diplomat ( angry ) . _ you attack Russian military . superman they be fire on innocent civilian . Russian civilian . russian diplomat ( shout ) lies ! that be a act of war . 76 . the conference erupt . the President hold up a file . president nelson this file contain a list . in the past year you have be involved in several international incident . Russia , great Britain , China . the list go on and on . you consistently interfere with world affair with no regard to the consequence or legal ramification of you action . superman I help where I can . I be here to save life . I can not afford to stop and consider what politician will be inconvenience by my action . president nelson and as noble as you motive may or may not be . you can not expect we as a species to simply sit back and allow you to dictate the course of we history without we consent . where be you authority ? superman honestly I have none . I be not here to be a dictator . I be here to serve the people of this planet in any way I can . president nelson and therein lie the problem . who do you really serve ? at the end of the day kal El you answer to no one but yourself and that be a frightening concept . Stewart , who sit between silas and swanwick , lean toward the Professor . stewart I gotta give it to the lady . she be not scared of no one . man or alien . silas nod . the President hold up a second document . president nelson I hold in my hand a United Nations Bill . sign and ratify by every member state that demand you ( more ) 77 . president nelson ( cont would ) surrender yourself to it 's authority . if you be truly here to serve then serve the people of Earth by abide by it 's law and institution . superman that be something I cannot do . president nelson can not or will not . superman I be here to serve all humanity regardless of they allegiance . what you be ask my to do be take order and eventually take side . president nelson then I do not see how we can allow you to enforce you will on we way of life , regardless of you intention . you be not leave we much in the way of option . the british prime minister stand . british prime minister you must agree to the u.n Bill . the Conference erupt with cheer of support for the bill . superman but I will not be a prisoner or a pawn for government interest and that at the end of the day be what the Bill mean . it 's submission to a authority that I cannot recognize because it prevent I from serve all the people of the world . I will pledge myself to humanity but not to it 's leader . I be sorry Mrs President . the Conference yell and murmer . Wayne sit in silence ponder this turn of event . waller smile to herself . swanwick this be all waller need . stewart what do you mean ? 78 . swanwick superman have just thumbed he nose at every bureaucrat and politician on the planet . the President will sign off on cadmus . this be exactly what she want . the Conference have go critical . lois shake she head in disgust at the reaction of the assembly . superman please understand . I do this for the good of the world . not despite it . I be sorry . he lift off and take to the sky . the sound of a sonic boom echos through the Park as he leave . waller you will be . int . ace o' club bar , hob be BAY , metropolis -- night bibbo bibbowski , a unshaved bear of a man , tend bar in the dingy hob 's Bay bar . there be a few customer , mostly drunk . through the entrance walk mercy , carry with she a briefcase . she walk past the bar towards a booth ina darken corner of the room . sitting in the Booth be david cane , 50' , one of the World 's deadliest assassins . mercy I would have prefer if you have pick a more discreet location . cain plain sight have always be my favorite form of discretion . ( gesture for she to sit down ) have a seat . mercy sit in the Booth opposite the assassin . she put the briefcase on the table . mercy so I be assume you have agree to we proposal or why else would I be here Mr. cain . cain once you have agree to my price . 79 . mercy it 's reasonable . it will be half now and half on completion . she slide the briefcase over to he . cain and this be ? mercy one of the provision of the agreement . cain open the briefcase . he smile at the content . mercy ( con 't ) consider it a gift . good faith gesture but the client insist you use it . if you do not we will know and the agreement will be void . cain Fair enough . mercy nod and stand . cain ( con 't ) it 's very public . you send a message ? mercy in a manner of speak . she leave . int . cloning facility , project cadmus -- night federov sit at a Computer Terminal read over endless data and computer code . luthor ( 0.s ) Burning the midnight 011 ? federov jump out he seat , startled . luthor step out from behind the ultimate 's incubation chamber and smile . federov ( worried ) luthor ! what be you do here ? luthor press the control to open the chamber and look at the sleep ultimate . luthor just check up on my investment . 80 . federov if anyone find you in here ... luthor they will forget they see I or end up be forget . there 's something I need from you . federov I can not . not again . luthor get close to the cowering scientist . luthor you can and you will . ( gesture to the ultimate ) you have already do what I need you to do . what else can not you do ? federov ( plead ) please . luthor walk past federov to the Computer Terminal and casually attaches a flashdrive to the harddrive . luthor there be a incident at the research center . a attack . some of the material be take . federov the subject ? luthor it 's insignificant . but I want to make sure there be no setback on this end . federov watch the code flashing across the Computer screen . federov that 's the ultimate program data . if waller find out . luthor I do not see how she will . ( remove the flashdrive and put it in he pocket ) and if she do I will make sure you will be back in the shack in Chechnya where I find you . federov lower he head as luthor pass and pat he on the back . 81 . luthor ( con 't ) keep up the good work . it 's what you live for . as he walk he receive a call on he cellphone . luthor ( con 't ) ( into phone ) success ? int . limo ( moving ) -- continuous mercy sit in the back of the limo on she cell . mercy be there ever any doubt ? luthor ( 0.s ) not at all . I will see you at the party . she hang up . int . diana' loft , themyscirian embassy -- night diana stand poised . she hold she shield tight against she chest and she sword point in front of she . her eye be close . suddenly she explode into a spectacular combat routine . she swing she sword with expert grace and fluidity . she be frightening and beautiful to behold . her speed be supernatural . she be a blur of flesh and steel move in perfect sync . she finish and drop to one knee she sword and Shield by she side . she open she eye . in front of she arrange like a alter be she armor ( chestpiece which be molded into a eagle , silver gauntlet , and a helmet shape like the spartan warrior visor with a red STAR emblazon upon its brow ) she rest she forehead on the hilt of she sword and prays to she goddess . io enter . 10 you highness . the arrangement have be make . diana stand and place she Shield with she armor . diana good . let I meet this little King . 82 . ext . STREET , the spire -- night it be the grand open of lex luthor 's skyscraper , the spire . at 150 stories it be the tallest structure in metropolis . limo be and sport car pull up outside . celebrity and dignitaries walk the red carpet into the skyscraper . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous the spire 's ball room be host to the world' elite . the revellers party and mingle amid the table which be stock with delicacie and dish from all over the world . Clark and lois walk through the plush party . lois you look uncomfortable . clark it 's the suit . it 's a little tight around the neck . lois give it here . lois adjust he collar . lois ( con 't ) better ? clark I like my other one better . lois well you can not wear that here . half the people here be from country that want you arrest . Clark smile . martha appear behind they in a beautiful dress and with a glass of champagne . martha ( excited ) I just see Bruce springsteen . he 's get more grey hair than I . ( she pinch Clark 's cheek ) look at you in a suit . clark be you drunk ? 83. martha ( shake the glass ) on this stuff . not hardly . they get any of the good stuff ? Louis point to the other side of the room . lois I see a bar over that way . what do you say we prop it up ? clark lois ! ( exasperate ) ois ! lois Babe . I be at a party throw by a man I loath . if you think I be not go to have a few shot you be mistaken . clark ( relent ) Fine . just do not let Mom get waste . martha ( indignant ) aw do not yourself . martha grab lois ' arm and lead she towards the bar. martha ( to lois ) he bring he suit do not he . lois it 's in the car . he want to wear it under he clothes . martha laugh out loud startling some guest . perry ( 0.s ) ( call ) lois . lois see perry and Jimmy among the attendee . lois ( to martha ) I will catch up . martha head to the bar while lois join perry and Jimmy . perry I do not expect you to turn up . 84 . lois Far be it from I to let old grudge color my professionalism . perry ( sarcasm ) I will bet. ( firmly ) do not make a scene . lois honestly I be here for the drink . if you will excuse I . lois leave to join martha at the bar . jimmy ( to perry ) you think she 's tell the truth . perry of course not . Bruce Wayne walk through the room follow by Alfred . a waiter offer he some champagne . he decline . alfred should I see if they have gingerale master Bruce . wayne please . Alfred leave to get the gingerale . Wayne continue to walk through the party until he spy a woman in a stunning red dress stand look out of the window at the CITY light . he approach she . wayne I can tell you do not grow up ina city . diana turn to face Wayne . diana not like this . how could you tell ? wayne City people be rarely so take with the light . ( reach out he hand ) Bruce Wayne . diana shake he hand . 85 . diana diana . wayne a pleasure to meet you . diana likewise Mr Wayne . wayne please Bruce . I can not place you accent . diana I come from themyscira . wayne I have hear it 's beautiful . I have never be . diana my country do not interest man like you . we be not Monaco . we have no casinos . wayne ( jokingly ) I could have some build for you . diana I be sure . wayne what bring you to metropolis ? diana I be look for someone . wayne lucky someone . perhaps I can help you find they . the attendee of the party turn they attention to the Ball room 's entrance . luthor have arrive dress in a sleek black suit with mercy on he arm . he walk to the center of the room and the crowd gather around he . diana ( polite ) I will not be need you help , thank you . Excuse I Mr. Wayne . wayne Bruce . 86 . she walk past Wayne towards the crowd . as she do Jimmy smile at she . jimmy ( confident ) hey there . she ignore he and walk past he . jimmy ( con 't ) ( reject ) bye there . martha , visibly tipsy , appear and link arm with he . martha I think you be punch a little above you weight . Jimmy nod as she lead he toward the crowd . luthor take the floor . he tap a spoon against a wine glass to get everyone attention . luthor lady and gentleman let I thank you for come . the crowd erupt in applause . Clark push he way awkwardly past people . he stop when he see diana . she see he too and both lock eye . recognize each other hidden power . luthor ( con 't ) and I like to welcome you to the spire . she be start less than a year ago today . I build it to honor the city and the strength of its people . she will stand as a beacon . shine even brighter than the star that be my home , metropolis . to light the way for mankind . as a tribute to we potential . a example of the greatness we be capable of achieve . a symbol we can touch . that represent the dream within we all . of the height humanity can aspire to and the depth of human sacrifice to be . the people of this city raise the spire and it be they who I ho nor here tonight . I believe in humanity . I believe in we . he raise he glass to thunderous applause . 87 . luthor , with mercy , move through the crowd . lois ( 0.s ) very inspiring . luthor turn to see lois and martha by the bar . mercy step in front of she boss , defensively . luthor ( to mercy ) it 's fine . ( to lois ) it 's a nice surprise to see you here . lois would not miss it . it be quite a speech . luthor thank you Ms. Lane . you be not the only one who 's good with word . lois except I do not write fiction . luthor you write slander . lois perry White maybe bound by some misplace hob 's Bay code of honor . but I be not . you may live far above the law but all that mean be you have further to fall . luthor smile at lois ' veile threat . luthor the only thing I be above Ms. Lane be indulge in fantasy . enjoy the party . luthor leave . mercy glower at lois before follow he . martha slimy little punk . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous cain , dress in a oil black suit , open up the briefcase . Inside the case be the part of a powerful high - tech sniper rifle . he assemble the weapon . 88 . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous diana approach Clark . diana you be not like this people . clark ( intrigue ) neither be you . who be you ? diana a warrior . like you . clark I be not a warrior . diana begin to circle he . diana you have the power of a one . yet you conceal it but I see you for what you be . you be the one he want to kill . clark who ? diana they little King . he hate you . she glance as luthor . clark ( confuse ) lex luthor ? lois and martha walk up behind Clark . lois who 's you friend ? clark ( to diana ) I do not get you name . diana diana . lois hi. mind if I steal Clark away ? lois grip Clark 's forearm and lead he away . martha ( to diana ) you be sniff around the wrong rooster stretch . you be a big one ( more ) 89 . martha ( cont would ) but that girl there be pretty scrappy . ( genuine ) Nice dress . diana smile at martha . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous cain take aim at the Ball room . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous lois have pull Clark to a corner of the Hall . lois ( playful ) so who be that ? clark she 's different . there 's something about she . lois and what 's that suppose to mean ? clark it 's not like that she 's different from everybody . lois ( surprised ) like you ? clark no . she 's something else . luthor lean against a table and swipe he finger across the screen of he cellphone . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous cain 's rifle begin to emit a high frequency SOUND that be inaudible to human hearing . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous Clark wince in pain . his head begins to pound as he hear a ringing in he ear . lois ( concerned ) Clark ! what 's wrong ? clark ( in pain ) I do not know ! something ! 90 . he look out of the window and use he super vision to see out of the window and across to the highrise . he see cain with he rife aimed . clark take cover ! lois what 's happen ? Clark do not answer . he rush out of the party bumping into guest as he do . diana be stalking luthor through the party . luthor walk up to Edge who be flirting with two model and place be hand on he shoulder . edge ( grin widely ) lex . some party man . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous cain take aim . scope view : the cross hair be aimed at the back of luthor 's head . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous luthor look Edge right in the eye . Edge be visibly uncomfortable . luthor it be easier to forgive a enemy than to forgive a friend . ( smile ) William blake . Edge realize he have be find out and nod he head sheepishly . luthor give he a friendly PAT on the cheek and turn he head slightly . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous scope view : luthor have move out of the way and now the cross hair be on Edge . cain pull the trigger . int . ball room , the spire -- continuous diana step toward luthor . suddenly the window shatter and cain 's bullet find it 's MARK . g 1. Morgan Edge fall to the floor with a single bullet hole in he forehead . the guest scream and the party turn to chaos . luthor 's body guard snatch he up and rush he out of the hall . martha be knocked to the floor by a fleeing guest . louis ( shout ) martha . Wayne rush to she aid and help she up from the floor . martha ( to Wayne ) thanks handsome . wayne ( to lois ) get she out of here . lois and Jimmy escort martha out . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous cain be ready to make he escape when boom ! superman crash through the wall . he snatch the rifle which be still emitting the high pitch noise . he crush it . superman shake off the effect of the sound and set he sight on cain . cain take a step back and pull two high powered handggun . he fire at the kryptonian but the bullet bounce off he chest . superman lunge forward with he super speed and grab cain by the throat . a hidden camera be place in the corner of the room . it record the scene . int . luthor' office , the spire -- continuous luthor watch the scene on he cellphone . he swipe he finger across the screen and a screen appear with the word " detonate ' on it . he presses it . int . empty room , highrise -- continuous superman use he x-ray vision to see that explosive be concealed in the wall of the room . they begins to glow red and burn . 92 . cain see this . cain ( to himself ) Son of a bitch . the explosive detonate . ext . STREET , the spire -- night everybody be evacuating the spire through the main entrance include Wayne and Alfred when the top floors of the highrise explode in a ball of red flame . huge chunks of debris fall from the sky down onto the street and bystander . one such chunk fall directly in the path of a oncoming bus . the driver swerve as it smashes the windscreen and careen toward the evacuate guest . wayne ( shout ) everybody move ! people run and jump out of the way of the Bus which crash through the entrance to the spire destroy the glass exterior of the build before come to a violent halt . diana stand in front of the Bus holding it in place with she bare hand . the Driver look at she in SHOCK . Wayne look around to see if anyone be injure and to he SHOCK and horror he see Alfred lay on the ground . the butler have a deep gash in he forehead and he right arm be twisted and broken . Wayne rush to he side . lois , martha and Jimmy look up at the smoking remains of the highrise and see superman float there hold in he hand the charree remain of cain 's black suit . Wayne see the kryptonian and he eye be fill with anger . int . clark kenta studio -- continuous the studio be SMALL but cosy and fill with keepsake from superman 's travel . Clark sit in the dark with he head hang , guilty . in he hand he hold the charree piece of cain 's suit . the front door open and lois enter , close the door behind she quietly . 93 . she walk around and kneel in front of he . lois ( comforting ) tell I what happen . clark ( guilty ) I fail . lois it 's not you fault . clark ( emotional ) people be hurt because of I . they be right . I be a threat . lois caress he face and kiss he on the forehead . int . intensive care unit , metropolis hospital -- night Alfred lie sedate on a hospital bed . his head wrapped in bandage and he arm in a cast . Wayne stand by he butler 's side , look grim . he put he hand on Alfred 's forehead for a moment before leave . int . hallway , metropolis hospital -- night Wayne step out into the hallway where leslie thompson , 60' , hug he tight . wayne thanks for come . leslie will he be okay ? wayne he will be . they will keep he in for observation . I would like for you to take he back to gotham when he 's ready . grayson of course . wayne thank you . grayson what about you ? Wayne walk away down the hallway . 94 . wayne there 's something I have to do . int . basement armory , wayne enterprise metropolis -- day Bruce Wayne thinker with a device on a workbench in the secret armory beneath the Wayne enterprise metropolis Offices . the armory be a smaller batcave . large monitor hang. on the wall along with various high tech gadget . different vehicle be cover in tarp . he raise the device and it be reveal he be wear a reinforced metal gauntlet . he flext the finger and they whine electronically . luthor ( 0.s ) impressive tech but it will not get the job do by itself . Bruce whip around to see luthor step out of the shadow , smiling . wayne ( surprised ) how do you get past my security ? luthor wave he cellphone . luthor ( smile ) I use my phone . I would offer to upgrade you system but I doubt you would get it . Old dog , new trick . Wayne turn he back on luthor and return to fine tuning he gauntlet . wayne you can take you new trick and leave luthor . luthor you will need some of my new trick if you plan to go up against it . that be what you plan to do ? luthor see a metal cowl on the workbench . luthor ( con 't ) or be batman go to do the honors ? wayne ( unperturb ) so you know who I be . you be not the first . 95 . luthor I do not care what you do with you night . wayne then why be you here ? luthor I be sorry about you butler . wayne he 's recover . luthor I be glad to hear . ( beat ) you can not take it down by yourself . wayne we will see . luthor you speak of a alliance Bruce . I be here to help . wayne there 's nothing you have that I need . luthor reach into he jacket and remove a SMALL metal cylinder . house in the middle of the cylinder be a glass vial contain a luminescent GREEN substance . luthor I have this . Wayne remove the gauntlet and lay it down on the workbench and turn towards luthor . he eye the cylinder suspiciously . wayne and that be ? luthor a new trick . ( he hand the cylinder to Wayne ) it 's synthesize from a substance we uncover from the indian Ocean after they try to terraform we planet . we believe its radioactive to they . Wayne eye the GREEN liquid . wayne I be not a assassin . 96 . luthor it will not kill it . but it will know what it 's like to bleed . Wayne look luthor in the eye . wayne ( suspicious ) what 's you stake in this luthor ? luthor swipe he finger across the screen of he cellphone . the monitor screen on the armory 's wall flicker to life . display on the screen be a series of photo of a pretty young redhead at various stage of she life ... college graduation ... partying with friend ... kissing her boyfriend . luthor her name be lena . she be a pr executive for one of lexcorp 's smaller division . the building she work in be vaporize when the alien 's attack . ( beat ) they never find she body . ( swipe he finger across the phone and the monitor go black ) my sister be just one of thousand Wayne . how many more ? luthor turn to leave . Wayne contemplate the cylinder in he hand . wayne you know where to find he ? luthor keep walk . luthor it , Wayne . it 's never to far from Lane . luthor leave . Wayne place the cylinder on the workbench and pick up the metal cowl and carry it toward two huge door which slide OPEN revealing a dark room . he enter . int . bullpen , DAILY planet office lexcorp plaza -- day the staff , include lois and Jimmy , be all gather around a tv screen watch a news report . 97 . newscaster metropolis be shocked last night by the assassination of Morgan Edge . a photo of edge appear on the screen . a picture newscaster ( con 't ) Edge who be head of Public Relations at lexcorp and a original member of luthor 's team be execute at last night grand open of luthor 's spire . of David cain appear . newscaster ( con 't ) the assassin have be identify as David cain . the report cut to video of a japanese woman who be be escort by armed f.b.i agent . newscaster ( con 't ) this morning f.b.i Agents arrest kord industry c.e.0 kimiyo hoshi after seize bank account that allegedly show transaction between she and the assassin . kord industry have be a rival to lexcorp for several year . superman 's symbol appear . newscaster ( con 't ) cain be himself kill by the be know as superman . neither lexcorp nor kord industry could be reach for comment . lois turn away from the broadcast . lois ( irritate ) superman do not kill anybody . he be set up . jimmy the whole world be say he do . and with injury and property damage they be go after he big time . lois this have luthor 's stink all over it . I be go home . take care olsen. 98 . jimmy g'night lois . she leave . int . live room , lois lane's apartment -- later lois enter she apartment and close the door . she click the light switch . nothing happen . lois ( irritate ) dammit . she use the light of she cellphone screen and walk toward the Kitchen and open a drawer to find a light bulb . batman ( 0.s ) where be he ? lois almost jump out of her skin and turn to see batman 's silhouette against the live room window . lois oh my god . she run for the door . a batara stick into the wall in front of she and she stop in she track . when she turn around batman be stand right in front of she . batman I be not go to hurt you . lois what do you want from I ? batman I want you to give he a message . 85th and shuster . tonight . he pull the batara from the wall and leave . int . clark kenta studio -- continuous Clark 's cellphone vibrate on he coffee table . he snatch it up . clark lois ? ext . 85 th and shuster -- night superman land on the street between the rows and rows of under construction building . 99 . batman ( 0.s ) kal ! superman turn to see batman down the street behind he . batman wear a suit of protective armor . his glove be hydraulic gauntlet . his cowl be now a reinforced metal helmet and he eye be hide behind snow white lense . his cape flow in the wind . he step forward , he heavy boot thudding against the street . superman levitate off the ground and slowly drift toward batman . he come to a halt and the man of steel and the Dark knight stare each other down . superman ( angry ) ; if you have something to say , say it now ... ( scan batman with he X - Ray vision ) Bruce Wayne . batman ( undaunted ) you be dangerous kal . superman they say the same about you . batman all you be be power and no control . superman and all you be be a scared man in a mask who threaten woman . superman ( smile slightly ) I do not threaten kal . you have two choice . agree to the u.n proposal . superman and be a prisoner ? batman it 's better than the alternative . superman which be ? batman you threat end permanently 100 . superman stare into the batman 's cold white eye . superman ( firmly ) go near lois Lane again and I promise you you will regret it . we be do here . superman turn to leave . batman grab he shoulder . superman ( con 't ) ( angry ) let go . batman can not you see ? the life that you be put in danger ? the life you have already cost ? superman I say ... ( eye glow ) let ... go ! he push batman 's chest plate and send the vigilante reeling backwards and slamming roughly into a parked cement truck . superman look back at batman , regretful of what he 's just do . batman ( whisper ) you bring this on yourself . he reach behind he cape and produce a silver grenade . he pull the pin and throws it . superman catch the grenade . boom ! -- it explode engulf he in a thick GREEN smoke . superman cough and splutter as the smoke fill he lung . the smoke clear and superman hear the sound of hydraulic joint moving and then -- bam ! batman land a crushing right cross directly across superman 's jaw . staggering he . superman stumble back try to steady himself . batman follow up with a crushing one two combo send superman further back and then down to one knee . blood trickle down he chin . batman stand above he . 101 . through superman 's eye : he vision be blurred . superman ( confuse ) what have you do to I ? batman ( smile ) evene the odd . superman grit he teeth and lift off . he spear tackle batman . he fly forward smashing he opponent backward through the wall of a under construction building and slam he to the ground . batman grip superman by the throat and squeezy try to CUT off the man of steel 's AIR supply . he dig he boot into the concrete floor and headbutt superman . superman punch batman in the chest and send he through a window and out into the street . batman roll over and as he do he pull another grenade and throws it back through the window . it explode bring the entire build down onto superman . the man of steel throw the debris off . batman attack again . he throw a punch which superman catch in he fist and retaliate with a counter punch which batman catch . both Men engage in a test of strength . batman ( con 't ) you be feel it now . what it 's like to be human . superman ( struggle ) why be you do this ? batman ( con 't ) because no one else can . superman , even in he diminished state gain the upper hand . superman and if you beat I ... SPARKS fly from batman 's arm joint as he armor begin to falter . 102 . superman ( con 't ) . who do they send after you ? superman 's eye glow red and he emit a blast of heat vision which impact batman 's chest plate cause it to melt . batman release he grip and be send hurtling backwards into another construction site and disappear from view . superman try to shake the fog from he vision . he wipe the blood from he chin . with some effort he take off . a high tensile cord wrap around superman 's ankle and he stall in mid AIR . beneath he batman , blood dripping from he own mouth , smoke rise from he armor have connected the other end of the wire to a bulldozer which be be dragge slowly across the ground . the Dark knight pull a powerful taser from he belt and electrocute the wire . superman yell out in pain as the wave of electricity course through he body . batman toss the taser aside , and coil the wire around he forearm and pull the weakened man of steel back to Earth . he slam violently into the ground . before he can stand batman be already upon he and wrap the Wire around superman 's neck and pull the cord tight . batman ( smile ) there be no one . superman gasp for AIR then judo throws batman over he shoulder slamming he into the ground and stomping on he chest and pinning he . he fly off take batman , whose arm be still wrapped in the wire , with he . ext . sky over ruined metropolis -- continuous superman fly high above the ruined section of metropolis carrying batman with he . batman skim across the roof of what leave of a skyscraper . he dig he feet into the roof tearing up concrete as he 's dragge towards the edge . he stop at the edge and with all he strength pull the cord stop superman . 103 . his suit joint whine as he swing superman down onto the roof . superman stand and move out of the way just in time to avoid a kick from batman . superman punch batman in the chest send he skidding backward toward the edge of the roof . superman ( weak ) that be two rib . ( cough ) do not make I do this . batman spit blood and then wipe he mouth before throwing a batara at superman . the man of steel catch the device which start to beep then explode . batman charge and tackle superman clear off the roof . both Men smash through and the wall of a adjacent demolished build and crash down through floor after floor . batman fire a grappling hook which catch as superman fall until he impact on the ground floor . he lie there , he breathe laboured and look up through the hole in the floors above he . he struggle to he foot and stagger out through the crumbing lobby of what used to be a office build . he stumble and fall to he knee and find himself face to face with a human skull . he recoil in horror . batman ( 0.s ) ( solemnly ) this be what happen when power go uncheck kal . batman be stand behind he . batman ( con 't ) you be a nuclear bomb and this be the fallout . superman take a labored breath and raise he fist . batman attack with a lightning fast combination of punch before terminate with a side kick which send superman backwards through a crumbling wall . superman crash out into the STREET . 104 . he get to he foot . he 's cough harder now . batman walk slowly out of the ruine Office Building . his armor 's damage joint sparking . he throw a powerful haymaker but superman be faster and block the attack and fight back . he land a powerful blow to batman 's gut dent he armor . the Dark knight spit out a gob of blood . superman attack again but batman block , parry and counter . superman be still stronger and faster but batman 's expert fighting ability nullify superman 's attack . he strike the man of steel in the throat . superman fall to one knee . batman ( con 't ) I will not kill you ... ( he strike superman in the chest ) but I want you to remember kal in all the year to come ... ( catch superman across the jaw ) in all you most private moment ( kick he knee and elbow he under the jaw ) that you be not a god ... superman be breathing heavily , totally spent . batman ( con 't ) that for all you power , for all you strength ... he grab superman by the throat and lean in close . he release he grip on superman 's throat and drop he to the ground . batman ( con 't ) I be the one who beat you . superman lie , beaten . batman ( con 't ) all this ... ( gesture to the ruin around they ) be because someone like you do not know control . 105 . batman turn he back on the fallen kryptonian and walk away . batman ( con 't ) I will not let it happen again . he stop when he hear movement and turn around . superman have gotten back to he feet and be stand defiantly . with he final ounce of strength he launch at batman spear tackling he back through a chunk of wall that be jutting from the ground and into a build . superman hold batman press against the wall and throws weak punch into batman 's rib . superman ( yell ) I try to save they ! I tried ! batman headbutt superman and send he to the ground . the Dark knight be seeing red now and grab superman by he symbol of hope . he begin to rain down punch much the same as he do with zsasz . batman ( in a frenzy ) you faile ! superman be totally do now and can no longer even defend himself . he start to go limp . superman ( whisper ) I be ... sorry ... batman you f... ( whisper ) . fail . batman stop , he breath be in short gasp , and look down on the beaten and bloodied superman . CUT to : int . destroyed warehouse -- flashback batman be cradling the dead body of jason todd dress in the ' robin ' armor . CUT to : 106 . int . ruined build , ruined metropolis -- continuous batman let 's go of superman , horrified by he action , and slump against the wall . he sit down across from superman . batman remove he dented metal cowl revealing he face which be bruise and swollen . both Men be silent for a moment . wayne you hold back . you could have kill I could not you ? superman do not answer just sit up against the wall across from Wayne . wayne ( con 't ) why do not you ? superman I figure I could reason with you Bruce . wayne you be not talk to Bruce Wayne . ( pick up he cowl and ponder it ) you can not reason with anger and regret . he toss the cowl aside . superman look around at the desolate surroundings , mournfully . superman I do not want this . I want to save they . all of they . I think I could . I never know I could fail so badly . Wayne be silent for a moment contemplate the beaten kryptonian in front of he . wayne you never do until it happen and when it do it break you . ( beat ) his name be Jason Todd . superman look into Wayne 's pain filled eye . wayne ( con 't ) he be like you , ( beat ) ... dangerous . I think I could help he , train he , make he ( more ) 107 . wayne ( con 't ) ( cont would ) better . instead I get he kill . ( voice crack ) he be like my son . he be my son and I fail he . superman what do you do with it ? with the guilt . wayne I lose myself to it . I forget who I be . I do not want to stop my enemy anymore all I want to do be hurt they . superman all I want to do be save they . both Men sit in silence finally understanding one another .. superman , still in pain , get to he foot . superman I be not you enemy Bruce . he reach out he hand to Wayne . Wayne take superman 's hand and get to he foot . superman and batman stand hand together . superman suddenly double over in pain . batman catch he before he fall . superman ( con 't ) silas Stone . get I to silas Stone . int . bedroom , second floor , silas stone's house -- night silas Stone wake and see batman stand above he . before he can scream batman cover he mouth with he hand . batman ( whisper ) do not scream . int . live room , silas stone's house -- continuous batman lead silas down the stair and through he live room towards the kitchen . Inside he click on the light . he gasp when he see a sick and semi - conscious superman . silas ( shocked ) oh my God ! 108. batman he need you help . silas what happen ? batman he 's be poison . silas rush to superman 's side and look into he eye which have take on a eerie GREEN color . silas poison ? who do this ? batman ( matter of fact ) I do . silas we need to get he to s.t.a.r lab . there 's nothing I can do for he here . suddenly Victor storm into the kitchen wielding a baseball bat . victor ( shout ) dad ! get back ! he swing wildly at batman who gracefully dodge the attack . superman stir and Victor swing at he . superman simply catch the bat .. silas ( shout ) Victor stop ! batman grip Victor 's forearm tight . batman listen to the man son . Victor 's eye meet batman 's gaze and he calm . batman take the shattered bat from he . silas they be friend . victor ( shocked ) batman ? batman nod . victor you be real ? 109 . silas try to lift superman . he struggle . silas Victor help get he to the car . Victor help batman get superman to he foot and help he walk out of the house . int . hamilton room . s.t.a.r lab -- night superman be unconscious and lie on a table while he body be scanned by silas who watch intently at the data on he computer screen . batman stand at he side , watch . Victor lean against the wall . he feel totally out of place . batman how be he ? silas he 's lucky . I have manage to isolate the compound in he blood stream . he 's severely weaken and he will need time to recover but he will live . batman good . silas turn around in he seat . silas you do this to he ? batman yes . I think he be a threat . I be wrong . silas this compound be unlike anything I have see . the effect it have on kryptonian physiology . how do you get come by it ? you do not strike I as a scientist . batman it be give to I . silas by who ? batman a manipulative narcissist . silas lex luthor . 110 . batman ( impressed ) you would make a good detective . silas I have just see the evidence and although I can not prove anything lex luthor have be the money behind several project that from what I have see all have one purpose . batman to kill the superman . silas what be you go to do ? batman expose he . silas easier say than do . lex luthor bury all evidence . there 's never be anything to connect he to the thing he 's do . batman I will dig . I will find something . I use to be a detective . once upon a time . he turn to leave and walk past Victor . batman ( con 't ) ( to Victor ) that 's some swing . I think you pick the wrong sport . Victor smile . silas what do you want I to tell he when he wake up ? batman stop . batman tell he I be sorry . he leave . ext . dirt road , metropolis outskirt -- morning it 's early morning and the Sun be rising above the metropolis skyline in the distance . Bruce Wayne 's limo be park on the side of a lonely dirt road . 111 . a white limo pull up on the adjacent side . mercy step out of the driver 's side and walk around to the rear door and open it . luthor step out . Wayne , still sport bruise , step out of he limo and both Men stare each other down for a moment from across they respective side . luthor you look better than I expect . wayne I do not appreciate be manipulate . luthor then you should not have make it so easy . who would have think tragedy would motivate you so . I need to test a weapon and the opportunity present itself . you do not use a sword without know its sharp . wayne I know you be behind Edge 's murder . luthor ( scratch he chin dismissively ) so you know my dirty little secret and I know yours . you know what that be ? wayne stalemate . luthor more accurately I win . wayne I be not about to let you walk away from this . luthor there 's nothing you can use against I . you can not connect I to anything . so do not waste you breath on empty threat . but I know everything about you Wayne . grayson , Gordon , what really happen to Jason Todd . at the mention of Jason Wayne clench he fist . wayne you can not threaten I luthor . 112 . luthor I be not threaten you Wayne . I be threaten every single person you care about . and there 's nothing you can do about it . luthor nod to mercy . who open the door for he . luthor ( con 't ) go back to rough up psychos in gotham . ( smile ) and hope no more kid die in the process . Wayne 's be angry but keep he composure . wayne you try to stab a god in the back luthor . luthor lean into the limo . wayne ( con 't ) ( smile ) and now he know who 's hand hold the knife . luthor pause and look over he shoulder slightly . luthor we be do here . luthor sit into the limo and mercy close the door . Wayne watch as the limo as it drive away . int . hamilton room , s.t.a.r lab -- night superman open he eye to see Victor sit beside he . superman ( confuse ) where be i? victor s.t.a.r lab . my father and batman bring you here . you be sick . superman how long be I out ? victor about 15 hour . superman sit up slowly . superman and silas ? 113. victor he will be back . superman touch he swollen jaw . superman I must look as bad as I feel . victor then you must feel pretty damn bad . do batman do that to you ? superman nod . victor ( con 't ) how ? he 's just a man ? silas enter the room . superman he cheat . silas how do you feel ? superman what do he do do I ? silas you be poison by a radioactive substance . kryptonian in origin . superman ( surprised ) kryptonian ? how ? silas lex luthor . he must have synthesize from a by product from the World engine 's terraforming . superman stand . superman I have to go . people will be worried . he walk towards the exit past silas . silas matter be much worse . superman stop . silas ( con 't ) ( regretful ) I should have tell you . 114 . superman told I what ? silas there be a Project call cadmus . they have find a way to replicate kryptonian DNA use you people 's technology . superman ( realization ) the Genesis chamber . silas they have create a weapon with one purpose . to kill you . and lex luthor be behind it all . what happen last night be only a test of you weakness . superman contemplate the information for a moment . superman thank you silas . for everything . superman continue toward the exit . victor he say he be sorry . superman stop by the exit and leans against it with one hand to stay steady . victor ( con 't ) the batman , he say he be sorry . superman respond to Victor 's word with a nod and leave . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- night luthor exit the Elevator and walk over to he bar where he remove and Energy drink for the fridge and crack it open . he smile . luthor I be wonder when you would pay I a visit . he turn . floating outside the window be superman . arm fold . he stare a hole through luthor . luthor swipe he thumb across he cellphone 's screen and the window 's slide OPEN . he walk out on the balcony to nemesis . 115 . superman you assassin fail . luthor tilt he head and observe superman 's wound . luthor ( smile ) I would not say fail . superman this have to end now luthor . luthor it end when you do . you bring a war to my city and it 's only right I bring it right back to you . superman you be a criminal and a murderer . luthor so be you . superman I will expose you . I will show the world what you really be . luthor all the while hide what you really be . you and Wayne be so alike . so righteous and so hypocritical . both threaten to reveal the truth about I but when it . come down to it he hide behind a mask and you behind a symbol . it 's pathetic . and you think you can come here and intimidate I ? you arrogant alien bastard . superman do not respond . luthor ( con 't ) and it 's that arrogance that make you weak . you float there with all you power but do you even know how you do it ? you be give this gift , you do not do anything to earn they and you use they like a child would use a gun . superman bold word for a man who prefer someone else 's finger on the trigger . luthor well we all can not shoot fire from we eye . ( more ) 116 . luthor ( cont would ) ( take a gulp from he drink ) I think you should float away now . luthor turn he back on superman . superman you will not win . luthor I already have . the problem with you be that you be so assure that nothing I can do can hurt you . yet you surround yourself with people I can hurt . ( he turn to face superman ) like lois Lane . superman 's face betray he emotion . the threat have make he angry . luthor ( con 't ) maybe I will treat myself and buy the Planet . Change thing around a little . by the time I be do lois Lane will by lick my boot heel just to cover a little league game . superman lunge and grab luthor by the throat . superman ( angry ) . if you go near lois Lane I will ... luthor ( strain ) you will what kill I ? go ahead . show the world what you really be . even then I will still win . superman ease he grip on luthor 's throat . he toss he back into the penthouse superman regains he composure . superman ( compose ) you say I hide behind a symbol . what really make you angry be that you can not see what lie behind the symbol . but I can see you for what you really be . luthor hold he throat and cough . 117 . superman ( con 't ) behind the money and the suit , behind lexcorp there be nothing but a terrify little street thug . frightened of what he can not understand . luthor ( angry ) I understand you perfectly . superman I be not talk about I . I be talk about a soul . in the end I be more human than you will ever be . superman turn and fly away . lex be livid . he stand and run out onto the balcony . luthor ( shouting , angry ) you have make you last mistake ! this City be mine ! it 's people be mine ! I be go to show they all you be nothing ! I be go to take everything from you ! ( whisper ) even you soul . int . bedroom , lois lane's apartment -- night lois be asleep on she bed . she awake to see superman at she window . she jump out of bed and hug he . lois where have you be ? ( see he wound , shocked ) oh my god what happen ? superman it 's okay . I be fine . lois you face ? superman will heal . I just need to rest . lois and the batman ? superman he will be just as sore as I be in the morning . ( more ) 118 . superman ( cont would ) ( fall on she bed ) I just need to rest . lois sit beside he and place she hand on he forehead as he fall asleep . int . penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- night luthor sit on he desk in the dark . image of superman flicker across the monitor . angry , he jump up and shatter one of the monitor . int . bathroom , penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- continuous luthor splashes water on he face and stare at he reflection in the mirror with a maniacal look in he eye . he grab and electric razor and begin to shave he head . int . penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- night mercy step out of the elevator and be shocked to see luthor shaven head and shirtless , revealing he tattooed body , sit on he desk . mercy ( concerned ) what 's wrong ? luthor ( calm ) nothing . I just do not feel like hide who I be anymore . mercy ( unsure ) be you ok ? luthor I be better than ok mercy . ( beat ) at dawn I kill a god . ext . barn , metropolis outskirt -- morning several black car pull up outside the inconspicuous barn . out of the Cars emerge several government and military official include swanwick , Stone , Stewart and General candy . candy ( to swanwick ) good to see you . 119 . swanwick you too Sir . candy ( gesture to silas and Stewart ) you must have pull a few string to get that two here ? swanwick they my advisor . candy Works for I . ( candy look around ) where 's waller ? waller ( 0.s ) here General . waller stand by the barn door . waller ( con 't ) glad you could make it General candy . if you would be so good as to follow I . candy ( to other ) you hear the lady . they all follow waller into the barn . where they find that the floor be solid concrete . waller welcome to cadmus . the floor begin to descend and they find themselves go down into the cadmus facility . int . auditorium , project cadmus -- later the official follow waller into a auditorium where federov wait . they stand behind a large thick glass window which separate they from a large room with concrete wall and two large reinforced steel door . silas reach out he hand to federov . silas Dr. federov . I have read you work . it 's quite a honor to finally meet you . federov awkwardly shake silas ' hand . 120 . federov thank you . waller you will have to excuse Dr. federov what he lack in social skill he make up for in genius . silas ( to waller ) I be sure . I be very interested in see the result of you project waller . candy as be I . waller I promise you General . what you see here today will make superman look like a one of you grunt . ( to Stewart ) no offense . stewart none take . federov nod to waller . waller if you will take you seat we shall begin . the official take they seat as federov operate he Tablet . the steel Doors OPEN and a large steel capsule be wheeled into the room by two technician . federov allow I to present the ultimate . federov activate the capsule . it open to reveal the ultimate . the creature 's body be concealed in a GREEN containment suit with two red eye . candy what be it ? federov it 's a be of my design . clone from cell derive from a alien specimen . 121. silas kryptonian DNA be complex . how do you bridge the gap between sequence . federov we use DNA from compatible specimen . silas human ? federov in a manner of speak . silas be intrigue by federov 's answer . candy what 's with the suit ? federov kryptonian ability be dependent upon absorption of solar energy . we have enhance that . candy which mean ? federov we have make it stronger . the suit regulate how much the ultimate absorb . candy stronger 's good . waller ( to federov ) I be sure General candy would appreciate a demonstration . federov nod . he operate the control and the ultimate step out of the capsule . it stomp over to the concrete wall . stewart you be control it ? federov the ultimate have be pre program to follow we command . waller totally obedient . completely under we control . 122. candy ( amused ) already better than the superman . waller you have not see anything yet . ( to federov ) sasha . federov command the ultimate . the creature punch through the concrete wall . waller that 's ten foot of solid concrete General . candy be impressed . int . penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- continuous luthor watch the ultimate 's demonstration on he Computer monitor . mercy stand behind he . int . auditorium , project cadmus -- continuous the ultimate remove its fist from the wall and stand in front of the window . candy ( to waller ) well amanda . I be impressed . waller thank you general . candy when can we expect to have this guy out on the front line ? waller there be still a few more test but I be confident once President Nelson give the go ahead we can have the ultimate in the field within the year . candy you have my vote . I will support the Project . several of the other official concur with General candy . candy ( con 't ) Big Blue will not be a problem anymore . 123 . int . penthouse , lexcorp plaza -- continuous luthor finger glide over the keyboard as he upload new programming into the ultimate 's brain . his hand hover over the keyboard . he execute the program . int . auditorium , project cadmus -- continuous the ultimate stand straight . flash : image flash through the ultimate 's mind -- superman' symbol -- metropolis -- federov . flash : the ultimate walk toward the window . ultimate growl ) fddddd ... rrrrrr ... vvvv !!! stewart ( concerned ) what 's it do ? waller and federov turn . federov try to control the creature but to no avail . waller ( to federov ) what 's wrong ? federov ( frantic ) it 's not respond to command . the ultimate punch through the glass and grab federov by the head and pull he back through the window . waller and the other back away from the window and towards the exit . the ultimate toss the limp dead body of federov aside and proceed to smash he way through the window . int . corridor , project cadmus -- continuous the official flee the auditorium . the ultimate smashes through the wall and roar . Stewart drag silas down the corridor as the ultimate smashes through another wall . 124 . waller watch as the creature smashes it 's way through the complex . ext . barn entrance , project cadmus , metropolis outskirt -- continuous the rural outskirt be quiet and serene . a faint SOUND of pounding can be hear . the sound get louder and louder until the ground begin to shake and crack . boom ! the ultimate have punched it 's way to the surface . it 's containment suit be torn and shredd . it 's grey skin and bone like protrusion be visible . it look to the SUN which be blazing overhead . it cell start to absorb the solar ENERGY and it roar . it cover its ear in a attempt to block the sound which be amplified by its enhanced kryptonian sense . it focus on the source of it 's pain ... metropolis ultimate mmmrrr ... trrrrp ... lssss !!! a bird fly past and the ultimate grab it from the AIR and crush it . it roar again and jump high through the air in the direction of the City . int . bedroom , lois lane's apartment -- moment later Clark 's eye SNAP OPEN . he can hear the monster coming . he get out of bed and walk to the window . lois walk into the room and see he stand . lois ( concerned ) you should be rest . clark ( worried ) call the Planet . we need to get everybody to safety . louis Clark ? clark ( grave ) something come . 125 . ext . metropolis outskirt -- continuous the ultimate land and smashes through a house before jumping again . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous pedestrian stop and listen as they hear the sound of heavy impact get louder and louder . boom ... boom ... boom ... boom ! int . bedroom , lois lane's apartment -- moment later lois look out of the window . she can hear impact . superman , fully suite , stand behind she . a roar echos throughout the City . lois ( shocked ) what be that ! Clark step toward the window . lois ( con 't ) you can not go out there Clark you be still sick . superman I have to . lois no . you be too weak . he put he hand on she shoulder . superman something out there and I have to stop it . lois caress the still not fully heal wound on he face . lois ( softly ) you be bleed ... I ... I can not ... he kiss she . a gust of wind blows lois ' hair back as he fly out of the window . int . pitch , metropolis stadium -- continuous metropolis university be facing off against gotham university . 126 . Victor stand with he team wait for the play . the ball be toss to Victor who throws it across the pitch where it be caught by he teammate who run for the touch down . the Stadium erupt . ext . metropolis outskirt -- continuous the ultimate land on the ground form a crater right outside the CITY . he jump again directly into to the City . int . pitch , metropolis stadium -- continuous both team have stop play . like the spectator they be more concerned with the sound of impact get ever closer . people start to panic . then boom ! part of the pitch be thrown through the air as the ultimate slam down into the middle of the Stadium . the spectator scream and panic and rush toward the exit . the Beast roar as it charge the bleacher and begins to tear the Stadium apart . the ultimate punch people aside attack indiscriminately . Victor watch as the creature pursue a family ( mother , father and infant son ) . the Son trip and fall as the ultimate close in on she . Victor see this and rush to he aid and with amazing speed snatch he up from the ground just as the creature smashes he fist into the ground . he give the child to he Parents . victor ( to Parents ) run ! just as he utter the word the ultimate punch he aside . his body be thrown through the air and smashes against the stand then onto the ground . he gasp for air . he have suffer terrible injuries , he body be broken . the ultimate stand over he and be about to strike a killing blow when superman tackle the monster and push it away from Victor . 127 . Victor watch as both superman and the ultimate smash through the stadium wall and out into the street . he scream in pain as he teammate come to he aid . ext . metropolis stadium , downtown metropolis -- continuous the dust settles and the ultimate stand and see a truck which have come to a halt in the middle of the street . the SOUND of the engine be like a jackhammer to the creature . the creature with speed equal to superman rush the truck . before the creature hit it superman pull the driver free just it time . the ultimate smashes it repeatedly , completely pulverize it . superman put the Driver down and he run to safety . the ultimate see the man of steel and focus on the hope symbol on he chest . flash : the image luthor upload flash through the ultimate 's mind . flash : ultimate ( growl ) ssssssppppp ... rrrrrr ... mmmmnnn !! ! the ultimate roar as it recognize it 's enemy . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- continuous luthor watch the satellite feed of the monster 's rampage on he monitor , grinning . the ultimate roar in anger as it recognize it 's enemy . ext . metropolis stadium , downtown metropolis -- continuous superman and the ultimate charge each other . they collide and the shockwave shatter window for a entire CITY block . superman be propelled backward through the air and into the street tearing up the concrete before he come to a halt . before he can even come to he sense the ultimate pounce on he and start beat he down into the ground . each blow shaking the ground like a EARTHQUAKE . 128 . superman catch the ultimate 's arm by the wrist and fly upward struggling with the creature which claw and kick he as they hurtle through the air . int . diana' loft , themyscirian embassy -- continuous diana watch superman and the ultimate careen through the air from she window she look toward she armor alter . int . centennial park -- continuous superman aim toward Centennial Park and they both crash down into the park' lake . there be a momentary calm before superman erupt from the water and careen through the air and smashes into a skyscraper before fall to the street below . he slam into the ground and the street crumble beneath he . the ultimate emerge from the Lake and stomp he way toward the populate CITY block . ext . lois lane's apartment build , metropolis -- continuous lois exit she apartment building and out into the street where people be run in panic . she pull out she cellphone and make a call . int . bullpen , DAILY planet office , lexcorp plaza -- continuous the Office be in chaos . everybody be running back and forth . Jimmy make he way through the insanity . jimmy what the hell be go on ? a office worker dash past . office worker ( frantic ) it 's another attack ! int . perry white's office , DAILY planet office , lexcorp plaza -- continuous perry 's phone ring and he snatch it up . it 's lois . perry Lane ? be you see this ? 129 . ext . lois lane's apartment build , metropolis -- continuous lois perry . you need to evacuate now ! perry ( 0.s ) ( over phone ) what 's happen ? lois I do not know . but it 's bad . perry ( 0.s ) ( over phone ) where be you ? lois outside my building . perry ( 0.s ) ( over phone ) stay there . I will send someone for you . int . bullpen , DAILY planet office , lexcorp plaza -- continuous perry swing he Office door open . perry ( 0.s ) ( shout ) Olsen ! jimmy here Chief . perry I have a job for you . ext . carpark , DAILY planet office , lexcorp plaza -- continuous Jimmy drive he car at breakneck speed out of the carpark and speed towards downtown metropolis . ext . STREET , downtown metropolis -- continuous superman crawl from the crater . he 's bleeding from he mouth . he wipe the blood away . with he super hearing he hear the frightened voice of metropolis citizen . voice ( 0.s ) ( frighten , scream ) oh my God !... what be that thing ! run !... not again ! 130 . the ultimate 's roar echo through the City . superman stand and take to the air . ext . metropolis outskirt -- continuous four military helicopter fly toward the City . int . military helicopter ( moving ) -- continuous Stewart be suite up and wield a machine gun . he speak to a squad of marine . stewart this thing be big and bad and be make to go toe to toe with superman . we have armor unit en route . we stay behind the big gun and help civilian if can . a young marine raise he hand . young marine ( scared ) if this thing can take on the superman . what can we do ? stewart you keep shoot until the thing drop son . pilot ( shout ) 3 minute ! the Marines lock and load . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous the ultimate be destroy everything it can see . people scream as they flee the creature 's rampage . a family car ( mother , father , daughter ) come to a screeching halt . the monster pick up the car and throws it toward a building . the family scream . superman appear and catch the vehicle before it can collide with the building . he put it down safely . superman get you family out of here ! the Father slam he foot on the accelerator and the car tear off . 131 . the ultimate see superman and charge he . they renew they battle . ext . STREET , lois lane's apartment build -- continuous Jimmy 's car pull up beside lois and he open the passenger door . jimmy get in . lois jump in and shut the door . lois I need you to take I ... Jimmy cut she off . jimmy downtown . I figure . lois be take aback . lois good boy . now let go . Jimmy hit the gas and they drive towards downtown which have plume of smoke rise from it . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous superman and the ultimate be locked in combat . superman be give he all . hitting the creature as hard as he can . but the ultimate simply shrug off the strike and retaliate . it 's blow hurting superman more and more . bystander hide in store and apartment building . some hide behind car and peek out of alley . a m.c.p.d patrol car pull up nearby and harper and gardner hop out with they gun in hand . gardner ( shocked ) Holy shit ! harper ok kid . the Blue guy 's get this . let get this people to safety . the ultimate kick superman in the gut send he flying towards the patrol car . harper push gardner out of the way . the kryptonian smashes into it destroy it . 132 . harper and gardner watch as the ultimate run past and spear tackle the man of steel . gardner ( matter of fact ) I do not think there 's anywhere that 's safe Jim . harper stand and pull gardner to he foot . they both begin to usher the bystander away from the battle . int . jimmy olsen's car ( moving ) -- continuous Jimmy hit the brake as they arrive at the scene of destruction . Jimmy see superman and the ultimate trading blows . jimmy ( shocked ) what the hell be that thing ? Louis jump out of the car . Jimmy grab he camera from the back seat and follow she . overhead news station helicopter hover and film the scene . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous superman be slammed to the ground . he swing around and land a devastating right cross on the ultimate 's jaw . the monster stagger backwards then steadies itself and hit superman back repeatedly . with each blow superman be forced further back . int . bruce wayne's study , wayne manor -- continuous Bruce watch the news footage of superman 's battle with the ultimate . it be clear superman be losing . the sound of a cane hit the floor draw he attention away from the image on screen . behind he stand Alfred , lean on a cane . he 's weak but recovering . he be look at the footage , concerned . Bruce turn back to the report . his expression one of determination . 133 . int . live room , kent farm -- continuous martha be watch the scene on tv , terrified for she son. ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous Stewart and he troops march through the destruction and close in on the super powered combatant . Stewart gesture he squad to hold they position . he use he radio to contact s.t.a.r lab . int . hamilton room . s.t.a.r lab -- night the Hamilton room have be turn into a makeshift war room . silas , look grave , be stand among the other scientist watch the scene on a huge screen . swanwick enter the room answer Stewart . silas ( to swanwick ) we have a direct line to the Pentagon . Stewart be lead a assault . swanwick patch I through stewart ( 0.s ) General . swanwick talk to I soldier . stewart ( 0.s ) we have foot on the ground . superman and waller 's pet be throw down . swanwick and ? stewart ( 0.s ) ( grave ) waller make good on she promise . swanwick hold you position . artillery be en route . silas get a call on he cell . he answer . his face twist into a look of pure horror and he hang up and rush from the room . 134 . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous superman have the ultimate in a full nelson . he try to wrestle the creature to the ground . the monster grab superman 's arm and with he superior strength he pull himself free of the man of steel 's grip then he grab the kryptonian and pile drive he into the concrete . the creature roar in triumph . boom ! a artillery shell explode against the monster 's back . several tank have arrive and be firing on the ultimate . Stewart and he troops OPEN FIRE . the barrage of FIRE power be relentless . smoke and FIRE obscure the creature shape . the tank 's and the Soldiers deplete they ammo and cease FIRE . there be a eerie calm as the dust settles . Stewart lower he weapon and squint as a shape emerge from the smoke . the ultimate be completely unharmed . only the upper section of it 's containment suit have be torn away revealing it 's muscular grey frame which be cover in sharp shard of bone . stewart ( worried ) we be go to need a bigger gun . the ultimate roar and attack the tank ripping they to shred . the Marines dive to cover as the monster swing a tank by it 's cannon through a building send glass and concrete fly . superman raise up from the ground . he 's weak and bleeding . he charge the ultimate and throws punch after punch . his strike appear futile against the monster who fight back . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- continuous mercy watch the chaos play out . mercy ( concerned ) be you sure this be go to work ? 135 . luthor of course . it kill superman . we kill it . the world know who it 's true hero be . ( smile ) it 's only a matter of time . int . demolished store front -- continuous Stewart duck into a demolished store front where he find gardner and harper be also take cover . the cop 's and soldier stare at each other for a moment . stewart you need to radio ahead and have you guy evacuate as many people as possible and set up a perimeter for at least five city block . harper I think pretty much everybody for ten block have hightaile it out of here . ( look at gardner ) well the smart one anyway . stewart I should hope so . it 's go to get pretty hot down here . Stewart peek out to see the battle raging outside . a ring hang from a chain around he neck . the Ring be GREEN and be adorned with a lantern symbol . gardner see the Ring . gardner Nice ring . ext . sky , metropolis outskirt -- continuous two f-16 fighter jets be close in on metropolis . int . f- 16 ( moving ) -- continuous f-16 pilot we be come in hot . repeat we be come in hot . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous the fighter jet pass over the scene of destruction and FIRE they missile on the ultimate and superman . the missile explode . superman be thrown through the air but the ultimate roar in anger . it watch as the jet come in for another pass . 136 . as they near the creature jump into the air and grab one of the jet by the nose and swing it at the other . both jet explode in a ball of flame as the ultimate slam down to the STREET below . superman be distressed as he watch the jet wreckage fall from the sky . he grit he teeth and with super speed attack the ultimate which grab he by the throat and smashes he into the side of a building . superman push the monster back as he struggle to free himself from it 's grip . nearby a distraught lois watch as Jimmy film . jimmy ( in awe ) it 's like doomsday be here . superman be be beaten down in front of lois ' eye . lois ( plead ) please Clark ! do not do this ! int . hamilton room . s.t.a.r lab -- night swanwick be horrified as he watch the Satellite feed of the jet destruction . morrow receive a communication from the Pentagon .. morrow ( to swanwick ) it 's the Pentagon . swanwick ( to morrow ) on speaker . ( to pentagon ) this be swanwick . int . war room , pentagon -- continuous a radar operator sit at he monitor in the pentagon war room . radar operator Sir . we have a jet close in fast on metropolis air space . int . hamilton room , s.t.a.r lab -- night swanwick one of ours ? 137 . radar operator ( 0.s ) ( over speaker ) I do not think so sir. ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous superman drop to he knee . the newly christen doomsday kick he to the ground . superman lie on he back as the monster beat down on he with both arm . superman spit up blood with each blow . the creature raise he fist to deliver another blow . boom ! -- a missile explode against it 's chest . lois and Jimmy look up to the sky . flying high above the Avenue be a giant jet shape like a bat ... the batwing . int . batwing cockpit ( moving ) -- continuous batman , in he dented Battle armor , operate the aircraft . he open FIRE on the ultimate . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous bullet impact on on doomsday be hide but do not penetrate . the monster roar as it 's attention be turn away from superman and towards the batw . he pass above the creature and skim over the rooftop and between building . int . batwing cockpit ( moving ) -- continuous batman speak into the batw 's radio . batman I need a overview of the city . int . batcave -- continuous Alfred sit at the computer in the batcave and watch the Computer screen which be a satellite view of metropolis . alfred the police and military have erect a perimeter for ten square around . batman ( 0.s ) ( over radio ) civilian ? 138. alfred they be evacuate they as we speak . int . batwing cockpit ( moving ) -- continuous batman ( smile ) good . no need to play nice . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous the batw fly between the building and make another pass . he fire on all cylinder . missile and bullet strike doomsday repeatedly . superman crawl from beneath the monster 's foot . the batw pass above and doomsday jump toward it . the batw dodge the attack and fly past and the monster pursue the aircraft . lois run toward superman . jimmy wait ! lois ! lois throws she arm around superman . lois ( concerned ) look what it 's do to you ! Jimmy follow lois and get he very first look at superman . and he be shocked . jimmy ( in shock ) Clark ? superman nod at Jimmy . lois you can barely stand . jimmy you have to hang back that thing be unstoppable . lois he 's right . you can not do this on you own . superman look out over the destruction doomsday have wringht . 139 . superman I have to lois . innocent people could die . I can not let that happen . ( beat ) not again . lois ( cry ) Clark ... he put he hand on she cheek and look into she tearful eye . superman no matter what happen . I love you . he let she go and take to the sky . int . batwing cockpit ( moving ) -- continuous batman maneuver the aircraft through the City . batman ( to alfre ) what 's we status ? int . batcave -- continuous Alfred press key on the Computer and the screen zoom in on batman 's location . alfred you be stay within the safe zone but that thing be gain fast . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous doomsday be running across rooftop jump at the batw attempt to snatch it from the air . the plane be only narrowly escape he clutch . the monster attack again but this time be successful and punch through the batw 's right wing . the aircraft spiral out of control . batman eject the plane and fire a grappling hook from he gauntlet which embed itself in the side of a building . he swing toward the street below . as he land he heavy boot shatter the concrete beneath he foot . a shadow fall over he and he look up . doomsday be descending towards he ready to crush he beneath it 's foot . superman smashes into the monster and both smash into the side of a nearby building . 140 . after a moment superman be thrown back out of the building and down into the street . the man of steel look up to see the Dark knight stand above he . batman reach out he hand . superman take it and get to he foot . behind they the building crumble as doomsday smashes he way out . the creature roar and charge when suddenly a golden lasso be wrapped around it 's neck and it 's pulled backward . holding the other end of the rope be wonder woman . she be dress in she armor . her sword be strapped to she side and she shield across she back . Light reflect off she silver gauntlet . her dark hair flow from beneath she helmet and down onto she chest plate . she grit she tooth and dig she heel into the ground as she pull the monster backwards . the lasso glow but have no effect on the monster . doomsday wrap the rope around it 's forearm and turn on it 's hip swinging diana through the air . she loosen the rope from the creature 's throat and somersault through the air landing crouched beside superman and batman . she whip the rope around she body until it 's looped and attach to she belt . superman and batman stare be SHOCK and awe at wonder woman . superman stagger . batman ( concerned ) kal ? superman do not worry about I . doomsday stare at it 's enemies and flext its muscle and roar . superman step forward . batman activate he hydraulic joint . wonder woman unsheathes she sword and raise she shield in front of she . side by side they stand together ... the trinity . the ultimate attack . 141 . batman pull a grenade from he belt and toss it at the creature . it explode in it 's face . superman land a brutal one two combination on it 's jaw as wonder woman slashes it 's hide with she sword . the monster grab wonder woman and smashes she into the ground . it raise its foot to crush she . before it can stomp down superman tackle it . doomsday put superman in a headlock and strike he . face before tossing he aside . batman pounce on the creature 's back and jam two tasers into it 's eye socket . the creature swat he aside like a bug . batman skid over the asphalt and into a parked car . the monster shake it 's head and regains be vision . superman and wonder woman simultaneously land punch on the creature 's face , toppling it . the amazon bring she sword down towards doomsday 's neck . it catch the blade . she pull it free and he backhand she clear through a building . superman attack again . landing repeat punch on doomsday 's skull . the man of steel 's knuckle be torn and bloody . batman get to he foot . he 's hurt but not bad . Stewart and he squad , along with gardner and harper , approach batman . weapon raised . stewart ( firmly ) stand down ! batman look at the Soldiers . he dismissively shake he head and march in the direction of doomsday and superman . stewart ( con 't ) hey Halloween ! I be talk to you ! wonder woman land beside they . gardner open FIRE . she deflect the bullet effortlessly with she gauntlet . wonder woman ( firmly ) begone or die here ! 142. stewart Hell lady I just get here . she swing she sword and dash after batman . harper ( to gardner ) will you put that thing away ! gardner shrug a ' sorry ' . doomsday be laying into superman now and the man of steel be reach the end . his suit be ripped to shred and splatter with blood . yet he still fight on . wonder woman charge it and lay a haymaker across it 's jaw which have minimal effect . superman bear hug the creature . he pin it arm allow wonder woman to unleash a series of punishing strike . doomsday shrug they off and jump high into the sky take superman with he . they fly above the rooftop before crashing down . doomsday be on top of superman and lift he up by the neck . he run superman through build after build before smashing he into a truck , flipping it . superman struggle to break free of it 's grip . the monster grab hold of superman 's left forearm and squeezy . there be a horrific SOUND of snapping bone . superman scream . he fire he heat vision into the monster 's face . in retaliation doomsday punch he send through the air and out of sight . a silver grenade drop at doomsday 's foot . the monster turn to see batman stand behind he hold a detonator in he fist . he presses it . the grenade emit a sonic blast . the ultimate roar in pain as the it 's ear ring with the SOUND of a high pitched squeal . Stewart and he squad arrive back up by a tank . batman ( shout ) concentrate fire ! drive it back ! Stewart 's Soldiers look to they leader . 143 . stewart ( to Marines ) you hear the man . the Soldiers OPEN FIRE on the disoriented monster . the tank shell the creature repeatedly . doomsday be in extreme pain . he see the source of he agony . he stomp on the grenade destroy it . its shake off the effect and focus on the human . stewart aw Hell ! batman ( shouting ) move ! move ! move ! with super speed doomsday pulverize the tank then flip it and attack the Soldiers . wonder woman land amid the carnage and engage the creature . she strike and parry and block the monster 's attack with she shield . he slap she aside and she slam against the destroyed tank . she fall to she knee use she sword to prop herself up . she spit blood . she watch as the ultimate decimate the Marines and the surround area . batman be dragging a wounded marine to safety . Stewart have taken cover behind the over turned truck and be on the radio frantically call for aid . gardner and harper be shoot at the creature while retreating . the amazon grit she tooth , wipe she chin and dash back into the fray . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- night luthor smile as he watch he plan unfold . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous behind the over turned truck Stewart be comforting the Young Marine who lie wounded . 144 . doomsday have beaten wonder woman to the ground . the amazon 's Shield be dented and bent . lois and Jimmy be peering out from behind the corner of a build . doomsday back hand wonder woman clear across the STREET and into a wall , knocking her out cold . doomsday , the ultimate , stand triumphant and roar . media helicopter hover above the scene of destruction . jimmy ( to lois ) where 's Clark ? lois do not answer . int . lobby , ruined build -- continuous superman lie beaten and unconscious in the ruined lobby . man ( 0.s ) superman ? the man of steel 's eye flicker open . stand above he be a elderly man , 70' , who reach out he hand to he . elderly man let I help you . superman ( softly ) it 's ok . with great effort superman get to he foot but stumble and fall to one knee . the elderly man help he stand . superman look at the frail man that be holding he up and find understanding . superman ( weak ) thank you . the man of steel step out into the STREET and feel the sun ray on he skin . he clench he fist and fly . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous doomsday roar as the helicopter and be about to attack when a SMALL blinking device attaches to it 's spine . 145 . it explode . the ultimate turn to see batman stand out in the open . int . batcave -- continuous Alfred look aghast at the magnified satellite image of batman stand alone in full view of the creature . alfred ( concerned ) master Bruce ? ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous doomsday fix its gaze on the batman . Jimmy look up in the sky . jimmy ( joyful ) lois look ! superman land in front of batman . hurt , he left arm hold close to he side . the monster growls . superman step forward . batman grab the kryptonian 's shoulder . batman you can not beat it . superman I have to . batman you will die kal . superman Clark . ( he turn and smile at batman ) my name be Clark . he pull away from batman and charge the monster . they fight . each combatant be give it they all . no quarter be give . no mercy be show . superman fall to one knee . doomsday bring both fist down . 146. superman grab the monster 's wrist and with all he strength push the ultimate back . superman jump into the AIR and fly at super sonic speed into the sky and then kick doomsday back to Earth . he hover as the creature free fall towards the City below . lois and Jimmy watch as the monster collide with the concrete create and huge crater . superman hover above the City for a moment . he close he eye and listen . voice ( 0.s ) please ... what 's happen ?... what be that ?... I love you ... dad !... help ! his eye OPEN and descend towards the City , breaking the SOUND barrier . doomsday raise out of the crater and look up at the superman who be baring down on he . superman yell as he throws a final blow . the ultimate throws it 's own killing strike . they collide with such power the impact send shockwave throughout the city shatter window for block . the ground shake and the air fill with dust and debris . then silence . the dust settles and Louis and Jimmy watch as the ultimate stagger . out of the crater . lois and Jimmy watch in fear as the creature take a few step before falling to it 's knee and then to the ground . doomsday be dead . superman 's torn cape hang on a broken STREET light . lois run toward the crater where she break down when she see superman clinging to life . she rush to he side and wrap she arm around he . lois ( emotional ) Clark ! superman ( strain ) be it ?... do I ...? 147 . lois caress he bloodied and swollen face . lois ( start to cry ) you do it . you save we . you save we all . he smile as he drift away . lois ( cry ) I love you . superman die in lois Lane 's arm . int . house , kent farm -- continuous martha be on she knee , crying uncontrollably . ext . downtown metropolis -- continuous wonder woman stagger toward batman who stand at the edge of the crater . Stewart flanke by gardner and harper hang they head . High above the helicopter record the tragic scene . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- night luthor smile turn off he Computer monitor . black screen : fade in : ext . backyard , kent farm -- day lois ( v.0 ) I know superman . I know he not as a god but as a man . martha , cry , stand beside a hole that have be dug in the garden . in she hand she hold a SMALL wooden BOX . lois walk up beside she and put a stuffed bear in the box and embrace martha . lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) a man who strove to protect all of we life . martha place the box in the hole . it be filled with Clark 's childhood possession ( a Trophy , family photograph , etc etc ) . 148 . in grief she fall to she knee , sobbing . lois sit beside she and hug she tight . they both cry . ext . jason todd be grave , wayne manor -- day lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) and mourn that he be too late to save . Wayne stand with Alfred beside the grave of jason todd . Alfred notice someone approaching . he pat Wayne on the shoulder , smile and walk away . Wayne turn to see grayson who join he beside the grave . int . senate hearing room -- day lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) there be that who see he as a enemy ... waller sit at a desk as she be interviewed by a committee in front of the PRESS . she look grave . int . intensive care unit , metropolis hospital -- night lot ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) there where other who know he as a friend . Victor Stone lie on a hospital bed . he be in a coma and on life support . silas sit by he side hold he Son 's hand , devastate . ext . CITY hall , metropolis -- day lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) but in the end ... the mayor of metropolis stand on a podium in front of a thousand citizen . lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) he stand for we . he fight for US ... behind he cover in white sheet be a statue . lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) he die for we . the Mayor gesture the sheet be removed . lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) because he be one of we . 149 . the sheet be pulled away to reveal a giant statue of superman . stand tall and proud in the SUN . lois ( v.0 ) ( con 't ) he be the World 's finest . the crowd erupt in cheer . int . red room , s.t.a.r lab -- night superman 's body be house in a protective glass case . it be illuminated by a single white light . Stewart stand beside the case look down on the fall kryptonian , mournfully . the emerald ring around he neck begin to glow he remove the Ring from he neck and place it on he finger . he clench he fist and a GREEN ENERGY be emitted from the Ring . he aim it in front of he . the Energy form into the shape of a man , young but battle weary . this be kyle rayner , member of the GREEN lantern corp . rayner John . stewart Kyle . rayner what do you have to report ? stewart kal El be dead . the emerald man 's face harden . rayner that 's unfortunate . we need the kryptonian . stewart be I be call back ? rayner no. Jordan want you on Earth . to organize a defense when the time come . Stewart nod , solemnly . 150 . rayner ( con 't ) thanagar have fall . we can not hold he back any longer . ( turn and walk away ) uxas be come . rayner flicker and fade leave Stewart alone . stewart ( whisper ) darkseid . ext . rooftop , wayne enterprise metropolis -- night Bruce Wayne and Alfred stand beside a huge inactive searchlight . in the distance lexcorp Tower can be see . Wayne hear the SOUND of soft footfalls behind he . he and alfre turn to see diana approach . wayne I be not sure you would come . she join they beside the searchlight . diana I come to honor he . he be a great warrior . wayne he be not a warrior diana . he be a hero . in the end he realize what that mean . diana and what do it mean ? wayne be a hero be not about the life you save but what you be willing to sacrifice to save they . Clark know that in the end . he place he hand on the searchlight 's switch . diana what be you do ? wayne I will not let he sacrifice be in vain . I be go to let someone know that he do not win . he hit the switch and the searchlight activate . 151 . int . penthouse , lexcorp tower -- continuous luthor sit at he desk in the dark , alone . suddenly the room be filled with a bright light . he stand and walk to the window and out onto the balcony . outside the searchlight be shining on he building . the image be of superman 's symbol : hope . end credit .