bloodmoon fade in . open credit : background of the rise moon , and it be blood Red . over this background , the silhouettes of several fighter cross back and forth , throw beautiful technique , hit each other . various other image , of victim , woman , sword , weapon , also appear and then disappear . various chinese character , all with a moon motif , also appear . at the end of the credit roll , one fighter , the killer , stand alone , still in silhouette , he arm raise to the sky . Fresh blood stream down the moon , cover this image , dissolving into the exterior of a old style , traditional box gym . ext . boxing gym -- night a back to the basic kind of gym , full of old leather punch bag , and even more leathery fighter . there be several car in the parking lot , and the light be on . int . boxing gym -- continuous in the ring a very muscular fighter be sparring round . he be very good , scoring at will on he sparring partner . the sense of confidence the fighter have can be felt as he play with he partner , flick in and out , make contact but do no real damage . he be not , however , try to put he sparring partner out . there be people all around the ring , work on heavy bag , speed bag , treadmills , exercise bike , stairclimber . a banner above the ring read " Home of the Light heavyweight Champion of the World . " the bell sound , and the action break in the ring , both fighter hit they glove together and go to they corner . cornerman Way to go , champ . close time ! fighter I be go to work the bag , Ernie . listen , you go on . I will lock it up . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) the cornerman agree , and the fighter start migrate to the door . int . boxing gym -- later the fighter be hit the heavy bag , while in the window above he , the blood Red Moon fill the glass . as the fighter hit the heavy bag , he hear something and suspect that something be wrong . coate in sweat , he go look around the gym . he look in several shadowy place , only to find nothing . shake he head , he start back towards the heavy bag when he hear ... killer ( 0.s. ) you fight well . < beat > champ . the killer , a tall , very muscular , very handsome man , appear at the other end gym . he move with a easy grace , and come closer to the fighter . the fighter size he up . a air about the killer tell the fighter he know what he 's talk about . fighter all dress up and no place to go ? killer you do not have the killer instinct . < beat > I can show it to you . fighter be that a fact ? well , maybe some time we could go a round or two . killer no time like the present . or be you ...scare ...? the fighter size the killer up for a moment , then smile a small , confident smile . fighter you get a death wish , buddy ? killer do you notice that there be blood on the moon tonight ? the fighter do not know what to make of this remark as they head for the ring . the killer and the fighter climb up into the ring and face off . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) a single overhead light shine down on they , throw strange shadow on the ring and on the wall of the box gym . the killer start toward the fighter , a small smile on he lip . killer ( cont 'd ) the key to win be to take advantage of every weakness . like how you never really cover you side ... he swing quickly , three time , and bury three deadly hook in the man 's kidney . the fighter bend over in pain , he hand at he side . killer ( cont 'd ) always attack be lesson two . and the killer do just that . he throw powerhouse punch , and the fighter 's defense cannot withstand the barrage . he be get hit . hard . fighter hey , man , that 's enough ... the fighter have he arm up , cover he face and head . surrender . killer it 's never enough . lesson Three . a true champion never go easy , never let up . he come on , the blow cruel and calculate . the fighter do not stand a chance . the killer keep punch , he glove glisten with the fighter 's blood . killer ( cont 'd ) fight ! goddamn it ! fight ! but , in the face of the killer 's onslaught , there be no fight , only slaughter . the fighter fall to the canvas , but the killer continue to drive he fist into the fall man until there be no more movement . the killer stand over the fall fighter . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) killer ( cont 'd ) School 's out , champ . he turn to the window of the gym , and raise he arm to the moon . 4 ext . street -- morning establish shot , New York street . a man be riding a motorcycle on the street . 5 ext . boxing gym crime scene -- morning the box gym have be turn into a crime scene , with police car in front of the gym . they light flash against the dawn 's light . chuck burke , a black detective about 35 year old , ride up on he Black triumph motorcycle . he get off and walk into the busy crime scene . in front of the entrance to the gym be a pile of stuff , and Chuck , instead of climb over it , gracefully jump from place to place in a very acrobatic way . the cop around the scene see he , but they be use to he eccentric way . they ignore it . 6 int . boxing gym -- continuous burke stride confidently into the box gym , take in everything as he walk to the two uniform near the body . chuck what do we have here , lady ? somebody talk to I . Chuck absently run a scarf through he fist , and it come out alternately blue and red , red and blue . crime scene cop ( look at he note ) well , detective , we have one dead boxer , Eddie cunningham , 33 year old , Light heavy Champion of the World . found in the ring , this morning . < beat > somebody beat he to death . chuck guess we get a new champ . be this the latest from we boy ? do we make it three ? crime scene cop no witness , no finger print , plenty of blood and gut ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) chuck any chance he leave a suicide note ? < after a beat > boy and girl , sound like we have ourselves a homicide . they share a grim smile , and Chuck kneel down to look more closely at the body . Chuck shake he head at the grisly sight . chuck ( cont 'd ) what the hell be go on ? he run the scarf through once more , and it come out completely white . he respectfully lay it carefully over the face of the dead fighter . 7 ext . police station -- morning Chuck arrive at the station , and see a phalanx of reporter , surround chief hutchin . he look frustrated , and a little angry . Chuck quickly about face and head for a side door . as he go , we see hutchin talk to the media . reporter ( stepping on each other ) be this the work of the same man ? do you have any suspect ? what be you do to catch he ? any communication with the killer ? hutchin we be follow up every lead . we be very close to crack this case . we just need patience and cooperation from you people in the media ... Chuck push he way through the crowd , to the side entrance of the building . 8 int . police station -- later Chuck come in and sit down wearily at he desk . it be cover with papers , map , note , book , etc . there be martial art magazine scattered all over he desk . chuck tell the m.e . I want she report on my desk as soon as she have it . I wait 15 damn minute for she banker 's hour ass to come in . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) secretary Chuck , Chief on line 2 . Chuck hit the phone off its cradle , catch it while it be still up in the air . with he other hand , he be juggling two ball in the air . chuck hey , hey , hey . this be burke . I be work it , Chief . hutchin ( 0.s. ) goddamn it ! we need some answer ! Son of a bitch ! chuck Chief , chief , what 's with that language ! yes , sir. yes , sir. Chuck moan and take the phone away from he ear , not listen any more . the Chief 's voice , tinny and thin , be hear through the earpiece . he put the phone down on he desk , and stand up to meet one of the other officer in the squad , who walk in to bring he a computer print out , a new challenge from the killer . Chuck hold it up , look at it closely . officer come in last night . before the boxer . Chuck nod he head and shrug . it be a computer print out of a graphic , a moon with blood on it , and the word : " blood on the Moon . " Chuck turn to he bulletin board , and pin it up along with the other message -- challenging , taunting , deride . he continue juggling with one hand . chuck variation on a theme . why do not I get this last night ? officer it be attach to e-mail address to the Chief . chuck ( wince ) do you see he ? do he have the face on ... ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) at this moment , the Chief appear behind Chuck , who be still juggling the ball . chuck ( cont 'd ) oh , man , the bulg eye , the pop vein , the quivering lip ... angle on officer who be reacting to the Chief stand behind Chuck . chuck ( cont 'd ) he 's stand right behind I , be not he ? I told you not to bring this ball in here ! the Officer walk away , quickly , anticipate the firework . he turn around to face the enraged Chief , still juggling . the Chief take the ball from he , one by one . hutchin we be up to we eyeball in murder victim , and you be screwing I around ? any idea the pressure on I ? I be crucify this morning by the press ! Chuck try to charm the Chief . chuck that 's because you , Chief , be the man ! hey , great to see you . you should slum down here more often ... Chuck reach out to smooth down he lapel , and pull a silver dollar out of he jacket , show it to hutchin with a flourish . hutchin get some result , Chuck ! you ever do that again ... ( point at the phone on Chuck 's desk ) the great chucker can book himself magic show in Atlantic City , ' cause he will not be work here ! < beat > juggle this ball ! the Chief stalk out of the doorway , toss the juggling ball back to he . when he be go , Chuck smile . Chuck turn back to he wall , scan all the collect information . he start juggling as he look through it all . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 10 11 chuck hell. Atlantic City . if I could conjure this sicko out of thin air ... I would be headline in Vegas ! hold on picture of Moon . dissolve to : ext . moon -- night 9 empty shot of blood Red moon in the reflection of a puddle of water . a car slice through the water , and the camera tilt up to reveal a establish shot of a sleazoid bar . omitted 10 int . sleazoid bar -- continuous 11 the bar be smoky , and nearly empty . dutch , the owner of the bar , be a big , muscular man who look like he do not take shit from anyone . his trophy and photo from he fight career rare all over the bar . dutch and he lady , roxy , very sexy , though a little slutty , be alone in the bar . roxy be sit at the bar , and she want to dance , and dutch comply . they start to sway to the slow music , and dutch kiss roxy . she respond , and soon they be on one of the pinball machine . dutch be undress roxy , when she think she hear something . roxy what be that ? dutch nothing ! do not break the mood ! dutch get roxy 's shirt off , and start on she bra , but she be sure she hear something . she try to push dutch off , but he be in heat and will not take no for a answer . he go for she short , and have they unzip before she can push he away . roxy I hear something , goddamn it ! ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) dutch nobody 's gonna mess with I , babe . you be just be stupid . roxy thanks a lot . she start away , to look around the bar , pull she pants up as she go . dutch come back here , you bitch . roxy ( to herself ) my luck with man be for shit ... killer ( 0.s. ) roxy , you luck be about to change ... she turn with a wary look on she face , and the killer gently choke she out . he catch she before she hit the ground , and lay she down carefully on the floor . he then advance on dutch , who have he back to the bar . dutch you find anything ? killer she find I , crutch . dutch the name 's ' dutch ' . killer it will not be , after tonight . ( he size up dutch ) marvelous night for a moondance . dutch be ready for the killer , itching to fight . the killer move out to face dutch . he put a scared face on . dutch attack , and hit the killer several time . the killer be not fight back -- he take a couple of awkward swing , but miss by a mile . dutch think he 's in full control . the killer back up and hold he hand up . killer ( cont 'd ) ( scared voice ) can we talk this over ? please ? ( continued ) olden rev . 12 10/17/97 ) 10 dutch laugh and close on the killer . dutch no way ! you be mine ! the killer 's scared demeanor change completely , and he stand up to he full height . killer ( smile ) ok . he attack dutch first , tear he apart . the killer really take it to dutch , never let up . he hit he up one side and down the other . dutch be helpless . the killer be enraged . he be look for a good fight , but he 's not get it . it 's the pugilistic equivalent of a barrel shoot . killer ( cont 'd ) why be not you better ? he hit dutch at will . killer ( cont 'd ) tough man ? you be not tough ! the killer grab he by the head from behind and smile . he be go to kill he . the killer stop smile , and look almost like he be go to let dutch go . but then , he wrench dutch 's head , break he neck and kill he . he let dutch slide to the ground . the killer walk away from the death . int . morgue -- morning 12 the shattered body of dutch be on the examine table , the medical examiner have just finish the autopsy . stand with he be Chuck , Chief hutchin , and one other officer . medical examiner kill by trauma to the head . his extremity ... the bone be shattered . he die in extreme pain . ( more ) ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 14 medical examiner ( cont 'd ) the killer have a knowledge of anatomy , the destruction be systematic , precise -- every strike be a vital area , a nerve center or a meridian . he definitely have a signature , I recognize it . chuck any evidence of a weapon ? or post mortem mutilation ? medical examiner it do not look like he use a weapon , but I have never see wound like this . as for mutilation , it 's the fight he 's interested in . once they be dead , he 's do . hutchin what about the witness ? chuck the killer choke she out , do not hurt she , before she could see he clearly . I have she look at mug shot anyway . hutchin this one make four , right ? Chuck just nod . hutchin ( cont 'd ) I be assign you some help in this , Chuck . I want you to go see this guy ... chuck Chief , I do not need any help . hutchin let 's see , we have four dead body , a technofreak nutball who send computer message about the murder and we be no closer to solving this than we be on day one . do I forget something ? oh , the killing be get closer together , which can not be a good sign . chuck Chief ... hutchin you need to shut up , Chuck . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 11a chuck I be work my ass off ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 13 13a 12 hutchin shut up . I have get heat from everywhere on this one , and I be try to stop the bleed . get Ken o'hara , specialize in serial before you get here . he be one of the best mindhunter in the country . he retire a couple of year ago . chuck mindhunter ? what the hell be a mindhunter ? hutchin here 's he address . his last case be a messy one . put o'hara in the hospital , almost put he right here . chuck I do not need any help ! hutchin yeah , and I be not go to need a triple bypass one day . go see o'hara , I want he on this . oh , Chuck , wear a suit . try to make a good first impression . the Chief leave they stand there , around dutch 's dead body . ext . seashore -- day 13 we open on a little girl , lauren , seven year old , work on a sand sculpture on the beach . there be a straw stick out of the front of the sculpture . lauren be very concentrate on make the sand as smooth and as nice as possible . suddenly , the sand sculpture shift a little . lauren do not move , dad ! just then , the sculpture sneeze and ex-cop , now retire , ken o'hara , come out of the sculpture , shaking the sand off of he . he roar like a monster , and chase lauren , and they go run into the water . ext . boardwalk -- later 13a Ken and lauren be walk down the boardwalk with lauren . it be they one day together . several shot of Ken and lauren tenderly interact , shopping , share a ice cream , walk hand in hand , arm in arm . suddenly , a group of motorcyclist come near they . Ken , reflexively and protectively , pull lauren out of the way . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 12a as he do this , Ken bump into terry , who be stand with he girlfriend and a couple of other friend . Ken bump send Terry 's beer spilling all down the front of he shirt and pants . Terry 's girlfriend immediately laugh out loud . Terry spin around to face Ken , really angry . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 13 ken sorry , man ! I be not look where I be go . terry you be gonna be sorry ! ken hey , let I pay to clean you clothes , ok ? $ 20 do it ? Terry look at he girlfriend , who be still laugh . friend hey , karate Boy ! look like you piss yourself ! girlfriend show I what you get , Jackie Chan man ! terry I be gonna take it out of you hide ! he push Ken hard , and Ken go backward . he be careful to gently move lauren out of the way . ken stay there , this will not take long ... lauren daddy ! Terry advance on Ken , and there be now a crowd of people surround they , watch the action . terry c'mon , man ! put ‘em up ! ken look , I say I be sorry . hitting I be not go to dry you shirt . terry yeah , but it 's gonna make I feel a hell of a lot better . Terry take a swing at Ken , and he evade it , sidestepping he . Terry keep come , swinging wildly . Terry 's girlfriend laugh even harder , and Ken notice this . he shake he head , and resign himself to the beat . Terry swing again , and make contact this time , double Ken over . he hit he again and again , and Ken just take it . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 14 he 's not get really hurt , he 's avoid most of the hit , and dissipate the force out of the other , but he 's not fight back . lauren daddy ! < to the leader > leave he alone ! ken it 's all right , honey . he can not hurt I . terry wanna bet ? Terry 's girlfriend be cheer for she man now , and Terry 's Friends be impressed by he machismo . Ken get take to the ground , and Terry tower over he . terry ( cont 'd ) why do not you fight back ? you a pussy ? ken yeah , I be a pussy ... lauren stop it ! stop it ! she rush up to Terry and pull on he arm , try to get he to stop . terry what do we have here ? Terry smile menacingly and pull he open hand back to slap lauren . suddenly , it be stop , in Ken 's powerful grip . ken I do not think so . Terry go to punch Ken again , and Ken block it this time and take the man down , subdue he . as soon as he do this , however , he be attack by the Friends . four to one . the odd be seriously against ken. the Friends do not stand a chance . Ken handle they all , he movement graceful , beautiful , powerful . ( continued ) olden rev . 14 10/17/97 ) 15 he finish they off , not reveling in the violence . in fact , he put they out as humanely and quickly as possible . they end up in a pile on the ground . Ken 's last action be a fly sidekick that send one of the thug off he motorcycle . Ken stand over they for a moment , and lauren run up to he , hugging he , and they continue to walk down the boardwalk together . ken ( cont 'd ) I be sorry you have to see that , honey . you ok ? she nod yes . lauren be you ? I do not like fight . Ken stop and kneel down to talk to he daughter . ken I do not want to fight they , lauren , but he be go to hit you , I have no choice . nobody hurt my family ! lauren I be worried they would hurt you . ken they could not hurt I . I be like superman ! lauren ( laugh ) superman ! she laugh and spin away from he . Ken stay kneel down and hold up he hand to she . ken hey , help superman stand up , ok , honey ? she pull he up , and they continue walk down the boardwalk , hand in hand . ext . ken house -- later 14 Ken 's home be a two story building , obviously build for a family . it 's a nice house -- but not too nice , Ken 's a cop after all . at the front door , Ken 's wife , megan , a beautiful woman , be wait impatiently . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 15a she 's very angry because Ken be late get back with they daughter , and she be constantly check she watch . Chuck , dress in a nice suit , pull up on he triumph motorcycle . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 16 he pull the case file out of he tank bag , and reluctantly walk up to the door . he seem surprised to see megan wait there . chuck hi . I be look for Ken o'hara ... megan get in line . chuck he 's not home ? megan he 's dead . chuck Dead ? < beat > I think ... megan when he get back with my daughter , we daughter , he 's go to be dead . chuck I see . uh , you guy divorced ? megan separate . it 's he afternoon with lauren , and he promise he would not be late . chuck pretty damn inconsiderate . how do you stand it ? megan it 's tough . we be go through a hard time . ( smile at Chuck ) my name 's megan . chuck Chuck . I have never meet you husband , and I be not so sure I want to ... Chuck reach out for she hand , and immediately a bouquet of flower appear . megan , who be reach for he hand to shake , be startle , and she stumble into Chuck . he catch she and they share a laugh . just then , Ken come walk up the sidewalk with he daughter . he see megan and Chuck , " embrace , " and grimace . he do not like to see megan with another man , and he also know what 's come . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 17 megan see Ken , and stand up , smoothing out she clothes , the bouquet of flower in she hand . megan where have you be ? Ken look at megan , then at Chuck , then back at megan . ken we be have fun , if that mean anything to you . right , lauren ? lauren yeah , mommy ! you should have see ... megan not now , honey . we have a appointment ... ken ( look at Chuck ) I bet you do . megan you promise to have she back on time . it 's you responsibility . right , Chuck ? chuck indubitably . exactly right . ken stay out of this , " Chuck . " chuck she 's get a point , Ken . you should listen to she . Ken look at Chuck , stunne that this boyfriend would dare to speak to he . he do not take he eye off Chuck , there be real menace in he gaze . ken I think you be late . megan we be . say goodbye to you father . Ken and lauren share a hug and a kiss . ken see you soon . lauren Love you , superman . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 15 18 ken right back at you . he watch as megan and lauren walk away . surprisingly to Ken , Chuck stay there . ken ( cont 'd ) lose you way , chuckie ? hit the road . chuck I come to see you , Ken . ken well , nothing personal , but fuck off . chuck Chief hutchin send I to see you . ken hutchin ? you be not ...? chuck no. can I come in ? Ken wave he inside . int . ken house -- moment later 15 Ken be look through the file on the murder . he pass a hand over he face , as if he be try to wipe away the violence , and the memory . he hand the file back to Chuck . ken I do not do this anymore . chuck that 's what the Chief say , but he want you help . ken answer 's no . tell he that , ok ? chuck no sweat . Chief say you quit over a case . that right ? ken tell hutch I say hello . drive safely . Ken open the door for Chuck to leave . Chuck leave the file on a table as he walk to the door . ( continued ) olden rev . 16 16a 17 18 19 10/17/97 ) 19 chuck something subtle go on here , Ken ? you want I to leave , just ask ! Ken ignore he , and Chuck leave . ext . ken house -- continuous 16 before Chuck can turn around to say something , the door be close in he face . chuck I do not want you help anyway . he shake he head and walk towards he motorcycle . ext . cityscape -- night 16a lighting flash over New York City . int . ken house -- night 17 Ken at home , after dinner . the file be still on the table , unlook at . Ken be fold clothes , look towards the file . Ken do he dish , look at the file again . the steam rise up from the sink , obscure he feature . Ken be sit in a easy chair , read a novel . he can not concentrate on the novel , and lower it , look at the file again . finally , he give up and go to get it . he sit down on the couch , go through the file . he look at some of the picture , then close the file . he get up and walk away , look out the window . he come back to the file , however , and look through it again . int . shower -- later 18 Ken be get ready to take a shower , and we see for the first time the huge scar on he upper body , back and front . as Ken look into the mirror , he finger one of the bigger scar , and a ... flashback start . int . flashback -- day 19 very disjoint , and shocking in its violence ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 19 a each CUT be punctuate by a white flash ( like a intentional overexposure ) : ( continued ) olden rev . 20 21 22 10/17/97 ) 20 a leering serial killer hover over Ken , a bloody knife raise over he head . white flash the knife slashes through Ken 's skin on he back ! white flash Ken arching with pain . white flash the serial killer laugh with delight , he face mist with blood . Ken 's blood . white flash Ken be strung up by rope , and he back be cover in slashes and cut . white flash more torture . white flash the flashback end . int . ken house -- later 20 Ken , lie on the couch , he hair wet , himself exhaust , the file spread open on the coffee table . ken no. < beat > not again . ext . cityscape -- night 21 establish shot of New York City at night . lightn flash . int . killer house -- night 22 tight shot of a computer monitor , the image of " bloodmoon " on it . the camera pan across to the killer fix metal finger onto he hand . two false finger lay on the desk , along with the killer 's mask . there be picture and sheet of information on the killing all around , and one computer monitor that read " City of New York Police Department Central Computer . " this section end with a close up of a picture feature a number of different fighter , and a master . olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 23 omitted 20 a 23 olden rev . 24 25 10/17/97 ) 21 int . master dojo -- continuous 24 we pull out from master tokaido , who be meditate in he dojo . it be a very traditional martial art dojo , hard wood floor . there be trophy everywhere , and a bookshelf full of research tome . train equipment , calligraphy and martial art weapon serve as the decoration on every wall in sight . the dojo be empty save for master tokaido . he be in traditional dress ( black kimono , white gi top , helmet ) , and a sword lie on the floor next to he . as he meditate a " student " ( the killer ) walk in , in full kendo garb , complete with helmet . the killer walk up to where the master be meditate . the master sense he and what he be there to do . without open he eye , he say ... master you spirit be unclean . the killer say nothing , stand wait . the killer be carry a high tech , compact video camera and a cellular phone , and he place the camera in position . he then turn to the master , raise he sword . killer hajime ! he bark the command to begin to spar , and the master open he eye and look at he strangely . he get up and don he helmet , bring he sword into position . the killer attack with he sword , and the fight have begin . the master be confident that he will be able to beat this interloper . the two circle each other , exchange swordplay . the master be good , but the killer be better . faster . stronger . int . police station -- continuous 25 Chuck be on duty , review picture from the series of killing . the phone ring . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 26 27 28 22 chuck entshuldigung . < beat > a kung fu movie , on the computer ? cool . I will be right there . int . police station -- moment later 26 Chuck walk up to the officer who call he , donna , who be sit in a wheelchair , and pull a seat up to she computer monitor -- there be two of they , one fix on the " bloodmoon " graphic . as he sit down , he pull a piece of candy out of she ear , and hand it to she . chuck what 's up ? donna this just start come in . it look like we kind of action movie ! can not trace the transmission . chuck man , the quality really suck . who 's in it ? tight on the screen -- the video image be not great , but it 's of the kill , happen right now in the master 's House . int . master dojo -- continuous 27 the master be get hit often and hit hard . the killer whirl and strike the master across the helmet , stun he . he strike again , and this time the master 's breastplate be CUT in two , leave a clean cut across he chest ! a little blood flow from the almost surgical slice . omitted 28 olden rev . 29 30 31 10/17/97 ) 23 omitted 29 the killer attack again , and slice the master 's helmet off , leave a thin cut on he face , revealing he face . the master stab the killer , but the sword do no damage ! there be a metal breastplate build into he uniform . int . police station -- continuous 30 Chuck see the face of the master . chuck oh sh ...! I know he ! get unit to 562 Houston , right away ! Chuck get up to run off , call over he shoulder . chuck ( cont 'd ) copy the transmission if you can ... donna I will try . Chuck run off . int . master dojo -- continuous 31 the killer cut the master 's bamboo shiniai into several piece . he then lift off he own helmet , smile broadly . master who be you ? killer you do not remember I ? pity . the killer discard he razor sharp blade and lower himself into a fight position . the master also prepare to fight , think he have a better chance to stay alive without the blade . he be wrong . they fight , and the killer use the most brutal technique in he arsenal , and the master do not stand a chance . the killer be about to finish he off , and stand over the master 's body . killer ( cont 'd ) who be the champion now ? olden rev . 32 33 34 35 36 37 10/17/97 ) 24 ext . street -- continuous 32 Chuck be racing through the street , on he motorcycle , rush to get to the house . he slide the motorcycle under a truck ! ext . master dojo -- continuous 33 Chuck finally round a corner and make it to the house . he stop , get off he motorcycle , then pause for a moment , check in all direction , pull he gun , then head for the front door . as he approach the front door , the front of the building explode ! the window and the door blow out ! Chuck be blown back as the flame reach the sky , lick up at the moon . Chuck land on a patrol car that pull up to the front of the dojo . the debris fall down around Chuck in slow motion . int . police station -- later 34 tight on hutchin - - he be call on he cellular phone . int . ken house -- continuous 35 Ken be sleep on he live room couch , and fall off the sofa after a nightmare . the file Chuck give he be all over the floor . the phone ring , and Ken answer it . ken yeah ? int . police station -- continuous 36 hutchin Ken , this be hutch . you instructor , master tokaido , have be ... kill . int . ken house -- continuous 37 Ken , on the phone , hear that it be he friend , he master , who be dead . murdered . like the other . Ken leave immediately , without a word . olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 25 38 ext . ken house -- continuous 38 Ken run out to he car , fire it up and then roar off . 39 ext . police station -- later 39 Ken walk into the police station . 40 int . morgue -- later 40 Ken walk into the morgue and motion to the attendant to show he a body . ken master tokaido . come in last night . the attendant nod and pull out one of the shelf , then step back and leave Ken alone with he master . Ken lift the sheet and hang he head , the anguish overcome he . 41 int . police station -- continuous 41 Ken come into the squad room , where the Chief be stand with Chuck . hutchin Ken , thanks for come . sorry for you loss . ken what do we have ? hutchin I will let Chuck bring you up to speed , ok ? you be to work together , as partner , on this case . Ken nod , and Chuck smile . chuck glad to have you on board , Ken . I know we can sure use the help . why do not you come into my office ? Ken look at Chuck carefully , then glance at the Chief . hutchin talk to you later . thanks again for help we out . olden rev . 42 10/17/97 ) 26 int . chuck office -- continuous 42 Chuck lead he in and motion for he to sit . he look out through the door , where the Chief be still stand , watch they . while he be stand there , Chuck be all smile and welcome . chuck you read the file ? ken carefully . chuck and ...? ken you be not get anywhere , be you ? Chuck swallow a smart ass reply , and glance at the Chief . chuck that 's why you be here . to save we poor soul . you get any idea ? ken a few . < beat > we be deal with a very organize killer , someone who plan . this killing be not random , spur of the moment thing . he only kill who he want to kill . low risk victim in low risk area , no witness - - everything plan out very well . out of the corner of he eye , Chuck see the Chief leave . he turn he attention back to Ken . ken ( cont 'd ) his behavior reflect he personality , and he behavior be very control , well orchestrate . his m.o. exist nowhere else . now , I think ... Chuck hold up he hand for Ken to stop talk . chuck let I stop you right there ... I know who you be , Ken . you quit the force because you be scared . I can not partner with a guy who be go to piss himself when he come face to face with the enemy . ( more ) ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 43 44 27 chuck ( cont 'd ) so , you can have all the bullshit theory you want , and write all the stupid report , but stay the fuck out of my way when it get dirty . he stare straight at Ken , who half expect it . chuck ( cont 'd ) you get that ? ken yeah . I get it . chuck now , I be sure they find you you own office . I need to check out a theory , I will call you . ken I need copy of everything you get on the case ... for my report . chuck see a fuck secretary . have a fine day . Ken nod he head and walk out of Chuck 's office . Chuck watch he go , then take a piece of paper , ball it up and shoot it at the wastebasket . it swishes through . chuck ( cont 'd ) he shoot , he score ! int . police station -- night 43 Chuck be work alone , go through the pile of file and report . he be look for something , and he pick up a picture of the master 's dojo , post explosion . he look closely at the picture , but be not satisfied . he decide he have to go back to the master 's dojo . pick up he jacket as he walk out , Chuck leave . ext . master dojo -- later 44 the window be blow out , and the door be barely close . there be crime scene tape around the building , still mark it as off limit . Chuck pull up in front , get off he bike , and go inside . olden rev . 45 10/17/97 ) 28 int . master dojo -- later 45 Chuck come inside and begin to look around for what he need . as he move through the downstairs , he sense that something be off , wrong . he look around , stay still . he 's not alone . there be someone already inside the dojo ! a figure be there , walk through the crime scene , move through the scene , back and forth . Chuck watch for a moment , try to figure out what he be do . finally , Chuck come forward , to put a stop to this . as soon as he dislodge from the shadow , the figure attack ! a fight ensue , and both man be very skilled fighter . as they fight , Chuck pull out a small flashlight , and try to light it to illuminate the other . the other man pull out he own flashlight . finally , the flashlight come on together , and the fighter see each other -- it 's Ken ! chuck you ! what be you do here ? Chuck flick on a small wall light , give some light . the window and door be blow out , but the place be not completely destroy . ken my job . remember ? chuck man , you be lucky I do not kill you ! ken yeah , I be positively bless . chuck I think I tell you to stay out of my way . you come over here to sneak around in the dark . ken I be pick up impression ... chuck well , pick up you butt on you way out , because I be about to kick it . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 29 ken my knee be shaking . Chuck push Ken , and Ken push he back . they start to fight again , but before long the light come on , blind bright . Ken and Chuck stop fight and face the door , and there stand kelly , the master 's beautiful daughter . kelly what the hell be go on here ? Chuck look at Kelly . he pull out he badge and flash it to she . chuck Police . who be you , miss ? kelly I live here . chuck the victim live here alone . ken Kelly ? be that you ? kelly uncle Ken ? chuck uncle Ken ? Ken nod , and Kelly and Ken come together in a hug , as they console each other . Kelly start to cry , and Ken hold she . ken it 's ok . I be here . this be master tokaido 's daughter . adopted daughter . Chuck , the third wheel in this situation , be uncomfortable . he clear he throat , and Kelly and Ken break off they embrace . chuck I feel for you loss , but I would like to ask you some question . how about we go down to the station ? Kelly start to protest . ken we can talk tomorrow , Kelly . do not worry . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 29a Chuck shoot he a look . chuck the department will put you up ina hotel ... kelly you get any lead ? chuck that 's what we be do here , work on they ... kelly look like you be work on each other . they walk towards the door and go out . 45a ext . master dojo -- continuous 45a they come out of the dojo , and a taxi be wait at the curb . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 30 ken yeah , well ... let I take you to a hotel . kelly I get my own ride , and I be stay at Carol hartman 's . you know it , right ? it be great to see you , uncle Ken . I will see you tomorrow ? ken you bet . Kelly leave , and they be alone with each other again . chuck we should have question she tonight , uncle Ken . do not go make decision you do not have the authority to make . ken tomorrow 's soon enough to talk with she . chuck when I be the retire chickenshit and you be run the investigation , you get to make that call ! look , asshole , just stay out of my way . I be call it a night ... you can skulk here all you want ... ken I be through skulking , for now ... ( continued ) olden rev . 46 10/17/97 ) 31 they walk out of the house together , but not really together . int . police station -- day 46 Ken , Chuck , Chief hutchin and two other detective be talk about the case . ken there be no sign of force entry , and the explosion be pretty primitive -- gasoline and a stick of dynamite . I do not see a timer , so he have to be wait for detective burke ... chuck how do you know that ? ken I find it , skulking . he be wait for burke here to come run , maybe he 's tie into we gps system so he can track we vehicle , and blow the place up just before he go inside . hutchin to cover he track ? ken to send a message -- the killing be get closer together , and he 's get better . it 's almost as if he 's learn . and , he 's get more confident , so now he 's send we the computer note , taunting we ... this guy be so out there with technology , and I be lose . I know a computer hacker from a case a couple of year ago . I want to go see he , get some advice on the computer end of thing . hutchin well , do not stand around here . chuck we be go . Ken and Chuck be walk out of conference room , and Kelly be wait on one of the bench in the squad room . as soon as she see they , Kelly get up and hurry up to Ken and Chuck . kelly uncle Ken , I have be wait ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 47 32 ken what be you do still here ? after the interview , I tell you go home . we will call you if we need anything more . kelly I want to be involved . ken you have to stay out of it . kelly what be you talk about ? this be my dad ! ken sorry , Kelly . go home , and I will call you when I know something . ( soften ) really , Kelly . go home . Ken and Chuck walk away . chuck man , she 's get gut , ask to work with we . Chuck be impressed with Kelly , and look over he shoulder at she . int . car -- later 47 Ken and Chuck be in a squad car on they way to the hacker 's house . Ken be look at the store along the way . chuck you tag along with I , you play by my rule . ( no answer from Ken ) so , you and Kelly have a thing go ? ken with Kelly ? she 's like my own daughter ! < beat > oh , I get it . I do not think you be she type . Chuck look at he strangely for a moment . chuck oh , really ? why ? because I be black ? ken no , because you be a asshole . ( continued ) olden rev . 48 49 10/17/97 ) 33 chuck well , at least you be not a racist . ken justice life around this corner . Chuck park the car , and they get out . ext . street -- continuous 48 Ken and Chuck be on they way up to the door of justice 's place . chuck he dangerous ? ken only if you be allergic to poor hygiene . chuck you just follow my lead ... ken I will watch the back door , just in case . they round the corner , and Chuck lead the way into a apartment building . int . computer hacker house -- moment later 49 the camera do a slow pan across the room . it be very dimly light , with the only real light source come from four or five computer monitor at one end . the place be a pit , fill with dirty clothes , trash , book , note , papers and everything else you can think of . lot of Star Trek , deep Space nine , alien stuff adorn the wall , floor and furniture . at one of the black , oversize monitor sit justice , a overweight man with thick glass . he be hold a bottle in front of himself , relieving himself . he then type on he ergonomic keyboard , and talk to himself while he do . he slide he chair over to another computer , slide a CD - rom into the machine , and start another program . justice I bet you be hot , be not you ? computer voice shall I take off my top ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 33A justice yeah , baby , you should definitely take off you top . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 34 insert on screen --justice click he mouse on the sexy girl 's image , and the top disappear . justice laugh , and a knock be hear 0.s. justice ( cont 'd ) damn ! do not cool off ! I will be right back . justice get up and go to the door . justice ( cont 'd ) who be it ? chuck ( 0.s. ) Police . I need to ask you some question . justice what kind of question ? chuck ( 0.s. ) just open the door , Sir . justice just a minute . he look frantically around the room , try to figure out what to do . he look over at the window , its shade draw , and make up he mind . justice ( cont 'd ) be right there . justice grab he bag off the floor and head for the window . he throw open the shade and slide the window back , then start to climb out . before he get too far , however , Ken 's face come into frame , next to justice . ken detective o'hara here , justice . remember I ? you go somewhere ? justice swallow hard and then edge back through the window . Ken follow he back in and then open the door for Chuck . ken ( cont 'd ) you look for he ? Chuck , piss off that Ken have the upper hand , grab and push justice into the middle of the room . chuck you mess with the wrong guy ! you be come with I ! ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 35 justice for what ? I do not do nothing ! chuck pack some petroleum jelly , computer boy . you be gonna need it ! Chuck grab he by the lapel and propel he across the room , slamming he into the wall . chuck ( cont 'd ) do not play dumb ! you do it ! justice you mean the bank computer ? I do not do anything ... chuck of course you do not ! he slam justice against the wall again . ken I be sorry , justice . detective burke and I do not necessarily see eye to eye . < beat > burke , I need he help with my investigation . justice I will help you ! i'1l help you ! chuck shut the hell up ! no way this scumbag be get out of this ! ken c'mon , he say he would help . you will help , right ? justice yeah ! yeah ! whatever you need ! Ken smile at Chuck , and they make eye contact -- they work well together . ken let 's sit down . they sit down , and Ken notice the virtual vixen on the computer screen . he touch the keyboard and she say computer voice take off my panty ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 36 chuck cool ! hey , man , what button do you push ? ken can you trace e-mail , graphic file and other message ? this be send to the station . justice sure . it 's not hard . Ken take a couple of diskettes out of he pocket and hand they to justice . Chuck , meanwhile , be look at the desk and the apartment in general . there be a big bottle , like a thermos , under the table . he pick it up , hefting it . chuck you live like a slob , man . how can you stand it ? justice pop one of the diskettes in and close down the erotic program . justice later , baby . wait for I . he pull up the first file and scan it quickly . justice ( cont 'd ) there 's no return address . can not do it . I have nothing to work from ... chuck ( hold up the bottle ) what 's this for ? justice that 's for my all nighter , so I do not have to leave my computer . chuck coffee ? justice urine . Chuck drop the bottle back onto the floor , make a disgust face and rub a handkerchief over he hand . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 37 chuck man , you nasty ! a alarm on the computer sound : justice watch , I can trace this message , cause it 's come in right now . he open up the piece of mail , and a picture of a moon fill the screen , then blood start to flow on it . justice ( cont 'd ) what the hell ...? he check the message , and it be not address to he . justice ( cont 'd ) you name Ken o'hara ? ken yeah . justice this one 's for you . Ken and Chuck share a look . chuck how could anyone know you be here ? a text message scroll down the screen . justice click on the " reply " button , then slide he chair to another computer . he flick on a printer , so that everything that come in be print out , and throw a storage tape into a machine . justice keep he " talk " -- type what you want to say then hit return . I can trace he from here . Ken be still scan the text . ken Holy shit . it be he . justice do it ! lose the connection and I lose he ! ken ( type ) who be you ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 38 justice click on a voice box , and as the text come in , a computer voice " read " it . a picture instantly computer voice you do not know ? ken what the hell be that ? justice speech synthesizer . ken I have a idea . ( type ) can you prove who you say you be ? computer voice how 's this ? fill the screen . one of the dead body . it be replace by another dead body . and another . justice Holy shit ! I almost get he ! keep he go ! ken why be you kill ? computer voice it 's a game to see who will win- - you two , or I . yes , I know Chuck burke be with you . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 50 39 chuck he know I be here ? Hell , he know everything ! justice get you , you son of a bitch ! chuck where ? justice Beijing ? no wait , tainan , Taiwan . no , that 's just a blind ... anchorage , Los Angeles ... this guy be good . justice 's hand race over the computer key . justice ( cont 'd ) I be printing all this out . Moscow , Berlin , man , even I could not do this ... ken you gonna find he or what ? justice get there . Miami , harrisburg , hold on ... bingo ! last location , 843 S. Main , # 2a . that 's ... chuck right around the corner . let 's go ! Chuck rip the paper from the printer , and Ken and Chuck run out of the apartment . ken keep talk to he ! justice slide he chair back to the original computer , and type a message . ext . street -- continuous 50 Chuck and Ken come bolting out of the apartment and take the step outside four at a time , run as fast as they can . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 51 40 Chuck and Ken race each other down the street . one gain the lead , then the other . Ken take a corner quick than Chuck , then Chuck beat he in the straight . they be hurry to the address , but they also want to win this race . chuck this way ! ken wrong ! they split up at a intersection , and as soon as Chuck leave , Ken hop onto the back of a truck , take he down the long length of straightaway . at the next intersection , he hop off and sprint down to the address , get there a beat before Chuck get there . Ken be not nearly as wind as Chuck , who be gasp as he try to catch he breath . chuck you be pretty quick , for a old , retire dick . they go up the step to the apartment . ken you forget " chickenshit " ... chuck I be not do ... int . apartment complex -- continuous 51 they get to the top of the stair , and stand panting outside the door , look at each other . Chuck pull out he gun , Ken do not . Chuck look at he strangely . chuck where 's you gun ? ken do not use one . chuck why the hell not ? ken you ready ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 52 41 chuck we gotta have a plan . ken I kick the door down , you go in first , secure the room . I cover you ass . chuck that 's the plan ? White bwana without a gun cover my ass ?!? I be gonna kick the door down . ken why ? chuck it 's you idea , that 's why . see you guy always send the brother in first . I do not think ... ken ok , let 's do it together . one ... two ... before he get to three , Ken kick the door in and yell ken ( cont 'd ) police ! freeze ! Chuck charge into the apartment . int . drug apartment -- continuous 52 Chuck be in first , sweeping the apartment with he gun . he have he gun on a group of six or seven drug dealer , who be stand in the middle of the room , transact some business . chuck nobody move ! where 's the computer ? unless you be grow , you better sit you ass down . nobody answer he . chuck ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be it ? there be still no response from the dealer . they have no idea what they be talk about -- and they be look at the door like they be expect more police to come in . chuck ( cont 'd ) go check in the back . I get this guy . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 41 a dealer who you talk to ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 42 chuck shut the hell up ! take the back . Chuck look around the apartment , still keep he gun train on the drug dealer . dealer you be all alone , my friend . Chuck smile , think that it be a scam , and he look to where Ken be suppose to be . he be not there ! Chuck look back at the door , and it be open and empty . chuck Ken ? dealer where 's you backup , detective ? chuck shut up ! I get you backup right here ! the drug dealer in the room , relax , realize Chuck be seriously outnumber . reaction shot on chuck , who cannot believe that he partner desert he . chuck ( cont 'd ) that chickenshit son of a bitch ! suddenly , a gun be point at Chuck 's head from behind and to the side . there be a guy behind Chuck , where Ken be suppose to be ! dealer seem like you pal leave you all alone , amigo . chuck he 's not my pal . look , you guy , I have get two s.w.a.t. team on they way up here right now ! dealer I do not think so , dipshit . chuck how about one s.w.a.t. team and a k9 unit ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 43 dealer say goodbye , asshole ! ken ( 0.s. ) Goodbye , asshole ! suddenly , Ken appear from behind the Dealer and disarm he , then the real fight begin . Ken and Chuck battle they in the apartment and together they be a force to be reckone with -- and the dealer be no match for they . chuck what take you so goddamn long ? ken I be wait for the right moment ... chuck I could have be kill ! ken I would not have wait that long ! they finish the dealer , handcuff they together . Chuck use the apartment phone to call for pickup . chuck yeah , pickup at 843 S. Main , # 2a. ( to Ken ) thanks , man . ken it be the least I could do . Chuck motion to the back of the apartment . chuck we gotta check for the computer ... ken not there . no computer . chuck you take the time to look ? Ken walk out of the apartment and Chuck follow . chuck ( cont 'd ) let I get this straight ...7 to 1 , and you looked for the computer ? olden rev . 53 10/17/97 ) 44 ext . drug apartment -- continuous 53 ken yeah . I do . get over it ! find it . they start down a hallway when Chuck hear something , come from behind a closet door . computer voice ( 0.s. ) cop asshole ! cop asshole ! cop asshole ! chuck what the hell ?!? Ken be there , and they be both stand outside the door . computer voice ( 0.s. ) cop asshole ! cop asshole ! cop asshole ! Ken nod at Chuck , and Chuck train he gun on the door . Ken fling it open and Chuck get ready to fire at ... a laptop computer , on the floor of the closet , hard wire to the telephone system . the laptop begin to shuffle a series of image , all of they of Ken and Chuck , separate or together . computer voice ( cont 'd ) you flatfoot be out of you league . give up or get dead ! see you soon . tight on computer : it run a video from the keystone cop , and the message be not lose on Chuck and Ken . then the computer explode in a flash ! olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 45 54 ext . apartment complex stair -- moment later 54 Ken and Chuck , load down with the burn out laptop computer and other paraphernalia , come walk down the stair . they get into they car , and drive off . 55 ext . street -- moment later 55 Ken drive off , and as he drive along , he spot a car follow they . he roar off , and the car behind follow suit . 55a ext . brooklyn bridge -- continuous 55a Ken 's car move across the bridge , with the other car follow . 56 int . squad car -- continuous 56 chuck what the hell be you do ? ken we have get company ... he continue drive , fast . 57 ext . street -- continuous 57 Ken speed around a corner , then take another corner fast . the other car follow quite closely . Ken 's car round another corner , and then come to a stop , block the street . the other car screech to a stop , and Ken be immediately out of he car and at the driver 's side door . it 's Kelly ! ken Kelly ! I think I tell you to go home . kelly I have to do something . chuck this be police business ... kelly save it , burke . it 's not illegal to follow you guy ! ken stay out of we way ! ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 45 a Ken and Chuck walk away to they car , while Kelly go to hers . they drive off , and Kelly follow . olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 58 59 60 46 ext . street -- later 58 Ken and Chuck be drive around , follow up lead , and Kelly be follow they . ext . strip bar -- later 59 Chuck and Ken pull up to a xxx Strip bar , and get out of they car . think that Kelly will not follow they in , they slap hand and go inside . Kelly pull up , think for a minute , then get out of she car and follow they in . int . strip bar -- continuous 60 Ken and Chuck think they be slick , walk through the dim strip bar . two stripper be up on stage , bump and grind , and a group of low life be crowded around the beat up bar . then , the door open again and Kelly come in ! she walk right up to Ken and Chuck , watch the stripper . Ken and Chuck react to she , then walk away from she a little bit . kelly you come here a lot , uncle Ken ? I think you say you be go to church ... a group of thug sit up at attention , watch Kelly . ken I be get real tired of this follow the leader shit . they start to walk out of the bar . kelly uncle Ken , do not leave yet ! this girl still have they pasty on ! Ken do not even turn around while he walk toward the door . a group of thug watch Kelly carefully as she follow Ken and Chuck . the thug start towards Kelly , cut she off . Chuck see this and get ready to help she out . chuck should not we ...? ( continued ) olden rev . 60 a 61 10/17/97 ) 46 a ken she will not need it . let 's go back to the car ... the thug start to bother Kelly , and all she be try to do be get through they to continue follow Ken and Chuck . two conflict desire , and the inevitable happen - - a fight start . chuck but ... ken she do not need you help , Chuck . it will not last long . she 's a former national champion ! she handle they , Kelly be truly masterful , and just before it 's over , Ken and Chuck head out the door . excite by Kelly 's fight , a whole group of bar patron have also start a fight , and Kelly can not get through the punch and hit . Kelly finish up she fight , and go to the front door . on she way , she be force to hit and knock out a couple of other guy . ext . time square strip bar -- later 60 a Kelly come out of the strip bar and see Ken 's car pull away . there 's no way to follow they now . kelly damn it ! insert : over the shoulder shot of the killer , who be watch all of this . omitted 61 olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 47 62 int . police station -- night 62 Ken and Chuck be back in Chuck 's office , tremendously piss off . they be both bitching and moan . ken he 's stay a step ahead of we . chuck I want to find this bastard so bad ! ken he 's get to be leave something behind -- everyone make mistake . chuck not this psycho , not yet . ken check the print -out , maybe we miss something ... Chuck pull out the computer paper . chuck it 's all the standard stuff ... you talk to he , he bait you . he 's get a wit , this one . ken do not give he too much credit , ok ? do not give he a personality . serial killer fit a profile -- white , 30 and 40s , certain definable experience , child abuse , deviant sexuality ... ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 48 chuck just make conversation , man . spare the profiling lecture , ok ?... hold on , I never see this before . ken what ? chuck the last line of he message . " say goodbye to Jim , gene and the heroes . there 's blood on the moon . " what the hell do that mean ? ken get I . the ranting of a lunatic mind . chuck maybe they have something in common ? Jim nabor , gene hackman , hogan 's heroes . nothing there . ken you mind work in weird way . Jim carrey . carrey gene . carrey 's heroes ? chuck he 's go after someone name carrey ? ken shit , this be nut . c'mon , let 's get something to eat . Chuck pick up the phone . chuck I be gonna check on Kelly ... ken ok . I can feel the son of a bitch laugh at we ... Ken gather up he stuff , then stop . ken ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . Kelly ! chuck yeah . I be check on Kelly . ken Jim Kelly , the guy from " enter the Dragon , " gene Kelly , and Kelly 's heroes . ( more ) ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 62a 62b 63 49 ken ( cont 'd ) he 's go after she ... with while we be chase he ghost ... int . kelly apartment -- continuous 62a the phone be ringing , but there 's no one home . int . police station -- continuous 62b chuck ( cont 'd ) there 's no answer ! they run out of the station . int . kelly apartment -- later 63 Kelly come into she apartment , put down she thing . she go into the kitchen and put on a pot of tea , then decide to get a shower . Kelly go into the bathroom and start to undress . the killer , however , be already in the apartment and stalking she , but she do not know it . the killer be get closer , but she still have no idea . when the killer be just about to go into the bathroom , about to strike ... the door thunder once , then explode inside . Kelly grab a robe , and rush out of the bathroom . as she leave the bathroom , the killer go into the bathroom ! the killer be now go , with no sign to say that he be there . it 's just Ken and Chuck , crash into she house . ken you ok ? kelly what the hell do you think you be do ? ken check the back , I have get this side . they split up , carefully check the room . no one be there , and Kelly be furious . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 49 a kelly you can not just barge in like this ... ken we think you be in danger ... Chuck come back to the main room . chuck all clear . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 50 kelly I be not in any danger , except from you guy . chuck you should put on some clothes or you be in danger of catch a bad cold ... Kelly punch Chuck in the gut , double he over . kelly it 's not funny ! ken you be right , but we get a message from the killer and he say you be next . we get over here as soon as we could . Ken hold up the computer print - out , then throw it down on the couch . close up of print out on the couch . ken ( cont 'd ) he get we again , chase we tail . chuck we be here to save you , you know ... kelly you be ? ken yeah . kelly ok . do I a favor , will you ? chuck sure. kelly knock next time . now , get the hell out of here . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 64 51 Kelly just stand there , stare at they both , point at the door . chuck we would love to stick around , but we gotta get go . right , Ken ? ken you get my pager number ? kelly yes , uncle Ken . I have all you number . she shepherd they out , then close the door behind they , shaking she head . kelly ( cont 'd ) too damn macho . she start go back to the bathroom , to continue she shower , unaware that the killer be wait for she inside . as she get to the threshold of the bathroom , the teapot she put on whistle . Kelly stop and go toward the Kitchen . she take the whistling teapot off the hot burner , and when she turn around , the killer attack ! the killer and Kelly fight . Kelly be good , but she be no match for the killer . Kelly be lose , and if she do not turn it around , she be go to be kill . ext . kelly apartment hallway -- continuous 64 Ken and Chuck be walk down the hallway , back to she front door . ken I can not believe I leave that printout behind . chuck no shit , it 's evidence . Ken be about to just open the door and walk in , but Chuck stop he . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 65 66 67 68 69 52 chuck ( cont 'd ) eh , eh , eh. I would not do that . we gotta knock first . ken right . he knock lightly , worried about disturbing she . int . kelly apartment -- continuous 65 the fight be raging . they break some thing in the kitchen , and the sound be loud . ext . kelly apartment hallway -- continuous 66 they hear the sound of the fight within , look at each other , then burst through the door . int . kelly apartment -- continuous 67 they come in and see the killer fight with Kelly . immediately , the killer slam Kelly through a window , then take off , past Ken and out the door . Ken give chase , while Chuck go to check on Kelly . ext . apartment hallway -- continuous 68 the killer be in the hallway . Ken give chase and the killer and he fight in the hallway in front of a vend machine . Chuck come out and draw he gun . the killer use the vend machine as a shield , and force Chuck back into the apartment . Chuck get a couple of shot off , but they bounce off the vend machine . the killer go out the window and down the fire escape . ext . apartment complex -- continuous 69 Ken come out on the fire escape at the 7th floor , and the killer be already on the 3rd floor . Ken come down a pipe , slide like a fireman . they fight on the fire escape . the killer swing and slam into a metal trash can , echoing with a metal on metal SOUND . Chuck come onto the 7th floor landing , and pull he gun . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 70 71 72 53 he squeeze off a couple of shot , but the shot miss . the killer jump through the window onto the 3rd floor . int . apartment 3rd floor hallway -- continuous 70 the killer run down the hallway , and go into a apartment , break down the door . Ken give chase . int . strange apartment -- continuous 71 the killer be inside , and he go through the apartment window , landing on a truck go by outside . Ken , stunne , have no choice - - he try the same thing , follow the killer almost at the same time . ext . street -- continuous 72 the killer land on the move truck , and Ken stop himself , hang outside the window . angle on ken Ken be hang in mid air as the truck move away . angle on killer as he drive away killer it 's not you time yet , detective o'hara . ( continued ) olden rev . 73 10/17/97 ) 54 Chuck run up to where Ken be hang , and help he back into the apartment . ken he could have kill I . Said it be not my time ... Chuck help Ken up , and walk he carefully out of the street . int . police station -- day 73 Ken and Chuck be sit at they new computer , marvel at what they can do . justice be stand there , after have install they . chuck yes ! you put the naked lady on this one ? justice just try to make you happy , detective . gotta run ! hey , who 's the babe ? they turn and see Kelly walk in . she stop in front of they . ken Kelly ! what be you do here ? where 's the uniform assign to protect you ? kelly I be work on this case with you , Ken . I be a target , where would I be safer than with you two ? take I along or I will just follow you . you know that , uncle Ken . Chuck look to Ken for confirmation . Ken nod reluctantly . chuck she 's get a point . she 's a target now . ken promise to stay out of we way ? kelly you get it , uncle Ken . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 74 75 75 a 76 55 chuck promise you will not ever call I uncle Chuck ? Kelly nod . chuck ( cont 'd ) cool . let 's run through the victim list again . they go over to where all the victim be tack up toa bulletin board . ext . street -- day 74 a montage of the three of they follow up clue together . as they be walk down a street , Ken spot a small specialty shop , and motion for Chuck and Kelly to wait for a second . ken I will be right back out . he go inside , point to something in the window , and pay for it . he come right back out . ken ( cont 'd ) ( sheepishly ) my daughter , lauren , she love little pin . this will look cute on she ... tight on pin . chuck that 's cute . I have one just like that at home ... they continue walk . int . chinese medicine store -- day 75 Ken , Chuck and Kelly walk into a chinese medicine store , and we can see they walk around inside , talk to the owner . ext . fake shaolin school -- day 75a Ken , Kelly and Chuck go into a fake shaolin Temple - like school . int . martial art school -- day 76 Ken , Chuck and Kelly pull up in the squad car , and walk inside the chinese school , which be fill with kid . they ask the instructor some question . olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 55 a 77 int . police station -- day Kelly and Chuck be work together on one computer , and we can tell that Chuck be interested in Kelly through he action in this montage . ( continued ) 77 olden rev . 78 78a 79 10/17/97 ) 56 Ken be work with photo and x-ray of the wound of the victim . he be measure the wound , and compare they with the metal trash can on he desk ( from the encounter with the killer ) . the wound on the picture match up with the dent in the trash can . ext . prison -- day 78 Ken , Chuck and Kelly walk up to the front of the prison and go inside . ext . street -- day 78a Ken , Chuck and Kelly be walk along the street . someone come up to they , map in hand , and ask for direction . they give he the direction , and the man thanks they , then walk away . when he get a little way away , he turn around and look back . it be the killer , smile ! we freeze frame . int . restaurant -- night 79 Ken and Chuck together , sit at a table in a restaurant . they be just relax , fool around . Chuck be do a magic trick , and Ken be laugh as Chuck make the water disappear in a glass right in front of he eye . they have not completely become great friend , but they be get there . ken he do not spring from nowhere . this guy have to have train . he 's too good ! chuck no one teach kill people . ken he 's testing different kill method . we believe the art effectiveness , but he 's actually try it out . he 's get a list of victim ... chuck and we just make the top forty . ken I have get the feel that he 's almost do . I just wish we know the sequence . who be next . he pause for a beat , look into he glass of beer . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 56 a chuck why would you quit , Ken ? Ken look at he for a long moment , try to measure why Chuck be ask . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 57 finally , he sigh and resign himself to tell the story , maybe for the very first time . ken I be work serial , like you . I track the bastard , get inside he head , he have kill 10 by then , and I take he down . but I have see too much , do too much . I just never want to experience that kind of evil again . do not want it in my life ... chuck he mess you up pretty good , right ? ken almost kill I . kill my marriage too . I be try to salvage it , but ... you see for yourself ... Chuck nod , remember the scene at Ken 's house . chuck I be marry , long time ago . when I be in the academy . it end badly , and I blame it on the job , but that be not it . I just do not try hard enough . ken too bad . chuck I do not know much about you , Ken , but you do not seem like the kind of guy to give up . be I right ? ken yeah , I guess . chuck then , you should not give up on you marriage , man . to this day , my only regret be that I do not save my marriage , when I could have . all I have to do be call she ... they sit in silence for a moment . chuck ( cont 'd ) all you have to do be call she . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 58 ken how be this parable about you suddenly about I ? chuck the moral of the story be just give she a call , see if you can save it . you get the chance . take it . ken maybe I will . chuck you have get motive , and you have get opportunity . you be guilty . he point to a line of phone at the back of the bar . Ken look at the phone , then back at Chuck . ken you know nothing about I . chuck do not want to know any more . believe I . Chuck produce a coin from Ken 's ear . chuck ( cont 'd ) tell you what . here 's a ordinary quarter . if it land head , you call she . deal ? Ken nod , and Chuck flip it . it come up head , and Ken lose . Ken nod , grab the coin from Chuck , go to the phone . Ken start to put the coin in the slot , then realize it be a two head coin . he smile and throw the coin back to Chuck , then dig a quarter out of he pocket and dial . ken megan ? it 's I . can we get together and talk ? Ken look over he shoulder at Chuck , who be still look at he . ken ( cont 'd ) yeah , all of we . I want to try . Kelly walk into the restaurant , carry some package . Chuck hand she a glass of wine and toast . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 58a kelly to what ? chuck to true romance ! they share a toast , with Ken in the b.g. olden rev . 80 81 82 10/17/97 ) 59 ext . cityscape -- morning 80 the moon be set , and the sun be rise . the sky be blood red . ext . riverfront mall -- later 81 Ken , megan and lauren be walk together . Ken and he wife be talk , while lauren be watch all the activity . Shots of : Ken and lauren play video game Ken and megan watch lauren play a game eat some cotton candy play volleyball on the beach . bumper car . Shopping try on goofy hat , etc . as they be walk , Ken stop , remember the pin . he give lauren the pin he buy while with Chuck , put it on she sweater . megan you seem different , Ken . well , not different , more like the old Ken . ken I tell you , I be try ... they continue walk around the mall , and Ken and megan hold hand . ext . boardwalk -- evening 82 it 's the end of the day . lauren be bounce in the amusement area behind they , while Ken be walk with megan . megan spot a bench . megan can you sit for a little while , please ? ken I would like that . they sit down on the bench , side by side . they both want to talk , but neither know how to begin . Ken be play with the pin he give lauren , which be on the sweater she be wear . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) Ken look he . 60 ken ( cont 'd ) megan ... I know it 's be tough , and I have not be try hard enough . I want to change that . megan you know , it be never about not loving you . at she , surprised . he think she have stop loving ken I do not know how to explain it . I ... just shut off the world ... megan you shut I out , and I can not , I refuse , to live like that . ken it be the biggest mistake I ever make . I will not do that again -- I need you support , all the time . megan you have it . you always have . ken so , what do you say ? can we live together , a family . megan I want to try . ken I too . how about move back in this weekend ? I will try to free up from this case to help . megan sound like a plan . lauren would love to move back home ... ken how about you ? megan yeah , I too . Ken and megan share a tender , beautiful kiss . lauren run up and be overjoy by the sight of they kiss . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 83 61 lauren smile happily , content . in the middle of this kiss , Ken 's beeper go off . ken damn ! he look at the beeper , and click it off . ken ( cont 'd ) sorry . megan that 's ok . come with the territory . ken do not forget ! this weekend . megan this weekend . be careful . ken you get it . he hand lauren over to megan , and they sit on the porch , watch he go . megan kiss lauren on the forehead , and smooth she hair . int . office -- later 83 Ken , Chuck and Kelly show up at the crime scene . Ken and Chuck immediately take control of the situation , while Kelly hang back . the body be on the floor , cover with a sheet . chuck talk to I . officer another one , detective . no weapon , no print , no witness , nothing . while Chuck be talk to the Officer , Ken be look around the crime scene . Chuck lift the sheet off the body , grimace , then put it back . officer ( cont 'd ) oh , there 's something write on the floor . I could not make it out ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 84 62 chuck thanks . we will look around for a while . Chuck and Ken immediately look at the blood pool around the body . there do indeed seem to be letter scrawle on the ground , in the blood . chuck ( cont 'd ) can you read it ? ken no. you ? chuck it look like a " C " and a " a ... " ( to photographer ) get some good shot of this , and blow they up for I , ok ? the photographer nod . Kelly be off at the back of the room , and she notice the picture frame knock off the wall . she bend over and carefully , wear glove , place they back on the wall . one prominent picture be miss , and there be blood on the wall where it be . kelly what do you make of this ? there 's blood on the wall . now he 's interested . chuck the mystery picture . who do you think be in it ? ken get a shot of the wall , and as soon as the scene be process , get this picture over to the office too , ok ? you do good , Kelly . int . police station -- day 84 Ken , Chuck and Kelly be together in a large meeting stare at the picture of the crime scene . one of the picture , blow up very big , be the letter write in the blood . it 's obvious that the letter be C -h-a . ona bulletin board next to the picture they be write out all the possible " cha " word . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 63 chuck I tell you , he 's try to write the killer 's name . one list be possible last name ( like champlaign , etc . ) . they have a phone book out open to the cha page . Kelly read the list of " ch " name : kelly Chamberlain . Chambers . chambless . chameleon ... ken it do not ring right . chuck he 's not write Champagne , that 's for sure . Kelly pull out a dog-eare dictionary , and leaf through the page . kelly maybe he 's spelling something else . chamber , chamberlain , chambermaid ... ken the chambermaid do it ... kelly chamber music , chambray , chameleon ... chamfer , chaoisa , chamomile , champ , champagne , champion ... ken wait a minute ! chuck Champion ! Son of a bitch ! ken it be right here the whole time . kelly what ? chuck all the victim be or be champion . he 's kill they all . he go to the victim ' photograph on the wall . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 64 chuck ( cont 'd ) box . wrestling . tough man. karate . kendo. kickbox . shit ! this be all champion -- but they would not have fight each other . they have they own competition . Ken be silent for a moment , then raise he head to look directly at Chuck . ken they fight together once . chuck huh ? ken yeah , and the link be she father , my instructor . chuck what be you talk about ? ken you hear of the master 's challenge ? chuck damn it ! ken remember the tag line ? kelly " the tournament of champion " they look at each other . they have make the connection , now they have to find the killer . chuck I have get some magazine with that picture in it . he pull a magazine out of he drawer , and leaf through it . he find the picture he be look for . chuck ( cont 'd ) here it be ! kelly that 's it . this be the photo from the master 's challenge . chuck recognize anyone ? ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 85 65 ken most of they be stare at steel , in drawer at the morgue . think we boy be in this picture ? int . police station -- later 85 the picture from the master 's challenge be blow up very big and tack up on the wall . six of the champion be already dead , and there be two leave . Ken go up to the blow up picture , with a red pen in he hand . as he say the name of each victim , he put a red cross across they face . ken Eddie cunningham , boxer . victim . dutch schultz , tough man . victim . kurt mckinney , point karate . Mark cramer , kickbox , victim . master tokaido , victim . Kevin Haley , judo , victim . Ken circle two of the head , man not account for . ken ( cont 'd ) who be this guy ? Chuck come into the room , a file in he hand . chuck the first guy be Chad Atkins , kung fu stylist , disqualified during the tournament of champion for excessive contact . break some poor guy 's rib . ken I like he so far . chuck do not fall in love , it would be a tough arrest . Computer say he die in a car accident three year ago . ken shit . just then , Chief hutchin come into the room for a update . hutchin so , what 's the story ? chuck six murder . ( more ) ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 66 chuck ( cont 'd ) of the remain two in the picture , one be dead , car crash , confirm . ken that leave this guy , Willie namath . he fit the profile - - age , height and weight . Kelly , you recognize he ? kelly no . it happen too fast , and ... I do not know ... chuck this namath guy have a sheet you would not believe . he 's be pick up a bunch of time for assault , and even do time for assault with intent to kill . ken no model citizen . officer it get worse . we have he here last month on something unrelated . could not hold he ... ken fuck I ... chuck we will not let he go this time hutchin he 's we guy , right ? chuck everything point to he , Chief . hutchin let 's get he . I will set up the strike team . kelly I do not know . something be not right ... nobody listen to she . Chuck and Ken grab they gun and be get ready to leave . Kelly go out with they . 86 ext . police station -- later 86 Ken and Chuck be hurry down to the squad car , Kelly in pursuit . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 87 87a 67 they get to the car , ready to hop inside . kelly do I get a gun ? Ken turn around , shocked that she be even there . ken sorry , Kelly . you can not go along . you will have to stay here until we find this guy . kelly you say yourself I be safer with you two . chuck yeah , but we be walk into the valley of the shadow of death here . we will not be able to protect you . kelly you know I can take care of myself . ken discussion 's over , decision 's be make . it 's for you own good , kell . kelly right . that must be why I feel so good . ken let 's go . Chuck and Ken leave , and Kelly stay behind , fume . she be not happy with the situation . she watch they leave . we stay on Kelly , as she watch out the window . ext . police station -- moment later 87 cop be load up into squad car , they light flash . Kelly , despondent , walk off in a completely other direction . she do not go back into the police station like they ask she to . we hold on Kelly as she walk off . ext . ken house -- later 87a a u-haul pull up in front of Ken 's house . megan be drive , and she get out , then go to the passenger side . lauren get out , and they start to move they thing back into Ken 's house . ( continued ) olden rev . 87b 88 10/17/97 ) 67a they house , again . she pull out a cellular phone and dial it , send a page to Ken . omitted 87b ext . guy house -- later 88 Ken and Chuck be outside the house , back by a swat team in the yard , and around the side . Ken and Chuck nod at each other , and double time it to the front door . they get up on the porch , and pause for a moment . olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 89 90 91 68 int . house -- continuous 89 Chuck kick the door open , and come through quickly , scan the room with he eye and he gun . the guy be sit at a desk , and as soon as he see Chuck , he sprint for the stair . Ken come into the house , and together they chase the guy up the stair . omitted 90 int . second floor balcony -- continuous 91 ( continued ) olden rev . 92 10/17/97 ) 69 Ken and Chuck chase the guy out onto the balcony and attack . Ken and Chuck get hit , and a fight start . the man be a pretty good fighter , but he be no match for Ken and Chuck . they subdue he fairly quickly , just in time for the swat team to storm into the area , they weapon draw . they surround the man , even though the man be already handcuff and defeat . chuck thanks , guy . I think we can take it from here . int . dance club -- day 92 Kelly be sit in the dance bar , alone . she be drink , still depressed and frustrated by not be involved . there be lot of people around she , dance and party . her mood be in stark contrast to the party go on around she . a distinctive beep sound , 0.s. , and Kelly look up to see what it be . off in one portion of the bar be a metal detector , and someone have go through the bar 's metal detector , and set it off . killer it 's a metal joint , in my hand ... Kelly watch the person , and when he turn around Kelly see the killer , recognize he ! it 's Chad Atkins from the picture ! flashback to the picture . the man who the computer say be dead ! his metal finger be set the metal detector off ! ( continued ) olden rev . 93 94 10/17/97 ) 70 as soon as Kelly see the killer , the killer see she . this time , however , the killer do not stop . he 's go after Kelly . the killer turn to where Kelly be sit , and she be no longer there . angle on kelly who be hide on the dance get lose in the crowd . the killer come through the crowd , search for she . Kelly move through the crowd , look behind she , anxious . the killer , stalking she . the music abruptly stop , and the dance floor clear of dancer . the killer spot Kelly and move towards she , grab she by the shirt , lift she up off the chair ! it 's not Kelly ! he scan the crowd for Kelly , she 's nowhere to be see . he too exit the building . ext . parking lot -- continuous 93 the killer look around the parking lot . no one be there . there be a couple of party goer , laugh and happy . Kelly be not there . the killer , know that he have to leave , go to he car in the parking lot . he start he car and drive off the lot , pull into traffic . as soon as he leave the parking lot , Kelly sit up in the driver 's seat of she car . she start she car and follow he . ext . street -- moment later 94 shot of the killer 's car come down the street , follow at a safe distance by Kelly 's car . ( continued ) olden rev . 94a 94b 95 96 10/17/97 ) 71 it be a very run down house in a run down neighborhood . none of the window be break , but the place match the rest of the house on the street . the killer drive home , and go inside in a hurry . Kelly drive up and park , watch and wait . she start to get out of she car as soon as he be inside , but he come out of he house right away ! ext . guy house -- later 94a the police car be load up and pull off . ext . killer house -- later 94b Kelly be out of she car , watch the house . the killer suddenly come back out , he clothes change , get into he car again and roar off . Kelly wait for a moment , watch the street all the while , then run to get into the garage right before the garage door go down . int . killer house -- continuous 95 Kelly be make she way through the house , look in various room . it be all very spooky , very frightening . the house be well keep inside , but very old . she be explore , look for clue , evidence , anything . Kelly come across a phenomenal computer set up , acupuncture dummy , and a bulletin board fill with picture of the killing , news clipping , list upon list of victim , and so on . kelly will the mystery guest please sign in ? she pick up the phone next to the computer and dial a number . int . squad car -- continuous 96 Ken and Chuck be riding in they car , return to the station . ken seem a little easy , do not you think ? chuck Way too easy . the guy barely fight back , and he be not much of a fighter ... ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 71 a just then , Ken 's receive a beeper message . he look down at the alphanumeric display . it read : " found real killer . 132 Lynn Ave . I be inside , hurry . Kelly . " ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 97 98 99 100 72 ken shit ! let 's go ! ext . street -- continuous 97 Ken and Chuck 's car do a 180 and roar off in the opposite direction . int . killer house -- continuous 98 Kelly be still search through the house . it 's creepy , but she have to keep look . all the room so far have be desert . she open a door , and a figure come out of the closet at she ! she scream , only to see that the " figure " be a coat on a hangar that fall from the closet . she breathes a sigh of relief and close the closet . to come face to face with the killer ! killer well , Kelly . how nice to see you again . kelly ( frighten , stammer ) have we meet ? killer do not be coy . I have do some research on you career . you be a national champion , right ? kelly that 's right . killer how interesting . he smile . ext . street -- continuous 99 Ken and Chuck be in the car , careen through the street , try to get to the killer 's house as soon as they can . int . killer house -- continuous 100 slam ! Kelly go fly back against the wall , hit it with incredible force ! the killer , still smile , advance on she . olden rev . 101 102 103 104 10/17/97 ) 73 int . squad car -- continuous Ken be drive fast . chuck hit it ! ken call for backup ! ext . street -- continuous the car careen around the corner , fly down the street . ext . killer house -- moment later Ken and Chuck pull up to the house . all be quiet . they run up to the house , and kick the door in . int . killer house -- continuous they rush into the house , Chuck 's gun draw , flashlight light , pierce the gloomy inside . chuck Police ! Kelly ! no answer . they go into the house . in the first room , they find the computer set up . it 's even more impressive than what justice have . several computer monitor be on , complete with all kind of support hardware . as they go into the room , Kelly 's body fall out of a closet , landing on the floor with a thud ! ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 olden rev . 105 106 10/17/97 ) 74 Chuck reach Kelly , and touch she . she 's cold ! chuck ( cont 'd ) oh , no . Chuck put a hand up to he mouth , try to block out the image . Ken snap he head up , see Kelly . ken no ! Ken go over to where Kelly be , and just as he get there , he hear the computer behind he . killer voice a lovely family you have , Ken . Ken whip he head around to look at the computer . a new picture come up , and it be of Ken , he wife and daughter -- obviously take during they afternoon out . then , the picture of Ken turn into the picture of the killer , and he pull out a knife to kill the wife and daughter . killer voice ( cont 'd ) someone have to take care of you family , Ken . Ken run to the computer and immediately snatch up the phone to call he wife , to warn she . int . ken house -- continuous 105 the phone be ringing , and megan come out of the dining room , where she be talk , to answer the phone . she be smile as she pick up the phone , very at ease . megan hello ? int . killer house -- continuous 106 ken megan ? be you ok ? olden rev . 107 108 109 110 1414 10/17/97 ) int . ken house -- continuous megan I be fine . this be so like you , let someone else do the dirty work . ken what be you talki megan you friend get here about a hour ago , tell I you could not get away , and help I move everything no about ? in ... int . killer house -- continuous ken what friend ? < beat > megan , listen to I . where be he now ? int . ken house -- continuous megan , still hold the phone , lean back to look into the live room . the killer be sit with L she be smile and talk happily , and the killer seem to be fully concentrate on the yo megan pull back into the ki megan he 's sit next get along ... int . killer house -- continu Ken cut she off . ken if you can get awa do not let on anything 's wrong , and I will be there right awa hurt you , megan . you . int . ken house -- continuous megan I be scared , Ken . auren , ung girl . tchen . to lauren . ous y , do it . y . I will not I promise . he arm around she . they're if not , let he I love 75 107 108 109 110 1414 olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 76 112 int . killer house -- continuous 112 ken I know , baby . I will be right there . megan ( in phone ) do not hang up , let I call lauren . she turn to look back into the live room , and come face to face with the killer , who be stand with he arm around lauren . killer be that my good buddy , Ken ? let I talk to he ... he take the phone away from she , smile . killer ( cont 'd ) come for I , Ken . I be wait in the Forge . by the way , it 's just we now , no one else . just you , or they be dead . the killer hang up . Ken stand there for a moment , look at the phone . Chuck , stand next to he , have hear the entire conversation . Ken grab the computer and be about to smash it down on the floor when Chuck stop he . chuck Ken , that 's evidence . ken there 's not go to be a trial . Ken slam the computer down onto the hard floor , and it shatter into a million piece . Ken start out of the house . Chuck start to follow he , but Ken whip around and stop he . ken ( cont 'd ) it 's just I and he now . chuck bullshit . we be a team , man . I be go with you . ken no , you be not . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 76a Ken start for the door , and Chuck grab he shoulder . chuck we be cop , man . we do not do this ! Ken grab Chuck , and Chuck grab he . they come together , face to face . ken this be my family here ! I can not take the chance ... he push Chuck back , and he stumble and end up on the couch . Ken head for the front door . when Ken get to the front door , Chuck call out ... chuck Ken ! Ken turn around , ready for a battle . Chuck pull he gun out of he holster . then turn it around and throw it to Ken . chuck ( cont 'd ) kick he ass ! Ken acknowledge Chuck as he catch the gun , then run out the door . olden rev . 113 114 115 116 10/17/97 ) omitted ext . street -- later Ken be in the car , rush to the Forge . ext . the forge -- later 77 Ken 's car come flying up the road to the Forge , dust plume behind it . loom in front of they be a abandon warehouse / factory complex . the only other car there be megan's . Ken hop out of the car , check megan 's car , then they both run up to the entrance of the Forge . int . the forge -- continuous they go in . ( continued ) 113 114 115 116 olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 78 Ken walk into the forge , and there , with he back turn , be the killer . wait for he . Ken move forward , carefully but still quite fast . Ken have Chuck 's gun draw , and he be ready to shoot . he advance on the killer , who still have he back turn . killer greeting ! you would not shoot I in the back , would you ? ken ( under he breath ) shit ! killer especially when I be the only one who know where Ken 's lovely wife and daughter be . they hold in this position for a beat , and Ken , the frustration evident in he face , fire the gun , empty it . angle on the killer the shot all land , right next to the killer 's head . he turn around , a huge smile on he face . killer ( cont 'd ) welcome to hell . ken where be they ? killer I do not want they , I want you . ken they be not champion , they be innocent . killer they be part of the plan , Ken . just like you and I . ken you grand plan ?!? ( more ) ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 78a ken ( cont 'd ) man , we figure you out long ago -- you could not hack it as a fighter , so you start kill the real champion . the psychologist say something about penis envy . ( continued ) olden rev. 10/17/97 ) 79 -80 killer banter all you want , the end game have begin . he whirl and take off . Ken give chase , and they fight for a brief moment , then the killer disappear . Ken look around , move through the forge . the killer appear again , and they fight some more . the killer be lead he somewhere . the killer then disappear again . vanish . angle on ken he be look through the factory complex . he pass through cavernous room , and small office area , the glass in the window and light long since smashed . he do not see anything or anyone out of the ordinary . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 81 Ken continue search , and he come to a decrepit section of the Forge , and across the floor Ken see ... the killer stand with he back to Ken . megan and lauren be tie up in the b.g. , in a showplace position behind the killer . a bundle be strapped to the wall behind they . Ken move back into the shadow of the wall , hope that the killer do not see he . there be no indication that he have see he , but then the killer say . killer ( cont 'd ) come closer , detective o'hara . Ken advance on the killer . the killer have a timer in he hand , and he hold it up . killer ( cont 'd ) Far enough . I have place a crude bomb next to you wife and daughter . we have 15 Minutes for the Grand championship match . life or death , it 's in you hand . the killer press the button on the timer , the red LED number begin to count down . killer ( cont 'd ) there 's no go back now . shall we begin ? angle on lauren and megan they be struggle with they bond , but it 's no use . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 82 angle on ken he see the situation , and know that he have to fight . the killer settles into a fight stance . ken they be nothing to you . killer exactly , but they be everything to you . now you have the motivation to fight I with everything you have . you be like the samurai , ready to die . ken I hope you be ready to die , motherfucker . Ken walk up close to he , and assume a fight position . they fight ! the killer kiais loudly and attack . as the fight go on , it become clear that Ken be overmatch , and he be go to lose . Ken be a superb fighter , but so be the killer . the killer get hit a little bit , but he be do more damage to Ken that he be take . it 's go to take a little time , but Ken be go to lose . and that mean he be go to die , and so be he wife and daughter . killer I still have not meet my match . ken you be go to meet you maker . killer not today . they continue to fight , and it be spectacular . but , Ken be lose . only by a little bit , but the killer be just a little faster , a little better . he be no match for the killer , who be a phenomenal fighter . the killer sense that he have the advantage , and start to take the fight to ken. soon , Ken be in real trouble , and the killer be set he up for the kill . angle on timer : it 's get close . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 83 angle on megan and lauren they be terrify . angle on ken and killer Ken be helpless , and the killer reach back , prepare the kill strike , a smile on he face . the killer strike the kill blow , and ... Chuck come out of nowhere and kick , block the strike . the killer still hit Chuck in the leg , and he collapse on the ground . chuck go after they ! the killer , enraged , attack Chuck , hit he at will . Ken , meanwhile , head for lauren and megan . the killer spot Ken run for he family , and leave Chuck , cut Ken off . killer you could not save Kelly , you partner , you family ... and you can not save yourself ... they fight each other , and the heaven open . lighting flash and the god watch , the fate of the world in the balance . Ken , unbelievably , be get the upper hand . he be take a great deal of punishment , but it 's with a purpose . he be take a shot to give a better shot , and for the first time in he kill spree , the killer be hurt . soon , Ken be take less punishment , and meting out more . angle on timer : it's almost gone ! the killer start look for somewhere to escape , to get away from this fight machine that do not care about pain , about injury . ken nowhere to run , asshole . he slam the killer over and over , finally finish he off with a series of beautiful technique . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 83a angle on timer : 30 second left ! Ken step over the killer on he way to save megan and lauren , when the killer rear up and grab Ken 's leg , try to stop he . Ken turn back to he and put he away , for good this time . ( continued ) olden rev . 10/17/97 ) 84 he turn and run to where megan and lauren be . angle on timer : 10 second ! megan no ! there 's no time ! Ken keep come . megan ( cont 'd ) stop ! back up ! no ! she know the bomb be go to go off , and she want to save Ken . angle on timer : 5 second ! Ken will have none of it . he run to they , loosen the rope and grab they , try to shield they from the force of the bomb ! angle on timer : countdown to zero ! the bomb explode ! Ken throws megan and lauren to the ground , protect they from the blast . but the blast be not what they expect . it 's no bomb at all -- it 's a firework , that have throw million of piece of silver confetti into the air . it 's beautiful , and it 's harmless . they be alive , and they be unhurt . Ken go to they , throw he arm around they . Chuck appear in the midst of the silver shower , smile and hold up he hand . he be hurt , but still alive . killer voice ( v.0 . ) no slaughter of the innocent , o'hara . the killer 's voice be a small , digital recorder , link to the package . the camera pull back , revealing the entire Forge , Chuck and the killer in the foreground , Ken and he family . fade out