screenplay by Corey mandell first draft october , 1998 ext . barren mountainous region -- dusk the sky glow deep crimson as the sun start to sink below the horizon , casting shadow over ... a small group of native people , clad in animal skin , congregat outside a remote cave . they head reverently bow , while -- parson staffer and the monster descend from the sky , raise a great cloud of dust kill all man , but for a very few ... his gaze sweep across the youngster , drilling into they head parson staffer ( cont would ) as survivor , we must dedicate we life to pleasing the god , so they may return and drive away the monster . turn a sharp eye back to jonnie , but still address the child parson staffer ( cont would ) '' no arrogance do not please the god . bis rugge frame clothed in a puma hide , a kill - club hang fron he belt . and although only nineteen , jonnie , already have the look of sameone who have already overcome a lifetime 's worth of adversity . he immediately turn to chrissv . parson staffer finishes chant up ‘to the heaven . parson staffer ++- May you chase away the monster and lead we back to the land of plenty . the clan close they eye in silent prayer . all except for -- cherissy her teenage ccuntenance offset by the maturity in she strong dark eye . ext . cave -- a little later the parson shake he head as jonnie secure a animal - skin sleep roll and extra kill - club to he snow - white horse , windsplitter . i . parscn staffer this be not what you mother want . the parson 's ancient face burn with religious fury as he drill he stare into jonnie . jonnie my mother want what be best for the tribe . and as long as we stay here , there will barely be enough to eat . ed jonnie ( cont would ) while there may be other place we could | live where the food be more plentiful . parson staffer it be true that food be scarce , and everyone appreciate you desire to help , but I can not help wonder if there be not more to why you want to go out there ... be let that hang there , then give jonnie a point look -- parson staffer ( cont would ) but all it would take be for one monster to see you , and follow you back , and we would all be strike down . jonnie meet he rage with calm determination . jonnie have you ever see a monster ? he turn to the rest of the clan , challenging -- jonnie ( cont would ) have anyone here ever see a monster ? and if he have any doubt in he voice , jonnie do a good job of hide it . he hop onto windsplitter and take off -- . ext . other side of the ravine -- continuous . - jonnie head down the hill , turn a bend , where -- chrissy sit wait for he on she horse , which like windsplitter , be load with a animal - skin sleep roll and kill - club . jonnie smile , impressed by chrissy 's mettle . but shake he head . : _ jonnie . ( finish he think ) -- I think you can handle yourself better than most man ... which be why you must stay and look after you young brother . chrissy look at he , chagrine . it 's hard to argue with that . a tough beat . nothing leave but to say good - bye ... and finally , struggle to keep she face a mask , chrissy remove a shiny medallion hang from she neck . chrissy this be give to I by my father when he die . he receive it from he father . ( try to hold back the emotion ) I be not give it to you . I be lend it . so , you better not let anything happen to you out there ... . the young one obediently stop at the bridge . they will not she place the medallion around he neck , they body close || not touch . so much not be say ... the tribe 's child race alongside jonnie , excited by the adventure he 's go on . but secretly terrify by the death they have be teach await he ... cross it . but jonnie do , leave the ’tribe behind . chrissy 's mask start +o crack as she watch he disappear the first of the tear escape down she cheek . | ext . valley -- dusk as night fall , jonnie ride across wide open plain . his eyt tense , search the gather darkness for the first sign of and he suddenly freeze . see he first ever ... STAR hover majestically overhead . soon join by other star . jonnie stare up in wonderment at this heavenly light . ext . prairie -- several day later jonnie steal through the grass , throw he kill - club with blur speed at a unsuspecting antelope . ext . forest -- day later jonnie ride through a grove of conifer tree , the strip of dry meat now hang from he sleep roll , when he sudden ] i and silently dismount -- careful not to make the slight sound , jonnie slip behind e rock formation pull he kill - club , jonnie carefully peer out through a th tangle of brush , ext . town #- day jonnie and windsplitter move through a desert housing develo pass tree which grow up through the sidewalk and street . a fade piece of paper flutter by . jonnie pick it up . he can just make out a picture of a woman in a bra . the first time jonnie have see a photo , let alone woman 's undergarment . more paper litter the ground nearby . jonnie head to they , pass a rusted train abandon on its track . windsplitter abruptly stop . nostril flaring . eye on a hous the door knock off its hinge . window shattered . jonnie pull he kill - club and silently shoos windsplitter away . kill - club at the ready , jonnie cautiously approach the house , when suddenly -- a grizzly bear rocket out the front door , barrel after -- jonnie , who bolt away , desperately try to outrun he de : pursuer . seek higher ground , jonnie race to the -- | train , and scramble up the side of a rail car , then spin | i ext . rail car roof -- continuous ; | the grizzly have stop chase he and turn back to she ct who scamper out of the house to play in the front yard . male voice ( 0.s. ) good thing she already have she lunch -- jonnie whirl around with club raise . come face to face '' two men the one do the talk , carlo , be wiry and intense- lookin in contrast to he ' built- like - a-brick -shithouse ' companion , we will call rock for obvious reason . but the thing jonnie probably notice first about the man ari spear they both have aim at he chest . .. oe Carlo motion to the kill - club in jonnie 's hand . carlo ( cont would ) we mean you no harm , if you mean we no jonnie slowly lower he weapon , but remain on guard . rock silently direct he partner 's attention to -- windsplitter who graze near the train , wait for jonnie . both man tak : note of the antelope-meat windsplitter carry . Carlo turn a friendly eye back to jonnie . carlo you have be fortunate in the hunt . you should thank the god . jonnie if I ever see one , I will . ext . ground -- next to the train -- moment later jonnie hand strip of dry meat to Carlo and rock , who veverently bow they head , hold the food up to the heaven : carlo the monster like to hunt in the dark . we better find shelter ... J ext . shopping mall -- a little later the snow really come down now . windsplitter follow we trio through a white carpete parking lot , take shelter inside a -- int . shopping mall -- continuous a brightly decorate plastic christmas tree stand among the rea ! tree grow up through the floor . a CD of silent night loop endlessly from the few speaker in the mall that still work . int . department store -- second floor -- a little later we trio head into a department store , but Carlo and rock freeze they track with sicken expression . carlo '' whatever that poor bastard do , they must have really angere the god . rock silently nod , appal by the sight of -- mannequin lie break on the floor . many of this ' freeze people 's miss limb , not to mention they genital . nearby .. jonnie stand , curious , in front of a large plate- glass window to make up a entire wall . outside , he can see the snow fall , } when he try to touch it , a ' invisible force 's keep stop h : kablam ! 4 ina sudden flash of light , Carlo be hurl back off he foot . his body crash hard to the ground , twitches once , then fall deadly still . and out of the shadow behind rock step a truly nightmarish figure . like the parson 's draw of the monster , but worse ... over nine foot tall with glow amber eye . razor sharp talon on he claw . thick bone- like structure for eyebrow and lip . the psychlo aim he blast - gun dead center on rock and fire -- as jonnie 's kill - club fly through the air -- knock into the fire weapon , cause the shot to go wide . jonnie and rock take off through the store , bolt through a maze of aisle which lead they through a doorway -- int . stairwell -- continuous we guy sprint up the stair . the sound of deadly pursuit get louder behind they as they burst out onto -- ext . roof -- continuous the only way off the two-story building be to jump . and the freeze ground below do not make this too appeal a option . nee i the psychlo rush through the doorway behind they , jonnie and rock throw themselves off the side of the building -- ext . snow cover ground ~~ continuous jonnie hit the ground , roll to he foot ~ - rock be not as fortunate and land at a bad angle , snapping he on impact . he try to climb to he foot , but the break leg buckle , send he collapse back <o the snow . jonnie turn back to help he -- he give a loud whistle and ... ext . shopping mall -~- continuous windsplitter gallop out of the mall . hoove churn up a fl of snow as he race to jonnie -- . the psychlo pause to look down at ... rock , who tremble in terror . plead to the star overhead -- rock ' ..- help I please . I have live a-_ devote life ... but the twinkle light seem indifferent to he plight . jonnie watch helplessly as the psychlo slam down a lever on the side of the gun , then aim it down at rock . kabblam ! a gape hole blow through rock 's chest . see " nat -ook like insect . thirty foot Long and ty twe.ve teer ge =o side . and smootn . sitting tne middie of tne wide oath . and run for open country . vonnie giance back , to where the thing rise three foot above the cround . Ana move forward . vonnie pass one corner , =hen another . the thing fall behind . he swerve windsplitter up a sidestreet , reach another corner and again turne . he head for the open country . 4 he can hear the roaring of the thing somewhere beyond the rubble . he listen , hold he breath . the position of the roar change . shift to the right . the thing somehow block the street ahead of he and then go on , plan to come up behind he . he be trap . there be no panic in he now . he slow the hard pound of he heart . the thing to do be wait until the monster be right in the street behind he - then go over that barricade a fall building have become . he sidle windsplitter back to get a good run . the thing be roaring down the side path behind he . now it be turn . he glance back . there it be , wisp of smoke come out of its nostril . jonnie put the heel to windsplitter . he yank on the lead rope . '' and sprint at the barricade . Rough and full of loose stone . dangerous . . : up they scramble . rubble slide . 8 sut up they go . all the way to the top . one glance back show ... ++. the thing roll up to the very bottom of the barricade . but he 's over the barr : cade . he hit the street before he at a run and keep vrur jonnie swerve =hrougn = : cneckxerooard of path , edging to the open country . further and further . the building thinning . open country between two structure to he right . he skid down off the embankment and race for freedom . windsplitter puffing . he strain he eye , watch . there it be ! it slide out from among the building and start straight toward he . '' ' for he the a suddenl there 's a sheet of flame . ahead '' right -hand baitaing explode apart . its top slide slowly h down and into the street anead , block it . spatter wit dust , jonnie haul up short . he put the horse =p to a run . the thing not only close the distance but start to pass . jonnie swerve at right angy . the thing bank into a turn and flash by he , well ahead , turn and block he way . jonnie pull up . he turn around and begin to run away from it . it let out a blast roar , scorch by he and again stop , block he way . jonnie 's face tighten into determination . thong solid on he wrist . walk windsplitter , he move up ahead of the thing . it do n't.move . he go about a hundred foot . in front of the thing . it do not move . he carefully spot the position of a slitted eye . and whirl the kill club . and put 4 heel to windsplitter . they race straight at the thing . the kill club , carry with the full speed of the run horse , whoosh down straight at the slitted eye . the crash of impact be deafen . jonnie slow beyond the thing . it have not move . he trot windsplitter back to the original position , a hundred foot in front of the thing . he turn and make ready for a second run . he touch a heel . windspiizter piuna forward . and then a great gout of yeliow bloom out from between the eye . jonnie be strike a blow like all the wind of highpeak roll into one . windsplitter catch the full force of it . up into the air go horse and rider . down they come with a shudder crash , against the earth . '' in _the darkness : there 's a ethereal , almost otherworldly wailing . then a stab of light and -- ext . above the mall -- dawn the shopping mall fall away below as we rise higher and higher above it . like a soul return to heaven ... | but for some reason , we be look down through prison - like bar . | reverse angle to : jonnie 's face , as he start to come to . disorientated , he look around . a handful of man stare back at he , each one try to hide how terrify they be . and pulling back we can see ... jonnie and the man be imprison in a cargo cage suspend from the underbelly of a -- ext . psychlo aerial transport vehicle which climb up vertically into the sky with engine wail , then rocket forward with impressive speed . int . cargo cage -- continuous a icy wind blast through the cage . but the cold be the least c jonnie 's concern as he spot Carlo lie motionless in the corner a pair of young , scrappy - look twin , mickey and sammy , give jc a reassure look . they shout to be hear over the howling wind - mickey if the monster 's fire-stick do not make a hole in you , you go to sleep . sammy but you wake - up -- and sure enough , Carlo groggily begin to stir . relieved to see jonnie . but then he look around for rock ... int . cockpit -- aerial transport vehicle -- later that day the psychlo bank the transport vehicle around a mountain , revealing a massive transparent dome cover a large city below . get closer , we can see mile High Stadium . and behind it , the distinctive design of Denver International Airport .... ext . dome -- a little later the vehicle hover down , and with the sound of a magnetic field disengaging , deposit the cage into the back of a flatbe truck . int . cargo cage -- moment later the psychlo lumber in with box - shape AIR - filtration unit , eact with a thin tube attach to it . he start to slide one of this tube into jonnie 's nose , but jonnie knock the creature 's paw aw the psychlo growl , hurl jonnie viciously across the cage -- jonnie - | slam into the bar , slide down to the floor , where the psychle unceremoniously jam the tube up jonnie 's nose . ext . dome -- a little later the psychlo drive the flatbe . transport truck with the cargo cag it through a entry port , complete with mammoth air-lock chamber jonnie study everything with the train eye of a skilled hunte : int . dome -- continuous the dome cover Denver be so enormous , it have its own weather . and right now , a dark drizzle fall onto the city , which look much like it do today , save for two thing ... . a grimy layer of mining soot cover the place . and for some reason , most of the building have be paint purple . | . int . truck ~-- driver' cabin -- continuous the psychlo remove the tube from he own nose and lean out the window , take a deep , .contented breath ... int . cargo cage -- back of the truck -- continuous jonnie experiment with remove he own tube ... but he immediatel have trouble breathe . eye go glassy . he replace the tube a fast as he can . Carlo give he a point look . ext . denver STREET -- a little later the sound of heavy industry fill the air as the truck turn down street , pass a shift of psychlo laborer trudging off with lunc pail to go work in the mine and smelting plant . int . warehouse complex -~ a little later the psychlo back the truck up to a load dock and honk . several guard head over with a processing clerk as the psychlo '' human - slave wrangler " swing open the cargo cage . and now we can see that while this psychlo be a impose figure at nine foot tall , he 's actually a bit of a runt . the other psychlos be all a good foot or two taller ... include the clerk , who take one look at jonnie and the other and drill a hard stare into the undersized psychlo " wrangler " . a ) psychlo clerk you be go three day and you only catch six of they ?! int . cargo cage -- continuous jonnie study the monster closely , but from he p.o.v. , allt hear be a unintelligible machine - like click sound of theiz alien language . he turn a question eye to Carlo ... int . cargo cage -- continuous and even though jonnie do not know what the psychlos be arguir about , he know one thing . they be not pay he any attentior so he move like a streak out the cage door . Carlo right behinc int . warehouse complex -~ continuous but the wrangler be not about to lose any more of he ' cargo 's anc whirl , snatching jonnie , then lunge for Carlo -- but Carlo manage to twist out of reach of the creature 's talon sprint away through the warehouse . the wrangler pull he gun . psychlo clerk . do not kill it ! . we can not use it if it 's 's dead -- . the wrangler give he a snide , ' how stupid do you think I be ? ' , look . jonnie watch from the ground as -- the psychlo slide a lever above the blast - gun 's trigger - guard into a up position , then take aim and fire -- Carlo be knock flat as the blue - bolt slam into he . his body lie motionless , but intact , on the ground . the psychlo holster he fire - arm and scoops up jonnie . start to toss he back into the cage but -- ident li he ! 1 i esi é hi jonnie have the weapon . and be point it straight at he . the wrangler snigger . the same reaction from the other psychlos ... it 's like a ' horse 's have somehow pick up a gun with its hoof . only , jonnie slide the weapon 's lever into the gown-position . the wrangler be no longer laugh . he reach down , coax jonnie as if he be some kind of errant pet ... psschlo wrangler come on , boy ... give I the gun .. but jonnie do not . so the wrangler lunge for it -- kablam ! the psychlo wrangler stare , stunne at the -- fist -sine hole blown through he chest . he collapse , dead before he hit the ground . the other psychlos freeze in stunne silence . then ... burst out in hysterical laughter . that have get to be the goddam funniest thing they have ever see . with the monster busy laugh , jonnie make a break for it . charge through the warehouse complex and out a doorway -- ext . STREET -~ outside warehouse -- continuous where he barrel straight into -- terl who unlike the psychlo laborer , wear a senior officer 's unifor adorn with impressive gold epaulet , denote " Chief of securi his ever present assistant , ker , can not help but snicker at the m collision have splatter over he boss 's perfectly press attir but terl do not seem to find it amusing . he shut ker up with . quick look , then rip jonnie off he foot -- int . warehouse -- continuous holding the filthy ' man-animal ' out at arm 's length , terl marche inside the warehouse , demand to ' know -- terl who be responsible for allow this man-animal to run around unsupervise ?! the clerk immediately point to the dead wrangler . clerk the man-animal shot the wrangler and -- terl I be a little press for time . save the ' go - away ' joke for later . . clerk no joke , sir . I swear .. the man - animal somehow get he gun .. and when he reach for it , the man-animal shot he . the other psychlos nod , back this up . terl consid h. then pick the blaster — gun up geom the ground ... or this , and_calmly hand the weapon to jonnie . terl ( to the clerk ) show I . can clerk ++ - Sir ? terl reach for the gun . clerk but sir . it might shoot I . terl sure . it ' might 's . and I ' might ' suddenly grow a third arm . we ee clerk but I swear , sir , it shot -- rapidly lose patience , terl snap -- terl ~- any report file today still have my name on it . and you be out of you skull if you think I be go to write " shot by man-animal " as the cause of death in the Security field report , unless I see it with my own eye . ( end of discussion ) - this be not a request , it 's a order . know he 's tread on dangerous ground , the clerk stare at Te : clerk ... but with all respect , sir , if I follow that order , I may get kill . terl return he stare without blink . terl the regulation be quite clear . ( dead serious ) if you refuse to obey the order , it 's a certainty that you will be kill the clerk swallow hard , then turn to jonnie and ... lunge for the gun , try to grab it before -- kablam ! jonnie blast a hole through the clerk 's chest terl stare in disbei:ef . but jonnie 's not finish . a bigger psychlo leap up and charge . Roaring . jonnie stumble backward . a enormous paw blur in the air , come at he . talon rake the side of he face . jonnie have the gun in position , and fire at the huge chest . he punch blast after blast into it , drive he back . terl jerk the gun from jonnie 's hand , and send a swipe across he chest that send he crumble to the ground . terl --- well , I will the camn . int . employee recreation pall -- a little later a lively joint wher2 a bunch of psychlo laborer let off steam play laser - bash . other consume libation while slapping and pinching the ass of the female psychlo wait-staff who pass by . terl plop onto a stool at the bar , but before he can order , he 's serve a saucepan full of kerbango , a thick oily beverage . . bartender when the best security chief this planet ever have be leave , the least I can do js buy he a pan of kerbango on the house . terl 's eye slit in suspicion . the bartender shrug , keep he voice casual as he continue ... bartender ( cont would ) and , of course , I be sure we little agreement be still in effect ... ( make sure ) now that you be leave , that little unfortunate incident will not somehow ' magically ' appear in my file . terl help himself to a shot of kerbango , then explain -- terl ( cont would ) as long as you provide I useful information , I would not file the report . ( matter -of - fact ) but now that I be leave this pitiful excuse for a planet , you will no longer be provide I with useful information . the color drain from the bartender 's face . terl stroll off chuckle , quite pleased with how fun that be . ~ int . indigenous labor processing CENTER -- continuous a psychlo technician , wear rubber glove and a germ mask over face , use laser -scissor to cut the animal skin off of jonnie . the skin get toss into a incinerator . the technician then reach over and yank chrissy 's medallion from jonnie 's neck . jonnie try to grab it back , but the technician swat he away like he be a insect , then hold up the object to see what be so damn important to the man-animal ... and we can now see chrissy 's ' shiny 's medallion be a silver dolla psychlo technician anyone want this primitive little trinket ? nobody do . so the technician toss it into the incinerator . as jonnie watch chrissy 's medallion get consume by the flame something deep and dangerous burn in he eye . ext . denver mining site -- continuous a a long line of human , chain to stake like leash dog , hunc a massive conveyor belt spew out a constant discharge of crus rock . the human separate out the oar , which they place into -- psychlo-sized basket , which would not be too difficult for a psychlo to carry , but it 's back - break work for the human haul they across a large field to a ... ext . teleportation platform psychlo Guards use rod-like device to prod the slower slave al with sinister blast of raw electricity . a ground cart glide by with ker at the wheel . terl be in the rear , gaze at the human with the indifference someone might have drive past a dairy farm full of cow . ext . teleportation platform -- that day with the platform load with basket of ore , a alarm sound a the psychlos immediately don protective goggle and ear-plug . the human have no such gear to protect they as ... the hum of large generator start to fill the air . grow louder as they work - up to full power and there 's suddenly -- a ear-splitting explosion of sound and blinding flash of light as all the basket of ore on the platform vanish . $ a brief moment of quiet respite . then the deafen roar and blaze light happen again . and this time ... ext . teleportation platform -~ moment later bundred of psychlo laborer suddenly appear on the platform , along with -- district manager zete who wear the finest of silk suit and carry a solid gold briefcase . terl and ker quickly greet he ... terl welcome , you excellency . as this planet 's senior security officer , it would be my pleasure to expedite you on - planet clearance through security -- but the District manager be not listen . he 's stare confuse through the transparent dome at the snow - cap Rocky mountain . district manager do all of Earth look like this ? terl -.. I be afraid so . qu 2 district manager I be tell this planet be ugly ... be peer up at a fluffy cloud drift across a clear blue sky . district manager ( cont would ) but it 's get to be the ugliest crap~hole in the entire universe ! terl I could not agree more , sir . now if you will please follow I ... he finally manage to get the District manager through security , then seize the opportunity to introduce ker . terl ( cont would ) this be executive - Assistant ker . he 's be fully train to take - over as Security Chief , so there will be no disruption with my transfer -- he take one last sicken look at the human , declare -- | , district manager 5 . we will be do the universe a favor by we exterminate the whole lot of they once we finish mining - out they miserable little planet . int . indigenous labor identification station -- continuous a pair of psychlo guard hold jonnie down on a steel table as a identification technician press a -- searing -hot iron into jonnie 's arm , brand he with a id number . jonnie stare the technician in the eye , refuse to acknowledge the pain . amuse , the technician dig the burn iron harder into jonnie 's flesh . jonnie 's eye bulge , but he remain steely silent ... the guard release jonnie and shove he toward the next station , then turn and grab the next human slave in line , which be -- mickey . the guard drag the young twin , kick and scream , t« the brand table and pin he down as the technician lower the iron toward the tremble youngster 's expose flesh -- only the iron be no longer in he hand . wield it like a weapon , jonnie knock the stunne guard away from mickey , then pivot with blur speed -- = i 's ian 's . jonnie how do you like it -- as the technician howl in pain , a mass of guard swarm jonnie , viciously clubbing he to the ground . int . bank of denver -- lobby -- continuous planetship voice ( 0.s. ) -- I be honore by you visit , you excellency . the obese planetship waddle over , flanke by he smarmy - look assistant . they shake paw with the District manager , then lead he across the lobby . terl and ker follow . district manager .-.- how do you stand it ? he motion out a window at a tree-filled park . district manager ( cont would ) have to spend each day look out at all that green . and a blue sky . planetship oh no . we make the support staff take the office with the view . ( wink ) while we get the good dig . he usher evervone into a elawatn ~ int . elevator -- continuous and push the button for the basement . the elevator lurch dow the Assistant planetship seize the opportunity to ... assistant planetship I be sure you will find it interesting to know , sir , that we be able to use the planet 's indigenous power- generation system . that way we do not have to build we own . it be actually my idea . ( bask in the glory of ) and unless I be mistaken , my idea have already save the corporation well over six - hundred thousand credit -- district manager -- I be afraid you be mistaken . assistant planetship .. Sir ? district manager I do not find it interesting at all . the Assistant planetship , crush , manage a polite nod . terl suppress a smile . he like the District manager 's style . int . indigenous labor processing CENTER -- continuous jonnie , bloody and bruise , but alive , hobble dow a ' steel hallway with the other now brand slave , when -- the psychlos open up with high powered hose . a solid stream of water savagely blast into the defenseless human as the psychlos hose down the dirty man-animals . int . basement -- later that day terl and the other psychlo executive sit around a conference té in a windowless dungeon . of a room which have be paint purple . district manager «+ I will approve additional labor resource be send here by end of the quarter- cycle . and I believe that do it , except for you long overdue transfer . he turn and offer terl a friendly smile . district manager ( cont would ) you must be look forward to get off this disgusting excuse of a planet . terl I just want to serve the corporation in whatever way they deem best , sir . '' district manager . very admirable . and you have do a first - rate job here as interim security chief . terl ( modestly ) thank you , sir . I have do my best -- district manager ~- we have decide to keep you here for another fifty cycle . ( turn the ' dagger ' ) with endless option for renewal . the option , of course , be at Home Office 's discretion . not yours . terl react like he be just give a death sentence . the District manager lean forward , give he a know look -- district manager ( cont would ) the senator have a lot of friend . ext . mining site -- a little later jonnie , Carlo and the rest of the new ' abductee 's be issue basket and shove into line with the rest of the slave . concerned by he friend 's batter condition , Carlo admonish .. there 's no point in try to fight this thing . at least not if you want to keep on live . jonnie look around you . this be not exactly live -- in the background , a ground cart pass by . int . electric cart -- continuous ker chauffeur at the wheel . in the back seat , terl lower he voice , so only the District manager can hear . terl -+- would you please explain to the senator that if I even have a inkling it be he daughter , I never would have -- district manager -- the senator 's exact word to I be , and I be quote , '' if that blast terl try to talk he way out of it , have he vaporize on the spot " . leave terl with that think , the District manager stride up the platform , relieved to be leave this crappy little planet . int . employee recreation hall -- a little later the place be pack and loud . the newly arrive psychlo worker get plaster on kerbango while lose money paw-over - fist i laser bash and other assort rig game of ' chance 's . terl storm up to the bar . the bartender look up , surprised . bartender you be still here . and something suddenly snap deep inside terl . he grab ker , pull he close , the word come fast and furious -- terl I can assure you I be not groom since birth to get some ' cushy job ' that even a moron like you could perform ! while you be try to learn to spell you name , I be be train how to conquer galaxy ! and do anything less be a disgrace to my entire family line -- ext . denver 200 -- that night psychlo guard patrol the Denver 200 , keep a eye on the mas : human lock - up for the night . Inside one of the many cage .. int . cage -- continuous jonnie , Carlo and several dozen man crowd around a small fire as gas truck pull up . a psychlo guard insert the truck 's giant t through the bar , but instead of pump out petrol ... the hose discharge a green sludge- like food substance into a trough . jonnie start over to the ' dinner ' , but be stop by floyd , a hulk brute of a man almost as large as a psychlo . floyd you be new , so let I explain how thing work . I eat first . then my man eat . his gang step forward . all big and dangerous look . ext . zoo cage -- continuous the psychlo finish discharge the food and retract the hose . from he p.o.v. , jonnie and floyd 's confrontation be unintelligi like animal " talk " to each other in a z00 , as ... int . zoo cage -- continuous with he gang back he up , floyd explain to jonnie - - floyd after we be do , if there 's any food leave , you can have it with the other . give how malnourish the nother 's look , it do not appear that there 's usually much food leave . jonnie that 's how it use to work . with blind speed , jonnie scoops up a flame log from the fire , and before floyd can react -- p 3 f09 jonnie slam the club-like wood , full - force , into floyd 's face , drop he hard to the ground . only a moment later ... and other than a bloody nose , he show no effect from the shot he just take . jonnie smashes he again -- ' but this time the big brute be ready for it , so all it seem to do be just piss he off . he grab jonnie by the throat and begin to choke the life from he . jonnie desperately try to break -free , but floyd be too strong . ' he hold jonnie out at arm 's length , prevent jonnie from get at he as he continue to brutally strangle jonnie . and with he attacker finally close enough to reach , jonnie 's 's hand rocket out , p: floyd stagger back , struggle to breath . with he eye go g : floyd release jonnie and focus on reinserting the tube as -- jonnie lock he hand together and swing they like a baseball bat , deliver a tremendous blow to floyd 's jaw . floyd fall to the ground . and this time he stay there , out for the count . jonnie take mercy on the big man and stick the tube back into he nose , then head over to the trough ... but realize everyone else be hold back , respectfully let he eat first . jonnie shake he head , declare -- jonnie everyone eat at the same time . the man all rush the trough ... the slop might be disgusting , but at least it 's sustenance . and pulling back , we realize we be watch this on ... int . security headquarters -- continuous a wall full of monitor show live feed from all over the dome city . on a adjacent wall -- a sign read : your chief of security be ... ker despondently remove he picture from under the sign , and with a audible sigh , hammer terl 's picture back up . and pulling back yet again , we realize we be watch this on ... int . terly live quarter -- continuous a lone monitor perch next to a bed , where terl open a large -- footlocker all neatly pack for what should have be he return home . terl almost look like he 's go to cry as he start to unpack . but he suddenly stop . sense it ... his eye instinctively go to the monitor , which show -- int . security headquarters ~~ continuous ker peer out the window , make sure no one be watch , before reach into he .. tol. oe desk Inside the hide false bottom of a drawer , ker pull out of a surveillance photo of a mountain range , and ... terly desk deposit tlie document at the bottom of a " in - basket " on terl 's de but suddenly freeze as he can hear someone approach the door -- ker dive across the room back to he own desk , snatching - up a crossword puzzle , which he pretend to be work on as ... terl march in and head straight to he desk , where he grab the surveillance photo . ker try to play it cool . ker I be wonder when you be go to look at that . it same in last week and I put it straight in you -- . terl if you be go to lie to I , at least have the decency to do a credible job . ( dead serious ) so , I do not look like a complete idiot for have try to train you . he sharply jab a talon toward ker 's secret hide place . ker 's face go death - white . how could terl possibly know ? but then ker suddenly realize . his eye probing the room as - ~ ker you say we use picto-cameras to spy on other office . but under no circumstance do we spy on we own office ! | | terl that 's right . we do not . cee cee not ( matter - of - fact ) I do . ( be : the photo ) | start talk . give the look in terl 's eye , ker decide he best chance be to come clean , and to do it fast -- : ker the photo 's from last week 's recon drine . it show a glacier that just split open . it expose a gold vein ... terl glance at the photo , then give ker a know look . terl and you be go to wait until after I transfer to turn it in , so you could get all the credit for it , yourself . ker ( sheepish nod ) I do not think you would mind . he regret it the moment he say it . brace himself for the punishment he know must be come . but surprisingly ... - | terl I do not mind . go ahead . and turn it in . ( hand ker the photo ) but first , pretend you be not a complete imbecile and check the compo-gradient . ker look down , study a miniature row of color bar at the very bottom of the photo . his face fall as he realize ... ker the mountain 's full of uranium . no psychlo can get near it without they breath - gas explode . ( despondent ) there 's no way to mine the gold -- a hammer suddenly nail ker in the back , drop he to the fl terl swing again . this time harder . savagely beat ker -- terl -- but what I do mind be that you betray I over a lousy recon photo ! ker but it 's worthless ! you just Said so yourself ! terl yes ! but you do not know it be worthless -- he ratess +he hammer with lethal intent bnd withait heaitatin only ker manage to scramble out of the way at the last minute . he grab the hammer from terl and scramble to he foot -— - but freeze as terl pull he blast -gun . ker ( cont would ) you can not shoot I ! it 's against regulation . I be not just some man - animal you can kill for sport -- | but terl reach for the trigger and ... stop . stare at the gun , he mind racing ... terl 's eye snap to the surveillance photo ... then to a monitor | show human work in the mine ... then back to the gun ... and_it suddenly connect for terl . ker mistake all of this for same cruel pause before he inevitable execution and continue to plead -- ker please ! I will make it up to you , I swear ! do not shoot I -- terl look shocked by the very suggestion . terl shoot you ? my most trust colleague ? be holster he gun and throw a friendly arm around ker . terl ( cont would ) of course not . we have get work to do . ker clearly have no idea in hell what terl 's talk about , but a : long as it involve not get shot , he 's all for it . : terl ( con * would ) tomorrow morning , we have to warn the _ planetship about the '' mutiny '' . ker «+- what " mutiny " ? terl the one you be go to pretend be in the work , like you life depend on it ... ( dead serious ) because it do . ext . ravine -- dusk the set sun cast a shadow over chrissy , who sit on a rock , keep a hopeful eye on the far side of the ravine . we get the feel she spend a lot of time on that rock , watch and wait : a withered hand grip she shoulder . she turn around to face thi parson , who give chrissy a concerned look -- parson he 's be go over three month . ( the grim reality ) if the monster do not get he , he would have be back by now -- chrissy whirl back to the ravine with a relieved smile . but there 's nothing there . only now we can here it ... the feint sound of galloping hoof . grow louder as -- a flash of white be now visible on the far side of the canyon . rocketing up the incline and over the drawbridge and ... chrissy 's smile instantly evaporate as she realize windsplitter is_return riderless int . denver shopping mall -- the next morning the planetship and he Assistant be stretch - out on chaise - lounge . but right now the planetship look anything but relaxec across from he , terl and ker sit on a chaise - lounge next to a sun-lamp . terl and ker have concerned look on they face . terl .»- and if this worker revolt take place , my informant tell I the first order of business will be to separate you from you head . '' . : planetship which be why there will be no mutiny ! ( panic in he voice ) I be authorize you to use whatever mean necessary to stop it . terl nod , so far so good . then continue ... terl we best chance to prevent this mutiny be to increase profit . so we do not have to keep cut the worker 's pay . planetseip production equal profit . and I be already bring in as many new worker as possible to boost production . terl but we have to pay that new worker . the Assistant planetship give terl a snide look assistant planet : maybe you be absent the day they , teach econo at the academy , terl scoff ) . but nobody work for free . acne i le cie terl man-animals do . a waitress in low - cut garb slink over with a tray of drink , but the planetship wave she off , keep he attention on terl . terl ( cont would ) we already use they for manual labor ... what if we could train they to take - on certain additional duty ? like operate mining machine . ( quickly add ) that. way we can boost production increase expense . the planetship and he Assistant wait for the punch -line . but there be not one . so they roar with laughter . planetship man-animals operate a machine ?! have you blow a head -gasket ?! assistant planetseip it 's hard enough to keep they from pee on the carpet . but mining ?! planetship I would be the laugh stock of the entire universe . _ exactly what terl be hope he would say . . terl which be why you should have I take some man-animals and equipment out to a remote area . it 's better you do not know where ... and I all try to train they . ( nonchalant shrug ) have they do some test -mine . that way , if it do not work out , no one will know . planetship and if it do work , I will be vaporize . it 's against the law to train a -- terl -- accord to regulation : volume 989 , article 34-a , paragraph 19 ... a planetship face with a profit - threaten situation , such as a mutiny , be relieved of any and all lesser ordinance in the pursuit of protect say profit . the planetship chew on this . he can not argue with the logic . but shake he head anyway , abruptly declare -- planetship we stick to the original plan ! bring in more worker and they go on half - pay as soon as they arrive . and that 's final ! and before anyone can say anything -- the planetship jump off the third floor railing . and nobody seem the least bit surprised by this . probably because ... the first two floor have be turn into a psychlo-sized swimm : pool . but instead of water , it 's fill with a oily fluid . the planetship rub the sludge into he fur , squirming in delight . ext . ravine -~ continuous '' under the glow of first - light , chrissy ride windsplitter down t : the drawbridge which the sentries hold in a raise position , prevent she for leave . they do this under the supervision of the parson . - she throw the club with perfect aim , knock open -- the catch on the pulley mechanism allow the rope to unwind , lowering the bridge . and before anyone can react -- . chrissy gallop windsplitter like a shot across the bridge , disappear at full - tilt down the hillside . ext . denver STREET -- the next morning 's . a cold and brutal psychlo march song play over loudspeaker as a | long line of exhaust and freezing human be escort at gun point out to the mine . in the rear of the procession ... the young twin , mickey and sammy , work they way over to jonnie . sammy we hear you be plan a break -out . mickey Count we in -- a psychlo thrust jonnie forward with the butt of a gun , keep he move with the parade of human misery pass by -- terl and ker who enjoy they breakfast out on the heat patio of the senior Officer mess Hall . terl I do some research on man-animals last night . they actually possess certain primitive technical ability ... . ( beat ) surprisingly , they even manage to fire a crude probe into space . he slap a picture of pioneer one onto the table . ker shovel yellow meat into he mouth as he eye the photo , dubious . ker how do we know it come from man-animals ? terl because they be stupid enough to put a plaque on it with picture of themselves . one of we deep - space recon pick it up . and here 's the kicker ... be point to the plaque visible in the photo . terl ( cont would ) the plaque be make from a rare metal that 's worth a clanking fortune . and in addition to they picture , the man - animal also include full direction to they planet . that 's how we come here ... ( love this part ) they invite we . ker crack - up , find this hysterical . terl lean forward , give he a conspiratorial wink . terl ( cont would ) «-- and of course , all this mean the plan have a good chance of work . terl get up and head out . confused , ker chase after he ... ext . STREET -~ moment later catch up to terl , ker shake he head . ker but the plan can not work if the planetship do not order we to train man-animals -- terl -- the planetship 's hide something . : all we have to do be figure out what it be , and we will have leverage over he . ker ( get it ) and then we can get the gold -- terl --- what do you mean we ? it 's my plan . and before ker can respond , terl head into -- int . security headquarters -- continuous ) - and settles in behind he desk . ker follow on he heel . : ker please , sir . you get to let I in on it . I barely make any credit in this lousy job . and I have get five wife to support . for terl lean back in he chair , rub a talon over he lip , pretend to be think this over . and finally ... terl I do not want to partner - up with a idiot . ( challenge ) how do I even know you understand the plan ? still recline in he chair , terl discreetly reach under he desk and push a GREEN button . this be not see by -- ker , who rise to the task , hold up the surveillance photo of the mountain range . ker we train man-animals , who do not need breath - gas , to mine the gold for we . terl but Home Planet own this planet . the gold belong to they . ker nod , eager to prove he understand the whole plan . ker that 's the beauty of it . Home Office do not even know the gold exist . so that corporate crap-head will never know we steal it . it 's the perfect crime . he wait for terl 's praise ... but instead terl look shocked . and in the gravest of voice : terl put aside the serious violation of teach mining to a inferior race and insulting corporate superior , each one in themselves punishable by death , you just advocate deliberate theft of company resource ... ( resign sigh ) so my duty require I to report you , even though you will be vaporize and I will have to train a new assistant . ker 's jaw be practically on the floor . terl promptly push a red button under he desk before -- ker but it be you stinking idea ! terl which be why it 's a good thing I now have a recording of you lay out the plan , and I reprimand you for it . ker what be you talk about ?! we do not have any recorder plant in here ... ( realize ) let I guess . we do not . but you do . terl saunter over to a -- vault — '' where he carefully position he body to shield a keypad from '' ker 's view , as he punch in number . a ! terl consider it part of you education . ker «+ Education ?! the vault swing open . terl reach in past a shelf of blast - gu and spare air-tank , pop a disc fram a recording machine . terl never engage in a criminal activity until you set - up a patsy to pin everything on in case you be find out . ker thank -you . that 's great advice ! but why do I have to be the patsy ?! terl so you will not be get any bright idea about get rid of ' ole terl in order . to keep all the gold for yourself . : : have . ker but I would never double - cross you !' o terl of course not . because I be go to set it up that if any ' unfortunate accident 's be to befall I ... ( be : the disc ) this go straight to Home Office . he file the disc away within a collection of other such recording house within the vault , then shut and lock the ste door . ker be not happy about this , but what can he do ? and to make thing worse , he realize ... ker you whole plan depend on get leverage over the planetship . ( shake he head ) but since there 's no way to smuggle a picto-recorder into he office without it be detect , how be we go to find out what he 's hide -- . terl } .- -- you be the only qualified e-3 level support executive on this planet other than the Assistant planetship . ( matter -of - fact ) so if something be to ' accidentally 's happen to he ... ker ( catch on ) --- Zid be the only qualified candidate to replace he . good think , sir ! ( rub he paw together ) so how do we bump the bastard off ? terl do not worry about that . we will do it in a appropriate style ... but right now , _we have a more press concern . ext . guard tower -- above a mine site -- that day terl and ker enjoy they lunch up in a guard tower overlook the human slave away below . between mouthful , ter ] motion down to jonnie , who struggle with a heavy load of ore . with almost a sense of begrudge respect , terl explain ... terl +. while that one do seem to be unusually intelligent and resourceful , at least for a man-animal , it also seem rather defiant . which be why we will need leverage over it . : ker leverage over a man-animal ? | _ merl give he a sharp look . have not he be pay attention ? ; the only way it 's go to be able to operate a mining machine be if it can read psychlo . which mean we have to educate it on a learn machine . ker look at terl like he 's off he rocker . ker but if anyone find out -- terl -- thatis why we need leverage on it , you moron ! 6&0 , no one find out . ker stare down at jonnie , exhaust by the idea . ker we need leverage on the planetship . and now we need leverage on the man-animals . I do not know about this plan of yours ... ( mutter ) it 's like we need leverage on everyone . terl that 's what make it so much fun . int . kitchen facility -- later that day psychlo cook mix a disgusting green slop in giant tub . cook .-. we feed they a combination of grass , reclaim fluid waste , and whatever animal carcass we can find . terl yes , but what would man like to eat ? ( clarifies ) what would they consider a treat ? cook eee eee wow the crap should I know ?! ( quickly add --) sir. ext . denver STREET -- moment later ker dejectedly kick a rock as he follow terl up the street . ker so much for you " positive - force " . terl . it 's call positive - reinforcement . — whatever . it still sound like a pretty primitive way to get leverage . terl man be a primitive species . ker can not argue with that , but still shake he head . ker but we have no idea what the damn thing like ... int . denver Z00 -- cage -- the next morning ker barge into the cage , and without warning , throw jonnie , Carlo and floyd into a -- transportable cargo cage . mickey and sammy , try to stay close to jonnie , start to scramble into the cage , but ker swat they away . ext . transport truck -- moment later ker secure the cargo cage to the back of a flatbe truck and toss heavy jacket to we guy . int . transport truck -- driver' cabin -- that morning ker , wear a breath - tube now that he 's outside the dome , drive : the flatbe truck up a windy mountain road away from Denver ... int . cargo cage -- continuous we guy huddle in they jacket as the cold Colorado air blow through the cage . floyd shrug , guess ... floyd : '' must be a mining site out here . Carlo look to jonnie for he take on the situation . but jonnie 's attention turn to the cargo cage door as -- the truck hit a small bump , cause the door to swing open a crack , betray that it 's not lock . ext . the next bend -- moment later the flatbe truck round a bend , carry a now empty cage . ext . back around the bend -=- continuous we guy pick themselves off the road from where they jump , a : | race away in escape , sprinting up a mountain path . int . denver -- security headquarters -- continuous terl and ker , recline in chair with they foot up on desk , we trio of monitor show we guy huffing and puffing up the mour . ker they sure be slow . and it look like they be slow down even more . terl that 's the whole point of this -- ext . mountain path -- continuous we guy make it up over a small rise , where floyd suddenly cast : hopeful eye at a cabin - like build half - bury up ahead in the floyd might be some food in there . jonnie we do not have time . the monster be go to be come after we . floyd we gotta eat . fi j ! | | | we best chance of hide be up in the tree-line . we will look for food there -- Carlo hate to take floyd 's side , but ... carlo if I do not eat now , I be not sure I be go to make it to the tree line . jonnie start to respond , but one look at Carlo and floyd and it 's clear they be both on the brink of exhaustion . int . security headquarters -- moment later terl proudly point to the monitor , which show we guy force open a door and head into the snow - cover building . terl . observe they in they natural habitat . int . snow cover build -- moment later the building be a long - abandon ski chalet , catch freeze in time .. a thick layer of dust cover everything . in the corner .. the skeletal remains of some people be scattered near a christm Tree slump over a pile of present for a holiday never celebra but jonnie suddenly freeze . grab a chair . floyd what be it - = jonnie +». lunch . be launch the chair straight at the -- christmas tree send rat scurrying out from among the present . jonnie dive : onto one of the larger rodent . Carlo and floyd do likewise . int . ski chalet -- moment later Carlo and floyd rip branch from the Christmas tree for kindlin : jonnie we do not have time for a fire . floyd we do not have a choice . we gotta cook the rat -- jonnie -- we have a cheice . | jonnie . _ lo : i i ie 's think . to look up in dread as he realize what jonnie 's sonnie gumon up every ounce of willpower he 's get and ... a bi raw . int . security headquarters -- continuous ker shake he head , nauseate . terl get off you fat ass ! we get the info we need , let 's. go round ‘em up . ext . mountain road -- that day we guy sprint up the road , when they begin to hear a ominous mechanical roar behind they . get louder as ... ext . mountain road -- below our guy -- continuous a armored psychlo MARK ii ground 's car hurtle above the ground ’as_ it come scream up toward -- ext . mountain road -- continuous we guy , who charge past a fade ' welcome to aspen ' sign on they way around a bend -- but as they top the hili , they run straight into one of teri 's backup vehicle . psychios pile out . jonnie go berserk ! the first two psychlo guard stand no chance . with one backward stride , jonnie be behind they . he send they slamm together like egg shell . he catch the gun of one , as that psychlo go down and stamp he heel into the side of he skull . he reverse the gun and batter the other psychlo with shot from a range of three inch . jonnie drop on one knee , and blow the two last psychlos who have exite the craft to bit . five other psychlos fire in he direction . jonnie 's gun be empty . he throw it down and pick up the other one . flip the switch to kill . totally unmindful of the shot rip up the ground , run low and fire as he go , jonnie race on . the other scatter around he . ' he kneel behind a psychlo body and send a storm of shot into the five . they crash back . jonnie pound they into roll bail of dead flesh . running , fire as he go . ext . top of a gorge where they abruptly run out of ground . stand at the brink of a massive chasm where a -- bridge use to be . but neglect and repeat winter storm have wash it away into the bottom of a canyon almost too far down to see . and to make matter worse , we guy be surround on all side by sheer vertical mountain face , impossible to climb . they be trappe : floyd what the hell do we do now ?! '' carlo do not even think about it -- this be direct at the look in jonnie 's eye as he stare across the gorge ... carlo ( cont would ) there 's no way you be go to make that jump ! and in fact , the far side of the ravine do seem like a awfully long distance away . but jonnie back up , get as much run room as possible . ext . mountain road -- behind our guy -- continuous the psychlo Ground car hurtle around the last bend and come scream out onto the clear as -- ext . top of the gorge ~- continuous jonnie take off on a dead sprint , go like hell for the edge of the cliff . Carlo look away , can not bear the sight . jonnie do not let-up . in fact , he go faster . every muscle strain as he race straight for the edge and -- ext . canyon -- continuous a psychlo fighter plane rocket up from the depth of the canyon , block J ie for sane int . cockpit -- psychlo figeter plane -- continuous terl maneuver the fighter plane to push jonnie away from the edge of the gorge . ext . top of the gorge -- a little later terl lock we guy into the rear of the ground car as ... ker stare across the canyon to the other side , try to figure something out . and then it finally dawns on he . ker they must be able to fly . terl sigh , unlock the cage and grab floyd and toss he over the side of the canyon floyd scream in helpless anguish as he plunge to he death . int . denver warehouse -- that day : the remain of a sizable meal be scattered over a giant table not : to a steel slab , where the assistant planetship partake in a nap . a door burst open and ker march inside and salute . ker I need you approval to get some man - animal labor unit to do some painting and clean work . he extend a requisition form , which the still half - asleep Assistant planetship sign , but then snidely instruct -- assistant planetship you tell terl , that unlike ' certain individual ' , I hold a important job . so next time he have a request , have he send it through proper channel instead of disturbing I when I be busy . ker nod , then trot out with the sign form . the Assistant planetship scratch himself , then return to he snooze . int . employee recreation hall -- continuous the place be pack with its usual drunken debauchery . in the back , terl and the bartender engage in a private conversation -- ~- ~ew terl give that it look like I will be stick around for a while , perhaps we should be discuss the term of we new deal ... bartender ( resign sigh ) +-- what do you want ? int . employee recreation hall -- later that afternoon the Assistant planetship finish a pan of kerbango when a dozen more pan of the narcotic root be place in front of he . bartender congratulation . you be we one - thousandth customer of the month ! ext . assistant planetship live quarter -- that niget | the Assistant planetship , now smashed out of he mind , stumble | into he room to sleep off the kerbango ... ' int . security headquarters -- that night a recording of the Assistant planetship play on . a monitor : - assistant planetship ( on monitor ) you tell terl , that unlike ' certain ' individual ' , I hold a important job -- ker watch as terl pause the recording , then expertly imitate the Assistant planetship 's voice : terl " you tell terl , that unlike ' certain individual ' , I hold a important job . '' kr ( genuinely impressed ) how do you do that , sir ? you sound just like he . terl there be benefit to a first - class education . terl hit play again , mimick the Assistant planetship 's expression and gesture play on the monitor . int . security headquarters -- later that night terl masterfully apply prosthetics »nd make - up to he face , thicken he eye bone and darken the fur on he cheek ... until if we do not know it be terl , we would swear it be the Assistant planetship . int . psychlo research CENTER -- a little later terl , disguise as the Assistant planetship , shake he head . terl ( as assist . planetship ) .- when terl give this suggestion in the meeting , I ridicule it . know why ? the research clerk do not really care , but politely ask : research clerk no , sir . why ? terl ( as assist . planetship ) . I be no fool . I be go to steal terl 's idea for myself ... because that terl be exceptionally brilliant , do not you think ? research clerk I have not notice . he always seem like a arrogant jerk to I . terl 's eye slit , but he force himself to stay in character . terl ( as assist . planetship ) .. well , if you get to know he , I be sure you would not think that . : | the ' Research clerk shrug , return to the business at hand . research clerk you want disc on basic psychlo Language . Research compendium on man-animals . mineral and ore mining techniques . and door -bomb explosive ... ( beat ) if I may ask , sir , what 's that one for ? terl sign a check - out slip , expertly forging the Assistant prlanetship 's sionature , then ... make a big production of look around , make sure no one 's listen , terl lean in with a conspiratorial whisper ... terl ( as assist . planetship ) .».. can you keep a secret ? int . denver Z00 -- cage -- 3 ker barge in and snap a leash around jonnie 's neck . Carlo get same treatment . and as ker reach out to grab some more human - mickey and sammy , discreetly slip forward , positioning themselves to be select . int . security headquarters -- a little later ker hand 's psychlo-sized paint -brushes to Carlo , the twin , and weywood , a older man with a friendly face . point to giant bucket of purple paint , ker bark something in psychlo , which the human obviously can not understand . mickey how we suppose to know what he want ? heywood they have make I do this before . just follow what I do and you will be fine . he dip he brush into a bucket and go to work painting a wall . Carlo and the twin copy he movement . int . back room -- continuous terl roughly deposit jonnie and the chair in the center of the room , then grab a disc from a pile and slide it into -- a learning machine - which unlike the utilitarian design of most psychlo machinery , be elegantly design with sleek simplicity . and once the disc be insert , the machine emit a holographic im of a chinko , which bow twice and put its six set of paw over : six eye , then talk in English , albeit with a strange accent : chinko voice ( from the machine ) Excuse I , but I be you instructor if you will forgive such arrogance , for I do not have the honor to be a psychlo . I be but a lowly chinko Language slave in the Department of Culture and ethnology . the holographic image bow again , then ... chinko voice ( from the machine ) please forgive my pretension as I try to educate you in psychlo , the Noble language of conqueror ... a intense bright shaft of blue light shoot out of the machine , strike jonnie in the eye ... chinko voice ( from the machine ) this machine be design for pan-specy communication , and utilize subconscious absorption , allow for instantaneous comprehension . int . security headquarters -- later that day a somber psychlo war song play from speaker as Carlo , heywood and the twin paint the wall a fresh coat of purple . terl happily hum along to the music as he attaches some kind of red -square to a choke collar . ker be campe - out at he own desk , look through some holographic pornography . int . back room -- a little later the blue light beam at jonnie 's eye click off . and stay in jonnie 's p.0 , v.: terl lean down to jonnie , speak very slowly , extra-enunciatin each syllable ... : terl ' hello ... there ... do ... you ... understand ... what ... I be ... say ?... jonnie can understand , but feign a blank expression , pretend he do not . terl dangle a dead rat in front of jonnie 's eye . terl be ... you ... hungry ... Little ... guy ?.. but jonnie keep up he blank - face routine . terl continue to ' tease 's he with the rodent for a few beat , then pull it away and restart the machine , turn to ker . . terl ( cont would ) obviously , this be go to take a : while . we might as well go get ourselves some lunch . int . security headquarters -- continuous terl and ker head out the door . the moment they be go , Carlo 's charge into -- int . back room -- continuous and tackle jonnie out of the chair , ' save 's he from the blue beam bombard he eye . carlo told you you attitude be go to get you into trouble . that 's why the monster single you out for the torture machine . jonnie I be not sure what it be , but it 's not torture . it 's like sleep . but when you wake - up , you somehow know thing ... ( explain ) like I can now understand what the monster be say when they speak . heywood appear in the doorway with a concerned look . heywood «-- what 's go on ? Carlo point to the learn Machine with religious awe . carlo it 's a god - machine that the monster must have steal . it make you know thing . G jonnie I do not know if it 's a god-machine , but I do know I be go to use it to learn as much as I can , so I can figure out how the hell we be go to get out of here . _ before heywood can protest , jonnie reassure he -- jonnie ( cont would ) if you can keep a eye out and give I a little bit of warning before the monster come back , I will not be put any of you . in danger . heywood be concerned , but move back to a window , keep a vigilant eye on the street outside as ... jonnie insert a new disc into the learn Machine . int . denver 200 -- cage -- night in the corner of the cage , out of view of the other , jonnie use a stick to fervently work out mathematical equation in the dirt . Carlo , heywood and the twin watch , try to make sense of the foreign symbol . : sammy : --. so , that 's what the monster 's 's language look like . jonnie shake he head , he eye shine with the rapture of pure knowledge as he explain ... . jonnie this be mathematics . the unify ~ language of the entire universe . look . ext . executive officer's mess hall -~- the next day ker shrug between mouthful of he lunch . ker --- so it 's take a bit longer with the man-animals than we think . but they can not be completely brainless if they be able to fire a probe into space ~ - terl --- I be not sure the man-animals do fire that probe into space . ker but you say there be a plaque on it with the man-animal 's picture , terl slowly sip a pan of kerbango as he explain . terl what if there be a species on a different planet that detest man - animal , and it 's easy to see why they would ... and this other species , want man-animals exterminate , send the probe to we with direction to the man-animal 's planet . ker ( beat ) I have not think of that . it 's very clever , sir . int . security headquarters -- continuous jonnie watch terl and ker on a monitor , while read through a psychlo field operation manual . in the rear of the room , the rest of the guy push and pull at the handle to the massive vault . jonnie otranslate from the manual ) the Security - Chief should secure the field vault with a eight-digit combination code of he selection . he should not write this code down , or tell it to anyone else . and he should not simply use he employee id number , but be more clever than that . Carlo give jonnie a hopeful look . carlo you do not think ...? jonnie dig through terl 's desk , come up with a form . jonnie the monster in charge be name terl. | ( beat ) his employee number be on this requisition form ... he return Carlo 's look with a shrug . jonnie ( cont would ) it 's worth a shot . ext . keypad -- bank vault -- moment later jonnie punch terl ' 's . a entry light blink rea ea eye number_into S red and the door remain cuer mickey uess he be more clever than that . jonnie nod , but then -- the vault 's keypad . lock . jonnie but the question be , how clever ? let 's . try put the number in reverse order he input terl 's employee id- number in reverse order . a beat , the the entry light blink green and the vault swing open . we guy enter . jonnie 's attention be draw to the recording machine , while Carlo , heywood and the twin check - out the blast - gun and spare breath - Gas tank . int . security headquarters -- later that day terl and ker march past heywood , Carlo and the twin , who be all busy painting the wall , and head straight into ... int . supply closet -- continuous this time , terl dangle two dead rat in front jonnie . terl do ... you ... want ... lunch ?... but jonnie keep up he blank - face routine . and be reward for it by be pick - up by the head and launch out into -- int . . security headquarters -- continuous : jonnie skid across the floor , slamm into a wall . terl impatiently march over to he , pull he blast - gun . terl it 's obviously ask too much of this man-animal thing to grasp a language as sophisticated as psychlo . but ker be not willing to give - up hope of the gold and try to sound convincing as -- ker what if this one be particularly stupid ? why do not we try to train another one -- terl ~-- we do not have time ! he storm over and grab a series of surveillance photo from he desk . jonnie discreetly signal across the room to ... Carlo , who hold he breath , praying he do not get catch as ... he slowly reach between terl 's leg and push the GREEN button , recording as ... terl I can not keep hide the recon-photos from Home Office , forever . plus , at the rate the glacier be melting , the gold 's about to fall into the ravine . ker --- s0 , we will get . it then . terl we would have to use explosive . Home Office would detect they and send down a survey team , which mean we would not be able to keep the gold for ourselves . be take one last forlorn look at the photo , then lash out in anger , deliver a vicious kick to jonnie . terl ( cont would ) and this damn thing 's be on the machine for two full day now , and still can not even speak one word ! it 's hopeless . ( mind make up ) we terminate the operation and cover we track . he point he blast - gun down at jonnie and -- jonnie what word would you like I to speak ? terl stare at jonnie in amazement . the man-animal just speak psychlo . but to make sure he 's not imagine this ... terl . --- what do you just say ? jonnie you hear I . I ask you what word ... carlo , beywood and the twins p.o. V the rest of the guy can not understand what jonnie 's say , but they be shocked to realize ... he 's speak to the monster in they machine - like language , as : terl in a unprecedented public display of joy , hop up and down , pump he arm in victory . terl it speak ! it actually speak ! ( as if jonnie be a toy ) goon . say something else . jonnie okay . how 's this ? you be go to stay here as we prisoner ... ( instruct ker ) while you go and bring back a truck . terl , more amused than anything , clarifies ... terl just because I teach you how to speak psychlo , you be still the inferior race ... which mean I give you order . xou do not give I order . understand ? jonnie I understand that if you do not do exactly what we tell you to do , we will have no choice but to kill you both . terl oh , really ? and how exactly do you plan to do that -- jonnie give the signal . with a sudden flurry of movement -- Carlo , heywood , and the twin pull blast - gun from behind they paint bucket . jonnie keep he attention on terl . jonnie the next time you choose a access code , you might want to be a bit more clever than just use you id number in reverse . _ but terl 's only reaction be to chuckle . terl you sure they even know how to use that thing -- a collective click as we guy slam the lever down on they gun to kill position . ker immediately throw he arm up in purrende and terl be no longer chuckle . he look around at the gun point at he and bury he head in he paw , and begin to ... howl with laughter . convulse so hard , tear run down he face terl ( cont would ) can you imagine the official report ? ( gasp for air ) head of Security kill by man-animals ! still laugh hysterically , he rear back to smack jonnie . but mickey jump forward and fire he gun at terl -- only there 's nothing but a click . the weapon do not fire . sammy leap forward and fire he blaster . click . his gun do not work either . Carlo and heywood get the same result . heywood +.- uh- oh . terl , still laugh , follow through on he swing , send jonn . fly across the room . then explain to he with a smirk . este SE ss SE I ss terl if you rat-brain know anything about firearm safety , you would know one do not store load weapon . then he turn to take care of the other . go to smack samny -- but mickey protectively grab a letter -opener from a desk , and wi blind speed , plunge the blade straight for terl 's chest -- ' only as fast as mickey be , terl be faster , and he deflect the '' blow with he arm , sustain a small cut in the process . terl then promptly relieve mickey of the letter-opener and seize the tremble twin by the throat , hold he firmly in place as - terl next time you want to stab someone , let I show you how to do it right -- he raise the sharp blade high above mickey 's chest -- jonnie ( steel in he voice ) you hurt he , I will not mine you gold ! for terl pause to consider this . then turn and convincingly bluff terl . } then I will vaporize you and get someone . else to mine the gold -- cy , 1 } jonnie -- you do not have time . you can not keep hide the recon-photos from Home Office , ' forever . and the glacier be melting . in that one moment , terl 's whole world be turn upside down . jonnie give terl a dangerous smile . jonnie ( cont would ) man get leverage over a psychlo . that would be the day , would not it ? rage burn openly in terl 's eye , but he lower the weapon and calmly turn to ker . terl «+ I think it 's time we show we little friend here a thing or two . ext . denver library -- that day a Mark ii Ground car be park in front of the library . lock in a cage in the rear of the vehicle -- sv ' int . cargo cage -- continuous Carlo , heywood and the twin watch with concern as terl drag jonnie by a leash across the street and up marble step . '' int . denver library -- concourse -- moment later terl 's usual deep throat voice sound even more ominous as it echoe eerily in the library 's expansive entryway . terl as long as you cling to the feeble hope that you can get the better of I , you will be distract from the important work which need to be do . which be why I share the follow with you ... he give the leash a good hard jerk , yanking jonnie down a -- int . corridor -- continuous terl move at he normal gait , force jonnie to run to keep up . terl ( cont would ) when we attack you planet , all you soldier , use you best military technology , be only able to put - up a measly nine minute fight before we exterminate they , along with all but a few of the six billion human pollute this planet . he snap the leash , whiplashing jonnie into -- int . central research room -- continuous the shelf lining this cavernous tomb of a room be stack full of book . a endless variety of subject and title . terl ( cont would ) everything you human know be in here . he make a big production of let go of the leash , give jonnie full run of the place . terl ( cont would ) and you can look at anything you want . because there 's nothing that can help you . he watch amused as jonnie take he up on he offer , pull book from shelf . terl can not resist call after he -- terl ( cont would ) but I be sure you will find a lot of recipe on how to prepare raw rat . terl crack - up , find this particularly entertaining . int . cargo cai ~~ rear of ground car -- later that day mickey pensively shake he head , fear the worst . mickey think he 's still alive ? heywood if he be , he probably wish he be not ... a darkness hang over the cage as everyone continue to stare up at the library , where -- ' int . denver library -- central research room -- continuous terl be filing he talon . across from he , jonnie finish look through a large stack of book . 1 satisfied ? 's jonnie yes . as jonnie head for the door , terl steal a peek at the book he be just look at . it 's the declaration of Independence . but terl can not read English . unconcern , he just shrug , swatting the book across the room . ext . dome CITY -- edge of a field -- a little later or ws ona rise overlook the dome city , a herd of graze cow cas —y curious stare across the field as the Mark ii Ground car pull ) terl emerge from the vehicle , follow by jonnie . - terl ' / you will soon be relocate to a new mining site . and if any of you get any bright idea about escape , keep in mind that while you rat-brain may not know anything about firearm , I certainly do . I just happen to be top marksman of my graduate class . and I can kill any of you at well over a thousand pace ... ( to jonnie ) tell they what I just say . jonnie ( relay to the other ) if we try to escape , he will shoot we . terl wait for jonnie to continue . and when he do not ... terl that 's it ? jonnie nod . terl be surprised , but shrug and continue with t subject at hand . he pull he blast - gun , explain -- EL a a no nnn terl ( cont would ) allow I to demonstrate . be turn and fire into the middle of the -- grazing cow killing several of the animal . the other take off in a panicked stampede of churn hoof . terl continue to calmly fire -- . blast the leg clean off the fast-move animal . send they collapse to the ground , bellowing in anguish torture . terl show off with some trick shot . from behind the back . with he eye close . all with the same horrific result ... the field litter with a bloody sea of suffer animal thrashi around helplessly . sense something behind they , jonnie turn -- ext . across the field -- continuous a grizzly bear emerge from a abandon building . nostril flaring at the smell of blood . and with a growl , he charge at -- ext . edge of the field -- continuous terl , who be too busy with he shoot demonstration , to notice . but he do note the look in jonnie 's eye as jonnie start back : away . and misread it as revulsion to the carnage on the fiel« terl do not you know you own history ? man - kind be the only animal on this planet that hunt other animal for sport ... ( have to admit ) which mean there might be some hope for you species after all -- the grizzly slam into terl from behind -- the fierce impact jar the gun from terl 's grasp as he 's violent ] mauled down . and with the grizzly on he back , pin he down , terl be unable to get he own talon up at -- the bear who be start to do damage . powerful claw savagely slashing into terl 's flesh as terl remain unable to defend himself . jonnie scoops up the gun , switch it to stun position and fire . knock the grizzly flat by the shot . Carlo can not believe it . carlo what be you do ? let the bear rip he to shred -- jonnie raise the weapon on terl , who bloody and bruise , sit himself up and give jonnie a friendly smile . terl look , we can work out a deal . there 's more than enough gold to go around -- jonnie -- you be in no position to be make a deal . . he switch the gun into kill position . carlo ( now understanding ) you be right . it 's better we kill he . and for the first time , there is_terror in terl 's eye . he brac | himself , wait for the shot . he do not have to wait long ... kablam ! terl 's eye open wide in shock . he have not be hit . the shot be direct at one of the sufferil cow behind he , as jonnie humanely end the animal 's misery . blam ! blam ! blam ! jonnie do the same with the rest of the herd . terl have to smi at the irony of it ... terl you have learn more psychlo than I ever think possible . jonnie what be you talk about ? terl to toy with I like this before you kill I . I be impressed ... ( genuinely ) you honor I . he close he eye , bow he head , ready for he execution . jonnie stand there , the gun now sighted on terl . his finger aching to pull the trigger . but he do not ... carlo what be you wait for ?! kill he ! jonnie if I kill he , then what do we do ? mickey get the hell out of here ! jonnie to what kind of life ?! always look over out shoulder , wait for another monster to come hunt we down ... I terl can not understand what the man-animals be babbling about . a but he eye remain focus on the gun in jonnie 's hand , wait | a for a chance to grab it -- but jonnie keep the weapon levele on terl 's chest , as he continue to address the other ... jonnie ( cont would ) ' «.. and what about the other back at the mining camp ? carlo there 's nothing we can do about they . ( resign ) only the god can free they . jonnie that light we see in the sky at night . ) they be not god watch down on we . carlo '' what be you talk about ? , jonnie I learn we history , today . we ancestor build fly machine that go up into the heaven . I see the 's picture with my own . eye ... se . . ( be : the star ) '' + '' . ( a that be planet . like this 'one . they be not god wait to come and save we . he wait a long beat for everyone to digest this , then ... } jonnie ( cont would ) and the great village be not build by_ . god . they be build by people , just like we . Men and woman who cherish one thing above all else . freedom. ( impassion ) it mean so much to they , they would fight to the death for it if they have to . in fact , many of they do . inspire , mickey immediately step forward . mickey you be right ... his voice be a bit impulsive , but full of conviction . mickey ( cont would ) we can not run away from the monster . we have to fight they ! } his brother , sammy , immediately join he . heywood also step '' forward in solidarity . but Carlo be not so sure ... carlo how the hell be we go to fight they ? i ss I CO ) ~ jonnie . I be not sure , yet . but I do know we be a not ready . we need to learn more about they . like they weakness . ( concede ) and we be go to have to learn other : stuff as well . I mean , we do not even ! know the gun be not go to work . a long beat , then with the look of a man who know he 's go to regret this , Carlo step forward , join the other with a sigh carlo +-- which be why we have to go back . terl watch as the damnedest thing happen ... jonnie turn to he , return the gun to he , explain it wit jonnie , surely someone as smart as you have some ' secret plan to stop I from shoot you . . if I try , you would have kill I . in the blink of a eye , terl shift he demeanor back to he old , caustic self -- ) terl = if . damn right I would have , rat-brain ! ! . ( chortle ) that 's the first intelligent thing 1 you have say , yet . he point jonnie to the far edge of the field . terl ( cont would ) rest-break 's over . there 's something else you need to see - - ext . far edge of the field -- overlooking denver -- a little late terl proudly point down to the dome city below . terl that entire city do not even equal one block in one of the hundred of thousand of city on the great Home Planet of paychlo . and from there , we control countless outpost all over the universe . each one much larger than this . one of that outpost use to be : the chinko 's planet . terl stare jonnie straight in the eye , make sure he understand : terl ( cont would ) the chinkos be the one who design the learn Machine . they be far ~ . more advanced than you rat-brain . and _ when they try to revolt , we send down ( ? we gas drone , and within minute every ~ last one of they be exterminate . ( sure of this ) so get it through you little excuse for a brain . there be no way a species as primitive as yours could ever defeat we . he let jonnie chew on that for a beat , then concede ... terl ( cont . would ) but you be right about one small thing . if you refuse to mine the gold , I may not have enough time to train anyone else . which be why it be imperative that you be properly motivate -- a second Mark ii Ground car pull up . ker emerge from the vehicle and open the trunk , pull out -- ' cerissy . relief flood she eye when she see jonnie . at least he 's alive but as hard as it be to do , jonnie give chrissy a emotionless vacant look . like she mean nothing to he { ) so and chrissy sense enough to duplicate this look . terl watch ! jonnie very closely . . . terl ' + +- you do not know she ? he pull out chrissy 's charcoal draw of jonnie . terl ( cont would ) this be on she when she be collect . jonnie try to hide the fear in he eye at what terl might do . he do not have to wait long to find out ... terl hold up a cboke -collar with a red square on it . terl ( cont would ) this collar have enough explosive to easily remove she head from she body . he secure the collar to chrissy 's neck , then pull a remote control . terl ( cont would ) and this remote can activate the explosive from anywhere on the planet . so if you ever disobey I , let I show you exactly what will happen . ext . mountain road -- a little later ker secure a second red-squared collar around heywood 's neck . jonnie listen , you win ! I will mine you gold . and I know you do not owe I any favor ... but please , do not kill he ! terl stare at jonnie . a long beat . then he finally relent ... terl Fine ... as a gesture to we new work relationship , I will grant you this one request . I will not kill he . but you can never ask for anything else again . jonnie I will not . and thank - you -- terl nonchalantly toss the remote to ker . terl as I say , I will not kill he ... ker give jonnie a evil grin , then slowly push the button -- kablam !! heywood be no longer among the live . terl and ker laugh they ass off at the shocked betrayal on jonnie 's face . «.. stupid human . ext . denver zoo -- that niget returning the human to they cage for the night , terl stare at mickey and sammy . impossible to tell the twin apart ... the two young brother watch with grow concern as terl motion to they , while ask jonnie something in psychlo . sammy «-- what do he say ? jonnie he want to know which one of you try to stab he . a look of know terror in mickey 's eye . mickey why ? what 's he go to do ? jonnie unfortunately , there 's no way of tell . or | mickey nod , accept he fate , whatever it may be . he turn -- but sammy have already step forward , sacrifice himself to terl . mickey , stunne , try to stop he -- mickey '' what be you do ?! I be the one who -- sammy -- you be just try to protect I . terl grab sammy and jonnie and march away . ext . teleportation platform -- a little later terl strap sammy to the teleportation platform , then calmly drag jonnie down to -- ext . control bunker -~- moment later ferl punch command into a console . over the hum of the generator come to life , terl explain to jonnie ... terl now that you and I have we little agreement straight , I want you to watch this , so you can tell the other : what will happen to they if any of you ever disobey I . he point jonnie 's attention to a monitor , beam back image of teleportation platform on the home planet of psychlo as ... automate voice ( from console ) teleportation in five ... in four ... in three ... in two ... in one ... ext . teleportation platform -- continuous with a thunder -clap of sound and a blinding flash of light ... sammy disappear from the platform -- ext . planet psychlo -- teleportation CENTER -- continuous and appear on one of the countless teleportation platform stretch out under a radiant purple sky . sammy can not breath the air . start to suffocate . panick , the youngster desperately undoe the strap tether he to the platform and try to run to safety , but -- the mich larger planet 's immense gravitational pul ] crush he to he knee . his eye bulg , he stare out at a -- nightmarish skyline Endless row of factory belching fire cramme between office building thousand of time taller than the World Trade Center . sammy let out a gasp plea for help as he spine start to crack under the atmospheric weight . and the last thing he see be ... psychlo worker crowd around he in curious amusement . as if observe a insect cooking in a microwave . until ... ' the young twin literally implode . his body cave in on itself mercifully end the suffer . int . earth -- teleportation control bunker -- continuous jonnie rip he eye away from the abominable scene play on the monitor . in contrast ... terl view it to its bitter end , cluck the whole time with enjoyment . int . employee recreation hall -- continuous a bunch of psychlos crowd around the bar , consume kérbango , ' include the research clerk that terl check out the disc for ker join the group , shaking he head despondently . ker I just get the worst news . my cousin numph get vaporize ... - everyone be surprised by ker 's un - psychlo like grief . ker ( cont would ) ... the bastard owed I over a thousand credit ! now I will never get it . the group nod , now understanding . ker ( cont would ) but it 's the idiot 's own fault . he know about a plan mutiny attempt , but fail to report it . the psychlos give a collective ' he get what he have come , 's shrug , then return to they kerbango as ... . the research clerk lean over to ker , nonchalantly inquire : research clerk just wonder . how exactly do they find out he know about the mutiny ? neem ker , he be on a remote rini star planet , not unlike this one , where just like here , they secretly record and archive all conversation . ( J this be news to the research clerk . ker ( cont would ) so , if there be ever a mutiny , we would obviously review every recording ... ( dark laugh ) and I would sure hate to be the poor bastard who know about it , but do not report it . int . denver zoo -- cage -- that night , ' , ' a guard toss jonnie back into the cage . mickey tentatively | approach he , afraid to ask the question , but have to ... , mickey , what happen to my brother ? ! jonnie stare at he . a long , difficult beat . then finally -- . jonnie , the monster send he up to they home . planet ... before he can continue , mickey exhales , relieved . +.- thank god , because I think for sure he be go to kill he . jonnie continue to stare at mickey , he heart break . but for the life of he , he just can not bring himself to tell he the rest int . denver HOTEL -~ continuous terl hurry down a hallway . a pair of guard snap a salute and immediately open a door , allow he into -- int . planetship live quarter -- continuous ker and the research clerk be in the room with the planetship . terl you want to see I -- planetship -- it 's my assistant ! he 's the bastard plan the mtiny . terl do a impressive job of act shocked by the news . int . assistant planetship live quarter -- a little later the Assistant planetship do not have to act . he be shocked . assistant planetship why the hell would I want to do that ?! terl slip a disc into a machine , play a recording of ... int . research CENTER -- on the monitor terl , convincingly disguise as the Assistant planetship , lean in with a conspiratorial whisper to the Research clerk . terl ( as assist . planetship ) «.+- can you keep a secret ? research clerk I would like to think so . int . assistant planetship live quarter -- continuous the Assistant planetship shake he head , point to the person ) who look just like he on the monitor . assistant planetship , that 's not I ! I never say that ! planetship oh shut up ! we know it 's you . you be stupid enough to sign you own name -- he hold up the sign - out sheet , bear terl 's perfect forgery.of. the Assistant planetship 's signature . on the monitor ... ~ int . research CENTER -- on the monitor terl , in the guise of the Assistant planetship , look around , make sure no one 's listen , before ' confide 's ... terl ( as assist . planetship ) +.. why the hell should we put up with reduce pay and no vacation , all because we incompetent planetship have no idea how to properly run this place ? research clerk I do not think the fat -ass could run any planet -- int . assistant planetship live quarter -- continuous the Research clerk immediately turn to the planetship , insist .. research clerk I only say that , sir , to trick he into tell I the plan , s0 I could immediately come and warn you of it ! the planetship give a gruff nod and continue to watch as ... gh int . research CENTER -- on the monitor on the recording , terl continue ... terl ( as assist . planetship ) all it would take be one strategically place door- bomb and I would be in charge . int . executive office suite -- a little later the Assistant planetship stand alone in front of a door to the planetship 's office . he nervously call down the hall -- assistant planetship but what if there js a door-bomb ? terl , ker and the planetship watch from behind a protective blast shield position a safe distance down the corridor . planetship I think you say you do not put one there ! : assistant planetship I do not . but maybe someone else do ! terl if you refuse to cooperate with this investigation , I be afraid regulaticn : would require I to vaporize you for the charge of high treason ... the Assistant planetship sigh . then close he eye and brace he body , as if that could samehow protect he from a explosion . and he slowly crack open the door . nothing happen . assistant planetship see , I tell you I do not put a-- a flash of light and a deafen blast as a cataclysmic explosion blow the Assistant planetship and much of the hall into oblivion . ext . STREET -- outside executive office -- moment later psychlo worker hose down the last of the fire from the explosion ker follow behind as the planetship stroll by with terl , who be adamantly shaking he head , pretend to be distraught . terl but you can not take ker ! he 's the best assistant I ever have -- y . " '' planetseip ~7 you be out of you skull if you think I be go to wait for Home Office to process a requisition for a new e-3 level executive Assistant ! a terl and ker share a secret look of victory . int . denver Z00 -- cage -- the next morning jonnie sit alone in the corner , for the first time , he look defeat . he do not even bother to look up as ... terl cheerfully stride up , snap a leash around jonnie 's neck and yank he to he foot . . terl you have get a busy day ahead of you , rat-brain . you will start with disc on mining technique , core sampling , and machine operation . he dangle a handful of dead rat in front of jonnie 's face . terl ( cont would ) , then after lunch , it 's on to drilling : and fly simulator . jonnie nod numbly . there 's no more fight leave in he . int . assistant planetship office -- later that day ' ker , in he new office , struggle through a crossword puzzle . hi | quickly hide it as the planetship stick he head into the room planetship quitting time . want to get some food ? thanks , sir , but I be go to stay and get some more work do . the planetship nad , both surprised and impressed ... int . hallway -- continuous and head down the hall , the planetship mutter to himself . planetship +-- should have have my assistant vaporize a long time ago . he head into a elevator and the door close with a bing -- int . assistant planetship office ~-- day as soon as ker hear the noise , he immediately steal into the adjoin office -- int . planetship office —- continuous and go to work , snooping through the planetship 's personal file int . security headquarters -- continuous jonnie half - heartedly push button on control panel to a holographic fight simulator . but all he manage to do be ... crash into a simulate mountain . terl ( growl ) crash one more time , and you little friend be no longer among the live . he hold up the remote to chrissy 's explosive collar , then restart the simulator . int . denver 200 cage -- that niget jonnie be back to sit alone with a despondent look . Carlo and mickey slowly approach . nothing be say for the longest time . and finally , jonnie look up at Carlo . jonnie you be right . I should have shot the monster when I have the chance ... ( quietly ) that way , sammy and heywood would still be alive . : carlo you do not kill they . jonnie no , the monster do . and I do not kill the monster when I could have . ( torture whisper ) which mean it 's my fault . mickey you do not kill the monster for a reason . jonnie give he a haunt look -- jonnie that 's the point . if we try and fight they , more of we will end up get kill . maybe even everyone ... ( barely audible ) all because of I . Carlo shake he head , try to hold back the anger . carlo this be not just about you . remember what heywood say . it 's about all of we ... mickey and we need you . you speak the monster 's language . you know thing about they . jonnie look around at the other in the cage , who be now stare at he . and he see something on they face he 's never see before . hope . the longest of beat , then ... jonnie everyone have to know . if we do this , there 's a good chance that not one of we will be alive by the time it 's over . but not one person be deterr . Carlo give jonnie 's word back to he -- carlo look around . this be not exactly live . and even if we could escape and go back to we village , we would always be look over we shoulder , wait to be hunt down by the monster . ( point ) and that be not exactly live either . mickey ( fierce resolve ) so if you can help we figure out a way to fight the monster , no matter what it be , count we in . a voice ( 0.s. ) Count we in too -- . ext . next cage -- continuous this voice belong to one of the human slave press against the bar of the next cage over , listen to what 's go on in jonnie 's cage . and from the next cage over from that ... another voice ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? the human slave turn and call to the second voice -- human slave someone in that cage know how to speak the monster ' language . and he 's go to help we fight they -- someone from the next cage ask what 's go on ... ext . next cage over -- continuous and the news be meet with the same ardent reaction . we pull back t ext . denver zoo -- continuous the message pass from cage to cage , until the whole zoo erupt ° &@ deafening roar . the battle - cry resounding defiantly in the nigh int . security headquarters -- the next day it 's a whole different jonnie . attentive and focus as he finger fly over the similator 's control panel . terl watch , impressed . then hold up the remote to chrissy 's explosive collar , gloat ... terl never underestimate what a little leverage can do , rat-brain . jonnie nod , let terl believe what he want to . ext . denver zoo -- cage -- that night everyone in jonnie 's cage crowd around he as he draw letter in the dirt , teach the other to read and write . jonnie pass the stick to Carlo , who carefully start to write letter | of he own . int . planetship office -- the next morning ' the planetship stroll into he office , but freeze in he track what the hell be terl and ker ' do in he inner-sanctum ... but then he see the file all neatly laid out on he desk . he look at they , the life drain from he eye . terl . be not it interesting you have be keep two set of book ... and while you have tell the worker that this planet 's operate at a loss , it 's actually quite profitable . the planetship shake he head , feebly try to explain ... planetship I only claim it 's run at a loss to try and motivate everyone to work harder . terl of course you do ... ( know smile ) and it have nothing to do with how it allow you to cut everyone 's pay , so you keep all the extra credit for yourself . planetship oh , that ? I can explain that -- but terl drop a heavy tome onto the desk with a resounding clang terl -- I be afraid company regulation require I to vaporize you . terl ( cont would ) but I can see how someone in you position , face with grow old and no future , might be force to find creative way to solve you financial problem . planetship «+- you can ? terl and it 's not in any of we interest for you to stop be the planetship ... but it may be prudent for you to start share some of you authority . ker hand the planetship a huge sheaf of requisition and order form , along with a pen to sign then . planetship but this form be blank . and undate . ( shake he head ) if I sign they , you could put anything you want on they . you would be run the entire planet ! I would be nothing but a puppet -- terl -- if you do not want to do it this way , we could always do it by the book . he pat he blast - gun , underscore the threat . int . mining supply warehouse ~-- that day a supply clerk stare incredulously at a requisition form . supply clerk what the hell do the planetship need with all this mining equipment ?! terl that 's not even the crazy part . ( hold up a order form ) he 's order I to take a group of man - animal with the equipment out to a remote area to see if they can be train to mine . can you imagine that ?! supply clerk man-animals be able to mine ?! the old psychlo 's go completely insane . terl tell I about it . but what can I do ... ( helpless shrug ) a order 's a order . I int . cargo cage -- later that day a howling wind cut through a large steel cage contain Carlo , mickey , and some twenty other man , along with a assortment of mining machine and equipment . the cage be suspend from the underbelly of a -- psychlo cargo-type aircraft which hurtle over the majestic Rocky Mountains . follow behind , ker be at the helm of a smaller fighter - plane . int . aircraft -- cockpit -- continuous terl keep a careful eye on jonnie , who be piloting the aircraft . a alarm suddenly blare through - out the cockpit -- automate voice ( over speaker warning ! external sensor indicate : dangerous radiation level ahead -- Blue spark be start to pop throughout the cockpit . for the first time , there be genuine fear in terl 's eye . he immediately point to a meadow visible below -- terl . what be you wait for ?! land the . damn craft . this be as far as I can go . jonnie punch button on the control panel , landing the aircraft . ext . meadow -- moment later terl motion jonnie to the cargo c a the meadow neasb go cage as ker land the fighter in terl meet I back here in fourteen day with at least half of that cage full of gold , or I will ' terminate 's you entire operation . as the threat hang there , terl check he time - piece . ext . meadow -- a little later the man have be assemble out on the meadow , when there 's a ethereal , almost otherworldly wailing from above as -- a psychlo recon drone hurtles overhead . one of the drine 's high - tech camera - lens rotate to stare down at we guy . | a transmission receiver spit out a surveillance photo take fre the recon drine , depict jonnie and the other stare up intc the sky . ker hand it to -- int . fighter plane -- moment later ext . meadow -- continuous terl , who give the surveillance photo to jonnie . I terl tell they that even though I will not be at the mining site , I will be able to keep a eye on you ... ( admonish ) and anyone who be not work hard will be ' replace ' , if you know what I mean . he pat he blast - gun , make sure jonnie understand , then turn and climb into the fighter as ker pilot it up and away . jonnie and the man start back to the cargo aircraft , but jonnie instantly whirl . eye scan the underbrush in the tree line he grab a pick - ax from the mining equipment , hold it up as a weapon . follow he lead , the rest of the man do likewise as . the bush move . and out from behind it step -- a wild - eye figure with the look of someone who have survive a long time alone in the wilderness . ignoring the ' array - of weapon | point at he , the rogue stare at jonnie in complete awe . rogue * how would you do it ? jonnie +.- do what ? rogue make that monster go away without kill you . jonnie give he a friendly smile . jonnie I be afraid it 's a long story . carlo : and .sorry , pal , we would love to fill you in , but we do not have a lot of time -- the rogue size up jonnie and the rest of the man , then nod as he 's reach some important decision , and return jonnie 's smile rogue the name 's mason , and I have get nothing but time ... ext . shopping mall -- that niget the cargo aircraft land on top of the shopping mall where jonni : and Carlo be first capture by the psychlo wrangler . jonnie and a small group of man emerge and race inside the build '' jonnie and a group of he man move through the store , scavenge walkie - talkie and rechargeable . batteries , while -- . . ext . mining site -- later that night i i ini i id we guy jonnie land the cargo- aircraft at the mining site , a now include mason , begin haul the equipment into the shelte of a cave . Carlo look up from the list he 's be study with a worried expression -- carlo if we work around the clock , we will be lucky to mine enough gold to fill half ' that cage ... there 's no way we be go to be able to do that and get all this stuff do we need for the revolt . jonnie I have sot worse news . there 's only gonna be about half of you digging . ( off they look ) I be gonna be look somewhere else for it . int . radio shack -- the next day int . gun and ammo shop -- continuous mickey and sammy lead_a separate team through a gun shop , collect weapon , and -- int . hardwood store -- continuous Carlo and a third squad scrounge up supplies , include spool 0 thin wire . int . mining site -- cave -- that day jonnie show he group basic engine mechanic as he rebuild the motor on a small , gas -power generator . nearby ... mickey and sammy 's team assemble crude , but effective - look homemade bomb from the mining equipment . int . mining site -- cave -- a little later with the generator , now reassemble , jonnie fire it to life . the man burst out in applause as electricity flow to a line of battery recharger . tt int . psychlo aircraft -~- cockpit -- day jonnie pilot the aircraft . Carlo be in the navigator 's seat . behind he , mickey shake he head -- mickey ..- hey , what 's that ? gonnie bank the aircraft around . and now , stare at they through the cockpit window be ... 1 the statue of LIBERTY watch over a completely empty harbor . ext . manhattan -- continuous the same with the city of Manhattan . the entire island be a literal ghost town . nothing move . hover overhead -- int . aircraft -- continuous : jonnie study the map , realize . jonnie we be here . over New York . a ext . mining site -- continuous - a wail sound grow louder as the recon drone pass overhead , camera spying down on the mining site , where ... int . cave -- continuous Hidden from view in the cave , two of jonnie 's man have stay behind and now pull on a series of thin wire , which run through a pulley system and out to ... ext . mining site -~ continuous twenty department store mannequin , all deck out in mining gear and hold shovel and pick -ax . as the wire be pull ... the mannequin move like marionette , look like they be hard at work mining the gold . int . security headquarters -- continuous terl grab the surveillance photo as soon as it spit out from the transmission receiver . he give a satisfied nod . / - terl - that 's what a little leverage can do for you . see they all slave away . ker well , with my share , I be go to fire all my wife and buy new one . maybe even a pretty one ... what about you ? terl bribe my way off this god-forsaken planet and get assign a real position that 's worthy of my talent and training . that have get to be the stupidest thing ker have ever hear . ' ker } you be go through all this trouble , , just so you can get a job ! ' ' ' terl not a job ... respect . the fierce desire be palpable in he voice . '' ext . WASHINGTON D.C. -- library of congress -- that day the cargo aircraft . be park next to the Library of Congress . int . library of congress -- continuous | book on uranium be spread across a table as jonnie unfold a . . . radioactive - site map of the United States . . he trace he finger , a! to 'a mountain in Colorado which bear the radiation symbol ofa | ' triangle inside a circle ... jonnie . here 's where we be suppose to be mining the monster 's gold . that symbol mean ~ radiation . which be cause by uranium . he move he finger to a area in New Mexico . jonnie ( cont would ) and here 's where my tribe be locate . mickey «-- it have the same symbol . jonnie ( look up at they ) do you guy know the name of the place where you be from ? . mickey a village call Los alamos ... carlo a island in what use to be the country of Pennsylvania ... jonnie which island ? carlo Three mile Island . jonnie find Los alamos and Three mile Island on the map . and gure enough , they both have the radiation symbol . Carlo and mickey do not understand . jonnie explain ... jonnie from what I have be able to figure out , many year ago , the monster attack we planet with a deadly gas . almost everyone die , except a few who make it into underground shelter . when the air clear , this people come out , but be then hunt down by the monster . point to the map ) only a few mist have make it to the safety of this remote area with radiation where the psychlos could not go . ' and we be descendant of that people . mickey nod , realize this be good news . mickey so even if we fail to take over the planet , we people will be safe as long as they stay in area with this radiation thing ? . ! 1 ' ' 's ' : jonnie wo , they would be safe from the monster . — ' . ( the bad news ) but radiation be not good for human , either . that 's why a lot of people in we village get sick and do not live as long as they should . he stare at they , make sure they understand . jonnie ( cont would ) so if we do not take back we planet , we people can not leave this area or they will be hunt down . but if they stay in this area , over time , more and more of they will get sick and die ... . ( the grim reality ) either way , the last of humanity will slowly but steadily become extinct . ext . louisville kentucky -- fort knox -- later that day the aircraft land next to fort knox . we guy emerge , carry large psychlo equipment case , and head into the building . oe mickey if gold 's so valuable to they , how come - - the monster have not already take it out of here ? : + jonnie from what I read in the library , the gold here be store in lead - line vault to protect it from the radiation in case of a nuclear war ... ( beat ) and that lead would keep the monster from detect the gold . int . fort knox -- gold depository -- a little later we guy stand in front of a impose vault . carlo 70 -.. you sure we be go to be able t get through this ? jonnie and mickey fire - up a psychlo laser -drill . jonnie one thing you get to give that monster , they mining equipment be highly effective . '' ghey attack the vault with the high - tech drill . it cut through , like a hot knife through butter . as the scream bit , be pull smoking from the hole , a gold '' light stream out . . ext . mining sight high angle jonnie and the other descend over the mine area . but it look very different . int . aircraft - day there be look 's of concern on they face . jonnie look like a avalanche . ext . mine - day a light shine down from the present edge and confirm it . the fissure , thirty foot back from the old edge , have simply _ open and fall into the gorge . jonnie race back to the hundred foot deep shaft edge . he look around , flash he light . . jonnie approach the hole more closely . until he see the slide mark of the cross timber that have support the hoist cage over the hole . C ) a light shine down from the present edge and confirm it . the fissure , thirty foot back from the old edge , have simply open and fall into the gorge . jonnie race back to the hundred foot deep shaft edge . he look around , flash he light . jonnie avalanche . jonnie approach the hole more closely . until he see the slide mark of the cross timber that have support the hoist cage over the hole . later the place be broadly light now with lamp the relief crew have put on pole . Carlo and the other pay out the line of a bucket rig to crane cable ... -+. jonnie and three other be lower to the bottom of the hole . they swing pick at the rock , fill bucket that be instantly shot aloft to be replace by empty one . later . - . the crew have be change . twice . but jonnie be still down there . they work in a blur of speed . another crew arrive . jonnie stay . finally , he hear a distant whisper of sound . he hold up he hand for silence . . voice ( very faintly ) ..e- air hole ... jonnie grab a long mine drill . he sock the rock drill point into it , and signal the man on the drill motor . they ' buck the drill into it with the pressure handle . and with a high scream the drill go through . jonnie Air hose ! tee oe sre be i i a St en no not I I later the place be broadly light now with lamp the relief crew have put on pole . Carlo and the other pay out the line of a bucket rig to crane cable ... ..- jonnie and three other be lower to the bottom of the hole . they swing pick at the rock , fill bucket that be instantly shot aloft to be replace by empty one . later the crew have be change . twice . but jonnie be still down there . they work in a blur of speed . another crew arrive . jonnie stay . finally , he hear a distant whisper of sound . he hold up he hand for silence . voice ( very faintly ) +.eair hole ... jonnie grab a long mine drill . he sock the rock drill point into it , and signal the man on the drill motor . they buck the drill into it with the pressure ' handle and with a high scream the drill go through . jonnie Air hose ! they feed the hose through the drill hole and turn the air compressor on . Air from the drift squeal back past the side of the hose and into the rescue crew 's face . later they have manage to clear the top of the rockfall and drag man out . pass they to the top , silently in the hoist bucket . a dust - and sweat - cover jonnie be the last one up . the salvage crew be bundle up , sit in the snow , most of they drink something hot . carlo we lose the lode . jonnie that 's alright . . int . aircraft - day jonnie yank the cover from the stack of gold bar , harvest at Fort knox . ext . meadow -- night jonnie stand next to a cargo cage half - full of gold bar as he wait for terl to land he aircraft and climb out . terl be impressed , but also instantly suspicious . terl why be it in bar ? jonnie we figure someone of you stature would not want something as coarse as raw ore . terl do not look convinced until he run a hand - hold composition ' analyzer over the gold . it check out as the real thing . hiding he glee , terl turn back and growl at jonnie -- terl I obviously need to adjust the schedule . since you rat-brain have enough extra time to smelt the gold into brick , I will now expect the rest of the gold in seven day . not bother to wait for a response , terl load the glorious gold into he aircraft . int . mining site cave -- niget jonnie and the rest of the man have reassemble back at the cave . carlo so , if we do not give he the rest of the gold in seven day , he will kill we . but if we do give he the gold ... mason +.- he no longer need we . carlo which mean he will kill we . but jonnie do not look the least bit concerned . jonnie all this mean be that we deadline 's be move up a bit . we now have seven day to take back we planet . the group nod , try to match jonnie 's confidence as jonnie get down to business , open a map of Denver . he point to the zoo in the middle of the city . jonnie accord to the monster 's field manual , even a large - scale escape of human slave from the zoo would only constitute a stage - one alarm . mickey to the monster , it would be like a bunch of horse escape . no one seem too happy about the comparison . but jonnie nod ... jonnie because the monster only see we as harmless animal , they will not be wear battle - gear when they come to round we up ... ' ( a gleam in he eye ) which mean they will not have on they breath - mask mickey excitedly jump in again , beat jonnie to the punch - lir mickey . and any monster outside a building without a breath -mask will not be able to breath once Carlo blow up the dome . } all eye spin to Carlo , who give a confident thumb -up . carlo piece-of-cake ! mason '' what about the monster that be inside the building when the dome blow ? jonnie they will survive . and we can expect they to come at we in a second assault . but that 's where you guy come in ... his eye sweep the group as he explain ... jonnie ( cont would ) everyone 's go to train how to use the monster 's weapon . then we will sneak you in to blend in with the rest of the people who escape from the zoo ... ( beat ) so when Carlo take out the first wave of monster , you guy 'li jump out and grab they weapon , then set - up a ambush for the second wave of monster who will be wear breath -mask . carlo plus , I will be fly overhead , raining explosive down on the bastard . excitement spread through the group . the plan actually have a chance of work . but then jonnie add ... jonnie but everyone need to understand . the moment we blow the dame , or fight back in anyway , this become a stage - two alarm . mickey and that 's the one thing we can not let happen , right ? jonnie right . a stage - two alarm mean the monster alert they Home Planet . and moment later , thousand of troops and gas drone will be teleport here . ( level with they ) there 's no way we could fight that . we would all be dead within second . the group 's excitement instantly turn to confusion . mason «» . then what the hell 's the point of kill all the monster on this planet , - if we be all go to get wipe out ? jonnie because before this thing get to a stage - two alarm ... ( matter - of - fact ) we be go to destroy they Home Planet . everyone stare at he . he must be joke . but he be not . ext . TEXAS -- fort hood -- the next day jonnie and a handful of man emerge from a Strategic weapon vault carry out crate of conventional explosive , as well as ... a Cruise -missile nuclear warhead . int . fort hood -~- nuclear training facility -- a little later mickey restlessly poke around , explore the classroom as jonnie and Carlo huddle over a tech -manual . the nuclear warhead sit on a table in front of they . jonnie accord to this , we have to make - sure - the fire - mechanism be -- mickey' voice ( 0.s. ) -- hey , look at this guy ! something must be wrong with they head . in the back of the room , mickey point to a old photo of a battalion of cadet , all with they hand to they forehead . jonnie nothing 's wrong . they be salute . it 's a sign of respect . he salute , show mickey , then get back to the business at hand , continue to read from the manual -- jonnie ( cont would ) ..e make -sure the fire - mechanism be properly in place and operational . jonnie and Carlo both take deep breath , then pick up tool and gingerly go to work on the warhead -- int . denver -- morgue -- continuous terl rip the lid off of a coffin and yank out the dead psychlo damp the corpse to the ground and kick it out of he way . he repeat the process with another coffin , uriceremoniously fling the corpse to the ground , then fire up a laser drill and blast away , carve false bottom into ' the casket . int . fort hood -- nuclear training facility -- that day with the nuclear warhead now partially dismantle , jonnie and Carlo carefully remove a lead plate with surgical precision . jonnie ( be : the manual ) «- . no matter what , we can not touch the auto-sensor . carlo what 's the auto-sensor look like ? jonnie the illustration be in Appendix -a ( before Carlo can ask ) we could not find Appendix -a . . carlo and if we touch this auto-sensor ? jonnie the bomb will detonate . great . int . denver -- morgue -~ continuous still whistling he war song , terl begin fill the false bottom in the coffin with he beloved gold . int . mining site -- cave -- that night everyone congregate around the map of Denver one last time as jonnie finalize the battle plan ... jonnie once the prisoner escape from the zoo , chrissy will lead they here to the Civic Center Park ... that 's where you guy will be wait to blend in with they ... and | when the guard be send to round all of you up , it should leave minimal resistance here at the teleportation platform -- he point to a section of the city away from the park . jonnie ( cont would ) which be when we will move in and secure the platform , and teleport the nuclear weapon up to they planet . mason point to the nuclear warhead . mason -.. and you be sure that thing will be enough to take - out they entire planet ? jonnie Radiation explode they breath gas . which be exactly the same as they planet 's atmosphere ... mickey slowly raise he head . a darkness in he voice . mickey with all respect , sir , I would like to be the one who go up and detonate the weapon . jonnie it 's brave of you to offer . but it 's my plan , so I go -- mickey -- you do not understand . I want to go . ( determine ) so , I can see my brother again . jonnie stare at mickey , he heart break . but this time , jonnie have no choice . he have to tell he . jonnie there 's no point in you go . no human can breath on they planet . plus , the gravity be too strong . I be sorry . ( soft ) but you brother be dead within moment of be there . ' mickey return jonnie 's look without blink . mickey : I know . : that 's why I want to go . ( quietly ) so , I can be with he again . a long beat . then jonnie finally nod , give mickey he wish . ; , " ex. denver -- employee recreation hall -- [ hat night ker come strolling out of the bar , when a figure suddenly step out of the shadow in front of he .. it 's jonnie -- jonnie there 's no way terl 's go to share any of the gold with you . ker what the hell be you talk about ? and what . be you even do here , you be suppose to be mining -- jonnie -- think about it . terl go through all that effort to trick you , so he could record you into lay out the plan . it be more than just make you the patsy . ( beat ) terl get leverage on you so he would not have to share the gold . ker how the blast do you know about the recording ?! jonnie - | it sure be interesting some of the disc one can find in terl 's personal vault . ker 's eye light - up at he sudden good fortune . he pull he blast - gun and order -- ker give the disc to I ! jonnie I be afraid I do not have it with I . ext . denver zoo -- chrissy' cage -- a little later as jonnie lead ker to the cage , chrissy hold up the disc . ker tell she to give it to I -- jonnie -- I be afraid we can not just give it to you . but you can trade for it . ker , chuckle at jonnie 's stupidity , re-pull he blast - gun . ker I do not think so , crap-brain ! because if you do not give I the disc , I ' will - - at jonnie 's signal -- int . chrissy' cage ~- continuous chrissy immediately hand the disc to someone in she cage , who in turn hand it off to another person , this continue until ... the disc reach someone at the edge of the cage , who pitch vit '' int . next cage -- continuous ker try to point he gun at the human in warning , but the process be repeat too fast for he to follow as ... ext . denver zoo -- continuous a human chain move the disc from hand to hand , cage to cage , until before ker know it , the disc disappear from view around a corner . ext . chrissy' cage -- continuous ker turn back to jonnie with a friendly smile . ker .-- what kind of trade ? int . chrissy' cage ~~ a little later ker use a special tool to remove the explosive collar from chrissy 's neck , then trade the collar for the disc . jonnie bow about we make another trade . ( motion to the zoo cage key ) as a male member of you species , you can understand why I would want to come and ' visit ' with she -- . ker -- forget it , crap-head ! you just keep you mind on get the rest of the gold ! jonnie too bad ... ( hold up a second disc ) because the gold be almost ready and I think you might want some incriminate evidence on you friend , terl . ker do not have to think about it . he immediately trade the zoo key for the second disc . as soon as ker be go ... . : ' chrissy give jonnie a confuse look . chrissy wo not the monster in charge be able to see I be no longer wear the collar . jonnie ( hand she the key ) after tonight , it will not matter much either way . there 's a unspoken tension between they . the first time they have alone since he leave they village . chrissy try to cover it with chrissy I know you do not believe in fate , but I have always know you be destine to do something great ... jonnie «.- we be go to do something great . all of we , together . - she nod , but there 's still something not be say . the longest of beat . and finally , jonnie struggle to find the right word . . jonnie ( cont would ) and we need to do this not only for we own freedom , but for the possibility of a life for the child . chrissy look at he and start to ask something , but do not . he return she look , clarify ... jonnie ( cont would ) a life for we child . ( quickly add ) of course , only if you would be willing to take a ' arrogant greener 's as you husband . chrissy I do not know ... ( warm smile ) I think I could live with that . they embrace . each of they know it might be the last time . int . security headquarters ~- that night terl -come strolling into the office , but suddenly stop in he track . every monitor in the room be play a recording of -- .. terl ( on the monitor ) . ... we would have to use explosive . Home Office would detect they and send down a survey team , which mean we would not be able to keep the gold for ourselves . ker smugly pause the disc , freezing the guilty evidence . ker I have be think . eighty -twenty be a pretty fair distribution of the gold ... ( loving every moment of this ) but J should get the eighty per cent . terl stare at he . and without hesitation : terl congratulation ! I know there be a true psychlo in you somewhere ! ker remain on guard . he 's not about to fall for any trap . but terl seem genuinely happy , if not downright ecstatic . terl ( cont would ) you finally figure out how to get proper leverage on someone . ( more ) terl ( cont would ) which mean I have not waste my time try to train you ! ker can not believe it . this be go much better than he think . ker you be not upset ? terl do not be crazy ! you do not know how long I have be wait for this day . and I know just the perfect way to celebrate -- he pull he blast - gun and slide it into kill position -- ker what be you do ?! you can not kill I ! ( explain ) . I make a copy of you disc and give it to someone for safe keep . and if anything happen to I , they will turn it into the authority . a freeze beat . then terl have to lower the gun with a sigh . ker ( cont would ) - it 's you own fault , sir . ( good -nature ) you be just too good of a teacher . terl and how about give the old teacher a clue as to who this person might be ? ker you insult yourself , sir . you teach I better than to fall for that one . terl well , then how the hell be I suppose to know who it be . I mean , it could be anyone on this damn planet ... it could be one of the mechanic . it could be a concubine . it could be someone in the communication office . Hell , it could even be ... terl open he desk drawer and calmly pull out -- the bartender' severe head terl ( cont would ) we friendly bartender ! ker 's face immediately go death - white . terl toss the head to k terl ( cont would ) you know , you really should choose you friend a bit more carefully ... ker look from the head to the desk drawer to terl , realize terl have this plan all along . his body slump in defeat . terl raise he blast gun . ker do not shoot ! you win ! I will go back to be the patsy ! he fumble a disc out of he pocket and hand it to terl . ker ( cont would ) see ? that 's the disc of I lay out the plan . you can have it back . which mean I be back to be the patsy . and you can not kill the patsy , right ?! terl here 's you final exam . try real hard to pass it ... when commit a crime , how many patsy do one need ? as ker chew on this , terl remind he -- . terl ( cont would ) and while you be think , remember all the hard work we put into get leverage on the planetship . a process , I might add , that you be quite resourceful in help with . the life drain from ker as ... ker the planetship order we to train the man-animals to mine the gold . so , if anyone find out , he would be responsible . ( practically cry ) and you only need one patsy . terl very impressive . you pass the exam with high mark . kablam ! terl shoot a fist-size hole through ker 's face . terl ( cont would ) but I be afraid you fail the course . ker be dead long before he hit the ground . '' / ext . denver Z00 -- continuous a pair of sentries make they usual nightly round , when they hear a strange noise . turn , they catch a glimpse of -- na lone human slave Racing away up a path and disappear around a corner . 200 guard how the hell do that one get out ... the other guard shrug , unconcern . after all , man-animals be not that fast . so they calmly walk - jog after the escapee -- ext . around the bend ~~ a little later with the escapee now in tow , the guard head back to the zoo . one of they shake he head in amusement -- zoo guard not only be this man-animals slow , but they have get to be the stupidest thing . ( jeer laugh ) . it do not even have the sense to hide . it just stand there , let we -- | : the word freeze in he throat as they turn a bend and ... ext . denver zoo -- continuous every single cage be empty . not a human in sight . the only sound the eerie creak of open cage door sway gently ~ in the night . ext . denver -- a little later klaxon horn crank - up , wail into the darkness . int . morgue -- continuous terl finish load the coffin full of he precious gold onto a cart as he bark into he radio - - terl ( into radio ) -+. then send all available guard to round they up ! I be busy , you do not have to bother I with every little detail ext . teleportation platform -- moment later the teleportation supervisor hang up from a radio call -- no / teleportation supervisor that security guy at the zoo have get to be the biggest crap-head ! what do they do , leave all the man-animal cage wide open ?! ( point to several of the guard ) all non-essential personnel be to go over and help with the round -up . the select guard grumble about have to go , and ... ext . denver -- street -- continuous join the steady flow of other psychlos respond to the call . but no one 's in too big of a rush . it 's just a man-animal escape . ext . civic CENTER park -— - a little later chrissy and the escape human watch as the psychlos move in on they with rope , electric prod - stick , and nets . ext . teleportation platform -- continuous _ the supervisor instruct one of the two remain guard . '' teleportation supervisor go haul that two new guy out of the crapper and send they too -- the guard share a know chuckle . first guard mozzontom 's revenge . second guard until you get use to the water , blast local parasite will get you every time -- still chuckle , he shuffles off to a squat build . 's int . natural history museum -- continuous keeping a careful eye out the window , mickey key a radio . mickey ( into radio ) there 's three monster remain ... two be stay at the platform . one be head into a building to the east -- ( check he map ) which be the latrine . '' } ext . mining site ~- continuous across from the teleportation platform , jonnie whisper to mason . , jonnie I will take the two at the platform . you take the one in the latrine -- mason nod and they silently divide up , slip through the night like shadow . int . squat build -- continuous the guard head inside the latrine , holler to the occupy stall teleportation guard time to earn you pay -- one of the stall door open and a psychlo stumble out , pull up he pants . he look more than a little green . new psychlo I know come to one of this remote rim-star planet be a mistake . a second psychlo emerge from another stall , not look any better . they trail after the guard , who head back for the door . - ext . telepo ! rtation platform -- continuous the supervisor shake he head , complain to the remain guard . teleportation supervisor '' if any of the man-animals get break in the round - up , you just know the brass will use it as a excuse to justify cut we pay again -- a kill club fly through the air , smash into he head . the fierce impact jar the psychlo forward , but do not kill he . he spin around to see what the hell just hit he as a -- pick - ax = - instant death . and before the first guard can react , jonnie pull a -- hunting knife and slit he throat . er ss ext . top of the dome -- continuous Carlo land the aircraft on the apex of the dome and jump out with a armful of explosive . ext . latrine -- continuous the second guard come strolling out of the latrine as a -- pick ax - blade slam deep into he chest . mason pull he knife to finish the monster off , but freeze at the unexpected sight of -- two other pyschlos head out of the building . one of the psychlos immediately pull he blast - gun and fire at -- . mason , who try to leap out of the way . but the shot blow off he of he leg . send he crumpled helpless to the ground as ... the psychlo aim he gun dead center between mason 's eye and -- jonnie' knife scream through the air , imbed deep in the psychlo 's throat . a enormous paw blur in the air , come at hin .. talon rake - the side of he face . jonnie have the gun in position , and fire at a huge chest . he punch blast after blast into it , drive he back . int . latrine ~- continuous the first guard , pick - ax still bury in he chest , cling to life as he manage pull he radio ... psychlo ( into radio ) we be under attack . from man-animals with weapon . they have already kill -- jonnie flash inside , knock away the radio , then slit the psychlo 's throat . int . communication headquarters -- continuous a alarm suddenly go off on a long console . a communications officer check it , then spin to he supervisor -- ' ' communications officer Sir , I have unconfirm report of a ' man-animal ' revolt . and have just be set-off on top the d : the supervisor hurry over . ext . natural history museum ~- moment later from he look - out position , mickey spot a group of armed psychlos sprinting toward the teleportation platform . mickey ( into radio ) five monster approach ! heavily armed ! from the South -- ext . teleportation platform -- continuous jonnie hurry to apply a make -shift field tourniquet to mason 's leg , then drag he behind the relative safety of -- ext . control bunker -- continuous jonnie . pull he blast -gun , wait for the psychlos to come _into , range . as they do , he open up FIRE -- ext . MAIN road —- continuous one of the psychlos go down . and another . the remain three scramble for cover , return fire -- ext . control bunker blaster -fire scream all around jonnie , pin he down as Carlo 's voice suddenly come over the radio-- carlo' voice ( from radio ) the explosive be set ! how long ' till I can blow the dome -- jonnie ( into radio ) -- hold on ! I be afraid we have get a little situation here . ext . top of the dome -- continuous Carlo finish plant five set of explosive in a diamond - shape around the dome 's apex , when he whirl as -- a psychlo craftlland on the dome behind he . carlo ( into radio ) okay , but do not make it too Long ! I have get company up here -- ext . teleportation field —- continuous the three psychlo Guards run from cover to cover , work they way to set - up a cross-fire on jonnie . from one of they radio -- communication officer ( from radio ) please report ! what be the security status of the teleportation platform -- one of the psychlo 's pull he radio to respond - — ext . control bunker -- continuous jonnie try to draw a bead on he , but the shot be obstruct . so jonnie grab a rock and throw it behind -- ext . teleportation field -- continuous the psychlo , who key he radio - - . psychlo . , this be response team leader at the teleportation field -- be instinctively turn toward the sudden noise of the rock landing behind he , inadvertently step out of he cover -- ext . control bunker -- continuous which be all jonnie need . kablam ! he drop the psychlo . the other two monster open up fire on -- jonnie , who return they fire , but he gun suddenly run dry with a revealing click ... click ... click ... ext . teleportation field -- continuous hear this , the two psychlos immediately charge the bunker . ext . control bunker -- continuous jonnie desperately search for another weapon . but all he have be he knife . which will not do much good against ... the two psychlos storming into the bunker , turn they blast - gun on he at point- blank - range -- | jonnie | be you sure you want to kill I without | first check with you superior ? the psychlos freeze . not so mich at what jonnie say . but because -- | a psycelo it speak psychlo ! jonnie nod , speak a little slower than usual . jonnie that 's right ... which should make it obvious that I have be train as part of a secret high - level operation ... the two psychlos exchange a look , then pull they radio . jonnie ( cont would ) although , before you radio you superior , maybe there be one other thing you should be more concerned about . a psychlo and what the hell be that -- kablam !! one psychlo go down in a‘bloody heap as -- . jonnie have stall they long enough for mickey to sneak down into position . the remain psychlo turn he gun on the young twin - - but jonnie jump the psychlo from behind , slashing its throat with he hunt knife . ext . teleportation platform -- moment later jonnie and mickey load the nuclear warhead onto the platform , then -- ext . control bunker -- continuous jonnie race over and enter the activation sequence into the console . the high - pitch hum fill the air as the generator - . g@ynamos start wind up . grow louder as ... automate voice ( from console ) teleportation sequence initiate . a ; ( ) teleportation in twenty ... in nineteen ... ext . top of the dome -- continuous a heavily armed psychlo security response team have deploy from the aircraft and be fire at -- Carlo , who be force to dive back into he own -- int . aircraft -- cockpit -- continuous and take off . one hand grip a detonator , Carlo watch as the psychlos move to investigate the explosive set around the dome 's apex below . carlo ( into radio ) if I do not blow the dome now , I '' not go to be able to -- ext . control bunker -- continuous the drum of the generator reverberate through the air as the automated voice finish the countdown to teleportation ... automate voice ( from console ) in five ... in four ... in three ... jonnie turn , double -check that mickey , the nuclear detonator in hand , be on the platform along with the warhead . jonnie {tnto radio ) carlo' voice ( from radio ) think you would never ask -- automate voice ( from console ) in two ... in one ... ( a buzzing sound ) teleportation sequence cancel . and before jonnie can react -- terl press a blast - gun against the side of he head . terl hope I be not interrupt anything . a eerie stillness as the generator - dynamo slowly fall silent . ext . top of the dome -- continuous the psychlos on the dome have already disarm one set of the explosive surround the apex , and be remove another as -- int . aircraft -- cockpit -- continuous Carlo hit the detonator -- '' ext . top of the dome -~ continuous kabboonm !!! the psychlos be blow to bit . but with only three of the five explosive package in place , the dome spider -web ... but do not collapse . ext . teleportation platform -~- moment later keeping he gun train on jonnie and mickey , terl key he radio . terl ( into radio ) this be Security Chief , terl . I have personally take care of the situation at the teleportation field . there be no need to send additional guard communication officer's voice ( from radio ) yes , sir ... and should we continue round - up the man-animals in the park ? terl lock eye with jonnie as he calmly respond -- terl ( into radio ) negative . we boy have be work : hard and deserve a little fun .. tell they to set they weapon to kill position and happy-hunt . ( grin ) exterminate all the man-animals at will . jonnie return the stare in helpless anguish ' as -- ext . civic CENTER park -- moment later a collective roar of enthusiasm go up from the psychlos as the order be relay . they toss down they net and rope and draw they blaster , set they into kill - position , then -- eire_on the unarm human . chrissy urgently pull she radio . cbrissy ( into radio ) they're open up Fire on we ! what 's go on with the dome -- carlo' voice ( from radio ) ~- hold on , I be take it out ! int . atrcraft -- continuous Carlo pilot the aircraft , send it scream full - speed right for the spider - web of crack glass surround the dome 's apex -- ext . top of the dome the aircraft blast straight into the dome . the jarring impact cause the high - tech glass to buckle ... . but the dome 's structural integrity remain intact . ext . civic CENTER park -- continuous the blood bath continue as the psychlos blast down the unarm human like target in some amusement park game . chrissy desperately grab a branch from the ground and throw it like a kill - club -- the impact knock the blaster - gun out of the paw of a psychlo , who be surprised a man-animal be able to do that ... let alone a female man-animal . chrissy and the psychlo both dive for the weapon . rablam ! chrissy 's the one who come up with it , blast a hole through the monster chest , then spin , fire on another psychlo . one of , jonnie 's train man spring forward out of the crowd , grabbin the weapon from the fall psychlos , then join chrissy in fire on - the other psychlos , who realize they be under attack , aggressively return fire , catch the rebel fighter in a cross -fire , tear he to shred . the psychlos then turn they weapon on chrissy , as -- int . aircraft -- continuous Carlo try to reverse the aircraft , but the engine impotently grind , mortally damage in the collision . the torture scream of people die below can be hear over the radio . and Carlo know he have no choice ... be reach behind he to a impressive collection of explosive device and grab a grenade , pull the pin . carlo ( into radio ) the dome will be blow in five ... four ... he toss the grenade back with the other explosive and stare ahead with grim determination , continue the countdown to he own ath . carlo ( into radio ) Three ... two ... one -- the grenade detonate . setting - off the rest of the explosive ext . top of the dome -- continuous the aircraft exploding in a massive fireball . the powerful blast be finally enough to completely shatter the weaken dome -- ext . civic CENTER park -- continuous chrissy be under intense fire from all direction . she 's force back against a side of the building , trap as the psychlos move in for the kill , fire relentlessly at she , when from above ... a sky -full of snowflake - size piece of glass rain down , shimmer like ethereal spirit dance in the night air . but as beautiful as it be , the result be deadly to the psychlos . without breath -mask , they drop to the ground , convulse -- ext . teleportation platform -- continuous in contrast to terl , who calmly pull a breath -mask from he pocket . as he secure the mask , he explain to jonnie with a smirk -- : terl . lo if I be you , and thank - psychlo I be not , blow up the dome would have be my move as well ... ext . civic CENTER park -- continuous the rest of jonnie 's man grab the weapon from the now dead monster and join chrissy in take position to ambush the second wave -- ext . teleportation platform -- continuous rerl keep he gun train on jonnie and mickey , while calmly key he radio -- terl ( into radio ) uplink a red-alert to Home Planet . ( matter-of - fact ) it 's time we eradicate this pitiful man-animals once and for all . communication officer's voice ( from radio ) with pleasure , sir -- terl pluck the nuclear warhead off the teleporter and nonchalantly toss it into the field behind he ... then load the coffin full of he precious gold onto the platform . int . communications headquarters -- continuous the Communications supervisor finish punch a authorization cod : into the console and slam a key card into a slot and turn it -- ext . planet psychlo ~- continuous under a perpetual purple sky , the Home Planet 's automated response system immediately go to work . tower robotic arm load -- massive gas drone onto a teleportation platform as -- thousand of SHOCK troops all in full - on battle gear , swarm onto the platform . ext . earth -- teleportation platform -- continuous terl finish load he gold onto the platform , then '' keep the gun on jonnie ... terl even though you be just a rat-brain , I must admit you give I quite a sport challenge . and you will make a hell of a interesting conversation piece once you be stuff and hang on the wall at the Academy alumni Club . with the weapon train on jonnie , terl back up to the control bunker . mickey can not keep the panic from he voice . mickey what be we go to do ?! he send the red-alert -- jonnie -- we ! be go to let he start - up the teleportation sequence ... ( fierce resolve ) then no matter what happen to I , just make sure you and the nuclear weapon be on the platform . ext . control bunker —~ continuous the high -pitch hum of the generator start to fill the air as -- terl punch in the last of the command for teleportation . adtomate voice ( from console ) teleportation sequence initiate . ( a i ) teleportation in twenty ... ext . teleportation platform -- continuous jonnie charge off the platform . terl spin and fire at he -- but jonnie manage to dive clear of the shot , then pivot with blur speed and throw he -- hunting knife through the air , send it straight at -- terl who try to twist out of the way , but the knife slam deep into he shoulder . terl pull it out as -- jonnie launch himself like a possess demon straight into he . fuele by primal rage , jonnie be able to jock the’ much - bigger psychlo to the ground , jarring the gun from terl 's grip . but terl be bigger and stronger . he pin jonnie down and savagely tear into he with he razor- like claw -- jonnie lunge up and grab terl 's wounded shoulder with both hand . squeeze and twist as hard as he can , jonnie wrench terl off of he . but the victory be short live as ... terl roll over and be now able to get back onto he foot . but . jonnie hang on . and stay focus on the monster 's weak spot . digging one hand into terl 's wounded shoulder , while pummeling at it in a mad blur with the other , inflict what damage he can -- hiss in pain , terl swat jonnie back to the ground then grab he blast - gun and stand , tower over -- jonnie , who can see behind terl , where ... ext . teleportation platform -- continuous mickey struggle with all he might , just manage to boost the nuclear warhead back onto the platform . ext . control bunker -- continuous automate voice ( from console ) teleportation in twelve ... in eleven ... ext . teleportation field -- continuous jonnie lock eye with terl , try to keep he from notice mickey scramble onto the platform with the nuclear weapon . jonnie look , I know you be go to kill I . but I have one last request . terl aim the gun straight down between jonnie 's eye . terl I be afraid you be in no position to be make request — jonnie -- I know . but I be begging you . ( plead ) with the gas drone come , be there any way to spare one human life ... because you be right about the young lady you put the collar on . I do know she . ( quietly ) she be to be my wife . terl can not believe jonnie 's stupidity . chuckle with glee . terl . thanks for remind I , rat-brain . ( pull the remote to chrissy 's collar ) before you die , you should have the pleasure of know what happen to you little " wife " to be . terl raise the remote with one paw , the other point the blast - gun down at jonnie , who stare he straight in the eye . jonnie trust I . you do not want to do that -- terl trust I . I want nothing more -- terl plunge the remote 's button . obviously not realize that -- when jonnie grab he shoulder , he have clasped the explosive collar from chrissy under one of the gold epaulette and -- + blood gush from he shoulder where it use to be connect to a arm . terl be too stunne to react as -- jonnie dive to the ground , grab the blaster - gun still connect to what 's leave of terl 's arm . ext . control bunker -- continuous the hum of the generator grow louder . automate voice ( from console ) in five ... in four ... in three ... ext . teleportation field -—- continuous keeping the blast - gun on terl , jonnie turn to check on -- ext . teleportation platform -- continuous mickey pull out the nuclear detonator . a sense of deep pride at the mission he 's about to perform . as the countdown finish -- mickey turn and give he friend jonnie a salute . ext . teleportation field -- continuous . jonnie salute mickey back with eye full of respect . the field suddenly rock by a deafening roar and blinding light , and -- ext . planet psychlo -- teleportation CENTER -- continuous with the gas drone and shock troops all load for earth , the countdown for teleportation be at ... automate voice ( from console ) teleportation in five ... in four ... at the far end of a seemingly endless row of platform -- ext . planet psychlo teleportation platform -- continuous mickey appear , along with terl 's coffin and the nuclear weapon . the psychlo worker in the vicinity laugh at mickey 's fate . but mickey stare at they without blink -- qo mickey I know I be go to die ... the psychlos obviously do not speak English and have no idea what he 's say . but they crowd around in morbid curiosity as ... the planet 's overwhelming gravity crush mickey to the ground . the young twin 's eye bulg , he announce to the crowd -- mickey ( cont would ) but so be you -- this crack up the other . with he final moment of life , mickey push the detonator button ... : ext . teleportation platform -- continuous as the countdown to earth 's destruction finish -- automate voice ( from console ) in two ... in one -- kkkaaabbbbblllllaaaaaaammmmmmmi III ell pil the gas drone and SHOCK troops vaporize into oblivion -- along. with everything else in the path of the mushroom cloud .- slamm through the city like a tidal wave . of pure destruction . blast apart countless psychlos and they building . and after the initial blast subside , the radiation react with the air - ~ cause the AIR to explode in a instantaneous chain - reaction spread out faster than the eye can see , as ... the atmosphere be literally burnt away from the planet . ext . space -- continuous a blind white flame expand out until it surround the mammoth planet .- Burning with searing intensity until -- the entire planet explode into nothingness !!! slow fade ext . fort knox -- day a aircraft land at the fort , and jonnie and chrissy emerge . mason , sport a finely - craft wooden leg , step up to greet they . mason we be all but do here . the painter just finish yesterday . S jonnie nod as they head into the fort . jonnie good . because now that we have get everyone out of the contaminate area , we be go to need you help organize a summit with the clan leader . int . fort -- lower level -- moment later mason lead jonnie and chrissy down a long armored hallway and through a thick vault door , to where -- int . inner vault -- continuous terl , a stump where he arm use to be , downs a shot of kerbango in he new ' live quarter ' , which have be paint purple for he . he stare at jonnie through the steel bar . terl what kind of barbaric species be you rat-brain ? either put I to work as a slave or have the decency to vaporize I . ( with revulsion ) but to imprison I -- : jonnie -- oh , we will put you to work , do not worry . ° ( explain ) you tell I yourself , Earth be not the only planet that you psychlos colonize . cbrissy .-- and that other psychlos out there probably be not too pleased about what _ happen to they Home Planet . terl stare at she in amazement , then eye jonnie . terl she speak psychlo . chrissy we all do ... jonnie we figure it might come in handy if that other psychlos ever decide to come by for a little ' visit . terl one could only hope . a jonnie ~ which make you useful to we . after all , you do graduate top of you class . cbrissy so you must have some understanding of psychlo battle tactic and strategy . terl ( snide laugh ) and why the hell would I ever help you ?! jonnie I be just guess that you would not want . the other psychlos to know that it be you greed and corruption that allow we to destroy they home planet . terl stop laugh . his eye narrowing into slit as jonnie hold up a disc . sjonnie ( cont would ) I may be a rat-brain , but I be smart enough to figure out how to make a copy of this before I give it to ker . on terl 's look of complete and utter defeat , we ... fade to