the Battle of algier the Battle of algier 1 villa headquarters . inside . night . Inside a three - story villa , just build , with whitewash wall . a elevator shaft be empty , the large cable dangle . on every landing two apartment . the front door be wide open . whitewash on the floor of the hall , swirl of whitewash on the windowpane , naked light bulb hang from electric wire . the room contain hardly any furnishings . the kitchen be still without sink and stove . a agitate bustle , a rhythm of efficiency . paratrooper go up and down the stair , pass along the hall , enter and leave the room . the sound in the background be indecipherable . shouted order , cry , howl . shout , half -spoken remark , laugh . somewhere a gramophone be playing at full blast . the scene be tense . no pause . when the paras be tired , they move to another room . they sit down , stretch out on the floor , drink coffee or beer , and smoke cigarettes while await the next shift . suddenly , the rhythm of this routine , the timing of this image be upset . a para rush down the stair , and ask cheerfully while run : marc the colonel . where 's the colonel ? paras why ? what 's happen ? marc we know where Ali la Pointe be . one of they " speak " ... his voice echoe through the corridor , on the landing , from one floor to another . the excitement be contagious . many crowd around the door of the kitchen . the algerian who have " speak " be there . he be young with a thin face and feverish eye . the paras be all around he : they help he stand up , dry he , clean he face with a rag , give he some coffee in a thermos cover . they be full of attention , sincerely concerned . one of they try to push away the other . para c'mon , let he breathe ! meanwhile other who be arrive ask if it be true . other paras so he speak ? do he really know where Ali be ? marc it seem so . we will go see . give he a little coffee . Marc be tall and husky , he eye young and cheerful . one of the other ask he with a shade of admiration : para hey Marc , you make he talk ? marc ( smile ) sure . he then begin to smoke again , and move aside to rest a bit . the algerian be try to drink , but he hand be tremble . someone help he and hold still the cover of the thermos , draw it to he mouth : lagloy c'mon sadek ... drink , you will feel better . the algerian drink , but he stomach can not take it , cause he to double over and vomit again . Colonel mathieu enter , elegant and graceful . mathieu ( smile ) at ease . be it true ? marc I think so . rue des abderame three ... the colonel turn to the para , who have go to call he , and who be hold a pair of camouflage fatigue in he hand . mathieu dress he . then he go near the algerian , lift he chin , inspect he for a moment with curiosity . mathieu Chin up , it 's all over . nothing can happen to you now , you will see . can you stand up ? the algerian nod yes . the colonel turn to the paras who be hold he up . mathieu let he go . he take the camouflage fatigue and hand they to the algerian . mathieu here , put they on . the algerian mechanically take the fatigue , but he do not understand . the colonel explain to he : mathieu we be try to help you . we be go to the casbah . dress like this , they will not be able to recognize you . understand ? we be go to see the place , then you will be free ... and under we protection ... the algerian shiver from the cold . he be completely naked . he laboriously put on the fatigue which be too big for he . mathieu go on , give he the cap . they give he a wide belt and buckle it . the other paras , one on either side of he , pull up he sleeve to the elbow . a third place the cap on he head and cock it . lagloy nationalize ! the colonel turn to he angrily : mathieu do not be a idiot , lagloy ! the algerian be ready . the paras look at he repress they laughter . the algerian continue to tremble . his breath be short , he eye glossy . he be cry . captain let 's go . the algerian look around . he breathes deeply . then , suddenly , unexpectedly , he let out a hoarse cry : sadek no ! and try to jerk forward toward the window . Marc seize he immediately , and with he right hand grab he by the chest , almost lift he . with he leave hand he give he two quick slap , not very hard . marc ( persuadingly ) what do you think you be do , you fool ? do you want we to start all over again ? c'mon , be good . do not make I look like a idiot in front of the other . he make a reassure sign to the colonel . then , he take the algerian by the arm , and they move off . 2 street of algier . outside . dawn . october 7 , 1957 . the city be gray and white , by the sea which look like milk . the dawn outline she feature sharply . the street and wide avenue of the european quarter be empty . silence , until gradually be hear ... a humming of motor . one truck after another . they headlight on , with a opaque glow , by now useless . a line of truck follow one another along the sea-front , all at the same speed . they turn right and go up toward place du gouvernement . here , without stop , the column divide in two . the two line enter each of the two road that lead up to surround the casbah . in the brighter light , the casbah appear completely white , limestone . enclose by the european city , it stand at a great height and overlook it . mosaic of terrace . White pavement , pavement intersperse by the black outlay of narrow alley . only a jump from one terrace to another ... agile and silent , the paras jump one by one from the truck in a hurry . SOUND of truck . they arrange themselves geometrically , they movement synchronize . they disperse and disappear in the alley . they reappear together , then once again scatter . they meet without look at one another ; each one take he own course . in like manner without a sound , they be above , even on the terrace , in perfect geometry . even up here , the paras tighten they grip ... 3 rue des abderame . courtyard of house . inside / outside . dawn . every three yard , there be a para , even at all four corner of a intersection . they be also in the side street as well as the main street . and also above , against the sky , many other paras appear . number three . the doorway be the height of a man . a squadron stand ready in a semicircle with machine gun in fire position . Marc continue to hold up the algerian by he arm . the captain glance at he watch , then look up at the terrace and give a signal . in a lower voice , without turn around , he speak to the para who be at he back : captain Fire ... the para near the front door , he leg wide open , he machine gun , clench at he side , and aim at the lock . machine gun FIRE . he move the gun barrel in a circular direction . immediately the other hurl themselves against the door . at the same time , the door of the terrace be break down , and the paras burst into the house below . the inner courtyard be square . in the center there be a well ; above , a patch of sky ; on four side , the arcade , column , and majolica arch . beneath the porch , there be a door for every dwelling . and above , a balcony with railing and other door . the door be wide open . the paras quickly carry out they order . order , curt and brief . the people be use to all this and know how to obey . the scene take place exactly as if it be a arrange maneuver , a practice drill . the room be emptied in a few second . the people be crowded together in the courtyard . eye wide with fright . Men , woman , and child with blanket and sheet throw around they shoulder . by now , it be almost day . a soft light be diffuse from above . the algerian walk with he head lower , Marc on one side , the captain on , the other . they climb to the first floor and go along the balcony . the algerian stop in front of a door . the captain murmur softly : captain here ? the algerian nod yes . they enter . 4 ali be room . inside . dawn . the room be badly light . there be a mattress on the floor , and another on the table , a cupboard against the wall , some chair . nothing else . at the back of the room to the leave , there be a divide curtain hang by a cord at medium height . the curtain be draw and a large bed with brass headboard be visible . the algerian point in that direction ; the captain signal for he to go there . they go forward silently , and push aside the curtain . there be a small light bulb hang on the wall beneath a small shelf cover with postcard and photo . the baseboard all around be more than three foot tall and be cover by majolica tile . the algerian point to a spot in the brick structure , on the back wall , between the headboard of the bed and a corner of the room . Marc and the captain have they machine gun ready . the captain go near the wall , he breath draw , and begin to examine it . he run the fingernail of he thumb along the wall horizontally , between one row of tile and another . he tap the tile at different place until he hear the plaster in the interstice crumble . he look at the bit of plaster that be leave in he nail . he squeeze it in he fingertip ; it be soft , newly laid . then he bend over , place he ear to the wall , and listen . suddenly he smile . 5 ali' hiding place . inside . there be not enough air in the hide place . the four be force to breathe deeply . and in that small space they laborious breath resound like splashes . Ali la Pointe have he eye fix upon the square patch of wall that seal the hide place . his eye be large , black , slant , he eyelid heavy , somewhat lower , so that the black of the irise appear even blacker in the shadow , deeper and more sullen . petit Omar be with he , a boy of twelve , and mahmoud who be eighteen . there be also hassiba , a kabyle girl , blond , blue -ey , and fair skinned . the hide place be only five foot high , and hardly hold they . they be sit or stretch out on the ground , close to one another . the entrance to the hide place be block by the small patch of wall which match exactly the rest . it be hold firm by a bar through a iron ring attach at the center . on the other side of the cell , above they , there be a hole for air . they be tense and do not move . they lip be dry , half -open , and they breast rise and fall in a difficult attempt to breathe . captain ( off ) Ali la Pointe ... the house be surround . you have not get a chance . surrender . let the child and the girl come out , then you and the other one . leave you weapon inside . it 's useless to try anything . we machine gun be ready to fire -- you would not have time . do you understand ? Ali 's face be motionless and have not change its expression . captain ( off ) Ali , do you hear I ? listen ! you be the last one . the organization be finish . all you friend be dead or in prison . come out . you will have a fair trial . come out , surrender . SOUND of footstep , other voice , cheerful , incoherent : voice paras why be they breathe so heavily ? fear ... Air ... they have not get enough air inside ... and again the voice of the captain , clear and somewhat distant : captain ( off ) make up you mind , Ali ? do you want we to wall you in , or do you prefer that we blow you to piece ? ... alright . so much the worse for you . Ali 's expression be still firm ; he stare be dark and sullen . 6 view of the casbah . outside . day . november 1 , 1954 . the casbah : compress humanity , swarm in the alleyway , on the step , in the cafe , in the arab bath , in the mosque , and in the market ; a tangle of voice , gesture , face , veile woman , eye . someone be put up a handbill , another distribute they . speaker " National Liberation Front ! algerian brother ! the time have come to break loose at long last from the bond of misery in which one hundred and thirty year of colonial oppression have keep we chain . the moment of struggle be near ; we goal -- national independence ... " 7 view of the european CITY . outside . day . the european city : reinforce concrete , asphalt , steel , light , shop window , building , automobile . a steady rhythm of efficiency , music , cordiality , a apéritif . speaker " in order to avoid a fatal and bloody conflict , we propose a honorable program of discussion to the french authority , on condition that they recognize the right of we people to self - government ... " and the Algerians who work in the european city , the docker , waiter , laborer , street - cleaner , farm -hands , and gardener . speaker " Algerians unite ! be ready for action ! the National Liberation Front call you to struggle . " unemploy , peddler , beggar , shoeshine boy ... 8 STREET card game . outside . day . two hand be move ; one over the other , they criss -cross with incredible speed ; at the same time , they be shifting three small piece of wood which appear to be identical . the hand movement be mark by a kind of algerian chant . from time to time , the piece of wood be overturn for a split second so that the other side be visible . robust hand , thick , unusually agile for they size . the hand of Ali la Pointe , young then , twenty - four year old . a european quarter of algier . come and go of people , automobile traffic . on the sidewalk a small group of european and two algerian boy . other passersby stop to watch . the group crowd around the stand where Ali la Pointe be play he game . the entrance eye of all present be stare at the piece of wood . Ali 's hand seem to move by themselves . his glance , always a bit sullen , apparently distract , indifferent , pass from one face to another , and then to the street , from one side to another . at fifty yard , a policeman . two european , a man and a woman , be speak to he in a excited manner , and nudging he along point to Ali . woman look ! yes , that 's he ! Ali be no longer sing . his hand have stop move . a police siren be heard . Ali push he way through the crowd . he break into a run . the policeman also begin to run . 9 STREET . ali' flight . outside . day . the street be sloping . Ali flee , pursue by the policeman . he dodge passersby with agility . he gain ground . but nearby be hear ... siren and also in front of he . another two policeman ; they too be run . there be a intersection . at the corner , a cafe . gay music . Young european lean against a shop window stop chatter and look . Ali reach the corner , cross the street , pass by the bar . there be a blond youth , about eighteen , who seem to be a student who stretch out he foot , and push a chair in front of he . Ali stumble and fall . the youth attempt a laugh , and at the same time move backward . Ali be lie face downward , but suddenly turn he head toward the youth and stare at he . then lift himself by he arm , he turn to look back . the police be now twenty yard away . Ali get to he foot . for a split second , he hesitates . he hurl himself against the youth , headfirst . use he head , Ali ram into the youth 's face , strike he in the nose and splurting blood everywhere . the youth be unable to shout . he open he mouth in the attempt , but the only result be a gurgle sound and blood . his friend intervene . Ali be surround . the police arrive . a mass of people jump on Ali , kick he and strike he with they fist as long as they please . finally the police aid Ali and disperse the crowd . Ali be now in handcuffs and be lead away . more people have arrive . they be yell , shouting insult , and spitting on Ali . Ali pass in they midst protect by the police . he pay no heed to the fist blow , the shout , the spit , but seem neither to see nor hear , as if he be already resign to have lose the battle this time , and be prepare to wait patiently for a better chance . he be walk with a unfalter step . his face be emotionless , oval , swarthy . his hair black and wavy , he forehead low and wide ; he eye large and slant with eyelid somewhat lower , he mouth firm and proud . speaker Omar Ali , know as " Ali la Pointe " bear in miliana , March 1 , 1930 . Education : illiterate . occupation : manual laborer , farm hand , boxer , presently unemployed . former conviction : 1942 -- oran juvenile Court , one year of reformatory school for act of vandalism . 1944 -- two year of reformatory school for theft . 1949 -- Court of algier , eight month for compulsory prostitution and resisting arrest . habitual offender . 10 paris 1955 . outside . day . the air be clear and springlike . a 4cv citroen delivery van be park in front of the Minister of the Interior warehouse . the rear door be open , the motor be run , a policeman be at the wheel . two worker in overall exit from the warehouse . each one be carry a box , and place it inside the van . the box be make of seasoned wood , both of they rectangular . they be each about eight inch long ; one and two yard high respectively . the two worker sit down inside the van , toward the rear . they be face toward the exterior . they foot be dangle and almost touch the ground . the jolting movement of the van in motion cause they to laugh . street of paris . spring . Girls with lightweight cling dress . the two worker call they , whistle , gesture , and then move off in the distance . orly airport . the van stop in front of a warehouse . the two worker jump to the ground , place the box on they shoulder , and enter the warehouse . the box be move on a mobile ramp . there be a large label on each one which say : republic of FRANCE . minister of the interior . destination : barberousse prison . algier . 11 algier . barberousse prison . outside . morning . barberousse prison be situate on the outskirt of the Upper casbah . it be a ancient fortress with thick , high surround wall , which appear to vanish in contrast with the central building which dominate they . the whole structure be cover with limestone like the other house of the casbah . only the bar on the window and the big gate be black . the gate open . a cover jeep enter the prison courtyard . in the stronghold of the jeep be the two box send from Paris . early morning . the sky be pale blue . in the prison courtyard , the worker open the two chest and assemble the guillotine . it be possible to see it from the cell window that face the courtyard . face of prisoner appear between the bar of some window . the worker have disappear . only the delicate , makeshift structure of the guillotine be visible , its slender outline lengthen . 12 prison cell . inside . morning . in one of the cell there be about twenty prisoner . the cell be huge ; there be two very high window that almost reach the ceiling . a prisoner be stand on the urine bucket , and look outside through the bar window . on the ground there be some mat which serve as bed . nothing else . about ten prisoner be in a group , seat on the ground , and they be speak in whisper . ad lib dialogue in lowered voice . two of they be play with some stone on a chessboard draw in the dirt ; other be speak among themselves . one be read a mickey mouse comic book and laugh to himself . but all of they , in appearance and behavior , be distinguished from that who make up the more numerous group . this solitary man be different in some way , they be not ordinary delinquent . Ali la Pointe be alone , withdraw from the other , seat on the ground , he shoulder propped against the wall , he knee raise . he be barefoot . on he leave ankle , directly above he foot , be tattooe two word in print : tais - toi . his shirt be unbuttone and on he chest be other tattoo in a strange design . Ali look at the group and seem to listen to they murmured word absent-mindedly . his expression be taciturn , reserve , and indifferent . Ali turn to the prisoner at the window . prisoner at window look at they ! Ali jump to he foot . everyone move toward the two window . Ali move away two yard at a quick pace , then run toward the window , and grab hold of the bar , heave himself up to it . the condemn man turn and look up toward the window . he seem to smile although he face be motionless . in a soft voice , he speak to that face which appear behind the bar : condemned man tahia el djez-air ! [ Long live Algeria ! ] the political prisoner take up the phrase and recite it gutturally , keep time to the step of the condemn man . political prisoner tahia el djez-air ! 13 prison courtyard . outside . morning . the condemn man walk toward the guillotine accompany by guard and a priest read the Koran . there be also the executioner wear a black hood . the executioner try to appear indifferent . the priest recite he prayer . the entire ceremony seem improvise and hasty . the epilogue be reach quickly . prayer . the condemn man bend . the executioner place he neck in the right position , adjust it , turn he head a bit , then push he body forward . he release the mechanism . the blade fall , the head roll . there be no longer a chorus . no one be chant . Ali 's eye have remain motionless . then from above , as the dismember body be be carry away in a basket , as the priest , the guard , and the officer be leave , as the worker dismantle the guillotine , from above , from the balcony of the casbah , suddenly the " ju - jus " of the woman be hear , dense like the cry of bird , shrill , metallic , angry . women ju-ju ... 14 SMALL square . casbah . outside . day . JANUARY 1956 . it be raining . the water run along the gulley of the narrow alley . the white house have turn spongy gray . the child of the casbah be play and spattering mud . skinny and half - naked child with bloat belly and hair cropped because of sore . they mother call they in vain . they continue to run , play , and wallow in the mud with a despair gaiety . call . voice . shout . petit Omar be then ten year old . he be slender , dress in long pants and a jacket which be too large for he and tear so that he seem almost clownish . calm and absorb , he pass in the midst of the other child , but do not notice they or they game . a small square on a sloping ascent . in the center , a fountain . on the elevate side of the square , on a corner , there be a mosque . sound of church music . stand still at the foot of the step be a algerian in white cloak , and hood down to he eye . other people pass by . the algerian be turn to one side so as not to be see . petit Omar walk toward he and near he back . the algerian turn ; it be Ali la Pointe . he tell the boy with a tone of boredom and curtness : ali go away ! petit omar Men have two face : one that laugh and one that cry ... Ali look at he incredulously and ask : ali and they send you ! the child slip a hand under he sweater to he chest . petit omar sure , something wrong with that ? Omar take out a piece of paper fold in four , and hand it to Ali . petit omar take it . everything 's write here . he turn away and begin to run . ali wait ! Omar stop run and turn to Ali . ali come here ... come . Omar retrace he footstep . Ali go to meet he . ali ( in a brusque manner ) can you read ? petit omar sure ... Ali hand back the paper . ali read it . petit omar here ? Ali turn and look around he . he squat on he heel in order to reach Omar 's height . ali here . it be still drizzle . Omar unfold the paper and begin to read it . 15 rue random . cafe medjebri . outside / inside . day . the follow day at 5 p.m. , rue random . the street be fairly wide for a street in the arab quarter and at this hour it be crowded with people . there be Algerians in traditional costume and other in european clothes . noisy and tumultuous background ... voice , sound , word -- all mix together . veile woman with intent glance . Silent woman who seem to float through the crowd , untouchable . a arab cafe fill with customer at the table and bar . through the large shop window , a smoky , steamy interior be visible . the cafe be locate in rue random , number 40 . omar ( off ) there be a arab cafe at rue random 40 . the owner 's name be medjebri . he be a police informer ... medjebri be stand behind the cash register , smile , very busy . he be wear a traditional costume . he be very clearly visible through the shop window above the head of the customer . in a doorway near the cafe there be a clock hang from a signboard in front of a store . it be five o'clock . a french policeman enter the cafe . omar ( off ) every day at 5 p.m. , a french policeman go to see he . he stop for a few minute to get information with the excuse of drink a cup of tea . you have to kill the policeman ... ali ( off ) not medjebri ? medjebri move away from the register , still stand behind the bar , to where the policeman be seat . he greet he , and hand he a cup of tea . omar ( off ) no . it say the policeman . the policeman be lean on the bar . he be tall and husky , and be wear a scruffy uniform with a kepi push back somewhat . now he thick lip be sip the scalding mint tea . ali ( off ) okay ... the large clock and store signboard . stand in front , there be a slender girl , veile , she eye darting in contrast with the rigid form of she motionless body . her arm be raise to form a arch , she hand support the edge of a large basket balanced on she head . omar ( off ) at the corner , right in front of the large clock , there will be a girl carry a basket . when the policeman come out , you will follow he together . at the right moment she will give you a pistol . you have only to shoot ... quickly and in the back . now the policeman have finish drink he tea . he make a sign to pay . smiling , medjebri refuse the money , and say good - bye . Ali approach the girl . they exchange glance . the girl put down she basket which be fill with corn , and rest it by she side . she move slowly toward the cafe . Ali walk beside she . the policeman be come out of the cafe . he rudely bump into that who be enter . he make he way along the sidewalk , and move further away , balance he heavy body at every step . Ali and the girl be about a yard away from he . they follow he , push along with the many other who be crowded on the sidewalk . then the girl plunge she hand into the corn . in a second , she place the revolver in Ali 's right hand . he hold it under he cloak . the policeman 's back be a hand 's - bredth away . but Ali do not shoot . he move forward to pass by the policeman . alarm , the girl look at he , and try to hold he back . she shake she head as if to speak . Ali smile at she . his eye have a hard glint . he move a few step past the policeman . suddenly Ali turn , lift he arm as if to push he way through , and then stretch out he hand with the revolver aim . the policeman stop ; he eye be wide with fear . instinctively he lift he arm and open he palm . terror paralyze he . Ali glance about he . many people be move away hastily , but other stand still in a circle and watch fascinate . Ali speak to all of they , in a loud voice . his eye be alight . ali do not move ! look at he . you be not give any order now ! you hand be up , eh ! do you see he , brother ? we master be not very special , be they ? a sharp , metallic click . Ali try a second time , press the trigger again . several click . revolver empty . Ali roll the gun barrel ; it be empty . the policeman slowly lower he hand . his right hand rush to he holster . Ali be ready to jump , throw away the gun , and start to move forward . he knock down the policeman , who be overwhelm , and fall backward . the crowd move away quickly . Ali start to throw himself on the frenchman lie on the ground , but stop halfway . a think restrain he . he turn and see the girl who have pick up the revolver and hide it again in she basket . then she move away hurriedly . Ali curse angrily , then , kick the policeman 's head twice , and run after the girl . he reach she , grab she shoulder so roughly that she shout . ali ( in a whisper ) bastard ! ... bitch ! the girl struggle free from he grip . at the same time , they hear behind they ... police whistle . the girl quicken she step . 16 side alley with front door . outside / inside . sunset . the girl arrive at a side street , enter it , and break into a run . Ali be again beside she , but unexpectedly the girl enter a front door . she bend , place the basket on the ground , remove the revolver , and hide it in she breast beneath she shawl . she get up again , and leave the basket . Ali block she way . ali tell I what this joke be all about . the girl attempt to push past he toward the door . djamila let 's move now or they will catch we . Ali grab she by the arm , shake she , and shout uncontrollably : ali I want to know who send I that letter . what 's he name ? djamila he 's wait for you ! ali where ? djamila we be go there ... if you do not get we arrest first . the girl nod toward the street where two policeman be pass by hastily . Ali move backward into the shadow of the doorway . he regains control of he nerve , loosen he cloak , and let it fall on the basket . he be dress in european clothes , trousers and pullover . ali ( push she ahead ) move ... go ahead . I will follow you . the girl take a look outside , then go out . Ali follow she a few step behind . by now it be dusk . 17 terrace . kader' house . outside . night . it be a starry night and there be few light visible in the window of the casbah . in the background , there be the triumphant neon of the european city , the sea , the ship at anchor , the shine beam of a lighthouse . kader turn around gracefully , and go to sit on the wall of the terrace . kader you could have be a spy . we have to put you to the test . Ali look at he sullenly . ali with a unload pistol ? kader I will explain . kader be a few year older than Ali , but not so tall . he be slender with a slight yet sturdy bone structure . the shape of he face be triangular , aristocratic , he lip thin , he eye burn with hatred , but at the same time , cun . he continue to speak in a calm tone which have a ironic touch to it . kader let 's suppose you be a spy . in prison , when the nlf contact you , you pretend to support the revolution , and then the french help you to escape ... ali sure . by shoot at I . kader even that could be a trick . you escape , then show up at the address which the brother in prison give to you , and so you be able to contact I ... ali I do not even know you name yet ... kader my name be kader , Ali ... saari kader ... in other word , in order to join the organization , you have to undergo a test . I could have tell you to murder the barman , but he 's a algerian ... and the police would let you kill he , even though he be one of theirs . by obey such a order , you still could have be a double agent . and that 's why I tell you to kill the french policeman : because the french would not have let you do it . if you be with the police you would not have do it . Ali have follow kader 's logic a bit laboriously , and he be fascinate by it . but not everything be clear yet . ali but I have not shot he . kader ( smile ) you be not able to . but what 's important be that you try . ali what 's important for I be that you let I risk my life for nothing . kader c'mon ... you be exaggerate . the order be to shoot he in the back . ali I do not do that kind of thing . kader then do not complain . ali you still have not tell I why you do not let I kill he . kader because we be not ready yet for the french . before attack , we must have safe place from which to depart and find refuge . of course , there be the casbah . but even the casbah be not safe yet . there be too many drunk , pusher , whore , addict , spy ... people who talk too much ... people who be ready to sell themselves , undecided people . we must either convince they or eliminate they . we must think of ourselves first . we must clean out the casbah first . only then will we be able to deal with the french . do you understand , Ali ? Ali do not answer . kader have come down from the wall and look toward the casbah . Ali too look toward the casbah , immerse in the night . ali and how many be we ? kader not enough . 18 area of casbah underworld . outside / inside . day . MARCH 1956 . a warm spring wind , large white cloud . at the western edge of the casbah , from the Upper to lower casbah , the street of the algerian underworld descend to the brothel quarter . speaker " National Liberation Front , bulletin number 24 . Brothers of the casbah ! the colonial administration be responsible not only for we people 's great misery , but also for the degrade vice of many of we brother who have forget they own dignity ... " Shady bar for gambler and opium smoker , shop fill with tourist trinket , merchant , fence , pimp , child with adult face , ghastly old woman , and young girl , whore stand in the doorway of they house . the girl have they face uncover have put scarve on they head , knotted at the nape . speaker " corruption and brutality have always be the most dangerous weapon of colonialism . the National Liberation Front call all the people to struggle for they own physical and moral redemption -- indispensable condition for the reconquest of independence . therefore beginning today , the clandestine authority of the nlf prohibit the follow activity : gambling , the sale and usage of all type of drug , the sale and usage of alcoholic beverage , prostitution and its solicitation . transgressor will be punish . habitual transgressor will be punish by death . " 19 bar . european CITY facing casbah . outside / inside . sunset . it be dusk . in the european city , the first light be visible . people begin to crowd the bar for a apéritif . a algerian shoeshine man leave he workbox at the entrance of the bar . he go to the counter . he be tall and thin as a reed . he take from he pocket a handful of change ; he hand tremble slightly as he count it . the barman recognize he , fill a glass of wine , and place it in front of he . the algerian pay and take the glass . it 's probably not he first ; the tremble of he hand increase . the algerian drink the wine in one gulp , then go to the door . he wait patiently while some european enter . he go out , pick up he workbox , and move away . 20 rue marengo and step . outside . sunset . the algerian be stand at the top of some steep , almost vertical step that lead from the european quarter to the casbah . now he be in rue marengo . there be still some daylight . the street be crowded . the algerian be unsteady on he leg . he stop and mutter something to himself . it be obvious that he be try to hide he drunkenness . he begin to walk , he hand against the wall for support . he stumble . the workbox fall , scatter brushes and can of shoe polish on the ground . the algerian bend down , and begin to pick up he tool . he be swear . other have see he . a peddler point he out to a child of about ten . it be petit Omar , who nod yes , then whistle . another whistle answer he , then another and another . there be other child , at every corner of the street . they arrive in a run and gather together . Omar point to the drunk who be now move away , and give the order to attack . it be evident that this be not a game for they , but a duty . there be a chorus of brief shouting , of insult , and whistle . the drunk see they approach . he be terrify . he try to quicken he step . they reach he quickly and surround he . they attack he and then flee , small yet elusive . they do not laugh even once ; they face be hard and cruel . the drunk swing around hold he workbox by its strap . some child be hit ; some fall . the drunk avail himself of this chance to escape , and retrace he step to the staircase . he begin to descend toward the european quarter . but the child be again upon he . they be shouting more loudly now , and push he . he quicken he step , and staggering jump the step two by two . the child trip he and he fall . he be cry . he shield himself with he hand . the workbox have fall and be roll down the step . the child be now on top of he , like small beast on a carrion . they smother he , push he and pull he . they be no longer shouting . all of they be intent upon they effort . only the drunk be shouting despairingly . they succeed in move he , and hurl he down the step . he roll downward , try in vain to grab something with he hand . 21 bar casbah . outside / inside . day . outside the sun 's light be blind . Inside the small bar there be fresh air and shade . a young algerian , with lifeless eye and a idle expression , be roll a opium cigarette . he light it . two slap cause the cigarette to fall from he lip . Ali la Pointe be wear a djellabah , a type of cloak without buttone which slip on over the head . there be a open of about eight inch at the waist . Ali have stretch he arm through the open to slap the opium addict , who recognize Ali , smile , and make a daze grimace . opium - addict Ali la Pointe ... ali wake up ! have you see hacene le bonois ? opium -addict ( shaking he head ) not today ... then he get up laboriously , bend down , and look for the cigarette that have fall from he hand . he do not reach it . Ali quickly crush the cigarette with he foot . he be wear a pair of sneaker . he move away and leave the bar . 22 STREET bar . casbah . outside . day . Ali continue to scour the street . from time to time , without linger , he ask someone : ali see hacene le bonois ? then add : ali tell he I be look for he ... 23 brothel quarter . outside . day . off limit entrance to the brothel quarter . the street widen , the alley branch off and seem to broaden . there be one or two european , not only tourist in search of adventure , but also element of the international criminal underworld who mingle here with the Algerians . almost all the building house a brothel or other place of ill-repute . on some doorway sign be hang which read : this be a honest house . 24 brothel . inside . day . Ali have enter a brothel . it be morning and there be few client . the whore be algerian and european . some of they be pretty . the madam be a algerian , dress in european clothes . she be about forty , heavily make up . when she spot Ali , she interrupt she usual professional chant . she seem curious , yet glad . madam ( shouting ) Ali la Pointe ! she stop herself , already sorry for have speak so quickly and imprudently . Ali do not answer she , but approach with a steady and serious glance . madam ( change tone ) have not see you around for some time . I think you be still in prison . Ali lean against the counter , never once take he eye off she . ali be hacene le bonois here ? madam no . he leave early this morning . you know how it be with the boss ... ali I want to see he . if he show up , tell he that I be around . Ali move away from the counter and turn . he leave without a word . the woman try to understand what have happen , and follow he with a worried glance . 25 SMALL STREET . hacene . outside . day . hacene Ali , my son ... where have you be hide ? Ali turn suddenly , then pull back so that he back be against the wall of the alley . ali ( in sharp voice ) do not move ! then he glance at the other . ali hand still . the other be three young Algerians , hacene 's bodyguard . hacene le bonois be tall with short leg out of proportion with he enormous chest . he be somewhat corpulent . he have a wide face , a cheerful and self - confident expression . his clothing be a strange combination of algerian and european which do not , however , appear ridiculous , but impose . at Ali 's remark , he expression change , become amaze and baffle . but at the same time , he eye give away the brain 's attempt to find a explanation and a solution . hacene ( astonished ) you know I never carry weapon ... Ali keep he arm and hand hide under he djellabah . ali I know . hacene laugh warmly , and stretch out he hand which be enormous , thick and rough . hacene you afraid of this ...? ali do not move , hacene . hacene why be you afraid ? we have always be friend . one might even say that I bring you up ... be not it true , Ali ? ali it 's true . hacene what 's happen to you ? ali the nlf have condemn you to death . hacene be stunne . he speak aloud he thought in a soft voice . hacene ah , so its come to this ... then he burst into loud laughter , and seem to turn to the three guard at he back . hacene I be die of laughter ! ha ... ha ... ha ... Ali do not speak . he continue to stare at hacene . hacene suddenly stop laugh . his tone of voice change , become brusque and hurried . hacene how much be they pay you ? ali they be not pay I anything . they have already warn you twice ; this be the last warning . decide . hacene what ... what must I decide ? ali you have get to change occupation , hacene . right away ! hacene make a gesture as if to emphasize what he be go to say . hacene ( with irony ) okay , you convince I . then suddenly , unexpectedly , he let out a shrill scream , like fencer who before plunging they sword , try to frighten they adversary . simultaneously , he hurl himself forward , head lower and arm outstretch . Ali step aside , and release a blast of machine - gun FIRE . hacene fall flat on he face . there be movement . some passersby approach . the three boy try to escape . ali ( shouting ) stop ! the barrel of the machine gun be visible through the open in he djellabah . Ali 's voice be quivering angrily : ali look at he well ! now nobody can do whatever he want in the casbah . not even hacene ... least of all you three piece of shit ! go away now ... go away and spread the word ... go on ! 26 wedding . outside . day . summer . there be a garland of flower strung across a alley . a front door be open , and the guest continue to arrive . 27 wedding house . outside . day . in the inner courtyard , there be bench and chair arrange in row . in front of all of they , there be two chair separate from the rest , one next to the other . in front of they , there be a small table with a pen and inkstand on top . the people remain stand , about twenty Algerians , of all age . they be speak among themselves in thick whisper . there be a expectant and ceremonious atmosphere . buz . mahmoud be seventeen then . he have soft down on he cheek , he first beard . he be thin , he neck long and tense , he glance nervous . he appear to be the protagonist of what be about to take place . his hair be comb with care and cover with much hair cream . he be wear a clean and newly buy white costume . many of the other come to speak with he ; the young one be joke and try to provoke he . ad lib remark . mahmoud react comically with a grim frown with which he try in vain to hide he shyness . at the same time , he glance secretly , anxiously , up to the empty balcony on the first floor . much gay and lively chatter can be hear from a open door above . 28 wedding room . inside . day . in the room , a group of girl be busy prepare trays with cup of coffee . they be little more than child , twelve or thirteen year old , with soft complexion , white tooth , and shine eye . they seem child who be play , but beneath that veneer of gaiety , some anxiety be noticeable , emotion in suspense . the falter voice of a old woman call from the adjoin room . a girl leave the group , lift the divide curtain , and near the bed where the old woman be lie , she kneel beside she . the old woman lift she hand and place it on the girl 's hair , caress she tenderly . she speak in a waver voice , and she small yet kind eye fill with tear . old woman' speech in arabic . the girl nod yes , then she get up and go to rejoin she companion . pass before a mirror , she stop a minute to tidy she hair . 29 wedding house . outside . day . they appear on the balcony , then descend to the courtyard . the nervous glance of mahmoud scan they face , then rest upon that girl who , with lower eyelid , also glance quickly at he . meanwhile the trays be be pass among the guest . now the people turn to face the front door . a young man have enter carry a briefcase under he arm . behind he be two boy who seem to be he bodyguard , and be the only one dress in european clothes . both of they have they right hand under they jacket , which be old and tear . they seem to be armed . they close the door , and remain stand on either side of it . the man with the briefcase walk toward the table . all present look at he respectfully . he smile , respond to they greeting , shake hand with all . but he refuse coffee and seem to be in a hurry . he sit down , place he briefcase on the table , open it , and take out a large notebook . from the open briefcase , the metallic butt of a sub-machine gun appear . on the cover of the notebook be write : nlf -- algerian autonomous zone . civil record . he turn the page of the notebook until he reach the last write page . then he glance up toward the people who , in the meantime , have take they seat . he smile , say a few word , then call two name . mahmoud walk forward stiffly , erect , he eye stare straight ahead of he . the girl also walk forward , with a perplex expression . they sit down next to each other , but without look at each other . the ceremony consist of a few word . finally the two youth look at each other . mahmoud try to smile , but he cannot . the girl 's expression soften somewhat . her glance be tender ; she lower she face quickly . meanwhile the other recite the verse of the Koran in low voice . chorus . 30 rue d'isly . outside . day . JUNE 20 , 1956 . 8:05 a.m. there be a french guard , no more than thirty year old . he have a blond mustache , he beard recently shave . there be few people in the street . the guard walk slowly , glance in the shop window from time to time to admire he reflection . he stop , adjust he cap , and smile . a algerian appear beside he ; he be also young . the guard pretend to be interested in the photographic equipment which be on display , then move on . the algerian 's arm spring forward and return quickly to its place . he plunge the knife into the guard 's neck . the guard open he mouth wide to shout , but he cannot . the blood gurgle in he gash throat . none of the few passersby have see what happen . the guard fall flat on he face . someone see he and scream . the algerian hurl himself on top of the soldier , open he holster , take he pistol , then get up pull the gun with he . the gun be fastened by a leather cord . the cord get tangle in the gash neck of the guard . the algerian pull in vain . he panic . he look about he with terrify eye . people approach hurriedly . they be shouting . the algerian pull the cord a second time , desperately . he regains he control , pick up the knife which be lie on the ground , and cut the leather cord , thus freeing the pistol . the other have almost reach he and he be surround , but he manage to dodge they , and escape . 31 boulevard bru . outside . day . 8:40 a.m. a group of zouave on patrol , three soldier and a officer . the street be sloping ; on the right there be a high fence cover with advertising sign and cinematographic poster , all of they tear and full of hole ; the emptiness on the other side be visible through the hole . the soldier be chat among themselves and look at the poster . a soldier stop because he see something move on the other side of the fence . he point to it and shout , but not in time . machine -gun FIRE interrupted by single shot . the soldier fall , the other remain motionless , unbely . they begin to run and scatter and look for cover . a algerian appear on top of the fence . he move like a cat , and jump from the other side . his invisible companion continue to shoot . he be unarm , and run to the dead soldier . he grab the machine gun and retrace he step . the action take place in a second . by now the soldier too be shoot , but it be too late . 32 police station . chemin ain - zeboudja . outside / inside . day . 9:10 a.m. a police station in the casbah , a small prefabricate one-story building . at the main door there be a police guard . a group of five Algerians be approach . they be talk among themselves , and gesticulate . buz . the policeman enjoy watch they , then ask what it 's about . all five of they answer he at once , try to outdo one another . the policeman have to shout to make they keep quiet . then , assume a very humble behavior , they enter silently . the oldest among they speak in a mournful voice . he seem to be cry and ask the sergeant something . the policeman call a colleague , and tell he to accompany the Algerians . four of they go with the policeman , while another remain in the wait room , say that it be better because he be afraid of lose he control . then he begin to explain the reason for the quarrel : it concern a will . the old man be he grandfather , but he have recently remarry . then from inside be hear ... machine -gun FIRE . the policeman react quickly and try to draw he gun . but the algerian be faster and fire point-blank . the four reappear . one of they be wounded . all of they be armed with revolver , and carry at they side a machine gun and two sub-machine gun that they have take from the armory . other cry and shot be hear behind they . all five of they run out in haste . 33 rue marengo . outside . day . 9:45 a.m. another police station . two policeman be chat in front of the entrance . a black renault be pass by at a walk speed , then slow down almost to the point of halting completely . the right door open and there be a burst of machine - gun fire . one of the policeman have be , hit , and grab the other so as not to fall . another burst of ... machine -gun FIRE . the two policeman fall down together . the car motor be accelerate , the tire screech and the renault shoot forward . a military jeep arrive from the opposite direction , crash into the car and block its escape . a algerian flee and be pursue . another descend from the auto with he hand raise . the soldier shoot and kill he . 34 avenue du 8 novembre . outside . day . 1:10 p.m. a large garage with workshop and fill station . in front be some automobile and a military truck . a scooter with two algerian boy pass by , rumbling noisily along the road . then at full speed , it make a sharp turn , retrace its step and turn again . the boy seem to be show off for fun . meanwhile , the employee of the garage be leave they work since it be lunchtime . the attendant at the gasoline pump be leave alone . the scooter stop in front of the high - test gasoline pump . the attendant be a european , a elderly man , who approach they hold in one hand some bread he have just unwrapped . he detach the pump handle of high - test , and ask how many gallon . one of the Algerians point a revolver at the attendant , and tell he to pour out the gasoline on the ground all around . the other , meanwhile , go to the other two gasoline pump , detach the handle , and fasten they in a open position in order to empty they of gasoline . he use two piece of iron that he have bring with he to clamp the handle open . he stretch the pump hose as far as they can go toward the garage and the park car . the gasoline flow all over the large square . the two youth be again on the scooter ; they tell the european to move away . they have soak a rag in gasoline and they light it . the gasoline continue to flow from the two open pump . the european be by now far away , the scooter be already move away , and at the same time , the boy hurl the light rag into the square . it immediately burst into flame . 35 commissioner 's office . inside . night . the night of the same day , in a office of the police commissioner 's headquarters . on the desk , photo of the day 's terroristic attempt be pile in a heap . a employee be in front of he typewriter . the Assistant commissioner be about forty year old , very robust . his face be somewhat wide , ordinary , and with heavy feature . he leaf through the photo while speak on the telephone . it be a very warm night , and the window of the office be open . from outside be hear the SOUND of traffic . assistant commissioner ( on telephone ) yes , sir , but they have not receive a search - warrant yet . rue d' isly ? we follow they for a while , but then we lose track ... yes , sir , but it be in another precinct . no , it be not in theirs ... there be some suspect for rue marengo ... no ... the judge have not give permission yet . he be request a formal investigation first . yes , sir , yes ... yes , sir , yes -- but we have not enough man . of course , I understand ... if it be possible , sir , you should ... but the commissioner can not ... in ... but could not you ... alright , sir ... we will let they cut we throat then ! he slam the receiver angrily and begin to dictate he report . his voice be harsh , fill with rancor . assistant commissioner time : 3 p.m. attempt at homicide against a patrol of the 3rd b.p.c . place : luciani street at El biar . weapon : revolver 7.75 . victim : a soldier wounded in the right leg and groin . hospitalize . assailant : unknown . ... time : 3:35 p.m. homicide . place : chopin Street , opposite number 20 . weapon : p.m. 38 . victim : private second -class dare Jackie , bear March 12 , 1931 . decease . assailant : a moslem . height : five foot and seven / eight inch . Light color clothing . probably escape in simca . license plate unknown . time : four minute past 4 p.m. homicide and attempt at homicide against patrol of border guard . place : intersection between consular Street and General laquiere ... wait a minute ... the officer stop speak , take a glass from he desk , and go near the window . on the ledge , there be a bottle of beer , leave there evidently to keep it a bit cool . he take it , fill he glass and drink . then he speak in a lower voice , while look outside , without even give any direction to the employee who wait with he hand poise about the keyboard of he typewriter . assistant commissioner I want to see the newspaper tomorrow . if they be still talk about pacification of we moslem brother ! he return to he desk . assistant commissioner where be we ? employee intersection , between consular Street and General laquiere Avenue ... 36 varied flash . police station . outside . day . in front of police station : ain-zeboudja ... rue marengo ... and all the other ... in the casbah ... in the european quarter ... sandbag entrenchment be be prepare , barb wire be be stretch , metallic lookout turret be be set up . it be very hot . worker and policeman work in silence . there be a oppressive atmosphere . speaker " ordinance of the prefecture of algier : all police station in algier , without exception and until further notice , be require to prepare and maintain external protection device . the shifting of guard outside must continue uninterrupted twenty - four hour a day . sentinel must be equip with automatic weapon ... " 37 european and casbah pharmacies . mustapha hospital . outside / inside . day . View of pharmacy in the european quarter and in the casbah . the shelf , medicine ; people who be buy . the mustapha hospital , reserve for Algerians . the ward : hospitalize Algerians . speaker " the Governor - General of algier decree : article no. 1 -- the sale of medicinal and pharmaceutical product , effective for the cure of gunshot wound , can be make only to that who present write authorization from the commissioner of Police . article no. 2 -- director of all hospital and clinic must produce to the police authority a immediate list of all patient admit to they institution for the care and treatment of gunshot wound . " 38 casbah road block . outside . day . the casbah be be close off . every point of entrance , every alley , every street that join the casbah and the european quarter have be block off with wooden horse and with barb wire nine foot high . there be also worker , policeman , and soldier who be work at the barricade . Beyond they , on the other side of the barb wire , the Algerians seem to be encage . speaker " the prefecture of algier state : in the course of this last few day , dozen of assault have be commit in this city . we have reason to believe that the assailant originate in the casbah , and that they have always find a speedy and easy refuge in the alley of the arab quarter . as a result , and in order to alleviate without delay the insecurity that now reign in the city , the prefecture of algier have decide that entrance to the casbah can only he permit at that point in the blockade under military control , where citizen in transit must exhibit they document at request , and submit to eventual search . " the casbah be imprison , like a huge concentration camp . only five street have be leave open , the widest street . there be five exit where the wooden horse serve to restrict passage , and where some wooden post for the guard be be build . every exit be mark by a sign with large lettering . 39 blockade marengo . outside . day . august 10 , 1956 . at each blockade , there be two ramp , a entrance and a exit to the casbah . the Algerians and some european crowd around in both direction . the soldier be wear fatigue with helmet and machine gun . the european be not request to show identity papers . the Algerians be often frisk , and accept this fact silently , patiently , without any sign of intolerance . but if the soldier attempt to search a woman , then , it be different . a woman begin to shout , while wave she arm wildly , and push away the soldier who have try to search she . a stream of incoherent word . other Algerians intervene ; they push forward threateningly . the soldier be young ; he be timid and frighten . he look over he back for help . a police officer approach . he have a different tone , and a very self - assure manner . he shout at the Algerians to calm down . officer be you mad , touch one of they woman ? go on , go on , alright ... go ahead , keep move ! the woman pass the blockade , but still continue she protest with a shrill and unbearable voice . 40 rue philippe . outside . day . 8:35 a.m. a algerian woman walk along the sidewalk . she be elderly , fat , and be wear a traditional costume with she face veile . she walk slowly toward a bar , which have its table outside , and already some customer . near the bar , lean against a wall , there be a algerian who now begin to move and go to meet the old woman . they greet one another with much warmth , like a mother and son who have not see each other for a long time . they embrace , and the man search at she breast among the fold of she veil . he find a revolver which be hang by a cord , and grab it . they be at ten or twelve foot distance from the bar . at a table , there be a french soldier have coffee with cream , croissant , and a open newspaper . the algerian continue to embrace the old woman , and aim from above she shoulder . only one shot ; the newspaper rip , the soldier try to get up again , he face full of blood . then he collapse on the table . the algerian have hide the revolver in the woman 's veil . the two separate from they embrace . they seem terrify and surprised , and move away from each other in different direction while the people be rush about and shout . 41 do LA lyre market . outside . day . 9:10 a.m. the cry of the peddler be loud and incoherent . a algerian be squatting on he heel in front of he ware scattered on the ground : cluster of aromatic herb , jar of spice . a youth be in front of he , and from time to time , he look around he . he seem to be wait . now he bend down and begin to rummage through the herb . he select a bunch of mint , weigh it in he hand , and argue the price with the peddler . a policeman in the market pass nearby and watch . the youth wait a second , then turn toward the back of the policeman , and stretch out he arm . he have in he hand the bunch of mint ; a revolver be hide among the green . he shoot twice . the french policeman fall down . the youth drop the mint with the revolver among the other herb , and move away in the midst of the crowd . 42 rue do bar-el - qued . outside . day . 10:15 a.m. in front of the police station there be sandbag and a police guard at duty with helmet and machine gun . the policeman jump to attention and salute . a officer have come out of the station and return he salute . he move away and walk along the sidewalk . there be few people . a algerian seem to appear from nowhere , and walk behind he . he be very young , be wear a short - sleeve shirt and blue jeans . the officer turn at the first corner . further on , there be a row of car and a metallic sign which warn that the parking space be reserve for police vehicle only . the officer hear the step of the boy behind he , and summon he in a brusque manner . officer what be you do here ? where be you go ? the boy shrug he thin , shoulder and lower he head . boy ( in servile tone ) I be go for a swim ; my friend be wait for I . the officer curse under he breath and proceed . he stop in front of a dyna - panhard , park not too far away . the boy move on a few yard past the automobile until he reach a metallic wastebasket which be fastened to the pole of a street lamp . he stop there , then glance around . the officer be not far behind he ; he have take he car key from he pocket , and be about to open the car door . the boy plunge he hand into the basket , rummages among the tear papers , then suddenly turn , point a revolver at the officer 's back , and shoot . the man try to clutch something , but slip and fall down . the boy shoot again at the man on the ground , then plunge he hand again into the wastebasket , drop the revolver , and glance around he . he break into a run . the policeman come out of the police station hurriedly . whistle , order , excite cry . they turn the corner . some rush to the man lie on the ground . other jump into a jeep . four of they jump on motorcycle that be line up in the rack . they move off in two direction . at the same time , wail of police siren move nearer be hear in the distance . the street be desert . there be no trace of the boy . people be see at they window . the officer be lift by he arm . a ambulance arrive and stop , its siren at full blast , its door wide open . the officer be place inside . the motorcycle be racing through the sidestreet . the jeep converge on they , then reverse its direction , move while balanced on two wheel . passersby stop to watch , all of they european . the siren 's wail be at a high pitch . 43 adjacent street . outside . day . a desert street , recently cover with wet asphalt . a moslem road worker be sit on the ground next to a steamroller . he be eat he lunch . the combine sound of the siren 's wail and the rumbling of the motorcycle be hear approach . two motorcyclist appear in the street , pass by the road worker . one of they stop and turn around . the road worker move backward to the street corner . he break into a run . his eye be burn with fear , he face be anxious , undecided . from the window , the people point to he , and shout after he . a jeep appear in the street in front of he . the motorcyclist approach from the opposite direction . the algerian stop run ; he do not know what to do . from the window , continuous shout . the algerian lean against the wall , watch the scene , and begin to cry . the policeman jump down from the jeep and leap at he . the algerian be not able to speak , but only shake he head . 44 police station . inside . day . a room inside the police station . the algerian 's face be beat from right and leave by a series of slap . the room be fill with policeman . all of they be practically on top of the algerian ; all of they be shouting . in the confusion can be hear shout . varied voice do you know he 's dead , you bastard ? do you know you kill he ? they try to reach he , push against one another in order to get closer and hit he . the algerian be cry and speak in break - off phrase , half Arabic and half french . his continual effort to repeat certain word be hear : algerian no , no , no , no , ... I no ... Viva France ... a officer arrive make he way . officer get out , go on , outside ... get out of the way ! go away ... they make way for he ; he reach the algerian who try to smile at he , continually shaking he head : algerian Sir ... sir ... sir ... officer what 's you name ? the algerian 's mouth be dry ; he try to swallow . algerian Sir ... sir ... sir ... officer what 's you name ? algerian ( strain , still try to swallow ) lardjane boualem , sir ... 45 commissioner office . inside . night . in the commissioner 's office , the Assistant commissioner dictate : assistant commissioner guilty : lardjane boualem , manual worker , marry with three child . resident in rue de thèbes , number eight ... so ? how many today ? the employee remove the copy from the typewriter and begin to put they in order . employee Seven assault , three dead . then he move to the desk , and hand over the various copy for signature . employee here , one for the commissioner ... the press office ... the archive ... and one for you , sir . the Assistant commissioner sign . assistant commissioner good , thank you , corbiere ... . see you tomorrow . employee good evening , sir . the employee salute , then move toward the door . he be about to go out when the Assistant commissioner stop he . assistant commissioner tell I ... where be this rue de thèbes ? employee rue de thèbes ? in the Upper casbah , I think ... assistant commissioner all right . see you tomorrow , corbiere . employee good evening , sir . the employee leave and close the door . the Assistant commissioner cross the room to the large map of algier which cover the entire wall . he move he finger along the casbah zone ; as he move it , he follow it with he glance in that tangle of street . assistant commissioner ( to himself ) rue de thèbes ... de thèbes ... he have find it . he observe it for a minute , then move he finger along the road lead to the european quarter . he find the right route , then concentrate in order to memorize it . he return to the desk , lift the receiver , and dial a number . assistant commissioner ( on the phone ) hello , engineer Henry amaud , please ... he 's already leave ? alright , yes , yes , alright ... I have the number . he click the receiver , then dial another number . at the other end of the line , a feminine voice be hear . the Assistant commissioner abandon he usual peremptory tone . assistant commissioner hello , bernadette ... yes , right away . I be go to change my clothes first , and I will be right there . my wife be already there , right ? no , it 's not important . but call Henry for I . just for a minute ... alright ... thanks ... he place the receiver on the desk , then put on he jacket which be on the back of he chair . he straighten he tie . now from the receiver a muffle voice be hear ; the Assistant commissioner pick up the receiver . assistant commissioner hello , Henry ? ... everything 's okay . good . what be we go to tell we wife ? the club ? good idea , yes . I will be there right away . just give I time to change my clothes ... ah , I have find the address . no , it 's better to talk in person . yes , it 's the right place ... okay . bye . he put down the receiver , then go to the coat-hanger and take he beret . he go out after glance again at the photo of the day 's assault . 46 henry arnaud home . inside . night . two small child be kneel in front of they bed . child Notre père , dan le ciel ... two child , five or six year old , blond , charming , but not affect . they seem to be twin , and be wear identical pajamas . at the same time , a servant be prepare they bed for the night . she be about fifty year old , she apron clean and irone ; she have gray hair , she face that of a good woman . she be algerian . when the child falter in they prayer , she help they . when they have finish she say with a algerian accent : servant now , let 's go to say good night . in the dining room , there be a large open window . the beach , the sea , and the sound of the surf be outside , not too distant . it be a starry night . at a table , there be four man and four woman , all of they well dress and tan . it be the home of Henry and bernadette arnaud . the Assistant commissioner be in plain clothes . he and he wife seem ill at ease , somewhat out of place . the may and child have enter the room . bernadette come here , child . say hello ... child good evening ... the other smile . the servant accompany the child to they parent . child good night , daddy . good night , mommy . bernadette good night , dear . they kiss . at the same time the woman make the usual delighted exclamation . one of the man attract the Assistant commissioner 's attention , point to he watch , and make a sign . the Assistant commissioner nod he head affirmatively . 47 algerian street . outside . night . a DS citroen be crossing the city at high speed . the four man be inside . arnaud be at the wheel . the Assistant commissioner be sit in the back seat . 48 casbah entrance . outside . night . the automobile arrive at place du gouvernement , take a turn around the square , then turn toward the blockade , and slow down . one of the soldier move to the center of the ramp , and raise the phosphorescent flag . the car lower its headlight and stop . the soldier go to the driver 's window . in he right hand , he be hold a machine gun which hang from he shoulder . he greet they . he bend to window level : soldier good evening ... arnaud respond in a innocent , cheerful tone : arnaud good evening ... can we pass ? soldier it 's too late . no one be allow to enter the casbah at this hour . it 's impossible . arnaud but it 's not even midnight yet ! soldier it 's ten minute past midnight . curfew begin at midnight . arnaud please , we just want to take a short ride . a friend of mine have never see the casbah . soldier I be sorry . tomorrow . tonight be out of the question . the Assistant commissioner intervene with the self - assure and somewhat arrogant tone common to all policeman . he stretch he arm toward the window and hand the soldier a card . assistant commissioner it 's alright , they be with I . the soldier examine the card by the glare of the headlight , hand it back , and bring he hand to he visor , he salute . soldier okay , sir . go ahead . the Assistant commissioner salute with he hand . assistant commissioner let 's go , Henry . arnaud ( he change gear ) thank you . good evening . the soldier step aside , and salute again . the automobile begin to move , steadily increase its speed . 49 casbah STREET . outside . night . the street of the casbah be desert , almost completely blacken . some cat be frighten by the headlight and run close to the wall . Inside the car the four man be silent . they keep they eye fix straight ahead of they , they face concentrate , taut . arnaud this way ? assistant commissioner yes , it 's the first intersection ... or the second . 50 rue do thèbes . outside . night . the automobile slow down at the first intersection . arnaud lean out the window and look . there be a enamel nameplate -- rue do thèbes . arnaud right or leave ? assistant commissioner try go to the right . the car turn right , move slowly . on one side of the street , the even number be get higher : 26 ... 28 ... 30 ... arnaud what number be it ? assistant commissioner eight . the man next to the Assistant commissioner say : friend let 's park here . it do not matter . assistant commissioner ( in sharp tone ) it do matter . go back , Henry . let 's go to number eight . arnaud put the gear in reverse ; the car move back quickly and pass the intersection : 16 ... 14 ... 12 ... 10 ... 8 ... it stop . arnaud put it in neutral . with the motor still run , he press the cigarette lighter on the dashboard . the Assistant commissioner take a large package that he be hold under he leg on the car floor . it be wrap in piece of newspaper . he lift it forward . the man who be next to arnaud take it , lean it against the back of he seat , touch it until he find the right spot , unwrap it from that part , and straighten a small plastic tube which appear at the open . it be a fuse . arnaud how long do you want the timing device ? friend five minute . give I a match ... arnaud take the cigarette lighter from the dashboard . the other man have open the car door . he take the lighter and touch it to the fuse which ignites immediately . the door of number eight be very near , almost directly opposite the car door . the man place the package in a shady area and return to the car in a run . arnaud have already change gear , release the clutch , and the automobile shoot forward . 51 rue do thèbes . explosion . outside . night . august 11 , 1956 . 12:20 a.m. the explosion be very violent . the front of building number eight , ten , and twelve explode and collapse . explosion . the echo of the explosion have end . there be a long pause , only some isolate noise resound . they be stress , recognizable : a burn beam , the thud of fall debris , break glass ... then suddenly and almost simultaneously with the other sound , after the shock , the human voice , the shout and weep be hear . voice , shout , weeping . 52 rue do thèbes . outside . dawn . the dawn 's light be clear and white . it dispel every shadow and design precisely every outline . here and there , in the middle of the sky , there be numerous cloud of dust , strangely motionless . in the light , the human figure seem black . see from a distance , they seem to be ant upon heaps of debris . there be woman , motionless , weep softly , they voice similar to prayer . from time to time , there be a sudden scream , a despair sob , someone run . another corpse be pull out from the rubble , body mutilate or still intact -- they be all dead . the people continue to rummage through the debris and to wait around pitifully . 53 casbah street . outside . day . but there be no pity in the other street and alley of the casbah , or at the top of the step . there be anger and hatred . the people be run and shouting . they be shouting from they window and balcony : ju - ju . they smother every other sound . the excitement increase . they run where there be more shouting , more people . they do not know what to do yet , but want to be together . until there be a voice stronger and clearer than the other which give they a goal and direction . Ali la Pointe point below beyond the slope of the alley and stairway . there below be the european quarter which widen near the sea . the crowd be shouting , push , rush forward with he , like a raging stream , tumultuous and unrestrainable . Ali be together with he man , five boy , one of they older than twenty . all of they be armed . the crowd force they to quicken they step to a run . petit Omar be furthest in the rear . he be wear a pair of short pants , he chest bare ; he be barefoot . he call Ali with all he might , but in vain . he try to join Ali , to make he way through the leg of the other ; he run , cling to the other , push , pass near the wall ; then , turn into a side - street , he rush into a alleyway , and finally arrive in front . he run to Ali , almost out of breath . petit omar ( shouting ) kader say to stop they ! he say we have get to stop they ! Ali slow down as much as he can with the crowd push he from behind . ali where 's kader ? petit omar with the other . they be try to stop the people . ali go away . they voice can hardly be hear or understand amid the loud noise . petit omar but he say that if we go on like this , we be play they game , and they will murder everyone ... stop , Ali ! Ali continue to run . his face be sullen , frown , as always when he must choose between instinct and reason . Omar call he again . his voice be hysterical , repeat again to stop . he be hang on one of Ali 's arm . Ali jerk himself free violently ; he strike the child . Omar sway and fall against the wall . with this movement , Ali seem to release he anger at not be able to carry out he action . he slow down , speak to he man , a few word in Arabic , he voice cold and bitter . Ali extend he arm and the other imitate he . each man grab another by the arm , form a chain . they check the flow behind they and hold back the crowd that be press forward . 54 kader' house . inside . day . september 30 , 1956 . djamila , the girl who in January , in rue random , give the revolver to Ali la Pointe , be now stand in front of a large mirror . she remove the veil from she face . her glance be hard and intense ; she face be expressionless . the mirror reflect a large part of the room : it be a bedroom . there be three other girl . there be Zohra , who be about the same age as djamila . she undress , remove she traditional costume , and be wear a slip ... there be hassiba who be pour a bottle of peroxide into a basin . she dip she long black hair into the water to dye it blond . every action be perform precisely and carefully . they be like three actress prepare for the stage . but there be no gaiety ; no one be speak . only silence emphasize the detailed rhythm of they transformation ... djamila 's lightweight european dress of print silk ... Zohra 's blouse and short skirt to she knee ... make - up , lipstick , high -heeled shoe , silk stocking ... hassiba have wrap she hair in a towel to dry it ... a pair of blue jeans , a stripe cling tee-shirt ... her blond hair be now dry . she tie it behind in a ponytail . hassiba have a young , slim figure . she seem to be a young european girl who be prepare to go to the beach . continual silence . djamila and Zohra have finish they preparation and sit down to wait . hassiba be still barefoot . she be put on she sandal , when someone knock at the door . djamila get up and go to open it . it be kader . a quick attentive glance ; djamila ... Zohra ... hassiba ... hassiba respond to he look with a gay and somewhat coquettish expression ; she say , stress she french : hassiba Ça va , monsieur ? kader smile for a second , without any gaiety , but to please she . then he speak briefly and harshly in Arabic . and turn one at a time to each of the three , he give they three address . kader ( to djamila ) number three rue de chêne. ( to Zohra ) number fourteen rue monseigneur leynaud . ( to hassiba ) number twenty - one rue de l' hydre . each one of the girl repeat , in turn , the address which he have give she . each one of the three respond emotionally . the atmosphere be tense . kader bid they farewell accord to the algerian custom , first bring he right hand over he heart . then he embrace they . they look at he for a moment ; they be embarrassed . kader try to ease they discomfort , smile , and answer hassiba 's previous remark . kader Ça va ... et bonne chance ! 55 rue do l'hydre . outside / inside . day . 5:45 p.m. at number twenty - one rue de l' hydre , there be a bread store . hassiba have again cover she face with a veil , and be also wear a white cloak which cover she whole body . she enter the store . there be other woman who be buy bread . hassiba wait for they to leave , then say in Arabic to the shopkeeper : hassiba I have come to take the package ... the shopkeeper empty half a basket of bread ; at the bottom , there be a beach bag with a shoulder - strap , and he give it to hassiba . hassiba hide it under she cloak , bend she head in a sign of farewell , and leave . 56 rue monut . leynaud . inside . day . 5:45 p.m. at number fourteen rue monseigneur leynaud , there be a tailor shop and clothing store . Zohra be also wear the veil and white cloak . she enter . zohra I have come to take the package ... the tailor accompany she to the back of the shop , where there be a workroom and young girl who be sewing . he rummages in a closet , take out a Air France utility bag and give it to Zohra who hide it under she cloak , greet he , and leave . 57 rue du chêne . inside . day . Inside number three rue du chêne , a algerian craftsman be work in filigree . djamila take a small leather cosmetic case . djamila hide it , greet the man , and leave . 58 alley and blockade . rue marengo . inside / outside . day . 6:05 p.m. at a intersection of rue marengo , a alley , hassiba enter a large door , and shut it . in a second , she have remove she veil and cloak . her face be make up ; she be wear pants and a jersey top . she place the strap of she bag on she shoulder . Inside the bag , a towel and bathing suit be visible . hassiba go out the door , proceed down the alley until she reach rue marengo . she approach the blockade . it be Saturday evening ; there be a hurried bustle of Algerians and european . Soldiers and policeman , be very busy with they usual request for document . hassiba 's arrival be quickly notice for she be very pretty and attract much attention . some soldier whistle . a elderly algerian woman look at she with dislike . hassiba be indifferent and wait she turn . a french soldier approach she . soldier I would like to search you , miss ... for a instant , hassiba be dismay ; then , she glance down at she cling shirt and pants . hassiba ( innocently ) where ? the boy be young , handsome , and cheeky . soldier not here . there 's too many people . hassiba but you do not understand . I be say that there 's nothing to search . soldier that 's what you think ! some european laugh , the Algerians seem not to see or hear , but it be evident that they be scornful . second soldier be you go for a swim , miss ... all by yourself ? hassiba no , with some friend . at the same time , she pass the blockade . second soldier lucky they . next Sunday I be free .... shall we go together ? hassiba shrug she shoulder , smile again , and move away . 59 blockade rue du divan . outside . day . at the rue du divan blockade , Zohra too be dress like a european , and seem to be calm . there be not too many people . a soldier make a sign for she to pass in a hurried manner , and the girl pass . 60 blockade rue do LA lyre . outside . day . djamila be tense , pale , she feature be strain . her eye seem even larger with make - up . now , at the blockade at rue de la lyre , the casbah exit be block . a algerian have be discover without document . he argue , shout , and say that he want to go back . incoherent voice . the soldier try to catch he , he struggle to get free . meanwhile the people push forward in protest . two soldier catch the algerian , and drag he bodily into the guard post . the flow of people continue . djamila step forward , hold the cosmetic-case with both of she hand . she do not know how to carry it , and from time to time she change she position . she realize that she look awkward . it 's now she turn . the soldier ' tone be arrogant . the previous scene have make they nervous . a officer signal she to pass , then point to the cosmetic-case . officer what 's inside ? instinctively , djamila lift the case and look at it ; she feel herself fail , but make a effort to answer . djamila here ? officer there ... djamila use all she strength to smile and she succeed . her eye light up defiantly . djamila ( provocatively ) nothing . the officer signal she to pass . 61 fish -market . inside . day . 6:15 p.m. a large warehouse in the fish-market . there be enormous icebox with carton of freeze fish and tub with run water and live fish . the three girl be next to one another . the three bag be on top of the counter , a few step away . with they be a thin algerian about twenty - five year old . he have thick black hair , straight and comb neatly . he be wear glass . with he rough and nervous hand , he pull out the towel and bathing suit from hassiba 's bag , then delicately and carefully , a square wooden box . he open it , and turn to the girl , signal she to move away a bit . the girl step back . in the box , there be a huge iron tube , seal at both end by two clock dial . Inside the tube , two battery with wire be attach to the dial . the youth glance at he wristwatch , then adjust the hand of the dial to six forty - five . he put the bomb back into the box , close it , and place it in the bag . he replace the towel and bathing suit , then hand the bag to hassiba . he be smile slightly . hassiba take the bag and go away . the box fit perfectly into djamila 's cosmetic-case . the youth open it without remove it from the case , adjust the two dial to six fifty , put everything back in its place , and hand the case to djamila . he smile at she and she move away . in the Air France bag , there be newspaper and magazine on top , and the same box . the youth adjust the bomb to six fifty - five , arrange it again inside the bag , close the zipper , and hand the bag to Zohra . he smile at she . his smile be more genuine , less mechanical . there be less tension than before . the youth smile at the girl and say in Arabic : algerian May Allah protect you . Zohra thanks he in a whisper , bend she head , and move away . the youth take a cigarette from he shirt pocket , place it between he lip , and light it . his hand be tremble a little . 62 cafeteria rue michelet . inside . day . 6:30 p.m. cafeteria , rue michelet 1 . the club be very crowded . there be two room ; one at the entrance with a american - style bar , and one at the back with table . it be Saturday , and at this hour many european family go out to have a ice cream . there be not too much confusion or uproar . the people be calm , they take they place at the bar and small table , and eat they ice cream while chat quietly . hassiba enter , glance at the large clock above the cash register . it be half past six . she go to the register and wait she turn . the different order mingle ; she order a coca -cola . they give she the check . she pay . she go to the bar ; all the seat be take . she give she order and the ticket to the waiter . a man move aside , look at she , then step down from he stool and offer it to she . hassiba tell he that it do not matter , but the man insist . hassiba thanks he and sit down . the man be about fifty , well groom . he smile again , and turn to chat with some friend . hassiba settles herself more comfortably on the seat , then remove the bag from she shoulder . holding it by the strap , she place it on the floor below the counter behind the brass railing use to lean one 's foot . the waiter have bring she the drink . hassiba drink slowly , from time to time glance at the clock . she finish drink . the bag be in a vertical position . move she foot slowly and carefully , hassiba let the bag slip on its side . she get down from the seat , and point it out to the man who be stand next to she . hassiba I be give you seat back . man be you already leave , miss ? hassiba smile , nod yes . hassiba good evening ... the man sit down . man good evening ... 63 milk bar . rue d'isly . outside / inside . day . milk bar , rue d' isly , at the corner of place bugeand . the jukebox be play full blast . it be a bar for young people . there be much bustle and confusion , much laughter . the girl be make plan for Sunday . djamila enter and move to the jukebox which be in the corner near the door . there be playbill for various theater performance hang on the wall . djamila stop to look at they and read the bottom line . she place the cosmetic-case on the floor . rising again she look around she , and push the case behind the jukebox with she foot ... 64 AIR FRANCE . immeuble mauretania . inside . day . maison blanche , immeuble mauretania . the entire ground floor be fill with ticket counter and a wait room for the airline . there be some employee , stewardess and some traveler . Zohra pass through the large glass door at the entrance , go to the Air France counter , take a time schedule , then go to sit down on a sofa which run along the opposite wall . she sit down and place the airline bag on the ground in front of she , and begin to leaf through the timetable , from time to time glance around . use she heel , she push the bag under the sofa . she look at the large electric clock which be hang in the center of the room ; it be forty minute past six . 65 cafeteria rue michelet . inside . day . it be six forty - four by the cafeteria clock . the second hand be move . there be more or less the same people . the old man be still seat on the barstool , and continue to chat . hassiba 's bag be still at he foot ; the second hand be racing . a five - year - old child hand a coin to the waiter : child Ice cream ... the father and mother be watch he , delighted . the waiter smile at the child and point to the cash register . he speak to the child in the usual tone of a grownup when speak to child : waiter you have to go there first ... and then come back to I . the second hand reach twenty - five , then thirty . the child go to the cashier and pay . the cashier smile at he and give he the check . cashier what a good boy ... the child return to the counter . the waiter have already prepare the ice cream for he , and hand it to he . the child be stand on tiptoe . 66 cafeteria michelet . explosion . inside . day . the second hand , the explosion : body flung into the air , arm , leg , white smoke , scream . body throw outside , the door unhinge , the window break , empty . the people watch from they window , the passersby move closer , they bend down to look at that who be writhe on the ground . astonish and incredulous face . no one speak . only scream and weep . siren which be draw nearer . firemen and police arrive ... 67 milk bar . rue d'isly . outside . day . the ambulance siren on rue d' isly , one car after another . at the milk bar , the people go to the door to look at the ambulance which be racing toward place bugeand . the siren fade in the distance and move away . the jukebox be again loud : " brigitte bardot , bardot ... " the people re-enter the bar , chatter , to have they apéritif . it be six fifty : the explosion . 68 milk bar . explosion . outside . day . the jukebox be flung into the middle of the street . there be blood , strip of flesh , material , the same scene as at the cafeteria ; the white smoke and shout , weep , hysterical girl ' scream . one of they no longer have a arm and run around , howling despairingly ; it be impossible to control she . the sound of siren be hear again . the crowd of people , the firemen , police , ambulance all rush to the scene from place bugeand . the ambulance arrive at rue michelet . they be already load with dead and wounded . the relative of the wounded be force to get out . the father of the child who be buy ice cream seem to be in a daze : he do not understand . they pull he down by force . the child remain there , he blond head a clot of blood . the policeman try to bring order to the chaos , be force to shout , push , threaten . the wounded swarm around the ambulance . a commissioner send off the first one . commissioner what time be it ? policeman a quarter to seven . the commissioner go to the second ambulance , pull down a man who be try to enter by force , slam the door , and shout to the driver . his face be pale and draw ; the vein of he neck be swollen . commissioner go away , for God 's sake ! the auto leave and now , the third explosion resound in the distance . it be hear clearly and violently from the mauretania section . the commissioner stop midway in he last gesture , and likewise , all the other , who be paralyze with fright , incapable of take action again , of accept such reality for a third time . in place bugeand , there also , the people be motionless . all of they be look in the same direction . they face be alike in they terror , alike in they sense of impotence , alike in they deep sadness . 69 STREET . european CITY . outside . day . the sun appear , then hide behind black cloud . there be a cool wind . it be ten in the morning , and the european city have its usual rapid and efficient rhythm of every day at this hour , only there be terror write on the face of every person . that same terror have remain , and suspicion , and despair impotence . patrol of soldier and policeman move around the city , search Algerians and some european , stop automobile , truck , bus , and tram that they block at both door . at the entrance to every shop , the owner search every customer before let he enter . he do so politely with a draw smile , and methodically rummages through every handbag , every package . so too in the bar , in the office , in workshop ... and now that it be already late afternoon , also outside the brothel , the cinemas , the theater . 70 lemon STREET . outside . sunset . a young algerian boy thirteen or fourteen year old , wear sandal without sock , trousers that reach to he ankle , walk quickly carry a cardboard box tie with a cord . it be dusk . a european woman see he pass in front of she , look at he , and follow he with she glance . on the sidewalk there be some youth . the woman point to the algerian boy , say something . the traffic be heavy . her word be unclear . one youth call to the boy who be by now thirty foot away : youth hey , little rat ... the boy turn around for a second , he face frighten , and quicken he step . the youth follow behind he and the boy begin to run . the youth too begin to run and other join they , people who be pass . they form a small mob and be shouting . the boy shoot into a sidestreet , drop he box , and race ahead . while some chase the boy , other stop around the box , make way , look for a policeman , a soldier , a officer . a circle continue to form around the box . a patrol arrive . one of the soldier have a geiger counter . he move near the box , carefully place the counter above it , then cease to be prudent , he take he bayonette , cut the cord , and tear open the box : lemon . 71 STREET corner . outside . sunset . the boy have be cornere , surround , pin down , kick , hit with umbrella , until he be exhaust and can no longer defend himself . he be no longer move . he be lie on the ground , dead . the air be gray now , and slowly all the color unite to form gray . light be light in the city and contrast with the whiteness of the casbah high above . the sky be still clear , the black profile of the mountain , the straight coast on the sea , the sea itself that seem to be land until it reach the horizon where the moon rise between the cloud . speaker " follow a lengthy discussion , the General Assembly of the United Nations have decide its agenda for the forthcoming debate : ( 1 ) re-unification of Korea ( 2 ) disarmament ( 3 ) the algerian question . colombia have propose that only the first two point be discuss for the day . however , the afro-asian nation oppose , underline the importance they attribute to the algerian question ... " 72 sea-front . outside . day . JANUARY 10 , 1957 . the european crowd applaud , they eye aglow , they mouth wide open , shouting and yell , they tooth flash in the sun . clap of applause on the sea-front of algier . Children , be hold up to see , wave small flag . the paratrooper of the tenth division march past . speaker " Mr. Raymond lefevre , Inspector General of the administration , have preside over a meeting in which important decision have be take with the aim of secure public order and the protection of person and they property . in particular , it have be decide to recall the ' tenth ' division of paratrooper to algier that , until now , have be employ in the antiguerrilla operation on the cabiro plateau . the Commander General of the tenth division will assume responsibility for the maintenance of order in algier , and will have at he disposal in order to achieve this goal , all civil and military mean provide for the defense of the zone . " massu and the authority be stand on the balcony of the prefecture building . the paras be march , they sleeve roll up , they face sunburn . Machine gun , bazookas , crew -cut , the eye of sing boy , silent step , one battalion after another . the dragon " black beret " pass by ... the " red beret " of the 2nd regiment of colonial paratrooper ... " Les casquette " of the 3rd regiment parade by ; " les homme - peint , " mathieu 's paras . Colonel mathieu be at the head of the regiment . he be tall , slender , over fifty . he have thinning gray hair , a lean face , blue eye , and a wide forehead . his face be line with many wrinkle . be it not for the uniform , the weapon , he tan skin , he manner of walk , and he energetic voice when give order , he would not seem a soldier , but a intellectual . the 3rd regiment colonial paratrooper be now before the commissioner . mathieu turn he head slightly and : mathieu 3rd regiment ! attention à droite ... droite ! speaker family name : mathieu ; name : philippe ; bear in renne May 3 , 1906 ; rank : Lieutenant Colonel ; school : politechnique-degree in Engineering ; campaign : second World War , anti-nazi resistance Movement , italian campaign , indochinese War , algerian War ... 73 villa headquarters . inside . day . in a villa in the military headquarters , a reception room be visible through a large window on the first floor . there be about twenty officer seat in row of chair as if for a lecture . mathieu be in front of they and he be speak while stand next to a desk . at he back there be a blackboard , and near it , a large map with pyramid graph , cell , arrow , crossmark , and , above they , the title : structure nlf autonomous zone of algier . mathieu 's voice have nothing of the military and traditional . his tone be neither harsh nor cold , but rather kind and pleasing ; from it emanate a superior authority impose by reason and not by position . mathieu the result be that in the last two month , they have reach a average of 4.2 assault per day , include aggression against individual , and the explosion . of course , the condition of the problem be as usual : first , the adversary ; second , the method to destroy he ... there be 80,000 Arabs in the casbah . be they all against we ? we know they be not . in reality , it be only a small minority that dominate with terror and violence . this minority be we adversary and we must isolate and destroy it ... while speak , he go to the window , and pull down the shade . he interrupt he speech , point to the rest of the window : mathieu draw it down there too ... two or three officer stand up to perform the task . at the back of the room there be a movie projector . next to it there be a para who be prepare to operate it . the other shade be draw , and gradually the room be darken . mathieu , meanwhile , have resume speak : mathieu he be a adversary who shift he position above and below the surface with highly commendable revolutionary method and original tactic . ... he be a anonymous and unrecognizable enemy who mingle with thousand of other who resemble he . we find he everywhere : in the alley of the casbah ; in the street of the european city , and in work place . mathieu interrupt himself again and make a signal to the back of the room which be completely darken . mathieu go ahead , Martin . Martin turn on the projector . on the white wall next to the map and graph appear picture of the casbah . there be the blockade , the barb wire , the metal screen , the Algerians who exit and enter , the policeman and soldier who examine document and frisk someone . from time to time , close - up of the picture be show , enlarge to the minutest detail , close - up of face , motionless image that last only for a few second . mathieu here be some film take by the police . the camera be hide at the casbah exit . they think this film might be useful , and in fact they be useful in demonstrate the usefulness of certain method . or , at least , they inadequacy . hassiba be now see and the soldier who be woo she , while she laugh , joke , flirt in a provocative manner , and pass the blockade . mathieu I choose this film because they be shot in the hour precede some recent terroristic assault . and so , among all this Arabs , man and woman , there be the one responsible . but which one be they ? how can we recognize they ? control document be ridiculous : one who have everything in order be most likely to be the terrorist . a algerian be be drag away while protest , kick , and try to free himself . and then the scene change . there be another casbah exit , and a algerian who be be searched . mathieu ( smile ) note the intuition of the cameraman . he realize that in that box , there have to be something of interest , and he pause to focus it . the picture be enlarge . the small box which the algerian be carry on he shoulder be see in detail . it be open . the box be swarm with snake ; the soldier who have want to examine it jump backward . the officer in the room burst into laughter . mathieu ( laugh ) maybe the bomb be hide right there , in a double bottom . who know ? we will never know . use the barrel of he machine gun , a soldier have close the box . a snake have manage to jump out , and fall to the ground . the people be terrify and move away . other laugh , among they , petit Omar , who seem to be a ordinary child enjoy himself . mathieu that 's enough , Martin ... the light be again switch on in the room . mathieu be again next to the desk , and wait a second until the buzz of comment subside . mathieu we must start again from scratch . the only information that we have concern the structure of the organization . and we shall begin from that ... he take a wooden pointer from the desk in order to illustrate the graph , while he speak with the tone and precision of a university professor . mathieu it be a pyramid-like organization divide into a series of sector . at the top of the pyramid be they General staff . he have move near the blackboard , and take some chalk , and slowly as he speak , he illustrate he speech . mathieu the military commander responsible for the executive body find the right man and nominate he to responsibility for a sector : number one . number one in he turn , choose another two : number two and number three ... and so they form the first triangle . he have write high on the board a number one and below it , with some space between they , the number two and three . he unite the three number with line and form a triangle . mathieu now number two and number three choose , in they turn , two man each ... number four and five , and so on ... mathieu write the new number , space they on the next line . then he unite two to four and five , and three to six and seven , form two new triangle . mathieu have write other number and unite they to that of the precede line and thus form other triangle . now the blackboard be cover by a series of triangle that form a large pyramid . mathieu the reason for this geometry be so that every militant will know only three member in the entire organization : he commander who have choose he , and the two member that he himself have choose ... contact take place only by write instruction ... that be why we do not know we adversary : because , in practice , they do not even know each other . mathieu leave the blackboard and move near the officer . the tone of he voice change . the explanation be now finish . he give direction ... mathieu to know they mean to eliminate they . consequently , the military aspect be secondary to the police method . I know we be not fond of this word , but it be the only word that indicate exactly the type of work that we must perform . we must make the necessary investigation in order to proceed from one vertex to another in the entire pyramid . the reason for this work be information . the method be interrogation . and interrogation become a method when conduct in a manner so as to always obtain a result , or rather , a answer . in practice , demonstrate a false humanitarianism only lead to the ridiculous and to impotence . I be certain that all the unit will understand and react accordingly . however , success do not depend solely on we . we need to have the casbah at we disposal . we must sift through it ... and interrogate everyone . and here be where we find ourselves hinder by a conspiracy of law and regulation that continue to be operative , as if algier be a holiday resort and not a battleground . we have request a carte blanche . but it be very difficult to obtain . therefore , it be necessary to find a excuse to legitimize we intervention , and make it possible . it be necessary to create it ourselves -- this excuse . unless we adversary will think of it themselves , which seem to be what they be do . 74 alley upper casbah . outside . day . it be not a song , but a type of speak chorus , a assembly of young voice , word whisper from the throat , both high and low , and sudden silent pause . it be monotonous ; but it be just such a repetition , always with the same pattern of tone -- high , low , then , silent -- that manage to transform itself into a motif , reach a excited pitch , and acquire breadth and solemnity . the sound fill the alley , rise toward the long rectangle of sky , and move farther away as if it be mean to be hear by all . the alley be narrow and sloping , with crumble wall , tuft of grass , and refuse . it be locate at the outer periphery of the casbah -- the countryside be in the background . a algerian be walk with large step ; a five - year - old child be behind he , move quickly , stumbling from time to time on the pavement ; although he do not cry , occasionally he call to he father , who proceed forward , and do not turn around . the chorus arise from behind they . it be incoherent . they stop in front of a door ; they have arrive . the door give way and they enter . 75 koran school . inside . day . a large room , like a shop or stable . here too , on the ground and pavement , there be tuft of grass . it be cold . the wall be unplaster , the window board . the roof be in sight , but not the beam . the roof be make of tile and cover with a coat of whitewash . there be about twenty child , five to eight year old , seat on the floor . the teacher be in front of they ; he too be seat . he be prompt the verse in a low voice , almost in a whisper , and the chorus repeat it . the Koran School : a bare , wobble place . the algerian who have enter take the child by he hand , and accompany he to the teacher who be now stand ; the chorus continue ; the other child , do not look at the two who have just enter . the algerian and the teacher greet each other , bring they hand to they heart , and then to they mouth . at the same time , the teacher take a envelope from under he tunic , and hand it over to the other . speaker " to all militant ! after two year of hard struggle in the mountain and city , the algerian people have obtain a great victory . the UN Assembly have place the algerian question in its forthcoming agenda . the discussion will begin on Monday , January 28 . start Monday , for a duration of eight day , the nlf be call a general strike . for the duration of this period , all form of armed action or attempt at such be suspend . we be request that all militant mobilize for the strike 's organization and success . " the algerian have hide the envelope inside he tunic , then present the child to the teacher , who make he sit down with the other child the teacher also return to he place and sit down , and suggest a new phrase ; the chorus continue . the algerian leave the school . 76 alley upper casbah . outside . day . have pass through the door , he again move along the alley , this time descend , with hurried step . the chorus continue , again hear from without , but its echo be now different . 77 various view casbah . outside / inside . day . bar , store , market stall , " arab bath . " typewritten piece of paper be use to wrap purchase , or slip inside bag , or use on the blank side to add up bill and then hand to the customer . 78 various view european CITY . outside / inside . day . in the european city the algerian worker : at the dock , the central gas company ; on the tram ; the waiter in the restaurant , in the bar ; the shoeshine man speaker " algerian brother ! a great hope have arisen for we . the world be watch we . the next few day may be decisive for we future and we freedom . the colonial power will attempt to demonstrate to the UN that the NFL do not represent the will of we people . we response will be unanimous support of the general strike . " 79 sea -front . outside . day . at the sea-front , there be a newspaper boy , about twelve year old , barefoot . his voice be shrill yet cheerful . he be smile . newsboy Le monde ! Le monde ! General strike ! ... Strike ! some european buy the newspaper , half - heartedly , grumble disagreeably . the boy remain cheerful , place the change inside the bag strapped to he shoulder , thanks they . now he pass in front of a beggar , a elderly algerian who be lean against a railing . the boy wink at he , while he continue to shout : newsboy Strike ! speaker " during the eight day of the strike , do not frequent the european city , or leave the casbah . provide lodging in you home for the poor , the beggar , the brother who do not have home . store provision of food and water for eight day ! " 80 casbah street and shop . inside / outside . day . there be a strange atmosphere in the casbah . people be greeting each other in the street ; a thick buzz of voice , a festive mood , a sense of brotherhood , and the child , who be take advantage of the situation and play and run everywhere . the shop be unusually crowded . the people enter and exit , load with supplies . in the shop too , there be the same festive mood , almost as if the supplies be for a trip to the country . the shopkeeper be also cheerful . and the poor customer , instead of pay , hand over a ticket stamp nlf . 81 casbah blockade . outside . day . sunset . sunday . JANUARY 27 , 1957 . late afternoon , at the blockade of rue de la lyre , rue du divan , and rue marengo . the casbah exit ramp be desert , while the entrance ramp be overflow with people . here too , there be a intangible air of gaiety , witty remark , laughter , ironic glance toward the soldier and policeman with cold face , immobile -- helmet and machine gun -- who stand at the entrance without intervene . the image be shorten and focus through the lense of binocular . 82 government palace . outside / inside . sunset . a paratrooper officer look at the blockade of rue du divan from a government Palace balcony . mathieu be beside he . mathieu no one be leave , eh ? the officer hand he the binocular . officer no . they continue to enter , the rat . mathieu look through the binocular , and comment in a low voice , smile : mathieu rat in a trap , we hope ... officer but do you believe that the strike will be widespread ? mathieu without a doubt . behind the two officer , through a large open window , a room be visible . there be a large table , and around it , other high officer of the various armed force , and some important official in plainclothes . a general , who have he back to the balcony , turn and call mathieu : general mathieu ! mathieu , a name ... mathieu a name ? general yes , a name for the operation . mathieu move the binocular from the blockade and turn slowly around the government square , until he reach a advertising sign for a brand of champagne which now , in the dusk , light up with a sporadic rhythm : cordon ... rouge . mathieu pause then turn toward the room , and enter smile : mathieu Champagne ... all right ? the general repeat absent - mindedly : general Champagne ... Champagne . ( then , in a convinced voice ) operation Champagne , yes , alright . 83 rue du divan blockade . outside . evening . at the rue du divan blockade , there be a incoherent , monotonous , and irritate chant . there be a blind beggar . he be light - complexion , tall and thin , he beard long , he arm stretch out , a cane in he hand . he arrive at last at the entrance ramp , try to find the way , but cannot . he try again and again with he cane , continually repeat he sorrowful chant , until a policeman take he by he free hand , place the hand roughly on the metal screen . policeman go on ! go on ! the beggar protest and wave he cane in a way that the policeman have to duck to prevent himself from be hit . the policeman curse , spitefully , coarsely . a soldier start to laugh . the old man take up he chant again , and move forward lean on the metal screen . on the other side of the blockade , behind the square , there be a group of veile girl who have see the old man , and seem to be wait for he . two of they go to meet he , and each one take one of he arm . at the touch of they hand , the old man be again infuriate . even the girl laugh . then , one of they speak to he slowly in a loud voice . it seem that the old man have understand . he be convinced . he mumble something kindly and let they accompany he . 84 casbah alley . front door . outside . night . a poorly light alley . a group of unemployed man and beggar be stand in front of a door . one of the three companion consult a list , then point to two in the group . he signal they to enter . 85 kader' house . inside . night . Inner courtyard . in the inner courtyard , there be a elderly man who await they and receive they kindly . they greet each other in the customary algerian manner . courtyard and balcony . on the terrace also , someone be look toward the courtyard . kader be on the terrace together with a man about forty year old , dress in european clothes , he have narrow shoulder and a sink chest . his face be sensitive , he forehead high , and he hair and eye black . his eye be kind and thoughtful and twinkle with irony . he be Ben m'hidi , one of the four member of the cce , the Central executive Committee . kader ( to he ) they be beggar and unemployed , homeless . we have organize thing in such a way that during the strike they will be guest of other family who have home and will provide shelter in the event of possible reprisal ... but I do not know that they would be bring to this house too . it be a mistake . BEN m'hidi why ? kader because you be here too . it would be better for you to move to another house . Ben m'hidi move away from the parapet . BEN m'hidi all right ... you be the one who must decide . kader follow he along the terrace . kader no , if I be the one to decide , you would not be in algier now . Ben m'hidi look at he , smile . BEN m'hidi why ? be not it wise ? kader smile too , and repeat : kader it be not wise . at the end of the terrace , there be a construction raise to a level with the stair that lead to the floor below . there be a large room ; through the open door , the light interior be visible . the wall have high brick baseboard , and at the bottom of one of the four wall there be a square open that lead into a hide place . the closure of the hide place , a square of very thick wall , be place to one side . Ali la Pointe be cover it with brick . on the other side of the room next to the door , there be some cement wash - basin , and a shed for rain water . kader appear at the door . kader Ali , you must accompany Ben m'hidi to the maison des arbre . Ali do not answer immediately . he finish place the last brick then turn to kader . ali why ? be not he sleep here ? kader no , it 's better if he do not . the house be fill with new people . Ali get up , wipe he hand on he trousers , at the same time inspect the work that he have just complete . ali here 's another one ready . what a hideout ! it really look like a wall . I will dirty it a bit , and it 's perfect . want to give a look inside ? kader have take a machine gun from one of the basin , and he toss it to Ali , who catch it . kader no , go now . it 's already late . they go out on the terrace . Ali release the catch of he machine gun so that the bullet slip into the barrel . kader ( to Ben m'hidi ) they be a family of militant from way back . everything will work out well , you will see ... c'mon , Ali , hurry up . BEN m'hidi alright . see you tomorrow . they say good - bye , embrace one another . Ali have already climb over the terrace wall , and have jump to the next one . Ben m'hidi follow he ; he be less agile and move with a bit of trouble . from the parapet , kader say to he : kader pass along the terrace only take five minute ... and with Ali la Pointe , you will be safe ... while jump , Ben m'hidi lose he balance , and have to grab on to Ali to prevent himself from fall . BEN m'hidi but it 's he who will not be safe with I ... the two figure move away from terrace to terrace , and disappear in the dark . 86 casbah view and terrace . outside . night . in the dark in front of they , a metallic reflection be visible and the sharp and aggressive sound of a algerian voice be hear . Ali respond to the password . a youth step out from the shadow . he too be carry a machine gun , recognize Ali , and greet he . Ali and Ben m'hidi continue ... 87 maison des arbre , terrace . outside . night . until they arrive at a terrace which be separate from the next one by a alley about ten foot wide . ali here it be ... we have arrive ... Ben m'hidi glance at the emptiness beneath they , look at Ali , and take a deep breath . BEN m'hidi not yet ... Ali have climb onto the parapet , look around he concentrate attentively for a moment , and then jump into the void , reach the opposite side . he bend , search for something in the dark , and lift a type of gangplank . he hand it over to Ben m'hidi , and together they place it between the two terrace . ali be careful now . unless you know how it work , it 's better if you sit on the plank and move forward like this ... BEN m'hidi let 's try ... he try to stand up on the gangplank , but he lack the necessary steadiness . he can not hold he balance . he do as Ali have advise he ; he sit astride on the plank , and use the force of he arm , he push himself forward . he stop halfway to rest for a minute . BEN m'hidi it 's good nobody be follow we ... ali it 's a question of habit ... and when Ben m'hidi be closer , Ali help he to get down to the terrace . ali it 's better if I go first , to make sure everything 's okay ... without wait for a answer , he move toward the stairway that lead to the floor below ; he movement be silent and graceful . Ben m'hidi lean out from the terrace , and look toward the european city and the sea . at the port , two searchlight be light , and they long bright ray move slowly toward the casbah ... when Ali la Pointe return , Ben m'hidi be still lean on the railing . he seem not to hear the sound of Ali 's footstep , or he voice . ali everything 's okay ... they be wait for you ... Ali move near he , and Ben m'hidi turn and look at he . BEN m'hidi what do you think of the strike , Ali ? ali I think it will be a success ... BEN m'hidi yes , I think so too ... it 's be organize well ... but what will the french do ? both the question , and the answer seem obvious to Ali . ali ( shrugging ) it 's clear . they will do everything possible to make it fail . BEN m'hidi no , they will do even more . we have give they the opportunity to do a lot more ... do you understand what I mean ? start tomorrow , they will not be grop in the dark any more ; every shop and every worker who strike will be a know enemy , a self - confess criminal ... and they will be able to pass to the offensive . have you think of this ? Ali have listen attentively . the effort with which he be try to ask himself the meaning of this word be visible on he face . ali ( shaking he head ) no ... BEN m'hidi but kader tell I that you be not in favor of the strike . ali no , and neither be my man . BEN m'hidi why ? ali because they tell we that we must not use weapon , now , when the time be right . BEN m'hidi that 's true ... Wars be not win with terrorism , neither war nor revolution . terrorism be a beginning but afterward , all the people must act ... this be the reason for the strike , and its necessity : to mobilize all Algerians , count they and measure they strength ... ali to show they to the UN , right ? BEN m'hidi ( smile slightly ) yes ... yes . the problem also involve the UN . I do not know what it 's worth , but this way , we will give the UN the possibility of evaluate we strength . Ali breathes deeply , instinctively , unrestrainedly , Ben m'hidi watch he , smile , and say : BEN m'hidi do you know something Ali ? start a revolution be hard , and it 's even harder to continue it . win be hardest of all . but only afterward , when we have win , will the real hardship begin . he pat Ali 's back fondly with he hand and continue , smile : BEN m'hidi anyway , there 's still a lot to be do ... you be not already tired , Ali , be you ? Ali look at he , and without reacting to he irony : ali ( with conviction ) no ! 88 various house . casbah . outside . dawn . JANUARY 28 , 1957 . it be gray and smoky dawn , a slow reabsorption of the night , a opaque light which be diffuse , spray , freeze , to transparency , and rediscover its outline and perspective ; and finally , the sun , golden light , awaken all algier . to the north , the sea . to the south , the mountain and the casbah , situate halfway along the coast . the casbah , still , inert , expectant , on this first day of the strike ... the paratrooper be already at they place , one after another , at equal distance like link of a very long chain , strung through every alley , spread to every sidestreet , twist through the square , climb up the stairway , divide , join , and lengthen again . the silence be perfect ; the camouflage immobile form seem to be part of the landscape . then a brief and sharp hiss , a hundred whistle together . a signal release the still form : the attack begin . Doors be beat down , shot , scream , rifle fire , machine gun fire ; the door open or break down ; the courtyard , the house , the room , invade ; the man who be try to escape and who protest and try to save themselves . voice of course ... I be just go to work ... 89 BEN m'hidi be hiding place . inside . dawn . Ben m'hidi be inside the hide place . from outside , a old man help he to place the square piece of wall over the entrance , and then , in the space between the brick , he add a paste of plaster mix with coal dust . when the paras arrive , everything be in order . still man be be seize , beat , drag ; a cache of weapon ; man push down the stair : soldier go on , go on , you little rat ! get to work ! 90 casbah . street . outside . morning . woman be cling together after the beating . someone be flee toward the terrace . we hear the deafen whirl of the helicopter fly against the wind , they cabin door open , paras sit on both side with they leg dangle out , they machine gun on they knee , a loudspeaker for every helicopter , microphone turn on in such a way that the din of the motor be multiply a hundred time . the helicopter fly low again , they skirt the terrace . the Algerians be flee in terror , the uproar begin to fade away , be less intense ; microphone be turn on , and off . the terrace be emptied , man seize , beat , drag ; all the man be force outside in the alley , the street , the square , every man be force to face the wall , he hand up . 91 shop . door unhinged . outside . morning . a truck in reverse , a rope fastened to the hub of the wheel , its other end to a door-latch . the motor be accelerate , cloud of exhaust fume ... door latch pried open like lid of sardine can , shop window smashed with machine - gun butt , the counter , the shelf , flung into the air , the merchandise throw into the street ; a game , a frenzied excitement ... the Algerians watch , but can not intervene . some shopkeeper rush to the scene , cry despairingly , while other be drag away forcibly , toss about , slap , push , force to open they shop . 92 candy shop . inside . morning . a shopkeeper be push behind the counter ; he get up , tremble with fear . a para ask he for a bag of candy , pay politely , smile , pat he bald head , and ask he sweetly : para and the strike , my friend ? then he distribute the candy among the child who be outside . 93 candy shop . outside . morning . the child take the candy silently , without thanking he , then eat the candy slowly , they face unfriendly and cold ... 94 place du gouvernement . outside . morning . the black sky , the tree , the advertising sign ... cordon rouge ... ... a equestrian statue , a car radio , a loudspeaker . loudspeaker " attention , people of the casbah ! the nlf want to stop you from work . the nlf force you to close you shop . inhabitant of the casbah , rebel against they order . France be you country . France have give you civilization and prosperity : school , street , hospital . people of the casbah , show you love for you mother country , by disobey the terrorist ' order . Algerians , return to work ! " and then algerian music , a cheerful and rhythmical melody ; the Algerians be force out of the casbah in column , and be push toward the military truck which clutter the southern side of the square , and continue to arrive and depart . 95 casbah . exit . outside . morning . meanwhile the paras of the psychological division make they first selection , randomly , or else deliberately , base they on the slight suspicion . they evaluate each man by he appearance or behavior . they block the Algerians from the exit ramp , and assault they with a battery of question : para' voice who be you ? what 's you name ? occupation ? where do you work ? why do you strike ? they force you , eh ? ... no ... tell the truth ! you promise they , right ? then you be the one who want to strike . do you belong to the nlf ? c'mon , answer I ! be you afraid to say it ? never mind , it do not matter . the algerian do not answer , but stare into the para 's eye . the para turn to he companion and shout : para Jacques ! ... Jacques ! ... another one to headquarters ! the algerian be seize , and push toward the truck . loudspeaker " attention , Algerians ! the nlf want to stop you from work . the nlf force you to close you shop . the nlf want to starve you and condemn you to misery . Algerians , return to work ... !" 96 the port . outside . day . the port be desert , the crane still . a load ship sway lazily at she mooring , the fork -lift be fill with supplies ... the limestone be dry out , the bridge empty , dangle cable swing slowly from the pulley . there be silence in the dock ... then , the sound of motor approach , cloud of dust , Arabs push out of the truck , into the shipyard . 97 street of algier . outside . day . in the street of the european city , there be a atmosphere of fear and doubt . the shop window have they shutter lower halfway , the shopkeeper be stand in the doorway , ready to close . the front door of house be shut . there be a few hurried passersby but no automobile ; the tram be not run ; on the sidewalk the garbage be pile high , nearby the long broom of the algerian street cleaner . paras ( yell ) sweep , me enfant , sweep . a algerian with a very refine expression , a gentle appearance , say , while excuse himself : algerian I do not know how , sir , I be sorry ... they shove the broom into he hand , and shout to he : para learn ! loudspeaker " french citizen ! european of algier ! the strike call by the nlf be a failure . do not be afraid . return to you job . General massu guarantee you safety . the Army will protect you ! " 98 street of algier . outside . day . a jeep with loudspeaker precede a row of military truck load with Algerians . in every truck there be two paras carry machine gun by they side . the Algerians be stand crowded together one against the other . some of they be hold banner and sign : I am go to work because I am free . we be free . army - population -peace . the army protect our rights . the truck turn a corner , a youth jump from the last truck , fall , get up again , and break into a run . the paras shout to he to stop , they voice mix with that of the loudspeaker . the algerian continue to run . a burst of machine - gun fire , then another . the algerian jerk forward , he back curve , he arm raise . he fall down . 99 commissioner office . PRESS room and stairway . inside . day . noise , confusion in the commissioner 's office press room , tick of the teletype machine , throng of journalist in the telephone room . they be try to transmit the first news . varied voice . shout in every language be hear . a journalist we be now in the fourth day and the strike continue , with total support by the arab population . the city be very calm . however -- calm ... be you deaf ? the city be peaceful . in the moslem quarter , in the outskirt of the city , in the casbah ... bye , will call again , I be busy . through the open door , mathieu can be see pass , accompany by another officer . some journalist see he , and rush behind he . some other follow , four or five in all , try to stop he . journalist Colonel , colonel ... Excuse I , colonel , a statement ... we do not know anything ... you promise we a press conference ... now there be a meeting with the commissioner . first journalist will you tell we what be happen ? mathieu nothing . absolutely nothing . we be still weigh the situation . they move to the landing and begin to ascend the stairway that lead to the second floor . the journalist have difficulty keep up with mathieu . mathieu look around . I have put everything at you disposal . go take a look with you own eye . 2 nd journalist the strike be a success ; but ... mathieu no . it have fail in its objective . 1st journalist insurrection ? mathieu insurrection . 2 nd journalist but the nlf have always speak of a strike as a demonstration ... mathieu and you believe the nlf ? 2 nd journalist they seem to be plausible this time . a general strike be a good argument for the UN . mathieu the UN be far away , dear sir . it be easier to make oneself hear with bomb . if I be in they place , I would use bomb . 1st journalist armed insurrection ... but what be it exactly ? officer it be a armed insurrection ... they have arrive at the second - floor landing , hurry along , and stop in front of a large door , where there be a write sign : prefect . mathieu , at the same time , have continue speak . mathieu it be a inevitable stage in revolutionary war ; from terrorism , one pass to insurrection ... as from open guerrilla warfare one pass to real war , the latter be the determine factor ... 3rd journalist dien Bien phu ? mathieu exactly . mathieu glance at the journalist , as if to see if there be any irony in he remark , but the journalist 's face be expressionless . mathieu in indochina , they win . 3rd journalist and here ? mathieu it depend on you . 4 th journalist on we ? you be not think of draft we by any chance , be you , colonel ? mathieu lean he hand on the door handle and smile at the journalist . mathieu no ! we have enough fighter . you have only to write , and well , if possible . 1st journalist what 's the problem then ? mathieu political support . sometimes it 's there , sometimes not ... sometimes , it 's not enough . what be they say in Paris yesterday ? 5 th journalist nothing ... sartre have write another article ... mathieu gesture and make a expression as if to say : " see what I mean ? " at the same time , he open the door . but before enter , he turn again to the journalist . mathieu will you kindly explain to I why all the sartres be always bear on the other side ? 5 th journalist then you like sartre , colonel ... mathieu not really , but he 's even less appeal as a enemy . 100 place du gouvernement and rue du divan blockade . outside . sunset . place du gouvernement , dusk , the other side of the blockade be silent , only the uncover eye of the algerian woman who await they man . the truck continue to arrive : the man be force to descend and allow to enter the casbah . there be a atmosphere of sadness , for not all the man have return . the woman look at they , scrutinize they face , from the first to the last in one glance , then slowly ... one face at a time . some woman recognize they husband , or they brother or they son , and run to meet they ... but other continue to ask for news in lower , sorrowful voice . ad - lib voice have you see Mohamed ? where ? when ? why have not he return ? a steady hum of voice in Arabic ; then the monotonous voice of a policeman who speak in the microphone of the loudspeaker . loudspeaker " the nlf want to stop you from work . the nlf force you to close you shop , inhabitant of the casbah , disobey they order . France have give you civilization and prosperity : school , street , hospital . people of the casbah ! show you love for you mother country by disobey the terrorist ' order . " the loudspeaker be attach to one of the blockade post , and from it a long wire for the microphone be hang . the policeman have a raspy and bored voice ; he stop speak and lean the microphone on the table in front of he . he get up , light a cigarette , and move away a few step . two child be among the woman and behind the wooden horse barricade . they be wait for this moment . they bend , seem to be play , but one of they lift the barb wire as high as he can , from the ground . petit Omar pass a wire underneath , its farthest end bent in the form of a hook . he move it toward the microphone cord which be lie coiled on the ground . he succeed in clasp it and pull it toward he slowly . the cord unwind , lengthen , stretch , until the microphone on the table begin to move , until it reach the edge of the table , and fall ... the noise re-echoe in the loudspeaker , but no one pay any attention to it . petit Omar wait a second , then begin to pull again . the microphone be drag along the ground -- a hum sound -- it move nearer , inch by inch , forward , under the barb wire , until the child be able to take it , and disappear with it behind the woman . loudspeaker " Algerians ! Brothers ! do not be afraid ! Algeria will be free . be courageous , brother ! resist ! do not listen to what they be tell you ... Algeria will be free ... " the voice be not violent , but gentle , somewhat breathless and hurried . it extend to the whole square , so that all can hear it well : the people stop what they be do to listen . they be emotional , proud , or angry , and look toward the sky where the voice seem to be diffuse , as if that word should be write up above . the officer be slow to realize what have happen , look at the loudspeaker , the cord , and now grab it , cursing . he pull and tug it ; the wire yield , and he wrench it from the microphone . loudspeaker " Brothers - - " the voice be no longer hear , nothing more , silence . silence , only that something be change in the woman 's eye . the veil that cover the lower half of they face suddenly begin to tremble , sway as if shake by a breath , a light wind . there be no longer a atmosphere of sadness , or silence . ju - ju . the ju-jus attack the air , invade it , shake it , make it vibrate as if they be electric charge , or the sound produce by the wind on a field of dry reed , or the sound produce by a hundred , a thousand fingernails that be scratch a window pane ... 101 headquarters . para . outside . day . para one , two , three , four ... Inside ! c'mon ! the five Algerians indicate be force to get up , take , push , and bring inside a large desert house which be the paras ' headquarters . the other Algerians , about a hundred of they , be sit on the ground , in the clear in front of the house , and the paras of the first regiment continue to guard they with point machine gun ... suddenly from the villa , the music of a french song come forth at full blast . the Algerians look at each other nervously . even a young para seem to be upset . 1st para ( turn to other para ) what be they do ? 2 nd para ( smile ) Dancing inside ... 102 headquarters . villa . inside . day . a para rush through a corridor carry a tape recorder , enter a room where there be some sergeant and a algerian . the adjoin room with white tile wall and a sink be visible through a open door . two paras be sit on the floor , smoking and chat between themselves in whisper . the para place the tape recorder on the table . the algerian be naked to the waist . Signs of torture be visible . his face be swollen and wet . the sergeant place the chair near he , and help he to sit down , then start the tape recorder . he say to the algerian who be tremble : sergeant go ahead ! c'mon ... repeat everything from the beginning , and then we will let you go . name ... algerian sid Ahmed . sergeant second name . algerian sail . sergeant which " district " do you belong to ? algerian second district ... sergeant second district ... explain better ... algerian second district , casbah , West algier . sergeant what " group " ? algerian third group . sergeant third group . what 's you assignment ? algerian uh ... responsible for the sixth section . 103 villa . headquarters . inside . day . in a room on the ground floor , a captain be bent over a large map with graph , and be write the name sid Ahmed sail in one of the block at the bottom of the pyramid ... at the same time , paras be see through the large window , bring other Algerians to the villa , and immediately afterward , the music and song be hear again very loudly . 104 casbah alley . outside . night . night , darkness , lock door . the casbah be silent . the paras tread noiselessly on they rubber sole . patrol . a flashlight search for the number of a door , then stop . a para knock discreetly . noise inside . voice . algerian voice who be it ? para sid Ahmed ... sid Ahmed sail . the door be open , the paras break in . 105 another alley . casbah . outside . night . another alley in the casbah , other paras . another door force open , break into . Algerians be crowded together in a courtyard which be illuminate with electric flare . they be be interrogate . 106 casbah STREET . outside . day . rain . a cloudy day , a light drizzle , a sloping street , algerian music . a company of zouave walk two by two in the casbah , through the alley , stop , play they music , and move on again , alternate algerian music and a french song . behind they , a line of donkey with basket full of package and bag , and cheerful paras who be joke , as they distribute the supplies to the starve woman and child , who stand ashamed in front of they house , they eye lower , they gesture too brusque , and hesitant . speaker " at the General Assembly of the United Nations , none of the motion present in the course of the debate have obtain the necessary majority . at last a agreement have be reach on a resolution that exclude any form of direct intervention by the UN in the algerian question . the Assembly of the United Nations have limited itself to express the hope that in a spirit of cooperation , a peaceful , democratic , and just solution will be find , that conform to the principle of the United Nations Charter ... " the monotony of the last word be drown out and lose . it be raining more heavily now . the water have begin to run along the sloping alley . the wall be gray , wet ; the door of the cafe and shop be bar with sign nail upon they . this shop have supported the nlf strike . the prefect have order its close until further instruction . the band of zouave have stop again , and now they be play " La vie en rise . " 107 villa headquarters . inside . dawn . in some part of the villa a gramophone be play " La vie en rise . " in the room on the first floor , through the large window , the whiteness of the dawn be visible . the desk be cluttere with beer can and thermos . mathieu and other officer have they eye fix on the graph , where the captain be mark other small cross at the bottom of the pyramid . the scene be motionless ; they expression be dull . everyone seem to be incapable of movement , overcome by the dull apathy that always follow a sleepless night . until mathieu break the stillness of the scene . mathieu good ... good work ... now we can all go to sleep . and move together with the other , he continue . mathieu the end of the strike do not change anything . the directive remain the same . give you man the usual shift . we must remain in the casbah : twenty - four hour a day ! he turn and point to the graph . mathieu we must cling to it , and work fast ! then he turn to the officer and smile , say in another tone of voice : mathieu have any of you ever have a tapeworm ? the officer say " no " and laugh . mathieu the tapeworm be a worm that can grow to infinity . there be thousand of segment . you can destroy all of they ; but as long as the head remain , it reproduce itself immediately . it be the same thing with the nlf . the head be the General staff , four person . until we be able to eliminate they , we must always start again from the beginning . while he be speak , mathieu take he wallet from he back pocket , open it , take out four photo . mathieu I find this in the police archive . they be old shot , but I make some close -up . ramel ... Si mourad ... kader ... Ali la Pointe . we must print a thousand copy and distribute they to the man . meanwhile , the photo be pass around . there be photo take from identification card , or blow up from some group shot , figure somewhat blurred , fade , smile , peaceful ... 108 nlf leader ' hiding place . inside . day . in the dim light , the four face be barely illuminate . the shadow tone down they expression : kader , Ali la Pointe , ramel , Si mourad . they be crowded into the hide place , sit on the floor , motionless , they eye stare straight ahead , they breathe heavy . from outside , noise , voice that be fade in the distance . silence . then , a discreet knock , a remark in Arabic . the four breathe deeply , look at each other , then smile a little . Ali unslip the beam which , place through a iron ring , be hold shut the door of the hide place . use the sole of he foot , he push against the square of wall : the light enter violently . it be not electric light , but daylight . kader blink he eye to accustom they to the light , then go out on all four ; after he , ramel , and then the other . they leave the hide place that Ali build in the wash-house on the terrace . 109 complex of kader' house . outside . day . all of they have machine gun . ramel be very tall and robust , about thirty year old . Si mourad be slightly older than ramel . his movement be slow and precise ; he glance express patience and authority . djamila be wait for they . djamila you can come out . thank God . there be so many this time , about ten . Ali reclose the hide place . kader paratrooper ? djamila yes . kader what do you think ? do they come here on purpose or by accident ? djamila no . by accident . they ask some question , but they do not touch anyone . Ali have come out of the wash-house . the sun be high , and helicopter be see pass one another in the sky . on some faraway terrace , bivouacs of paras be visible . they be guard the casbah from above . the rumble of motor and the voice of the loudspeaker be hear more clearly as they near the house . loudspeaker " attention ! attention ! inhabitant of the casbah ! the terrorist Ben Amin have be execute this morning . qrara normendine have be arrest . boussalem Ali have be arrest . bel kasel maussa have be arrest . inhabitant of the casbah ! the NFL have be defeat . rebel against the remain terrorist who want to force you to continue a bloody and futile struggle . people of the casbah , the terrorist Ben Amin have be execute . help we to build a free and peaceful Algeria . inhabitant of the casbah , the nlf have be defeat . rebel against the remain terrorist who want to force you to continue a bloody and futile struggle . attention ! attention ! inhabitant of the casbah ! the terrorist Ben Amin have be execute this morning . qrara normendine have be arrest . boussalem Ali have be arrest . bel kasem moussa have be arrest . inhabitant of the casbah -- the nlf have be defeat ... " the voice fade away and be no longer hear . at the same time , a woman have come up from the floor below , carry a tray of cup and a teapot . Ali look at she quickly , but then watch she more closely , he see that she be cry . when she pass near he , he stop she , place he hand kindly on she shoulder , and ask she in Arabic why she be cry . dialogue in arabic between ali and woman . the woman shake she head , try to smile , but say nothing . then she enter the wash-house silently and begin to serve the tea . kader it 's better to split up , to increase we chance . we must change hide place , and change they continually ... in the meantime , we must make new contact , replace we arrest brother , reorganize we section -- ali ( interrupt he ) yes , but we must also show they that we still exist . kader of course . as soon as possible . ali no , immediately . the people be demoralize . leave this to I ... kader no . not you , or any one of we . as long as we be free , the nlf continue to exist in the casbah . if they manage to take we too , there will not be anything leave ... and from nothing come nothing ... ramel ( intervene ) but it 's also necessary to do something ... kader and we will do something , do not worry . as soon as we have reestablish contact ... mourad and we movement ? kader for this too we have get to change method . 110 municipal stadium . outside . day . february 10 , 1957 . the municipal stadium be crowded with people . there be a football game between two european team . it be almost the end of the first half . from above to the right of the guest box , there be a very loud explosion . strip of flesh be hurl into the air . thick , white smoke ... there be scream of terror . the people try to move away in haste . they be shove , push , bump into one another ... then , calm return . the siren of the ambulance be hear . the stretcher , the dead carry away , score of wounded . 111 prefect office . PRESS hall . inside . day . february 25 . Ben m'hidi be stand in front of the journalist with handcuffs on he wrist and ankle . he be without a tie . he be smile a little , he glance ironical . there be two paras behind he with machine gun ready . the picture be still for a instant ; Ben m'hidi 's smile be steady , so too he eye , he entire face . flashes , click of camera . 1st journalist Mr. Ben m'hidi ... do not you think it be a bit cowardly to use you woman 's basket and handbags to carry explosive device that kill so many innocent people ? Ben m'hidi shrug he shoulder in he usual manner and smile a little . BEN m'hidi and do not it seem to you even more cowardly to drop napalm bomb on unarm village , so that there be a thousand time more innocent victim ? of course , if we have you airplane it would be a lot easier for we . give we you bomber , and you can have we basket . 2 nd journalist Mr. Ben m'hidi ... in you opinion , have the nlf any chance to beat the french army ? BEN m'hidi in my opinion , the nlf have more chance of beat the french army than the french have to stop history . the press hall in the prefect 's office be crowded with journalist of every nationality . at the side and central aisle there be photographer and cameramen . Ben m'hidi be opposite they , stand on a low wooden platform . mathieu be next to he , seat behind a small desk . mathieu now get up , and signal to two paratrooper . another journalist simultaneously have ask another question : 3rd journalist Mr. Ben m'hidi , Colonel mathieu have say that you have be arrest by accident , practically by mistake . in fact , it seem that the paratrooper be look for someone much less important than yourself . can you tell we why you be in that apartment at rue debussy last night ? the two paras have move forward and they take Ben m'hidi by the arm . at the same time , he answer . BEN m'hidi I can only tell you that it would have be better if I have never be there ... mathieu ( intervene ) that 's enough , gentleman . it 's late , and we all have a lot of work ... Ben m'hidi glance at he ironically . BEN m'hidi be the show already over ? mathieu ( smile ) yes , it 's over ... before it become self - defeat . the paras lead Ben m'hidi away . he move away with short step , as much as he can with the iron that be tightened around he ankle . mathieu have turn to the journalist and smile again . 112 prefect office . PRESS hall . inside . day . MARCH 4 . Colonel mathieu be stand . on he face be a brief smile , motionless , he eye attentive , but half - close somewhat , due to the camera flash . 1st journalist Colonel mathieu ... the spokesman for the reside minister , Mr. gorlin , have state that " larbi Ben m'hidi commit suicide in he own cell , hang himself with piece of he shirt , that he have use to make a rope , and then attach to the bar of he cell window . " in a precede statement , the same spokesman have specify that : " ... due to the intention already express by the prisoner Ben m'hidi to escape at the first opportunity , it have be necessary to keep he hand and foot bound continually . " in you opinion , colonel , in such condition , be a man capable of tear he shirt , make a rope from it , and attach it to a bar of the window to hang himself ? mathieu you should address that question to the minister 's spokesman . I be not the one who make that statement ... on my part , I will say that I have the opportunity to admire the moral strength , intelligence , and unwaver idealism demonstrate by Ben m'hidi . for this reason , although remember the danger he represent , I do not hesitate to pay homage to he memory . 2 nd journalist Colonel mathieu ... much have be say lately not only of the success obtain by the paratrooper , but also of the method that they have employ ... can you tell we something about this ? mathieu the success obtain be the result of that method . one presuppose the other and vice versa . 3rd journalist Excuse I , colonel . I have the impression that perhaps due to excessive prudence ... my colleague continue to ask the same allusive question , to which you can only respond in a allusive manner . I think it would be better to call thing by they right name ; if one mean torture , then one should call it torture . mathieu I understand . what 's you question ? 3rd journalist the question have already be ask . I would only like some precise answer , that 's all ... mathieu let 's try to be precise then . the word " torture " do not appear in we order . we have always speak of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation direct against unknown enemy . as for the nlf , they request that they member , in the event of capture , should maintain silence for twenty - four hour , and then , they may talk . thus , the organization have already have the time necessary to render useless any information furnish ... what type of interrogation should we choose ? ... the one the court use for a crime of homicide which drag on for month ? 3rd journalist the law be often inconvenient , colonel ... mathieu and that who explode bomb in public place , do they perhaps respect the law ? when you ask that question to Ben m'hidi , remember what he say ? no , gentleman , believe I , it be a vicious circle . and we could discuss the problem for hour without reach any conclusion . because the problem do not lie here . the problem be : the nlf want we to leave Algeria and we want to remain . now , it seem to I that , despite vary shade of opinion , you all agree that we must remain . when the rebellion first begin , there be not even shade of opinion . all the newspaper , even the leave - wing one want the rebellion suppress . and we be send here for this very reason . and we be neither mad nor sadist , gentleman . that who call we fascist today , forget the contribution that many of we make to the resistance . that who call we Nazis , do not know that among we there be survivor of dachau and buchenwald . we be soldier and we only duty be to win . therefore , to be precise , I would now like to ask you a question : should France remain in Algeria ? if you answer " yes , " then you must accept all the necessary consequence . 113 casbah house . torture sequence . inside . day . casbah , bedroom , kitchen , bathroom . sharp , white light ; motionless face , figure pause midway in gesture . woman , child ... glassy eye ... background motionless like in a landscape . Algerians ... wild eye ... animal be lead to slaughter . paras , they every gesture measure exactly , perfection achieve . a algerian be lie down on the table , he arm and ankle bound with belt . a algerian , in the form of a wheel , a iron bar in the curvature of he knee , he ankle tie to he wrist . Electrical wire wrench from they outlet , a generator with crank , extend plier with they prong open wide , the top of the wire hold between two prong , the plier apply to a naked body , the most sensitive part : lip , tongue , ear , nipple , heart , sexual organ ... faucet , tub , bucket , funnel , a mouth force open , hold open , with a wooden wedge , tub in the mouth , rag scattered around , water , a belly that be swell . .. the torture be precise in every detail , and every detail point to a technique that be take apart and reassemble . 114 upper casbah alley . outside . day . the chorus of the Koran school like ceaseless wail , like a stubborn will to survive that seem to be spread through the casbah . petit Omar look up instinctively , he small face harden and taciturn , like that of a adult , then enter the school . 115 koran school . inside . day . the child be sit on the mat , motionless ; only they lip be move . there be a oblique light , the teacher be in the shadow . RELIGIOUS chorus . petit Omar approach the teacher who shake he head in denial . Omar go out . 116 casbah street . patrol . outside . day . the casbah be patrol by paratrooper ; helmet , machine gun , portable radio , police dog ... paratrooper be erecting loudspeaker at every street corner . paratrooper with brushes and bucket of paint be mark the door of the casbah with large number . from time to time , machine - gun fire be hear in the distance . Algerians be stand against the wall , they hand up . there be a dead man a few foot away , a algerian youth . the paratrooper turn he over and search he . a child with terrify eye turn around a little . a para transmit the dead man 's name into the portable radio . 117 casbah . other street . outside . day . a car radio receive and transmit the same name ; and then the name be repeat by the loudspeaker scattered throughout the casbah . loudspeaker " inhabitant of the casbah ! the rebellion get weaker every day . the terrorist Ben Amin have be execute . kasem moussa have be arrest . he be commander of the 2nd sector nlf . inhabitant of the casbah ! the terrorist be not you true brother . leave they to they fate . rely on the protection of the french army . denounce the terrorist and agitator . cooperate with we to reestablish peace and prosperity in Algeria ... " 118 four women . STREET . outside . day . four woman , they face veile , meet a patrol of paras in a small street . two of the paras stop the last woman , and lift she dress , uncover she foot and ankle -- that of a man . the tear away she veil . the man be Ali . at the same time , there be ... machine -gun FIRE . the two paras fall to the ground . Ali grasp he weapon , visible through the open of he cloak . the other paras fling themselves to the ground . the other three woman flee , while Ali continue to shoot , then run away . the four flee through the narrow street and alley , climb a stairway , and leap from one terrace to another . behind they , shout , whistle , and machine - gun fire be hear . and move nearer ... barking of dog . 119 courtyard with well . outside . day . the four enter a courtyard . Ali 's three companion have also lift they veil . they be kader , mourad , and ramel . a woman rush to shut the door while a man lead the four toward a open hide by some box . the other who be in the courtyard , woman and child , be also busy help , silently , hurriedly , in a tense atmosphere of solidarity with the four fugitive . very near be hear ... barking of dog and paras ' hurried footstep . a woman run toward the door and throw some large handfuls of pepper under the crack . 120 STREET courtyard with well . outside . day . the group of pursuer -- paras who be hold police dog by leash -- slow down in front of the door . barking dog . the animal sniff the ground , then move on together with the paras . 121 arab bath . inside . day . petit Omar enter the large steamy room . he move near the manager and hand he a envelope . the manager slip it quickly under the counter . speaker " to all nlf militant ! reorganize ! replace you fall and arrest brother . make new contact ! this be a grave moment . resist brother ! the General staff leave you free to take any and all necessary offensive ... 122 casbah house . inside . day . all the inhabitant of a house . the man be in a row on the balcony of the first floor , they hand cross behind they head , they back to the wall , while paras guard they with point machine gun . two paratrooper lead a algerian girl forward : she seem to be exhaust , and can barely walk , she eye half - close . they stop in front of the first man and ask she : paras be this one ? speaker " we heart be break before such outrage , we house invade , we family massacre . Brothers , rebel ! bring terror to the european city ! " 123 algerian street . outside . evening . the european city , evening , house be be light . people have finish work . they be go to the bar , cinemas , or for walk , or crowd the bus stop ... the wail of a siren at full blast , a ambulance , drive at frightening speed . the people move aside , jump to the sidewalk . the car squeeze to the right , stop . the ambulance door be open , a corpse be throw out , fall , roll into the street . the people rush to it . it be a hospital attendant 's in white uniform with a knife stick in he throat . the sound of the siren decrease in intensity ; the ambulance be by now far away . 124 ambulance . outside / inside . evening . in the driver 's cab , there be two algerian boy . they hair be curly , they shirt old and tear . they be sweat ; they eye wide open , stare . the one who be drive barely reach the height of the steering wheel . he clutches it desperately . the other have a machine gun . he make a remark in Arabic shouting to be hear above the siren . the driver take a hand off the steering wheel , place it on the dashboard , and try all the switch until he find the one for the headlight . the high beam . the other , meanwhile , be now on he knee on the seat . he be lean out the open window to he waist , and he begin to shoot . 125 route of ambulance . outside . evening . the picture succeed one another in a dizzy rhythm ; surprise , terror , someone fall . shot . siren . 126 ambulance . outside / inside . evening . there be no more ammunition . the machine gun be throw in the back of the ambulance . the siren be still at full blast . the auto race ahead at terrifying speed . the two boy do not know any more what to do , where to go , and the one who be drive have he eye almost close , as if he be dizzy . they reach a square . siren . the other point ahead to the leave . 127 bus shelter . outside . evening . the people be crowded in a bus shelter . the one who be drive do not understand or do not want to . the other shout to he again and again , the same phrase , then fling himself on the steering wheel , and turn it in that direction . the bus shelter be nearer and nearer . the people be paralyze . they have no time to move . they be run down , ram into . the ambulance crash into a pillar . on the ground , all about , the body of dead and wounded . the boy ' body remain motionless , they forehead rest on the smashed windshield . but the sound of the siren do not stop , and be hear , mournful and full of anguish . 128 ramel' house . impasse ST . vincent do paul . outside / inside . day . august 26 . impasse St. Vincent -de- Paul , noon . there be helicopter in the sky , and paras fill the alley . they face be pale and tense , they eye wide open , they hand clutch they machine gun . there be a strange silence . then a movement at the back of the alley , a voice , a brief greeting . mathieu have arrive and he be say to a officer : mathieu now be not the time for heroes . give I the megaphone . mathieu take the megaphone in he hand and approach a open door . through the doorway the inner courtyard of the house be visible where the corpse of four paras be strewn about . ramel and Si mourad be on the first - floor balcony , lie in wait behind the railing , so they be able to watch the door , courtyard , and the stairway that lead from the balcony to the terrace . on the terrace there be other paras who be face the balcony . from time to time they release a burst of machine gun fire . the voice of mathieu be hear over the loudspeaker . mathieu ramel ... Si mourad ... use you head . if you go on like this , I would not want to be in you place when you be capture ... because you will be capture in the end , and you know it too . surrender ! if you do it immediately , I promise that you will not be harme and you will have a fair trial . can you hear I ? ramel and Si mourad look at each other . mourad who be speak ? mathieu mathieu . Colonel mathieu . mourad we do not trust you , colonel . come forward , show yourself . a moment of silence . mathieu I do not trust you either . first stand up so I can see you , and keep you hand still and well in sight . mourad hesitates a instant , glance at ramel , then : mourad okay . but we want you promise for a fair trial in write . give we a write statement , mathieu , and then we will surrender . mathieu how can I give you this statement ? mourad we will lower a basket from the window ... mathieu okay , I will make the statement in write ... mourad show he companion the two large time - bomb that be on the floor in front of he . he take one , begin to prepare it , and regulate the mechanism . at the same time , he tell ramel in Arabic to go find the basket . ramel crawl past the door which be all close , and ask for a basket . a door open and a old woman appear . she hand he a basket with its cord roll up . mourad ( without turn around ) a newspaper too , or a piece of paper ... ramel bring he the basket and newspaper . mourad have load the time - bomb mechanism , and the tic-toc sound be sharp and clear . now he have to move the second hand . mourad 's hand do not tremble , he glance be attentive , concentrate . ramel watch he without say a word ; he fear be obvious . without move , he eye glue to the bomb dial : mourad ( loudly ) be you ready , colonel ? mathieu yes ... but let I first see you . mourad move one of the clock hand to precede the other one by a minute . immediately afterward he place the flat and rectangular bomb in the bottom of the basket . the basket seem to be empty . the piece of newspaper protect its bottom . mourad tell ramel to get up , and he too get up . they machine gun be lie on the ground . meanwhile , mourad have begin to count to himself silently , he lip move : one , two , three , four ... from the terrace , the paras can see ramel and mourad stand up not very far away , they empty hand rest near the basket on the railing . a para shout : para we see they . you can come . mourad begin to lower the basket very slowly . mourad ( count ) 60 , 59 , 58 , 57 , 56 , 55 , 54 , 53 ... mathieu enter the courtyard together with a officer and other paras . he look up toward the balcony , smile , and show they a fold piece of paper . mathieu here it be ... you know that when I give my word , I keep it ... mourad do not answer , but look at mathieu as if to calculate the distance and time , and slow down even more the basket 's descent . mathieu move forward a few step , as if to go for the basket that be hang on the other side of the courtyard , but suddenly he seem perplex for a second , and then change he mind . he turn to the nearest para , and give he the note . mathieu you go ... mourad 's face have remain motionless . in he expression there be a shade of disappointment . he see mathieu retrace he step toward the door , and be now surround by a group of paratrooper ... mourad ( count ) 25 , 24 , 23 , 22 , 21 , 20 , 19 ... the basket have stop move two yard from the ground . in order to reach it , the para have to step over the corpse of he dead companion , he face harden , he reach the basket , and extend he arm , he throw in the note . the basket do not move ; the para look up . para ( mutter ) hurry up , black bastard ! mourad smile at he , and mumble something in Arabic , a phrase that he do not manage to finish , for now be hear -- the explosion . 129 rue caton 4 . fathia' house . inside . night . september 2. rue caton number four . it be 11 p.m . a large , badly light room be fill with paratrooper and one of they be now be carry away on a stretcher . another three or four wounded be seat on the opposite side of the room and be wait they turn to be carry away . two paras be by the door . they look out from time to time , and be attentive , ready , with machine gun clutch by they side . on the other side of the room opposite the door , the Algerians who live in the house be stand against the wall . mathieu be in front of they , and he be ask a group of woman : mathieu which one of you be fathia ? a woman about forty year old raise she eye toward he . mathieu be it you ? the woman nod yes . mathieu go up the stair , and tell kader that if they do not surrender , we will blow up everything ... do you understand ? the woman again nod yes , and without wait for more word , she move toward the door , taciturn , silent . mathieu follow she , he push past she . mathieu try to convince he , if you care about you house ... wait a minute ... do you want to get kill ? he lean out the door and say loudly : mathieu kader , look . fathia be come ... I would not shoot ... then he step aside and let the woman pass . mathieu go on ... outside the door , there be a small landing , then a steep stairway , and at the top , a corridor . fathia climb the stair that be cluttere with empty magazine , with cartridge box . the wall be chip from the shoot . the ceiling be parallel to the stairway at the same inclination , for part of its distance . but for the last few yard , it straighten out and lower to become horizontal . the floor of the hide place be open . Inside be Zohra and kader . fathia repeat to they in Arabic what mathieu have say to she . kader listen to she then answer , he too in Arabic . then he smile . kader okay ... you can tell the colonel to blow up whatever he like . go on , now . fathia go down the stair , and reenter the room . fathia ( to mathieu ) he say that you can blow up whatever you like ... she , then , rejoin the other woman . mathieu seem to be tired , he have lose weight , he be nervous . he turn to he man , and slowly as he give the order , the paras begin to move . mathieu return to where the other be . prepare the plastic . it should be place on the ceiling of the stairway under the hide place ... a long fuse roll up ... take cover ... keep shoot while you be work . quickly ! clear the house ... bring they outside , then check the room again ... hurry up ! kader give Zohra a box of match . she go to the back of the hide place where there be a bundle of papers . she light they , then return near to kader who be inspect the magazine of he machine gun . there be only two shot leave . the other empty magazine be scattered around . kader turn to Zohra , and start to speak , but suddenly he word be blurred by the sound of shot . kader and Zohra have to step back a little , because the shell be flash at the edge of the open . the shoot stop . from the stairway , one end of a long fuse be throw into the corridor . the other end be insert into a plastic charge fastened to the ceiling of the stairway , under the hide place . kader and Zohra can see two or three yard in front of they , below , into the corridor , where the end of the fuse be glow and burn . kader too have lose weight , he beard be long . he look at the fuse , then at Zohra . a second pass in silence . now Zohra too look at he , and kader say calmly in he usual voice : kader it do not do any good to die like this ... it do not help anybody ... he lean out from the hide place . kader ( shouting ) mathieu ! if you give you word that you will not touch any of the other people in the house , we will come out . 130 military car . inside . night . Inside a military automobile . in the back seat , mathieu be sit next to kader who be handcuff . Zohra be in the front seat , between the driver and a para who have in he hand a large regulation pistol . the interior be light by the headlight of a jeep which be follow directly behind the auto a few yard . silence . mathieu look hastily at kader , who be stare straight in front of he , and appear to be sullen and downcast . then mathieu speak in a pleasant tone , as if in friendly conversation . mathieu if you have let I blow you up , you would have disappointed I ... kader turn to he , and reply , try to maintain he own voice at the same level of indifference : kader why ? mathieu for many month , I have have you photo on my desk together with a dozen or so report on you ... and naturally , I be under the illusion that I know you somewhat . you never seem the type , kader , inclined to perform useless action . kader do not answer right away , then speak slowly as if express the result of he doubt , a new point of view ... kader you seem to be very satisfied to have take I alive ... mathieu of course I be . kader that prove that I be wrong . evidently I credit you with a advantage great than I should have . mathieu no . let 's just say that you have give I the satisfaction to have guess correctly . but from the technical point of view , it be not possible to speak of advantage . by now the game be over . the nlf have be defeat . Zohra have turn around suddenly . she be cry and speak hastily in Arabic , violently , harshly . mathieu do not understand , and turn to kader to ask he politely , although with a bit of irony : mathieu what be she say ? kader she say that Ali be still in the casbah . 131 crowded beach . outside . day . Ali la Pointe 's glance be sullen , heavy , motionless . he move he head slowly in such a way so that he glance also move in a semicircle . White beach , fine sand , transparent sea , body stretch out in the sun , golden skin of girl ; girl in bikinis , sensual , smile , young man with narrow hip , with muscle well care for , cheerful youth , naturally happy , enviable . the child be building sand castle near the water 's edge ; the beach be shape like a half - moon with rocky reef at both end ... a September Sunday , warm and calm . Ali be lean on the wall . he be wear a white wool cloak . only he eye be visible ... the eye of a hungry tiger perch above a path , on the lookout for innocent prey . eye that now gleam , cruel eye , tension dilating the pupil ... then again the calm , a gloomy calm , a gratify tension . the place be right , and the victim could not be better one . Ali move , leave the wall , cross the street to a large city sanitation truck , one of that metallic truck with no visible opening . a young algerian be at the steering wheel , a street cleaner . he be lean he thin face on the wheel . his hand be dirty , by now unwashable from year of work . Ali have climb into the cab . the truck be in motion and leave . 132 sanitation truck . inside . day . the name of the street cleaner be sadek . he seem frighten . he look around , hesitates before speak . sadek then the beach be okay , Ali . silence . sadek look at he again , wait , but Ali do not respond . Ali look straight ahead at the street bath in sunlight , the tar that seem to be liquid , the villas that surround algier , the lemon tree , the oleander ... then he speak , but without turn to sadek . he speak in a whisper , he eye continually stare straight ahead . ali we need two more , the biggest one . sadek and the other ? ali the other ... let 's wait and see . sadek remain silent for a while . sadek I have look , Ali , even where I work . nothing . the one who have not be arrest have leave algier and go into the mountain ... and the other do not want to hear any more about it ... they be afraid ... Ali do not answer he . silence . ali can not you go any faster ? sadek yes , sure ... here . sadek put the truck in third gear , accelerate the motor , then shift back again into fourth gear . the truck increase its speed . the road be straight , the outskirt of algier be visible . sadek if we do not find any other ... should we call it off ? Ali turn suddenly to look at he but say nothing . sadek can feel that eye on he , and try to justify himself . sadek we can not plant all of they by ourselves ... Ali speak to he in a dry and indifferent voice . ali you do not have to plant anything . you only have to carry they , that 's all . 133 rue des abderame . ali' house . outside / inside . night . night . at number three rue des abderame , on the first - floor balcony , the stove fire be glow . the woman be cooking outside on they stove build from tin container . they be cooking in front of the door of they home . the doorway be light up . Ali pass along the balcony , pass by mahmoud and he wife who be speak in whisper by themselves and lean on the railing . it be a warm and starry night . mahmoud say some more word to he wife , still speak in whisper , tenderly . then he follow Ali who have stop in front of the door . 134 ali be room . inside . night . in the room , there be petit Omar who be cut out some picture from a comic book . as soon as he see Ali at the door , he stop , close he book , put the scissors in he pocket . he seem to be embarrassed at be catch in he childish game . in the center of the room , there be a divide curtain , pull halfway to the side . on the other side , hassiba be type . behind hassiba , next to the bed , the hide place be open . Ali enter . he seem tired , sweat . he remove he cloak , toss it on the chair , and put he machine gun on the table . ali ( turn to petit Omar ) c'mon , hurry . go to sleep . tomorrow we four have a lot of work to do : mahmoud , hassiba , you and I . mahmoud have remain motionless at the door . hassiba have stop type and approach they . Omar say nothing , but there be a satisfied look in he eye . he can not help stretch out he hand to touch the machine gun . Ali sit down , at the table , move the machine gun away from Omar , and continue to speak , still talk to Omar . ali because we can not find anyone else , sadek will bring we there in the truck . you get out first and plant the bomb where I tell you ... then return here quickly . but be careful that no one be follow you . then hassiba will get out , and after she , mahmoud . then I will plant the one that be leave . they will know that we be still strong ... you can be sure of that . 135 ali be room . inside . dawn . october 7 , 1957 . the room be badly light by a small lamp which be on the other side of the curtain . there be a mattress on the table and petit Omar be lie on top , asleep . Ali be lie on a mattress on the ground , fully dress , with he machine gun by he side . his eye be open , and he be listen to the far-away sound of a motor . he look at he watch , get up , and go to open the door . outside there be the first gray light of dawn . the sound be hear more clearly and seem to be move nearer . Ali return to petit Omar , stay a minute look at he , then shake he roughly . the child get up immediately . he be tremble , as if he have sleep with taut nerve , and jump down quickly from the table . his eye be open , but he be still sleepy . Ali smile for a moment , and run he finger through Omar 's hair . ali Omar , Omar . c'mon , wake up . hurry , little one . today you be go to see firework . the child also smile and he face relax , then brighten up . at the same time , he extend he hand and pat Ali 's side . mahmoud enter the room from the balcony . he be carry a tray with four cup of coffee . mahmoud it 's almost time , be not it ? ali yes . then Ali turn to the curtain and call : ali hassiba ... hassiba I be ready . Ali sit down and put on a pair of sneaker . petit Omar have finish dress . the curtain be draw , hassiba appear , already dress . mahmoud I hear the sound of a truck before ... ali I too . but I do not think it be sadek . otherwise he would be here by now . hassiba be dress in european clothes , a skirt and blouse . she near the table and take a cup of coffee . hassiba ( smile ) how be you wife now ? mahmoud 's face be expressionless . he shake he head . mahmoud so-so ... Ali have finish put on he shoe . he take a cup of coffee . in the same moment , outside the door be hear : machine -gun FIRE . the four be startle . ali ( shouting ) Inside ! Inside ! simultaneously , all of they move toward the hide place . mahmoud 's wife appear at the door . her face be despair , but she move carefully , quickly , precisely . she close the door . she put the coffee cup back on the tray , and hide everything in the sink . she go to the other side of the curtain . Ali be enter the hide place . the other three be already inside . Ali push the movable piece of wall toward he , and the woman help he . then , she take a can from the night table ; it be full of plaster mix with coal dust . the woman spread the paste in the joint between the brick of the wall and the closure of the hide place . at the same time , shouting , shot , and the footstep of paras be hear . as soon as she have finish , the woman slip into bed under the sheet . the paratrooper break into the room shouting , and make the woman get up . they drag she outside on the balcony . 136 abderame courtyard . outside . dawn . they drag mahmoud 's wife down from the balcony to the center of the courtyard , where now all the inhabitant of the building be stand -- man , woman , child -- all of they with they hand to the wall , in full sight of the paras who be guard they . sadek 's head be lower . he pass along the balcony between Marc and the captain . he stop in front of the door . captain ( mumble softly ) here ? the algerian nod yes . they enter . 137 ali be room . inside . dawn . sadek point toward the curtain . the captain signal he to go there . the algerian point to a spot in the brick baseboard . the captain examine it and with he thumb , he test the fresh plaster . he bend down and lean he ear to the wall . he smile as he listen to the ... heavy breathing . it be the same breathe that soon after mathieu hear , bent in the same position as the captain . the colonel get up and look around he . four paras be ready with they machine gun aim at the hide place . other be arrange plastic charge along the wall , all of they connect to a single fuse . in a corner , sadek , wear he cap and army camouflage fatigue , be sit on a chair . he be watch the scene with he eye wide open . he be tremble . his body be slouched forward . he seem to be lifeless , without nerve . if it be not for he face , he would seem to be a heap of rag . mathieu ( to the captain ) everything ready ? captain yes , sir . mathieu he have not answer ? captain no , sir . total silence . mathieu I think so . it be obvious . mathieu bend down again and lean he ear against the brick . he get up again . he remain a minute in this position , lose in think . mathieu ( loudly and markedly ) Ali ... Ali la Pointe ... you be go to be blow up . let the other come out , at least the child . we will let he off with reformatory school ... why do you want to make he die ? mathieu stop , and shake he head . he turn to the captain : mathieu let 's go ... a paratrooper be unrol a large bundle of fuse . captain bring it down there , till it reach outside ... para yes , sir ... mathieu have stop in front of sadek . he look at he . mathieu be this one still here ? ... take he away . two paratrooper grab the street cleaner by the armpit and almost lift he completely , they lead he away . mathieu be about to go out , then turn and take the megaphone from the captain 's hand , and place it to he mouth . mathieu Ali ! Ali la Pointe ! I be give you another thirty second . what do you hope to gain ? you have lose anyway . thirty second , Ali , start now . 138 ali' hiding place . inside . dawn . Ali la Pointe 's eye be stare at the square piece of wall that seal the hide place . his glance be taciturn , gloomy . the other be watch Ali . they lip be half -open , they breast rise and fall in laborious breathe . ali ( in deep , resign voice ) who want to leave ? petit Omar press against Ali 's arm ; he look like a son with he father . mahmoud take he head in he hand and squeeze it . hassiba what be you go to do ? ali I do not deal with they . 139 ali be room . inside . dawn . mathieu check he watch ; thirty second have pass . he move to go out . the four paras with machine gun be still in the room . captain ( to another paratrooper ) you stay here by the door to signal the other . when I call you , all of you come down ... 140 rue des abderame . outside . morning . the sun have rise to the height of the terrace . the terrace be swarm with people . the alley be empty and only the fuse be visible ; it reach to a small clear full of paratrooper . two more colonel and a general have arrive . there be a paratrooper with a " arriflex " ready to film the explosion . the atmosphere be that of a show . two paratrooper be connect the end of the fuse to the electric contact . on the terrace , there be algerian woman , child , and old people . they eye be motionless ; someone be praying . there be a atmosphere of suspense . there be also the wife of mahmoud ; she eye seem blank . five paras come out of the house quickly , and pass along the alley toward the clear . the captain signal , and the para begin to lower the contact switch slowly . the eye of all be motionless . the camera be ready . but the explosion do not occur . the paratrooper swear ; he examine the wire . captain stand back ! ready , Pierre ? Pierre respond by mumble something , and at the same time he hand be move frenziedly around the wire . 141 ali' hiding place . inside . morning . Ali la Pointe bend over petit Omar as if to cover he . hassiba have stop breathe , she eye wide open ; mahmoud be cry ... a single image , a second and now : the explosion . 142 rue des abderame . outside . morning . the house collapse in a white cloud , as if its foundation have suddenly be remove . mathieu and the other officer move away . behind they the echo of the explosion continue to resound , then shout , order , and isolate ju-ju . mathieu 's face be weary but he expression be relieved . he be smile . general and so the tapeworm no longer have a head . be you satisfied , mathieu ? in algier everything should be over . mathieu yes , I believe there will not be any more talk of the nlf for some time . general let 's hope forever . another colonel intervene : 1st colonel at heart they be good people . we have have good relation with they for a hundred and thirty year ... I do not see why we should not continue that way . 2 nd colonel yes , but algier be not the only city in Algeria . mathieu ( smile ) bah , for that matter , Algeria be not the only country in the world ... general ( smile ) why , yes , of course ... but for the moment , let 's be satisfied with algier ! in the mountain we work be always easier . gradually the officer move away down the slant street toward they jeep , and they remark fade away and be lose . 143 casbah street . demonstration . outside . day . december 1960 . like the cry of bird , of thousand of wild bird , the ju-jus invade and shake the black sky . ju-ju-ju ... and below , in the casbah the white cloak of the Algerians be like stream , flood ; through the alley , down the stairway , through the street and the square , they flow toward the european city . 144 PRESS hall . prefect office . inside . day . in the press hall , the journalist be take the telephone by force , shouting at the top of they voice . a English journalist : journalist no one know what could have be the pretext . the fact be that they seem to be unleash without warning ... I telephone lausanne ... yes , lausanne . I speak with a nlf leader in exile . they do not know anything there . 145 algier street . demonstration . outside . day / night . in front , the adolescent , very young boy and girl , they mouth wide open , they eye burn , laugh , they arm stretch above they , raise and lower to mark the rhythm . voice algerie ! mu-sul-mane ! algerie musulmane ! the paratrooper jump down from the truck , and rush forward . the policeman rush forward , soldier , zouave , the crs ... deploy in cordon , in a wedge , in turtle - like formation , in order to divide , to scatter , to hold back ... but the demonstrator will not move back , or divide . they continue to press forward , push against the troops , face to face . voice free ben-bel-la ! free ben-bel-la! the european be close they door , lowering shutter . they too , the young one , the more decisive , be grouping together , try to confront the Algerians . they be less numerous , but armed ... the first revolver shot resound in the street , from the window . some Algerians fall , but the other continue to advance . they be run now , scatter . voice ta-hia et-thou -ar ! [ Long live the partisan ! ] the jeep , the truck , the siren , the tear - gas bomb , machine gun fire . and then the tank . the turret move slowly in a semi-circle . the machine gunner fire the first burst at point-blank . voice ta-hia el - djez-air ! ta-hia el - djez-air ! meanwhile the sun have set , and shadow of night be visible . voice of english journalist ( off ) today the situation be tenser . in spite of pressure from the more intolerant colonialist group it seem that the government have give strict order not to use arm except in emergency situation . but this afternoon there be attempt to enter the european city by force : as a result , the first casualty ... now calm have return , although from the casbah continue to be hear that cry ... incoherent , rhythmic , nightmarish cry ... and then , from time to time , in the by now dark night , the shrill and angry ju-jus . ju-ju-ju ... 146 algerian street . flag . outside . day . that cry continue until the follow day . the follow day be sunny ; the scene begin again like the day before . only that ... voice of english journalist ( off ) this morning for the first time , the people appear with they flag -- green and white with half moon and star . thousands of flag . they must have sewn they overnight . flag so to speak . many be strip of sheet , shirt , ribbon , rag ... but anyway they be flag . thousands of flag . all be carry flag , tie to pole or stick , or wave in they hand like handkerchief . waving in the sullen face of the paratrooper , on the black helmet of the soldier . speaker " another two year have to pass and infinite loss on both side ; and then July 2 , 1962 independence be obtain -- the algerian Nation be bear . " voice ta-hia el - djez-air ! ta-hia el - djez-air ! ta-hia el - djez-air ! the end screenplay by franco solinas