battlestar galactaca fade in on a starfield a myriad glow jewel of light ... and a stillness that be both friend and enemy ... suddenly , a full - throat burst of a single chord play by a symphony orchestra as we see superimpose over the starfield , the word : galactica saga of a Star World then as the lettering drift off into space , the chord begin to diminish until it be only sustained by the ethereal high pitch strain of a mute string section and a voice speak to we against the ever present star ... adama' voice thousands of year ago , colony be establish throughout the universe by a mother race from the far reach of space ... this race of people be know as humanoid ... human being ... a unsubjugatable , resourceful people who love freedom , adventure ... even conflict ... now , in the seventh millennium of time , a solemn and dramatic event be take place ... a peace envoy , represent the twelve know colony of man , move through space in hope of bring to a close a thousand year war tat have see the human embattle by a alliance of being ... bent on they destruction ... the mission of the colonial fleet would bring the star world a new beginning ...or ... against the starfield superimpose the word : the end a sleek fighter plane blast onto the screen on the smiling face of zac a bright , enthusiastic , young ( 23 ) fighter pilot closete in the super modern , form -fitting cockpit of he sleek ship ... the finest fight craft in the Colonial fleet ... zac two target on my scanner ... just above the old moon , cimtar . inside a second ship on another face older ( 30 ) ... a hint of cynicism as he glance at he scanner . skyler probably a cylon patrol ... zac awful long way from home ... where 's they base ship ... skyler no base ship ... Long range reconnaissance craft ... strange , I be not pick up anything but static beyond that guy ... insert two blip on the front side of a steady field of static interference ... zac I too ... I think it be my scanner ... skyler could be a storm ... the fleet will be come right through it ... we would better go have a look ... kick in the turbos ... inside zac' ship zac skyler ... the stand order on conserve fuel specifically forbid use of turbos , except under battle condition ... skyler kid ... you be on the front line now ... anything go ... skyler push three button and shove he foot to the floor . the result blast drive he back against the seat . skyler' fighter burst ahead , roll over and out across the sky . someplace in the sky amongst the star on a fleet of warship five fly battlestar ... as we draw closer , the scale and enormity of the machine become increasingly impressive ... closer rake along the bridge level of one ship until we come to a name emblazon on the side of the graceful machine .. atlantia inside a dine chamber one half of which look out on the most spectacular sight ever witness by man ... the universe ... a giant starfield in all its majesty ... in the center of the room be a long table at which the center of attention be a bearded man whose face glow with the warmth and wisdom of the age . he raise a silver chalice and the twelve gentleman around he , clad in Roman - like toga and tunic top over tighter fitting pants and boot , come to rapt attention ... old man gentlemen ... I know you be all anxious to return to you ship before we rendezvous with the cylon , but I think it appropriate to toast the most significant event in the history of man ... I would like to raise my chalice to you ... we study the study , dignify face of twelve man , flanking the old man ... six to a side ... they feature betray substantive difference ... they be red , black , yellow , white ... indeed , every variation ... president not merely the quorum of the twelve , represent the twelve colony of man , but my friend ... and the great leader ever assemble ... as we approach the seventh millennium of time , the human race will at last know peace ... thanks to you ... as the be about to salute , each with he own chalice , another voice be hear ... baltar inappropriate ... face swing baltar 's way ... startle by he impudence ... baltar I say we lift we cup to he , who have for the first time , bring the dissident race of mankind together to speak as one before the Alliance ... to President adar and to peace ... even the humble attempt at quelling the voice cannot deny this man they measure of gratitude ... the cup be raise and the Old man join in ... president to peace ... at long last ... point of view from a colonial fighter plane cockpit of a large space vehicle loom up ahead , float above a layer of cloud ... skyler' voice what be it ... zac pull back on the throttle , slow ... he put the vehicle on the scanner and punch up a combination ... zac tell ya ' in a flash ... on zac' scanner on one side of the screen , we see the cylon space vehicle . on the other side of the screen , we see a series of airship profile silhouettes racing by . finally , a image stop . it be a match . a great deal of printing appear below the silhouettes in a unfamiliar text . zac warbook say a cylon tanker . scanner read it empty . skyler what 's a empty tanker do out here ? zac and where 's the other ship ? skyler screen off by this one . wonder what they be hide ? zac I do not know , but it 's awfully close to that storm . skyler we come to look ... zac be careful , skyler . I have a funny feel about this ... skyler you be not old enough to have funny feeling ! besides while we be stick out on patrol , starbuck 's pull a couple of that Geminis ' into a card game . I want to get back before he clean they out . skyler' ship begin to peel off to sweep around the freighter ... on another battlestar in the fleet its name ... " galactica " inside a pilot ' ready room a spartan , standby area for fighter pilot . camera move past a young man in flight clothes , sleep ... another read ... and as we come to the end of the room , a group stand behind one side of a circular card table , form a gallery for a handsome young man call starbuck , who eye he round play card with wily skill . starbuck ( with feign ease ) just to keep the game instructive , and because you be new to it , I will only wager ... starbuck push half of he square cubit of gold in front of he . the two man look , then whisper . a confident smile pass amongst the gallery . gemon despite the humbleness of this hand ... for the honor of we home colony , Gemini , we must challenge you . the young man push forth a measure of golden cubit , equal to the pot . the gallery tense . gemon and for the glory of we colony , another equal measure . gemon push out another pile , in effect , double the stake . the gallery hold its collective breath . starbuck feign continue ease . starbuck well , in the name of we home planet , caprica , and for she everlast glory , I will measure you increase and double it . the gallery gulp as starbuck push in he remain cubit and turn to they . starbuck ( sotto voice ) come on , come on , guy , up with the rest of it ... boomer could we speak with you for a moment . in private ? ( to the Geminis ) only be a flash , fella ... boomer , a trim-look black man ; jolly , a hefty hunk of a guy , and greenbean , a stringbean of a flyer next to he , face the now-stand starbuck and speak to he through clench tooth and heat whisper . boomer be you crazy ...? starbuck ( sotto voice ) be not you listen ? this be for the glory of caprica . do not that mean anything to you ? the gallery stare at starbuck blankly . starbuck look , have I ever steer you guy wrong ? the gallery continue to stare blankly . starbuck ( sotto voice ) all right ... look at it this way . we will double we money ! they be try to buy the pot . jolly ( sotto voice ) you tell we this Geminis do not understand the game . boomer ( sotto ) they catch on fast . now , come on , or we lose everything we have get in that game . reluctantly , the gallery come up with a additional measure of gold cubit . starbuck push they out onto the table and turn he card over . boomer beat that . the gemmon smile and place he card on the table . boomer and the gallery stare at the card , stricken as the gemon rake in the golden cubit . in the presidential dine room the man have adjourned they meeting and now cluster in twos and three , chat amicably . the president grip the arm and hand of baltar . president this armistice conference would not have be possible without you tireless work , baltar . you have secure for yourself a place in the history book . baltar smile humbly . baltar that the cylon choose I as they liaison to the quorum of the twelve be a act of providence , not skill . the old man notice Commander adama stand alone at the huge window to space . the Commander be a strong man with sharp feature and penetrate eye ... still a softness in he bear . on the commander look out , a troubled look on he face , as the President move up behind he president I see the party be not a huge success with all my child . adama it 's what await we out there that trouble I . president surely , you do not cling to you suspicion about the cylon . they ask for this armistice . they want peace . adama forgive I , Mr. President , but they hate human with every fiber of they existence . we love freedom . we love independence . to feel , to question . to rebel against oppression . it 's a alien way of exist they will never accept . president but they have . through baltar , they have sue for peace . adama swing a sober look back to the President adama yes . of course , you be right . point of view a tanker in space . move around it , we see a second tanker appear just above the cloud layer . skyler' fighter sweep around and slow skyler there 's the other ship tuck in nice and neat . now what be she , and what 's she do ? skyler punch the button . he scanner refuse to read the ship . figure and symbol appear in a hopeless jumble . skyler I can not read anything inside . she 's jam we . zac warbook say she 's a freighter . skyler my foot . if she 's jam we , she 's hide something . I be go around she . zac ( alarmed ) that will put you smack in the storm . if it 's asteroid , it will rip we apart . skyler not we , kid . you stay put . I do not want it say that I teach my kid brother bad habit on he first patrol . skyler swing he ship over and head directly into the cloud cover . zac' voice the jam be knock out my scanner . where be you , skyler ? skyler scan the horizon obscure by cloud racing past he . skyler nothing but a harmless cloud cover . not heavy at all . I do not see why they would send up all that electronic ... skyler look down . his face freeze . his eye widen in disbelief ... zac' voice skyler ? what 's go on ? skyler' point of view he have fly into the middle of a cylon staging area . Wall to wall warship as far as the eye can see . we push in close to one of the ship ... inside the cylon attack fighter a triad of cylon centurian . two helmete pilot sit side - by-side , a third between they , slightly higher and back . they helmet be tubular shape with a narrow aperture where one might have expect eye . in they stead , a fine beam of light sweep back and forth , a ominous , ever-aware presence . the cylon swing a look o.s . he point ... zac' ship with the cylon ship in pursuit . on the lead cylon fighter racing ahead , fire on skyler skyler they be jam we transmission , kid . we have get to get back . it 's a ambush , and they have get enough fire power to destroy the entire fleet . on the fleet as a small shuttlecraft approach the galactica from the rear . point of view of the galactica from the shuttlecraft to establish two large carrier deck area tuck into pod on either side of the immense ship . we be dip down and to the leave to land in the leave side of the vessel . on commander adama seat beside a beautiful young woman wear military clothes , who make preparation to land the shuttle vehicle . she suddenly react to something in she headset . athena something 's wrong . adama what be it ? athena I do not know . they just put the ship on alert . closer point of view of the landing deck with large , strobing light arrow the way in and afford a final stop point on the deck 's surface within the bowel of the battlestar . as we draw closer ... closer explosion rock the starfield as the colony fighter cream through space under attack from behind on zac frighten as he take a hit zac skyler ... they knock out my port engine . skyler we be not go to make it give they we back . how many of them can you make out ? zac four ... skyler they only send four after we ? that 's insulting . zac I do not know , skyler . I think they be do awfully well ... skyler only because they be behind we . when I count three , hit you reverse thruster and maximum break flap . we will give they a little surprise . one ...two ...three ... they hit they reverse thruster . a roar go off ... on the cylon fighter as they scream past the colony warplane inside the lead cylon craft the three pilot crane in confusion to figure out what happen . they look all around the sky . on skyler as he narrow he eye and put he finger on a fire control button on he steering column . skyler right here , you creepy , crawly creature ... he squeeze the trigger ... point of view - ahead as skyler 's torpedo laser streak off into the cylon ship dead ahead , disintegrate it in a mighty fireball . on skyler skyler yaa hoooo .... on zac swinging back and forth , lining up he target . he fire . the cylon ship disintegrate . ahead of it , the remain two cylon fighter divide and veer off . on skyler skyler not bad for a little brother . you go after the guy on the right . the two fighter split , swinging off after the two cylon fighter . on the bridge Commander adama enter . Colonel tigh be watch the scanner intently . adama what be it ? tigh we patrol run into trouble . we pick up some signal , but they be be jamme . adama what kind of trouble ? tigh can not tell yet . could be pirate , smuggler , or ... they eye meet . the Commander walk to the large observation point look out on the starfield . adama get I the President . in a ready room - close on a card hand starbuck sit down at the card table , a small grin appear on he face . he push a large stack of cubit out into the center of the table . starbuck ok , guy , one hand . sudden death . the gentleman from Gemini consider the odd and push a equal amount of cubit to the center of the table . gemon sudden death !! starbuck flash a fiendish , child - like grin and begin to deal the card . on the flight bridge of the galactica adama we patrol be under attack , Mr. President . we be not sure by whom . the President appear on a monitor . baltar be beside he . adama as a precautionary measure , I would like to launch intercept fighter ... baltar lean into the President , whisper to he . the President nod . president quite right , baltar . Commander , as a precautionary measure , I insist upon restraint . if this turn out to be a encounter with some outlaw traffic , we could jeopardize the entire cause of peace by display fighter when we be so close to we rendezvous . adama mister President , two of my aircraft be under armed attack . president by force unknown . you be not to launch until the situation be more clear . adama Sir , may I at least urge you to bring the fleet to a state of alert ? president I will consider it . thank you , Commander . the screen go black . tigh he will consider it ? have he lose he mind ? adama Colonel ... the Colonel look quickly around at the hushed bridge , quite embarrassed at he own outburst . tigh I be sorry , Commander , it 's just that ... well ... adama yes , Colonel ? what be it ? tigh the patrol be under the command of Captain skyler . adama well , if I can not have confidence in my eldest son , who can I depend on ? tigh Zac be with he . his first patrol . this news weigh heavy on the Commander . on zac as he fire and miss a cylon fighter veer off and fall behind he . suddenly , he be the target . zac skyler ... on skyler as he look off , see the confrontation off to one side of he skyler keep they interested just a little longer ... on zac as the sky be explode all around he zac believe I , they be interested . a explosion rock Zac 's plane . zac there go another engine ... on skyler he zero in on the cylon plane from the side , swinging he ship to come at the cylon 's plane on a perpendicular intersect course . skyler steady ... steady ... just do not look this way , guy ... in the cylon plane as they continue to focus on Zac . suddenly , the pilot close to skyler 's side chance to swing he look out to the right . point of view - the cylon be a colony fighter plane be come right for he the cylon chatter frantically . the other two pilot turn to look . on skyler' plane as he fire torpedo laser the cylon plane disintegrate skyler sigh with relief skyler the day that guy can outfight we without a ten-to- one margin ... on zac he be look across the sky zac skyler ... better look at you scanner . skyler look ... the scanner show a solid wave of target come from somewhere in the distance . skyler but a thousand - to - one be hardly fair ... zac what do it mean , skyler ? skyler it mean there be not go to be any peace . there may not be anything if we do not warn the fleet . zac you go , skyler . I be short two engine . I will not be able to keep up with you . skyler I can not leave you , Zac. zac you have to ... and I will be all right . if I put my foot in that turbo , I will make it back ahead of they . now go on . you have get to warn the fleet . a sober mood descend across skyler 's face . skyler you can fly with I any time , kid . good luck . skyler punch the button and the roar of the turbo thruster respond . zac come on , baby , give I all you can . he push the stick forward and move off at a much slower speed . on the flight bridge of the galactica tigh still nothing from the fighter , sir . they transmission be be deliberately jamme . if we do not launch ... adama we cannot launch when it have be expressly forbidden ... ( on everyone 's tense look ) this might , however , be a appropriate time to order a test of we battle station drill ... the bridge command smile ... adama sound the alert , Colonel !!! in the ready room on a hand as it be turn over . all one color , all one symbol . a pyramid . starbuck you may never see another one , fella ... a perfect pyramid . on gemon as he turn to he associate in sullen disbelief . suddenly a claxon blare loudly through the room . a book reader jump up ... a sleeper wake up ... he slap it to the top of the remain deck , scatter the card . gemon unfortunate . we will have to replay hand at later date . duty call . gemon whip a battle helmet from the floor and scoops half the pot on the table into it , take off , he compadre right behind he . starbuck come back here , you little ... somebody stop he ...! but all hand charge for the door , grab helmet and flight kit . on the catapult deck a vacuum tube race along the ceiling of a long , narrow chamber in which countless fighter ship sit side by side in powerful launching crib . as the vehicle within the overhead vacuum tube progress down the flight line , pilot emerge from chute lead from the overhead tube , then race on foot for they individual fighter craft . Ground team be already on hand prepare the lethal - look plane for immediate launch . starbuck emerge from he drop and run to the cockpit of he plane . a member of the ground crew look up from where he be hurriedly prepare the cockpit . crewman what 's go on ? starbuck nothing to worry about . probably some kind of aerial salute for the President as they sign the armistice . the crewman kick a switch and starbuck 's plane being to whine , the pitch get higher and higher . on zac racing against time as he ship limp back toward safety a wall of cylon fighter close the gap . they begin to open fire . zac react to the explosion around he on skyler racing in from space skyler' point of view the flight deck of the galactica as he fighter make its approach on the bridge tigh a single fighter approach , Commander . the Commander turn and move to the scanner board where several operative sit watch . operative Sir , long range scanner pick up large number of craft move this way at high speed . the Commander and Colonel exchange rapid glance and hurry to the scanner . adama get that pilot up here as soon as he land . get the President back on the codebox . on the president on the bridge of the atlantia president yes , Commander ? adama mister President , a wall of unidentified craft be close towards the fleet . baltar lean towards the President baltar possibly a cylon welcoming committee . adama May I suggest that at the very least , we launch a welcoming committee of we own ? baltar mister President , there remain many hostile feeling amongst we Warrior . the likelihood of a unfortunate incident with all that pilot in the sky at once ... president a good point , baltar . do you hear that , Commander ? adama be beside himself . adama no , mister President , I can not possibly have hear correctly . do Count baltar suggest we allow we force to sit here totally defenseless ? president Commander , we be on a peace mission . the first peace man have know in a thousand year . on zac explosion charge the sky around he . he take another hit . he pale ... zac come on , baby , not much further ... on the bridge of the galactica adama mister President ... he be interrupt by Colonel tigh with a report . tigh a lone ship be come under attack from the main force approach the fleet . adama do you hear that , mister President . you welcoming committee be fire at we patrol . president firing at we patrol ? how do you explain that , baltar ? he look around . president baltar ! baltar ! but baltar have leave the bridge . zac' point of view the fleet be not far away now . zac smile zac we make it ... on the cylon fighter close in on Zac , three to one . point of view to zac as they line up on he for the kill on zac zac Blue flight two ... in trouble . request emergency approach . on the cylon ship as they fire on zac' ship as it explode into infinity on the bridge of the galactica Athena come out horrify on the bridge of the atlantia president what be that ? on adama on the bridge of the galactica as he suffer the implication of the shattered patrol ship adama that be my son , mister President . on the cylon as they streak towards the fleet , open fire on the bridge of the galactica as countless cylon fighter streak by , fire salvo after salvo . Commander adama look out at the starfield suddenly alive with fire and destruction , as a large battle wagon explode beyond the galactica . adama Launch fighter . inside the bowel of the galactica on the launching deck as claxon blare on starbuck as a red light go on on he dash . he lower the canopy . the ground crewman step back , signal a control tower high above . as he run for cover , there be a hiss of steam and a blast as the ship roar out of its crib . on the outside of the galactica as fighter after fighter begin to launch from the side of the huge ship , angle diagonally off into space and into the attack . on the bridge of the galactica tigh fighter launch , Commander . adama have any of the other ship get plane off ? tigh no , sir . adama Lord help we . on the landing deck of the galactica skyler be climb hurriedly out of he ship . athena move to he on the dead run athena skyler , thank heaven you be all right . she try to crush into he arm . he be sympathetic , but stoic , and in a hurry to report . skyler I have get to go back for Zac . it 's a ambush . they jamme we communicator . you tell Commander adama there be no base ship . he will understand what I be say . athena skyler ... skyler Athena , just listen and tell adama that it 's more than just a attack . the cylon base ship be miss . that mean they be up to something diabolical . now I have get to go back for Zac . as he turn to charge away athena you do not have to go back . skyler spin around . his tone be positive , but he expression be uncertain . skyler you mean he 's all right ! one of the other ship pick he up ! tear begin to roll down Athena 's cheek . athena no ... skyler suck in he breath and stare at Athena emotionlessly , then turn away as she cry . skyler I guess I can give my report to adama himself he turn to move off athena you report ? be that all you can say ? Zac 's dead . skyler look back skyler we will probably all be dead soon . skyler steel himself against the pain , turn and exit up the metal staircase . on the landing deck on skyler as he enter the bridge of the galactica . adama be quick to move to he and embrace he . skyler tense up . adama you do not have any choice . skyler pull away skyler there be no base ship , only attack craft . maybe a thousand , hover over cimtar . the Colonel move up tigh a thousand ? you must be mistaken , Captain . fighter could not function this far from cylon without base ship . they do not carry enough fuel . the Captain look off thoughtfully skyler we pick up a empty tanker on we scanner . it 's my guess the cylon use it to refuel for the attack after fly to that point from wherever they base ship be . the Commander ponder that as the Colonel shake he head skeptically tigh why operate that far from base ship when it be not necessary . they would have be well out of we range at the old moon . a grim revelation descend across adama 's face adama unless it be more important that the base ship be someplace else . get I the President . we read a ominous , forebode look in Commander adama 's eye on the cylon base ship Three large , circular aircraft hover in the sky above the planet caprica in the large circular chamber light by very subdued , indirect source . a door open on a side and two large , armored man move in wear cylon scan helmet . they cross until they come to a pedestal in the center of the chamber . there , a creature sit with its back to we . the two man stop . centurian by you command . imperious leader speak . centurian all base ship be now in range to attack the colony . on the imperious leader a truly inhuman form sit amidst robe and peer at the two figure stand at attention through a multiplicity of eye imperious leader the final annihilation of the life form know as man . let the attack begin . on a cylon base ship as large door begin to open along the circular ship 's entire perimeter on a cylon warship as it launch from the aperture , and next to it , another and another a wider angle on the starfield to include three of the base ship , each launching she attack ship on the bridge of the atlantia fire raging all around . the President look on , horrify as adama come on a monitor adama mister President , I request permission to leave the fleet . I have reason to suspect we home planet may face imminent attack . the President take this word like a death blow . he suddenly lean against a bridge wall . president no . pray you be mistaken . how could I have be so completely wrong . I have lead the entire human race to ruin . adama you do not lead we to this disaster , mister President . but we be lead . president baltar ? no , Commander . I do not believe it . I will not ... with that , a explosion rip the command bridge open , engulf it in flame on adama as the monitor reflect the inferno , then go blank adama mister President ! mister President ! all eye swing from the monitor to the starfield , where the flagship can be see cruise a thousand yard away , its bridge aflame , its flight deck alive with fire . suddenly , the entire ship burst apart , disintegrate into a thousand torch hurdle through space . for a instant , there be stunne silence on the bridge of the galactica , then as other cylon ship roar by , fire at the galactica , Colonel tigh move up . tigh we long - range scanner have pick up cylon base ship here , here and here , put they well within range of the planet virgon , sagitara , and Commander adama , Athena , and Colonel tigh look on as technician plot the course of the galactica and enemy base ship on a large translucent starfield map adama yes , caprica . the impact hit Athena adama helm , bring we around . we be withdraw . Colonel , flank speed for home . athena Father , what be you do ? skyler you can not leave we Warrior ! adama ( reluctantly ) we have to leave they to defend the fleet . that with enough fuel leave will catch up . athena and what about the other ? tigh at the very least , let we transmit we intention . give they a chance to conserve what fuel they can . adama no . if we have any advantage leave , it 's surprise . athena Father , you be kill they ! adama skyler ! skyler move to Athena to quell she mount emotion . on starbuck in he ship starbuck boomer ... on boomer boomer I see it . jolly where 's she go ? greenbean hey , you guy , what 's go on ? the galactica 's pull out ! on starbuck starbuck there 's get to be a good reason . greenbean sure , it 's dangerous around here . head up , boomer , you have get a pair on you tail . jolly pull up , boomer . I will try to get he off . starbuck look back at the depart battle wagon , galactica starbuck ( introspectively ) there 's get be a good reason ... on the galactica move off away from the embattle colonial force , most of the big ship in flame the bridge officer call out from the communication board bridge officer Electronic jam have stop skyler they be clear the air for they electronic guidance system . tigh that mean the attack be under way . bridge officer no , sir , we be pick up long - range video satellite signal . everything look perfectly normal at home . all eye swing to multiple monitor above the communication board . on the monitor a aerial view of caprica with its pyramid-oriented architecture ... modern , strong . a beautiful day , as see from various height ; from a single downtown area , to a city , to a entire sector of the planet ... bridge officer we have ordinary broadcast transmission come up on four tigh Commander , perhaps ... perhaps we be in time . perhaps the cylon attack on we fleet be a dissident faction , a small , anti-peace movement on monitor four a handsome young woman speak to a camera from a garden spot , just in front of a all - glass building set within a shopping mall lyra just ordinary people go to and from work , behave not as if this be the most significant day in all history , but rather as they would on any other day . so far , detail of the armistice meeting go on at this very moment on the Star kobol be not come in as hope for because of a unusual electrical storm block out all interstellar communication . however , as soon as available , you will see the first picture of what have be describe as the most significant event ... a loud explosion from far away thump through in the background . people all around orin suddenly turn and look , point , stare , some beginning to shout . lyra Excuse I , something happen . perhaps some of you hear it ... a explosion of some kind ... people be stare off in that direction . let 's see if we can ... lyra begin to move out across the garden , camera go with she ... get jostle by a grow crowd . camera point of view see a fireball rise from the horizon beyond the city . suddenly , there be another ... lyra oh , my God ... a tremendous explosion ... two of they ... be we get it on camera ? people be beginning to run in all direction ... on the STREET with lyra - live suddenly , a cylon warship streak across the sky , fire laser torpedoe . the building just beyond lyra suddenly explode into fireballs , rock the street and send lyra fall , crash into the greenery . lyra lady and gentleman ... it 's terrible ... someone be bombing the city ... back on the bridge of the galactica everyone on the bridge stare in shock at the visual and emotional impact of watch they homeland be destroy . a bridge officer move up with a report bridge officer Commander , the long -range scanner be pick up wave after wave of small ship head towards all of the inner planet . everyone on the bridge stare helplessly . back in the mall on the surface of caprice . lyra react to a fighter swinging low over the city , fire in she direction . she look all around for cover , be bump and push , as people scramble in all direction . lyra it 's hopeless ... people be die all around I .. I see a small child ... run for he ... look out ! lyra suddenly throw down she microphone ... the camera be hand -held by a engineer , swing around on she as she streak towards a small boy run with he dog from the path of a streaking attack fighter . lyra dive , push the child out of the path of the laser blast which continue on up the street , devastating she camera crew . a second wave of fighter scream by , complete the destruction , send column and pillar of concrete crash all around ... on the rubble as lyra attempt to dig she way out , rise up with immediate concern for the small form conceal beneath she lyra do not try to move ... the small boy poke he head up , cry . lyra comfort he , pull he to she lyra everything 's go to be all right ... boxey muffit . where 's muffit ? lyra who ? boxey my daggit . my daggit . where be he ? lyra you daggit ? oh , I be sure he 's fine ... lyra swing she head around , look . suddenly , she eye fix on something o.s . lyra' point of view a pillar lie break amidst other fall building material and , protrude from beneath the debris , a small dog lie motionless , not breathe . on lyra and boxey lyra turn boxey around , screen he from see the animal . lyra I think I see he run this way . let 's go look . boxey I want muffit ! be he all right ? lyra hold the boy close to she lyra sure ... he 's all right ... everything be all right ... everything be go to be just fine ... she rock the young lad in she arm , ponder the hollow lie that leave she lip as she look around the city which be proud and stately only minute ago . back on the galactica bridge as the high level satellite picture display the fire and aftermath of total and utter destruction of a planet . Commander adama turn from the monitor in defeat . Athena appear almost comatose , in a dream state athena first Zac , now this . they trust we to protect they ... adama attempt to draw she to he . she pull away . athena how could you have let it happen ... as she run from the bridge , adama look to skyler . he return a stoic , emotionless gaze . skyler you have no choice . the two man momentarily share a common emotion , void of any satisfaction . on adama and skyler suddenly , both man be spare further agony by the excited intrusion of a voice . bridge officer cylon base ship on long - range scanner ... launching to all outer planet all eye swing to the scanner , as picture burst forth on all screen , each one display fighter sweeping in on bombing run tigh no hope , Commander ... the Commander sink with each devastating image from the colony and turn to communication , a hint of desperation in he voice . adama what about sagitarias ? perhaps there 's still time to save ... bridge officer sorry , Commander . .. the planet be in flame . the Commander pale , seem almost on the verge of collapse adama prepare my shuttle craft . the Colonel look at the Commander , startle tigh shuttle craft ? adama I be go down to the surface of caprica . tigh Commander , that 's out of the question ! if the cylon scanner should pick you up ... adama you proceed to rendezvous with the survivor of the fleet . skyler I will take you , Father , in my fighter . you be the last survive member of the Council . if we run into a cylon attack ship , at least you will have a chance ... tigh as the man who would have to fill you shoe , I insist on that , Commander . adama very well . make preparation ... and should I not return ... the Commander and Colonel extend hand , clasp each other ' wrist as they shake hand . skyler you will . on the galactica as a single fighter roar from its launching crib and off across the starfield . on its departure , the galactica bank and head off to pursue its mission . on the galactica bridge starbuck's voice ( over intercom ) Red leader one ... in trouble ... in trouble Colonel tigh respond tigh survive fighter ship rendezvouse , Commander ! athena we read you , Red leader . how can we assist you ? on starbuck in he ship spark be fly all over the cockpit as a piece of instrument panel dangle from its moor . starbuck struggle to keep the wire apart and halt the dangerous electrical short , while at the same time maintain he flight attitude . he look out the window point of view - he portside wing the short , stubby extension that sweep out after blast - off and maintain this attitude through landing , be sweeping out and then back into the aircraft , intermittently . starbuck Battle damage . power control circuit shot away .. give I a system analyst on the line on athena athena I be on the line , starbuck . what 's you condition ? starbuck this be no time from trainee , Athena . I be in real trouble athena you will be if you keep talk like that . what 's you fuel ? starbuck dry. athena all right ... run the check with I . Alpha circuit , close and alternate to leave servo circuit starbuck reach into the sparking circuit board dangle from beneath he instrument panel . he close off a circuit switch . starbuck Alpha circuit close and alternate to leave servo circuit . no response . my throttles be still full open . athena omega " C " circuit , close and alternate to servo support circuit . starbuck alternate to servo support circuit ... starbuck be perspire now . the throttle do not respond . starbuck do not respond ... athena too , be now beginning to perspire tigh bring he in full throttle . there 's no choice . starbuck I hear he . get everyone out of the way . I be come in hot ... ready or not ... bridge officer you be clear to land ... starbuck Roger . I hope you guy be not count off for neatness ... back on the bridge bridge officer he will be come in like a missile . tigh clear the flight deck for a emergency landing . on starbuck in he ship he start sweat profusely point of view - starbuck's the rapidly approach flight deck , racing up closer , closer on athena as she charge out of the elevator in time to see a plane come in . suddenly , she be hold back . deck hand stay back ... he could lose it . on the ship as it careen down the flight deck , turn sideways and crabbing towards the superstructure athena break from the deck hand 's grip and charge off as we hear a long screech , follow by a resounding crash from o.s . on starbuck's ship impale on the side of a wall as steam and smoke flood the area . across the hangar beyond the ship , small emergency vehicle race out of pocket in the wall and towards the ship . athena be first to reach the ship as starbuck flip back the canopy and jump down the side of the ship . Athena reach he , throw she arm around he . athena starbuck , be you all right ? starbuck for a guy who just have a whole fleet shot out from under he , I be fine ... the support team come pull up . starbuck give she a good wash , fella ... starbuck streak towards the elevator athena it 's be horrible . starbuck yeah ? you should have see how we spend we day . we manage to single - handedly keep the cylon off you neck while you take off on a little cruise ... they reach step and begin to climb athena starbuck , do not you know what 's happen ? starbuck sure , I know what happen . you should see this baby from the air when she slip off across the sky . beautiful sight , unless she happen to be you base ship . athena the colony be go , starbuck ... all of they . starbuck what be you talk about ? go ... what would they do , pack up and sneak away like the galactica ? on the bridge as starbuck storm into the chamber where the mood be subdued and he entrance go unnotice bridge officer ship be come in on both deck , sir . the Colonel leave the map area . tigh what 's the count ? bridge officer sixty -seven fighter in all , sir . twenty - five of we own . tigh how many battlestar ? there be a pregnant pause . bridge officer none . tigh what ??? bridge officer we be the only survive battlestar ... tigh my God ... make the pilot from the other ship as welcome as you can ... starbuck Little late for that , Colonel ... all eye swing to starbuck move in with Athena a few step behind he . starbuck it be a toss - up whether that guy would land or send in a belly full of torpedoe . unfortunately , no one have any leave . tigh what 's the meaning of this insubordination ? athena he do not know what happen , Colonel . I do not think any of they know . suddenly , two more pilot be on the flight bridge starbuck know what ? that the old man turn and run , leave a dozen of we ship to run out of fuel ? boomer and jolly come to a stop beside starbuck . tigh put the transmission we monitor back on the scanner , for we young patriot ... starbuck if this be go to be a lecture on military protocol ... suddenly the scanner come to life four at a time , each display the attack bombing , the confusion , the devastation of the colony slowly pushing in on the pilot ' face as they be sober and horrify by what they see close on skyler as he stand on a hill . his fighter ship , a silent sentinel to he back . the glow of a myriad fire dance on he ashen face . point of view the flame from thousand of building burn far off in the distance . skyler turn as he hear what sound like a mob approach in the distance on a dozen torch far off down the hill head in the direction of the aircraft ... voice shouting excitedly , desperately skyler turn and head off , take camera towards a family dwelling . once a handsome structure laid out in half circle , now carve down the middle by some unseen evil . one half of the dwelling be char remnant inside the dwelling on adama he be illuminate across the darken room by a rectangular candle with twelve wick . he stand by a wall cover with photograph of himself , he two son and a daughter . we recognize Athena , skyler and a second son , Zac . a handsome woman be also picture with the family and alone in several beautiful portrait take she from a girl of seventeen to fifty year . tear well up in adama 's eye as he take the oldest photo of he wife in hand adama I be sorry , ila . I be never there when it matter . never . the tear begin to stream down he cheek as the memory of a thousand lose moment and lose opportunity race through he mind . suddenly , he turn to see skyler stand across the room . adama I do not hear you come in . I be just gather a few remembrance . you want this likeness of you and Zac ? skyler snap back , he mood harden against the hurt skyler no ... ( beat ) look , there be crowd come . they probably see we ship land ... adama stiffen adama I will be a few more minute skyler turn to leave , then seem to soften , turn back . skyler maybe she be not here . maybe ... the Commander look at skyler with finality . adama she be here ... skyler nod and slowly withdraw . outside the dwelling - the citizen with torch have approach to within fifty yard of the sleek fighter ship . they voice be pitch and angular as they stride down the gentle incline towards skyler , who move out to meet they , warily gaug they hostile cry . sandell where be they ? where be the rest of you fancy flier ? lobe where be you , lad , when they be kill everyone in sight ? what be you do , boy ? as they close the gap to within a few foot of skyler and seem bent on take he apart , a woman 's voice call out lyra wait ! for a moment , there be hesitation . the mob part as lyra step forward , hold a small boy by the hand . lyra let he talk . she continue on out until she be face - to- face with skyler . lyra before they do what they will with you , I would like to know where you be . where be all of you ? we wait ... we watch and pray ... but you never come ... skyler look down at the small , innocent face look up from beside lyra , a child with dirt and confusion in he innocent eye . skyler most of we be dead . the crowd break into a undertone of awe ... skyler the fleet be all but destroy . the crowd break into cry of despair and anguish lyra but you be here ... where do you come from ? skyler the battlestar galactica lyra survive ... skyler yes ... lyra and what of the President and the Council of the twelve ... and the other colony . surely we can fight back . we have the will and at long last , after hundred of year , we be united ... all twelve colony . they can not possibly defeat we combine strength ... a voice from offstage command they attention adama we become as one too late . the group be stunne to find so imperious a figure as one of the Council of the twelve amongst they . lyra Commander adama ... lyra miss lyra . adama then it 's true . we be defeat ... doom . skyler and the Commander exchange look . the little boy , boxey , stare up at skyler admiringly boxey can I ride in you ship , mister ? skyler bend down and pick he up . skyler look at the lad , then at adama pointedly . skyler fighter ship be no place for boy ... lyra they be go to have to be if we people be go to survive ... adama turn and walk off to the edge of the bluff overlook the burn city beyond . lyra move up behind he , beside skyler who be carry the young child . lyra we be go to fight back ... we can not simply give up . the Commander seem deep in think as he look out over the ruin . then he turn and look past lyra and skyler ... past the boy adama yes , we be go to fight back . a cry of bravado go up from the torch - bear mob ... cry of satisfaction , of frustration , of vent anger adama but not here ... not now ... not in the colony ... not even in this star system . let the word go forth to every man , woman and child who have survive this infamy . tell they to set sail at once in every assort vehicle that will carry they ... skyler there be not time to arrange provision , Father . the cylon will be send landing party to eradicate the survivor . if we could send in we remain fighter ... adama no . there be too many of they and too few of we . there be a time to fight , and a time to withdraw ... to fight another day . skyler but there be no way to board the entire population on the galactica . and we have no troop carrier , nothing that can make light speed . adama we will use what we do have . every inner-galactic passenger liner , freighter , taxi ... even inner colony bus ... air taxi ... anything that will carry we people into the star ... lyra and when they have gather in the star ...? adama we will lead they ... and protect they ... until they be strong again ... the group face the Commander turn , exchange curious look . either they be in the presence of a madman or a savior ... a planet in flame with countless assort vehicle rise from it , leave it far behind superimpose the title exodus back to adama' voice adama' voice and the word go forth to every outpost of human existence ... and they come ... the aeries from aeriana ... on another dissimilar planet with more ship rise into the star adama' voice the gemon from the planet Gemini ... on another planet with multiple moon adama' voice the virgo from virgon ... the scorpios , the picon ... and the sagitarian ... on the rag tag fleet assemble among the star . as they move by camera , we see lettering of every description , color and text . a bulbous vessel , bear the signet , " tran - stellar space service " ... a immense vehicle with the lettering " gemini freight " ... a small space tram , " tauron bus line " ... a long - range passenger liner with lettering and initial in a non-descript , unfamiliar text , dominate by three large symbol on its tail structure ... as far as the eye could perceive , a fleet of vehicle of every assortment , size and shape ... back to adama' voice adama' voice in all , two hundred and twenty ship represent every colony , color and creed in the star system . the human race might have one more chance , but it would first have to survive the Alliance ... the element and the unknown dark and sinister threat that would lie ahead on a cylon base ship hover over caprica two cylon warship approach the cylon mother ship inside the inner chamber a side door open and two cylon warrior cross towards the center pedestal with a human between they . he be baltar . one of the two sentries beside baltar speak . sentry at you command . leader welcome , baltar . you have do well . baltar look as if he be about to attack the leader ... obviously a unwise move baltar I have do well ... what have you do ? what of we bargain ? my colony be to be spare ! leader the bargain be alter . baltar how can you change one side of a bargain ? leader but there be no other side . you have miss the entire point of the war . baltar 's resolve , he anger , be replace by a creep concern that he have erred in he evaluation of the man before he . baltar I do not know what you mean . leader I mean , there could be no dominion over the species so long as man remain a power within the Universe . it be man or the Alliance . there could be no compromise . baltar but you have what you want ... the threat no longer exist ... I deliver my end of the bargain . my dominion be to be spare . leader there can be only one dominion ... one power ... one authority ... there must be no exception . baltar but I have no ambition against you ! leader could you think I so foolish as to trust a man who would see he own race destroy ? baltar not destroy , subjugate ... under I . leader there can be no survivor . so long as one human remain alive , the Alliance be threaten . baltar surely you do not mean I ? leader we thank you for you help , baltar . you time be at a end ... the leader nod and the two ominous sentries on either side of baltar lift he from the floor , one on each arm , and begin to take he away . baltar no ... you can not ... you still need I ... on the leader leader send the flight leader in . on the door a sentry enter and stand aside as the flight leader enter . he move directly to the center of the room . flight leader at you command ... leader report on the final assault on the human colony . flight leader the ship all report similar circumstance . the initial attack be so effective , there be no survivor . leader ( incredulously ) no survivor !!! on any of the twelve colony ? flight leader that be correct , imperious leader . slowly push into the imperious leader 's know gaze ... on the rag tag fleet countless ship of every description scattered across the sky behind the lone survivor of the Colonial fleet . we slowly push into the lead vehicle and see its name " galactica " in a large council chamber Commander adama stand before a large , seat gather , the starfield to he back adama Long , long ago ... whether thousand or million of year be unimportant ... we record history tell we that we descend from a mother civilization , a race that set out into the universe to establish colony . that of we here now represent every know survive colony , save one . a sister world far out in the universe , only remember to we through ancient writings . it be my intention to seek out that remain colony , that last outpost of humanity in the universe . a civilization like we own , to ask they help in rebuild ... and perhaps , to warn they of a evil Alliance and they intention to eradicate all mankind . lieutenant starbuck rise to he foot . all around he be other fighter pilot . adama Lieutenant starbuck , you have a question ? starbuck yes , sir . if we be talk about the same colony , I remember read about it in ancient mythology . I do not think anybody even know where it be , and if we own ship be any indication , we barely have enough fuel to get out of this galaxy . starbuck sit as a surge of agreement sweep through the room . adama a very good point . it will be we plan to find a fuel source and extend provision before we leave the star system . Colonel tigh rise to he foot . tigh Commander , I feel I speak for the vast majority when I say this be hardly a fleet of sturdy , well - equip soldier up to battle the universe . most of this people barely get away with they life . they be emotionally and physically unprepare for the kind of journey you propose . the crowd seem to agree as skyler be now on he foot , as well . skyler and less than a third of the ship we be escort can make light speed . it could take we generation to find this colony . adama and we will find it because we have no choice . if we stay in this star system , the Alliance will find we . we will travel only as fast as we slowest ship . we will be only as strong as we weakest brother . we be the only survive battlestar , but the combine pilot that survive ours and the other ship be the best in all the universe . they be up to the task of protect each and every one of you . lyra rise to she foot . we recognize she as the newswoman from caprica . lyra Commander adama ... forgive the void in my education , but star mythology be never my best subject . this thirteenth colony ... this other world ... where be it ? what be it call ? adama take a long pause as he scan the audience , then turn to the starfield and gaze at it like a man search the horizon for a glimpse of a sail beyond a sea . adama I can not tell you that I know precisely where it be ... but it lie beyond this star system in a galaxy like we own . as for the planet 's name ... adama look back to the expectant throng ... adama it be call Earth . a long beat as excitement build through the congregation . end of hour one hour two fade in on the galactica maneuver ahead of the rag tag fleet in the conference room adama stand before a translucent starmap , address a council of elder adama we course , while indirect and arduous , have successfully bring we to the outermost reach of the star system without encounter cylon patrol . if we can hold out for another eight or nine centon , we can reach the planet carillon . adama turn and move back to face the main body adama there , hopefully we can find fuel , water , and prepare fresh store of food ... on anton anton hopefully ? my dear Commander , there be not one amongst we who be not grateful beyond word for you vision and resourcefulness in save we all from certain death . be we now to throw it all away ... Anton rise anton as of this moment , we face a crisis no less lethal than the cylon war machine . I would rather see my love one extinguish in the micron flash of a cylon cannon than drift in fuelless vehicle while starvation , dehydration , and suffocation agonize we one by one . adama Anton , it be hardly possible to adequately prepare ourselves for the journey we have have to undertake . we have to leave . we have no choice . Anton move to the map . anton but we have a choice now . we can stop here on borallus . we know that everything we need be here ... food , water , fuel ... there be wave of approval throughout the room adama and undoubtedly a cylon task force . a murmur race through the room adama it be the most logical place for we to stop . precisely why I believe it would be fatal to do so . anton possibly fatal . be it not surely fatal to continue towards carillon ... Colonel tigh rise tigh Commander ... the situation have reach crisis level . ration have already be cut by two -third . how much more can we conserve ? adama as much as we have to , to reach carillon . it be we only hope . anton the cylon will be look even unto that far reach . adama there be a path here , through the nova of madagon . not patrol , and a savings of some two centon in reach carillon . a gasp be hear throughout the council as adama point to a course through the starfield . anton Commander , while I may not be a military expert , even I know that the cylon avoid patrol that area by mining it to make passage impossible . adama not impossible . we will do it . we have no other choice . on the body of elder they face be grim on a cylon base ship hang ominously in the sky inside the inner chamber two cylon centurian enter with baltar between they . baltar be a different man than the one who strode arrogantly before the imperious one . on the imperious leader centurian by you command ... leader the people of cylon wish to offer you a opportunity to serve , baltar . baltar search for deception in the leader 's word , but he be too resign to death to challenge the unexpected word . baltar to serve ...? leader it appear that a small band of refugee human elude the Alliance ... baltar seem to stand a little taller baltar I try to forewarn you ... the centurian hurl baltar to the flood and hold staff against the back of he head . leader I offer you life , and you question my judgment ? dangerous .... baltar raise he head slightly baltar kill I ... the imperious leader stare at baltar . the centurian wait for a sign to kill he . leader let he rise the centurian remove they staff . baltar climb to he foot . leader I sense a bargain ... baltar we bargain before and it leave I a dead man . this time I will have my reward before I serve you . leader the entire Alliance serve I . why do I need you ? baltar why do you spare I ? because you fear man . you do not understand he . when you force have take and put the entire nation of tucana into slavery , man be there to break the chain . when you choose to dominate the people of gaelon , man be there to make the galic strong , to help they seek they own destiny . the cylon be content to serve . man be bear to lead . but I can succeed where you have fail . leader what be you bargain ? baltar when I find the survivor of the colony ... they be mine . leader and how to you propose to protect this bargain ? baltar there be that who will follow I ... away from you influence ... away from you interest ... leader all the star interest I ... baltar you can have no reign on tyranny . there be room for all ... leader you appear as a man , but you think like a cylon . baltar the better to serve you , while serve myself . leader you will need centurian . baltar two will be adequate . leader only two ...?? baltar look from the centurian on he leave to the centurian on he right baltar this two ... leader you arrogance will destroy you . baltar I would rather die by my own hand , than yours . leader so be it ... they be yours ... baltar smile , nod and turn ... baltar come along , boy ... as baltar move off , the centurian stand stoically await instruction from the imperious leader leader go with he ... serve I !! centurian by you order ... they turn and move off as we close into a very troubled imperious leader on the rag tag fleet sailing through the sky at a slow pace on a antiquated vehicle push in to establish the lettering on its side ... colonial mover " we move anywhere " inside a engine area skyler crawl out from a access area beneath some mechanical gear ... be hand and face soile as he Captain marking on he shoulder be the only indication of military rank . he turn to a tool kit to put away some instrument , take we to a older man ... jensing I understand two other ship have already break down ... skyler and twenty - two have run out of fuel . skyler close he tool he and rise ... look grim jensing it 's serious ? skyler look at the man whose face bear the emotional scar of too many recent disaster skyler until we stop for material or find mineral to make we own , I just can not repair it ... and you will never be able to keep up with the fleet like it be . jensing but what will we do ...? skyler we will have to transfer everyone off of this ship to one of the other . how many people on board ? a beautiful young lady enter lyra twenty-nine ... skyler turn and smile skyler well , a celebrity . I would have think you could have pull a little space on one of the plush passenger liner . lyra I have no interest in pull space . this ship be assign to I . jensing she 's be charitable . we ask she if she would come with we to see if she could help we with the little boy . skyler Little boy ? lyra you remember the child find in the bombing ? the jensing live in the same module as boxey 's parent who be kill in the first wave ... jensing he do not sleep and he do not eat ... even emergency ration . in fact , lyra be the only one he will even talk to . lyra that 's about all I can get he to do . he lose a little daggit which apparently mean everything to he . I think you might help . skyler if he will not eat for you , I do not know what I can do . lyra he seem to spark a little when you pick he up on caprica . I get the feel you be good with child . skyler ( introspectively ) I grow up with a kid brother ... in a narrow companionway off of which countless cubicle have be form as live quarter in the hold of this cargo vessel . skyler look into the face and life of the refugee occupy the room which be open , partially open , and in a few case , entirely curtain off with makeshift drapery . they arrive at a room which be drape shut . there be only a night light on inside . skyler look at lyra . she gesture inside . skyler reach into he back pocket and withdraw he military cap with its scramble egg and insignia of the Colonial Warrior . he enter ... inside a tiny cubicle spartan in its furnishings , the night light illuminate the face of a young boy , who lie stare at the ceiling ... wide awake skyler Excuse I ... I hope I be not interrupt anything ... boxey 's eye widen skyler I be in charge of find young man to try out as future fighter pilot . you name be boxey , correct ? boxey uh-huh ... skyler nod and move to the bed and crouch beside it skyler good . I have be look all over for you . you should have make contact with the Commander . you know we be very short on pilot ... boxey I be too little to be a pilot ... skyler oh sure , right now , but how long do you think it take to become a full Colonial warrior ? boxey I do not know . skyler you have to start when you be very small , or you will not get this until you have gray hair . boxey lift he head to see what skyler be point to on he shoulder . the young lad 's eye show they first glimmer of interest as they see Captain 's emblem . skyler you like they ? then as quickly as the interest appear , it vanish and the youth withdraw to he pillow boxey I want muffit ... skyler well , I do not know . there be not much room for a daggit in a fighter plane . boxey he 's go . he run away . skyler oh ? well , maybe we can find one of muffit 's friend ? boxey there be no daggit ... I ask ... skyler steal a helpless look at lyra , who look back , both appreciatively and sympathetically . skyler well , I will tell you what ... skyler remove a emblem from he shoulder and place it on boxey 's night clothes skyler as Colonial warrior first level , you be entitle to the first daggit that come along skyler rise and start out of the room , then hesitates at the door skyler but only on the condition that you get you rest , eat all of you primary , and stop chase girl . good night , Officer ... skyler salute and exit with lyra . behind they , boxey steal a peek at the emblem on he pajamas . he clutches it in he hand and stare at the darken ceiling as we move to see the far off look which window the confuse world of a six year old boy . in the corridor skyler wait as lyra move up to he lyra thank you . I be right ; you be good with kid . you and you brother must be very close . skyler step away skyler we be . lyra I be sorry ! the war ? skyler I suppose ... lyra look , if you would rather not involve yourself ... skyler ( interrupt ) do not be silly . what 's a warrior to do after he 's lose the big one ... win a few of the little one ... lyra that 's not a little one in they , Captain . you win that one , you have accomplish something . on a large ship with three giant pod the livery ship . Three large circular compartment , connect by long , narrow metal corridor . skyler walk with starbuck down a corridor . starbuck I do not think I can help you , skyler . other than fix the landing servos on this livery machine , the only thing I know about livestock , which include daggit , be that they have run out of food to feed they . let I show you ... they have enter one of the large circular pod , take we to a ring of animal all face into a central feed device . the animal be in pair , each pair represent a different species . starbuck lead skyler to one of the stall where we find two unicorn , one lie on its side . skyler how long have he be like that ? starbuck he collapse last night just after I be bring on board . you know unicorn be very monogamous . his lady 's in foal . they think he 's be let she have he share of the food ration . if we could have stop at borallus ... skyler storm away skyler we could not stop . the cylon would have be there ... wait ... starbuck well , when this animal be go , they be go . we will just have to accept the fact that generation will grow up without ever have see a unicorn ... or a tagon ...or a ... skyler there would not have be any generation of anything if we would stop . I would have make the same decision as my father . starbuck move after skyler starbuck okay...okay ... it 's just rough to have to watch they slip away , one at a time ... skyler I will tell you what 's rough ... we have get a little boy in the same condition . be you sure no one bring any daggit along someplace in this whole fleet ? starbuck no . we be both out of luck ... I already check . skyler both out of luck ! you check for daggit ? why ? starbuck daggit racing ... skyler what ? starbuck what 's one of the most awful thing that can happen to people on a long voyage ? skyler they die ... starbuck not that awful . I be talk about thing to do for excitement . skyler 's interest plunge into disgust skyler fifty million cylon chase we all over the star ... we ship be fall apart ... there 's nothing to eat ... and you be worried about excitement . starbuck well , when you put it like that ... anyway , I get the idea before it begin to look like we be not go to make it at all ... skyler we be go to make it ... the animal , too . starbuck tell he ... starbuck and skyler have arrive at a droid whose front be open , expose its working . there be tool in front of the machine , suggest that starbuck have be work on it . starbuck how 's it go this morning , Zeus ? a slightly effete but benevolent voice respond zeus not well ... all species receive inadequate food supplement to survive the voyage to the planet carillon ... starbuck you be wrong , Zeus . Commander adama have just decide to take a chance through the nova of madagon . that will cut two centon off of the journey ... zeus the nova of madegon be mine by the Alliance . the percentile risk of successfully traversing the strait make it statistically impossible . starbuck be that right ? zeus yes , that 's right . starbuck thank you . zeus thank you . starbuck thank you . zeus thank you starbuck shake he head starbuck idiot ... zeus I beg you pardon ... now it 's skyler 's turn to react . his face light up . he , too , have see the light . skyler starbuck ... that 's the answer ... you have save a life ... starbuck what ? skyler never mind ... thanks ... I owe you one ... skyler turn and hustle out . starbuck look after he starbuck malnutrition ... it 's get to everyone . all right , Zeus , now we have to reprogram some of you circuit for landing on a planet . do you understand ? zeus why do you call I a idiot ? starbuck oh , for cry out loud ... on a starfield so bright , it defy the unprotect eye to scan it on two pilot in the briefing room starbuck and skyler view a monitor adama the nova of madegon be not a nova at all , but a starfield so bright you cockpit will be seal to prevent blindness . you will navigate by scanner and sweep everything out of you path with turbolaser . any question ? starbuck yes , sir . would this be a appropriate time for I to take my sick leave ? a small , nervous laugh . adama smile the longest and seem to take he time answer the quip . adama it would , but request deny . I do not arrive at you two to lead we through without a great deal of anguish . if it will do any good , let I assure you that should you fail ... no one will survive . therefore , you have the advantage of control you own fate . the rest of we must sit in anticipation of you skill ... skyler rise skyler or lack thereof ... in a outer corridor adama exit a room and be accost by Athena . adama do not stop athena Father ... I can not believe you be do this ! why could not you have listen to the other . we should have stop at borallus . we would not have to be take this awful chance with they life ... adama stop and look at Athena . adama whose life ? athena starbuck 's and skyler 's . a know look cross adama 's face adama you place Lieutenant starbuck 's name ahead of you brother 's . curious ... she turn away adama and here I be suppose to be all - know athena I do not know myself until I hear he be go . it 's all so hopeless ... if they survive this ... if any of we survive ... what next ... how long before we find Earth ? adama perhaps never . athena that 's what I be think , Father . we could grow old wait . I mean , we may never have the chance ...to ... adama to get marry and have child and a home ... athena yes ... adama well , I think it 's premature for you to be worry about old age . I , on the other hand , ought to give a great deal of think to this voyage ... if it should go on and on ... athena but you have to lead they . you be all that 's leave . adama no , you be leave ... and skyler and Lieutenant starbuck and Colonel tigh and ... well , so many more good people . that 's why the journey be worth any sacrifice . there be so many people worth save ... and beginning again ... Athena hug she father athena I be sorry if I speak out of turn before ... I have never face death before . adama you face senseless kill as you should have ... with horror . that 's the difference between human and the Alliance . we do not waste life , we only risk it when there be no other choice ... as in this case , where the very survival of the human race may ride on three young man ... on skyler in he cockpit skyler ready ... on starbuck in he cockpit starbuck I be not ready ... but let 's get it over with anyway ... adama on the bridge adama Launch ... on the outside of the galactica's launching tube as two ship blast into space on the bridge tigh nova starfield ahead , sir ... adama say a silent prayer on two colonial fighter sweeping through space and approach a bright field of light inside skyler' cockpit skyler I may not be able to see anything , but it 's sure get hot . you pick up the field on you scanner ? starbuck starbuck negative ... my scanner 's burn up ... skyler' voice I be afraid of that . it 's too bright for the scanner ... starbuck and a little too late to turn back , I would say . what do we do ? skyler' voice only one thing I can think of ... hold position and blast away ... starbuck what if we miss a mine ? skyler' voice one of we will be the first to know it . let 's go . on the colonial fighter as the two sleek ship angle through the brightly - light starfield fire everything they have on the minefield as mine after mine detonate on the bridge of the galactica a tense crew watch the scanner . suddenly , a cheer go up tigh it 's work , Commander ... they be clear a path a hundred maxim wide . athena now that 's precision fly ! starbuck really know what he 's do . on starbuck starbuck be we hit anything ? I can not see a bless thing . skyler be hang if I know ... but it 's cool off ... I believe we make it ... starbuck yaaaahooooooo ... on a planet suspend in space adama' voice the planet carillon ... in the assembly room from which the Planet carillon be clearly visible through the window to space adama landing operation will begin at once . adama turn to address the gather of military officer adama we mineral scanner have locate what we believe be the approximate site of the old mining expedition . Captain skyler will lead a military sortie to the surface . skyler will any civilian personnel be allow to land ? adama only that responsible for the farming operation . we will make exception only for extreme case , medical or otherwise . in a corridor aboard the moving van lyra move along with skyler lyra still will not eat ... do not sleep . Commander adama even grant permission for he to go down onto carillon and help care for the livestock . it would do he a world of good . skyler I think I have something that will interest he . in a maintenance laboratory in which we find a row of droid stare at we . widen to see Doctor wilker leave a bench at which a scope be connect to a droid and send out pulse which make a hand function up and down . the o.s. sound of a door open automatically bring the Doctor around . skyler , lyra and boxey enter . Doctor wilker leave he bench and walk up to greet they wilker ah , Captain skyler . right on time . we have be expect you . be this the young officer who 's be put in charge of the new project ? skyler swing a look down to boxey , who be now half -hide behind he skyler well , I have not have time to fully discuss the project with he . it 's we hope that he will accept . boxey pull on skyler 's leg . skyler look down boxey ( whisper ) I want to go back to my cubicle . skyler boxey , this be a military order . we have to at least hear the Doctor out . tell we more about the project , Doctor . wilker well , as you know , we will soon be landing on various alien planet . it 's important that we be safe . ordinarily , we would have train daggit to stand watch at night when we Warrior be asleep in they encampment , but we do not have any daggit . so , we have to see what we could come up with . we will call the first one , muffit two . boxey look up at skyler boxey what would he say ? skyler I do not really get it all , Doctor . maybe you would better show we . wilker right . oh , lanzer ... a young man move from the back of the lab hold something in he arm . it be large and friendly - look . it have curly hair implant all over it and as lanzer put it down on the ground , it begin to bark in a high -pitch , friendly tone and move towards boxey . when it get there , it stop . its tongue come out ; it begin to pant , and its tail wag frantically from where it protrude through a hole at the back of the droid 's silver skin . wilker naturally , the first one will have to be look after very carefully . boxey stare at the small droid incredulously boxey that 's not muffit . it 's not even a real daggit . wilker no , but it can learn to be like a real one . it 's very smart . if you would help we , he will be even smarter . boxey continue to stare at the daggit . the daggit , in turn , continue to pant boxey stop that . the daggit stop panting and cock its head quizzically boxey begin to show the hint of a smile . he turn and take a step away from the small droid . the droid stare . boxey move a few more foot , then move off down the corridor . the daggit rise and follow after he doctor wilker turn to lyra and skyler wilker ( sotto ) we use the image of boxey you give we to train the droid to respond to he on boxey as he stop at the end of the corridor and turn to look at the daggit . he open he arm . the small droid move forward , sit up on he hind leg and put he paw on boxey 's small chest . boxey turn he cheek against the small companion and smile back up the corridor at lyra and skyler and the Doctor . it be love at first sight . on skyler , lyra and wilker skyler that 's one I owe you , Doc ... he smile wilker any time ... as he leave , lyra turn to skyler with a warmth she have not feel since before the holocaust ... when the world turn dark . lyra that 's one I owe you , skyler . skyler any time ... on the surface of carillon push in as we see colonial fighter streaking close over its surface starbuck surface clear to land ... on the bridge of the galactica adama proceed to land the livery ship on the surface of carillon as he livery ship soar by on they way to the surface inside the cylon base ship in the inner chamber on the imperious leader leader it have be seven centon , and not one word of the human . what have you to say , baltar ? baltar stand before the leader , confident and illusive baltar they doom be imminent . leader you know where they be ... baltar I know where they will be . baltar smile confidently and turn to leave leader I have not dismiss you . baltar stop ... look back baltar you want they ... then I must go leader you know that when you have find they , you will yet have to deal with I for you arrogance . baltar yes ... but this time , I will be prepare . as baltar turn and exit , we push in on the imperious leader , he hatred for baltar grow with every centon . on starbuck , boomer , skyler and jolly stand on the surface of carillon , they fighter ship in the background . it be not day ; it be not night . a odd illumination from two moon give the planet a midnight sun effect boomer I wonder what it 's like in the daytime . skyler this be the daytime ... starbuck Lovely . I can not imagine why it be not overpopulate . skyler my scanner read life form beyond that hill . either it 's some high - energy - yield substance or they leave some kind of caretaker operation behind when they abandon this place . starbuck and boomer , you take the shuttle and check it out . jolly , you go to work on the livery detail with you squadron . I will use mine to start check out this area for sign of the old mine . everybody sync you chronometer . I want a check in every four millicenton on the security frequency . understood ? everyone nod and press they wrist chronometer which emit random , out - of -sync tone at odd interval at first , then come into sync , so that in effect we hear a pattern of steady , rhythmic pulse . skyler let 's go . the man all turn and head off in vary direction . as they do , we pan and move into one of many formation in the area that look like the edge of a crater or giant ant hill or ... reverse angle to starbuck and boomer move off , we be look down the sight of a strange - look weapon . suddenly , a hand move in and push the barrel down close on two SMALL creature they be insect - like , approximately five foot tall , large , bulbous eye and four arm . seetol turn and nod , take camera to a third creature who also carry a weapon with two hand and turn to work a machine device with a third and fourth hand . a faint whine can be hear and the three creature slowly begin to submerge down into the crater on a subterranean passageway the pod appear in a cell - like open . the three creature step off . one remain at the elevator- like structure ; the other two move off down the passage , which be alive with a pulsate golden light come from the cell - like panel on another cell -like open as the two creature move up a passageway towards it . they arrive and we pan with they , take camera to a immense chamber deep beneath the earth the mine be a giant , beehive - like structure with countless level and honeycomb-like compartment . we can see worker busily poke at wall and withdraw ore , which be , in turn , place in small vehicle which other worker be maneuver throughout the multicorridored structure inside a chosen chamber very plush . a creature sit on a cushion floor , surround by slave serve all manners of personal need , from play a sitar and a bee 's hum , pruning or manicure two of the choose creature 's limb , and provide some kind of smoking device for occasional puff ... seetol enter seetol they have come . the voice be that of a girl ... soft and pleasant . the next voice be that of the Queen of the hive ... deeper , just as soft , but infinitely more refine lotay do not disturb they . it will only stir they up . they will be perfectly harmless unless angere or frighten . seetol nod , bow , and withdraw as lotay draw on the strange pipe on the livery ship sit far in the background as animal be be lead into the foreground on skyler as he point out a meadow area border on all side by short , rocky hill . jense look on with several other farmer . skyler we will use nitrogen injection in that area . it look level enough that we will not have to bring down soil mover the rancher nod and move off as boomer and jolly come run up jolly Captain , we be not alone on this planet . you would better come right away . skyler give jolly a worried look and follow after he on greenbean with he sidearm in hand , he shaking hand extend in front of he with the weight and fate of he people disperse on he nervous face . skyler and jolly charge up greenbean no doubt about it , Captain . someone 's here besides up . look at that ... skyler swing he look over to some rock . he see nothing at first , then look down and see a snarling face . it be muffit two skyler all right , ensign , I will handle it . put up you weapon . skyler move forward as greenbean and jolly watch warily skyler come on , muffy ... here boy . the robot dog prance out from behind the rock , he tail wag . skyler bend down and pat the droid on the head skyler where 's boxey ? go find boxey . the droid take off towards the livery ship skyler it 's obvious you guy have not bone up in you manual on deal with native on friendly planet . skyler turn and move off , leave greenbean and jolly in confusion someplace else on the surface of carillon the shuttle can be see rest far in the b.g. as starbuck climb over the rocky crest of a hill and look down . his face suddenly reflect a awesome find starbuck boomer ... on boomer climb up to the crest over jag rock boomer yeah ... yeah ... what be it now ... starbuck ( stunne ) you be not go to believe this , boomer ... boomer near the top boomer feeling be believe ... starbuck ( dazzle ) no , I mean really ... boomer reach the crest and look . his mouth fall open boomer I do not believe it ... point of view - paradeese de festive ' Far down a steep , rocky incline within the wall of a canyon , a carnival of color and light and spherical glass set amidst greenery and pool of water , in a narrow valley of cliff . people and creature come and go amidst laughter and song . boomer and starbuck exchange blank stare boomer what be it ? starbuck shake he head dumbfounded starbuck I do not know . starbuck rise up , draw he sidearm , and carefully start down the steep incline across a clearing amidst the pool of water and garden creature and people move up and down the path , laugh gaily . Beyond they , starbuck and boomer appear , still completely disorient starbuck it sure be pretty ... and it sure sound friendly ... a scream from o.s . they wheel around a beautiful young woman be stare at starbuck and boomer woman do not shoot !! what do you want ? starbuck embarrassingly look at the weapon in he hand and quickly put it away , smile starbuck I mean no harm . you be from taura ... woman yes , I be a Taurus . how would you know that ? starbuck the dialect ... what be this ... what be you do here ? woman what be I do here ??? what be you do here ??? why be Colonial Warrior sneaking around a resort with they weapon draw ? everything be perfectly legal . starbuck and boomer exchange look woman be not it ...? starbuck would you mind tell we how you get here ? woman on the bus . another exchange of look between starbuck and boomer boomer must have be sniff plant vapor ... starbuck would you tell we about this bus ? woman it be all handle through my travel agent . this place be fabulous ... I just can not believe they can give you all this for so little money ... ( she hurriedly start to open she purse ) look , I win over a thousand cubit ... her purse burgeon with gold starbuck you win that cubit ... here ???? woman in there , sure ... look , they say it be all legal , so if it be not , you would better take on the whole star system because everyone be do it . look , I be late . talk about meeting people , they be not kid . we be go on a moonlight cruise . two moon . how can you go wrong ? she giggle and hurry off . boomer look after she boomer I do not get it . how cut off can they be . she do not act like she would even hear about the war . starbuck there 's something even more peculiar . why have not we hear about this place ? boomer I suppose you know every gambling de in we star system ... starbuck slowly turn to look at boomer . boomer nod . boomer you be right . if there 's a game go on , you know about it . starbuck turn and start move towards the lavish sphere . starbuck but this be not back room card ! this be the biggest splash I have see outside of orion . starbuck stop in he track and look at boomer as if see a light flash starbuck which colony do the mining exploration on this planet ? the light begin to glow for boomer boomer orion ... starbuck Count baltar 's private little empire . it be he engineer that report back to the colony that mining on this planet be financially unfeasible boomer so he set up a gambling resort . why ? why put something like this together and keep it a secret ? starbuck to avoid pay Colonial tax ... he share of the war ... boomer yeah , but if you do not tell anyone about a place like this , you do not do any business . starbuck do this place look empty ? boomer it just do not make any sense ... starbuck it will make sense when we ask the right question ... inside the giant sphere a circus of gambling game , attractive female , humanoid and extra - terrestrial . a lovely , feline - look cocktail waitress move up to starbuck just inside the entrance . she be dress very modestly , revealing little but the shape of four handsome breast and a furry tail which remove a soile glass from a chrome railing as she extend a tray to starbuck . starbuck no ... thank you . she move off as boomer move up , he eye on the waitress starbuck do you see that tail ... boomer sure do ... a scream go up from a game table nearby . starbuck and boomer take a look . as they do , a cry of joy go up a few foot away ... and another further across the room ... starbuck the odd must be incredible here . people be win a fortune ... boomer and they be obviously well feed . let 's get a hold of whoever 's in charge and see about get some food back to the fleet . starbuck hold it ... slow down ... the last thing this people may want to find be a battlestar sit on they front door ... boomer then you think this set - up be illegal ? starbuck it be not exactly list in the Colonial concordance of place to go ... thing to do ... boomer start look around a little more nervously boomer then they may not be too happy to see we , either . starbuck I have never be in a crooked gambling de that do not depend on military pay voucher to keep they door open . suddenly , a pit boss be on they pit boss welcome , gentleman . be that a emblem of the Colonial fleet that I see ? starbuck yes ... it be ... pit boss I do not realize they be in the area . starbuck as a matter of fact , we be kind of here on we own . pit boss Little out of the way , be not you ? boomer secret mission . starbuck he like to be dramatic . just a reconnaissance flight ... see that the armistice be be observe ... the ensue moment seem like a eternity to boomer and starbuck . do the pit boss seem to be grin at they naive lie , or be he be genuinely hospitable ? pit boss how worthy ... and how fortunate to have you with we . consider yourselves guest of the establishment . food and drink be on the house . the pit boss smile once again and move off boomer well , how do you feel now , sport ? we have the run of the place while we people be starve to death , and it will be at least two centon before we can raise crop . starbuck what do you expect I to do , ask the guy for twenty thousand quantum of food for a couple of straggler pilot on a reconnaissance flight ? boomer maybe we could kinda ' confide in he ... starbuck boomer , until we know who this people be , just keep in mind it will only take one informer to have the whole cylon war machine on its way . boomer so what do we do ? we have get to get fuel and food back to the ship . starbuck first thing we do be check in with the fleet and tell them what we have find . meanwhile , I will try to find out who 's behind this place . how many cubit do you have with you ? boomer cubit !!! there be people back in we fleet half - starve and you be go to gamble ? starbuck boomer , this time it 's in the line of duty . we have get to start ask some question , but carefully , very carefully . now go ... check in ... boomer all right , but you would better make this last ... that 's all there be ... boomer drop three cubit into starbuck 's hand on a hi -lo table Three people be seat at what might be a space - age blackjack game . starbuck head for a open chair beside a woman , who , but for a few pound , might be extremely attractive . the other two at the table be male , both approach obesity starbuck this chair take ...? the girl eye starbuck appraisingly . she like what she see . lorna well !!! the fleet 's in ... sit down ... ( she check he shoulder for a insignia ; look impressed ) Lieutenant ... you have come to a lucky table . starbuck that right ...? on the game hi- lo or 7/11 as it be know throughout the star system , be a game play with card or electronic extension of card between any number of player and a dealer . the object of the game be to draw a hand as close as possible to either 7 or 11 . it be the player ' choice , a judgment the player make after view he first card , or ' up ' card ... on the shuttle craft stand ominously still where boomer and starbuck leave it on a volcanic rock plateau on a rock formation as ovion face begin to rise from concealment and move towards the ship in front of the paradeese de festive ' boomer amble to a position of seclusion near some lush landscape . he withdraw a pocket communicator and talk into it in hushed tone boomer land probe to galactica ... land probe to galactica ... come in ... there be no response boomer galactica ... come in galactica ... boomer tap the small hand device and hold it up to he ear . he can hear static , but no signal boomer land probe to galactica back up on the volcanic rock plateau the ovion leader raise he hand . a platoon of ovion soldier level they hand weapon on the silent ship . he drop he hand the weapon fire multiple burst of flame the shuttle craft erupt into a pyre that reach high into the sky the ovion turn and begin to back away the shuttle craft explode into a fireball which rise high into the night sky on the surface of carillon in another place three ovion face appear at ground level and continue to rise into frame . they stare off ... point of view boxey move along with muffit two behind he . suddenly , muffit two stop and look towards camera and growl the ovion creature lower back beneath the ground boxey move off towards skyler . muffit continue to start at the mound on boxey as he move up to skyler who be scan the area with a electronic probe boxey how soon before thing begin to grow ? skyler Morning . by the end of the day tomorrow , we will have a whole crop of fresh food instead of comration . wo not that taste better ? boxey I would rather go home . why would we have to leave ? why would that people want to hurt we ? skyler oh , because there be and have always be live being who cannot accept anything they do not understand ... anything different boxey what do you mean , different ? skyler just about anything at all ... the shape of you eye , the number of limb , the color of the outer layer of you skin ... even thought and idea . they just be not equip to deal with difference . boxey you mean they be stupid . skyler I guess by we standard . how can it be anything but stupid to kill what you do not understand ? boxey why do not we kill they back ? skyler then we would be change what we be ... to be like they . it 's better for we to go someplace else . boxey what if they come after we ? skyler we might have to defend ourselves . boxey you mean kill they . skyler possibly . boxey then we would be like they . skyler boxey , you be beginning to see how complicated life be . we do not believe in war , but the opposite of war be not necessarily peace . what we want be freedom ... the right to be leave alone , but there 's always the chance someone will come along and spoil everything . boxey so you kill they . skyler no ... you try to establish penalty . something that make spoil someone else 's way of life unreward . boxey you kill they . skyler boxey , you have a way of reduce everything to very simple term . I do not know ... maybe you be right ... in the end we be talk about life and death . life be precious . no one have the right to tamper with another 's , without the risk of forfeiting they own . I think maybe we be get a little deep for a boy you age . boxey why ? you can die at any age , can not you ? skyler yes , boxey , you can ... where 's muffit ? boxey right here ... boxey turn to look . muffit be not to be see . then from beyond the mound , we hear bark boxey there he be . skyler better get he . if he wander off , he could fall into a old mining probe and we would never find he . and be careful ... stay in plain view of the livery ship . boxey I will . as boxey turn and move off , greenbean hurry up on greenbean greenbean Captain , I think we have get problem . skyler you have find another droid ... greenbean no ...we lose jolly ... skyler give greenbean a impatient look skyler how could anybody lose Lieutenant jolly ... there 's so much of he , he almost qualify as a planet . let 's check it out . skyler move off with greenbean on boxey walk along amidst the mound , scan in all direction boxey muffy ... muffy ... darn you daggit ... where be you ... suddenly , a hand appear on boxey 's shoulder . he spin around . he start to scream . on a ovion as one hand reach out to cove boxey 's mouth while two more hold he arm to he side . inside the ovion chamber boxey be be lead down a corridor by two ovion creature . he be both dismay and frighten by the strange new world he have enter . suddenly , he hear bark . he take off on a dead run . boxey muffy !!! a ovion soldier raise he weapon . the other stop he from use it . they start after boxey . on the entrance to the chosen chamber boxey charge up and through the leg of the ovion guard as she attempt to stop he . the guard begin to pursue he . inside the chosen chamber boxey charge in , see muffy stand beside jolly , bark at the chosen leader . her name be lotay . as the ovion guard be about to grab boxey , lotay raise a hand . lotay leave he . boxey crouch beside muffy , hold he close . muffy lick he face . lotay scan the odd assemblage before she -- a obese flyer , a small child , and a peculiar- look droid . lotay a curious group ... ( after a think , a pleasant smile ) but they will do nicely . take they to a cell and prepare for the other as quickly as possible . jolly edge over , grimly put a arm around boxey in the paradeese de festive ' casino at starbuck's table another cheer go up as starbuck rake in more cubit starbuck let them ride again . lorna hey , you be fine . where have you be all week ? where be you from ? no , let I guess , you be a Capricorn ... starbuck what give I away ? lorna you tenacity ... I mean you get what you want and you be aloof ... all you people from caprica be alike ( she giggle ) and also you insignia say you unit be from caprica . starbuck how would you find out about this place ? lorna a girlfriend at the office tell I about three of she roomate come here . they have such a good time , they stay over ... write we to come . it be too good a deal to pass up . starbuck what 's a good deal ? lorna five cubit round trip , all meal include for one centon . I do not know how they do it . the food be so good , I have gain ten pound , and my girlfriend ... if she do not stop eat , they will never get she back off the planet . starbuck look around at the capacity crowd starbuck I guess they make it up on the gambling ... lorna except that I be ahead fifty cubit . starbuck watch as the dealer punch up a card ... a cheer from the table ... lorna giggle . lorna you win again . boomer return with a serious look on he face boomer ( sotto ) we would better talk . starbuck read boomer 's expression ... rise starbuck thanks for the company . lorna ( invitingly ) any time ... hurry back . boomer and starbuck cross the casino into a lounge area from which music be pulsate starbuck where be we go ? I be find out all sort of thing , like the fact that this people be completely cut off rom ews of the outside world . boomer I be not surprised . be careful what you say , we be be watch . as starbuck start to look around starbuck who by ? boomer slap a hand on sarbuck 's back and grin broadly for effect boomer right ... let 's have a drink and listen to some music ... loud music . in the lounge a trio of female tucanas be perform in what can best be describe as a space - out supreme style of music . tucanas be unusual being , in that while they be not totally unattractive in a feline sort of way , they do have two mouth , which in a woman can be devastating , unless they happen to be singer ... starbuck and boomer sit into a table combination for two and starbuck be immediately take by the group boomer they can not try to read we lip in here . starbuck the place be full of lip . look , be you sure you be not imagine thing ? this place be all right . starbuck place a cubit in a slot on a small pedestal in the middle of the table . a cup drop down and amber begin to stream into it . he then place a large stack of cubit in front of he , to boomer 's amazement . boomer where would you get all that ? starbuck hi-lo . one thing this place be not , be crooked . would you listen to that girl ? they be great . boomer forget the girl . talk to I . what else do you pick up at that table ! starbuck continue to stare at the girl starbuck like what ? boomer like why they might need to watch we . starbuck who ? he follow boomer 's gaze two ovion stand by a dapery partition be look towards boomer and starbuck . one turn and move off starbuck and boomer boomer ovion . starbuck who ? boomer ovion . they be all over the place . my section get a briefing on they from Intelligence . starbuck where do they come from ? boomer no one seem to kow much about they . they just start show up on a few outpost , mostly as migratory worker starbuck look like they be well - equip for that ... boomer it 's they politics that be in doubt . starbuck I do not see how that 's too important any more . boomer why not ? starbuck how can we worry about subversion when we do not have a planet leave to subvert ? hey , would you listen to that girl ? they be incredible . on the group the middle lady belt out a song in a fashion not dissimilar to bette midler . the two lady flanking she belt out ' oo 's ' and ' ah 's , ' sing four - part harmony , with both mouth cranking out decible of music while the lead singer only seem to be use one of she two orifice . the upper mouth be definitely do all the work , but effectively ... very effectively . starbuck be mesmerize starbuck we could make a fortune if we could put that girl on the star circuit . I mean big money , boomer . boomer I do not believe you . every creature in the universe be out to exterminate we , and you want to hire a vocal group . starbuck have a little vision , will 'ya . the war can not last forever . someday , it will be over and what will we be ... antiquated , burn out fighter pilot . the girl go for they big finish . the two outside lady hit a sustain chord only miss one element . we somehow feel it 's forthcoming . the middle lady soar for a high note with she upper mouth and just as we reach the final few beat in the melodious piece , we see the lower mouth , silent for the entire song , open . we know it 's come ... and it do ... a low resounding bass note on the final beat of the song that break the glass in starbuck 's hand . the room break into tumultuous applause starbuck be flabbergasted . he rise starbuck I gotta ' talk to they ... boomer pull he back down boomer you be not go to talk to anybody . we be here on a mission . starbuck and I be do everything I can to find out what 's go on . what do the Commander tell you to do ? boomer I could not reach the fleet . starbuck why not ? boomer we be in some kind of communication void . probably the canyon wall . starbuck well , hike up to the shuttle and call in ( rise with some consternation ) I be tell you , we be sit on top of a gold mine with this girl , and all you can see be danger behind every rock . boomer it 's a tylium mine we be suppose to find and ... where be you go ...? starbuck it do not matter where I be go . you be go up to the shuttle to heck in . and the sooner you do , the sooner we will be get food and suppliess back to we ship . I be tell you , this be nice people . you can tell Commander adama I say so . as starbuck move off towards the casino , boomer shake he head worriedly , then move off . outside the casino boomer exit and start away . suddenly , he find he be not alone . move to one side of he through the shrubbery be a ovion . to the other side , another ovion . he stop , look back . guarding the door behind he , another ovion . boomer suddenly run towards the rock , a laser blast streak out . boomer dive for cover . his hand reach down to he belt . he push a armature . as the ovion slowly move up to he and level they weapon on he boomer easy fella ... nice bug ... on the bridge of the galactica skyler appear on a monitor skyler first sergeant jolly ... then the boy and he droid ... adama greet the news with every possible defense adama the surface be cover with mining probe . they may have both fall in some similar crevice . on the surface of carillon skyler speak into a scanner skyler two disappearance possibu ... but now we patrol beyond the ridge be centon overdue , and we have just pick up the Flight sergeant 's emergency beacon . adama nod , concedint the weight of evidence adama all right , Captain skyler . dispatch a immediate rescue mission beyond the ridge . skyler I would like to command it myself . adama no , you have vital where you be . skyler Commander , starbuck and boomer be the best we have . if they be in trouble ... adama very well . report in as soon as possible . galacica out . adama sign off and turn to tigh adama I do not like the feel of it . I think it 's time for a on-site inspection . prepare my shuttle and a squad of you best Warrior . tigh right away two colonial warrior streak over the edge of the mountain and across the sky in skyler' ship he be scan the ground ... search skyler we will follow the vector head of the life sign Lieutenant starbuck be check out . skyler galnce over to the next ship on jolly as he nod he understanding on skyler skyler let 's go down on the deck ... on skyler' ship as he peel off and rake down closer to the surface , follow immediately by the other ship , in flight of three . at the livery ship a cluster of Colonial Warrior be line up in military formation adama we will divide into team of two and criss -cross the area from the point Flight sergeant jolly disappear . we do not have much time , so cover you quadrant as quickly as possible . all right ... disperse ... suddenly , a woman 's frantic voice call out lyra Commander ... the man step out of formation to depart . lyra rush up to adama lyra Commander , the boy ... boxey ... I just hear he 's miss . May I join the search ? I have grow very attach to that little waif . adama this be not easy terrain . lyra I have be to place in the star system that make this look like a stellar lounge . adama I would be honore to have you aboard . she return adama 's ingratiate smile on skyler in he fighting ship as he soar along at tree - top level , scan the ground skyler I do not know where starbuck 's shuttle be , but it 's sure not on this coordinate greebean he must have decide to ... suddenly , greenbean 's mouth fly open greenbean Captain !!! skyler already aware ofwhat greenbean see skyler I see it ... greenbean what be it ? skyler I have not get the slight idea , but that 's where boomer 's distress signal be come from . greenbean what do we do about it ? skler find a place to land and have a look . the two fighter peel off in search of a landing spot on the surface of carillon Colonial warrior criss -cross a segment of land which appear as a slightly angle plane of black , volcanic rock on two warrior as they move past camera , we pan back to see the ground open up to reveal to ovion warrior move up out of the ground in another area greenbean and another warrior move past camera . once again , they be no more than a few foot away when two more ovion appear behind they . on adama he stop with lyra at he side to allow she to catch she breath . a cold wind chill they lyra get very cold ... adama we will not be able to continue the search much longer . the temperature 's drop too fast lyra look off to one side lyra that 's odd . we seem to be the only one on the summit . adama must have be move a little faster than everyone else . I will admit I be worried . lyra turn and move back past a rock formation on this high plateau lyra Commander , you would better have a look . adama turn and move back around the rock formation point of view a long sweeping vista of black volcanic rock anglingdown to a small meadow where the livery ship stand ominously alone and still adama turn back to lyra lyra they be all go ... we be alone . adama quickly drwas he weapon adama it 's impossible . lyra Commander , I be frighten . what 's go on ? adama I do not know , but let 's ... adama half tur ... he look freeze . lyra turn and scream on two ovion they weapon extend towards the two human on skyler and greenbean as they approach the burn - out remain of two viper War ship . both man have they weapon draw as they move up cautiously greenbean if boomer and starbuck be in that bird , sir ... skyler ... look down at he communicator . it continue to flash . skyler it would have be destroy they distress beacon . no ... boomer 's signal be still loud and clear . greenbean what do we do ? skyler you stand guard on the ship . we can not afford to lose two more . I be go to follow boomer 's beacon . it seem to be come from down there . whatever it be ... skyler move with boomer to look down on the casino de festive ' inside the ovion chamber adama and lyra be be escort by guard . as they reach the main chamber , adama and lyra look around in amazement . lyra what be it ? moving poiint of view the large main chamber where countless ovion worker mine tylium around the clock adama it may be the large underground tylium mine in the star system lyra to run we ship ... adama ( ominously ) to run somebody 's ship they arrive at the chosen chamber . the guard stand aside . adama and lyra enter inside the chosen chamber lotay look up from she perch . lotay you be Commander adama ? on adama and lyra adama I be ... lotay welcome to carillon . you be impressed ? adama outrage be more like it . where be my man and the boy ? as easy smile cross lotay 's face lotay would you care to join they ? adama you bet I would ... and if anything 's happen to any one of they , you will answer to the colony . the chosen leader smile non-committally and rise . we find that she be taller than the worker ovion . she lead the way as the ovion guard move in behind adama and lyra . in a corridor lyra ( sotto ) do that smile mean she know the colony do not exist ? adama ( sotto ) I do not know ... they arrive at another entry . the leader stand aside . lotay enter ... adama and lyra exchange wary look and pass through the door . inside the guest chamber adama and lyra stop in they track and stare incredulously point of view -- the chamber alive with music and entertainment ... four - armed juggler , dance ovion ... and a banquet befit king with succulent victual of every dimension , proportion and manner jolly jolly Commander !!! everyone turn to look . boxey jump down from the knee of a ovion worker and run to lyra . jolly move hurriedly , food in hand ... a drumstick and a odd -look piece of fruit jolly it 's like nothing we could have dream of . they have get plenty of everything we need , and they want to share it . lyra sound like paradise ... adama gaze around the room warily ... a troubled look on he face . adama yes , it do ... lotay we be a communal order from birth . we all work ... we all share ... there be no competition , no jealousy , no conflict ... only peace and order . adama perpetual happiness . lotay happiness be the goal of a immature order . all pursue it . few have it . none can sustain it . the ovion be content . it be better . adama and lyra exchange cautious look lyra it seem to work for you . lotay for millennium it have be so . now , join we ... be we guest ... be well feed , well entertained ... be content . the ovion leader smile that strange , bewilder look that suggest a private meaning . adama can not help feel it 's more than a benign suggestion . in the casino on two ovion security guard watch starbuck and look anything but benign on starbuck at the hi - lo table a cheer arise from the gallery which by this time be substantial . they watch with vicarious fear as starbuck press he entire accumulation of cubit out on the wagering table . on lorna lorna what be you go to do with all that money ? starbuck let it all ride ... a small cheer from lorna and the two obese gentleman . as we pan off to the main door as a figure enter . skyler look around incredulously . he hear a resounding cheer ... look ... point of view a narrow aperture through the gallery reveal the image of a Colonial warrior as the center of attention . the dealer seem to be look for help . he be perspire . dealer I will have to see if they will remove the limit . the dealer signal o.s. as skyler move up and stare in utter disbelief at the pile of golden cubit in front of a cigar-smoking starbuck . skyler Lieutenant , do you mind tell I what you be do ? starbuck turn , somewhat startle and embarrassed starbuck win ... I mean ( he struggle to he foot , rise awkwardly from he stool ) Sir ... skyler what be this place ? what 's go on here ... starbuck turn to lorna starbuck uh , excuse I , dear ... watch my cubit ? starbuck hustle skyler a few foot away to talk conspiratorially as a few yard away , the pit boss gesture in pantomime to the dealer . starbuck oh , sir ... as near as we can figure , this be a resort . this people be here from all over the star system . skyler that do not make any sense . this place be a desolate rock . starbuck maybe ... but everyone 's have a great time . skyler not everyone . starbuck everyone that I have see . skyler how long since you talk to boomer ? starbuck boomer ??? skyler somebody blow up he ship ... yours , too . starbuck blew up we ship ? boomer go there to use the long - range communicator . if someone do something to boomer ... skyler he never reach the ship . his distress beacon be still work ... that 's what bother I . starbuck it can not be work . I do not pick it up . skyler I be not pick it up now , either ... but my flyover point right to where you be stand . starbuck Captain ... boomer be not here ... he leave . skyler if he be not in this building , he 's under it . skyler and boomer exchange ominous look as the pit boss move up . pit boss Sir , as a special courtesy to we Colonial warrior guest , the limit have be remove . starbuck look at skyler questioningly as a cheer of anticipation rise from the gallery . skyler nod . skyler go ahead , lucky . break the bank . I would like to see what happen when you try to walk out of here with they money . starbuck pale . starbuck look ... maybe we have learn all we can here ... skyler no ...no ... you go right ahead . I will just look around for a bit ... starbuck I would feel better if you be watch my flank . skyler you be do fine before I get here . good luck . skyler move off , leave starbuck alone as lorna move to he and take he arm and pull he to the table . lorna come on , sport . you be go to bring the house down . starbuck that 's what 's worry I . moving through the casino with skyler as he edge past more game of chance as cheer rise from each table . finally , skyler reach a bank of elevator . he notice a large group of rather obese people be escort by ovion into a elevator . skyler move up to join the group . a ovion 's hand bar the way . ovion you have a voucher ? skyler I just want to browse . where do this go ? ovion it be the chamber of the live end . you must have a voucher . skyler I hope it 's a reduce salon . look like some of this boy have be have too good a time . can I look around ? ovion when you have a voucher . it come at the end of you two week stay . the people have all enter the elevator car , and the ovion who have be speak with skyler now step back into the car himself . skyler two week stay ... look , I do not plan on stick ... the door whisk close in skyler 's face and whisk downward , out of sight . he finish the statement to himself ... " self " ... and turn to head back through more cheer guest take curious and troubled note of what he be see . suddenly , he turn and head towards the front door at a easy gait . as he close to they , he be aware that ovion Guards be follow he progress . at the front door skyler pause as he be about to start outside . quickly , he look back into the room . point of view one of the ovion who have be tracking he have a transceiver in he hand and be talk into it . find himself catch by skyler 's gaze , he lower the transceiver . skyler swing he look back out the door . point of view to the vegetation outside two shadow ducking back behind some shrubbery . skyler turn and move back across the casino towards starbuck . at starbuck's table a cheer from the gallery as starbuck 's winning mount . the game now watch closely by a pit boss and several guard , who begin to press in more closely . skyler eye they behind starbuck warily . lorna lean in , paw starbuck admiringly . lorna you be the luckiest man I have ever ... suddenly , she stop in mid-sentence , she jaw hang open as she see skyler slowly raise he sidearm from its holster to bring it directly to bear on the dealer 's chest . a gasp from the crowd . starbuck what be you do ? skyler I be go to see if I can put a hole through he . the dealer 's eye flare wide with alarm . in a instant , the head security guard be at starbuck 's side . head security guard Sir ... you will have to ... as he start to draw he weapon , he find starbuck 's sidearm quickly in he side . starbuck quickly move a arm around the ovion 's head , turn he towards the other security guard move up , transform he into a shield . starbuck let 's keep we hand out where we can see them , fella . all of they . now , you mind tell I what we be do , sir ! the approaching security guard stop in place and refrain from any movement towards they weapon skyler unflinch ... he weapon levele at the dealer head security guard if I may ask ... what seem to be you complaint ? skyler this man be cheating my friend . starbuck what ??? a incredulous remble move through the gallery . skyler be beginning to lose they support . obviously , he 's a military psychopath . head security guard but he be win . skyler no . he appear to be win . the dealer be cheating . starbuck ah , look , skyler ... Captain ... I be pretty good , you know ... head security guard Sir , if you doubt he good fortune , I suggest he pick up he cubit and leave . starbuck sound like a real good idea , skyler ! why do not we just be on we way ... skyler not until somebody explain why he be let he win . head security guard nothing could be more absurd ... starbuck do sound a bit odd . look , maybe this fellas' be willing to help we get to we ship if we just give back the winning and forget the whole thing ! skyler they do not mind winner , starbuck . there be not a loser in the house . they see to that . head security guard a human weakness ... momentous judgement on miniscule perspective ... as the people begin to grumble at skyler 's destroy heir party obese man # 1 look , fella , why do not you tell you friend to go back to he ship and sleep it off , huh ? lorna right . you have something against people have a litle fun ... win a little money ? starbuck Captain , come on . you be go to have everyone at we throat . skyler just ask yourselves , have you see a loser here ? do not that strike all of you as odd ? obese man # 2 what be it , boy ? you worried about the tax on we winning ? that why you be here , boy ? you a tax collector ? obese man # 1 you come to close this place down , fella ? the room be turn angry . skyler raise he weapon . skyler he be let you win . lorna why ? skyler maybe to keep you here , or content . I do not know . obese man # 1 put you weapon away , son , or I be go to take it away from you . the man move off he chair towards skyler starbuck Captain , with all due respect ... skyler realize the contrantation 's quickly go to get out of hand . he start to back away , he weapon in front of he . obese man # 1 maybe you can explain what you be do here , boy . you come for a vacation , or for trouble ? the people continue to move towards starbuck and skyler , the security guard amongst they , wait for a opportuity . starbuck and skyler find themselves with the front door cut off from they by the guard . skyler there 's trouble , all right . the war with the Alliance be over . we lose . obese man # 2 lose ! you poor fool . you have be on patrol too long . there 's be a armistice . do not you hear ? the crowd begin to laugh at skyler obese man # 1 course they do not tell ' im . have to keep morale up . if they do not have a war , they do not have job . the laugh turn to jeer . the noise become deafen . skyler edge towards the elevator . starbuck the front door be that way ... skyler so be they reception party . we have get to make a run for it , starbuck . starbuck the minute we do , the ovion will start shoot . skyler the old duck and roll ... starbuck right ... starbuck quickly scan the area . he look up ... point of view a ornate chandelier high in the ceiling in front of the elevator . starbuck shift the barrel of he sidearm upward and in one deat movement , send a laser blast stream from the ceiling and turn and duck for a open elevator with skyler right behind he . on the ceiling as the ornate chandelier be blast out of its mooring and start for the floor the crowd start forward , then jump back as the fixture crash in front of the doorway , send a pillar of debris and electrical short ... end of hour two hour three fade in on elevator door in a subterranean passage they open , emit a covey of ovion who run from the car and stand look off down two intersect corridor which range off into complete blackness . the ovion raise they sidearm and fire resounding laser blast off into the black abyss . quickly , aother team of ovion move up in two land vehicle . two ovion climb on one vehicle , two more on the other , and the machine whine off in opposite direction . momentarily , all be still . we pan back to the elevator car and find two pair of leg descend from the top of the car . skyler and starbuck drop to the floor and ease cautiously out into the passageway . starbuck on reconsider ... I believe there may be something to you suspicion about this place . let 's move . one of this tunnel must lead out of here . skyler they also lead to that fella who be fire full charge at what they hope be we . that be not nice , starbuck . starbuck I do not see how we have any choice , unless you be suggest we go back the way we come in . you would not suggest that , would you ? o.s. a whine can be hear . both man turn and look . starbuck I be not real crazy about the sound of that ... skyler I be not , either . point of view a eerie light approach from down the dark passageway skyler and starbuck reach in unison ... turn and scamper for the elevator car ... raise they hand over they head , jump , and pull themselves up out of sight . pan back , we find a tram pullung up to a stop beside the elevator . from the front of the tram , three ovion exit and move into the elevator car . from up above the car we find skyler and starbuck watch helplessly as the ovion , converse in high - pitch chatter . the car stop . they exit and move into the casino , leave starbuck and skyler trap . starbuck this be not turn out to be as much fun as I would hope . now what ? skyler now we wait . starbuck what for ? skyler for someone to take we back down starbuck I be not too crazy about that idea , either . at least up here there be people we could talk to . skyler this people be no better off than we be . you see that shuttle down there . I figure it just come back from take a load of this people someplace . starbuck where ? skyler that 's a good question . I have get a hunch the answer be the reason for this place 's existence . on the galactica hover amongst the fleet above the planet carillon . a space shuttle approach from the rear . on the bridge of the galactica Colonel tigh receive a courier , read the information , and look up , troubled . tigh I be leave the bridge . I will be with Commander adama if I be need . on commander adama in he quarter he sit at a desk dictating into a device adama the ovion people have extend to the survivor of the colony every measure of goodness and support we might have hope for . it be now possible to foresee the entire fleet able to resume we voage within a centon . close on a automatic writing device a small , tube-like extension which focus a small measure of light on a roll of paper . as the light move by , lettering be place silently and nearly on the paper . there be a knock at the door . adama come in . Colonel tigh enter . adama glance at he , adama nothing can be that bad . we have find supplies , adequate to carry we people far out of this star system . we could not have fall on better fortune . tigh no , sir . in fact , thing be too good . adama give tigh a curious look . adama too good ? tigh most of we people be still on comration . as tasty as I would like to say they be , they just do not measure up to thestory come back from the surface of carillon . there 's a lot of talk go around ... adama what kind of talk ? tigh that you be exceedig you authority by keep people in the ship instead of allow they some time on the planet . adama rise in a state of shock . adama exceed my authority ! this be a voyage of survival . we could be under attack at any time . the crew on carillon be down there to work , not party . tigh Sir , all of we people have be through a debilite shock . I be sure some of they be get a little of it we of they system . adama just what be it you be tell I ? I dispatch two of we elite squadron to harvest food and obtain fuel for we survival . now what 's go on down there ? tigh say nothing , but he expression send the Commander toward the door . adama prepare my shuttle on the flight deck adama exit a elevator and head towards he shuttle . as he do , he see a group of twelve man disembark a second craft . they form a grim barrier as he move up to they , sense a uneasy confrontation . adama Anton ... Seth ... and seppy . so good to see you all . anton you appear to be leave . adama will need more than a smile . he know this be not go to go well . adama I have to go down to the surface of carillon . anton ( caustically ) of course ! we understand ! adama I be not sure that you do . anton adama , we want to discuss a orderly rotation of all we people down to carillon . adama I do not think that 's wise . seth the quorum do . anton adama , we take the liberty of hold a council to elect new leadership . adama I see . and what be the outcome ? seth each of we here have be elect to represent out respective colony . we be the new quorum of the twelve . adama and have we a new President ? anton why , of course , adama . you . the man applaud and backslap adama with nervous affection . adama thank you . it will be my pleasure to serve you . however , I can not permit ... lobe adama , you have run a ship as big as a sun center . some of we people be cramped up in cubicle no bigger than a cubit . anton and it may be a long time between stop . lobe it 's only fair we people share in the fruit of carillon . adama Anton , surely you understand that we be still at war . a Alliance have dedicated itself to we extinction . you must recognize a need for extraordinary measure . I can not allow we people down on carillon before inspect the condition and its possible risk . anton of course . we all understand that , so why do not we accompany you and see for ourselves , shall we ? enthusiastically , they all start for the shuttle ship as adama 's expression turn grim . in a dark tunnel ovion approach on a surface craft and enter the elevator pod starbuck we could have be far away from here by now . skyler they have get scanner and vehicle . they do not expect we to stay around . starbuck because they be under the impression we be intelligent being . no offense ... skyler as always , I will involve you youth to save you aresford . this be the last place they will be look for we . starbuck gesture to a long , tram - like vehicle park in the tunnel starbuck why not take that vehicle ? skyler because it look like it move slowly and make a lot of noise . starbuck I would still feel better than sit here , wait ... for what ! skyler for that vehicle to move ? starbuck where ? skyler where I think we want to go ! starbuck skyler , sir ... would you mind share a few piece of the magic puzzle . I mean , I have see ... skyler well , I think I know how someone can run a casino that give away money . starbuck what be it ? skyler I be not sure you want to hear it . starbuck try I . skyler suppose there 's a very rich mine on this planet . starbuck yeah ... skyler I mean , it 's rich if you have somebody to mine it . starbuck which they do not . skyler what if they do ? what if that ovion be bring in people from all over the star system to visit this wonderful casino resort where you can not lose ... except in the end . starbuck ahhh , skyler , that 's ugly . skyler yes , it be ... if they wind up as slave labor down in a tylium mine . starbuck that 's a long shot . some of that people be so fat , they could not touch they shoe , let alone mine tylium . that 's hard work . skyler do not take long to work off weight in a tylium mine . starbuck you know something ? skyler what ? starbuck I feel better about that ovion when I do not understand they . skyler the next load of people they move out in that thing , probably in the morning ... we be go to climb on and find out if I be right . starbuck uh...uh ...on the chance that you be right , whichever way that thing go , I go the other way . skyler I could order you to go with I . starbuck be you order I ? skyler no . it 's liable to be a one - way trip . starbuck right . skyler helping to save humanity be go to have to be a personal decision , starbuck . goodnight . skyler tuck he head down on top of the elevator and close he eye . starbuck watch he for a long beat , then look off with a totally disgust look on he face . starbuck ahhhhhh feljurcreb !!! in the ovion banquet room continue merriment , laughter , food and drink . only boxey be move about , look worried . boxey muffy ... muffy he can not seem to find the droid . he wander towards the door where a ovion guard stand watch . the guard be talk to a second guard in the corridor . he do not notice boxey move off down the corridor . on the large mine the cavernous room from which the mining operation can be observe . lotay ... the large tylium mine in all the star system ... pan off , we find the quorum of the twelve be guide on a tour anton it 's a testimony to communal order ... lotay thank you in the ovion leader' private chamber they enter to find a large feast prepare for they on floor mat and pillow in the center of the room . on one side , gentle music be emitted from two stringe instrument in contrast to the rouse melody indigenous to the more public dining area . anton this be too much to expect . lotay we have plenty . as many of you people who desire it be invite to be we guest . Anton turn to adama anton can you in good conscience deny we people such a invitation ? adama well , perhaps a very carefully organize small rotation . seth but I think time be we great consideration . the more we bring here at once , the sooner we can be on we way . adama turn to the leader adama May I ask how we request for tylium be be receive ? lotay we have already prepare the first shipment for you , have we not ? adama yes , we board it . however , I understand there be to be a delay in obtain any more . lotay unfortunately , we be not prepare for you request . only two centon ago , we dispatch almost all that be on hand . what we give you this day be what we be able to mine yesterday . we be industrious , Commander , but we be also small . lotay smile ingratiatingly . anton I think we press we luck , Commander . let we not be rude in the face of such hospitality . lotay please begin . be we guest . be well feed , well entertained . be content . as the ovion leader be about to step away , adama bring she to a stop . adama you be not join we ? lotay ( a vague smile cross she face ) no ... I be afraid not . she simlply move off . on she exit ... anton well , I do not think there can be any doubt as to we decision . it will take time to obtain the tylium . we will give every person a opportunity to share in we bounty down here on carillon . in a corridor lotay move briskly along , escort by four ovion guard . they reach a chamber . lotay stop , look up and down the corridor , and enter alone . on the back of a emperor' chair lotay move forward until she have come to a point just in front of the chair . she bow she head . lotay by you command ... on the throne baltar sit drape across the chair , a smug smile on he face . on either side of he be the two cylon centurian . baltar I see you be entertaining this day . lotay the colonial have only allow a few of they Warrior to land . baltar I know you hospitality would be impossible to refuse . after all the experience you have have dining with human ... baltar cannon resist laugh at he private joke . baltar and what of Commander adama lotay a brief visit . he be with the fleet now . baltar I want he here ! when he be in we grasp , we have win ! on boxey exiting a dark staircase into a forbidden chamber fill with ovion worker slave in a mine shaft , light by eerie , subdued , pulsate light . here the mood be not one of showcase industry , but rather of endless , mindless obedience to a cruel taskmaster . the ovion dig at the wall with small utensil , some of they turn to steal glance at the small waif of a lad walk up they forbidden ocrridor . a high -pitch , insect - like chant reverberate throughout the sub chamber . suddenly , a high -pitch whine . a ovion worker fall from a pinnacle , crash to the ground not far from boxey . two sentry ovion move efficiently up and remove the fall worker , drag the hapless form of to a pit where it be hurl out of sight . have complete they task , one of the two sentries turn its attention to boxey . the first sentry exchange high - frequency communication with the second and the pair start towards boxey . boxey be not so young that he cannon sense imminent danger . he turn and run . the ovion continue towards he as boxzey turn off ito another corridor . someplace else in the depth of the chamber -- on muffy prancing along a deep , forebode , dark corridor . suddenly , a moan sound bring he to a stop . he cock he head to listen . the moan continue . a anthem to human suffer . muffy prance up a corridor darker than the one he be in . on muffy as he stop and look he ear and hair suddenly stand on end a yellowish window octangular in shape as it seal off a insect- like cell . press against the plastic-like window , countless human , intermingled with other interstellar being , cramme , jamme , wedge together into a butcher 's shop display case of live flesh . a obese human see muffy and claw at the window with desperation ... tracking sweep of blood where he finger have cruelly yield to the abrasive sealing glass . boxey' voice muffy ... muffy ... where be you ? muffy turn and bark , take we to boxey stand at the end of the corridor . he see muffy and run to he , bend down to cuddle he close . suddenly , he be aware of the strange moan . his little face look up from the furry droid in he arm and freeze in disbelief . he let out a involuntary cry and jump up and turn to run . he move no more than a few foot when he collide into two ovion sentries who look down on boxey and muffy with cruel , cold , program intent on colonel tigh and athena on the bridge of the galactica tigh but we can not shuttle everyone to the surface of carillon ... the fuel and the pilot ... athena ( add she voice ) there will be no one leave to stand alert . commander adama pace away from Athena and tigh . he look out the vast window to space with the ship of the fleet scattered across the sky above carillon . adama have we hear from Captain skyler yet ? tigh no , sir . he 's be out of contact a full centon . adama do something feel very wrong to you , Colonel , of be I just hopelessly paranoid ? tigh I once read a book on tactical survival in a alien world . it say a little paranoia be good for you . adama nod , head out . adama I be familiar with that book . I write it . prepare my shuttle . I be return to the surface . tigh Commander , about you book . adama yes . I have prepare a set of order to cover that contingency . in they , you will find my instruction for what to do to save the galactica and she fold , should the unhappy need arise . adama withdraw a envelope from he tunic and pass it to tigh , who examine it carefully . tigh you can not be serious . adama deadly serious . the two man exchange grim look bear of year of service together in the face of a ruthless enemy . on top of the elevator within the casino corridor starbuck lie face up into the darkness , he eye open starbuck skyler ... skyler mmmm ... starbuck you awake ? skyler yeah ... starbuck you hear something ? skyler no ... starbuck sounded like a door open above . skyler must be almost morning by now . could be another one of they health tour . starbuck you really intend to see where they go ? skyler uh-huh . starbuck just like you father ... skyler seem to care about the conversation for the first time . his eye shift over to the form share the claustrophobic space beside he . starbuck no offense mean . I guess I have a reputation for take thing kind of loose and easy . do not mean I do not appreciate it whem someone stick he neck out for I . you , I mean ... skyler ( embarrassed ) I think we be talk about my father . starbuck I be ... in a way ... I mean ... we would not have survive if he have not do what he do ... and what you do ... what you have to do . that take a lot of courage , too . skyler this be not courage , starbuck ; it 's reflex . you know you be a complete warrior when you find you can leave you own brother behind to die ... starbuck to save how many more brother ? you can not feel responsible . skyler starbuck , you be a naive young boy . let I tell you what I feel ... what 's really bother I . it 's how long it 's take I to feel anything at all . only now , two centon after he 's go , do I begin to ache ..to start to hurt ... to want to cry . that 's how program I have become . so which one of we be the lesser live creature ? the one that 's go on or the one who be leave behind and feel nothing ? starbuck find he 's open up a floodgate he be not equip to handle starbuck I do not know ... skyler now you sound like a leader . I do not know , either . suddenly , the elevator begin to move downward . both man freeze with cautious anxiety as the car stop . point of view the shuttle vehicle begin load passenger in front of the elevator . they be all large , almost obese creature , some human , some not , but all in a condition to necessitate waddling aboard the bus . starbuck ( sotto ) maybe it 's go home time ! skyler uh-uh . I be willing to bet it 's the great big payoff to the free trip to carillon . oh , I forget . you will not be around to see who win . starbuck well , now , if you want to make a wager out of it ... I mean , a real man 's wager ... starbuck look at skyler with grow significance skyler it could be the most important bet you have make , starbuck . it could save a lot of people or it could cost you big ... starbuck look at skyler with affection starbuck it will not be the first time I ride everything I have on a long shot . skyler thanks ... on the tour tram as it move out on starbuck and skyler as they drop off he top of the elevator onto the tram inside the ovion chamber the large chamber . a tour be in progress , festive in mood , seetol , the ovion guard , point out the wonderful way of they world . amongst the gallery , lyra and Athena . seetol ... star system 's large tylium mine , with a per annum capacity equal to the need of the entire galaxy . athena ( sotto ) I wonder why it be , then , thay they have only manage to ship we one token load ? lyra I have notice another curious thing ... ( louder ) May I ask a question ? the group stop and turn to lyra , as seetol display a public relation smile . seetol you be we guest . of course . lyra I be fasciate by the order of you society and I can not help but be impressed by you industry ... you complete dedication ... I mean , one get the feel that this people work until they simply drop ... seetol we know no other way ... lyra well , what of family institution ? I somehow sense that something be miss . seetol we be very complete . lyra what about male ? seetol male ? lyra well , I do not mean to pry , but this be a female culture . surely , there must be male someplace . perhaps you keep they at home , where they belong ... a laugh from a group dominate by male . seetol we do not keep they at all . lyra I beg you pardon ? seetol you be correct . male have they place until they have serve they purpose , and then they have no place in we society . as the implication become clearer , lyra be tear between lividity and a gulp lyra well , there certainly be value system in you order worth look into ... another small , nervous laugh and seetol lead the group on . lyra and Athena quickly lean they head together as they move on . athena she do not mean what it sound like ... lyra remind I not to ask any more question until we be out of here . suddenly , there be a commotion come towards the tour group . four ovion guard be run up the corridon in pursuit . what they be pursue be not clear at first , as the countless ovion worker begin chatter they high - pitch network of communication which drown out a equally high - pitch series of cry . suddenly , it be clear another angle to reveal a small , bark droid racing along the corridor , desperately try to avoid its pursuer lyra be the first to recognize the situation lyra muffy ... muffy quickly stop in its track ... look ...run to lyra and begin a frantic bark lyra muffy ... it 's I . now what be you do ? stop that . the ovion guard rush up and begin to reach for muffy , but he quickly take asylum between lyra 's leg and the wall . lyra it 's all right ... he 's just a droid ... I will take care of he the ovion begin to push lyra out of the way lyra now stop that . I tell you to leave he alone . what be you do ? seetol quickly move up and communicate to the lead guard in high - pitch chatterig . seetol turn a freeze smile to lyra seetol you will have to allow they to take the droid . lyra I will not . he belong to a little boy . the significance of this strike she . she turn to seetol . lyra the little boy ... have they see he ? seetol no ... lyra how do you know ? you have not ask they . ( she turn to the guard ) a small child ... he 's always with the droid . do you see he ? the guard turn quickly to seetol ... say nothing seetol they do see a child . it might be better if you go with they , rather than delay the tour . athena I will go with she . seetol if you wish . the rest of the group must follow I . seetol lead they off . as they depart , a sense of emptiness befall Athena and lyra lyra maybe you should stay with they . I do not like the feel of this . athena at least I be a train warrior . lyra a little outnumber , do not you think ? athena well , we be only goig to look for a small child . let 's not let we imagination run wild . lyra exactly . well , gentleman , after you ... the ovion guard gesture for they to lead off in another direction , exchange quick personal look . they start to lead , muffy run along beside they . on the tour tram racing along its course on its roof starbuck and skyler hang on skyler you all right ? starbuck beat walk back ... maybe . skyler one thing 's bother I . starbuck now you tell I . what be it ? skyler you notice that people get on this thing ... starbuck how could I help it ? they must average three hundred pound . skyler something that girl say . they be all put on inordinate weight . if you be import people for slave labor , why bother let they get fat ? it 's a waste of food . starbuck and why let them win money ? it 's a waste of time . a heave look cross starbuck 's face skyler starbuck ... starbuck yeah ...? skyler skip it ... it 's too ugly ... on starbuck 's worried face as the vehicle roll off through the canyon towards its curious destination a ovion corridor Athena and lyra be be escort up to a cell block . they begin to hear the eerie , dsiquieting moan athena what 's that awful sound ? lyra I would not ask , if I be you . suddenly , lyra turn and stop dead in she track , startle beyond belief . Athena scream ... point of view the cell contain a crush of live being pack together . muffy being to bark . the ovion shove the two lady ahead and past the cell window as we hear a small voice barely discernable boxey muffy ... they have reach another cell . boxey stand at the window . the room be obviously identical to the one adjacent to it , save for boxey . a aperture in the wall beside the window be open . muffy charge in and jump up on boxey . seetol Inside ... lyra look ... I have no intention ... she do not finish the sentence . she be hurl into the aperture and catapult into the glass room through some kind of vacuum device in the aperture . Athena begin to scream . it be lose in a hiss of steam as she be push into the aperture . seetol nod for the ovion guard to close the aperture . as the nearest guard be about to do so , muffy turn he head , look , and streak through the open , out of the cell , between the leg of the guard , and up the corridor seetol ( a high - pitch , frantic demand ) the guard streak up the corridor in pursuit of muffy in another ovion chamber the tram have come to a stop inside a large , dark area . a row of ovion guard , well - armed and move in a most businesslike fashion , move up to form a rank just ooutside of the tram . a device be attach to the door of the tram , open it with a hiss . the first of several hefty passenger step out into the room , gaze around in wonder and some consternation . seetol please move quickly . seetol gesture towards a move ramp which disappear into a cell - like entrance . obese man # 1 look , fella , up ' till now , this have be a pretty nice trip , but that bus be as hot as anything I have ever be in ... seetol please move along ... obese man # 2 no , now you just hold on . we do not intend ... suddenly , two ovion guard shove the two man onto the ramp , send they fly unceremoniously into a heap . behind they , the other ovion pick up the signal and abandon all decorum and pretense , shove the next people along with the barrel of they weapon . the woman immediately begin to scream , as they find themselves hurl into the load mechanism which carry the frighten , scramble visitor through the wall towards the unknown ... on the top of the tram skyler and starbuck stare in amazement at the spectacle skyler ( sotto ) the party 's over ... starbuck we gotta ' do something ... skyler there 's a army of they ... we have gotta ' keep from get catch ... skyler begin to edge back away from the side of the bus use for unload . he peer over the edge ... point of view two ovion guard ... preoccupy closer on the guard chuckle in high - pitch frequency over the way the live cargo be be unload . to they back , starbuck and skyler slide off of the roof , down the side of the tram , and slip stealthily vack into the darken recess of the chamber . on muffy racing through the corridor with ovio guard chase he on the MAIN mining chamber as starbuck and skyler step out of the shadow of a tributary corridor and gaze around the immense digging in amazement starbuck it 's huge ... skyler and this be just one level . you notice something else ...? starbuck ovion be do the mining . skyler right ... starbuck which mean ...? skyler it 's awful , starbuck . that casino be a feedlot . starbuck contemplate what skyler be say starbuck come on ... skyler they be a race of cannibal . they be draw in creature from all over the star system , fatten they up with indulgence , then ... starbuck I think I would run into just about everything ... now what do we do ? we have get to tell the fleet about this place . skyler ( onimously ) they know about it . look. across the mine a group of tourist from the fleet be be escort guide ... large tylium mine in the star system ... starbuck what be they do here ? skyler whatever it be , it look voluntary . come on ... skyler step out ito the light of the corridor and start towards the tour starbuck where be you go now ? they be go to see ... seetol and two ovion guard round the corner , almost collide with skyler and starbuck . the guard raise they weapon . skyler Excuse we ... we just get separate from we group . skyler gracefully oush the muzzle of the close guard 's weapon out of the way as he point after the tour just about to move out of the main room starbuck ( to seetol ) we would better hurry along or there 's no tell where we will end up ... skyler and starbuck nerve they way past the ovion who stare after they , not quite sure what to make of the situation . as skyler and starbuck rapidly approach the distant tour , they story being to make visibile sense , and seetol turn from the tour and continue on she way with the guard on either side of she . on the tour as skyler and starbuck catch up , steal a look back over they shoulder . as the tour move into a elevator ... jensing where would you boy come from ? you have miss most of the tour . starbuck we have see quite a lot , actually . in the elevator jensing you be lucky you do not miss the next stop . we be guest of honor at a banquet skyler and starbuck exchange know look inside the emperor' room lotay kneel before baltar , who be flanke by the two centurian lotay a mere token force remain in the fleet of ship above carillon , and Commander adama be now we guest . baltar where ? lotay where he will not be disturb . baltar excellent , lotay . as to the Warrior , until we have disarm they , I want as many of they relegate to a single chamber as possible . a centurian step forward . centurian by you command , baltar . it be time to call in the cylon war machine . baltar think about it baltar yes , you be right ... but only on my term . centurian and what be you term ? baltar a arangement I have work out very carefully on a cylon home base somewhere in deep space inside the imperious leader' inner chamber a centurian enter the large oom and cross to the throne centurian by you command ... imperious leader speak ... centurian baltar send a demand for the base Star station at quasar 47 for immediate assault on the human fleet . imperious leader I will send he ten base star . centurian he will accept only one . imperious leader indeed ... and what be this bargain that I must accept ...? in the banquet room the tour arrive with starbuck and skyler . Music and a general air of decadence , dissipation , the order of the day starbuck would you look at this ... they be have a party ... skyler move to Anton , who appear to be slightly drunk . he laugh robustly , a golden goblet in one hand , a large fowl leg in the other skyler Count Anton ... what 's happen ? why be all this people here ? carillon be suppose to be a work stop . anton ah , Commander adama 's elite corps . of course you boy want all this to yourselves . well , I be afraid this be a democracy ... skyler it 's go to be a debacle if you do not get this people out of here . a ovion servant seem to be take a inordinate amount of time refilling the wine glass around Anton . skyler turn from he , place a arm around aton to lead he off . anton Lieutenant , in case you have not hear , you be drape yourself all over a member of the quorum of the twelve skyler unless you want the shortest term in history , we would better talk . anton I do not like you tone . starbuck you be not go to like what we be go to tell you , either ... Anton study starbuck 's deliberate and penetrate gaze . he cannot dismiss this most celebrate young warrior . anton Lieutenant starbuck , I have never be particularly fond of you bravado escapade . this have better be important . they move off together . in they wake , the ovion servant move quickly off to speak to a guard at the door . the guard immediately depart . in the corner of the room anton now , then ... what 's this all about ? skyler starbuck and I just return from a patrol . what we have see convince we that the ovion will never allow a single human to leave here alive . anton you be not serious . what possible motive could they have for want we all dead ? I suppose you be go to tell I they be part of the cylon Alliance . skyler worse ... on skyler and starbuck from across the room as skyler 's lip blurt out the rest of the story , we can see Anton pale as the detail be reveal in the emperor' room seetol confront baltar baltar who be this two Warrior who be cause the disturbance ? describe they to I . on the bridge of the galactica bridge officer the livery ship have return to the fleet , sir , and we have all but complete board the food store . tigh very good . what about tylium ? bridge officer nothing . the ovion be definitely stalling we on that . tigh it 's as if they want to keep we here as long as possible . do you see Commander adama ? bridge officer no , sir . I do not realize he would go down to the surface . tigh that 's odd ... voice Sir , long - range scanner be pick up a large number of ship enter we vector . tigh how long will it take they to reach we coordinate ? voice they be travel very fast ... no more than a milliton . tigh recall all personnel from the surface . connect I with Commander adama . in a ovion corridor skyler move hurriedly along with a large party from the banquet . as they appraoch another chamber , another group exit with starbuck , and from across the corridor , a thrid group exit . the entire cluster move increasingly faster up the corridor skyler do not panic , people . starbuck , hold they back . they be go to get hurt . but there be no contain they as they begin to hurry towards the elevator , push and shove . anton please , please , lady and gentleman . if we just keep together and do not push ... but Anton be push down , submerge into a gaggle of humanity crush towards the elevator . skyler to starbuck catch up in the traffic skyler it 's no use , starbuck . let them go . let 's round up all we pilot . close on lotay in the emperor' room lotay we have monitor the Colonial frequency . the Warrior be be recall . baltar then they know . seal the chamber at once . no one be to leave . lotay turn and exit hurriedly on the bridge of the galactica Close on a scanner read -out , revealing he silhouette of a cylon fighter bridge officer scanner read approach ship as cylon class c. Three - man fighter / bomber designate tigh Range ... bridge officer less than a micron tigh pound he fist in frustration tigh why have not we hear anything from adama ? tigh look troubled in the ovion chamber people run in all direction . scream as laser shot blast the wall all around they on starbuck fire at the ovion guard on the guard as several plummet off the walkway into the mineshaft in the center of the large room starbuck surround by people at the elevator starbuck come on , come on ... let 's move ... pilot it 's no use ... the elevator be not work . a fighter pilot run up beside starbuck pilot # 2 starbuck , I find most of the guy from Red squadron starbuck well , where be they ? pilot # 2 seal in a chamber and they have cut off the power to the door suddenly , a single cell , high up in a corridor come to life , revealing a image of baltar . the image be repeat in countless cell down the corridor and the voice seem to reverberate from throughout the entire complex baltar people of the colony ... throw down you weapon ... baltar in he Emperor 's room , address a scanner baltar I offer you salvation . surrender or perish . you Commander have make he choice ... adama strain against the shackle that imprison he . adama baltar ... you dare to live ... to walk amongst man ... baltar my dear adama , provincial to the end . I offer you people life . you have but a few micron to decide . even I could not call off the cylon destroyer -- once they reach you people huddle in that helpless , miserable ship . adama what trahery have you in store for you race this time ? baltar my dear man , treachery be a matter of perspective . it be the cylon who wish we dead , not i. adama how long have you be support they war machine by sell they tylium ? baltar if not from I , then some other source . they would not be deny . adama be you so much a fool that you believe you can trust they ? baltar I be prepare to continue to offer they tylium from the planet carillon in return for you life . if they reject my offer , I will destroy the planet . not difficult , consider it 's largely compose of the most combustable material know to man . adama you expect I to accept slavery for we people ... baltar you be not alone amongst my prisoner . you daughter ... baltar look off as Athena and boxey be escort by two cylon guard . Athena run from they into he arm athena Father ... adama 's hope sink in response to the omnipoent threat baltar you must make the choice . life ... or death for she and the boy ... and for you people . you have not much time . if you have to choose to live by the time the cylon reach you , I will let you die . all of you . on the cylon warrior as they streak ever closer on starbuck and skyler at one end of the tunnel barrier lead out , countless colonial , man and woman , surround the pair , press to escape starbuck stay back ... starbuck raise he sidearm , direct it towards the door skyler back , everyone ... starbuck fire . sheet of fire streak for the door , erupting in explosive direct hit . skyler run forward and try the door to no avail . it remain impenetrable skyler it 's no good ... cries of anguish and dispair engulf the desperate human as they realize they be hopelessly trap . on adama adama all right ... we will surrender athena Father ...no ... adama direct a lethal tone at Athena adama we have no choice ( he turn to baltar ) what do you want I to do ? baltar communicate with you fleet to send the remain Warrior to the surface . adama very well ... athena no , Father ... I can not let you do it ... adama Athena , you mother 's life , and Zac 's ... and how many million more already crush I with they unholy weight . I can not accept responsibilitiy for one more soul . ( back to baltar ) I will do as you ask . on the bridge of the galactica adama 's image appear on the scanner adama dispatch the last of we Warrior to the surface , Colonel ... tigh look at adama in dismay tigh but , Commander , that will leave we without any defense whatsoever . adama Colonel , it be only for a matter of micron . we will rotate Blue and Green squadron back upon they arrival . tigh but I really ... adama Colonel , that be a order . adama out . on adama in the cylon chamber Athena cannout believe she ear . she break into tear . baltar break into a smile on the bridge of the galactica tigh pace uneasily away from the Bridge Officer who look after he with anxious anticipation . tigh open a envelope and read its content . bridge officer at least the man will appreciate a chance to get in on the party down there ... tigh there in sot go to be any party , ensign . tell the squadron to prepare for full battle attack . bridge officer but the Commander ... tigh be merely give I the code operative for this seal order . he pass they to the Bridge Officer , who read they and pale bridge officer he can not mean it ... tigh he mean it . we be to attack he position with everything we have . on the ready room as the battle claxon sound . pilot jump to they foot and scurry out in the launching bay as pilot and crewmen scramble for the stand ship on the launch tube as wave after wave of fighter streak out to they appoint target on adama and baltar as a centurian enter centurian prisoner have be freed from they detention cell by two Colonial Warrior . baltar turn quickly baltar nothing they bring with they will penetrate the outer lock . we will deal with we two heros later . first , we will need all of or force on the surface to give we arrive Warrior a surprise reception . baltar exit , leavig adama and Athena alone with the ovion Guards . athena two heroes ... risk they life to free the prisoner . it have to be starbuck and skyler ... and for what ? to be sell out ? I do not believe it . I know you too well . adama say nothing , he eye shifting to the watchful ovion in the tunnel starbuck and skyler lead they band of colonial down a corridor . suddenly , they stop as they reach a intersect corridor and duck back . momentarily a group of ovion soldier rush by . skyler where be they go in such a hurry ? starbuck to look for we ... skyler uh-uh . I gotta believe they know right where we be . starbuck what else could it be ? in the AIR a squadron of cylon fighter approach the surface of carillon on greenbean in he cockpit greenbean ready attack formatio . lock and load weaponry . he push a series of button in he cockpit insert light turn red on several panel display weapon indicator on the surface of the planet wave of ovion leave the security of they subterranean chamber to take up positon of ambush in and among the rocky terrain on baltar as he enter the cell where Athena and adama be hold captive baltar you last defense now approach out surface like lommon march to they own demise . a unfit end to the great adama 's repute military genius . adama say nothing as , on the surface ... the first of the warrior to reach the landing area and streak in as if to land but instead , deliver full thruster torpedo on the surface as it erupt with resounding explosion , send ovion fly in all direction in baltar' detention cell he spin around in horror as he feel the earth tremble above he on the ceiling as it dance , its assort fixture crash to the ground baltar swing he look back to adama . unbelieve shock fill he face baltar how ? adama I lead my people into you hand once ... not again ... in the corridor on a door lead out as it be blow off of its moorig by the outer explosion . starbuck race up . starbuck Captain ... this way ... the seal be break . on skyler skyler all right , everyone ! let 's go ! on the cylon fighter formation scream across space on the bridge of the galactica tigh and a anxious crew watch the scanner bridge officer cylon attack force close fast ... tigh stand by all defense battery ... Battle station ... as the claxon go off tigh how many pilot leave on board ? bridge officer less than a squadron . tigh they will not last a milliton , but they be all we have . in the ready room a handful of pilot wait nervously . they scramble claxon blare . pilot # 3 come on ... they be kid . where be everybody ? why be not they back ? a second pilot grimly toss a helmet to the first . pilot # 4 look like we be it , kid . they exit . on the surface of carillon as skyler and he man race through the confusion of smoke and fly debris on the ovion recover and take pursuit on skyler' people as they streak for the shuttle on greenbean ship sweeping across the sky , turn the ovion begin fire at skyler 's people greenbean smile as he sweep around and take aim on greenbean ship as it streak down for the cannon run , all weapon fire on the ovion lose in erupting soil skyler and he men resume they dash , streaking for they ship . one by one , they reach they . the ovion rise up to take pursuit . this time , they be outgun skyler' ship face the ovion . he fire he cannon from the ship 's stand position the ovion have not get a chance . the firepower overwhelm they . skyler let 's get out of here . he punch some combination . his rocket engine roar to life on the bridge of the galactica voice thirty milliton and count ... twenty-nine ...twenty-eight ... tigh turn to adama bridge officer I be afraid there 's no hope , colonel ... six against a hundred ... tigh order they out to engage the cylon ... bridge officer Launch fighter ... on the galactica as she six fighter blast out of they tube into the sky on the cylon streaking in inside the cylon craft three centurian centurian six Colonial fighter approach ... engage and destroy ... on skyler' squadron lift up from carillon jolly Captain ... pick up fighter from the galactica . they be under attack . on skyler skyler kick in you turbos , boy , and let 's goooooooo ...... skyler punch up the combination ... a mighty blast rock the ship ... on skyler' ship as it streak off at flank speed , the other eight ship hard on he tail on a Mass of survivor as they scramble for the access . lyra move up . lyra no sign of Commander adama , Athena , the boy , or boomer . starbuck we can not wait . we have get to get this people off the planet . suddenly , lyra react lyra do you hear that ? a small droid dog be bark in the middle of the crush . starbuck hear it ... I feel it ... starbuck look downo to find the small droid pull on he leg starbuck what in the ... the small droid release starbuck 's leg and move off , stop to bark back at starbuck . lyra it 's muffit . he want we to follow he . starbuck we do not have time . someone have to get that people shuttle out of here . lyra you go on ahead . I be go to follow he . starbuck no --- you be not . lyra yes , I be . he know where the boy be . he 's program to protect he . starbuck start after muffy . starbuck all right , I will follow he . you get this people out of here . this have better be good , pal ... on the cylon centurian as the Colonial figher race ahead of they centurian Flight Zebet engage fighter ... remain flight continue on to destroy the fleet ... on the cylon fighter as they break off from the main body and begin fire on the approach Colonial fighter two of the colonial fighter explode into infinity on the first pass . the remain four streak off and divide for a second encounter on the bridge of the galactica bridge officer Fifteen micron ... ten ...nine ... tigh Sir , Blue squadron approach the fleet . all eye swing to the large window to space blue squadron sweeping up to meet the invade cylon skyler bandit at twelve o'clock , boy . let 's go get them ... jolly scan the horizon . the sky start to explode with fireballs . greenbean my favorite odd ...impossible ... yaaahooo ... on the bridge of the galactica bridge officer can they stop they ? tigh they can slow they down .. until the other get here . on the surface of carillon people run frantically for the shuttle craft . pilot , civiliain ... all manner of survivor in the emperor' room baltar stand amidst he two cylon centurian , admire the sound of war , and the sight on he long - range scanner . baltar adama , you have win the battle , but now you must lose the war . the centurian raise he laser pistol , direct it at adama and Athena . in the sub chamber muffy streak around a corner , pull away from starbuck , who desperately attempt to catch up . starbuck would you slow down a little ? on a ovion guard move hurriedly along a corridor . he spot muffy ... take dead aim , and fire . muffy as the shot miss , but scare the little droid into double he speed starbuck stop and fire at the ovion . the ovion explode , he many arm fly as the creature spill off the walkway into the deep mine shaft . starbuck resume he chase . inside the emperor' room -- baltar baltar remove she ... and the other ... the two centurian begin to remove Athena , boxey and adama . suddenly , the small droid charge into the chamber , bark . boxey muffy !!! baltar get he ... as the centurian start for the little droid , the droid wheel around and race back out the door , baltar and the centurian in pursuit . on muffy as he race up the corridor on baltar as he race out of the chamber , raise a sidearm and fire on muffy as the blast ignites under he , send he fly into the air starbuck be startle to see what 's happen . he race towards muffy . on baltar he take dead aim adama lunge at baltar , deflect he shot on starbuck as the blast from baltar 's laser destroy the wall beside he . starbuck be jolted back into action . baltar raise he weapon at adama and be suddenly blast off he foot . the two centurian raise weapon . on starbuck as he fire into the centurian , send they fly into the pit on athena as she charge into the arm of starbuck and begin to sob starbuck it 's all right ... it 's all right ... on boxey as he run from the door to the crush form of muffy boxey muffy ... starbuck turn to look boxey muffy ... as the boy start to cry , starbuck pull he loose starbuck we have to leave he ... boxey no ... adama Lieutenant , there be other prisoner up that corridor . we have to let they out . starbuck you go on ahead , sir . you be need on the galactica . we have get to go , son . this tylium mine be on fire . it 's like a giant bomb ... boxey I will not leave muffy . starbuck all right , tell you what . you take this pretty lady out to safety ! I will bring muffy when I be finish . deal ? boxey deal ! boxey take Athena 's hand and lead she off as starbuck pick up the limp form of muffy . adama do not be long , starbuck . it 's go to blow up . starbuck I will be all right . starbuck race back up the corridor on skyler in he cockpit skyler look out on you wing , jolly . on jolly jolly which one ? they be come in from all over the place . a blast rock jolly 's ship skyler so be we ... he turn and look point of view - of the galactica launching countless more ship the flight deck as countless pilot streak from the shuttle on the bridge of the galactica tigh be monitoring all the radio traffic - as adama enter and give he a grim look . the two man embrace . the bridge officer suddenly turn , excited bridge officer two more shuttle just reach the galactica , sir . the look of hope from everyone as : adama I think the odd be turn in we favor now . on a wall of flame as starbuck stop and listen . he hear cry of anguish beyond the flame . he raise he hand over he face and charge through . on the windowed cell contain the mass of people from the casino de festive . boomer 's face be press agaisnt the front of the glass . he seem almost comatose . starbuck stop dead in he track as he see the sight before he . he stare in disbelief as boomer fail to respond . starbuck move to the lock entry beside the window and raise he laser gun , fire a blast into the lock . the door spring open and people flood out . starbuck move to boomer 's side . starbuck boomer ... boomer ... boomer look up , see starbuck 's face ... and smile boomer how much do you win ? boomer pass out . starbuck pick he up and put he over he shoulder and move he off in the fireman 's carry . outside the galactica as more reinforcement scream into the sky on a cylon cockpit as they turn to see a viper ship . it 's the last thing they do see . on the cylon fighter as it explode into smitherine on the galactica flight deck adama any word from the last of we people down on carillon ? tigh last shuttle just leave the surface , sir . adama brace himself hopefully . adama I hope he make it . in the catapult deck as countless pilot scramble to they ship outside the galactica flight deck as three more ship fire off into space , roll off into battle on skyler firig on a cylon ship blow up on greenbean fire on a cylon ship blowing up on a cylon centurian centurian return to base ... return to base ... all ship ... but he do not finish the phrase as he ship explode into a billion fragment skyler we have get them on the run , boy . do not let them get away this time ... on the cylon turn for home on the colonial warrior take up pursuit on the bridge of the galactica tigh move up tp adama tigh Word from the last shuttle , sir ... ( he break into a grin ) Lieutenant starbuck be aboard ... adama smile adama we be go to make it , Colonel . we be go to make it . on the shuttle leave the surface of carillon ... far below inside the shuttle many of the survivor from the casino . at the control , starbuck . with he , boomer and , oddly enough , pan back to the far corner , a female sing group with multiple eye and mouth . boomer you do not !!! starbuck ( innocently ) I could not very well leave they behind ... starbuck glance out the window on carillon as it explode into billion of tiny torch which quickly spin off through space and dissipate into blackness . on the bridge of the galactica tigh Commander ... adama look out into the starfield , nodd he comprehension ... adama I see it . tigh the final end of Count baltar and he treachery adama shake he head grimly . adama no ... I be afraid he treachery will haunt the human race for millennium . but out of it , perhaps there will come some good . a place for we out there in the Universe where we can seek after man 's potential for good , for peace , for love . a place for we with we brother and sister ... on a planet call ... Earth . on the fleet as it move by and we superimpose the legend : " the beginning " fade out the end