battleship potemkin scenario and script by sergei eisenstein part one : men and maggot a huge wave break violently over the jetty , raise a sparkling fountain of spray , and flow turbulently over the stone on the shore . Wave after wave break over the jetty , ever more violently , and flow over the stone on the shore , ever more turbulently . the raging sea boil . [ title : ] revolution means war . this -- this be the one lawful , reasonable and just , truly great war of all the war that history have known . in russia this war have be declare and begun " [ lenin : collect Works , vol. 9 , P. 212 . ] its stark , geometrical beauty distinguishing it , a powerful battleship lie in the anchorage . on the battleship , a sailor ascend a ladder . he be quickly approach by another . [ title : ] the sailor matyushenko and vakulinchuk matyushenko speak urgently to vakulinchuk : [ title : ] ' we , the sailor of the potemkin , must support the worker , we brother , and must stand in the front rank of the revolution . ' vakulinchuk answer he in agitation and quickly descend the ladder . by night , the silhouette of the battleship stand out starkly and majestically in the anchorage . [ title : ] the off -duty watch in deep sleep the lower deck : pack like sardine in a tin , the sleep sailor lie in canvas hammock . they sleep in uncomfortable position and breathe noisily . one sleep sailor , another , a third , a fourth , a fifth . a fat boatswain with a brutal face descend the ladder into the lower deck and look with malice at the sleep sailor . he thread he way through the canvas hammock and mistrustfully survey the sleep sailor . he allow he gaze to rest on one of the sleep man . continue to thread he way through the canvas hammock , he shift he gaze quickly from one sleep sailor to another . [ title : ] vigilant , but clumsy unexpectedly , he slip and almost fall . [ title : ] he vent he anger on a young man furiously , the boatswain raise he arm and lash the naked back of a young sailor with he pipechain . the young sailor awaken , look uncomprehendingly at the boatswain and speak out in surprise . the boatswain look impudently at the young sailor and play with the chain . the young sailor , stiff with rage and resentment , stare hotly at the depart boatswain , turn over with hatred , and throw he face violently against he pillow . the muscle of he naked back twitch . [ title :] indignantly his neighbor lay a sympathetic hand on he shoulder and point out to he the figure of vakulinchuk on one side . [ title : ] vakulinchuk amidst the canvas hammock , naked to the waist , vakulinchuk , hold a leaflet in he hand , speak with passion and resolution to the sailor : [ title : ] ' comrade , the time have come when we must speak out . ' vakulinchuk 's whole body breathes hatred . the sailor awaken one by one . vakulinchuk turn to the sailor with the appeal : [ title : ] ' what be we wait for ? all Russia have rise . be we to be the last ? ' he continue he speech passionately . a sailor with a sickly face assent to everything he say , and a sailor with a big moustache impatiently interrupt he and demand the beginning , of action . again , the sailor with the sickly face utter a few fight word . firmly and manfully , vakulinchuk call for battle . again , the sailor with the big moustache demand the beginning of action . all the sailor listen with attention and fellow - feel to the word of vakulinchuk . [ title : ] morning a gloomy - look officer , he hand in he pocket , walk along the deck . suddenly he notice that a crowd of sailor have gather around a carcass of meat . the crowd of sailor grow larger and larger . a senior officer with a proud , weakly aristocratic face step out of a cabin , and , pompously , he hand clasped behind he back , begin to walk along the deck , but he soon stop and look contemptuously at the sailor surging around the carcass of meat . the eye of the senior officer fill with malice when he notice the figure of vakulinchuk walk past the carcass of meat . the crowd of sailor excitedly inspect the carcass of meat . the senior officer move away and soon reappear on the upper deck , above the head of the sailor . the leg of the approach senior officer draw near to the handrail . the senior officer look at the sailor with such menace that they timidly press closer to one another . the leg of the officer turn away . the senior officer go off , and the crowd of sailor surge with ever - increase movement . [ title : ] ' we have have enough of eat rotten meat ! ' again , the face of the sailor turn with indignation to inspect the carcass of rotten meat . the indignation of the sailor grow . [ title : ] 'a dog would not eat it !' again and again , the face of the sailor turn to inspect the carcass of rotten meat . the crowd of sailor around the carcass bubbles like a whirlpool . the senior officer return -- with the ship 's surgeon , a small short - sighted man , he courage comically mustere . with a authoritative expression , the surgeon examine and sniff at the carcass of rotten meat , turn it over squeamishly . vakulinchuk , stand in front of the sailor , indignantly point out the rotten meat to the surgeon . [ title : ] ship' surgeon smirnov the surgeon heatedly rebut vakulinchuk , but vakulinchuk say bitterly : [ title : ] ' it 's so high it could walk overboard ! ' vakulinchuk look angrily at the surgeon . the surgeon slowly and importantly remove he pince - nez , fold its two eye-piece together , raise they to he eye , and examine the meat through the fold eye-piece of he pince - nez . the meat be visibly infest with maggot . however , the surgeon do not agree with vakulinchuk that the meat be rotten , and agitatedly wave he pince - nez about . [ title : ] ' this be not maggot . ' through the fold eye-piece of the surgeon 's pince - nez , it be evident that the meat be swarm with large maggot . vakulinchuk and the sailor look with fury at the heartless , typically tsarist official , as loathsome himself as a maggot . the surgeon , have assume a air of indifference , replace he pince - nez and , roll he eye , say sharply and dryly to the sailor : [ title : ] ' they be the dead larvae of fly . they can be wash off with vinegar . ' he speak peremptorily , cut the air with he forefinger . then , carefully and fastidiously , he raise the end of the carcass and turn to the senior officer for support . he swing the end of the carcass . the senior officer , interesting himself in the meat , also raise the end of the carcass -- carefully and fastidiously . vakulinchuk knock the end of the carcass out of the surgeon 's hand and say angrily to he : [ title : ] ' Russian prisoner - of - war in Japan eat better than we . ' and , point at the rotten , maggoty meat , he shout : [ title : ] ' we have have enough of eat rotten meat ! ' the surgeon walk away hurriedly , try to pacify the sailor . the senior officer also try to soothe the sailor , but he quickly join the enraged surgeon . the surgeon , break into a violent frenzy , shout : [ title : ] ' the meat be good . there 's nothing more to be say . ' continue to shout angrily , he stand very erect , he hand by the side of he uniform , but , suddenly , from fear , he head sink deeply into he shoulder when he see the sailor , vakulinchuk at they head , move quickly and boldly forward . helplessly , the surgeon jerk up he shoulder , and look for assistance to the senior officer , who maintain a proud and majestic pose . frightened , the surgeon scurries round the back of the senior officer . the senior officer , freeze in he proud and majestic pose , watch contemptuously as the sailor approach . the senior officer calmly and slowly turn he back on they , and move further away with the surgeon . confidently , the sailor follow they . the senior officer and the surgeon depart quickly , and the sailor drop back . the sailor continue to crowd around the carcass of meat . a malicious , fierce - face officer appear and begin to shout at the sailor . [ title :] senior officer gilyarovsky Officer gilyarovsky roughly disperse the crowd of sailor . furiously , he swear at they and shout . then he go up to the boatswain , who proceed himself to drive the sailor away from the carcass of meat . a fat cook sniff squeamishly at the carcass of rotten , maggoty meat and bear it off . in the ship 's galley , he begin to hack at the carcass with a axe . sailor indignantly approach and tell he that the meat be rotten , but he do not stop hack at the carcass . more sailor approach and try to prevent he from hack at the rotten meat . the axe hack the carcass into piece . the sailor try to tear the rotten meat from he , but he swear at they and continue he work . the axe hack the carcass into piece . on deck , the muzzle of a cannon be be clean . seat on the muzzle , a sailor clean it . a clean - rod be push down the muzzle of the cannon . two sailor polish a copper capstan . again , a clean - rod be push down the muzzle of the cannon . the sailor on the muzzle withdraw the clean - rod . two sailor polish a copper capstan . two sailor polish some copper engine - part . a third pair of sailor clean a chain . two sailor polish a copper capstan . one of the two sailor clean the chain stop work and begin to converse with he comrade . borshch from the rotten meat bubbles in a cauldron . in the ship 's mess a detachment of sailor begin to let down the table which hang by rope from the ceiling . one file of sailor leave the ship 's mess , and , then , another . borshch from the rotten meat bubbles in a cauldron . the fat boatswain with the brutal face enter , play with he pipe-chain , and walk between the empty table which swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling , and , with a important air , he stop and give he order . some sailor begin to arrange tureen on the table . the table with the tureen upon they swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling . borshch from the rotten meat bubbles in a cauldron . some sailor can be see through a grate . a group of sailor sit by the edge of one side of the battleship . one of they , hold a dry fish in he hand , talk indignantly . another cut off a piece of black bread . the sailor with the fish be full of anger and hatred . [ title :] impotent FURY sweep over the group of sailor the sailor with the fish fit the head of it beneath a ring on the deck and forcefully tear it off . some sailor can be see through a grate . a pile of salt on a rag and a hunk of black bread . one young sailor snap off a piece of black bread and chew it for he dinner . mug be fill with fresh water from tap . near the pile of salt on the rag and the hunk of black bread -- a mug of water . one young sailor chew , and drink water from the mug . as soon as the young sailor finish drink , he sprinkle salt on the bread , and he neighbor take the mug and drink . senior officer gilyarovsky descend the ladder into the ship 's mess . several sailor stand to attention , but do not salute he . a young sailor salute , and gilyarovsky carelessly wave he hand . frown at gilyarovsky , the young sailor lower he hand . a wick expression on he face , gilyarovsky appear to consider something . the sailor do not meet he eye and quickly go out , one after another . a smile of malicious triumph appear on gilyarovsky 's face . he turn sharply and move rapidly between the table . the table with the tureen upon they swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling . gilyarovsky stop by a cupboard , open the door of it , and incline he head . the table with the tureen upon they swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling . gilyarovsky shake he head significantly . a table laid with empty tureen and with black bread upon it swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling . indignant , gilyarovsky quickly walk out of the ship 's mess . [ title : ] the ship' store some sailor stand by the little window of the ship 's store , buy food . in the window tin of food appear fleetingly in the hand of the sailor . one of the sailor see gilyarovsky approach . gilyarovsky look wickedly at the sailor . his gaze fix tensely upon they , but he turn quickly and depart . the sailor follow gilyarovsky with they eye . when he be no longer in sight , they continue to buy food . on the captain 's bridge , the senior officer with the weakly aristocratic face look through he binocular . gilyarovsky go up to he and report on the behavior of the sailor . together , they descend the ladder , enter the ship 's mess , and walk between the suspend table , consider the situation which have develop . a table laid with empty tureen and with black bread upon it swing rhythmically on rope from the ceiling . the two senior officer , converse all the while , begin to ascend the ladder . the sailor talk uneasily among themselves . the senior officer enter the room next to the ship 's galley and give order to the cook . the cook open the door to the galley , and the cooking range in the galley become visible , and the saucepan , and the other cook at work . the senior officer complete he order to the first cook . the second cook walk out of the galley , salute and report to the senior officer . the senior officer angrily upbraid the first cook . when the second cook have report , the senior officer depart . a young sailor be wash some plate , and another , painstakingly , dry they . dinner for the ' gentleman officer ' be be prepare . the wash and the drying of plate go on . with a characteristic movement , the young sailor wash the plate wipe he nose with he hand . he continue to wash the plate , a second sailor -- to lay the table for dinner , the third -- painstakingly to dry the plate . the young sailor wash the plate continue to hand they to the other young sailor who , painstakingly , dry they . the young sailor wash a earthenware plate , on the rim of which be a circular inscription . he be whistling , but the inscription on the plate attract he attention . he lean he head towards the plate and begin slowly to turn it in he hand . move he head from one side to the other , he read the circular inscription : [ title : ] ' give we this day ' and he repeat this word aloud . continue to revolve the plate in he hand , he read further from the inscription on its rim : [ title : ] ' we daily bread . ' his face break into a scowl . he begin carefully to examine the inscription on the plate . involuntarily repeat the word aloud , he look with loathing at the inscription on the plate , and become thoughtful . revolving the plate rapidly in he hand , he look intently at it and bitterly pronounce the word of the inscription . he raise the plate high and , have sweep he hand down and up , he hurl it violently down and smashes it to piece against the table . the young sailor straighten up and see that the cover on the table for the dinner of the ' gentleman officer ' have be upset . part two : drama on the quarter-deck the bugle sound shrilly and uneasily . see from above -- past the muzzle of the cannon menacingly overhange -- the sailor quickly fill the quarter - deck , form themselves in double file along either side of the deck . at the prow of the battleship the flag of St. Andrew flutter in the wind . the bugler sound he call . the petty officer arrange themselves in single file in front of the sailor . a group of officer fall in behind the hatch in the middle of the deck . [ title :] commander golikov from the hatch appear the figure of Commander golikov , resolutely ascend the ladder . the officer salute he . Commander golikov step onto the deck and salute . he walk up to a capstan and stand upon it . the sailor in they rank stand stiffly to attention , and so do the petty officer . nobody stir . the muzzle of the cannon hang menacingly over the rank . Commander golikov , one hand by the side of he frock - coat , the other behind he back , look threateningly round the motionless row of sailor . the officer be at the salute . restraining he fury , Commander golikov order : [ title : ] ' that satisfied with the borshch -- ' a pause . [ title : ] ' -- two pace forward ! ' he raise a admonish hand . a number of petty officer step hesitantly forward . [ title : ] the petty officer the petty officer who have keep rank falter . after a while , one of they take two step forward . the officer stand motionless , at the salute . only two of the petty officer have keep rank . whereupon , two of the sailor break rank and step forward . Commander golikov , one hand by the side of he frock - coat , the other behind he back , look threateningly about he . a young petty officer , not know what to do , mechanically finger the strap run over he shoulder . the muzzle of the cannon hang menacingly over a motionless rank of sailor . the senior petty officer look apprehensively at the man who have not move . [ title : ] ' come on ! ' the young petty officer , not know what to do , mechanically finger the strap run over he shoulder . enrage , Commander golikov shout : [ title : ] ' hang the rest on the yard - arm ! ' and he point at the mast . a young officer with a small moustache , turn he eye in the direction of the mast , can hardly repress a smile . the word of the Commander strike terror in the heart of the sailor . they turn they head in the direction of the mast . before the eye of one old sailor , there begin to swim the vision of the sailor hang on the yard - arm . the old sailor look fearfully in the direction of the mast . the two petty officer turn they eye towards the mast . one of the petty officer turn towards the other with a nervous smile . Commander golikov shake he hand threateningly . the tensely smile face of the petty officer immediately become serious . Commander golikov fix he eye ominously on the sailor . the petty officer be stiff with fright . Commander golikov shout : [ title : ] ' call out the guard !' and do not remove he gaze from the sailor . see from above -- past the muzzle of the cannon menacingly overhange -- a sailor break rank and quickly run past the gun-turret . [ title :] matyushenko break rank and edge toward the gun -turret matyushenko exhort the sailor . the sailor return and run quickly up to the Commander . matyushenko say to the sailor : [ title : ] ' to the turret ' , and he point at the gun-turret . the sailor convey the message one to another : [ title : ] ' to the turret . ' matyushenko direct the sailor : [ title : ] ' to the turret . ' the sailor quickly convey matyushenko 's direction one to another . the sailor in rank , they face gloomy , stand motionless . see from above -- past the muzzle of the cannon menacingly overhange -- the armed guard , dress in black uniform , move past the gun-turret . two evil - face officer converse agitatedly . beneath the muzzle of the cannon menacingly overhange , past the rank of sailor , the guard move , rifle in hand . the officer exchange glance with one another significantly . the guard pass by the rank of sailor and fail into line in front of the Commander . matyushenko turn to the sailor : [ title : ] ' lad ' he shout : [ title : ] ' it be time !' the sailor break rank and , quickly , accord to matyushenko 's direction , race towards the gun-turret . [ title : ] most of the sailor be gathere by the gun -turret see from above -- past the muzzle of the cannon menacingly overhange -- most of the sailor have gather by the gun-turret , and only a small knot of sailor remain on the prow of the battleship . from this knot of sailor , a number detach themselves and run towards the gun-turret . senior officer gilyarovsky frown viciously . the crowd of sailor be agitate . gilyarovsky , raise he hand , shout at the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship : [ title : ] ' stop ! into rank ! ' the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship look in terror at the infuriate gilyarovsky , and try to run towards the gun-turret , but they be drive back by the officer . the captain of the guard await the order of the Commander . [ title : ] they try to make there way through the admiral' hatch some of the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship advance towards the admiral 's hatch . Commander golikov shout at they in fury : [ title : ] ' back , you villain ! this be no way for you !' and he spring at the sailor with he fist , catch one of they , and hurl he at the foot of the other sailor , and then catch another . the sailor raise they fall comrade . Commander golikov shout at the sailor in fury : [ title : ] ' I will shoot you like dog ! ' and he shake he fist threateningly . the sailor look bitterly at he and rejoin he comrade . senior officer gilyarovsky command the guard to turn about towards the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship , climb up onto the capstan , and , with a triumphant smirk , order : [ title : ] ' cover they with a tarpaulin ! ' Three petty officer break rank . [ title : ] ' aye , aye , sir . ' they come to a halt , salute , then turn and go back , one after another . two more petty officer follow they . a triumphant smirk on he lip , gilyarovsky twirl he moustache . the petty officer take hold of a tarpaulin . gilyarovsky continue to twirl he moustache . the petty officer carry the tarpaulin past the guard . one of the sailor in the guard turn he head and look dejectedly at the tarpaulin . the petty officer continue to carry the tarpaulin past the guard . the sailor in the guard who have look at the tarpaulin turn he head back and stand upright . the petty officer carry the tarpaulin past the guard . the sailor in the guard dejectedly lower he head . the petty officer with the tarpaulin draw close to the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship , throw the tarpaulin down on to the deck and begin to unroll it . the sailor gather by the gun-turret follow tensely the action of the petty officer and the guard . [ title : ] ' cover they ! ' the petty officer unroll the tarpaulin . the knot of sailor remain on the prow of the battleship press themselves in terror against the handrail of the deck , cover they face with they hand . the petty officer raise the tarpaulin and cover the sailor with it . the tarpaulin cover the sailor . the guard stand motionless , rifle at ease . a officer approach . [ title : ] ' attention ! ' the file of petty officer and the officer brace themselves . the sailor in the guard stiffen . the guard stand in front of the knot of sailor cover with the tarpaulin . gilyarovsky run up to the guard . the muzzle of the cannon look menacingly down . the reflection of the battleship dance on the wave . the ship 's priest appear on the deck and raise he hand to the sky . [ title : ] ' Lord , let this sinner understand . ' some of the sailor cover with the tarpaulin fall to they knee . the priest raise he cross and speak . senior officer gilyarovsky order : [ title : ] ' at the tarpaulin -- aim ! ' the sailor in the guard load , and raise they rifle to the shoulder . the sailor in the guard consider with horror the imminent shoot of the knot of sailor cover with the tarpaulin and lower they head . several of the sailor cover with the tarpaulin be on they knee . the head of the sailor in the guard be dejectedly lower , but , on the command , the sailor raise they rifle to the shoulder . Three officer look on tensely . the priest , count off the second , mechanically slap he cross against he palm several time . the face of a young petty officer twitches with fear . tormentedly count off the tense second , he stroke the knife in he belt . gilyarovsky shout furiously . almost all the sailor cover with the tarpaulin have fall to they knee . stand in a row , the officer be motionless . the sailor in the guard level the muzzle of they rifle and aim at the knot of sailor cover with the tarpaulin . the sailor stand near the gun-turret look on with terror as the guard aim they rifle at the knot of sailor cover with the tarpaulin . the priest slap he cross several time more against he palm . it be as if time have stop the deathly hush before the storm . on a life -belt , the clear inscription Prince potemkin tavrichesky . the prow of the battleship -- with a tsarist eagle . the bugler hold he bugle in readiness . the tension be at its peak . vakulinchuk make a decisive movement . [ title : ] vakulinchuk decide gilyarovsky order the guard : [ title : ] ' Fire ! ' vakulinchuk shout to the guard : [ title : ] ' Brothers ! ' with horror on he face , he again shout to the guard : [ title : ] ' who be you shoot at ? ' a sailor in the guard continue to take aim . [ title : ] the rifle waver several sailor in the guard lower they rifle . the incident have reach crisis point . gilyarovsky , raise he fist , shout at the guard in fury : [ title : ] ' shoot ! ' one after another , the sailor in the guard lower they rifle . one of the sailor in the guard do not know what to do . [ title : ] ' shoot ! ' his fist fly , gilyarovsky throw himself at the guard who have refuse to shoot at the sailor on the prow of the battleship , and he shout : [ title : ] ' shoot , you villain ! ' the priest , he cross raise , stiffen with terror . gilyarovsky 's face be distort with rage . the sailor in the guard , one after another , return they rifle to the position at ease , or lower the muzzle . again gilyarovsky shout , and hurl himself at the guard with he fist , and try to snatch one of the sailor 's rifle . matyushenko shout to the sailor : [ title : ] ' seize the rifle , comrade ! ' he race to get a rifle . gilyarovsky snatch the sailor 's rifle . vakulinchuk give order to the sailor . the storm have burst . sailor race for the rifle . sailor encircle gilyarovsky . vakulinchuk shout to the sailor : [ title : ] ' smash the dragon ! smash they !' he shout again : [ title : ] ' smash every one of they ! ' he continue to shout . the sailor remain on the prow of the battleship fling off the tarpaulin and run towards the group of officer . the sailor encircle the officer . one sailor try to snatch gilyarovsky 's rifle . the sailor on the prow of the battleship , have flung off the tarpaulin , run quickly . sailor in the guard raise they rifle . the tarpaulin , pick up by the wind , descend slowly to the deck . the sailor knock the officer down and attack they . sailor with rifle run rapidly around the upper deck . the flag of St Andrew flutter above the fight on the battleship . the sailor attack the officer and the Commander . sailor with rifle run rapidly around the deck . sailor rush to the armory , and one of they quickly dispense rifle to the sailor who come run up , one after another without interruption . gilyarovsky and Commander golikov start to descend the admiral 's hatch , but golikov be seize by sailor . elsewhere , sailor attack a officer . golikov throw off the sailor . the sailor knock the officer down onto the tarpaulin . elsewhere , matyushenko , with other sailor , attack a group of petty officer . the flag of St Andrew flutter . near the admiral 's hatch , the young officer with the small moustache repel the sailor ' attack . sailor with rifle run rapidly around the deck . the sailor roll the officer up in the tarpaulin . rifles , one after another , be pass through to the sailor who come run up . the sailor roll the officer up in the tarpaulin . gilyarovsky , armed with a rifle , chase after vakulinchuk . vakulinchuk climb across a circular bastion and let himself drop , try to hide from he . from a hatch protrude a hand with a crucifix , stand out clearly against the background of the grate . vakulinchuk , raise himself slightly , grasp the handrail near the hatch . from the hatch appear the figure of the priest , cross in hand , ascend the ladder . vakulinchuk look at he uncomprehendingly . the priest speak to he : [ title : ] ' fear God , ' and stretch out the cross to he . the crucifix stand out against the background of the grate . matyushenko and he comrade attack the officer . vakulinchuk shout at the priest : [ title : ] ' get out of the way , you sorcerer ! ' and he push he down . running up , gilyarovsky raise the butt of he rifle against vakulinchuk , but vakulinchuk seize the rifle and try to tear it from he . the sailor roll the officer up in the tarpaulin . he resist , clutching at a ring on the deck . vakulinchuk and gilyarovsky fight for possession of the rifle . the officer let go of the ring . the sailor drag he away from it . for a moment appear the leg of vakulinchuk and gilyarovsky , fight for possession of the rifle . vakulinchuk run down the ladder , but , again , for a moment appear the leg of vakulinchuk and gilyarovsky , fight for possession of the rifle . on the deck , the crowd of sailor continue to attack the officer . the priest , step out of the hatch , extend he cross to vakulinchuk . at that moment , gilyarovsky seize the rifle from vakulinchuk . the crucifix fall and stick upright into the floor of the deck . the priest fall into the hatch and , hit he head against a pipe , lose consciousness . vakulinchuk quickly run down the ladder into the hatch , chase by gilyarovsky . vakulinchuk turn , see the crucifix stick into the floor of the deck , and run on . through the ship 's galley a officer run , seek safety from the sailor . up onto the wardroom piano a officer clamber , struggle with the sailor pursue he . he tread on the key and on the candelabra , and , have get on top of the piano , he fire he revolver at the sailor , but the sailor pursue he drag he down from the piano , upturn he . a officer hang by he hand from the muzzle of a cannon . in the wardroom , the sailor beat the officer against the floor . on one side of the battleship , a officer notice a sailor swarm along a ladder in pursuit of he . the officer , seek safety from the sailor , clamber up the side of the battleship , clutching at the holdfast , but the sailor 's leg kick he over the head . the officer clamber back , and the sailor descend after he . in the wardroom , the sailor continue to attack the officer . two sailor run up the ladder to a hatch . on the side of the battleship , the sailor , descend by the holdfast , again kick the officer over the head . in the wardroom , a sailor attack the officer with a music-stool . hanging over the arm of a chair , only the hand of the dead officer can be see . on the side of the battleship , the sailor propel the officer into the sea . the water receive the officer greedily . on a life - belt , the clear inscription : ' Prince potemkin tavrichesky . ' sailor with rifle run rapidly around the deck . with the butt of he rifle , a sailor attack a officer who have run to the end of the muzzle of a cannon . the officer lose balance , somersault in the air , and fall into the sea , where he struggle to get out . smirnov , the small , short - sighted ship 's surgeon , try to conceal himself behind a row of hose - pipe , but he be detect and encircle by sailor , who drag he away . he cling helplessly to a rope . the sailor try to tear he from the rope , and they carry he away , head downward , the rope trail after he , down a metal ladder . in he deathly fear he clutches with he hand at the step . the priest , fall into the hatch , open one eye for a instant and close it . smirnov cling with he hand to the step . on the ladder , the leg of the sailor and of the struggle officer . on the deck , sailor with rifle hunt down the flee officer . ship 's surgeon smirnov be snatch up by a couple of sailor . with a swing , they hurl he overboard . head downward , he fly through the air and fall into the sea , raise a fountain of spray and foam . [ title : ] go and feed you maggot at the bottom of the sea ! and on a cable hang the pince - nez of ship 's surgeon smirnov -- that same pince - nez through which , with indifference , he regard the maggoty meat . on the deck , the sailor continue to attack the officer . [ title : ] ' comrade ! the ship be in we hand ! ' the sailor on the deck throw they cap high in the air with joy . the smashed key of the piano : evidence of the struggle in the wardroom . on the deck , the sailor continue to hunt down the officer . [ title : ] flowing with blood , vakulinchuk seek safety from the bestial gilyarovsky . .. gilyarovsky watch closely , as vakulinchuk climb onto a yard - arm and move along it . gilyarovsky , he rifle in he hand , draw closer to vakulinchuk , not once lowering he gaze from he . vakulinchuk look at gilyarovsky . gilyarovsky turn , take cover behind a buttress , aim with he rifle at vakulinchuk on the yard - arm , carefully screwing up one eye , and he fire . vakulinchuk clutches the back of he head with he hand . gilyarovsky look at vakulinchuk . vakulinchuk , mortally wounded , fall from the yard - arm and , catch hold of some rope , slip down the rope into the cradle they form above the sea . the sailor on the deck throw they cap high in the air with joy . the rope descend on a pulley , and the unconscious vakulinchuk slip down towards the sea in the cradle they form . a sailor shout : [ title : ] ' vakulinchuk 's overboard ! ' and run along the yard - arm , follow by a second sailor , and a third . grasp the rope , they hasten to the aid of vakulinchuk . vakulinchuk lie on he back in the cradle of rope , he head hang down . [ title : ] ' save vakulinchuk ! ' the sailor jump into the water . vakulinchuk hang over the cradle of rope above the water , and he fall into the sea . the sailor quickly swim towards the sink vakulinchuk . the sailor slowly carry the body of the dead vakulinchuk up the gangway . [ title : ] and he who be the first to take up the cry of rebellion be the first to fall at the hand of the executioner a cutter , with sailor in file on either side of the deck and with the body of vakulinchuk on high , move [ title : ] toward the shore the passage of the cutter , with the body of vakulinchuk , hero and victim of the rebellion , on high give impetus and intensity to the noble spirit of mourn and triumph which prevail . [ title :] odessa on the still quay in the moonlight : a solitary tent . [ title : ] the tent at the end of odessa' new jetty -- vakulinchuk's last resting place in the tent lie the body of vakulinchuk . a inscription on a sheet of paper : ' on account of a spoonful of borshch . ' in he hand be a light candle . his body be turn towards the town , which be visible in the distance through the open in the tent . first , the cutter pass before the tent , then a large sailing - ship head in a different direction float by and obscure the view of the town . part three : the dead man cry for for vengeance moonlight play upon the water . [ title :] mist swirl up from the night in the bay , ship wrap in thick mist . the turgid wave splash gently . seagull on a buoy , alarmed , take wing . the turgid wave splash gently . the bay be full of ship . Dawn . Beyond the corpse of vakulinchuk , in whose hand a light candle burn , can be see the distant town . a flag of mourn flutter on top of the tent . near the tent , absorb and indifferent , a fisherman fish from the jetty . a large , ocean-going vessel tower above . [ title : ] voice from the jetty make themselves heard through the mist poorly dress man and woman and child begin to move towards the tent contain the body of vakulinchuk . Beyond the corpse of vakulinchuk , the light candle in he hand , the town can be see in the distance . a old woman enter the tent and straighten the light candle in vakulinchuk 's hand . all who approach , approach the tent -- man and woman . insensible to everything , two fisherman fish . the light candle in the hand of the dead vakulinchuk . the crowd around the tent quickly grow larger . two noblewoman , wear expensive white dress and carry elegant white umbrella , peep curiously into the tent . the sail of a nearby ship be put up . [ title : ] and together with the SUN the news break on the town ! at first empty , the long , narrow step lead down to the harbor quickly fill with move people . [ title : ] the battleship in the anchorage the multitude descend the long , narrow step . [ title : ] the rebellion along the bridge , quietly and purposefully , flow the stream of people . [ title : ] the shore along the harbor flow the stream of people . [ title : ] the murdered sailor the crowd around the tent contain the body of vakulinchuk quickly grow . Men and woman regard the murder man , then pass on . a small boy walk past the corpse of vakulinchuk and place a coin in the sailor 's cap lie on a barrel . in the hand of vakulinchuk , the candle burn . the sailor 's cap on the barrel be fill with coin . near the tent , a student deliver a fiery speech . along the jetty flow the vast stream of people . the multitude descend the long , narrow step by the bridge . the endless stream of people flow along the jetty . descend by both the step which lead from the bridge to the harbor , the stream of people surge thickly and excitedly under the arch of the bridge . a vast , solid crowd surround the tent contain the body of vakulinchuk . a woman turn to the crowd : [ title : ] ' let we not forget he ! ' and she point to the corpse of vakulinchuk . the inscription on a sheet of paper : ' on account of a spoonful of borshch . ' angrily , the woman say : [ title : ] ' on account of a spoonful of borshch . ' a young man in a sailor 's sweater agitatedly read a address to the crowd : [ title : ] ' people of odessa ! before we lie the body of the brutally murder sailor , grigory vakulinchuk -- murder by a senior officer of the squadron battleship , " Prince tavrichesky . " let we have we revenge on the bloodthirsty vampire ! death to the oppressor ! sign by the crew of the squadron battleship , " Prince tavrichesky " . ' the people listen to he avidly . woman stand near the tent weep . a old woman kneel by the corpse of vakulinchuk and kiss he hand . the body of vakulinchuk with the light candle in he hand . the old woman weep . a old man in pince - nez look grievously at the murder vakulinchuk . two old woman kneel by the corpse . a supercilious - look man smoke unconcernedly , and look on with a smirk when a woman fall to the ground in grief . [ title : ] a lasting monument to the fallen warrior ! woman begin to sing . [ title : ] all for one the whole crowd begin to sing . [ title : ] one the dead vakulinchuk with the light candle in he hand . [ title : ] for all a vast crowd around the tent . two blind woman sing . a woman weep . the whole crowd with head bent in woe . tear form in the eye of a dock -worker . a man nervously touch he forage - cap . the dock - worker weep , cover he face with he hand . the student deliver he speech . [ title : ] ' down with the butcher ! ' the crowd be agitate . a fist be clench in hatred . the crowd listen to the speaker . a clench fist . the excitement of the crowd grow . one of the woman begin to make a speech . again , a fist be clench in hatred . the woman turn to the crowd . a old woman shout in excitement . a fist be raise threateningly . everybody excitedly wave they hand and shout : [ title : ] ' down with the autocrat ! ' the excitement of the crowd rise ever higher and higher , and draw near to its peak . a suspicious - look man in a straw hat , he hand tuck insolently into he waistcoat , look on with a disdainful smile . the woman shout : [ title : ] ' mother and brother ! let there be no distinction or enmity among ourselves ! ' and she exhort the crowd . the suspicious - look man in the straw hat smile disdainfully . the woman continue she speech . the suspicious - look man in the straw hat cry out : [ title : ] ' down with the Jews ! ' and smile insolently . the man stand near he sharply and angrily , one after another , turn they head . the reactionary [ a member of the Black hundre , a virulent anti-jewish society ] continue to smile insolently . one of the man advance towards he angrily . the reactionary grow frighten . the man continue to advance towards he . the reactionary pull he straw hat over he eye and try to walk away , but he be stop . the man look at he in fury . the reactionary be surround by man . they pull he straw hat over he face and begin to attack he . pathetically , the student deliver he speech . the sea of people surge in agitation . pathetically , the student deliver he speech . the woman frenziedly wave they arm . pathetically , the student continue he speech . the woman shout in they frenzy . the student appeal to the crowd : [ title : ] ' shoulder to shoulder ! ' the multitude descend the long , narrow step by the bridge . [ title : ] the land be our ! under the arch of the bridge the sea of move people sway convulsively . [ title : ] the future be our ! along the bridge the people move . the woman in the crowd near the tent contain the body of vakulinchuk continue to shout in they frenzy . the sea of people surge with excitement . pathetically , the student continue he speech . the excitement of the crowd reach its peak . the sailor make they appearance on the deck and by the gun-turret of the battleship , and begin to listen to the speaker . [ title : ] the delegate from the shore a worker speak to the sailor : [ title : ] ' we must inflict a decisive blow on the enemy !' he appeal to the sailor : [ title : ] ' together with the revolutionary worker throughout all Russia ' , and he exhort they passionately . the sailor answer he : [ title : ] ' we will be victorious ! ' the worker 's speech seize the imagination of the sailor on the deck and in the watch - tower . the sailor , take off they cap , rapturously applaud the delegate . the sailor stand in the watch - tower also take off they cap and wave they arm to the delegate . [ title : ] tensely and vigilantly , the shore keep its eye on the ' potemkin ' the inhabitant of the town , stand on the harbor step , gaze at the battleship in the distance . on the battleship , the sailor , they head throw high , watch tensely , as the red flag be raise . the inhabitant of the town joyfully praise the insurgent battleship . the red flag be raise victoriously up the mast of the battleship . part four : the odessa step [ title : ] in that memorable day the town live at one with the rebellious battleship in the harbor , the townspeople load they sailing - boat with provision . [ title : ] a fleet of white - sailed yawl race through the water to the side of the battleship the sail of the boat be put up , and they fill with wind . the boat push off , and sail past the town , and the wharf , and out into the open sea . the pass boat be see as a background to a curve colonnade overlook the water from the height of the town . a demonstration take place beneath the arch of the bridge . in the distance can be see the white sail of the boat . on the wharf , a educate young woman , a umbrella in she hand , and a man -- apparently a professor -- look ardently , but with reserve , in the direction of the rebellious battleship . a group of worker ( two man and a woman ) tumultuously hail the rebellious sailor . the young woman with the umbrella open it out joyfully and wave she black - glove hand , and the man with the appearance of a professor take off he hat . stand with a young schoolgirl , a elderly woman in pince - nez rapturously wave she hand . a student shout joyfully . a yacht sail across the sea , and the fleet of white - sail yawl . on the mast of the battleship the red flag flutter victoriously . the boat sail towards the battleship . the sailor on board the battleship wave they cap in delight . the boat sail up , one after another , to the side of the battleship . sailor pull the oar of the row - boat . the sailor on board the battleship wave they cap in delight . the sailing - boat draw up by the side of the battleship . sailor from the battleship quickly descend the gangway . sail -boat and row - boat draw up . the sailing - boat drop they sail . the sailor on board the battleship wave they cap in delight . sailing-boat surround the battleship . the sailor on board the battleship wave they cap in delight . the inhabitant of the town , stand on the harbor step , look at the battleship in the distance . a woman with a live goose in she hand climb up the gangway and give it to the sailor . on the sailing - boat , bread be pass from hand to hand . the inhabitant of the town , stand on the harbor step , look at the battleship in the distance . the people in the sailing - boat look at the sailor on board the battleship . cigarettes , a suck - pig be pass to the sailor , a crateful of poultry , geese . on board the battleship , the inhabitant of the town embrace the sailor . along the gangway be carry a basket of egg , another suck - pig . the inhabitant of the town , stand on the harbor step , look into the distance , and hail the battleship . a lady with a veil and lorgnette and a lady in a expensive white dress , a umbrella over she arm , also look at the battleship . past they , a legless invalid drag himself on he hand . the lady in the expensive white dress , a umbrella over she arm , wave elegantly in the direction of the rebellious battleship . from behind the lady with the veil and lorgnette , the legless invalid move on he hand , and he look in the direction of the battleship . the lady with the veil look through she lorgnette at the ship . the legless invalid joyfully wave he cap with one hand . a woman drape with a shawl stand beside she small son . on the mast of the battleship the red flag flutter victoriously . the woman , drape with a shawl , and she son look joyfully at the battleship . a girl and a boy wave they small hand in delight . the crowd , stand on the harbor step , tumultuously hail the insurgent battleship . [ title :] suddenly a woman with bobbe hair throw back she head in terror . the crowd on the step shudder and begin to run down the step . the legless invalid , try to save himself , leap precipitately on he hand down one of the high balustrade flanking the step . a rank of soldier draw near to the top of the long , broad step . the lady with the veil and lorgnette , have fall , raise herself and run down the step . in terror , the crowd run down the step . fatally wounded , a man begin to fall . in the instant before he death , the step appear fleetingly in front of he eye . he fall onto the step . a small boy , wounded , fall nearby . in terror , the crowd run down the step . the boy clutches he head with he hand . in terror , the crowd run down the step . relentless , like a machine , rank of soldier with rifle trail descend the step . in terror , the crowd run down the step . behind the balustrade a group of terrify woman hide -- among they the elderly woman in pince - nez . Men leap from the balustrade onto the ground . behind one of the balustrade , a man and a woman hide . behind the other balustrade a old man in pince - nez , a small schoolboy and a woman hide . the old man in pince - nez be unexpectedly hit by a bullet . a rank of soldier fire into the crowd . the man hide with the woman behind one of the balustrade fall dead . in terror , the crowd run down the step . a man jump over the wounded old man in pince - nez . the old man raise himself and look at he . in terror , the crowd run down the step . the old man in pince - nez look from behind the balustrade . the woman drape with a shawl run down the step , hold she small son by the hand . the rank of soldier aim , and fire into the crowd . the son of the woman drape with a shawl fall onto the step . mechanically , the woman drape with a shawl continue to run down the step . the fall boy raise himself and shout . the flee mother stop and turn . the boy fall back , unconscious . in horror , the mother tear at she hair . in terror , the crowd run down the step -- over the fall boy . her eye craze , the mother go up the step . in terror , the crowd run down the step . trample the slaughter boy . in terror , the crowd run down the step . the flee people trample the slaughter boy . her eye craze , the mother go up the step . the crowd run down the step . her hand to she head in horror , the mother go up the step . the crowd trample the slaughter boy . her hand to she head in horror , the mother go up the step . the crowd run down the step . her slaughter son in she arm , the mother go up the step towards a rank of soldier . in terror , the crowd run down the step . the elderly woman in pince - nez , hide behind the balustrade , exhort the woman with she to advance towards the soldier , in order to stop the massacre . her slaughter son in she arm , the dement mother go up the step . in a frenzy , the elderly woman in pince - nez exhort the woman with she . [ title : ] ' come ! let we plead with they !' she regards they boldly . in terror , the crowd continue to run down the step . the elderly woman in pince - nez smile encouragingly at the woman with she and at the old man , all freeze with fear . relentless , like a machine , the rank of soldier with rifle trail descend the step . her slaughter son in she arm , the dement mother go up the step . the woman be freeze with fear . the elderly woman in pince - nez smile encouragingly . a young girl , the old man , man , a old woman , and a invalid on crutch stand up behind she . the rank of soldier fire into the crowd . in terror , the crowd continue to run down the step . her slaughter son in she arm , the dement mother go up the step . led by the elderly woman in pince - nez , the group of woman and old man go up the step towards the rank of soldier , and pleadingly hold out they hand to they . through the corpse strewn on the step , she slaughter son in she arm , the mother continue up the step . through the corpse strewn on the step , relentless , the rank of soldier with rifle trail continue to descend the step . her slaughter son in she arm , go up the step strewn with corpse , the mother shout to the soldier : [ title : ] ' hear I ! do not shoot ! ' inexorably , the rank of soldier move on . the shadow of the soldier fall on the step . her slaughter son in she arm , the mother shout again to the soldier : [ title : ] ' my boy be badly hurt ! ' she draw close to the rank of soldier , they rifle aim and to the officer , he sabre raise . led by the elderly woman in pince - nez , the group of woman and old man , plead , go up the step . the officer lower he sabre , and a volley be fire . her slaughter son in she arm , the mother fall onto the step . at the bottom of the step , the people run onto the carriage - way , .. and horseman charge they . her slaughter son hold tight to she breast , the mother lie on she back . her hand be arrange in the form of a cross , and over they creep the advance shadow of the soldier . [ title :] the cossacks the cossack charge straight at the crowd , and the people be trample by the horse ' hoof and beat with the whip of the horseman . a rank of soldier descend the step and fire into the crowd . the group of woman and old man , press themselves against the balustrade , go up the step . the rank of soldier fire volley after volley into the crowd . the group of woman and old man fall onto the step . the leg of the soldier move on . a beautiful woman [ a young mother ] shield a pram contain a child from the flee people . relentless , like a machine , the rank of soldier descend the step . the beautiful woman open she mouth in terror and cling to the side of the pram . with she body , she shield the child in the pram from the flee people . the rank of soldier descend the step and fire . in terrible pain , the young mother throw back she head . the pram with the child come to rest at the edge of the step . the young mother , she mouth open in terror , clutches she dress with she hand . the flee people be trample by the horse ' hoof and beat with the whip of the cossack . blood on the young mother 's stomach . the young mother , she mouth open , begin to fall , and the pram with the child roll to the very edge of the step . the rank of soldier with rifle trail descend the step . the young mother , fall onto the step , push the pram with the child . a cossack attack a man with he whip . the flee people be trample by the horse ' hoof and beat with the whip of the cossack . fall , the young mother jolt the pram with the child over the edge of the step . the elderly woman in pince - nez be freeze with horror . the pram with the child bounce down the step . the young mother lie dead on the step . on the carriage - way , the cossack beat the crowd with whip , and , at the foot of the step , a rank of soldier fire point- blank at the people . the pram with the child bounce over the step . the elderly woman in pince - nez be freeze with horror . the pram with the child bounce over the step . a terrify student press himself into the corner of a building . at the foot of the step , the rank of soldier fire volley after volley into the crowd . the pram with the child leap across the step . a terrify student press himself into the corner of a building . down the step , over the corpse , career the pram with the child . the rank of soldier fire into the crowd . the pram with the child career over the corpse down the step . the student press into the corner of the building shout in terror . the pram with the child overturn . a cossack brandish he sword , and put out a eye of the elderly woman in pince - nez . the battleship : the gun-turret loom ominously . [ title : ] and then the cannon of the battleship OPEN FIRE in retaliation against the savagery of the armed force of odessa the muzzle of the cannon , point menacingly towards the town . [ title : ] the bull be eye -- the odessa theatre ! the sculpture on the pediment of the theatre . [ title : ] the odessa theatre -- the town' military headquarters the cannon of the battleship open fire at the cupid adorn the cornice of the theatre . a shell burst against the iron gate of the theatre building , enshroud everything in smoke . the sculpture : a lion dormant , a lion with evil face raise , a lion up on its paw , snarling . the iron gate of the theatre building be enshroud in smoke . the smoke disperse -- to reveal that the theatre building have be destroy . part five : meeting the squadron [ title : ] on the battleship , meeting continue passionately until evening a speaker cry to the sailor : [ title : ] ' the people of odessa look to you for they liberation . disembark now , and the army will join force with you . ' the speaker continue . the muzzle of the cannon loom menacingly . the sailor argue among themselves . one of the sailor say : [ title : ] ' we can not disembark . the admiralty squadron have begin to move against we . ' he continue to speak . the sailor wave they arm about excitedly . the sailor exhort he comrade , who wave to he with they cap . the sailor exhort he comrade . the sailor wave they arm about excitedly . the sailor passionately exhort he comrade . one of the sailor listen to he be lose in think . the sailor continue to exhort he comrade , but the other sailor interrupt he . [ title : ] with one heart they decide to face the squadron the empty deck . [ title : ] a night of anxiety begins the flag come down . the moon appear from behind the cloud . moonlight play upon the water . on the battleship , the watch look tensely into the distance . the sea splashes gently . the watch move along the side of the battleship . the sea splashes gently . a sailor gaze tensely into the distance . the silhouette of the battleship stand out starkly and majestically in the moonlight . the motionless needle of the pressure - gauge . by the engine -- sleep sailor . the watch look tensely into the darkness . a searchlight direct on the water . the watch and the sailor gaze into the darkness . the searchlight direct on the water . by the engine -- sleep sailor . the motionless needle of the pressure - gauge . [ title : ] the squadron creep up in the darkness murk over the water . the squadron on the horizon . murk over the water . matyushenko , fight against sleep , smoke in one of the cabin . smoke pour from the funnel of a pass ship . by the engine -- sleep sailor . the helmsman asleep at the wheel . by the engine -- sleep sailor . the searchlight direct on the water . in a cabin , a sailor asleep on a divan . matyushenko , with other sailor , awaken the helmsman . the cabin : the sailor asleep on the divan . another sailor at the wheel . [ title : ] throat hoarse from continual speech breathe harshly and unevenly the cabin : sailor asleep on the divan , in a deck -chair . matyushenko enter the cabin and look at the sleep sailor . the sailor on the divan awaken . sailor close the shutter over the searchlight . matyushenko talk with the awaken sailor , and go out of the cabin . the sailor turn over onto he other side . sailor close the shutter over the searchlight . the sailor on the divan sleep . sailor run over to a handrail . by the engine -- the sailor roll over uneasily in they sleep . the sailor on the divan awaken again . the helmsman at the wheel . a sailor by the handrail beckon to another . by the engine -- the sailor roll over uneasily in they sleep . the sailor by the handrail look through a telescope . the sailor by the handrail gaze tensely into the distance . the motionless needle of the pressure - gauge . sailor look through a pair of binocular and the telescope . the watch look through the binocular . the pressure - gauge . sailor look through the binocular and the telescope . the watch look through the binocular . a sailor in the watch - tower shout . the sailor turn the telescope . near the muzzle of a cannon , a sailor gaze into the darkness . the watch look into the distance . the sailor turn the telescope . the squadron be visible on the horizon . the sailor look through the telescope bend and cry : [ title : ] ' squadron on the horizon ! ' the sailor near the muzzle of the cannon turn quickly towards the cry . the sailor again look through the telescope . the alarmed figure of the sailor . matyushenko rapidly descend the ladder to the cabin . in a instant , the sailor in the deck - chair be awake , and the sailor on the divan . the one and the other raise themselves , stand up , and quickly run out . a run sailor can be see through a grate . the sailor run up to matyushenko and question he . in the cabin , matyushenko stop a young sailor . the young sailor look confusedly at matyushenko . matyushenko throw off he jacket . the young sailor tighten the jacket round himself , and matyushenko take the midshipman 's cap off the young sailor 's head . sailor climb up holdfast . matyushenko put a sailor 's cap on the young sailor 's head . the young sailor ascend the ladder from the cabin , follow by matyushenko . the sailor rush up the holdfast , up the deck ladder , up to a platform by the funnel . the sailor on the platform can see the squadron on the horizon . they continue to look at the squadron on the horizon . the sailor look through the telescope . sailor look into the distance , .. climb up the holdfast , ascend to the platform by the funnel , on the platform . matyushenko blow on he pipe . [ title : ] all hand on deck ! the bugler sound he call . a sailor blow on he pipe . the sailor come run . [ title : ] action station ! the bugler sound he call . about the deck the sailor run . sailor remove the tarpaulin from the cannon . in the gun -turret , a gunner prepare for battle . about the deck the sailor run . matyushenko blow on he pipe . about the deck the sailor run . sailor run to the engine-room . the helmsman and matyushenko speak over the telephone to the engineer in the engine-room . matyushenko speak over the telephone to the engineer . about the deck the sailor run . sailor move the heavy shell up the lift to the cannon . the sailor remove the tarpaulin from the cannon . the engineer , speak on the telephone , pass a order to a comrade . the engineer pull a lever . the telephone ring in the engine-room . sailor descend the gangway and pull up the handrail . the engineer pull a lever . the sailor raise the gangway . the engineer pull a lever . the sailor suspend the gangway along the side of the battleship . a tarpaulin be spread over the deck . sailor take the heavy shell from the lift , and lay they on the tarpaulin , one after another . matyushenko stand by the helm and shout into the speak - tube . [ title :] full speed ahead the engineer listen on the telephone . behind the helmsman , matyushenko speak on the telephone . the sailor work in the engine-room . smoke pour from the funnel . the engineer press a lever . faster and faster the engine run . the battleship carve its way through the sea , divide the water into tall wave . the calm sea splashes gently against the shore . the battleship carve its way through the sea , divide the water into tall wave . ever faster and faster the engine run . the battleship carve its way through the sea , divide the water into tall wave . at full speed , the engine run . smoke pour from the funnel . behind it , the battleship leave a shine wake and cloud of smoke . matyushenko , speak on the telephone , receive a message from a sailor approach at the run , and he give the order to the helmsman to turn the wheel . the gun -turret swing menacingly . the gunner be prepare for battle . the muzzle of the cannon be raise menacingly . the gunner look at he sight . the muzzle of the cannon be raise . the gunner look at he sight . the prow of the battleship cut through the water , raise great wave on all side . stand by the helm , matyushenko look through a telescope . the squadron be visible on the horizon . matyushenko speak to the helmsman . the needle of a pressure - gauge jump about -- and move up . the engineer speak on the telephone . the needle jump about -- and move higher . the gunner be prepare for battle . the squadron on the horizon . the engine at full speed . the gunner by he sight . the gunner swing he cannon . the engine at full speed . the needle of the pressure - gauge jump about . [ title : ] maximum speed ! the needle as high as it can go . the engine at maximum speed . great wave cause by the passage of the battleship . the water bubbles and foam . smoke pour from the funnel . the helmsman , turn the wheel , listen to matyushenko . visible in the distance -- the squadron . [ title : ] the ' potemkin ' and destroyer no . 267 alongside the battleship -- a destroyer . stand by the helm , matyushenko look into the distance . [ title : ] the squadron advance the squadron draw ever nearer and nearer . smoke pour from the funnel . great wave cause by the passage of the battleship . the water bubbles and foam . matyushenko , stand by the helm , give a signal . the gun - turret swing menacingly . [ title : ] the squadron draw near ! ever nearer and nearer draw the squadron . the gunner sight he cannon . the gun - turret swing menacingly . sailor carry a shell . the muzzle of the cannon loom menacingly . smoke pour from the funnel . behind it , the battleship leave a shine wake and cloud of smoke . stand by the helm , matyushenko look into the distance . the squadron draw nearer . matyushenko be plunge in think . his hand go to the speak - tube . [ title : ] ' give the signal : " join we " ' he replace the speak - tube . a sailor signal with flag , and another look through a telescope . [ title : ] ' join ' on rope , the flag go up the mast . on rope , the flag go up the mast . the battleship raise great wave on all side . the squadron draw ever nearer and nearer . smoke pour from the funnel of a approach ship . the muzzle of a cannon aim towards the enemy . the helmsman look through a telescope . the gunner await the signal . [ title : ] the enemy be within range the helmsman look through a telescope . the gunner await the signal . a sailor with a shell in he arm . sailor with shell in they arm . [ title : ] all for one the cannon of the enemy turn slowly , point towards the potemkin , be menacingly raise . [ title : ] one for all on the mast of the battleship the red flag flutter victoriously . alongside the battleship -- the destroyer . a cannon raise loom menacingly . stand by the helm , matyushenko look into the distance . the enemy squadron be near . the gunner embrace each other before battle . a cannon be raise , and loom menacingly . the gunner await the signal . the cannon loom menacingly . stand by the helm , matyushenko shout . the muzzle of all the cannon of the battleship be direct menacingly towards the enemy . [ title : ] to FIRE the gunner tensely await the signal . matyushenko look uneasily into the distance . he blow on he pipe . a cannon loom menacingly . [ title : ] or not a gunner tensely await the signal . the engine run . the imperial eagle on the prow of the battleship . sailor with shell in they arm , tensely expectant . shell on the tarpaulin . the gunner motionless . suddenly , a smile appear on the face of one of the sailor . [ title : ] ' Brothers ! ' joyfully , the sailor break out into laughter . the sailor run out onto the prow of the battleship . the sailor be overcome with joy . on the mast of the battleship the red flag flutter victoriously . the muzzle of the cannon be lower . the sailor on board the battleship tumultuously wave they cap . in return , from the side of the ship of the squadron pass , the sailor joyfully wave they cap . [ title : ] within the hearing of the tsarist admiral , brotherly cheer SOUND across the water from the side of the ship of the squadron pass , the sailor joyfully wave they cap . without a shot be fire , a ship of the admiralty squadron go past the rebellious battleship . [ title : ] and with the red flag of freedom proudly fluttering , without a single shot be fire , the insurgent battleship pass through the rank of the squadron the sailor on the deck of the battleship , on the mast and in the watch - tower tumultuously wave they cap in the air . victoriously , the insurgent battleship pass through the rank of the squadron . joyfully , the sailor on the mast , in the watch - tower , on the deck and on the prow of the battleship wave they cap in the air . great wave cause by the passage of the battleship . the tall prow of the rebellious battleship move victoriously onwards .