for you consideration best original screenplay simon beaufoy battle of the sex written by Simon beaufoy montage 1 huge on the screen , a plastic doll stare at we . a commercial for talky crissy . talky crissy hil please dry my hair . v / of all girl love talky crissy with she grow hair .... the screen divide in two to accommodate both talky crissy and a squadron of b52s unload its cargo . hundred of bomb unzip the sky . v/o ( cont 'd ) ++. as the last US ground troops be withdraw from Vietnam , the bombing continue ... the screen divide into smaller square accommodate the best and the worst of the early 1970' . clip of Hawaii five - 0 , here 's Lucy , the Mary Tyler Moore show , still from commercial , documentary footage from town bloody Hall , each take centre screen for a few second and then shrink to allow the next clip to take precedence . '' the kenwood chef do everything but cook . that 's what wife be for " . '' ply dutchman tobacco : lead woman around by the nose '' . '' do not worry , darling , you do not burn the beer . schlitz malt '' . then a news clip take centre screen : newscaster good evening , in a landmark ruling , the Supreme Court today legalize abortion . a majority from Texas and Georgia say that the decision to end a pregnancy during the first three month belong to a woman and she doctor not the government . town bloody Hall take precedence as a woman in the audience accuse norman mailer on the stage . town bloody hall ++sthe dog talk , you know ! that a woman should talk at all be something you be find a little hard to take ... battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 2 1a 1b which fade in favour of the doll talky crissy again : v/o but there 's someone new in town . ext . forest hill tennis court . US OPEN . day . 1a billie jean king 's 29 year - old face , big on the screen , concentrate hard . we hear a grunt and the noise of a serve . a flash and billie Jean have reach the ball , return it . the ball come back , but she be across the court with lightning speed and put every ounce of energy into the shot , return it again . we be inside she head : only the sound of she furious breathe , the ball and the squeak of tennis shoe can be hear . back come the ball , again and again , each time , billie Jean punch it back until .... . ++ the world crash in : a sudden surge of applause and cheer . the focus on billie Jean 's face finally relax into a huge smile of triumph . umpire v/o game , set and match to miss King . she throw the racket high into the air and we see she be surround by thousand of fan applaud wildly . larry king , billie Jean 's husband , jump onto the court and embrace she . title : Battle of the sex ext . high rise office . new york . day . 1b a faceless , glass office building . distant traffic and honk horn . move in on one of the many window , we find ... tv ( v.0 . ) ... and billie Jean King 's triumph in the US open add another Grand slam to a list of title that make she the most successful woman player of all time and bring a phone call from a very special fan .... omitted 2 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 3 3 omitted 3 4 int . office . new york . day . 4 ... fifty - four year old bobby rigg , tennis racket in hand , stare at the tv . on the tv , billie Jean be on court hold up the trophy from the US open . the tv cut to a boardroom where she be now talk on a speaker - phone to president nixon . billie jean hello , mister President . president nixon v/o I just want to congratulate you on you great success this year and be the first sportswoman to earn over a hundred thousand dollar in a season . billie jean thank you , mister President . thank you very much , Sir . tv ( v.0 . ) with five wimbledon title , a french open win and now a fourth US open crown , the Old Lady as she be affectionately know on the circuit - show no sign of hang up she tennis shoe any time soon .... Bobby switch off the tv with a sigh . he bat a ball of scrunch up paper expertly into the trash , wander back behind a large , largely empty desk . he set the Newton 's cradle desk toy go , he eye follow it 's progress back and forth for a while . snap out of it . press the intercom . bobby rigg have that contract from diemberger come in yet , Mike ? michael 0 /s oh , yes , Sir . I turn it around yesterday . bobby rigg you do ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 4 michael 0 /s just need a signature . hope that be the right thing to do , Sir . bobby rigg oh. yes. sure . anything else come in ? michael 0 /s no , sir. sit back . open he desk drawer . pull out a pack of card . suddenly shove they back in and slam the drawer as if burn . press the intercom again . bobby rigg Mike , I think I will take a early one . michael 0 /s very good , Sir . Bobby grab he coat and leave . 5 ext . church / new york STREET . day . 5 Bobby hunch down the street . a bunch of kid on rollerskate , one of they with a boom -box on he shoulder play the Stones at full volume , speed past , knock Bobby off the sidewalk . bobby rigg hey ! hey ! completely ignore , Bobby turn into a church and go in . 6 int . church . day . 6 a semi-circle of chair around a table in a side - chapel of the church . a rag- tag bunch of people - mostly man - be sit . one of the man be tell a rambling story about he gambling addiction . bore , Bobby start make fish face with he mouth . a satisfy pop noise . gambler anon leader would anybody else like to speak ? sir ? he 's look at Bobby . Bobby point at himself . really ? I ? he stand up . sigh . here we go . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 bobby rigg my name be Bobby and I be a addict . addict hi , Bobby . bobby rigg at least that 's what Priscilla say . my wife . Lovely lady . his face briefly shine and then he remember . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) she 's gonna leave I unless I quit gambling . a couple of ‘we hear you , Bobby 's from the room . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) puzzle I , this word : gambling . every time she get the car out the garage Priscilla 's gambling big time . never check the mirror , stick it in reverse , put she foot down , straight out onto the highway . jeez Louise , that 's gambling . but here I be . gambler anonymous . gambler anon leader and what 's you point , Bobby bobby rigg my point ? everybody gamble all the time . life 's a gamble , right ? that 's the thrill of it : this way or that way , the yes or the no , the head or the tail of be alive ! yet here I be and here you be , head bow , ashamed of ourselves . but that be not right . you fella be not here cos you be gambler - we be all gambler . you be here cos you be terrible gambler . that 's what the problem be . you lose , right ? and you end up here . more ashamed nod from the gambler . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) I get it . but there 's one thing worse than lose , friend : it 's not be in the game . if you be not in game , what 's the point ? ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 6-7 bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) we be dead man walk , right ? I mean , look at we ! this be take a surprising turn . even Bobby be cheer up . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) head up , fella , we can turn this around , we can get back in the game , we will get back in the game ... everyone 's listen now . this be not the inspirational speech they be expect , but they like it . gambler anon leader I be not sure that - bobby rigg I play a bit of card , but sport be my bag : tennis , golf , shoot hoop , whatever it be , there 's a bet to make . and if there be not I do not get out of bed . I hear you guy yammer on , and I realize . I see the problem . what you gotta do be get yourselves a thing . gambler a thing ? bobby rigg yeah , a thing ! a edge , a angle , the inside track , the sniff in the wind , the thing that turn you from a gambler to a hustler , from a loser to a winner . a thing ! gambler anon leader this be not what we should be talk about here . bobby rigg why do you want to stop we do the one thing we really love ? the leader be nonpluss . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) sir , all they gotta do be learn to do it better . now , who 's deal ? he throw a pack of card on the table , roll up he sleeve . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) be not this fun ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 6-78 7 int . new york HOTEL room -- bedroom / bathroom . evening . 7 a silver trophy on the bedside table , surround by dozen of flower arrangement . billie Jean 's husband larry king ( 28 , tall , immaculately dress ) read the card that come with the flower . billie Jean be out of sight in the bathroom . larry Flowers from you parent ! we should have they over when we get back to California . a home -cook meal , would not that be something ? billie Jean ? in the bathroom , in a long evening gown , billie Jean be put on earring . she be lose in she own thought . larry ( cont 'd ) we should go . car 's here . billie ? he go into the bathroom . billie - Jean be just stare . larry ( cont 'd ) billie . billie jean can we not go ? larry not go ? you be the champ , honey . you be guest of honor ! then he see that she 's serious . larry ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? billie jean it be not work , Larry . larry what be not ? billie jean you and I . us. be marry . we be never in the same place at the same time and when we be , we do not make each other happy . larry I be happy . and if there 's more I can do to make you happy , tell I . billie jean it 's not you , Larry . you know it 's not . Larry come up to she and take the necklace from she . start to put it on . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 6-7b larry we have have we moment - which marriage do not - but we have get through they before and we will get through they again . the necklace be tie . larry ( cont ’d ) there . you look beautiful . a bit tired maybe which be hardly a surprise . stop win everything , honey . a weary smile from billie . larry ( cont 'd ) tomorrow you be stay in bed and I be do everything , okay ? billie jean thank you . you be a good man , Larry King . he offer she he hand . larry come on . they can not start the dance without you . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 8 8 int . forest hill club -- ball room . evening . 8 the tournament Ball . Larry and billie Jean alone on the dance floor , waltzing elegantly - the perfect , happy couple . they be surround by hundred of people in evening dress , all of whom applaud as the song come to a end . Larry kiss billie Jean and welcome the rest of the party - goer to join they on the floor . gladys heldman , a feisty forty - year old march onto the floor , interrupt billie and Larry . gladys have you see this ?? billie jean hey , gladys . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 9 larry you want a dance ? gladys I want a gun . they have just snuck out this press release , the low - life . gladys wave a piece of paper in front of billie . billie grab it . read . larry which low -life ? gladys we so -called friend , the United States lawn tennis Association . gladys jab a finger at one particular line . billie Jean 's eye widen . billie jean what ?! this be outrageous . gladys it 's get Jack Kramer 's fingerprint all over it . billie jean absolutely right . and I know where he 's hide . come on , gladys . she grab gladys and they march off the dance floor . larry good luck ! int . forest hill country club -- dine room . night . 8a gladys and billie Jean walk between the table . gladys it 's a slap in the face , that 's what this be . billie jean slap on the wrist , more like . how dare we girl do so well ?! better put we in we place ! gladys we can not let they get away with it . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 10 9 int . forest hill club -- library . evening . jack kramer and bob sander be sit in club chair , relax . dana , a young waitress , hand they whisky . jack kramer thank you , honey . dana sure , mister Kramer . he follow the rear view with he eye as she go . gladys and billie Jean come march in . gladys surprise in they lair . jack kramer a unexpected pleasure , lady . you both look sensational , if I may say . gladys . you may not . bob sander you be not suppose to be in here , you know - ~ gladys - because I be a woman or a Jew ? jack kramer oh , we have a jewish member now . do not we , Bob ? bob sander one black member as well . gladys progress ! billie jean but no woman . bob sander not as yet , no . Jack pat a seat for gladys , oblivious to the dagger shot he way . jack kramer what can we do for you lady ? Glass of something ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 ul gladys sit , get out a cigarette . Bob lean forward to light it . she pointedly light it herself . gladys I always find it 's best to be clear before commit cold - blooded murder , so , to clarify : the Pacific Southwest tournament press release . she bang the offend piece of paper down on the coffee table , rattling the china . jack kramer ah. yes . billie jean it say you be offer twelve thousand dollar to the man 's winner and one thousand five hundred dollar to the womenus . gladys that 's either a misprint or a provocation . I might get off with manslaughter . jack kramer no , that be the term . bob sander the man 's prize have to be that high to attract the best player . we be try to make this the most prestigious tournament in America . gladys and pay the woman player less than ever make it more prestigious . aha . I get it . I see the logic . hallelujah , my eye have be open . billie jean - gladys . Said quietly but firmly . everybody take notice . gladys you be lucky she 's here . she 's like the bomb disposal squad - billie jean ( firmer ) - gladys . a huff from gladys . silence . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 12 billie jean ( cont 'd ) can I just bring it back around to the money , Jack ? jack kramer you know I be sympathetic to you cause , billie Jean . we have talk about this -- billie jean we have . many time . you promise this year would be different . jack kramer it 's simply a question of what we can afford . bob sander people come to see the man play . they be the draw . billie jean eight time more of a draw ? bob sander sorry ? billie jean you be offer the man 's winner exactly eight time more than the woman 's winner . do we bring in a eighth of the crowd ? bob sander I do not know the percentage -- billie jean they sell the exact same number of ticket today for the woman 's final as the man 's final . be not that right , Jack ? jack I suppose so . gladys . same sale , same prize money . seem fair to I . jack kramer be reasonable , there 's no way we can afford that . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 13 billie jean then what 's you argument ? just give I a logical argument why you should pay a woman a eighth of what you pay a man and I promise I will stop ask . jack kramer well , for one thing , the man have to support they family . billie jean I be the main bread winner in my family . jack kramer look . the man be simply more exciting to watch . they be faster — - bob sander - fact - jack kramer - stronger - bob sander - fact - jack kramer - more competitive - bob sander - just a fact . jack kramer it 's not you fault . it 's biology . billie jean that 's the best argument you have get ? really ? jack kramer it 's just the way it be . billie jean we will boycott the tournament . gladys fact . jack kramer we would sure miss you pretty face , but ... go right ahead . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 14 10 ql billie jean not only will we boycott , we will set up we own tournament . a flicker of panic from gladys . gladys fact . billie jean at the exact same time as the Pacific Southwest . gladys um . fact . Jack Kramer and Bob Sanders exchange a look . Jack smile and stand . jack kramer well , be sure and send I ticket . you have a good night , lady . he hold open the library door for they . ext . forest hill club -- corridor . evening . 10 the camera follow billie Jean and gladys as they go . gladys be we really go to do this ? billie jean sure we be go to do this . gladys how be we go to do this ? billie jean no idea . int . bobby 's house . evening . a a air of tension in this upscale dining room . Bobby , priscilla he second wife and bobby 's son be sit at the table . priscilla busy day ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 15 bobby rigg run off my foot . not a minute to think ... whatever it be I be suppose to be do there , Priscilla , I be not do it . priscilla daddy say you be a integral part of the company . bobby rigg integral . like the wall ? the walk - in closet ? priscilla it 's steady . it 's what you need right now . bobby rigg I know , I know . priscilla do you go to - you meeting ? bobby rigg only darn meeting I have . I might have to find another group . priscilla but you go . bobby rigg oh yeah . priscilla well do , honey . she smile supportively at he . he attempt a smile back . another silence . Bobby 's son pepper he food with a outsize pepper grinder . appraise it . bobby's son ( sly ) I wonder how much pepper corn be in here ? priscilla it 's not how much , it 's how many . and stop wonder . or you can go wonder in you room . bobby's son Mom ... I be just ask dad a educational question , right ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 16 bobby rigg oh , I ... I dunno , junior . bobby's son I would say ' bout a thousand . bobby rigg ( crack ) no way , there 's at least five thousand in there . bobby's son I would put a dollar on a thousand - priscilla - young man ! Bobby 's son give the pepper grinder another provocative twist , wink at he dad and mouth '' one dollar '' . bobby rigg absolutely not , young man . we do not gamble at the table . priscilla we do not gamble any place , Bobby . bobby rigg exactly . any place . Bobby pat he mouth with he napkin . dab at the sweat on he brow . get up . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) you know , honey , now I remember , there be something I need to do at the office . priscilla now ? bobby rigg you daddy put he faith in I . do not want to let he down . she smile up at he uncertainly - benefit of the doubt . priscilla well , okay . proud of you , honey . 12 ext . town tennis CENTER -- court . manhattan . evening . 12 Men 's laughter , drink , music . wedge of greenback everywhere . in the middle of the table , surround by dollar , a set of car key . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 17 bizarrely , two alsatian be bound around a tennis court , Bobby on the end of they lead , be tow after they . on the other side of the net be jack , retire business tycoon and amateur tennis player . equally bizarre be the location of the court ; on the flat roof of a skyscraper near the belching smoke stack of the con Edison power Plant . love the show be the boy : hank , ex-baseball pro : retire ken and gentle herb , a tennis star in the 5us , now in a wheelchair and lornie kuhle , young friend of Bobby 's and tennis pro . somehow , Bobby manage to reach the ball and get it back over the net . the boy be loving it , the dog be loving it and most of all , so be Bobby . jack dammit , Bobby .... bobby rigg teach they to serve and we could get they on the circuit ! good boy , good boy go , go ... he win the point . ken a chair . c’mon , guy ... bobby rigg two chair and I will raise you both five hundred . ken / herb done . take he , Jack ! lornie rush two chair onto Bobby 's side of the court that he now have to dodge around with the dog . Chaos . Bobby be leaping over the chair , get the lead tangle in the leg ... and yet somehow , the ball keep be return . more dollar be put down on the table by the boy . there 's big money on this game . a fierce exchange of shot , culminate in a lot of bark and a massive lob from Bobby . everyone watch its progress high into the sky and then down on the baseline . right on the baseline . Jack scrabble back for it . do not get there . Bobby leap the net , shake he hand . bobby rigg good game , Jack . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 18 jack dammit , I think I have you this time , Bobby , I really do . dejected , he walk off . the boy watch he go . bobby rigg he keep betting I . what do I do ? hank thing about Jack be - he can afford to lose . Jack get the car key from the bowl in the middle of the table . throw they to Bobby . towel he face down . lornie what 's Priscilla go to say , Bobby ? that 's what you gotta ask yourself . bobby rigg do not spoil it , Jack , you know ? herb Priscilla ? you still marry , Bobby ? ken he sure will be if he turn up in a roll royce . lornie he sure will not be if he turn up in a roll royce . herb whadd 's ya mean ? lornie you think Priscilla will not know where it come from ? even Bobby 's gonna find it hard talk that one away . '' hi , honey , this guy on the corner just give I a Silver shadow ... '' think that will cut it ? herb what 's to talk away ? you have just win a damned roll royce . lornie herb , Bobby do not gamble anymore . herb you do not ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 19 bobby rigg no ! I be gambler anonymous once a week , shrink twice a week . Bobby riggs be as clean as Montana snow . ken you be ? bobby rigg absolutely . a reform character . that 's what my psychoanalyst 's report say and Priscilla 's very happy about that , I can tell you . herb how do you ever get the shrink to write that ? bobby rigg the chump keep lose at Black Jack . but lornie 's get a point . it 's a big car to hide in a drawer . no hurry , Jack . Bobby throw the key back . jack you say I be not good for a bet ? bobby rigg no , I be just say keep the engine warm , do not scratch my paintwork , you know ? the boy laugh as Jack curse and walk away . 13 omitted 13 14 int . town tennis CENTER -- locker room . manhattan . later . 14 teak locker , steam come from the shower , a man on a massage table get treatment and a card table . lot of man in towel loung around . hank be read a article about billie Jean . Bobby be get change . notice the article . bobby rigg '' the hundred thousand dollar girl '' . do not see anybody on the senior Tour get a hundred gee . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 20 hank reckons she should get more . same as the man . bobby rigg she 's not happy with a hundred thousand dollar , now ? that billie Jean King . just what be she problem ? hank it 's all equality this , equality that now , Bobby . bra burn and the like . bobby rigg why would they pay woman the same as the guy ? why would they ? herb I say there 's nothing wrong with watch a nice girl in a short skirt run after a ball . bobby rigg no argument there , Jack , but I could beat any woman on the planet . any of they . and what be they pay I on the senior ? anybody offer I equal prize money ? no , sir . peanut , that 's what I be get . peanut . silence . then : hank that would be a bet . bobby rigg what ? hank Bobby riggs versus billie Jean King . I would pay a lot to see that . all the man stare at Bobby , suddenly interested . 15 int . gene shawcove 's hair salon . day . 15 nine tennis player renegade be have they hair do : billie Jean King , rosie casal ( El salvadorian - american ) , julie heldman ( gladys 's daughter ) , valerie ziegenfuss ( very blonde ) , peach bartkowicz ( Polish - american ) , nancy richey ( always knitting ) , kristy pigeon ( only 20 ) , kerry melville reid ( English ) and judy tegart dalton ( older , Australian ) . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 21 gladys smoke as she pay the salon with a personal check . billie Jean can not sit still in the chair where she 's mean to be have she hair do by marilyn barnett ( late twenty ) . peach gladys ? what if some of the man decide they want to join we tour ? you know , in solidarity ? billie Jean pop out of she seat . Marilyn 's hand reach after she , helpless to keep she in the chair . billie jean no ! that 's the whole point ! we have to show everyone we can bring in the crowd without the man . rosie how be ticket sale go ? billie jean good ! Fine ! we be work on it ! julie heldman be we go to have we hair do before every event ? because I could get use to this . some of the woman make noise of agreement . billie jean right ! um. gladys ? billie Jean sit back in she chair , cede the floor to gladys . Marilyn resume styling billie Jean 's hair . gladys the salon be a once -only , because the press be here and because I love you . tomorrow , the press be not here and I do not love you . julie what about I , Mom ? you will still love I , right ? some of the girl laugh . gladys this be a budget tour , lady . and yes , you will be share room , so you might as well start get friendly . peach I call bunk with Valerie ! battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 22 rosie I think you be get we a sponsor , gladys . gladys I be , I be and I will . until then , we be break , so shut up . valerie wait , what about we prize money ? rosie why be you worried , Val ? you only get prize money if you win . lot of laughter and mock ' ooh 's from the girl . billie Jean pop back out of she chair . Marilyn frown . billie jean listen , everyone . I know how much you be risk here , because I be risk the exact same thing . gladys more . billie jean no . the same . we be all put we career on the line for this . so I thank you . for you bravery . and you ball . the woman applaud and whoop . billie Jean grin . gladys all right ! you have get thirty minute until we go face the press ! how long ? outrage from the girl . gladys ( cont 'd ) okay , twenty . as gladys pass by billie , billie grab she arm . billie jean anything from the uslta ? from Jack ? gladys not a word . they be up to something . gladys walk away . hand clasp billie Jean 's shoulder . billie Jean look up at Marilyn , who hold onto she . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 23 marilyn sit. please . billie jean sorry . I be excited . or nervous . something . billie Jean sit in front of Marilyn . bonny , the stylist work on Julie , pipe up : bonny sound like you girl be get man to pay attention to what you be say for once . julie you know what would really get they attention ? a sex strike . peach would not that punish we as much as the man ? valerie I do not even think I have miss it . my ex go about it like he be fix the carburetor on the oldsmobile . rosie and he never could get that damned car to start . the girl laugh . marilyn ( quiet , to billie Jean at least woman know where the carburetor be . right ? billie Jean do not know how to answer . Marilyn lean over so she face be level with billie 's , intimat marilyn ( cont ’d ) so , billie Jean . what do you want ? billie jean .+- what ? marilyn with you hair . what do you want to do with it ? billie jean oh , um . it do not matter . just get it out of my face . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 24 marilyn you do not care what you look like ? someone as pretty as you ? billie jean what ? no. I be not pretty . I mean thank you . but that 's not I . marilyn if you say so . billie Jean can not look away from this woman 's direct gaze . billie jean what 's you name again ? marilyn Marilyn barnett . you be all tennis player ? billie jean yeah . you do not watch tennis ? marilyn I do not own a tv . Marilyn run she finger through she hair . it feel good . billie Jean close she eye . her face relax . she open she eye , feel catch . billie jean sorry . that feel nice . we be close on she face , Marilyn 's hand . it 's sensual . billie jean ( cont 'd ) what be that ? be that perfume ? marilyn I like to put lavender oil on my wrist . to relax the customer . Marilyn lean over so she face be next to billie jean' . marilyn ( cont 'd ) why do not you let I give you a trim ? you will come out feel like a new person . billie jean I do not think a haircut have ever make I feel anything like that . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 25 15a marilyn well , you have never have I cut you hair . relax . I promise I / 1l make you happy . Marilyn go to work on billie Jean 's hair . billie Jean watch she in the mirror , transfix in spite of herself . int . front desk . gene shawcove 's hair salon . day . 15 a the nine be hurry out the door . billy Jean linger , put on she jacket . her hair be short and much more stylish . she watch Marilyn sweep up . billie jean thanks again . I really like what you do with it . marilyn it be my pleasure . good luck . rosie bang on the window . they be late . billie jean come ! billie Jean root around in she bag , pull out some flier . she hand they out to various hair dresser in the salon . billie jean ( cont ’d ) here . we be play in San Diego next month . billie Jean hand a flier to Marilyn . Marilyn smile . billie Jean look away , nervous . billie jean ( cont 'd ) okay . I gotta run . bye . and billie Jean be out the door . Marilyn watch she go . bonny come over , fan herself with the flier . bonny you think she know she 's gay ? marilyn dunno . but she sure she know I be . billie Jean peer back over she shoulder . Eye contact . Marilyn wave . billie Jean quickly turn away . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 26 16 int . conference room . day . 16 a room full of photographer and Press , all face the newly - coiff nine . they be lead out onto the stage by gladys who do a lot of noisy choreograph . 17 int . conference room . stage . day . 17 gladys peaches , there . Kerry , Kerry , I know he 's cute , but can you just - thank you . Judy , here . Larry King be sit at the back , surround by paperwork . he get up and go to billie Jean , murmur in she ear . larry guess who show up ? he nod . there at the back be Jack Kramer . billie move out of the line - up and walk through the Press . billie jean Jack . jack billie Jean , what you be do here , this be a big mistake . billie jean be you here to give we another option , Jack ? jack on behalf of the uslta , I be here to ask you girl not to do anything hasty . billie jean so what be you offer ? equal prize money ? woman at every tournament ? jack I be offer to keep you in the United States lawn tennis Association . billie jean you be throw we out ? jack if you do this , you be become we rival . we will have no option . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 27 billie jean we will miss you pretty face , Jack , but go right ahead . the nine be sit , wait , though there 's still a hubbub surround they . gladys hey , billie Jean ! billie jean one minute . jack I be not sure you understand . if you be not in the uslta , you can not play the Grand slam . no wimbledon , no Palm Springs , no nothing . billie jean oh , I get it . but what will you Grand slam be without the best woman player in the world ? not so grand . I appreciate you come , but if you have get nothing to offer , I have get a contract to sign . bye , Jack . she walk away . Larry be wait with paperwork . ' larry a deal ? billie jean nope . no deal . ' larry so do it . he hand a pen to billie Jean . she look Larry in the eye . billie jean we be really do this . larry proud of you . she add she signature to the list on the contract . Larry hand she a dollar bill . larry ( cont 'd ) you be in . one dollar . do not spend it all at once . she go to join the nine . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 28 gladys okay , hold that dollar bill up ! be we at a funeral , or what ? smile ! flash gun pop . the nine hold out they dollar bill . through a fix grin ... billie jean keep smile , lady , but we have just be throw out of the uslta . gladys give old Jack a wave , girl . do not let he see you care . and they wave they dollar bill at he , stand motionless in the doorway . jack yeah . a dollar . remember that , lady . one dollar . cameras click . freeze frame on the photo for a second . a lot of slightly threaten face . 20 omitted 20 20a ext . local airport drop off area . day . 20 a gladys and the nine pile out of various car , carting they suitcase and equipment . it 's a lot of stuff . they hug and kiss love one goodbye . billie Jean hug Larry . larry take care of yourself on the road . billie jean I always do . larry I will see you in Los Angeles . call if you need anything . billie jean Larry ! do not let the plant die . she smile . he salute she . 18 ext . tennis court . florida . day . 18 rosie and billie play each other , go hard . billie score a final point to win the game . we pull out to reveal : bleacher three - quarter empty , a few fan huddle in they coat . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 29 billie Jean and rosie run off the court to a smatter of applause . 21 int . radio studio . day . 21 Music , jingle . the nine be crowded around a table in a tiny radio studio . across the table , the dj . DI .+- and for all you tennis fan out there , we be privileged to have the great billie Jean King in the studio , along with a lot of very lively WTA tennis player . say hi , lady . the nine yell '' hi ! '' rosie , sassy , call out , '' hi lady ! '' dj ( cont 'd ) so you be renegade from the tennis establishment . be that right ? billie jean yup ! the US lawn tennis Association be not give we woman we fair share , so we think : hey , we will do it for ourselves . do and how be this different from a normal tennis tournament ? billie jean we want to get tennis away from the stuffy old country club game . after all , this be 1973 . 22 omitted 22 22r ext . tennis court . day . 22a peaches take a win shot . applause from a small but vocal crowd that include billie Jean , ice pack on she knee , cheer harder than anybody . billie jean ( v.0 . ) I love it when the crowd cheer , shout out they support . Love it . 228 omitted 228 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 30 22d int . radio studio . day . 22d DI you girl be play a lot of tournament - that 's some schedule . 22e int . gym . day . 22e the nine push a massive roll of astroturf over a gym floor . lot of heaving as the plastic grass roll out . billie jean ( v.o. ) it 's pretty much non-stop . a new tournament every week , right across America . 22d contint . radio studio . day . 22d cont DI do not you miss you husband ? billie jean sure . but we be use to it . pro player be almost never home . peaches lean forward to the microphone with a wick grin . peach some of we do not have husband . a burst of giggle from the nine . DI whoa ! single man , you hear it here first . 226 omitted 226 22h int . locker room . day . 22h rosie and billie Jean wash out they sock in the hotel bathroom sink . dj ( v.0 . ) and what do you girl get up to in you down time ? billie jean ( v.o. ) down time ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 31 22d contint . radio station . day . 22d cont . the girl all look at each other and laugh . the dj smile . dg I take it that be the wrong question . 22f ext . supermarket day . 22f the nine hand out ticket at a intersection . rosie ( v.0 . ) here 's the inside scoop . we be do everything : lay the court , sell the ticket , publicity ... not to mention keep up with we practice . 22d contint . radio studio day . 22d cont bg wow-wee . be not that a lot of pressure ? billie jean pressure be a privilege . we be try to change the sport here . Julie cut she off , try to lighten the mood . julie but above all , it 's fun . come see for yourselves ! rosie bring you daughter -- peach -- you son ! billie jean bring the whole family . that 's the point of this tour . it 's for everyone . 19 int . diner . florida . evening . 19 the nine be sit around a big table in a dismal diner as the rain smashes against the window . billie Jean be wrapping a tea-towel full of ice cube around she swollen knee . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 32 a waitress put down a solitary bowl of fries for the whole table . waitress be that it ? for all of you ? the door bang open and in come gladys , cigarette in mouth . gaze at the dour group . gladys who die ? billie jean hey , gladys . gladys oh , I get it . it 's all my fault . well , gladys have get just the thing for you miserable ingrates ... she delve in she bag and start throw packet of cigarettes at the nine . valerie cigarettes . fabulous . gladys not just any cigarettes . Virginia slim ! rosie none of we smoke , gladys . gladys you do now . lady and gentlelady , may I present to you the Virginia slim championship , a gladys heldman , Philip Morris co ~ production . smoke we gut out around the United States of America in return for twelve month of funding and a winner 's prize of -- drum roll , stand by on the cymbal -- seven thousand dollar ! this wake everybody up . billie jean woah ! every tournament ? gladys every tournament . that will perk up you lousy second serve . whoops from the nine . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 33 julie Way to go , Mom ! gladys do not I tell you gladys would come through ? peach I will smoke to that . peaches take a cigarette be light by gladys and promptly cough she gut out . gladys grab the cigarette . she now have one in she hand and one in she mouth . gladys you do the tennis , 1 /11 do the smoking . from today , my girl , be properly fund . we be professional . we be serious and we be go big . I have ask Ted tingling to join as we personal couturier . you be all go to have tennis dress make just for you ! excite response from the nine . gladys ( cont ’d ) and I be put in call to every woman who 's ever pick up a racket . guess who 's sign already ? Margaret Court . '' ooh '' from the nine . rosie be afraid , billie Jean , be very afraid . billie jean I can take she . more '' ooh '' . gladys well , you will have you chance soon enough , because she 's arrive next week . lady , before you know it , be gonna be the only party in town . put both cigarettes in she mouth . inhale and exhales magnificently . gladys ( cont ’d ) waitress , ice-cream sundae all xound . we be in the money ! battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 34 20 omitted 20 22c int . dressing room . day . ( ambassador auditorium ) 22 '' in a bright yellow tennis dress , billie Jean be stand with she arm up as ted tinling , the tall , gay , English couturier to the player , pin billie 's sleeve . henry , Ted 's assistant , work on the hem of Valerie 's skirt . valerie you do know tennis player normally wear white , right ? ted and where 's the fun in normal , may I ask ? if you want to attract a audience , you must put on a show . you girl will look like flower strewn across the astroturf . a veritable bouquet . billie jean I think it 's wonderful . rosie walk from the bathroom in another outfit . Ted motion for she to do a twirl in the dress . she do and put in a imaginary serve at the end . Ted narrow he eye . nod . henry you be clever , Ted . ted thank you , Henry . 30a ext . airport . day . 30a , the nine exit the terminal . gladys look around . gladys it 's Wednesday , it must be San Diego . 31 ext . seaport motel . san diego . dusk . 31 a car pull up outside the motel . margaret court , 29 , statuesque Australian , get out hold she baby , Daniel . her husband , barry , join she . they gaze at the building . margaret court not exactly the ritz . billie Jean and gladys come out . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 35 gladys Margaret Court , welcome to the nuthouse . billie jean hi , Margaret . margaret court billie Jean . a awkward pause . this two do not get on . billie jean if you be look for the spa , the restaurant or the swim pool , there be not one . gladys but if you be look for the ticket you be sell at the intersection , they be right here . she dump a load of ticket into Barry 's hand . 32 ext . tennis court . san diego . day . 32 billie Jean and Margaret Court be signing autograph . billie Jean sign almost mechanically . a pair of hand push the flier for the match at billie Jean . marilyn ( 0.s. ) Nice hair . billie Jean look up , right into marily n 's eye . billie jean you come . marilyn why do not you tell I how good you be ?! billie Jean laugh . Margaret clock they interaction as she walk away . marilyn ( cont 'd ) can I ask you a question ? billie jean you can . I may not answer it . marilyn do you like dance ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 36 33 int . bobby 's house . drawing room . night . 33 bizarrely , Bobby and Bobby 's son be both stand on a very small coffee table in the middle of a very formal , ornate room . Bobby take a huge step over onto a large armchair . he hold out a hand and heave junior across . bobby's son watch out for the alligator . they be try to get from one end of the room to the other without touch the floor . bobby rigg okay , here 's hard . bobby's son quicksand , right ? bobby rigg acid quicksand . he leap off the back of the armchair onto a chest . Bobby 's son reach for the dado rail attach to the wall . it 's a stretch . bobby's son dad , what if I do not make it ? bobby rigg what kind of question be that ? you be a riggs . we always make it . bobby's son yes , but - bobby rigg = burn you to the bone in second . most painful death know to mankind . where do you think you elder brother disappear to ? now go . somehow he terrify son get himself flat against the wall , shuffles towards the safety of the sofa . then ... bobby's son dad ... he come crash onto the floor , bring a vase of flower and a couple of frame photograph with he battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 37 34 bobby rigg you blow it . I can not believe it . his son pick himself up . seem surprised to be still alive . then a knock at the front door . Bobby start tidy up quickly . the knock come again . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) gimme a hand here , kiddo . honey ! can you ? just read junior a story . int / ext . bobbya' house . doorstep . night . 34 Priscilla open the door to a perfectly - attire chauffeur . behind he be a roll royce . the chauffeur hold out a set of key . chauffeur good evening , madam . compliment of mister Jack dreyfus . priscilla Bobby ? she peer at the car . priscilla ( cont ’d ) do you know anything about a - Bobby 's son be at the door . bobby's son = roll royce ! cool ! bobby rigg 0 /s roll what ? no , I - Bobby appear in the hall . see the car . see Priscilla stare at he . bobby rigg dammit , Jack . priscilla after everything we discuss . everything we agree . bobby rigg I know , I know . I agree ! look , it be just once - week ago - it be all Jack 's idea , I do not really battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 38 priscilla how could you , Bobby , how could you ? bobby rigg ( shrug ) just happen . priscilla it always just happen . bobby rigg maybe we can - priscilla - no . not this time . I have have enough . it 's all about you all the time . you be like a little kid - bobby rigg - you be great with kid - priscilla - I already have a child , Bobby ! and I be think about he when I say enough . you promise , you let we down , you promise you let we down . over and over . I be sorry , Bobby . no more . bobby rigg okay , okay , I get it . Bobby snatch the key from the motionless chauffeur . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) gimme that . 35 int . night club . night . 35 a 1973 club . Music blast , mirror ball , flair , sequin . at the bar , Marilyn and billie be talk , in a world of they own . marilyn I can not believe how you move on the court . it 's like watch some wild animal . billie Jean laugh at she hyperbole . she 's have fun . billie jean well , I be glad you enjoy it . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 39 marilyn enjoy it ?? I have never see anything like it . it must be intoxicating . billie jean play tennis ? marilyn be inside you skin . there 's a moment . billie Jean swallow , overwhelm . just then , a handsome man approach billie Jean . handsome man I be sorry to do this , Mrs. King , but I be such a huge fan . billie jean oh , thank you . handsome man do you dance as well as you serve ? billie Jean shake she head regretfully . billie jean thanks , but we be just go to watch . but Marilyn stand . marilyn I would love to dance . handsome man sure thing . 35a int . night club . night . 35 a he lead Marilyn onto the dance floor . billie Jean watch , feel strangely jealous . Marilyn move flirtatiously , touch the man 's shoulder . across the dance floor , she make eye contact with billie Jean - be she flirt with he or I ? Marilyn look away . billie Jean keep watch . 35b int . night club . hallway . later . 35b in the mirrore hallway , billie Jean and Marilyn wait in line for the bathroom with other woman . Marilyn fix she lipstick . billie Jean watch in the mirror . marilyn here . let I do yours . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 40 she put lipstick on billie Jean . billie Jean 's eye never leave she face . with a soft finger , Marilyn touch the edge of billie Jean 's lip , fix the line of the lipstick . marilyn ( cont 'd ) there . now you be perfect . billie Jean look at herself in the mirror , Marilyn smile beside she . Marilyn check she watch . marilyn ( cont 'd ) I should go soon . billie jean no ! why ? marilyn I have to catch a bus back to LA . billie jean at this time of night do not be silly . you can stay with I . I mean , I have two bed in my room . so . you be welcome to crash . marilyn okay . thanks . 35c omitted 35 c 35d int . seaport motel -- corridor . san diego . night . 35d billie Jean and Marilyn walk down the hallway , a few foot apart . billie Jean stop in front of she room . billie jean this be I . I mean , we . me. she laugh , nervous . tries to unlock the door . it take she a few try . finally , red-face , she get it open . billie jean ( cont 'd ) after you . Marilyn go inside . billie Jean check the empty hallway , to be sure no one be watch , before close the door . 36 int . seaport motel room . san diego . night . 36 the door shut . Marilyn turn to face billie Jean . billie Jean , hyper -aware of be alone with this woman , start talk to fill the silence . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 41 37 billie jean gladys use to make we share room , but now we can afford we own . I usually take the bed close to the door , but you can have whichever one you want . Marilyn cross to billie Jean . billie Jean shut up . she 's physically freeze . Marilyn take off billie Jean 's glass . billie jean ( cont 'd ) I be marry . marilyn and you will still be marry in the morning . they be very close together now . breathe the same air . marilyn ( cont ’d ) ( quiet ) so ...? a beat . billie Jean give a tiny nod . Marilyn lean in and kiss billie Jean . it 's soft , careful , intense . Marilyn finish the kiss and lean back to examine billie Jean 's face . billie Jean open she eye . marilyn ( cont ’d ) we can take it slow . there 's no xush -- but the end of the sentence be cut off by billie Jean kissing she , hard . within second , they hand be all over each other . they be practically discombobulate with desire . ext . long island parking lot . night . 37 a massive parking lot , empty but for a roll royce park up in splendid isolation . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 42 38 int./ ext . roll royce -- long island parking lot . night . 38 even if it be a roll royce , it 's still not the most comfortable place to spend the night . there be clothes and shoe , strewn over the seat - whatever he could pick up before be throw out of the house . Bobby be flick through a photo album . Shots of Bobby in he youth - at wimbledon hold up the winner 's trophy , then the US open trophy . he sigh and throw the album on the seat . a tiny black and white tv be show clip of the Mary Tyler Moore show . he change channel : kojak . change again and there 's a local news report about the Virginia slim Tour . Bobby stay on this channel , stare closer at the set as billie Jean be see play rosie . 39 int . seaport motel room . san diego . night . 39 billie Jean and Marilyn be now on top of the bed , they hand all over each over , mouth lock together . the phone ring . billie react as if electrocute . she virtually push Marilyn off she and jump out of bed . billie jean it 's Larry ! marilyn what ? billie jean or gladys ! Jesus , what if it 's my parent ? marilyn they can not see down the phone , can they ? the phone continue to ring . billie jean I be a really bad liar . marilyn you do not have to lie . anyone ask , you have get a girlfriend stay over . billie jean do not joke . do not ...do ... anything . just please be quiet . please . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 43 marilyn scout 's honor . billie Jean take a deep breath , reach for the phone . 40 ext . long island parking lot . night . 40 Bobby be on a gas station pay phone by the side of a highway . bobby rigg Eureka ! 41 ext . long island parking lot / int . billie jean' seaport 41 motel room . night . billie jean hello ? bobby rigg Eureka , billie Jean . billie jean ( beginning of panic ) what ? who be this ? bobby rigg - it 's Bobby . Bobby riggs . billie jean oh. Bobby . how do you get my - bobby rigg - ring every hotel in San Diego . listen , I have a idea . it 's the great idea I ever have . billie jean it 's past midnight , Bobby . can it wait ? Marilyn get out of bed , go into the bathroom . bobby rigg you and I , billie Jean . Three set . five set . you choose . billie jean be you drunk , Bobby riggs ? bobby rigg course not . man versus woman , billie . ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 44 bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) male chauvinist pig versus hairy - legge feminist . no offense . you be still a feminist , right ? billie jean I be a tennis player who happen to be a woman . bobby rigg that 's right ! that 's exactly who you be . and I be tennis player who happen to be a man . who say he can beat any woman on the planet . think of the publicity we would get . think of the money . billie jean no . bobby rigg thirty - five grand . billie jean where do you get that kind of money ? bobby rigg you see , you be tempt . billie jean I be really not . bobby rigg billie , this be not just another match , this could be bigger than bigsville , broad than Broadway , higher than - what 's a really high thing ? billie jean you be sounding pretty high . bobby rigg this could be huge , billie Jean . billie jean no way . I win , I beat a fifty year old man . Big deal . bobby rigg fifty -five . of course you would win . you should see my hip . I can barely walk . so prove it . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 45 billie jean you win , and every male supremacist dinosaur in the country be right : woman can not play tennis . not a chance . bobby rigg be you say I might win ? billie jean I be say good night , Bobby . * bobby rigg billie , wait ..! billie jean and for you information , I do shave my leg . bobby rigg you do ? that 's lovely ! do not hang up - Bobby be leave listen to the disconnect tone , heartbroken . billie Jean flop back onto the bed . Marilyn come out of the bathroom in a bathrobe and go to the bed . * marilyn who the hell be that ? * billie jean some crazy old hustler try to get a game . sorry . * marilyn * yeah , where we ? apparently you * shave you leg . * she run she hand up billie 's leg . but billie stop she . * billie jean * Marilyn . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 46 marilyn what ? do I do something wrong ? billie jean no . it 's just - this be not right . marilyn it be a minute ago . billie jean I be marry . marilyn and you will still be marry in the morning . she drop she robe to the floor . billie 's eye widen . billie jean oh . 42 omitted 42 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 47 42a ext . larry rigg 's apartment . night . 42a late twenty larry rigg , Bobby 's son from he first marriage , sleepily answer the door in he night - shirt . Bobby be stand on the doorstep . bobby rigg Larry ! they stare at each other for a while , then Larry sigh heavily and walk back into the house . Bobby follow . 423 int . larry rigg 's apartment . night . 423 Larry move a cushion off the sofa and wave in its direction to Larry : he new bed . bobby rigg it 's just for tonight . and maybe tomorrow . larry sure . bobby rigg a misunderstanding . Priscilla go off the deep end sometimes . you see my roll royce ? larry yeah , awesome , dad . you gonna live in it ? bobby rigg no , I - I get plan , Larry . Big plan . larry Heard ‘em . all of ‘em . he wander back to he bedroom . bobby rigg I have . you will see . 43 int / ext . bobby 's house . morning . 43 Bobby be stand outside . the door to the house be very close . he shout up hopefully . bobby rigg honey , come on ... not even a fresh pair of underpant ? toothbrush ? ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 48 bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) I have get a mouth like I eat a raccoon . with the fur on . stand back from the bedroom window , Priscilla watch . despite herself , a brief giggle bubbles up . she suppress it fast . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , doll . one time . I admit it , I fall off the wagon , okay ? though as wagon go , you gotta admit it 's a good one . there 's even a tv in the back .... honey , I be go to the therapist right now to straighten myself out ... can not we talk about this ? nothing . he turn and wander back to the roll . a top window open . he turn in time to see a pair of underpant float down towards he . 44 int . therapist's office . later . 44 Bobby be lie on the therapist 's black leather couch , stare at the ceiling . the therapist stare into space . bobby rigg it 's a disaster . I need a way back and she will not budge . I do not know why she will not meet I halfway . that 's not unreasonable to ask , be it ? therapist have you consider that you might be come at this from the wrong angle ? bobby rigg every angle , I try every angle , doc. believe I . therapist well , I know we have discuss this before , Bobby ... bobby rigg oh , I dunno . therapist you be a Alpha male , she 's a Alpha female . maybe you have to face the fact that she 's just not the right woman for you . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 49 Bobby consider . decide . bobby rigg Nah . I appreciate what you be say , Doc , but billie Jean would make the best match by a million mile . she 's the face of this woman . the leader . ' therapist at this rate , she 's not even go to be number one next season . bobby rigg she be not ? ' therapist nope. Margaret Court . bobby rigg the Arm 's gonna be number one ? ( interested ) huh . stick or twist ? Bobby lean forward , revealing a low table with play card . therapist twist . Bobby turn a card . bobby rigg Jack of heart . bad luck . disgust , the therapist throw he card down . ' therapist the point be , not only be Margaret go to be number one , she 's a different kind of woman . bobby rigg you think she would play I ? therapist she 's a nice , old - fashioned girl , Bobby : she will do as she 's damn well tell . 4an int . seaport motel . billie jean' room . morning . 44a Marilyn sit on the bed , dress , while billie Jean tear around the room . she be in a total panic . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 50 45 billie jean I know I should not have drunk so much last night . car key . car key . marilyn you hardly drank anything . she carry on blunder around look for she key . billie jean well , something happen . if anyone find out , I have be finish . finish . there be plenty of people just wait for I to mess up , you know . God , what if my parent 's find out ? dammit , where be my car key ?! marilyn in you hand . billie Jean look down at she own leave hand . she 's hold she sunglass - and she car key . billie jean oh . thank you . marilyn nobody 's go to find out , okay ? it be one night . you be go you way , I be go mine . billie jean okay . okay . she put she sunglass on . billie jean ( cont 'd ) you go out now . I will wait five minute and follow . no , that will look suspicious . maybe you should just stay here . marilyn you be go to give I a ride ? billie jean right . right. right . right on . ext . seaport motel parking lot . day . 45 overseen by gladys , the Virginia slim Girls throw they bag into they car . Margaret Court hold she baby while she husband pack up they car . billie Jean stride into the parking lot late and dishevel , Marilyn trail a few step behind . * a frr ee ee ae * battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 46 50a int . / ext . ted' car / seaport motel parking lot . day . 46 Ted tinl , sit in he lincoln Continental convertible with Henry he assistant . beautifully dress , the mannequin sit in the back . Ted 's huge hand be dextrously sewing sequin onto a dress . he look up as he see billie and Marilyn . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 51 ted well , look who we have here . henry late and a little deshabillé , would not you say ? ted I would , Henry , I most definitely would . henry and what do you think Larry would say ? he must know . ted well there 's know and there 's know . he lean out of the window . ted ( cont ’d ) ( loud , to billie Jean ) good morning , darling . sleep well ? he wave a casual hand at billie Jean . billie Jean give he a short wave , try to act normal . gladys be hand out pack of cigarettes to everyone . gladys nobody later than four . rosie , no more speed ticket . we be tennis , not nascar . and girl , for God 's sake , some slim at the photo - call ? we need they to renew they contract . they be good to we and c’mon , they be not so bad . I , I love ‘em ! she take a massive drag on one to prove she point and nearly die . a couple of car pull out on they way to the next tournament . recovering , gladys eye billie Jean . gladys ( cont ’d ) you be late . who 's this ? billie jean nobody . a friend . Marilyn extend she hand to gladys . marilyn Marilyn . from the gene shawcove salon in LA . remember ? gladys eye she dubiously . gladys LA ? well , you have come a long way , baby . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 51a rosie come up and clap a hand on Marilyn 's shoulder . rosie hey ! Marilyn , right ? you do a fabulous job on my hair . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 52 marilyn who would not ? it 's great hair . peach oh my gosh , gladys ! be she come on the tour with we ? gladys no , she be not . General consternation . valerie please , gladys ? with all the photo shoot we be do , we need a hairdresser . gladys that 's 11 be a '' N '' follow by a '' of " , how 's you spelling , val ? rosie oh , come on . I be sure we would all be willing to pay a little . General agreement . billie Jean shake she head . billie jean no , Marilyn have to get back to the salon in LA -- marilyn they will not miss I for a few day . that be , if you will have I ? Marilyn look directly at billie Jean , who stare back , tear . only Margaret , in she car , clock this look between they . peach oh please , gladys , I have not have a minute to get this bang do . julie Mom , please ? imagine have we own stylist ! a chorus of plead . gladys be besiege . gladys can you do anything with this ? she indicate she own slightly crazy hair . marilyn of course . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 53 47 gladys get in the car . a cheer from the nine . gladys stomp off . Marilyn look at billie Jean . marilyn okay ? billie Jean give a nod of assent . Marilyn get in billie Jean 's car . billie Jean get in and they all drive off . only Margaret Court , sit in she car , feed baby Daniel , be unimpress . int . / ext . margaret court car / seaport motel parking lot . 47 day . margaret court you know what she be , do not you ? that woman with billie Jean ? barry a hairdresser ? margaret court her lover . barry that girl ? and billie Jean ? margaret court I hear they last night , Barry . and if that be cramp , then I be Arthur ashe . barry but - but she 's marry . margaret court they usually be . this be what happen on a all - woman circuit , Barry . licentiousness . immorality . sin. barry she should not be allow on the tour . margaret court on the contrary . barry what ? be not she ashamed of herself ? margaret court she be ashamed . that 's exactly what she be . and she game 's go to go to piece . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 54 48 int / ext . billie jean' car / coastal highway . day . 48 the top be down on the dodge coronet . billie be drive . marilyn thanks for let I come along . billie jean what happen last night can not ever happen again . we have to stop fool around . marilyn be that what it be ? fool around ? billie jean yes . no. silence for a moment . billie jean ( cont ’d ) look , I be a tennis player , Marilyn . on tour . it 's my job . I be serious about it . even Larry know not to get in the way of that . marilyn I promise not to distract you . billie jean but you do distract I ! you distract I just be here . ( half -jok ) I mean , who be you ? what be you even do with I ? Marilyn put she arm across billie Jean 's shoulder and lean in . marilyn we do not have to do anything you do not want to do . okay ? Friends . billie jean sure . okay . marilyn really good friend . she raise she eye suggestively at billie . billie look over at Marilyn , and shake she head . billie jean I swear , I do not know what to do with myself around you . marilyn right now ? just drive . ahhh * battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 55 49 Marilyn flip the radio on . the car accelerate away . int . LA bonaventure HOTEL foyer . day . 49 at the reception desk , gladys be bang on the service bell with gusto . the Virginia slim Girls pile into the foyer all noise and tennis bag . Margaret Court be also at the desk , baby Daniel on she hip , scream the house down . she shove it towards gladys who absolutely refuse to help . gladys ah-ah . do not do baby . can we get some service around here ? Margaret heave the baby onto rosie who have a quick attempt at comforting it . rosie Babies hate I . what do you do with they ? she peer at he , cause a renew frenzy of scream . billie Jean take the baby and calm he down . Barry arrive weigh down with baby stuff and tennis equipment . the receptionist finally return with a huge bunch of flower . receptionist :+.and this be for you , madam . whistles and appreciative sigh from the woman as Margaret signal that Barry should take they . somehow he do . and glance at the card . barry bobby-goddam-riggs . margaret court enough with the curse word , Barry . he shove the flower at gladys . gladys Bobby know you get one of they , right ? she point at Barry . gladys ( cont 'd ) and have one of that ? she point at baby Daniel . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 56 49 n 498 49c 49d 498 50 margaret court oh , it 's not that . Barry 's have dinner with the guy , have not you , hon ? look between the Girls . Margaret turn and take Daniel from billie Jean , say pointedly . margaret court ( cont 'd ) I will take Daniel , thank you very much . int . bonaventure HOTEL - elevator . day . 49 a Marilyn and billie Jean get into one of the signature bonaventure glass elevator . the door close and they rise up , as the panorama of Los Angeles open in front of they . in this public / private moment , billie Jean reach for Marilyn 's hand . they finger intertwine , clandestine . we cut to a telephoto view of the elevator , widen to take in the whole hotel . omitted 498 omitted 4 gc omitted 49d int bonaventure HOTEL . corridor . night . 49e the empty corridor . a wail baby . int . billie jean' bonaventure HOTEL room . later . 50 Marilyn wake to see billie out of bed . in the middle of the bedroom , billie Jean stand , play a invisible game of tennis against the wall with she hand , a one -side ballet of movement , elegant in they miniaturized form ; foot -slide , serve , backhand , forehand , slam ... marilyn what be you do ? billie Jean respond without stop or look at Marilyn . billie jean play Margaret . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 57 marilyn be you win ? billie jean one set each . Margaret 's serve . she continue to play . marilyn do not you ever stop ? billie jean not really . I warn you . Marilyn get out of bed and take billie 's hand . marilyn come to bed . billie jean that be break point . but she allow herself to be lead back to bed . billie Jean and Marilyn lie in each other 's arm . it 's quiet , intimate . billie jean ( cont 'd ) how be you so free with yourself ? it seem like you just do whatever you want . marilyn no , I be just - normal , bille ! what make you so drive ? play tennis against invisible opponent at midnight ? billie jean when I be twelve , I play at a this tennis club - we have no money , not compare to most of the kid who go there . they be do a team photo . and my Mom have make I some white short - could not afford to buy a tennis skirt . anyway , there we be , all line up and the guy who run the club , perry Jones , point at I and tell I to get out of the shot . because I be poor . I be not dress right . I vow , I absolutely vow right there , that I would change that . and the only way I can change anything , the only way I can have a voice be by be the best . I know if I be number one , they have have to listen to I . that 's why I have to win . so I have a voice . billie look at Marilyn , she face almost glow in the dark . ae ah ahhh eee eee ee es * battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 s7 a marilyn you do have a voice . billie jean I guess I be still figure out how to use it . Marilyn kiss she , tender . 51 int . margaret' bonaventure HOTEL room . night . 51 a frazzle Barry be walk up and down try to get Daniel to sleep . finally , he stop wail and drop off . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 58 barry finally . a thunder rapping at the door . Daniel wake with a start and start bawling again . Barry yank the door open . there stand Bobby . bobby rigg dammit , Bobby , I just get he to sleep . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) Barry ! Long time , buddy , long time ... barry what the hell do you want ? bobby rigg five minute that 's all . five minute and if you do not like what I say , you will never hear from I again . barry be that a promise ? margaret court 0 /s oh , let he in , for God 's sake . Margaret come out of the bathroom carry weight in both hand . she pump as she talk , count the rep . Bobby be impressed . margaret court eighty -seven , eighty -eight ... it better be good , Bobby , nobody 's get a lot of sleep around here . bobby rigg oh , it 's good . here . he hold out he arm . take Daniel . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) okay , fella , okay . Bobby 's gotcha . a cuddly toy miraculously appear out of Bobby 's sleeve . equally miraculously , Daniel stop scream . Barry slump in a chair , exhaust . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) cute little man . any of the other girl get kid ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 59-60 51a margaret court no , just I . bobby rigg tough , huh ? tennis all day and look after this little one all night . and then there 's the travel , right ? you need a nanny , Margaret . a huff from Barry . barry know how much they cost ? bobby rigg but that 's exactly why I be here . I be guess thirty - five thousand dollar busy a lot of nanny . margaret court what 's you game , Bobby riggs ? bobby rigg you get it first time , Margaret . a game . one game , three set . you versus I , thirty - five thousand dollar . Margaret look at he suspiciously margaret court why I ? bobby rigg because you be the best . billie Jean keep on at I to play she - you know what she 's like - but I say , if you be go to play , play the number one . margaret court billie Jean 's number one . bobby rigg not for long . not if you beat she tomorrow . he point at she . gotcha . omitted 51a battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 61 52 int . bonaventure HOTEL -- breakfast area . day . 52 Ted and Henry be delicately pick they way through breakfast . something catch Henry 's eye : Larry King stride away from the reception desk down a corridor . henry oh my . ted no talk at the petit dejeuner , thank you . henry but it 's Larry . ' ted aha. henry Larry King . ted oh . ohhh . I think we would better make a call . this hotel just do not have the french window for farce . scoot to the hotel phone . 53 int . bonaventure lobby / int . billie jeans 's bonaventure 53 HOTEL room . day . billie Jean be lie in bed . she reach for the phone . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 62 ted Ted here , darling . I just think you would like un petit head up . Larry 's in the building . billie jean oh. shit. right . thanks . billie Jean scramble to she foot , glance around the room rather desperately . grab a robe . shove a short skirt and tight under a pillow , tidy the bed , plump one set of pillow to look unslept in . hide Marilyn 's suitcase under the bed . she eye the result dubiously . 54 int . bonaventure lobby . day . 54 Larry be wait for the elevator when Marilyn come down the hall carry a champagne - label ice bucket full of ice and join he wait for the elevator . she glance at he . he glance at she . like what he see . the elevator door open . larry go up ? marilyn five , please . larry I too . irrefutable . the door close . 55 omitted 55 56 int . bonaventure elevator . day . 56 Larry indicate the bucket . larry start early ? marilyn oh ... well , you know what they say , never too early for champagne . larry my kind of girl . Eye contact . nervous chuckle . larry ( cont ’d ) you here for the tennis ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 63 56a marilyn sure be . larry I too . I reckon billie Jean 's gonna take it . marilyn oh , be you a fan ? larry could say that . int . bonaventure HOTEL corridor . day . 56 a Bing . the door open . Larry hold the elevator door for Marilyn who step out . larry well . see you around . marilyn maybe . she laugh and walk off down the corridor . Larry let she go a little so he can admire the rear view , then follow she down the corridor . she turn the corner , stop at one of the door but before she can unlock it , the door be flung open . billie Jean with she welcome husband face on . billie jean hi! billie Jean be confront with Marilyn ... billie jean ( cont 'd ) oh. ... just as Larry catch up and stop too . billie Jean try again - with the husband . billie jean ( cont 'd ) hi! larry hi , honey . a terrible pause as they both turn and look at Marilyn . Larry look at billie Jean . billie jean this be ... Marilyn . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 64 he look back at Marilyn . the penny drop . larry oh . billie Jean attempt a introduction . billie jean Larry . marilyn ( another penny drop ) oh. oh. please to meet you . billie jean marily n 's -- marilyn -- the hairdresser around here . billie jean Larry 's -- larry -- the husband around here . marilyn peaches want a blow -dry . I x11 come back later . Marilyn start to walk away . larry Marilyn ? she swing back , a desperate smile die on she face . larry ( cont 'd ) be the ice for billie Jean 's knee ? Marilyn look at billie Jean , who look at the ground . Marilyn nod . Larry reach out , take the bucket from she . larry ( cont 'd ) thank you . 57 int . billie jean' bonaventure HOTEL room . day . 57 the door shut . Larry and billie Jean face each other . billie jean Larry ... but instead of confrontation , he go into the bathroom . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 65 58 59 int . billie jean' bonaventure HOTEL bathroom . day . 58 remove a lacy bra and panty from the towel rail in order to get at the towel . realize what he hold in he hand . to whom they belong . sit heavily down on the side of the bath , wind . clear he throat . larry the road be clear , so I make good time . I should have call ahead . let you know I be come . he put the bra and panty back . adjust he face . int . billie jean' bonaventure HOTEL room . day . 59 he come out with the towel and start expertly wrapping the ice cube from the bucket . billie jean Larry . larry hop up . billie Jean sit on the bed and Larry start wrapping the towel around each of she knee . billie jean I be so sorry . nothing from Larry . billie jean ( cont 'd ) Larry , say something . please . talk to I . larry do anyone know ? billie shake she head . billie jean I do not know what to do . larry nothing 's change for I , billie . we be a great team , you and I , always have be . he stand . larry ( cont 'd ) I be go to check in to a room down the hall . 1/11 be make call ' till late and you need you rest before the final . ( more ) * eee battle of the sex ~ Simon work file - 4/7/16 65a larry ( cont 'd ) if there 's anything you need , you know where to find I . he pick up he bag , go out and shut the door . billie Jean stare at the shut door . battle of 59 a 60 61 62 62a 623 63 64 65a 66 the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 66 int . bonaventure HOTEL -- corridor . day . 59 bag in hand , Larry wander down the corridor . suddenly , he stop and lean over to catch he breath . a moment . then he stand back up and keep walk . omitted 60 omitted 61 omitted 62 omitted 62a int . LA. arena . dusk . 62b Margaret Court and billie Jean be engage in a intense match . billie Jean be lose . Larry sit courtside . Marilyn be seat behind he . we be on they anxious face as billie Jean miss another shot . billie Jean mutter to herself billie jean just great . Christmas every day with BJ ... hold onto you racquet . no more mistake like that . dumb-y . omitted 63 omitted 64 int . LA arena . dusk . 65 a the crowd be on they foot applaud as Margaret Court lift the trophy . Larry look over at Marilyn , who be gather she thing , oblivious to he gaze . int . LA arena -- locker room . dusk . 66 locker room with a share bathroom . Henry be pack up box of tennis shoe while Ted put plastic cover on a rack of dress . billie Jean beat the ice in a towel , prepping she ice-pack , get she aggression out . Larry take the towel from she , and help she wrap she knee . larry let it go . you will beat she next time . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 67 billie jean how can I let it go ? my rank be on the line . larry you seem distract ... the noise of Margaret Court and she husband celebrate . billie Jean and Larry look down through the bathroom to see Barry lift Margaret into the air - a happy couple . billie Jean stand and go into the bathroom . Larry leave the room . Henry and Ted exchange a look . henry I bet I know what be distracting she . ted shh . 65 ext . LA arena . dusk . 65 Larry come out to the alleyway outside the dress room , only to find Marilyn out there , smoking . marilyn oh. hi. billie almost ready ? larry I think she will be a while . ( beat ) do billie know you smoke ? marilyn I have no idea . larry she 's not a fan . marilyn I will not tell if you will not . larry more secret . ( beat ) I gather you be stay on the tour . marilyn I be invite . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 68 66a larry not by I . and I pay you salary . a salary that come from endorsement , which would disappear in a heartbeat if certain thing be make public . marilyn I only have billie 's best interest at heart . Larry watch she smoke . larry you seem like a nice girl , Marilyn . marilyn do not condescend to I . Larry laugh shortly . larry please . I be not the competition . I be just she husband . tennis be she true love . we be side - show . you get between she and she game and you will be go . and look at the way this match go , I would not quit you job at the salon just yet . Larry walk away . Marilyn exhales . int . LA arena -- bathroom . dusk . billie Jean splashes water on she face . Margaret come in . a tense silence as Margaret undoe she shoe . finally : margaret court I meet Bobby riggs last night . funny man . billie jean tell I you do not . margaret court do not what ? he want to play a exhibition match be all . now I be officially number one . billie jean it 's not a tennis match , Margaret , you do understand that ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 69 67 margaret court what do you mean ? billie jean Bobby try that exhibition match line on I . margaret court oh . and I suppose you turn he down . billie jean be you kid ? why would I want to become part of the Bobby riggs circus ? he want to make himself look great and woman look stupid . it 's not a match , it 's a show . margaret court well , I can see why you might not want to play he . but I have get nothing to hide . through the doorway , we see Ted and Henry exchange a significant look . Margaret walk out . billie jean Margaret . she turn . billie jean ( cont ’d ) just - please . you have to win . you have to . Margaret turn again and walk off . int . LA arena -- locker room . day . 67 billie Jean go back into the locker room , where Ted and Henry wait for she clothes . billie Jean practically rip they off , she 's so mad . billie jean do you hear that ?! ted watch the seam , please . billie jean she 's play Bobby riggs . ted the Arm versus the mouth . I know where my money 's go . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 70 billie jean but what if she lose ? Ted , what if she really blow it ? he will never let it go . he will make woman 's tennis into a laugh stock . ted calm yourself , madam superstar . Margaret 's play better than ever , as I do not need to remind you . entre nous , we have even have to make some adjustment around the bicep , have not we , Henry ? henry I could not possibly . almost a inch and a half . ted well , I be just glad that you be not play he . billie jean not a chance . billie Jean head out . ted best to be careful . billie Jean stop . billie jean what do you mean ? ted it 's not always a forgive world , my dear . ( beat ) you friend be wait outside . billie lock eye briefly with Ted before walk out . 67a int / ext . larry rigg 's apartment . day . 67a Larry open the door to find Bobby in a full - body , plastic sweat suit , jogging on the spot . bobby rigg Larry ! larry rigg dad ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 71 bobby rigg hi , kiddo . can not come in , I be training . he start do squat thrust and star jump on the porch . larry rigg what the hell be you wear ? bobby rigg sweat suit . killing I , but I lose a pound every time I breathe . Heard the news ? Bobby 's back ! larry rigg yeah , I hear . bobby rigg you do ? be not it great ? larry rigg be it really happen ? bobby rigg sure it 's happen . he stop . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) will you help ? ' larry what with ? bobby rigg train , support , you know , hit a few ball for you old dad . what about it ? lornie 's come in . Larry be still suspicious . larry why I ? bobby rigg you be my son , right ? we could do this together . you , I , riggs against the world ! it 's a big deal , you know , it 's on tv - you will be on ov . larry you think you can beat she ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 72 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 15 76 7 bobby rigg I be gonna barbecue she , Larry : I get a thing . larry ( who know about thing ) oh-oh . bobby rigg yeah ! you be gonna love it ! he put a plastic arm around Larry . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) and I 'il let you into a little secret . Margaret 's just the start . larry then what ? bobby rigg you and I , kiddo , we be go global . 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 15 76 7 battle of 78 79 79r 798 79c the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 omitted omitted tv screen . Bobby fill the screen . bobby rigg now listen , I be not say woman do not belong on the court - I mean , heck , who would pick up the ball otherwise - but all this shouting about equality . I say , equality ? equal I . I be a old guy on the senior circuit get pay peanut - so if I can beat the lady 's number one , then I x11 have equal prize money , thank you very much , and the girl can get back in the kitchen where they belong . tv screen . Margaret fill the screen . margaret court oh , I do not get involved in politics . I be certainly no woman 's libber . I be just look forward to a good game of tennis . tv screen . we cut to a excited tv commentator . tv announcer ... this match have really grip the nation . suddenly a simple tennis game have become so much more . this , lady and gentleman have come to define the oldest of battle : man versus woman . and a question for we commentator today , Jack Kramer , where 's you money ? on mankind or womankind ? the camera pan to billie 's nemesis : Jack Kramer . 73 78 79 79r 798 79c battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 74 79d 80 81 82 83 83a jack oh , Bobby riggs , without a doubt . Margaret Court be a great player , no mistake , but the thing about woman be - they just can not handle pressure . just not build for it . ext . airport . day . 79d a aeroplane sit on the tarmac as passenger deplane . the nine be try to hustle through the crowd down the step from the aeroplane . billie Jean be trail by Marilyn . int . hawaii airport . arrival . day . 80 sedate line of traveller wander slowly through the arrival area . billie jean it 's start ! out of nowhere , a horde of woman in tennis white charge through , side -stepping passenger , dodging cleaner and sleepy official . gladys Virginia slim , come through ! they charge onwards leave a trail of bemusement behind they . omitted 81 omitted 82 ext . desert match court . bleacher . day . 83 Margaret come down the bleacher stair onto the court . int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 83a the Girls be crowded around a area of tiny , black and white pay tv 's . they be perch two to a seat , use three or four television . everybody be shouting at rosie to put more quarter in each of they . rosie I be do it , I be do it ! battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 15 gladys okay , shut up . everybody shut up . she turn to the entire bustling airport lounge and yell . gladys ( cont 'd ) can we have some quiet here , please ? the entire airport obey . on tv , the camera pan across the pack bleacher . julie oh my God . this be big . billie jean course it 's big . it 's Bobby . one thing that man can do be hustle . 83b omitted 83b 84 int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 84 on the tv we see Margaret stand on the court . bounce a ball . twirl she racket . look around a little lose . where 's Bobby ? peach do we like the dress ? julie it 's one of Ted 's . be we allow not to ? ted right behind you , darling . julie we love the dress . ted thank you . billie jean she look spook to I . rosie yeah , I be not like this . without take she eye off the screen , rosie hold out she hand to gladys . rosie ( cont 'd ) gladys , cigarette . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 76 85 86 gladys finally , one of my girl smoke ! somebody ring american tobacco . peach we should have be there . you know , to support she . gladys . you get a tournament to play . I own you , peaches . anyway she do not want you support . do not even like you . valerie really ? gladys ? really ? julie the Arm 's gonna be fine . she could squeeze the life outta that little twerp with one tweak of she bicep . tv announcer 0 /s and here he be , male chauvinist pig of the Year , the man to beat , Bobby riggs ! gladys . look at he . like a frog with constipation . peach what 's he carry ? they peer at the fuzzy black and white image . there 's he racket in one hand and something else in the other . ext . desert match court . day . 85 Bobby come down the stair carry a bunch of red rose , casual as you like . jog over to Margaret and hand she the rose . she curtsy shyly . tv announcer and what better gift on mother 's Day , than a bunch of red rose ! int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 86 billie Jean put she hand over she eye . rosie I be gonna kill he . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 17 gladys I be gonna kill she . she shoulda stuff that rose where the thorns mean business . what be she think ? 87 ext . desert match court . day . 87 the umpire get out a coin . toss it into the air . the coin tumble . umpire who want to call it ? bobby rigg ah- ah . come on , umpire , where 's you manners ? it 's mother 's Day . lady first . you choice , Margaret , and my pleasure . I may as well take this end , okay ? and before anybody can complain , Bobby be jogging to the base line . Margaret take up position . umpire missus Court to serve . quiet please , lady and gentleman . a hush settles over the crowd . Margaret serve hard , but Bobby take all the power off it with a slice . she return again , stay at the net . this time Bobby hit a high lob . Margaret get under it , but the sun be in she eye . White - orange pain of stare directly at the sun . the ball be in and out of vision . she connect , but it be out . a little smile from lornie in the stand . Margaret rub she eye . tries to focus . 87a int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 87a billie jean the sneaky son-of - a ... that 's why he choose to play at midday . marilyn I do not get it . billie jean right into the sun . he 's gonna lob she to death . 87b montage . 87b battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 78 Margaret Court be undone by Bobby . short shot , spin shot , slice after slice , lob right into the sun . CUT to : 87a cont int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 87a cont 88 89 90 the nine huddle around the tv screen , a look of shock on they face . Ted be fan himself with a menu , a picture of horror . CUT to : tv screen . 88 umpire game to mister riggs . mister riggs lead one set to nothing . Change end , please . they switch side , Bobby smoothly take a broad-brimmed cap from lornie as he pass . jam it on he head . jack kramer v/o ++.as I say , it 's not that woman can not play tennis , it 's just they can not deal with the pressure . Business , sport , politics , you name it . whatever they like to think , at the very top , it 's a man 's world . int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 89 there be a appal stillness around the tv screen . rosie I will give he pressure . around the wind -pipe . gladys wake up , Margaret , for god 's sake ! he 's kill she . billie jean he 's already kill she . the moment she curtsied , right there , she be dead . tv screen . 90 lob after lob go up into the sun . Margaret miss they time after time . the umpire call out the score . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 79 91 92 92a 93 umpire game , set and match to mister riggs . mister riggs win 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 . Bobby leap the net and give a stunne Margaret a hug . then he step back , point at somebody in the crowd . run over and embrace Larry , he son . int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 91 over the other side of the lounge , a group of man huddle around a radio at the bar let out yell and whoops of joy . silence around the tv screen as they watch Bobby strut around the court , arm raise in victory . applause from the bleacher . billie jean that be - that be a massacre . omitted 92 tv screen . 92a Bobby be motor- mouth to a throng of Reporters , he arm around Larry riggs . bobby rigg this be my son , Larry . lousy tennis player , great guy . okay , so : Bobby riggs be now officially the number one lady player in the world . and if there 's any lady out there want to challenge I to that crown , they know where to find I . in fact , let I put down that challenge myself . you know the Bobby riggs motto : double or nothing . well 1'11 do better . I will not just double it , I will double the double . and then I will double it again . yes , ma'am , one hundred thousand dollar to the woman who can beat I . but I ask myself , be she out there ? and if she be do she dare ? Bobby look straight down the lens , right at .... int . hawaii airport lounge . day . 93 . ++ billie Jean , stare back . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 80 rosie a hundred thousand dollar . sheesh . gladys there be not anything I do not hate about Bobby goddam riggs . not one thing . Marilyn approach , carry two ice-cream . hold one out to billie Jean . billie jean not now . furious , she get up and walk away . peach what 's get to she ? gladys fate , honey . come at she like a runaway train . 94 omitted 94 94 m int . / ext . margaret' car / desert road . day . 94 m tight -lipped , Barry drive Margaret . the radio be on . radio ... and in today 's much - publicise tennis face - off between senior pro , Bobby riggs and woman 's number one , Margaret Court , the self - style male chauvinist pig beat Mrs Court in straight set , 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 in what the press have dub ' the mother 's Day massacre '- Barry switch off the radio . margaret court oh , for goodness sake . it be just a tennis match . she look over at Barry . margaret court ( cont 'd ) be not it ? 95 95 omitted battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 81 96 int . billie jean' HOTEL room . hawaii . night . 96 billie Jean be try to wrap iced towel around she knee , but be make a mess of it . billie jean this be not tennis , it 's a soap opera . I do not want anything to do with that ! marilyn then do not . billie jean the woman 's number one can not beat a fifty - five year old ?! be you kid I ?? she just make woman 's tennis look like a joke . marilyn nobody think you be a joke . billie jean Hell , she just make woman look like a joke . marilyn billie , since when do it become you job to defend the whole of womankind ? billie Jean push the ice pack off , annoyed . billie jean who else be gonna beat he ? do not you get it ? I do not have a choice . marilyn you always have a choice . billie Jean grab she racket and a bucket of tennis ball . marilyn ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? billie jean I need to think . she grab she key and walk out . 97 omitted 97 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 82 97a 98 99 100 101 int . desert tennis centre . canteen . night . 97a Bobby , lornie and Larry sit in the only pool of light in the vast , empty dining hall . at the table be a half - finish meal , a bottle of scotch and beside he , a cart with a telephone on it . ignore , Larry be watch Bobby obsessively play patience . eventually , Larry get up . larry well , I 'il - get some sleep . bobby rigg oh. okay . and he go back to he card . larry hey , dad , you really do it . bobby rigg this ? this be nothing . you wait , kiddo , you just wait . Larry wait for more , but Bobby have disappear back into the card once again . ext . tennis court . hawaii . night . 98 darkness . one by one , the arc light above the tennis court come on . billie Jean carry a bucket of ball onto the court . she start serve . and serve and serve . int . billie jean 's HOTEL room . hawaii . night . 99 from the balcony , Marilyn watch . int . HOTEL lobby . hawaii . night . 100 billie Jean make a call from a pay phone in the lobby . int . king residence . bedroom / int . HOTEL lobby . hawaii . 101 night . ( intercut ) the phone ring in the dark bedroom . Larry wake up , turn on a light . discombobulate . he answer the phone . larry hello ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 83 billie jean Larry , I be sorry to call so late , but I need you and it can not wait . larry quit apologize . we be marry , you can call any time . what 's wrong ? billie jean Bobby riggs beat Margaret Court . larry I be watch . it be a travesty . billie jean you think I can beat he , right ? larry riggs ? in a heartbeat . billie jean then call the bozo . tell he it 's on . but nothing get agree on without my approval . venue , date , tv rights . everything . which ball we use . I know Bobby , he all be do deal on he deal by now . larry I will reach out first thing in the morning . billie jean no , now . he call I at midnight . if we be go , let 's go . larry billie Jean ? you know the press be go to be all over you , right ? billie jean yes . larry about everything ? billie jean Larry . I know . let 's do this . larry all right . I will call he now . get some sleep . billie jean Larry ? thank you . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 84 larry what for ? billie jean this . and everything else . larry do anything for you . you know that . ( beat ) good night , billie . billie jean night , Larry . they hang up . billie Jean stand there for a moment , think . 102 int . desert tennis CENTER . canteen . night . 102 alone in the canteen , Bobby be still play patience . the phone ring . he search in he pocket until he find what he 's look for - a hearing aid . put it in he ear and snatch up the phone . bobby rigg Larry !... sleep ? no , no , we get a party go on here ! to the victor , the spoil , right ? he wave the phone around vaguely in a attempt to create some atmosphere ... bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) you speak to Jerry ? you should . he 's the man . uhuh , uhuh - of course we will agree , you know I , I be a gentleman ... well , that 's just great news , Larry . great news . send my love to billie Jean . he put down the phone , put up both arm in victory . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) alright ! alright ! a echo . he look around . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) maybe some dessert ? hello ? the hello reverberate around the empty hall . 103 omitted 103 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 85 103a omitted 103a 104 int . billie jean' HOTEL room . hawaii . night . 104 billie Jean open the door . Marilyn be pack she bag . billie jean what be you do ? marilyn do not like to stay where I be not want . billie Jean sit on the bed . billie jean come here . Marilyn keep pack . billie jean ( cont ’d ) please stop . look at I . Marilyn look at she , arm hold across she chest . billie jean ( cont 'd ) it 's not that I do not want you here . the opposite , actually . billie search for the right word . billie jean ( cont 'd ) it 's just not safe for I to carry on like this . I have decide to play Bobby . and the scrutiny I will be under ... I can not risk people find out . marilyn so , what ? you be go to stay with Larry and keep pretend for the rest of you life ? billie Jean look down , try to gather she strength . marilyn ( cont 'd ) billie ? do I or do I not make you happy ? billie jean ..- it 's not about I right now . it be not even about tennis . this be a chance to do something that could really change thing , something everyone will take notice of . ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 86 105 105 a 106 107 billie jean ( cont 'd ) not just a few sport fan . everyone . ( beat ) I can not let my personal business get in the way of that . do you understand ? after a moment : marilyn '' ++ I hope you have a happy life , billie Jean . I really do . she start to pack again . billie jean you do not have to go right now . at least stay the night . marilyn no. I can not . Marilyn continue pack . billie Jean watch she . omitted int . HOTEL . hallway . hawaii . night . Marilyn drag she suitcase down a long hallway . int . HOTEL . billie jean' room . hawaii . simultaneous . 105 105 a 106 billie Jean sit on the bed , alone , processing what happen . ext . bobby 's house . day . Priscilla open the door . Bobby stand there . bobby rigg Bobby 's back ! priscilla exactly what I be afraid of . bobby rigg attagirl ! can I come in ? priscilla would it make it any difference if I say no ? she give up and walk into the house . 107 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 87 108 int . bobby 's house . sitting room . day . 108 priscilla okay . say what you want to say . bobby rigg I be on top again . I have never feel better . Fresh as a daisy . barbecue Margaret Court and now I be play billie Jean , for a hundred thousand dollar . how about that ? ABC be show it - prime time . it 's huge . priscilla you have get a nerve with that male chauvinist pig nonsense . who 's be bankrol you all this year , Bobby riggs ? me. a woman . bobby rigg you know what , you be absolutely right . and now I can pay you back . be not that fantastic ? priscilla I do not want it back . bobby rigg do you want I back ? a jolt . as ever , he 's catch she on the hop . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) Larry 's be stay with I , you know ? helping out with the training . he 's all grow up . great kid . he and junior , maybe , could , y’know , hang out some . be a family . Priscilla stare at he , consider . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) Jerry perenchio 's puffing it up like you would not believe . I be gonna be on the front cover of time Magazine - I win the triple at wimbledon and I never get the cover of time - and when I have beat billie Jean , Jerry 's put a million dollar on the table for a match against chrissy evert ... he 's move from boast to fearful . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) a million dollar ! battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 88 he stop . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) a million dollar . and then what ? Priscilla , it 's a kinda scary ride I be on . I , well , I need you , honey . priscilla we have be here before , Bobby bobby rigg no , I be a whole new person , now . ask the shrink . priscilla I do . bobby rigg voila ! what do he say ? priscilla nothing . he just give I thirty dollar . Bobby look puzzle . priscilla ( cont 'd ) what he owed you for you last game of black jack . bobby rigg oh . yeah , he be a terrible player . Priscilla laugh , shake she head . Bobby laugh too - catch - but there 's a chance . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) right ? priscilla Bobby , I love you . every since I meet you , you have make I laugh . you crazy idea , you scheme , you dream , you scam ... you fill any xoom you walk into . God , I miss that . but I need a husband , sweetheart , someone steady , a man I can rely on . and that 's just not you . that 's okay , it 's more than okay , it 's wonderful . you have get to be who you be . but I can not be it with you . not anymore . I be sorry . bobby rigg no , I be sorry . Goodbye , Priscilla . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 89 he turn and walk out . priscilla good luck with the match . he wave a hand , but do not turn round . 109 int . dinner club . day . 109 Bobby be on the payphone . he wipe away what look suspiciously like a tear , put on he best smile . bobby rigg Jimmy ! Bobby here . how 's it go , kiddo ? never better , never better . what be the odd right now ....? put fifteen grand on I to win , buddy . you hear I , fifteen big one . he put the phone down . 109a ABC evening news broadcast ( stock footage ) 109 a howard k smith in other news , another battle in the never end war of the sex . this one on the tennis court for 100,000 purse ... woman 's tennis champion miss billie Jean King who be 29 accept the challenge of 55 year old Bobby riggs , the match to be hold the time and place still to be decide . miss King say she will not play for the money but in she word to put woman 's tennis and woman 's lib back where it belong . riggs say he issue the challenge because I wanna prove woman be lousy and they do not belong on the same court as the man . 110 location tbd . PRESS conference . day . 110 Bobby and billie Jean enter from opposite end of a long table cover with press microphone . they meet in the middle and shake hand . photographer and journalist catch this first prematch meeting . Bobby , intimidatingly close , chatter away like a madman . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 90 bobby rigg do not get I wrong , I love woman . in the bedroom and in the kitchen . but now they want to be everywhere . where will it end ? pretty soon we boy will not be able to have a evening of card , go to the game , go fishing , have a drink after work ... because that 's what woman 's lib really mean . well , it 's get to stop . and Bobby riggs be the man to stop it . this , lady and gentleman , be custer 's last stand - he turn to billie and mumble out the corner of he mouth : bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) - you be gonna love this one - at the top of he voic bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) - the lobber versus the libber ! point at billie who despite herself burst out laugh . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) right ? billie jean keep on talk , Bobby . the more nonsense you spout , the worse it 's go to be when you lose . bobby rigg I be the lady number one . the champ . why would I lose ? billie jean because dinosaur can not play tennis . 110a ext . ' town tennis CENTER -- court . manhattan . day 110 a Larry wait on the court . Bobby appear dress as Little bo peep , a trail of photographer and hanger on behind he . lornie be the only one look less than pleased . bobby rigg sure . Little bo peep get 's a helluva slice on she . come on , I x11 give you 40 . you lose you buy the drink . Larry exchange look with lornie who just shrug . battle of 110b 110c 110d 110e the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 91 larry okay . bobby rigg attaboy ! ext . beach . day . 110b billie Jean run along the waterline , camera pan to reveal a news crew move along side she , shoot out of a van . tv screen . 110 c beginning of a 60 minute story mike wallace at the age of 55 most people 's dream of glory be far behind they . but Bobby riggs see a pot of gold and glory just over the horizon . int . bobby rigg house 110d Priscilla and junior watch the 60 minute segment . mike wallace we catch up with Bobby riggs in Las Vegas . it seem like a fitting place ... money change hand . go into Bobby 's pocket . ( at buk center ) tv screen . 60 minute 110e mike wallace do you do it for the money ? bobby rigg v/o Nah , I do it for fun , I do it for sport , it 's the thing to do . if I can not play for big money , I play for little money . if I can not play for little money , I stay in bed . sometimes on my own . battle of 110 F 1106 111 111a the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 92 int . bobby's house . day 110f Priscilla sit at home watch Bobby on tv . she glance over at Bobby 's son who be enjoy he father 's joke . priscilla really ? I mean , really ? walk over to the tv and switch he off . bobby's son Mom ... 1 ext . tennis court . day . 1106 billie Jean on court , put herself through a punish work - out of kangaroo jump , press -up and sit-up . ext . betty grableas house . tennis court . LA. day . 111 a empty tennis court . lornie and Larry riggs stand there , wait . he hit a few desultory ball across the net . we follow he out of the court , down the step to the pool . ext . betty grableas house . pool . LA. day . 111a a couple of woman float in the pool . poolside , a entourage of angeleno be drink cocktail . Bobby be on a lounger , cigar in hand , hold court . Larry riggs pass they all , stand in front of he dad . larry dad , I think we be practice . bobby rigg what I have to say to that ? six - two , six -one . who need to practice when I be woman 's number one ? and I have get a secret weapon . rheo Blair , meet the most important person in my life . apart from I . my son , Larry . Larry shake hand with the impeccably coiffure rheo . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) tell he , rheo . rheo blair two word , Larry . Super nutrition . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 93 1118 he point to a tray on which there be dozen of small saucer , each contain color pill . larry you take all this ? bobby rigg four hundred a day . larry you be kid . bobby rigg I be rattling , but feel better than ever . rheo blair the a to Z of amino acid . vitamin , protein pill , fat buster and some of rheo 's special . larry and what 's in that ? rheo take a long , LA look at Larry . rheo blair specialness . bobby rigg forget training , I be gonna live forever ! larry yeah , but - bobby rigg = relax , do I not slam Margaret into the ground ? and she beat billie Jean . ext . tennis court . hilton head . day . 111b billie be sprinting from side of the base line to the other , bend and touch the white line each time . Larry count the rep . larry twenty -eight , twenty -nine , thirty . she stop , exhaust . pour water over she head . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 94 11ic ext . front of betty grable house . day . 1lic Bobby stand in front of a news crew . bobby rigg it 's like be reincarnate . this be the great thing I have ever do . bigger than win wimbledon , Forest Hills , bigger than the pro-tour . this be the highlight of my career . maybe my life . 60 minute presenter you life ? bobby rigg I be sit here with you , be not I ? take a compliment . next question . 111d montage 111d a montage of billie Jean and Bobby . still of billie Jean and Bobby arm -wrestle together . billie Jean feel Bobby 's bicep . bobby rigg v/o worried ? look , she 's get no forehand , she 's a slice - and - net kinda player . like all woman , she 's emotionally fragile . she just will not be able to take the pressure . 111e PRESS conference location tbd . bjk CENTER ? 111e back to the Press Conference on court . billie Jean be laugh but there be tension in she . billie jean look , he can talk all he like . it 's one of the few thing he 's good at . it do not mean a thing . the only thing that count - the one thing that will settle this - be the match . and who win . that and nothing else . 112 ext . tennis court . hilton head . later . 112 Quick cut of ball come out of the sky . billie slam lob after lob . bend over exhaust . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 95 113 114 11 Quick cut of billie serve . Ball after ball . sweat stream in she eye . Larry watch , the other side of the net . larry out. out. in. out . billie throw the racket down . larry ( cont 'd ) you okay ? billie jean yes . just give I a second . she bend over like she might throw up . Larry watch she . int . photo studio . los angele . day . 113 Bobby be photograph , dress as Henry viiith , a playboy Bunny on each arm . he pull he hearing aid out and hide it in he pocket . bobby rigg speak up , kiddo , I can not hear you . with this two doll on my arm , my heartbeat 's too loud in my ear . bobby rigg v/o ++. what do I think ? woman should keep they biscuit in the oven and they bun in bed . int . photo studio . los angele . day . 114 Bobby be recline on a chaise- longue . nake . a photographer and a assistant bustle around take shot . bobby rigg delicious . just like you , honey . Bobby riggs , put the show back into chauvinism . int . locker room . day . ( stub hub CENTER ) 11 pre-tournament , some of the Virginia slim gang be limbering up in the locker room . peach I do not know . he really give Margaret a beat . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 96 116 117 118 119 rosie she play like a idiot . there 's no comparison . Margaret fold . you know billie , she love pressure . valerie yeah , but she game 's off right now . julie it be . hate to say it but my money 's on Bobby . valerie mine too . rosie money that you have get because of billie Jean . julie it 's not personal . I do not want he to win . I just think he will . the rattle of a toilet door . billie Jean come out . silence as she walk between they up to the basin , wash she hand and walk past they all and out into a barrage of cheer and applause . the Girls look at each other . rosie exactly what she need . omitted 116 omitted 117 omitted 118 int . betty grable house . day . 119 lornie call out to Bobby in the backyard . lornie Bobby , Channel Seven ! Bobby come in from the backyard . bobby rigg what ? be I on ? on the screen , we see a reporter live from Forest Hills . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 97 sportscaster the break news from Forest Hills be that billie Jean King have be default in she third round match against Julie heldman . look tired and dispirite , miss King leave the court after only one set , cite illness . despite a press release report flu-like symptom , speculation mount that pressure from the upcoming match against Bobby riggs be take its toll . bobby rigg take its toll , baby ! I know it . she 's crumble . and I be sit by the pool . now tell I about practice . Flowers ! we need to send she a bunch of flower so goddam huge she can not ever forget I . 120 int . HOTEL room . hilton head . day . 120 billie Jean be in bed . gladys be smoking and pace . Larry sit across the room . gladys be you scamm I to get more practice time ? billie Jean pull the thermometer out of she mouth to protest . billie jean I be sick ! gladys lemme see that . she grab the thermometer . examine it . gladys ( cont 'd ) well , you be not die . billie jean try to sound pleased . gladys be you kid ? I love the other girl - kind of - but you be my biggest draw . you be a giant . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 98 billie jean a giant with the flu . gladys just stare at she . billie jean ( cont ’d ) gladys . I can not eat . I can not sleep . my knee hurt , my shoulder hurt , my chest hurt . gladys you chest ? billie jean like there 's a weight . right here . she tap on she heart . gladys sigh and sit on the bed . gladys okay . take two week off . go someplace . practice , do not practice , whatever you have to do . but you have get a tournament the day after this riggs match and , win or lose , you be gonna be there . billie jean thank you , gladys . gladys get up and go to the door . stops. gladys and just so you know . if you lose , I will never forgive you . she leave . billie Jean flop back on she pillow . billie jean it 's too much pressure . Larry . no wonder my body 's fall apart . larry billie ? if there 's someone ... you need ... who you want I to call ... I can call she . beat . billie Jean look down . billie jean no . there 's no one . thank you . Larry stand . larry I have be think . there 's something I want to tell you . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 99 121 122 123 billie Jean brace herself . billie jean what . larry I love you . no matter what happen . on the court -- or off . you hear I ? they make real eye contact for the first time in week . billie jean ++ - okay . ext . betty grable' house . tennis court . LA. day . 121 Bobby be entertaining a host of journalist , play trick shot through he leg , jump over chair , dress in a rain cheater and hat ... it be ridiculous but brilliant . there be not a shot he can not return . ext . betty grable' house . tennis court . LA. day . 122 Bobby be play double with he leg tie to another man' leg . the crowd be loving it . a brief pause while a beautiful young woman hand he a cocktail . he take it , blow she a kiss and take a big swig . ext . betty grableas house . tennis court . LA. day 123 tv News footage of Bobby on the court , this time with a baby lion on a leash . tv reporter .++ and anyone who mistake he for a fool may well end up look like one . whether he 's wear a dress , play with a umbrella or sport this season 's must - have accessory - a lion cub - Bobby have not lose a match yet . footage of another player pay out dollar bill to Bobby who flash a fan of they to the camera . tv reporter ( cont 'd ) and as the Bobby riggs circus move on to the next town , people be beginning to wonder what have happen to the opposition ? have she choke ? have she fle the country ? ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 100 124 125 126 126a 127 tv reporter ( cont ’d ) after withdraw from Forest Hills with a virus , nobody have see even the ghost of billie Jean King . int . gene shawcove 's hair salon . day . 124 a small tv set in the salon be play the footage . Marilyn stare at the tv , ignore the complex coloring operation she be suppose to be perform . bonny work next to she . marilyn it 's not right . it 's just not right . she rip off she rubber glove and head for the door . hair client hey ! where be you go ? Marilyn keep walk , right out the door . hair client ( cont 'd ) where be she go ?? bonny my guess ? Houston . int . houston astrodome . owner 's suite . day 125 jerry perenchio , roone arledge head of ABC Sports and Bobby sit in the palatial suite . we see the back of another man stand at the window . silence . Bobby be jiggling he leg nervously . roone arledge she do know what time - bobby rigg ( snap ) - yes . told you . more silence . omitted 126 tv screen . howard cosell and bobby rigg 126a int . houston astrodome . owner 's suite . day 127 the guy be gather around the tv watch a promo for the broadcast . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 101 howard cosell on Sept. 20 , at the Houston astrodome , 8 pm Eastern Standard time it 's the Battle of the sex ... but mother riggs what 's go to happen ? bobby rigg I predict that I will lob she to death and chop she to death . she will not have a chance , I be gonna psych she right out of she sock . they be all enjoy the clip . Jerry check he watch . jerry perenchio have she pull out ? roone arledge she be ill ... then the door bang open and in stride billie Jean , rosie cassal and Larry . billie be tan , fit , ready for battle . billie jean apology , gentlemen . bobby rigg hey ! how 's the flu , honey ? billie jean flu ? bobby rigg Heard you be ill . billie jean you do not believe what you read in the papers , do you , Bobby ? but thank you for the flower . I give they to rosie . rosie I put they in the trash . then billie see the figure stand at the window . freezes . billie jean Jack ? Jack Kramer who have be stand a little apart stare out the window turn . jack kramer billie Jean . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 102 silence . billie jean what be you ...? bobby rigg Jack 's my choice of commentator for ABC . billie jean Jack ? no . that will not work . roone arledge now , billie Jean , nobody 's complain about rosie do the play by play . billie jean rosie have not single - handedly try to dismantle woman 's tennis . jack kramer you overstate my influence , billie Jean . billie jean you black - ball we from the uslta . bobby rigg he do you a favour . lousy organization . Jack 's my choice . jerry perenchio sure make for a punchy commentary . billie jean no . I will not play . roone arledge look , I have pay seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar for this event : you can not turn up on the eve of the match say you will not play . billie jean say who ? jack kramer I wonder if we could have a word ? just the two of we . he gesture to the ante-room to the owner 's suite . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 103 128 int . houston astrodome . owner 's suite . ante -room . day . 128 Jack Kramer and billie Jean stand face each other . jack kramer billie Jean , I know we have have we difference , but that 's behind we . this be between you and Bobby now . billie jean Bobby ? Bobby 's a clown . the whole thing 's a big act for he . with you , it 's different . it 's for real . jack kramer what do you mean . billie jean you dislike of woman . jack kramer happily marry for thirty - two year . he spread he hand ? go figure . billie jean oh , you like we well enough in the kitchen and the bedroom , bring up the kid and do the dish . I bet you be a real gentleman - and I mean that sincerely . jack kramer I will take my compliment where I can from you . billie jean it 's when we dare to want more , just a little bit of what you have get . that 's what you can not stand . and to have you up there , tell the american public what to read into every serve , every point ? I be sorry , Jack , but if you be commentate , I be not play . Jack drop the smile . jack kramer how do you think that will make the great billie Jean King look ? back out at the last minute because she do not like the commentator ? battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 104 129 130 billie jean pretty similar to how it would make the great Jack Kramer loo ! shutting the whole thing down because he do not get to participate . stalemate . Jack consider , shake he head . jack kramer no . this mean too much to you . you and you sisterhood . you would never throw it over this . billie jean remember the last time you think I be bluff ? one dollar . he stare at she for a moment . point to she hand . they be shaking . jack kramer know the difference between a good player and a great ? the great player do not let emotion get in the way . it mess with they game . he walk out . she get up and follow he into the main room . int . houston astrodome . owner 's suite . day 129 Jack walk straight past the wait group . jack sorry , Bobby . billie Jean stand at the door , grip she hand together to stop the shaking . int . houston astrodome . corridor . day . 130 the gaggle of camera Men and Reporters wait at the door leap to they foot as billie Jean and Larry come out of the entrance and hurry towards the car . female reporter any last minute thought , billie Jean ? be you go to win ? larry of course she 's gonna win . the male reporter turn to he female colleague . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 105 male reporter not if it go long . woman can not handle five set . billie Jean stop . turn to the male reporter . billie jean do you have a daughter ? a sister ? you sure as heck have a mother . be she not as good as you Father ? because she 's a woman ? do you believe that ? male reporter no ... billie jean but that 's what you be say . whether you think you be or not . if I beat Bobby riggs in five set , will you stop say it ? male reporter I - okay . billie jean Sir , I be go to hold you to that . larry billie - Larry take she arm and hustle she into the car . 131 int . houston astrodome . dawn . 131 billie Jean be walk up step . she seem to be climb forever upwards . finally , she stop and turn . she be in the very top tier of the astrodome look down on the massive , empty stadium . she sit and stare at the small patch of green in the center that be the tennis court . silence . 131a omitted 131a 131b int . control room . day . 131b Inside the tv Control room , a tense hush . Jerry perenchio look on as the director and vision mixer be cut between camera , explore the shot . over the radio . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 106 radio thirty minute to broadcast , sixty - five minute to game time . director Zoom in , 4 . camera 2 and camera 1 . Wide on 5 . be that a Priest ? camera 5 find a Priest in the stand stand between what be clearly a bride and Groom . jerry perenchio if Bobby win , she take the groom 's surname . if billie win , the groom take she name . 132 omitted 132 133 omitted 133 134 omitted 134 135 int . houston HOTEL . corridor / escalator . day . 135 rheo , lornie and Bobby 's entourage head out at speed . Bobby be gulp down handfuls of rheo 's pill . bobby rigg okay , wagon roll ! let 's go , people , let 's go . 136 int . houston HOTEL . escalator . day . 136 Bobby be about to get on the escalator . stop . bobby rigg Larry . where 's Larry ? Larry ! Larry come out . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) come on . larry I be gonna watch it here . bobby rigg whaddya mean , ' watch it here 's ? I book a entire astrodome for you . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 107 larry I be sorry , I be not come . bobby rigg you be afraid I be gonna lose ? larry no . bobby rigg what ? larry you do not need I , that 's all . I think you do , but you do not . good luck , dad . he turn and go back into the hotel . bobby rigg Larry ! he give up . bobby rigg ( cont 'd ) never understand that kid . 136a int . houston astrodome . day . 136 a radio ++.and we be live ! and now , a real carnival atmosphere . Men in the crowd be wear t-shirt proudly proclaim themselves '' riggs Pigs '' . other wear bras and apron . a equal number of woman have banner support billie Jean , T - shirt with '' I love billie Jean '' emblazon on the front . other be in ball gowns drink champagne . you could not get a more mix crowd . Frank gifford , ABC 's rove reporter , be out canvass opinion . various pop : '' I be for Bobby '' . '' billie 's gonna take it " . '' I have get a hundred dollar on Bobby '' ... everywhere , money be change hand as the betting hot up . Jimmy the Greek give he opinion to Frank : jimmy the greek King money be scarce . it 's hard to find a bet on the girl . ( more ) battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 108 jimmy the greek ( cont 'd ) Court be number one and Bobby thrash she . that 's the stat . 137 int . houston astrodome . home team locker room . day . 137 billie Jean stand in front of the mirror , wear she tennis dress & a pair of blue suede adida shoe . she be surround by rosie , Ted , Henry , Larry , a nervous third ad , and billie Jean 's parent . everyone seem to be talk at once . rosie ( reading telegram ) from Senator macintyre . '' good luck , billie Jean . we be all root for you . '' Annie from New York - '' go , billie , we know you be go to win ... '' ted ( fuss over she dress ) you have lose weight . I need to take this in . billie jean we do not have time . ted and henry we have time . billie jean 's dad how be you feel , honey ? billie jean 's mom do you need anything ? Water ? third ad twenty minute to game time . ted I have to ask : do you really intend to inflict blue suede shoe on ninety million member of the view public ? billie jean 's mom how many ? goodness , billie Jean ... billie jean if they be good enough for elvis , they be good enough for I . ted well something 's off , and I think it 's the shoe . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 109 billie jean it 's not the shoe . marilyn you hair . they turn and see Marilyn stand in the doorway . a freeze moment . then billie Jean gather herself : billie jean mom. dad . this be Marilyn . my hairdresser . billie 's mom please to meet you . they shake hand . billie 's dad well , if I know one thing , it 's to never get between a woman and she hairdresser . come on , honey , let 's find we seat . larry I will take you up there . he put a hand on billie Jean 's shoulder . larry ( cont 'd ) I will be back to walk you down to the court . billie Jean 's parent hug she . billie jean 's dad ( hug billie Jean ) good luck , sweetheart . billie jean' mom give he heck . they all leave . Marilyn and billie Jean stand look at each other . oblivious , the third ad be busy mumble into he radio . marilyn '' you hairdresser . '' billie jean what else be I suppose to say ? marilyn no , that be why I be here . sit . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 110 billie Jean sit . Marilyn get she scissors out and start snipping . silence . marilyn ( cont ’d ) I hear you be sick . billie jean I be better now . Marilyn keep cut . billie Jean stop she hand . billie jean ( cont ’d ) I have miss you . marilyn do not . please . ( beat ) I want to wish you luck . I know what this mean to you . to a lot of people . billie jean thank you . Marilyn eye billie 's hair , run she finger through it . marilyn shake you head , see how it feel . billie Jean look in the mirror . a tiny well - execute trim . billie jean I feel ... like a new person . marilyn really ? billie Jean shrug . she 's suddenly emotional . billie jean stay for the match ? marilyn be you sure ? billie jean yes . please . 137a int . houston astrodome . bobbya' locker room . day . 137a in Bobby 's change room , a sugar daddy pr guy be hold a massive lollypop and prepping Bobby . the sugar daddy Girls be do they make - up in the mirror . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 11 . sugar daddy guy make sure you get the face of the lollypop to camera , Bobby , yeah ? lornib can we - do you mind , we be try to prepare for a match here . sugar daddy guy okay , but you get that , Bobby ? lornie out . he hustle the sugar daddy guy and the Girls out the door . go back to Bobby . lornie ( cont 'd ) you okay ? bobby rigg sure , sure . ready for battle . just think , lornie , after billie Jean , chrissy evert and a million dollar ... lornie , one match at a time , Bobby , one match at a time . 138 int . houston astrodome . commentary booth . day . ( stock 138 footage ) a bank of tv monitor show the action from every angle . on the screen , Jack Kramer talk . jack kramer ... but apparently billie Jean be very serious , and feel that I be completely oppose to what she 's try to do in tennis . I wanna make one thing clear : when I realize that I be perhaps a problem for billie Jean , I think that she might want to use I as a excuse for lose to Bobby riggs . 139 omitted 139 140 int . houston astrodome . home team locker room . day . 140 billie Jean watch the broadcast on a tv in the locker room . Marilyn stand just behind she . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 112 jack kramer to ABC 's credit , they say you call the shot Jack , we will go along with you , but I be withdraw voluntarily , and I be wishing 100 % luck to my pal Bobby riggs . Larry knock and come in . larry they want you down in the holding Area . billie switch the tv off and stand . larry ( cont 'd ) Ill take you down there . billie jean no . I need to do this on my own . the third ad make to follow but Larry put a restrain hand on he . billie Jean head out the door , a woman head for she destiny . we follow she as walk away , down the corridor . Larry and Marilyn watch she go . we see what they do not : that she 's breathe heavily , nervous , emotional . 141 omitted 141 142 omitted 142 143 int . houston astrodome . holding area . day . 143 a huge bunker - like area in the wing of the stadium . Chaos . bizarrely , three assistant be chase a squealing piglet across the holding Area . the piglet scatter the march Band who be just come off the floor . tv assistant and runner criss - cross the space . four male model in egyptian garb , stripped to the waist , carry in a sedan chair deck out in gold fabric . Jerry perenchio march on behind it . jerry perenchio where 's billie ? billie Jean King ? a lone individual in the middle of the chaos . battle of 143a 144 1440 145 the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 113 billie jean here . jerry perenchio this be for you ! he indicate the sedan chair . she look completely perplex . omitted 143a omitted 144 int . houston astrodome . holding area . day . 1440 darkness . a deep rumble , but mostly quiet . we be with billie Jean on the sedan chair as she be jostle down the dark corridor towards the blind light at the end . int . houston astrodome . day . 145 howard cosell v/o and here she come ! we be with billie Jean as she be carry into the arena on the sedan chair . a wall of noise and light hit she . she try to conceal she shock and wave to the crowd . howard cosell sometimes you get the feel that if she ever let she hair go down to she shoulder and take off she glass , you would have someone vie for a Hollywood screen test . Bobby in a chariot pull by Bobby 's bosom buddy , four woman in bikinis . Bobby hand billie Jean the huge sugar daddy lollipop . billie jean I have get something for you too , Bobby . the ultimate gift for a male chauvinist . she present he with a piglet tie up in a bow . Frank gifford , ABC 's courtside reporter , press Bobby . frank gifford a last word before the game , Bobby . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 114 146 147 148 149 150 150 a 151 bobby rigg this game be for all the guy around the world who feel as I do that the male be king and the male be supreme . frank gifford billie Jean ? but billie Jean be stare at Marilyn , sit next to Larry . frank gifford ( cont 'd ) billie Jean ? anything to say ? billie jean I be do talk . let 's play . int . houston astrodome . day . 146 billie pick up she racket and walk to the baseline . the sound diminish , the people diminish . it 's just she and the ball and the racket . she bounce the ball on the ground . howard cosell v/o ... and the moment the country have be wait for have finally arrive . omitted 147 omitted 148 int . margaret' nd HOTEL room . day . 149 Margaret Court and Barry sit in a hotel room in front of the tv . omitted 150 int . forest hill country club - library . day . 150a Whisky in hand , a small group include Jack Kramer and Bob Sanders be gather around a television . omitted 151 battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 115 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 int . town tennis CENTER -- locker room . manhattan . day . 152 the boy gather round the tv fall silent . in the background , rita be carry a tray of drink . she stop and stare . int . houston astrodome . day . 153 in the stand near the court , the nine be freeze in anticipation . omitted 154 omitted 155 int . houston astrodome . day . 156 billie Jean serve the ball . boom . Bobby return , one of he short , sneaky slice . billie Jean get to it . it 's near the net . Bobby send a high one . she back off towards the base line . omitted 157 int . houston astrodome . day . 158 the ball be high , come right at she from the painful white of the stadium light . she shut she eye and hit . the timing be perfect . omitted 159 int . houston astrodome . day . 160 Battle have be join . Bobby be serve up short spin shot , lob , slice , try to take the power from billie Jean 's shot . it 's work , as the scoreboard read 4 - 4 . but billie Jean look unperturb , focus entirely on the task at hand , whereas Bobby be sweat hard , panting in he sugar daddy track suit . she dink a soft one over the net . heaving hard , Bobby just get to it . it look like a winner - and the riggs Pigs in the stand certainly think it be - but somehow billie Jean snap a back -hand return . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 116 the libber cheer as billie Jean return to the baseline . Bobby just sit in one of the chair on the sideline . catch he breath . lornie take the damned jacket off . bobby rigg I can not . they pay I ten gee . lornie I do not give a damn . get it off . Bobby take the jacket off . billie Jean stare at he . she know now how to deal with he . billie Jean send over shot that make Bobby run from one side of the court to the other . it 's merciless . he 's die . the umpire call game after game . she serve and volley , power ball past he increasingly tired leg . umpire second set to miss King . miss King lead two set to none . Bobby 's hand be be massage by lornie . bobby rigg they be cramping , lornie . he pour gatorade down he throat . on the other side of the court , billie Jean massage she sore calve , watch he falter . umpire time , please . they take end again . a series of punish serve . punish smashes . Bobby , increasingly out - gun . the repeat phrase . umpire ( cont ’d ) game to miss King . game to miss King . and the final shot from Bobby , limply into the net . billie Jean throw she racket high into the air . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 117 160 a 160b 161a 161b 160c 160D 161 flashes of : deject riggs Pigs in the stadium . ecstatic libber . deafen cheer . the nine go absolutely crazy . int margaret' HOTEL room . day . 1608 Margaret Court go to the television and switch it off . walk out of the room . Barry watch she go . int . houston astrodome . home team locker room . day . 1608 tear be run down Ted 's cheek . Henry pass he a handkerchief . ted horrid little man . int . church . day . 161a Bobby 's gambler anonymous friend stare at the tv , dumbfounded . int . forest hill country club - library . night . 161b Jack Kramer stare at the tv . jack kramer how would that happen ? omitted 160c omitted 160D int . houston astrodome . day . 161 back on court , Bobby jump over the net , shake billie Jean 's hand . leans into she ear . bobby rigg I underestimate you . billie jean you underestimate we all , Bobby . Larry run up and kiss billie Jean . Marilyn be there , gladys , the nine , billie Jean 's parent , a throng of reporter . everyone surround she , want a piece of she . a few journalist shove microphone in she face . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 118 reporter 1 billie Jean ! how do it feel to be the most famous woman in the world ? reporter 2 billie ! you show they all ! what be you gonna do next ? larry over here , honey . Frank want you to do a piece to camera . billie jean no , I - in a minute . she duck away , down the step to the locker room . 162 int . houston astrodome . home team locker room . day . 162 billie Jean sit in the empty space . she stare at she racket . let tear of relief fall down she face . 163 int . houston HOTEL room . day . 163 Larry riggs switch off the tv . silence . he pick up he suitcase , go to the door and switch off the light . exit . the door shut . 164 int . bobbya' locker room . day . 164 billie Jean walk in . stands in the doorway and see Bobby sit on a bench , in a towel , stare at the floor , destroy . she come and sit next to he . he finally notice she and struggle to re-energise Bobby riggs . bobby rigg oh , great game , billie . my serve be a bit off today but , you know , I be think - she put a arm around he shoulder and he fall silent . they sit contemplate what have just happen . after a age ... billie jean know something ? you might just be the best thing to happen to feminism in ten year . bobby rigg Bobby riggs , feminist . that 's a thing . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 119 164a 165 the ghost of a smile from Bobby . billie Jean walk through the row of locker , leave Bobby stare at the floor . a noise from the other end of the locker room . he look up . Priscilla stand there . his eye light with distant hope . bobby rigg ( cont ’d ) Priscilla . priscilla Bobby . ( beat ) be you do here ? he look around . after a moment , he nod . int . houston astrodome . tennis court . day . 164a a full - on party have explode . there be music , drink , light , balloon . int . houston astrodome . holding area . day . 165 billie Jean come up the stair and into the arena of the astrodome . but she stop . watch Marilyn and Larry , stand near each other , laugh and talk with the nine . Ted bustles towards billie Jean . ted billie , darling ! come on . we can not start the dance without you . billie jean one second . I be not ready . he follow she gaze down to Marilyn and Larry . the : ted this be just the opinion of one devote admirer . but I think you may be more ready than you know . billie Jean look at he . billie jean what be I suppose to do , Ted . ted Times change . as you have prove . I think they be go to keep change . ( quiet ) one day we will be free to be who we be and love who we love . battle of the sex - Simon work file - 4/7/16 120 166 billie jean and until then ? ted I do not know , dear . right now , all you can do be join the dance . he gesture toward the crowd . she take a deep breath , then walk out of the holding Area ... int . houston astrodome . day . 166 .+.out of the holding Area and onto the court . around she there be music , light , ticker tape . we stay on she face as suddenly a huge roar of love come from the crowd . the end