the battle for the planet of the ape work title first draft Story outline by paul dehn July 5 , 1972 we rove modern City 's Civic Center soon after sunrise , its otherwise desert street ( over which we super the date " 2004 a.d , '' ) be be prepare for some sort of festivity by group of early worker : human male in red , female in blue . we watch : - Group 1 hose down a sidewalk , - Group 2 sweeping clean behind Group 1 , and pass : - Group 3 brush adhesive '' size '' on the back of a poster hold face downward on a cafe tabletop . - Group 4 attach a furle fleg to the base of a flagpole , - Group 5 scrubbing ( and mask ) the plinth of a stone statue , whose shoe only be visible below the hem of a sculpt robe . a louden drum-roll , as the scrubber step back to reveal the plinth 's inscription : " caesar I " , then triurphal music crash in over a CUT to : the flag unfurl in the wind as it reach the mast-head , against a yellow ground , the head of a ape ( caesar ) rise from syrbolically blood - red flame , over the flag , as it flutter , we super MAIN title : '' battle for the planet of the ape " and CUT to : 2 . - Group 3 affixing the poster to the wall . it bear the same device as the flag , but the head be profile and subscribe : " hail , caesar " cut to : - Dramatic shot of the statue 's head , Imperial caesar look down on he subject , one of whom ( a human male ) be climb up a ladder to scrub the great stone face - from which , as he scrub , we CUT to : caesar 's own face . a human hand be comb he hair and beard , we pull back to reveal caesar seat in a futuristic " robing - room " before a tall mirror . he be attend by he red-uniformed valet , who now cease he ministration and step back to otserve the reflect result , caesar thank you , George . as valet back out of shot , macdonald ( caesar 's negro overseer in " ccnquvest " ) move into the mirror and stand behind the chimpanzee who be now he raster . we shall learn that he be the only human in modern City permit to wear clothes rather than a servant 's uniform , macdonald you escort be ready , caesar , and the Council be assemble , outside , in @ long interior corridor , two armed , black - uniform gorilla guard spring to attention and salute as caesar regally 3. emerge , follow by macdonald . the Group move off through a montage of interior corridor . minor ape official , encounter en route , give place with that slight inclination of the head which serve for a royal bow in England . the few human worker back away more obsequiously and bow lower . during this , we super : MAIN credit and as credit end , we reach great double - door on which macdonald ceremonially knock , over the door open , CUT to : reverse long shot ( from inside the Council cnamber ) of door flung open by huran servakt , macdonald pray silence for caesar ! he give place , as caesar enter and the councilor rise from either side of a long table . they be : - 3 chimpanzee lead ty pan * who be young , intellectual and idealistic . the speed of he talk reflect the speed of he mind ; and he mind be all peace between ape and human , ~ 3 gorillas lead by aldo , who be early - middle - age , aggressive , militeristic , hate human and would like they exterminate - if necessary by war . - 2 orangutans lead by zeno , who be the elderly apostle of science and reason . it take he longer than the other * tha endoantifie nare for the species chimpanzee . 4 , to form a conclusion ; but the conclusion , once reach , be always more practical than pant and more logical than aldot . the orangutan be a minority faction , but they two vote in Council can be decisive in the event of a deadlock between the three chimpanzee and three gorilla . we must watch Zeno . at the picture 's end , he will become the lawgiver retrospectively refer to in " planet " . in the screenplay we shall more fully establish the character and viewpoint of each faction - leader during the brief debate that follow caesar 's open statement . meanwhile , all councilor resume they seat for : caesar fellow chimpanzee , gorilla and orangutan ! on this thirteenth annjversary of the night of the fire , I have ( as be we annual custom ) assemble and collate report from all territory on the state of ape supreracy ; and I now announce with pride that ninety percent of mankind be under ape domination and control , a growl of approval , as the gorilla ' hairy hand slap the tabletop . macdonald remain impassive . caesar there be still isolate pocket of human resistance in the north = but I stress that they be isolate and therefore constitute no serious threat provide that they remain scattered , until we have round they up and disarm they . macdonald just perceptibly sigh . 5 . caesar ( look at he ) disarmament of they minor weapon continue . disarmament of they major weapon appear complete . we shall use the former only for we own defence ~- and the latter will never be reactivate , ( to councilor ) the world may breathe again . it can not now be destroy by that who walk upon it , thirteen year after the night of the fire , we stand upon the brink of a era of peace . only the gorilla take no part in applause which be punctuate by murmur of " peace ! " from the rest . then , softly but audibly : macdonald and goodwill , caesar ? caesar ( puzzle ) towards whom ? macdonald towards Men . a pinedrop silence , break by Aldo , who spit . caesar you have we goodwill , provide you keep we law . aldo ( snort ) what more do you want ? a seat on we Council ? macdonald yes , another silence , then , successively , Aldo , gorilia 1 and gorilla 2 laugh ... and laugh . macdonald ( interrupt ) I have see to it that we have serve you quietly , faithfully and efficently for more than a decade , we have put not only we energy at you disposal but we knowledge . God give you brain . we have give you mind . you still need we . yet we have no representation on you Council , aldo because it be we Council . pan ( rise ) it be not we Council but the Community 's , and I do not see why human , who share this Community in however humble and subordinate a capacity , should not derand at least one seat on ~ zeno ( rise ) demand or deserve ? macdonald I have say that we have serve you peacefully for more than ~ zeno ( sardonic ) ten year ! can ten year of good behavior expiate ten thousand year of bad ? what use be peace in the south , while there be still rebel in the north ? come to we again , when no human have kill either a ape or another huran for one hundred year - macdonald and we have all be exterminate - aldo ( with relish ) hal macdonald - because we be no longer of use to you - caesar ( gently , but with authority ) macdonald , the fact that you save ny life twice on the night of the fire do not entitle you to address this Council or to formulate policy . you , too , be & servant . what set you above you fellow be that you be mine , ( smile ) and I hope you will remain so . boom ! the audience may jump at the sound of 0,S. cannon -fire , but not that inside the Council chamber , who have be expect it , macdonald , deferential again , look at he watch . macdonald you subject await you , caesar . as all rise , we CUT to : boom ! in the courtyard outside , & cannon ( operate by gorilla ) fire a second " royal " salute to cheer and cry of : massed ape hail , caesar ! hail , caesar ! ad lib . cur to : the '' robing room " where caesar be be groom and invest in @ resplendently green ceremonial cloak by he valet , while the sound of the fire and crowd -voice continue outside . we pan off he to : lisa ( the female chimpanzee from " conquest " ) be similarly rove and groom by two human maids in blue servant-costumes . as a maid tighten Lisa 's beit , Lisa ( to both Maids ! consternation ) 8. give a involuntarily little gasp of pain but follow it instantly with a smile of reassurance , pat she own belly and whisper something in the maid 's ear . maid oh , matam I be so glad . caesar come , Lisa , the citizen be wait . they go out and emerge into : the courtvard - follow at a discreet distance by macdonald , here a eodyguard of six gorilla salute and escort they through the parte ape crowd into : modern City 's civie Center . pretty much the same as it be in " conouest " except for the one stupefying change : the master - servant situation have be completely reverse . everywhere the ape be now the master and mistress ~ gorilla in black , chimp in Green , orangutan in orange - brown = and the human ( male in red , ferale in blue ) be now the slave . at caesar 's pass , the male ape bow and the female ( sore with difficulty ) bob curtsey . the human obseouiously give place to he and he entourage ( or be non-violently chivvied into do so by the gorilla ) as the tour of inspection proceed and reveal how weirdly the table have be turn since the end of " Conquest " , everywhere be yellow flag and poster of caesar 's head back by the symbolically blood - red flame of the night of the fire . a triumphal banner across the royal route proclaim : " hail , caesari '' in a greengrocer 's shop window , replete with fruit and vegetable , a human artist be bedeck effigy of caesar and Lisa with fresh flower , a p.a , speaker bawl : " citizen of ape City ! caesar be amongst you and command that you show he neither ceremony nor homage on this festal day that celebrate thirteen year of ape freedom , " cuT to ; chimpanzee announcer , continue in studio : " let there be no formality . but go you way in peace . " gorilla policeman surreptitiously chivvy one of half - a- dozen human sweeper who have be clean up the entry into : the piazza , where we intercut caesar and Lisa with P,0.V. shot : at the outdoor cafe , seat ape be be serve by human with bananas , orange , grape and raisin which they eat with attempt refinement . a chimp call '' waiter ! " , a gorilla ( less articulate ) thump the table , and a human waiter come obsequiously run . 10 , - in a playground a group of ape child be slide down chute , sit on see-saw and swinging on swing under the supervision of a female human teacher , ( lindy ) . at caesar 's approach : lindy now what shall we play , child ? follow my leader or blind ape 's buff ? child ( in dutiful unanimity ) follow my leader ! caesar be delighted . his Group descend into : - a pedestrian subway , where we pass door to three restroom respectively label " lady " , " gentlemen " «+ + '' and " human " , it be from the last of this that there emerge a human stranger , who block the Group 's progress : a tall , lean John carradine type with fanatical blue eye and a authority enhance by he clothes which be of the trim but travel - stain sort that huran use once to wear . stranger {ironic smile ) hail , caesar , macdonald hastily interpose himself between the Stranger and a angry caesar flanke by he angrier bodyguard , macdonald ( quietly ) by what right be you not in servant 's uniform ? 11 . stranger by the right of human to dress as they please . caesar ( quietiy ) human have no rights except that confer on they by apes. ( to Guard - Commander ) arrest he . as the Guard move forward : stranger wait ! the monosyllable have the stop force of a .45 bullet . stranger if you harm one hair of my head , this City will be destroy . in the silence , Lisa touch she belly , whimper and hide she eye . but caesar suddenly relax and roll he eye skyward in mock resignation . caesar another lunatic ! ( to the Guard Commander ) detach two gorilla to escort he to General Aldo 's headquarters for interrogation . then report to I . Guard Commander click to obedient attention , macdonald and caesar ? caesar yes , macdonald , macdonald May I respectfully suggest that he be well - treat until we be sure ? caesar of what , macdonald ? macdonald of he lunacy . 12 . caesar frown and turn to Guard Commander . caesar see to it . ( to macdonald ) come . we be waste time . the escort move off in one direction ; the Group exit subway in the other . emerging , they pass : a barber 's shop , to which we close as Group exit shot . human hand remove a hot towel from the face of . .. a ape . he be have he shoe shine by a little black boy , to whom he toss : insert : a silver dollar-size coin on the Boy 's black palm , it have caesar 's profile image and be circumscribe " caesar 1 rex impfrator simiorum * , " from the image of caesar 's head : quick lap dissolve to : the real caesar 's profile , frown in the doorway ( open by macdonald ) of Aldo 's office , as we slow pull back during dialogue to include Stranger ( back turn , between Guards ) address Aldo , in the corner sit a human clerk , punch a shorthand - typewriter . stranger for the last time , I will speak before no one but caesar , caesar caesar be here , he sit , as Stranger whip round into confrontation , caesar what be you name ? silence , silence , 13 . stranger you take it away and give I a number . aldo what number ? stranger ( scornfully ) do you expect I to remember it ? aldo where have you come from ? stranger the North . aldo what territory ? macdonald for you own sake , please tell we . macdonald who be you ? stranger a messenger . caesar send by . . .? stranger my master . caesar ( patiently ) have he a name ? stranger we call he nimrod ... dialogue unexpectedly continue uninterrupted over a visual : SHOCK CUT to : 4 , nimrod , seat et a portable wooden table in a tatter tent through which the north wind flap and whine . a grizzie giant by John Wayne out cf Royal dano , he wear the batter cap of a former U.S. Army General and listen ( with two young " aide " ) to a radio-speaker on the tabletop . stranger' voice ( continue , through speaker ) * '' '' because he be , and be , a mighty hunter . caesar' voice and what be he message ? through the tent flap we focus briefly on a distand , oldetype bomber plane be service by human , and : CUT back to : Aldo 's headquarters . stranger " set we people free , " a amused silence . : caesar no , stranger or else - caesar ( stung to anger ) do you set we free , when we be you slave ? there can be no " or else " , stranger ( quietly } caesar , there can , we have a plane and we have a bomb , 15 . macdonald {softiy ) Christ , stranger a bomb that could reduce this city - which be the Capital of you Empire - to rubble . cuT to : the North . pulling back from the exterior shot of bomb ready for load onto a plane ready for fuelling . nimrod and aide listen intently to the radio-speaker 's crackle silence . aide 1 that shook ‘em . aide 2 now they will turn the heat on . caesar' voice ( through speaker ) where be this nimrod ? CUT to : _ aldot headquarters , stranger I have tell you . in the North . aldo where in the North ? silence . aldo ( bang fist on table ) where ? where ? where ? silence . aldo we can make you talk . stranger I repeat : if you harm one hair of my head , you City will be destroy . 16 , caesar ape have way of hutring without harm . brutus ! one of the gorilla Guards click to attention . caesar show he , brutus ( from behind ) thrust he hand under the Stranger 's arm , lock finger across the Stranger 's chest , and with sundry expert movement of the thumb , begin to apply a pressure which ( though it never wipe the scornful smile off the Stranger 's face ) drench he with the sweat of appall pain . we intercut the face of the onlooker - start on the clerk and end on macdonald , who wince at the sudden , sicken crunch of what seem to be break bone . caesar and Aldo leap simultaneously to they foot . caesar you fat -knuckle idiot ! you have break he rib . but brutus be feel the Stranger 's chest under he shirt , and shaking he head , brutus no . . eno . aldo then what have you break ? brutus this. 17 . and from under the shirt he extract a small , smashed , plastic microphone attach to a miniature transmitter conceal in the shirt 's inner pocket . aldo ( indicate Stranger to Guard 2 shoot he , macdonald caesar - | caesar the damage be do . we have be hear . we City be infect , cleanse itl as guerd 2 's gun fire and blood spread across the shirt of the still - smile Stranger : CUT to : the North , nimrod and " aide " ( the two latter be the pilot who will undertake the mission ) calculate that the time require for fuelling the plane , install the bomb and reach the target will be X hour , we the audience , therefore know that there be .a dangerously short time - limit for the completion of : caesar 's countermeasure . this be not unsubtle , modern City be of course equip with deep shelter which , when first construct , be design to accommodate the human population only . in the event of a nuclear attack , ape would have be leave to fend for themselves , the situation must now be reverse , though the reversal be tempere with a modicum of mercy . caesar break into the holiday celebration with a 18. dramatic proclamation of emergency on p,a , and tv . the threat ( he say ) may be a hoax but the Council be take no risk , deep shelter shall , for the moment , immediately be occupy by ape only . thereafter ( say caesar ) whatever shelter space remain available shall be allocate to human select on a priority basis for they potential usefulness to ape Society . human be ask to stand by public tv screen till that select have be surmon ( by they personal number ) to fill vacancy in designate shelter . that not select must find what shelter they can in subways and cellar . throughout caesar 's announcement we intercut its panic -effect on the holiday - make populace - in the restaurant , where half - eat meal be leave unfinish ; in the playground , where the ape Children do not want to be parte from they human teacher , lindy ; and in the barber 's shop etc. , etc . at length the ape be go - leave the Civic Center scattered with holiday - litter and bewilder human . a elderly male , as though in a trance , begin automatically to sweep the litter from the sidewalk , like a Zombie . caesar exit a conference with he councilor ( all be united in adversity ) and invite macdonald to share the sanctuary of he V , i.p , shelter , to caesar 's distress , macdonald at first refuse , he prefer to stay ( and if need be die ) with he own people , caesar gently argue , end : 19 . caesar macdonald , it be wrong for a ruler to be in he servant 's debt . you save my life twice . I command you to allow I to save yours . macdonald and if I refuse ? caesar smile and put a arm on macdonald 's shoulder . caesar I will have you shot . macdonald smile , too .. . and give in . they have reach : the " robing room " , where Lisa ( alone ) plead to be allow to take she two huran maid , mary and anna , into the shelter . reluctantly , caesar feel compel to restrict she to one . human select for shelter will chiefly be that who can serve not individual but the State , poor Lisa ! she will have to make a difficult choice , in the North , the bomb be about to be install in the plane and we learn something that nimrod and the two pilot have know all along ; that this be possibly a suicide mission with a conceivable point of no return , nimrod have gamble all but & small reserve- percentage of he precious fuel on a death - blow to caesar 's capital city . the pilot have enough fuel to reach the target area , drop the bomb and ( with luck and good weather ) fly clear of the holocaust before effect a force landing on they way home to the North , 20 , note ; in the above scene we visvally ( and unassertively ) establish that nimrod 's campsite include a car graveyard contain veteran vehicle of the 1970' and 1980' , a handful of human be work ( without special urgency ) to restore or service this , CUT to : exterior shot of ape descend into various shelter - many clutching suitcase and bag of food , some with ( ape ) child . one heavily - guard shelter be also the City arsenal , fill with box of ammunition and crate of small arm . we end on v.i.p , shelter with caesar , Lisa , Pan , Aldo , Zeno , other councilor and aide , macdonald and the valet , George . outside , the two human maid , Anna and Mary , approach the shelter with confidence . Lisa can not bear to watch the heart - rending scene as Anna be give access and Mary be exclude . in the North , the bomb be install in the plane . in the Civic Center the lower - calibre huran . ( such as sweeper , cleaner , laborer } cluster round a outdoor tv screen , wait , praying that they name may be call . indoor , the higher - calibre technician , teacher , medic etc . watch they own ty set in srall , sparsely furnish root and share apartment , the set be switch on , but the screen stay silent and black , until : a voice boom out over civie Center : " attention all humansi " the screen brighten to reveal a ( chimpanzee ) . 21. announcer ( as we intercut listener ) the follow will report immediately to shelter 9 at the intersection of caesar Avenue and armando Street .* they will wear they identity disc and carry no baggage except such portable tool and device as be vital to the useful prosecution of they profession or they trade . they mate ( whether male or female ) will not be admit to the shelter ; and no human child shall be release from the School pound , where second - class shelter be available in the cellar , now , as the announcer ( see on various screen ) call each name and number - precede by a initial letter denote he or she calibre - we CUT or pan to the name 's owner . thus , on a small indoor screen : announcer a34577 clement , veterinary surgeon . we pan off tv screen to Clem , a handsome young vet in he surgery . with a sigh of relief , he begin methodically to put instrument and drug into he medical bag . CUT to : Civic Center 's big screen , announcer c21632 Bradford , carpenter , CUT to : * for ape-buff . armando , caesar 's human foster - father , be kill for try to help caesar in '' conquest " , 22 , Brad , in he burly mid -30' , look at screen . he already carry he small tool in he belt and he larger one ina bag . he move off , to the undisauised envy of the crowd , there could be trouble brewing . we continue to cross - CUT this '' call - up " of the huran in modern City with the progress of the plane 's preparation in the North ; and it may be assume that , whenever we CUT to the North , further name be be call in the South - name , whose owner we shall only meet for the first time in the picture 's second half , meanwhile , after the call up of ( say ) a architect and a engineer , we : cuT to : large indoor wall screen . announcer b135984 melinda , schoolteacher . we pull pack to lindy alone and frighten in she schoolroom , seat at a high desk in front of blackboard scribble with simple sur and the quotation " we must love one another or die . " * she begin to collect color crayon , pen , pencil , draw pad , exercise book etc . cur to : small screen in share apartment . announcer al49760 Alexander , animal psychiatrist . ooo not * woh , auden 23 . we pull back to two man in a room whose shelf jointly accommodate the book of the psychiatrist ( lex ) and the technical parphernalia of the radio-ham ( frank ) . lex be thin , bespectacle and frail . Frank - dark , saturnine and compact , emanate the same dynamic power as the man we call " the Stranger " . lex ( sincerely ) I be sorry , Frank . but Frank be brood and do not answer . lex survey he book , lex I guess my . . . baggage be all in my head . I will just take soap and a toothbrush , ( finger he weak chin ) and maybe grow a beard at last . his finger have touch the cord of he identity - dise , which he pull out from under he shirt . and Frank stare at it . lex must not lose this . frank you might as well , lex might as well what ? frank lose it , lex . lex ( alarmed ) Frank , what dtyou want ? frank I want to survive , lex . a 4 , he snatch at the disc and pull it so that the cord bite into the back of lex 's neck . lex ( resisting ) Frank , you can not get away with it , you be not a psychiatrist . you be a radio technician - | Frank begin to twist the disc so that the cord twist , too . just before lex be ( inevitably ) strangle , we : cuT to : Shots of low - calibre unselected human drift , daze and terrify , about the darken street . they begin to coalesce into a mob. selected human queuing to go down into shelter 9 . they identity - disc be check against a type list at the head of the descend stone stairway , lindy approach checkpoint , follow by Frank , b135984 I linda schoolteacher . gorilla guard pass . frank a149760 Alexander , animal psychiatrist . after a sufficient pause to provide tension : gorilla guard pass . a step below Frank , lindy slightly stumble . he grab she elbow to prevent a fall . 25 . lindy thank you , Mr. . . Alexander . frank ( grin ) call I lex , more human at the end of the queue go down , down , down , down . . and in the North , the two Pilot - aide go up , up , up into the plane , dusk . the unselected mob march on a Bank . there will be vault , there , and maybe money for later - if there be a " later " . they be smash the window with broom handle , when the last ape Police squad to patrol the City open fire . a pitch battle ensue between a squad with firearm and a mob ( superior in number ) armed only with broom , pick , spade , hammer etc . inevitably many human be massacre ; but some climb through the break glass and vanish into the Bank , a siren wail , summoning all ape personnel back into the shelter , the Police squad recede . silence break by : exterior , the plane 's four great jet engine suddenly roar into earsplit life . we pull back to include nimrod and he " Army " assemble to bid the revving - up plane farewell . Shots of shelter door slide shut . night be fall on modern City . with a thunderous roar the plane take off and head south into the deepen dusk . 26 . Interior of plane . tense technical dialogue between the two ( doom ? ) pilot . the fuel and altimeter dial of the veteran plane be establish . its condition be less than perfect . the red and yellow flag and poster - portrait of caesar flutter over darken street desert and empty except outside the Bank , where wounded human Survivors of the massacre still faintly moan and stir . from a poster - portrait we : cuT to : caesar , deep underground with he entourage , plan for a enigmatic future . we end on : zeno what more can we do ? caesar we can wait , Interior of plane , buffete by headwind . the fuel dial be fall . to evade turbulence , Pilot 1 drop to the minimum altitude consistent with clear the bomb 's explosion , and peer from the cockpit into . . . black night . impressive ground -shot of modern City by night . streetlamp have light automatically and some window be light , though empty . from he shelter , caesar order a General blackout , insert : a hairy orangutan hand throw a switch {or switch ) in subterranean power house . 27 . full shot : City . all the light go out . and very , very gradually in the long , momentous silence , we hear the drine of the approach plane . as it louden , one of the engine begin to stutter . the drine and the stutter can just ( but only just ) be hear by a elderly female human supervisor in the cellar of the School pound , where she sit surround by scared human child , she take a pectoral cross from its concealment in she bosom and hold it towards the child . supervisor Children , this be call the cross of Christ , who be still say secretly by many of we to be the Son of God . let we pray for we safety to him and to his Father . repeat after I : we Father ... child we Father ... supervisor which art in heaven ... CUT to : Interior of plane , pilot 1 we be lose height , it 's now or never . pilot 2 now . we close to he hand activate the vbomb 's release , and pilot 1 put plane into a scream steep turn , as we : CUT down to : 28 , the City . no sound of the detonation . but night slowly brighten into day , and the day slowly dazzle . we catch the classic Hiroshima glimpse of a stray human back against a stone wall . ' then he body vanish and only he silhouette remain burnt into the wall ... which split , the screen bleach to a white , blind incandescence ; and the thunder of crash masonry deafen we , as the now invisible City founder , only later shall we learn what happen to the plane . end of part I 29 . part two time - dissolve to : int . v.i.p. shelter in almost total darkness , two human shape sit on either side of a table against the concrete back wall , spoon something out of a can into they mouth , shape 1 wetre lucky they never eat meat , shape 2 ( lighter voice ) we be lucky they leave orange peel . wetre lucky the shelter be open , shape 1 okay . so we be lucky .. . period , shape 2 ( shiver suddenly ) I feel it 's evening . shape 1 what day ? shape 2 what month ... ? shape 1 would you like a minute or two of light ? shape 2 we have be very economical . shape 1 throw a switch on the wall above the table , and light flood the abandon ape shelter . shape 2 that 's better . it be not better - for we . both human be hairless as albinos ; and radiation have stripped they face ' skin , revealing the 30 . hideously complex ganglia of vein , sinew and nerve end beneath , we be look at two ancestor of the " evolve " mutant colony which be later to find a subterranean civilization in " ape 2 " , shape 1 I would like to have see we child again . shape 2 ( affectionately ) we will have other , it dawns on we that shape 2 must be female . as the grotesque pair kiss across the table , we : quick time - dissclye tc : Shots of small , bewilder huran band - shocked , stricken and in tatter , wander aimlessly in a daze effort to live off the scorched earth , over which a brown fog hang like @ pall . one such band fight for possession of a withere bush which bear neither leave nor berry . another group voraciously fall on and dismember the brittle skeleton of a man - separately to suck and chew the dry , fleshless bone .* CUT to : a child 's grave , scoop and heape from the grey aust . over this , the voice of the Children 's supervisor : ( " mother " ) agnes forasmuch as it hath pleased almighty God of he great mercy ... CUT to : * if the censor demur ( but why should he ? ) a cow 's skeleton would be second best . 31 . full shot : agnes and a group of human Children , all in wind - blow tatter by the wind - blow grave , agnes + '' .. to take unto himself the soul of we dear ... little .. . brother here depart , we therefore commit he body to the ground ; earth to earth , ash to ash ... nintercutte grave ) - '' + gust to dust ; in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life , .. ( throw she pectoral eross on to the grave ) .« . '' through we Lord Jesus Christ Matilda what the hell d' you think you be do ? come back at once } CUT to ; medium long shot : matilda , a little black girl . . matilda mother agnes , I have find something . agnes ( enter foreground ) what ? matilda grass . with a cry of hope , the entire Group race toward Matilda , we angle down on the wind blow dust over the pectoral cross on the grave , and : CUT to : montage with triumphal music : the trek to greener pasture , where the air be clean , and the odd dove or rabbit make the practical agnes long for a gun . even this be to be vouchsafe she , as we end montage on : 32 , Group meeting up with the few rag but cheerful survivor of the " mob " who take refuge in the Bank . under the leadership of a amiable giant call jud , they ( like the Children ) be head north , the trek resume and they come within sight of a screen of distant tree . and suddenly a little boy cut through the chatter ; boy listen ! the chatter stop . boy listen to that bird . distantly from behind the tree , we hear : " pink ! pink ! pink ! " as the sound continue : jud ( himself a laborer ) that be not no bird . that 's a pick - on stone . agnes glory be to God , there be more of ust the Men begin to break into a run , which put up a@ rabbit in the scrub . jud ( yell ) get he , Danny ! any curiosity we may feel about the rabbit 's fate be wipe from we mind by what instantly follow : the cough of a answer rifle - bullet from behind the tree . it knock the gun out of Danny 's hand . 33 . jud ( to Group ) down , all of youl CUT to : closer shot : the screen of tree . in the silence we slow 200m to a gunemuzzle point through the leave of a upper bough , and hear : voice 1 ( from below ; dubiously ) the order be not to fire ... voice 2 ( vehind leave ) '' + '' unless they fire first . they do . — the gun - barrel dip forward to reveal the hand of the firer reloading . it be the hand of a gorilla , over this , much nearer than before : '' pink ! pink ! pinki " voice 2 alert the outpost , CUT back to : human Group , anxiously confer . agnes and she brood be bustle into cover in rear of the Men who fan out in a close sericircle + some armed and ready to fire . child ( point ) look I CUT to : p.o.v. long shot : a single gorilla with a rifle stand in front of the distant screen of tree . back to : 34 . child a gorililat agnes mother of God ... one of the Men fire . medium shot : gorilla , ducking a narrow miss , fire back . close shot : the man who fire be kill . medium shot : the prone gorilla 's right arm signal '' advancel " , and we zoom back to : full shot : the gorilla cavalry break cover through the screen of tree , Riding bareback ( as caesar , a former circus rider , must have teach they ) they gallop in a wide semicircle which close in a pincer - movement to outflank and surround the huddle huran , who be netted and round up like cattle into ene ( or two ) horse - draw cage that have follow the attack squadron , but one Danny escape ; and as the cart rumble out of shot , we stay with he crouching , crawl and snake , finally , to the shelter of a cave - mouth , into whose half darkness we follow he , alrost instantly he hear step and voice approach from deeper in the cave . he flatten hirself into concealrent behind a rocky buttress . voice 1 I have to save my battery . where 's you nearest operational transmitter ? 35 . voice 2 about ea mile 'ts walk down the subway . voice 1 then radio to nimrod that I be establish in the royal circle . caesar get headache .* I have tell he they be psychological and he believe I . into the brighter light of the cave-mouth emerge .. . Frank , the bogus animal - psychiatrist , whom we shall hereafter call by he assume name of " lex " , " tex " ( smug smile ) he think I can cure they . he turn back to wave good - bye to the owner of Voice 2 ( now dimly discernible in the shadow ) and see Danny flatten against the buttress . stex uu you have get a visitor . the owner of Voice 2 walk into the light . he be the third mutant we have see so far and , despite he hideously marre face , have a certain authority . we hear " lex " leave , then : mutant 3 who be you ? campbell b64139 Campbell . mutant 3 what be you trade or profession ? * we can plant this in part one. 36 . danny gunsmith , mutant 3 ( a lipless smile ) we have room for you , come down , CUT to : escort by gorilla cavalry , the two cart break through the leafy screen into : the new ape City under process of construction . the effect should be inspiring , for ape and they select human expert be work together energetically and harmoniously ~ though the hurran address even the humblest ape-leborer as " Sir " . from the p,o.v. of the huran in the cert , camera rove : - ape-wield pick strike on stone as cave - like dwelling be scoop out of rock under the supervisior ef a human architect who , from time to time , unroll paper - plan and deferentially issue further suggestion to the worker . - the Arena ( see in ape 2 ) now almost finish , as ape raise and anchor a tall flagpole at its center beside which other be erecting a dais , - impressionistic glimpsis of ape be teach under human supervision to cultivate the land - e.g. seed sow , vine grow , digging or even ploughing . ( the choice of image will be guide by we budget but must convey that , in term of food , the community be become self -sufficient . ) 37 . ~ settle in a country where wildlife have not be exterminate , the inhabitant have access to fur , fibre , feather , hide , skin , bark , and simple fabric which female ape can be see pluck , plait , cut and crudely tailore in the open square . as we pass , we see fruit and vegetable stack in a free ( but ration ) market , where 2 gorilla supervisor dispose to each ape he due . a aduit orangutan try to steal a extra orange be summarily whipped . ~- from a shot of the cart enter the double - ~ geteway of a huran compound , we : cut to : ' acdonald open double - doorway to usher caesar to the head of the Inner Council table where Aldo , Zeno and Pan await he . note : what we shall call the " Palace " complex ( Council room , live room and bedchamber ) demand credibility of construction and decor . let we assume that we human carpenter ( Brad ) have supervise the make of chair , table and bed . some of the fabric have be transport from modern City ; other we have just see be woven . intermittent sound effect will indicate that construction be not yet complete . meanwhile , the Inner Council 's debate open . in gist : 38. caesar why do they fire at we ? macdonald they do not , they fire at a rabbit . aldo ( darkly ) how can you be sure ? macdonald we have the rabbit . albo then I suggest that they share its fate . rabbit breed . so will they . pan caesar have Said again and again that the time for kill be over . let they live and serve the Community like they fellow . aldo ( scornfully } Pan , the pacifist ! caesar General Aldo , you army exist to keep the peace - not to break it , aldo and what if they break we ? the sound of saw start in a adjacent room , and caesar 's hand go suddenly to he head . zeno ( notice ) I have a compromise . let they survival depend on they co-operation , caesar ( head in pain ) in favor ... ? sawing continue as Zeno raise he hand , follow ( after a pause ) by pan. 39 . aldo do that include the child and they supervisor ? pan I move that they be put in charge of the teacher , lindy . aldo ( outrage ) you intend to educate they ? in the same school as we own young ? zeno ( soothingly ) again , provide they co-operate . aldo what child ever do ? now hammer start in the next room . caesar macdonald , can that noise be stop ? what be they building ? macdonald a cot for what we hope will be caesar 's son . pan ( gently ) they have not much time . aldo my son be bear upon the ground . caesar ( with sudden , icy fury ) you son be not royal . and the propriety of a prince 's cot be not @ matter for debate in council . aldo as caesar please . harmer , hammer , hammer ! ho , caesar ( both hand to head ) where 's lex ? macdonald I will find hin , CUT to : " lex " return through ape City . he meet macdonald and , just before move out of shot , they pass : lindy hold she first unsegregate class for human anc ape child , watch by agnes . lindy {to chimp girl ) myra , count up to ten , myra ( with facile mimicry ) onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten , lindy hhold up finger ) and what be one plus three ? a long silence . myra can not do it . lindy anybody ? all human child ( a concerted yell ) fouri not a ape~child have speak . agnes smile smugly at lincy . int . Medical hut in palace grounds . " lex " , macdonald and cler , the vet , ( whom we shall call Doc ) briefly and privately discuss caesar 's condition . Doc suspect a disease endemic among chimp : 41 , brain - expansion in a unexpandable cranium . but no x-ray apparatus be available to confirm this . have " lex " have any success psychiatrically ? not much , some kind of mental censorship be prevent caesar from talk freely . Doc offer to inject a minimal dose of pentothal to " unbutton '' he . as they leave for the palace : CUT to : underground . mutant 3 guide Danny , the gunsmith , along a subway to the steady thrum of a generator which may well be the source of dim lighting . they be pause by a mutant - ran radio transmitter whose retractable aerial soar through a air vent . operator come in , nimrod . come in , nimrod . a voice , very distort by static , answer ~ unintelligibly to we but not to the operator , operator Frank , alias Alexander , alias lex , report that he be well establish under agree cover in caesar 's court - circle and ... mutant 3 and Danny have move on , as Operator 's Voice dwindle and fade . mutant 3 I be take you to the City arsenal . out of the bit and piece the ape leave we , I want to construct a rather unusual missile . ye , danny oguard ) will it harm my own kind ? mutant 3 not noticeably . int . anteroom to bedchamber , closeup : Doc 's hypodermic needle retract from a small , red-tagged plastic container and be expell into caesar 's arm . as we pull back to include a couch and stool : Doc caesar , youtll feel drowsy at first . then relaxed . relaxed enough to talk to ... ( indicate ) lex . a interruption . Lisa 's human may , Anna , enter to say that she mistress 's labor- pain have start . caesar only drowsily react . doe quietly put back the pentothal - container in he dector 's bag , from which he now extract ( say ) a sphigmometer and a tube of tablet ke leave with Anna . and " lex " , seat behind caesar 's drowsy head , be leave look intently into the bag - in which be a second plastic container identical with the first , except that it be ddiack -tagge . CUT to : only two more quick scene before the action start : 1 , int , bedchamber , Doc , he ministration over , look down at Lisa * with a reassurance he do not feel . * though in this outline Lisa 's role may appear skeletonic , we hope to build she relationship with caesar into something tender , humorous and touch . 43 , boc ' itil be around , mar 'am . send Anna if you need I . ' he take Anna aside into the passage connect bedchamber with anteroom and tell she that , due probably to the long , arduous trek from modern City to ape City , the baby 's position be wrong . it 's not go to be a easy birth . suddenly we hear caesar 's torment voice louden vehind the anteroom door . cuT to : 2 . int . a dramatic set-piece for caesar , at long last give vent to he guilt at have be instrumental in the death of he beloved huran foster - father , arrando . ( his lamentation will also serve to se - this picture in the context of its predecessor . ) " he love I , and I kill he . there will be no more kill , while I be King . '' " lex " glibly soothes he . armando die so as not to betray caesar . have he so betrayed he , the ape would still be slave . if armandot spirit survive , he would be happy at he own suicide 's eutcome , we end on caesar 's childlike whimper of dependency that characterise he parting from armando in " conquest " : caesar armando . . . armando ... armando ... a boow ! from the ceremonial cannon - which we may presume to have be horse - draw and / or manhandle month ago into ape City . caesar 's personal standard break from the flagpole as the royal cortege approach the dais in full view of the crowded amphitheatre . a , Lisa walk shakily on caesar 's arm , follow by Anna carry the blankete baby . deferentially in the rear come Doc ( with he bag ) and " lex " - respectively in attendance on caesar and Lisa . as they mount the dais , Lisa stumble slightly ~ and Doc exchange 2 disapprove headshake with " lex " , the Queen should not have deer , allow out so soon . a hush fall , as caesar take the baby from Anna 's arm . then , with Lisa by he side , not hold the child aloft . caesar to the Council , to the Senate and to the people of this City , I present my newborn son ... tremendous cheer . caesar and I name he , after my ape father and my human foster - father , cornelius armando , the cannen boom ; and as the cheer peak , Lisa sway and fall . " tex " be at caesar 's side , caesar give he the baby to hold and crouch in great concern over Lisa , whom Doc ts already attend . lisa ffrighten eye flicker ) pain ... pain ... too many ape , eager to help , be crowd the dais . Anna cannowv reach she mistress , the gorilla Police move in to hold they back . 45 , Doc open he bag , fill he hypodermic from the black - tag plestic container and inject its content into Lisa 's arm , five minute later she be dead . Doc , stunne and bewilder , can only stare and stare - first at Lisa , then at he hypodermic . caesar , reverting momentarily to primitivity , utter a single howl of grief and , with hand press to he aching head , begin to " keen " in a low , moan note as he reck from side to side inconsolably . the crowd begin to surge towards the dais , but be hold back by Aldo 's gorilla Police . Zeno be give access to the dais ; by macdonald , try to fight through to caesar 's side , be clubbed to unconsciousness dy a rifle - butt , zeno ( call from dais ) the Queen be dead , aldo ( among he troops , from below ) the Queen be murder ! caesar ( regain he sense ) lex ! look to the child ... he rise and peer about the dias . then , in panic : caesar oroar ) le-e-e -x ! over a sudden , appal and total hush , we : cut to : 46 , " lex " move quickly but carefully through a high thicket above the amphitheatre . . . with the blankete baby in he arm . he pause for a second to lock down on : Aldo order out , first , the cavalry to sweep the countryside in & search for " lex " ; then the police to arrest Doc , '' the assassin " ; and finally the infantry to herd all the human like cattle into they compound and set up guard round both it and the human child 's school . 47 , quick shot , cross -cutting - cavalry thunderously chase " lex " , who escape unseen after appallingly narrow shave . - lisat corpse be shoulder away from the amphitheatre by chimp stretcher - bearer . - Doc 's bag be dumped on a table for examination by a orangutan , - " lex " , with blankete - baby , slip safely into the mutant 's cave - mouth , CUT to ; at gorilla Police headquarters , Doc be savagely grill by a gorilla and a orangutan interrogator . Doc protest that the drug container must have be switch by " lex " to create a confusion in which the Queen 's death would distract attention from the kidnap of the baby . scene end on : Doc lex must have be a impostor . CUT to : closeup : zeno zeno or a conspirator . pull back to : a distraught caesar preside over a fierce debate of the Inner Council . in gist : 48 , aldo or one of many conspirator .. how many we do not know , so every human head must roll . pan let we at least keep ours , what motive have the Doctor for murder ? he would already warn caesar that the Queen be unfit to attend the child 's public presentation , he be among the most privileged of we human adviser , aldo even privileged worm turn . unless you stamp they into the ground . caesar ( wearily ) lex be privileged , too . might they not both have conspire to kill my wife and kidnap my Son ? pan then why do he make no attempt to escape with lex ? I believe the Doctor 's story . I believe that lex switch the label on the drug . I believe that lex be plant among we as & spy . zeno wno by ? pan by nimrod , who want to finish on the battlefield ... SHOCK CUT to : " lex " ( we remember he be really a radio-technician ) listen to mutant transmitter . pan be voice ( cont . ) ( on distort ) - '' '' what he begin with the bomb . W lex ww {to Operator ) keep monitoring . and get I nimrod , CUT to ; 4g , the North , nimrod with two new aide listen to the radio in the tent , whose flap be open , " lex be " voice the Queen be dead and caesar be brainsick , the ape be divide - and they will be more so , when I activate the device . what do you propose ? nimrod look out through tent - flap at : p.o.v. long shot : the car graveyard , which be no longer a graveyard , score of mechanic have transformed abandon hulk into viable vehicle . the vechicle may be old crock but ( we hear a distant engine briefly revving ) the crock be by no mean crippled , over this , as revving cut out : nimrod' voice we be come south . CUT to : panning shot : v.i.p. shelter under modern City . it have be clean up and sparsely furnish . a wall shelf contain a few can goods that could have be officially distribute from cellare stock below the bomb 's reach . pan end on : previously -establish mutant 1 and 2 seat at the wooden table 's head . the hideous ferale mutant be feed the kidnap baby chimp from a bottle , and croon a traditional lullaby whose word ( curiously ) seem more apposite to simian than human baby . female mutant " hushaby , baby , on the tree-top . when the wind blow , the cradle will rock . when the bough break , the cradle will fall . and down will come baby and cradie and all . '' 50 . male mutant ( tenderly ) it 's like have a baby of we own . CUT to : Council meeting continue , caesar , under increase mental and physical stress , show sign of crack . muffled hammer sound intermittently outside , during : caesar my wife be murder and my son steal . the human be in conspiracy against we , pan there be no evidence that all human - caesar ( yell like Hitler ) the point about conspiracy be that there should be no evidence , ( quieter ) which of they can now be trust ? a silence , break by : aldo the answer to mistrust be massacre . if they live , they talk . if they talk , they plot , if they plot , we die . pan ( leaping to he foot ) caesar have swear publicly that " the time for kill be over ! " that be a oath which can not be break . caesar ( with a slyness that should shock we ) it can be modify . 51 . pan how ? caesar by cut out they tongue , a longer silence , break by : zeno there must be more merciful way of make @ man dumb . caesar {abruptly rise ) then find they . and he stalk darkly out of the Council chamber through the ante-room door , leave : after a pause : pan ( appal ) it 's madness . aldo it make sense , if they can not speak , they cannot conspire . if they cannot conspire , they cannot dominate . zeno you may be right , but they still have the child . I be worried about the child , pan I be worried about the Children . cuT to ; 52 . caesar enter bedchamber , where Lisa lie robe " in state " , as he kneel by the bedside , tell she that she death shall be revenge , the hammer start up again . caesar stride angrily to the window and confront : p.o.v , close shot : Brad , the carpenter , flanke by two gorilla Guards , he deferentially explain that he be complete a coffin for the queent funeral tomorrow , and now carefully , delicately screw in a single ornamental metal knob on the coffint lid , so carefully , so delicately , that we shall remember the scene in retrospect , brad it 's finish , CUT to : Medical Hut start on close top shot of a neatiy dissect rabbit , pin down and variously label on a wooden board , we pan down to a dead dove , doubtless await similar treatment beside it , and - pull back to include Zeno and zaia in a bare room hang with anatomical chart of ape and human . one chart compare they vocal system . Zaia be & young and personable ferale orangutan - possibly a ancestress of Dr. Zaius in ape 1 and 2 , zeno Zaia , I speak in confidence , for we survival 's sake , this thing may soon have to be do , all I be now ask you , as the Doctor 's best pupil in anatomy , be how it could effectively be do with the least pain . 53 . Zaie pick up a pointer and move confidently to the wall - chart , zaia the Doctor say that every human be above the level of a idiot develop a speech - center on one side of the brain depend on whether he be leave or right hand . there be modern procedure which so pinpoint the speech -center , and the audio and visual area tie in with it , that ali the faculty concerned could be obliterate = as painlessly as they would be by a electrically induce stroke , zeno could man , so treat , still serve the community in however lowly a capacity ? zaia only as fodder for the bird and beast and the fish that he 's almost succeed in exterminate . zeno we do not want that - yet , zaia nindicate on chart ) then with relatively little pain , you could sever the laryngeal nerve lilaterally in the neck - and paralyze he vocal chord without paralyze he other faculty . zeno could you perform such a operation ? zata I be a anatonist . not a surgeon . ( pause ) but - huran compound , cage -ban , 54 , zeno yes ? zaia if I see a demonstration ... SHOCK CUT to : big head of Doc , appal and sweat behind pac ( yell ) nol as he speak , we pull back to inelude macdonald , equally appal , still cage beside he , boc I will not mutilate my own kind ! if you put a scalpel in my hand , I shall use it on my throat , cuT to : reverse p.0 , V. shot : outside the cage and glaring in , be caesar ( now indubitably made and Aldo , flanke by two gorilla Guards . caesar ( iciiy ) if you do , the surgery will be perform by the aptest of you ape pupil - doubtless more clumsily , probably more painfully and possibly lethally . let we pray that she will improve with experience . poc but , caesar .. . why ? aldo you murder caesar 's wife - 55 . doc no ! the label be - aldo you colleague steal he child . boc yes , but he be only one ... caesar nlook shiftily from side to side ) among how many ? I offer you membership of a kingdom at peace . you give I treachery , and be guilty of treason , macdonald ( quietly ) even the child ? caesar they will grow into traitor . macdonald and 1 ? caesar armando once tell I the-story of juda , you , above all , in the silence we hear the approach thud of gallop horse 's hoof . macdonald there seem no futher point in talk . we pan to the gorilla cavalry Commander dismount , caesar {very tense ) News . 56 . it be neither a question nor a statement but a command ; and the Commander be loth to obey it . '' he hold up a shred of tear fabric . caesar be rub commander we find this on a thornbush .. . ( point ) '' '' . in the thicket above the amphitheatre . caesar ( take it ) it 's from the blanket . commander there be track down to the river , but we could not pick they up on the far side . the water 's shallow . he could have walk mile upstream or down , the fabric against he cheek . aldo you be still search ? commander I call the main body back - caesar ( furious ) why ? commander there be a dust -cloud to the north of the Old City . we CUT in close shot of the cage macdonald , suddenly very alert . he shoot a meaningful glance at Doc . caesar ( scornful ) the country round the Old City be all dust . 57 . commander the cloud be move . now Aldo turn as alert as : macdonald ( quickly ) caesar , I say there seem no further point in talk . I mean that literally . ( " dramatic " pause ) I offer myself to be make mute . Doc ( " resign " ) the daylight 's fade . tomorrow , caesar , at high noon , caesar ( curtly ) you have save you people certainly from pain and possibly from massacre . ( turn on Commander ) why do you call back the main body ? aldo caesar , the dust - cloud was_move . caesar ( vaguely ) when the wind blow ... cuUT to ; int. v.i.p , shelter , start on closeup of ferale mutant croon to baby chimp . female mutant {as though complete caesar 's line '' '' '' the cradle will rock . we pull back to include male mutant with " lex " who look down on the baby with smile satisfaction . 58 . female mutant ( cont . ) when the bough break , the cradle will fall . down will come cradle and . baby and all . " lex " move to open the door , from which he look back , lex take good care of he , we need he , female mutant ( dotingly ) so do we . as " lex " shut the door behind he : cuut to : ext . special effect : the faraway dust - cloud move south along the desert horizon , too faraway for we eye or ear to identify its mature ... yet , curt to : 59 . reneath modern City . " lex " , stride between the crack wall of a subterranean corridor , be allow ingress by two mutant guard to the City 's old arsenal , where Danny the gunsmith ( with the help of mutant labor ) be consulting blueprint and supervise the construction of a medium - size projectile , whose sinister oddity of design we shall leave to the ingenuity of we Art Department . lex ( extend hand ) we meet in the cave- mouth , . danny ( grin and shaking hand ) right ! it 's nice to meet a fellow - hu ( man ) - ( stop tactfully short - @ fellow . lex what be you make ? Danny look first at the blueprint and then at the projectile . he scratch he head . danny ( genuinely ) I do not know . CUT to ; ext . night . nimrod and aide in a veteran Jeep at the head of a column whose noise proclaim it to be motorize . nimrod ( quietly into walky - talky ) halt . the sound of engine cut out . in the silence , the rise dust obscure the rise moon . cuT to : 60 , ape City - high noon , cross -cutting - ext . Lisa 's impressive funeral . six chimpanzee be coffin bearer ; and behind they walk caesar ( head bow in grief ) follow by Aldo , Zeno , Pan and a ceremonial detachment of gorilla infantry . as the cortege advance between ape spectator : aldo {aside to Zeno} when my mother 's time come for die , she go into the wood - and die , she have no grave . Zeno shrug . - int , Medical hut. prepations for Doc 's operation on macdonald 's vocal chord . Zaia have acquire a certain proficient menace as she strap macdonald to the wooden operate - table and begin deftly to shave the stubble on both side of he neck with a cut - throat razor . outside the open window , a gorilla Guard look in . - a group of Young gorilla complete the digging of a grave , as the cortege approach from b.g¢ . - with strip of lint dip first into a bowl and then into a perspex bottle , Zaia disinfect and locally anaesthetize the shaven area of macdonald 's neck , doc ( with difficulty achieve self - control ) good girl . she hand he a scalpel . 61 , - the coffin with its ornamental metal knob be lower into the grave , over which Zeno extend a hand in benediction , zeno May you see God , who create we in his irage . 4 chirp grave digger begin to shovel back the earth . caesar stand back , all of you - and let I bid she good - byel 7 '' jump into the shallow grave and put he lip to the coffin - lid . - Doc 's scalpel touch macdonald 's neck for the first incision . zaia Doctor , that be not the correct point of entry . ostside the gorilla Guard stiffen . Inside Doc behave as though he 'c be testing Zaia , but now know that he have teach she too well . doc ( sweat ) ten out of ten . I tell you you would make a great surgeon . now you mark it for I . nm not take a feel pen and mark the spot with a white cross , 62 . choker shot : caesar 's lip near to the coffin lid 's metal knob . caesar Lisa , dearest lisal you death will be avenge . for you sake , I shall not kill that who have kill you . cuut to : Underground transmitter with mutant Operators , and " lex " listen , caesar' voice ( on distort ) I shall strike they dumd ! } lex now . a ferale mutant operator put on a pair of thick pebble - spectacle and begin to read from a prepare typescript in a thin , soft whisper . female operator oread into mike ) ' caesar ! ' cuut to : Lisa 's grave . caesar ( freeze , incredulous ) hear issue , epp2rently from the coffin , the thin , soft whisper that could be the dead Lisa 's voice . operator' voice ' listen , caesar , you enemy be outside , not inside , the City . the child be well and in safe hand . but if you shed or order the shed of one drop of human blood . . .« CUT to : 63 . flash : Doc 's scalpel press against the cross mark on macdonald 's neck . back to : caesar , crouch over Lisa 's coffin . operator' voice - '' '' the child will die . caesar leap out of the grave and run , yell , towards the Medical hut 's open window . caesar docto-o-ori Doctor clement ! CUT to : flash : Doc 's hand withdraw he scalpel - point from macdonald 's uninjured neck . cur to : Zeno , Aldo , Pan and infantryman who have ( on caesar 's order ) withdraw too far from the grave to have hear the whisper " voice " , zeno het go mad . aldo ( to infantry ) head he off ! as they hesitate , Aldo draw a gun . aldo ( roaring ) that be a orderlt 64 , the infantryman race to try and intercept caesar before he reach the Medical Hut , in whose doorway stand Doc , macdonald and ( behind thex ) a bewilder Zaia . Aldo and Zeno follow leave : pan ( to chimp coffin bearer ) if I know there be a God , I would pray to him . CUT to : outside the Medical Hut , caesar turn to face he pursuer . his wife ( he say ) have speak to he from the grave , Zeno and Aldo exchange bodeful glance , as caesar continue . his child be alive but will be slaughter if one drop of human blood be shed at he order . he scream at the pain in he head , and end : caesar ( a insane yell ) set all human freel macdonald , not far from caesar 's side , intercept a final , silent exchange between Aldo put he hand on he gun , and Zeno nodd . as Aldo draw , macdonald fling himself in front of caesar - and be instantly shot dead , his fall re-expose caesar , Aldo fire again , and caesar falis die beside macdonald , whose name he whisper twice before death cut short what would have be a plea for forgiveness , aldo ( aim gun at Doc ) now we can make war , 65 . synopsis of final phase scarcely have alco speak , than a shell explode short of the human compound and a ancient recce- plane radio back the information to nimrod 's artillery , Aldo and he retinue race to organize the ape counter - attack , even as they leave , two more shelis destroy the human compound - but not before the Children have escape in the confusion through the perimeter fence of wooden stake plant too closely for adult human to wriggle through . nimrod have destroy the human intentionally . they be '' collaborazsr with the ape and constitute a fifth column that must be exterrinat . the main ape-huran battle be join in the rocky open country betweer the site of modern City and ape City . basically it be a battle between human drive veteran vehicle with the reckless abandon of stock car , and ape on foot or horseback . but the ape ' armory ( cannon and small - arm bring from the modern City arsenal ) be bigger and more up - to- date than nimrod 's . they have also be teach ( when building ape City ) to lay and detonate explosive charge , which they use to deadly effect in rear of nimrod 's out - flanke Army . the battle rage with the do - or-die intensity of custer 's last stand , net , too , be bring into use , and the srerl - up vehicle be pound by gunfire into immobility . n 66 . # 4 hanstul of human survivor flee for refuge to the cave mouth , wnese location they know . they be join in flight by the escape child , and the group enter the cave mouth to descend inte mutantville below , but ape scout have observe this , and Aldo now advance he cavalry in a final charge which isolate nimrod and be drive he back cwarss the cave mouth when : rex . the cave mouth itself , Danny the gunsmith and mutant technician fire vhe mysterious projectile which fall just short of the acvance ape and momentarily halt they , it do not explode , but rv tick ; and while it tick , mutant 1 's voice on a loud hailer tax a announcement . the projectile contain ( say the voice ) a sophisticated and once - vep -secret nerve gas which ( through the innocent appearance of its nder ) escape detection by the ape in the old arsenal . the fast volatility be as considerable as its operational range , and its specific effect be painlessly to induce sterility and therefore , reproductivity in that who inhale it . it be if you like the teil it so , a genocide Zord . and it will explode in " X " second . 67 . zeno and Aldo need only briefly confer before decide to retreat - for the ape Race must survive by breeding , if it be to fulfill its mission of dominate mankind . as the ape gallop away , the tick stop and the projectile explode - too soon ( we suspect ) to save the ape from sterility . mutant 1 now appear in the cave mouth to greet : nimrod they call I nimrod , but my name be General mendez * I have come to offer my service to the human cause . ( pause in the cave mouth ) what 's the name of the nerve gas in that projectile ? mutant 1 it have no name . nimrod because it 's so secret ? mutant 1 it have no secret either , it do not exist . the projectile be empty . back in ape City , Zeno read a proclamation ordain that from this day Aldo and himself will be the City 's joint ruler . he also ordain that the infect land between modern City and ape City shall be call the " forbidden Zone " ( see ape 1 and 2 ) and begin to deliver the first of the anti-human homily later to be * mendez be the name of the dynasty that be one day to rule mutantville . we meet méndez xxvii in ape 2 . 68 . incorporate in the scroll of the lawgiver - by which name he will be remember for the next thousand year . as he speak , we - time dissolve T ?: from the cave mouth a little group of we human Children emerge cautiously , almost furtively , and peer into the sunset . matilda what can he do down there but pine and diel little boy he belong with he own kind . and they part to reveal the baby chimp ( who have grow a bit since we last see he ) be give a help hand to the foreground . he look this way and that ; sniff the evening air ; and then walx away , as alone as chaplin , into the sunset and the land of he father , over this , we roll up : end title