baywatch current revision by damian Shannon and Mark Swift base on a screenplay by Justin malen previous screenplay by Robert Ben garant and Thomas Lennon 5/1/15 ext . the BAY - morning pristine water . perfect sand . not a trace of garbage or even seaweed . this be the beach as it should exist . a rip surfer shred a early morning wave . two California beauty dip they foot in the water , chase the surf . a sand -sculptor make a amazing castle . God it 's awesome here . drum start . Music be beginning to build . and now , the shot that make baywatch the biggest show on planet Earth : cj parker a beautiful blonde bombshell of a lifeguard with a red rescue can jog past the beachgoer in glorious sun-dripped slo - motion . she look to a lifeguard tower where a tall brunette stephanie holden emerge , make notation about the tidal condition on a clipboard . she nod to cj , all business . attractive but conservative , she look to she watch , expectant . everyone on the beach now turn . woman , man , child , the old , the young , they all ready themselves ... .-- for it 's time for ' it 's to happen : ocean the water be calm , almost a sheet of glass . after a couple of beat , however ... bubble begin to appear . just a few at first ... but then more . there 's something down there . something rise . be it a sea beast ? no , it 's -- 6 -foot 5 - inches , 255 pound of pure muscle & grit . a tan , strapping package of ' fuck yeah ! 's -- rise out of the ocean like godzilla -- cover by only a pair of red swim trunk with a ' baywatch 's emblem . this be mitch buchanan he probably just swim 5 mile , but he be not even out of breath . he turn to the ocean and make a series of loud clicking sound . what the hell be he do ? just then , three dolphins emerge , respond to he call , ' tail - walk 's on the water . incredible . Mitch grin : mitch ' mornin’ , lady ! Mitch now begin he morning run . we follow he as he pass : -- the beachcomber snack shack ( exchange a ' sup nod with its elderly filipino owner ) . -- the pier ( where fisherman be haul fresh catch to they truck ; one worker toss Mitch a hunk of sushi-grade tuna , which he catch with one hand . take a bite . approve . ) -- basketball court . 10 baller be in the middle of a full court game . just as a streaking player go up for a dunk , however -- Mitch meet he mid-air and swat the ball away ! various baller ohhhhhh / shiiiiiitttt ! / dammmmm ! the reject baller be piss ... until he see it be Mitch ( who 's just smile back , continue he run ) . mitch not in my house , darnell . and darnell be actually cool with it . as if be block by Mitch be some kind of honor . darnell motherfuckin 's Mitch Buchanan ! brother save my nana 's life . I ever tell you that ? baller every time he jog by . literally every single time . mitch , further along on he run he pass luxury beach home ... when he 's hit in the head by a bikini top . he stop , look up at the source , find : a smoking hot woman stand on she balcony , wear only the match bottom . Mitch smile up at she . topless woman ooops . finish you workout up here ? mitch sheilaaaaa ... you be marry . you know I do not swim in other I n 's water . her husband come out , cradling he morning cup of coffee . he call down : husband for you , Mitch ? I would make a exception ! Mitch laugh and point up at he -- you dog ! he keep run , leave she deeply disappointed . he turn to she -- husband ( cont 'd ) you know , if you be in the mood -- topless woman shut the fuck up , Howard , I can not face you tired dick right now . ellerbee a bit-overweight black cop sit on a idling beach patrol atv , write someone a ticket for littering . Mitch jogging by , turn backwards -- mitch hey , ellerbee -- why do not you get off that rascal and join I ? ellerbee laugh but we can see he 's put on a fake smile -- ellerbee all -terrain -vehicle , Mitch ! Police issue all - terrain - vehicle hahaha -- ( softer , to himself ) -- you sunbake sonofabitch . buff men & women pump iron at a muscle beach -like gym ... Mitch have stop he run , and we see he 's yell at people through a intense workout , help they train -- mitch ( to he leave ) that 's right , brother , push ! you think you tank 's empty ? it be not empty until you say it 's empty ! ( to he right ) be you tank empty , Brittany ? reveal : Mitch have two 8yr-old do chin-up on he outstretch arm . other kid wait for they turn . brittany I ... be ... diesel ! mitch be running again he pass a homeless man ( hobo joe ) with a filthy beard and a longshoreman 's hat asleep on a bench . mitch hey , hobo Joe -- how 's it hangin’ ? seemingly still asleep , hobo Joe raise a thumb up . outside the huntley club a private beach club right on the water which ooze money and exclusivity . two young surfer be be chase off by a tough - look security guard . Mitch stop he run -- mitch ( cont 'd ) there a problem , scoot ? the Young surfer respond with absolutely incoherent surfer lingo . Mitch nod , understanding . we have to read subtitles : young surfer < this not very bright security guard claim we can not surf here . he say it be private property .> mitch nobody own this beach except the people who pay my salary -- the good citizen of the Bay . the Security Guard be huge , bald , thick beard . anyone else would be intimidate , but not Mitch . Mitch hold the Guard 's intense stare , but speak to the surfer : mitch ( cont 'd ) go shred . we get 10 to 12 foot sweller with a primo off shore blower and tasty barrel for day . the surfer give Mitch a series of impossibly complex hand shake which Mitch perfectly match move for move , he stare never leave the Guard , who now step like he 's gonna fight . braxton leed ( 0s ) s'alright ! it 's ok , frankie ! the surfer take off as Mitch turn and see a charming australian businessman approach with hand - outstretch . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) it 's Lieutenant Buchanan , right ? you be kindofa legend ' round here ! Mitch do not take he hand , still in beast mode . mitch this beach be not private . it 's public . braxton leed of course it be ! apology , my guy get a little protective of the member 's space sometimes , but you be absolutely right . ( beat ) I be braxton Leeds , new owner of the huntley Club . mitch right . still wait on my application to be approve . they both laugh knowingly , a little edge to Mitch 's . braxton leed believe I , I do not think they have let I in the bloody place if I do not own it . but hey , you come by any time , lunch be on I ... for you and you squad . no hard feelinus . Mitch be still a little skeptical , but put out he hand . mitch welcome to the Bay . they shake . and as Mitch resume he run , the giant Security Guard ( frankie ) come to Leeds 's side , they face both now serious and , frankly , a touch menace . frankie you want I to stay on he ? braxton leed it 's well in hand . go handle today 's delivery ... a couple of young guy on the beach early 20 top , be set up they beach chair on the sand . one of they be a little on the chubby side ( ronnie ) and he 's carefully angle he long slatted beach - chair in a different direction than he friend . friend be not you face the wrong way ? ronnie trust I . the guy follow ronnie 's gaze to a lifeguard tower and see cj parker emerge , cover she arm and chest in sunblock , she watchful gaze never leave the people swim . friend who ... be that ? ronnie she 's the most beautiful woman in the world . ronnie sit down and everything slow again as cj turn , throw back she hair . ronnie be in a trance . Music in he head build . God , she really be gorgeous . Long tone leg . clear blue eye that seem to be call to we ... ronnie casually pull a towel over he lap . and then , like a sudden splash of cold water -- teenage girl ( 0s ) hey you guy know where the snack shack be ?? before she can even finish she sentence , ronnie flip over so he 's lay on he stomach -- show only he back to she -- ronnie ahhh ! friend uh ... no . sorry . they be weird out , but leave . the friend start to giggle . suddenly , ronnie try to turn back over -- but can not . ronnie hey man -- I be stick ! help -- his friend lean over , look under the chair and wince . there 's something stick poke between the slat ... friend oh jesus ! how do you -- ronnie do something , man ! his friend look around , have no idea what to do . friend uhhhhh , I be not gonna touch you -- ronnie c ’mon ! friend help ! help , my friend need help ! ronnie what be you do ?! and like a dog hearing a whistle , mitch whip he head in they direction , and start run over -- friend I be sorry , dude -- I be sorry ! ronnie don't you leave I here man ! the ' friend 's high - tail it out of there as Mitch arrive . mitch you call for help ? ronnie no -- uhhh , that be -- uhhh -- mitch just calm down . what 's you name ? ronnie ronnie . mitch ok , ronnie . I be Mitch , and I be here to help . what 's the problem ? ronnie uhhh ... I seem to be ... uh , stick ? to this chair ? my ... uh , my ... Mitch kneel down , peek under the chair . mitch uh-huh . you have get you junk in a jam . ronnie yes ! Mitch put a comforting hand on he back . Mitch look around , surveying the scene . see cj nearby in the tower . mitch ( clinical ) ok , I think I see what happen here . you be fantasize about that lifeguard over there , and then , you begin to masturbate ... ronnie no ! mitch it 's perfectly natural to be attract to she , ronnie . common everyday biology . but I can not have that kind of behavior on my beach . ronnie I do not -- I swear ! I be just -- mitch it 's ok . but she name be cj parker , and she 's not a object . she 's a lifeguard , here to do a critical job . do you understand that ? ronnie nod , face in the chair -- genuinely understanding . ronnie I do . I do . mitch how 's the swell . have my calm demeanor help ? ronnie ( voice crack ) uhhhhh frankly ? no. mitch blood flow must be impede . you be cinched off , that bad - boy be not goin’ down . alright , we be gonna have to stand you up , pal . cj ! need you assistance over here ! ronnie no no please don ’t call her ! cj jog over , sun glisten off she wet skin . ronnie shut he eye tight , afraid to even look at she . co what 's up , Mitch ? mitch funny you should ask . on three , we be gonna help up my new friend ronnie here . one ... two ... three ! Mitch and cj stand ronnie ( and the beach chair ) up on end , and cj get a flash of -- co ooops , we get towel tent . we can see ronnie 's mortify eye through the chair slat -- ronnie you know what , just kill I , ok ? mitch do not worry , this will all be over in a sec . we be gonna have to cut it -- ronnie my dick ?! no way !! still stick to the chair , ronnie take off with tiny awkward step . kid run and scream as he trip and fall into they sand - castle . with a moan , ronnie roll over , free of the chair ! Mitch look after he , knife in he hand . mitch no ... the chair , but that work too . ext . pacific coast highway - morning matt brody ( 20 ) be cruise into town on he motorcycle , a duffle bag strapped to the side of he bike . near the beach , he stop at a light as beautiful girl in swimsuit cross in front of he . his eye try to take it all in . brody ' scuse I , girl ? which way to the Bay ? two incredibly hot young beauty turn and point down the street , and wave goodbye as he flash a perfect smile . the BAY - day glorious hustle and bustle under the warm California sun . tourist walk past street musician , food booth , a huge mexican dude sell hand - carve wooden pelican , a caricature artist , and finally , we end on -- a banner : a picture of Matt brody in a speedo , a olympic gold medal around he neck . under it , brody sit alone at a booth smile . a few lonely balloon blow in the wind . his handler , a sharply dress woman , stand out front . handler come meet Matt brody , world - class Olympic swimmer ! today only ! 10 . tourist walk past he ' autograph $ 15 's without give hima second look . brody look over , see a long line wait for the $ 20 caricature . he sit back , frustrated . tourist hey , I think I remember you . Beijing , right ? ( squint at the banner ) but ... you never win gold , do you ? brody yeah , that be a mix up at the printer . so ... you want a autograph ? you get a picture too . tourist yeah ... brody . brody . there be something else about you ... behind the tourist there be two young punk huddle around a iPad , play a video , laugh they ass off , steal look at brody . brody 's heart sink . tourist ( cont ’d ) wait , you get dq have , right ? what be it ... you be sick ...? brody next in line ! anybody ?! no one else be interested . more kid huddle around the iPad now , watch a video , whisper and laugh about brody . lead punk uh ... yeah , lemme get a photo ! brody force a smile , and the punk go over to brody and hold up the iPad next to he : on the looped video , we see a 18yr - old hungover brody on the start block , about to start a race , only he vomit into the pool . over and over . brody yeah ?? you wish you shit go viral ! watching across the way be a young waitress at the beachcomber snack shack . this be summer young , cute , honest and hard - work , wear cut off short over a black bathing suit . she look a little sorry for brody ... but then look to something just past he booth : 11 . a sign that say lifeguard try - out 11:30 be today ! summer ( look at she watch ) Mr. sang ? can I take my break now ? a older filipino man ( sang ) in a cook 's outfit come over , and put a warm hand on she shoulder . sang sang know where you go . good luck . she smile back at he , start to untie she apron string . back to brody brody be on he cell phone , exasperate . brody well , Mike be suppose to cover my shift ! Mr. Franklin , I can not get back by then , I just drive my bike all the cross country , it would take I three day to -- no , but -- ( listen ) no , please ... I need that job , Mr. Franklin ! Mr. Franklin ?! just then a sweet smile angelic 9 year old boy come up . nine year old will you sign this ? brody ( put away he phone ) sure , what the hell . reveal : it 's a caricature from the booth next door of a exaggerated brody puke into a pool , give the finger to the US flag with ' fuck you america . 's brody be stunne , look back to the kid who now have a shit-eate grin . brody ( cont 'd ) hey , kid . there be no Santa Claus . nine year old no shit , barf-olomew . brody make like he 's gonna smack the kid , and he run off ... just as summer walk by , catch brody 's eye . brody slowly stand , eye lock on she as -- 12 . handler I be so sorry about today , brody . I really think we have get more -- brody s’'ok . I be takin 's a break -- brody hurry to follow summer -- lifeguard sign up table Stephanie , the all - business lifeguard we meet earlier , sit behind a fold - out table , signing in applicant . there 's a long line , summer toward the back . first up , be ronnie . stephanie hey , I remember you ... ronnie , right ? you wanna be a lifeguard ? ronnie 's eye be locked on cj talk to Mitch in the b.g. ronnie uhh ... yeah , totally . after you guy save I ? I just , want to be a part of this . what you guy do . I wanna be near -- ( really clocking cj ) -- the action . around it . ( barely a whisper ) Inside it ... cj turn to he , recognize he , and wave warmly . summer be wait patiently in line when brody cut everyone to stand next to she . everyone complain , but brody ignore they . he sidle up to summer like they be at a bar ... brody Excuse I , gonna have to ask you to step out of line . summer why 's that ? brody ' cuz you be makin 's all the other girl here look bad . summer have that line ever work for you ? I mean , outside of a hooters ? 13 . brody first time I have try it . thanks for the cut . so you know how much this job pay ? think about signing up ... summer you do not become a lifeguard for the money . you do it because you wanna help people , to save life . brody oh , I too , I too , absolutely . but you know , I be thinkin’ of rent a place . somethin 's nice , right on the beach . you live around here ? summer you want something nice on the sand that 's about 5 - 10 k a month ... brody almost choke . back to stephanie and ronnie ronnie have finish the paperwork , hand it to Stephanie . stephanie ok , now take off you shirt . ronnie uh ... my shirt ? what do that have to , uhh ... I mean you be judge I base on my -- Stephanie hold up a grease pen . stephanie everybody get a number . ronnie ohhh . of course . but ronnie just stand there . reaaally do not wanna take off that shirt . ronnie ( cont 'd ) oh you know what ? I do not bring any sunblock , so maybe I should -- Stephanie hold up sunblock , with a smile that 's lose patience . ronnie nod and reluctantly shed he shirt , revealing pale skin . people in line mock cover they eye from the '' glare '' . and then when ronnie turn around -- 14 . well , let 's just say it . he have a small dense patch of dark hair around each nipple , and be hairless everywhere else . there be a few snicker . and then -- dick in line Nice nipple - fros , bro ! the handsome Dick laugh , and fist-bump he buddy . stephanie you there . what 's you name ? dick in line Zayne . stephanie step out of line , Zayne . lifeguards support one another . you be out . the Dick be stunne stupid , mouth agape , then finally move . brody step around he , put a hand to he mouth -- brody ( mock amazement to summer ) daayummm ! ( to Stephanie ) hi , Matt brody . here to join up . stephanie fill out this form and then -- brody actually -- ( read name tag ) -- Stephanie , I think we can skip all the paperwork . I be already a experience lifeguard . Elite swimmer ... stephanie be that so ? brody shed he shirt happily revealing a rip physique . he smile to summer , then back to Stephanie . brody sorry -- I just have a burrito , so I be a little bloat . stephanie regardless of experience , everyone need to fill out section 1 through 20 . no need to read the fine print . ( more ) 15 . stephanie ( cont 'd ) it just indemnify we in the event of you death during tryout . Stephanie roughly spin brody around , then write a big zero on he back and arm with the thick grease marker . brody Zero ? cool , I can work with that . from zero to hero . ( to summer ) so , beautiful , you know my number . seem unfair I do not know yours ... summer roll she eye , push past he . int . the huntley club - upstair office braxton Leeds be behind a desk when frankie come in -- frankie shipment today be 2 kilo short . braxton leed who be the pilot ? frankie Marco . one of they guy . Leeds look off , not happy about this . out the window , he see Mitch lining up all of he wannabe lifeguard . braxton leed keep he here . we can use he . kill two bird with one stone ... ext . the beach - later Mitch , Stephanie and cj address the twenty or so applicant before tryout begin . there 's a obstacle course set up on the sand ( cone , rope , cpr dummy ) and nerve be palpable . mitch what be baywatch ? ronnie raise he hand ... before see it be rhetorical . mitch ( cont 'd ) baywatch be the heart and soul of this beach . it 's the reason the single mother behind I feel comfortable let she two kid run unaccompany into the water . 16 . the applicant watch as that exact scene play out behind Mitch . whoa . mitch ( cont 'd ) if we do not do we job the right way -- people will die . if you work at a bank and you do not pay attention ? maybe somebody get short a few buck . if you do not pay attention here ? say it with I -- all people will die . Stephanie add : stephanie baywatch be not just a job . it 's a call . so if you be not here for the right reason ... ( give brody a look ) ..»- you might as well leave now . cj ? co there be a maximum of three spot available for the summer season . so , big bummer , the rest of you will have to wait till next year . ronnie whisper to brody next to he as he watch cj -- ronnie only three spot ? I can not go back to work at best buy , man . I would rather die on the sand near she than live in a showroom alone . brody two spot maximum . one of ‘em 's already mine . sorry . Mitch come up , stare brody down like a drill sergeant . mitch you say something , sand - jockey ? brody oh , nothing . but , as I be explain to Stephanie over there , I be a experience lifeguard . mitch lifeguard , huh . what body of water do you protect ? 17 . brody body of water ? Nah , man . wet World Water Park , sandusky ohio. head lifeguard , last eight month . Mitch turn to Stephanie , who stifles a laugh . mitch Ohio ?! hey , Stephanie -- they get any ocean in Ohio ?! stephanie nope ! just overconfident dickbag , apparently ! brody wet World get five thousand visitor a day . I know what I be do ... Mitch zero in on brody and the other shrink away . mitch do you , pool boy ? what , you think yell ' no cut 's and warning little Bobby sherman not to run with slippery bare foot qualify you to protect my Bay ?! brody be you be serious right now ? mitch Dead serious , splash Zone . and we ' deep end 's be the marianna trench , and it be not 12 foot , it 's 36 thousand . we know more about the surface of Mars than what 's down there , and you be tellin’ I you know what you be do ?! brody no , I be tell you to give I any swim test you get , and I will beat anybody here . mitch there 's more to baywatch than be fast in the water . it 's about go above and beyond . so why do not you tell I why you be really here ?! brody exchange a look with summer . he 's here because she 's hot and he need money . but ... he remember what she say . 18 . brody uhhh because ... I wanna help people . to save life , man . mitch ' man 's ?! that 's Lieutenant to you . brody for real ? like in the Army ? Mitch step back and fold he arm as Stephanie shout : stephanie no , like in the motherfuckin’ baywatch . now let 's move ! begin montage Stephanie have a clipboard in hand , take note as the applicant go through a number of grueling challenge : -- carry sandbag up a hill -- run through cone on the beach -- free-dive and pick up marker from the ocean floor in every event , there be a couple who fall out . this be tough stuff . brody , however , be kick ass . ronnie fall in the sand , other trample on he back , go around he . he look exhaust , about to quit . that 's when he see cj stretch . a fire suddenly burn deep within he -- ronnie grrraaaigghhh ! ! and he force himself up and move , shove other aside -- in the water brody be in he element . he 's far and away the best swimmer , and he pull away . as he round a buoy , he even switch to the backstroke , just to show he can . he call to summer -- brody hey , you be pretty good too ! after this , where we gonna go to celebrate ? summer ignore he , toss some float sea weed at brody with she next stroke as she make the turn , do she best . 19 . mitch and stephanie watch from the shore stephanie brody can swim , no question . mitch no surprise there . like to drow that attitude , though . back in the water - later applicant drag a plank via a rope over they shoulder . ronnie near the back of the pack , but still swim , give it everything he have . then he notice something -- ronnie baby !! none of the other listen , all focus on finish . ronnie detach he plank and go after it . Mitch and cj on shore take notice . co where 's he go ? when ronnie finally make it to the baby , however , he see it be just a doll . he shout to shore -- ronnie false alarm ! false alarm , everyone !! it 's just a doll ! from the shore , cj and Mitch watch . Mitch look skeptical . co awww . he 's get good energy , Mitch . mitch I have see better swimmer in the minnow class at the y. co but think of the courage it take to come here and try out after what happen to he last week ! mitch true . thing look like a turtle get he head catch in a mousetrap . Mitch nod to himself . she 's win he over . ronnie shout : ronnie this gonna count against my time ?! 20 . on the beach - end of the day there be only eight applicant leave , and they be on they knee , suck wind . brody stand , fresh as a daisy . brody who want to go again ?! Mitch ignore he , look to summer who be completely spend . he smile at she , impressed with she effort . stephanie that complete tryout . the result will be post momentarily . thank you for you interest in be a baywatch lifeguard , and good luck to you all . brody grin , know he 's get this sewn up . mitch in the lifeguard tower he 's get binoculars Pov on the huntley club . a truck with '' alas fish CO . '' on the side pull to the load dock . frankie and a short wiry guy ( leon ) move dark barrel from the truck into the club . moment later , other barrel go from the club into the truck . curious ... at the result board applicant crowd around the sheet . some turn , disappointed . summer push she way in ... and see she name . she beam . summer I make it . I make it ! ronnie almost force himself to look , then -- ronnie oh my God ... I too ! I can not believe it . I be gonna be a lifeguard ! I be not even gonna give best buy notice -- shit , I will lose my video game discount -- screw it ! everyone look to he , can not believe it either . brody smile . brody Way to go , guy ! I be glad they make room for three of we . ronnie actually ... I think it 's just two . 21 . brody 's face fall . he look at the list -- brody what -- be you kid I ?! brody march toward the lifeguard tower . Mitch be alone at the top like a King surveying he realm . brody ( cont 'd ) I be the best one out there and you know it ! I mean ... you be takin 's chunky style over I ?! summer and ronnie come over -- ronnie hey ! I lose like four pound today ! mitch ronnie 's get heart . I can mold he . he want to be part of a team . you be irresponsible , you be afraid to be a part of something larger than yourself . I be not get room for a lone wolf in my pack . brody this be such bullshit ! Mitch ignore he now , eye on the horizon . there 's a hot AIR balloon lazily drift over the ocean ... brody ( cont 'd ) give I another chance , man ! this be not fair ! ( barely a whisper ) I get nowhere else to go ... summer watch , feel a little bad for he . Mitch slowly rise ... reach for he binoculars ... do with brody . mitch go back to the pool . you be not ready for the Bay ... over the ocean - hot AIR balloon there be a young couple inside the basket of the hot air balloon . she 's in a wheelchair , and she look very nervous . woman in balloon oh my gosh , we be so high up now . be you sure this be -- 22 . man in balloon janie ? she turn , and see now that he 's on one knee , hold open a box with a diamond ring inside . man in balloon ( cont ’d ) will you marry I ? woman in balloon oh my god ... uh ... yes ! ( look over , nervous ) but can we go back down ?? man in balloon of course ! you have make I the happiest guy in the world . they kiss , she 's happy . and then he whip out he phone . man in balloon ( cont ’d ) let 's just get a quick engagement selfie ! her face fall as he awkwardly scoot behind she wheelchair . at the beach tower Mitch have he binocular train on the balloon . he can see that the guy be lean way back over the edge of the basket 's edge . Mitch grab he two - way , all business . mitch get a possible thirty - six niner off Tower 16 ... brody what ? what 's go on ? cj grab she red rescue can , be already start to move -- on the hot AIR balloon the man be desperately try to take a selfie with both of they in the frame -- but there 's not enough room for he -- woman in balloon let 's just take they when we be back on the beach , ok -- ?? man in balloon we gotta capture the moment it happen ! can you just -- like , lean back ? 23 . he 's jockey -- oh man , this be not safe -- he 's sit on the edge now -- man in balloon ( cont ’d ) Big smile , this be not just for my you tube channel , this be for you Mom on Facebook too -- ok , ok , right there -- look happy ! woman in balloon haaaappyyyyy -- squawk ! a seagull fly too close -- and smack he in the head . he fall back ! woman in balloon ( cont 'd ) do you get it ? David ...? people on the beach gawk as a man fall a hundred foot and slam into the water ! various beachgoer ohhhhhhh ! / damn !/ no way he 's alive ! cj dive in the water with she rescue can . brody see Mitch and Stephanie run down the shore , leave they behind -- summer what should we -- brody look again to the ocean , and start run -- mitch and stephanie running mitch Coast Guard chopper be in San Diego ! take at least a hour -- we be gonna have to improvise -- on the hot AIR balloon woman in balloon david ! david ?! the wind whistle as the balloon rise . she lean over the edge try to see he . God she 's high up . woman in balloon ( cont ’d ) david you fucking asshole you can't leave I up here !! she look above she at the two cord that control up and down . 24 . she raise she hand but they be just out of reach and obviously she can not stand ! she streeetch -- reeeaching -- fingertip just able to sway they -- mitch and stephanie jump into the yellow rescue truck park on the sand like pro . Stephanie hit the siren as Mitch punch it , send sand spraying and stick right on a guy 's face who just apply suntan lotion , turn he into a sand sculpture . the OPEN water cj be swim , fast -- and out of nowhere , move like a hot knife through butter -- brody overtake she ! outside the huntley beach club a wealthy club member be struggle to put on a parasail vest , rope run from it to a wait boat just off shore . behind he , the rescue truck skid , Mitch jump out before it 's even completely stop , run straight for the parasail rig . Stephanie go to the boat -- mitch here , let I help you with that . the Club member turn , assume Mitch work for the Club . club member finally ! the problem be it 's chaffing the ol’ coin purse . but when he turn , he see Mitch be put it on himself . Stephanie jump into the boat over the driver 's protest -- huntley boat driver hey , I can not let you take this ! mitch that 's a terrible attitude . you can do anything you put you mind to . vvvrrroooommm ! Stephanie gun the boat as frankie the Security Guard see what 's happen . frankie you ! frankie run at Mitch as the boat take off , the line go teach . and as Mitch be pull into the air , frankie jump and grab he leg -- bring they both up -- but frankie quickly fall off , and fall into the water . 25 . OPEN water cj get to the spot where he hit the water just as brody erupt through the surface , the unconscious guy in he arm ! co here ! cj throw he the red rescue can and brody grab it -- on the still - ascending hot AIR balloon the basket buffet from the wind and the wheelchair roll back and forth , careen . she put the break on -- woman this be what I get for put myself out there . ( to the heaven ) fuck you , e-harmony ! mitch be parasailing toward the balloon Stephanie be down below , drive the boat . as they get closer , though , it become clear Mitch lack enough rope to reach the balloon . and the gap keep grow . with zero hesitation , Mitch detach himself from the rope -- shoot himself higher into the sky ! inside the basket the girl have she eye close , do a silent prayer when -- wham ! -- the basket rock . Mitch have grab on ! woman in balloon oh my GOD ! mouth agape , she watch he climb in like out of a dream . he remove he parasail ( casually , as if he be take off he jacket ) and expertly pull the cord control . mitch you do want to go down , right ? she force herself to nod she head , and he smile at she . on the shore brody and cj be do cpr on the unconscious balloon guy . clearly , brody know what he 's do . summer look on , impressed . a crowd be gather and ronnie step up -- 26 . ronnie ( authoritatively ) stay back , everyone ! this be professional lifeguard and I ama life- guard trainee ... just find out few minute ago , in fact ... God I be so happy right now ! captain thorpe aman in he 5as wear a lifeguard 's dress brown ( like a uniform ) step out of a tower , observe the action -- brody c'mon ! cough ! the guy finally spit water and take a deep breath . summer smile to brody . he do it . man in balloon ( with he first breath ) my cell phone ! cj roll she eye . mitch safely landing the balloon on the sand and everyone go nut cheering ! Mitch carry she out of the balloon basket , as Stephanie put she chair on the deck jutting onto the sand . Mitch place she safely back in it . mitch I live my life by the ancient chinese proverb : '' he who save a life be responsible for it '' . you have be give a second chance , janie . I want you to promise I you will make the most of it . do not let I down . woman / janie I promise . I will not settle anymore . I deserve better . the balloon guy run over , wrap in a blanket . man in balloon janie ! oh thank God you be ok . I be so sorry ! ( hug she awkwardly ) do you happen to see if I drop my phone in the balloon ? she punch he in the nut . aftermath Mitch and tower . he 27 . Stephanie be walk back toward the lifeguard see brody shaking hand with captain thorpe . mitch what 's this ? co brody make a good save . he be the first one out there . he 's get the gift , Mitch ... Captain thorpe turn now to Mitch , wave at he -- captain thorpe Lieutenant ! can I have a word ? moment later summer and ronnie watch as Mitch talk to Captain thorpe through the window . summer turn to brody as he approach : summer so. guess it look like you might be join we after all ... brody hey , I do not say anything , the Captain come to I . ( watch Mitch ) God he 's really gonna hate I now . ronnie yeah , you be dead . Mitch finally exit the lifeguard tower , walk down ... summer so give he a reason to like you ... and just like that , Mitch be in brody 's face . mitch ok , Mr. brody , Captain thorpe say you be in . so I want you here with the other by 0:600 ready to train . and I 'il bet sand - dollar to donut you quit before the week be out ... brody ( smile , enjoy this ) happy to be aboard ... Lieutenant . 28 . braxton leed ( 0s ) Mitch ! oh mitch ?! they turn . braxton Leeds get out of a black mercede in the adjacent lot . he walk over with a shark 's smile . mitch Mr. Leeds . what can I do for you ? braxton leed the Club 's speedboat back would be nice . Gas ‘er up maybe , before the next parasail lesson -- he laugh but no one share it . it 's clear all over Mitch 's face : he do not like this guy . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) joke , I be joke . happy to help . I actually stop by to tell you we be have a ' heal the Bay 's benefit at the Club this weekend . course that 's just a rich person 's word for Big Party , be not it ? but I would like you and you team to be my guest . free food , free drink -- mitch you know , lifeguard have a sixth sense about thing ... ( pointedly ) and that include people . I look into you . you have take over two other beach - club up north . it 's strange . by the time you leave , crime in the area be way up ... ( beat ) mostly drug related . braxton leed do not have to tell I . it 's a bloody epidemic . blame the downturn in the economy . so whaddya say ? come help raise money for the Bay ! mitch I be on duty that night . Hell , I be never off duty . Leeds smile knowingly through Mitch 's hard stare . Mitch go back to the Tower . Leeds shrug , ' suit yourself 's and leave -- braxton leed well , the rest of you perhaps ! 29 . as Leeds go back to he car , brody lean to the other -- brody we be definitely go to that . stephanie not sure you be gonna have much time for a party . you gotta memorize every word of you lifeguard manual by Friday . Stephanie hand each of they a thick lifeguard manual . it 's the size of a phonebook . Stephanie give they a look , leave . summer , brody and ronnie share the moment . they make it . brody so ... summer -- you wanna get something to eat ? hit the book ? summer I can see through you brody , and just so you know ? I be laser focus on my dream , so no matter how many time you ask I ? it 's no . summer walk away as brody get defensive -- brody yeah , I get alotta stuff to do , too . send out some tweet , let my fan know whassup -- ronnie hey , I will grab a bite with you -- summer be go . brody give ronnie a look and they part way . sundown the beach be almost empty . ronnie get in he beat up Honda . cj and Stephanie leave together . summer off on she own . everyone have a place to go except : brody . he watch they go . he look over , see the olympic banner from he signing this morning roll up in the dumpster . sea cave - night we be inside a sea cave . the water glow from some unseen source . it 's spooky in here , beautiful . Leeds and frankie be with marco , wait on the sand by the water , expectant . marco ( mexican accent ) I think we be unload ? 30 . braxton leed and I think you boss would know better than to send I a skim piece of shit like you -- Marco turn -- what ? -- and Leeds have a arm around he neck , and violently wrestle he into the water . frankie watch , stoic , as Leeds force Marco 's head under . Marco scream , precious air bubbles escape he lung , but still Leeds do not let up . but that 's not the worst part . Leeds seem to really be enjoy this ... the beachcomber snack shack - night summer be focus on the thick lifeguard manual before she . someone shout behind she , get she attention . we see now the manual be actually on the bar , and she 's working , wait table . she must have switch she hour so she can pursue she dream . she deliver a round of drink over the boisterous shout of drunken tourist ... something out the window get she attention . be that ... brody ? it look like he 's huddle up outside the public restroom . her face fill with concern . ronniex place ronnie be stare at himself in the mirror . his shirt be off . he take a deep breath , then -- bz2 ZZZ ! he bring up a electric razor and shut he eye . he can do this . he bring it to he nipple - fros , and hair fly . outdoor restroom - night brody have make himself a not-so- comfortable spot by the outdoor restroom , use he duffel bag as a pillow . just then , cj come to stand over he -- co what be you do ? brody huh ? I ? you kid ? this view be unbeatable . people pay 5 - 10 k a month do not get a view like this . co no lifeguard of baywatch be gonna sleep outside , even a trainee . send a bad message to the public . you be crash with we . brody us? 31 . cj & stephanie 's place yep , cj and Stephanie be roomy . the place be a clash of contrast style : cj the messy free-spirit with she tiny outfit and towel hang everywhere , and Stephanie the organize clean freak . brody be on the couch , drink beer , watch tv . from the other room , we hear argue . stephanie ( os ) we do not even know he ! and he motorcycle wake up the whole neighborhood ! cad ( os ) you be so uptight , it 's just until he get he first paycheck ! plus , he 's get a good aura ! brody ( call to they ) and I be a Aquarius ! mitch 's place a cozy little spot , right on the beach . not much more than a one - bedroom , but it 's manly and cool . sparse , clean , beach - theme . Mitch be cooking a large gourmet meal . but we soon see it 's dinner for one . as he 's about to put the first bite in he mouth , he look off , as if in deep think . reveal : Mitch be actually look at hobo joe in he open window , lick he lip . Mitch bring he the plate . fade to : ext . the ocean - pre-dawn frankie and Leon be in a small boat , dump fish gut from the same barrel we see at the club . they be chumm the water . and that 's when we see that the very dead marco , now dress like a tourist in a loud bathing suit , mask and snorkel awkwardly on he face , lie in the boat 's belly . they pick he up , and toss he over the side . ext . the BAY - life guard tower - 0:600 it 's 0:600 , and as tell , summer and ronnie stand at attention as Mitch march around they , carry a red rescue can . mitch the '' rescue can '' be a lifeguard 's most versatile and essential tool . ( more ) 32 . mitch ( cont 'd ) it can be use as a flotation device ... a signal to other lifeguard ... and much , much more . summer stifles a yawn , exhaust from try to balance work and she dream . she whisper to cj when Mitch turn away -- summer where 's brody ?? co he be already go when I get up . stephanie no talk ! there be over 45 use for a rescue can . Mitch himself write over twenty of they , some approval still pend . again , all in you manual ... and that 's when brody saunter over the hill with a tray of coffee and a bag of bagel . brody good morning ! sorry I be late . oh , cool , be this when we get the red thingy ? awesome . but first -- ( hand out coffee ) cj , get yours with extra-sugar because you be so sweet . splenda for Stephanie . Mitch , figure you straight black , be I right ? mitch ' sorry ... I be late 's ? cj shut she eye . uh oh . brody uh ... only by a few -- mitch 12 minute . Long enough for little suzie to drow because you be not there to rescue she . Mitch pour out the coffee , right on the ground . he shoot a look to the other . they follow he lead and all pour theirs out too . summer 's mouth quiver , really want that coffee . brody ok , I get it . wo not happen again . just try to do a kind gesture , start off on the right foot . 33 . ronnie can we keep the bagel ? brody 's cell phone ring . he look at the number , and look to Mitch , whose eye be grow wider with disbelief . brody ( answer ) go for brody ! uh-huh . uh-huh . brody cover the phone and shout - whisper to Mitch -- brody ( cont 'd ) hey man , can you do I a solid and float I a advance till my first check ? rental need first and last . Mitch smile , nod enthusiastically . almost overly . mitch lemme talk to he . brody be surprised at the kindness , but give he the phone . without hesitation , Mitch turn and throws it what seem like a mile down the beach . it land perfectly in a garbage can . brody that be my phone ! mitch I ? I do not carry a cell phone because I keep my head on a swivel . anyone need to get a hold of I ? they know where to find I . right here on the beach . and from now on ? you ? you carry this -- Mitch shove a red rescue can into brody 's mid-section . mitch ( cont 'd ) break into team . summer with Stephanie . ronnie , you be with cj . be that a tiny squeal of excitement we hear from ronnie ? mitch ( cont 'd ) and Starbucks ? you be with I . the ocean once again , the ocean be glassy until ... Mitch emerge like a beast . before he can begin he morning jog , though -- brody rise out of the water behind he -- wind , cover in seaweed and he 's get three jelly fish stick to he -- 34 . brody how come ... they only stung ... I ?! mitch they be attract to chlorine ! Mitch just smirk and start run . brody dig deep for a second wind and follow . he 's not about to quit . ronnie do sit - ups in the sand cj hold he foot . he 's really tired , really struggle . co c’mon , ronnie ! I believe in you ! ronnie I can 't ! he lay flat , give up . cj be frustrated , take off she red baywatch jacket . ronnie do a painful sit up to get a better look . cj push he head back down , and he sit up again with a awful scream . over and over they do this . cj smile . stephanie and summer at the snack shack they be sweaty and tired . sang drop off two - water to they . summer thanks , Mr. sang . mr . sang sang proud of you ! keep work hard , you make dream come true ! you make great lifeguard like sang hero Mitch Buchanan ! summer beam as he leave . stephanie you know sang come here as a refugee . Mitch help reunite he with he long lose son . summer that 's amazing . be you sure it 's ok we be take a break like this ? stephanie part of be a lifeguard be get to know you team . especially we girl . and frankly , that other two need a lot more work than you do . you be a natural ! 35 . summer wow , thanks . how do you become a lifeguard ? Stephanie look off , lose in memory . and then , as baywatch flashback music swell , and the focus go a little fuzzy -- stephanie I fall in love . when I be young , there be this wonderful man -- summer wait , you use to date Mitch ? Music stop , back into focus . it be not the 90 anymore . stephanie Excuse I ? summer I just figure that 's where the story be go . I do not mean to cut you -- stephanie no , no . it 's fine . save I the trouble . yes , I do . they sit in awkward silence for a moment , just stare off , drink they water . tourist pass by on the boardwalk . stephanie ( cont 'd ) but we relationship be strictly professional now . just friend . summer oh of course , I get that . again , more silence . a roller- blader skate by . finally -- summer ( cont 'd ) soooooo ... we should probably -- ? stephanie yep . they get up from the table and head back for the beach . mitch and brody in the lifeguard tower Mitch behind brody , hold brody 's head , slowly move it back and forth -- 36 . mitch head on a swivel ... head on a swivel . now . tell I what you see . brody that old woman go in the surf . could fall over at the first wave . mitch go deeper . swivel .... swivel ... brody see something -- run down , grab a surf board that have just wash ashore . Mitch follow he , authoritative . brody surf board , no rider ! possible miss person ! mitch describe the victim . brody uhhh ... like ... surfing ? Mitch take a two -second cursory glance at the board . mitch miss person be a woman . five foot , four inch tall . lefty . ( off he look ) the board be pink , foot set goofy , and 55 centimeter apart , which make she five four . brody nod , impressed . Mitch kneel by the board , scrape a little bit of wax off and rub it between he finger . mitch ( cont 'd ) some of this sand be not from here . it 's volcanic . she 's from Hawaii . 26 year old ... Mitch come at brody as he eye bug out in disbelief -- mitch ( cont 'd ) Long brunette hair . beautiful green eye ... brody how be you do this ? girl voice ( 0s ) my board ! 37 . a amazingly sexy surfer girl who match Mitch 's description exactly come over , and give Mitch a kiss on the cheek . mitch get away from you in the rip , huh , ang ? keep tellin’ ya , wear the leash , girl . angie surfer keep tellin’ you , come back to Hawaii with I . get marry . have lot of kid . Mitch smile warmly . brody just shake he head . she grin , mitch that sound like a little slice of heaven . but I be marry to the Bay . angie surfer but you still gonna watch my niece for I next Thursday ? mitch lookin 's forward to it . take the board , and go off into the surf . brody that be lame . and lemme guess -- you save she life once and now you be responsible for it ? mitch code I live by . brody she be hot ! you should be nail that instead of doin’ favor for she . you save she life ! she owe you ! beej , at least ... mitch and let I guess -- you idea of romance be snapchatt a dick pic . brody sometimes ! good icebreaker ... mitch Love be as deep and mysterious and as powerful as the ocean . ( more ) 38 . mitch ( cont 'd ) and when you find that one in a million -- you jump in with both foot , with love and respect , not beeje and Dick pic . Mitch 's two - way squawk to life , cut he off -- stephanie ( over com ) Mitch -- we get a one - Three - Seven , water by Tower two , confirm . mitch ( into com ) on my way . Mitch start run toward the yellow rescue truck -- brody wait , what 's a 137 ?! mitch manual ! you should know ! brody grab the thick manual , and start flip through . after a moment , he toss it aside and run after Mitch . CUT to : a dead body ( marco ) washed up on shore , eye still open . a small crab walk across its lifeless face . Mitch , Stephanie and brody stare . loud bathing suit . one converse sneaker on , one miss . stephanie what do you think , Mitch ? Dead 24 , maybe 48 hour ? Mitch smell he . mitch maybe . brody be you serious ? you be smell he ?! mitch lifeguard use all he sense . brody try to accept this . can not . brody never see a dead body before . 39 . mitch what , nobody ever die on the slip - n-slide ? keep it together and get this down : victim be male . approximately 35 year of age . as Mitch talk , brody look around -- do not have a pen , no paper . Mitch roll the body to one side . mitch ( cont 'd ) shark bite on the lower right torso . do not think that 's the cause of death , though ... ( look at the hand ) fingernail be blue . suggest -- you gettin’ this ?? brody you throw my phone away , that 's how I normally take note ! something stop Mitch . he lean down and see something stick out of the back of the bathing suit . a sale tag . ellerbee ( 0s ) get away from there ! right now ! do not touch he ! they turn and see ellerbee come over the dune . mitch oh come on , sergeant . do not give I any of that jurisdiction crap . ellerbee Mitch , for the last time : you do not have a jurisdiction . you be not a police officer . you be not detective . you be lifeguard . you job be to make sure white people be do okay at swim . mitch this happen on my beach . ellerbee yes , and apparently , because you be not do you job good enough , some tourist be dead . so now , this be a matter for the police . you see the difference ? ellerbee tap he badge with he baton , then tap the patch on they swimsuit -- badge , patch : 40 . ellerbee ( cont 'd ) badge , on a uniform . patch , on a swimsuit . badge on a uniform , patch on a swimsuit ... behind they , a ambulance pull up . mitch just make sure you keep baywatch hq looped in on the investigation . ellerbee hq ? you mean where you guy eat lunch ? you know , I would love to , Mitch ? but the Police Department have a strict policy : no shoe , no shirt , no service . ellerbee move off with a smug smile . Mitch call to he : mitch it 's suppose to be a ' thin 's Blue line , ellerbee ! thin ! I can help you get there ! ( aside to brody ) congrat , pool boy . look like you be on a big case . first god damn week of summer ... brody we have case ?! mitch there be a tag on he short . it be from the huntley Club ... and as we pull away we see that braxton Leeds be in the far distance , watch the scene through binoculars , frankie and Leon behind he . braxton leed golly , Mitch . maybe you be not the best lifeguard on Earth . leon still think I shoulda leave the body in he tub . straight frame job . braxton leed they would never buy it . trust I , this be the first step to a very hard fall for Mr. Buchanan . ( beat ) ( more ) 41 . braxton leed ( cont 'd ) now . we have get a party to prepare for so we can get that nosy bastard off my beach ... ext . baywatch ' headquarters 's - late afternoon ' headquarters 's be really not much more than Mitch 's office , couple desk , lunch room , locker room , and shower . on the wall be weather report , and photo of the people that Mitch have save . look like the wall of a Hollywood dry-cleaner . ronnie walk in , cover head - to - toe in sand . head for the lifeguard shower psssh ! ronnie moan , body aching as he shower . we be watch he from the waist-up . two random male lifeguard come in , talk . ronnie a little self - conscious , do not make eye-contact , but roll with it . he 's one of they , right ? ronnie riptide strong enough for ya ?! they laugh with he . just then , cj be right behind he -- co hey , ronnie ! ronnie cj ! what be you do in here ?! co co -ed shower . all part of the same team . I be takin 's lunch order , we get some time between shift . ronnie uhhh -- just a salad ! co you sure ? this place have great cheese -steak sub . ronnie no , no , not for I . co ok . by the way , when we shower in here ? we keep we suit on . and now , from behind , we reveal that ronnie be naked and everyone else be still in they swimwear . she give teammate , cover he 42 . cj ( cont 'd ) clean nip be lookin’ really good , by the way ! he a friendly smack on he bare ass like a and leave . ronnie turn , desperately try to private , reach for a towel -- lunch room Stephanie , brody , summer , and ronnie be eat in the lunch room . but while everyone else eat greasy , shitty food , ronnie , hair still wet , be poke at a salad . Mitch be not eat , eye on the water out the window -- brody I do not understand what you be get bent outta shape about . a shark get that guy . or he drown . ronnie be I the only one who get a salad ? brody people die , do not mean something sinister be go on . and you hear ellerbee . even if there be , that 's not we job anyway ! ronnie I think you have to be on , like , a really restrictive diet to look like you guy . cj look at ronnie , confuse , take a sip of soda . brody I mean , we be lifeguard , right ? we help people not get sunburn , and yes , very occasionally make sure people do not drow , but beyond that -- what you be talk about sound like a albeit very entertaining , but far- fetch tv show ! Mitch turn on he , almost fierce -- mitch that 's what you think , huh ? so tell I . what be you gonna do if there 's a giant squid in the cove ?? brody I ’1l1 call animal control . 43. mitch sand-grifter run a con on the beach ?? brody sand-grifter ? sand-grifter ?! mitch how about diamond smuggler move the rock in surfboard ?! brody what ?! I have call the cop . mitch ellerbee ?? ha ! I tell you . baywatch be about go above and beyond . the fingernails on that body be blue . that guy have the bend . you know what that mean ? summer decompression sickness ? mitch very good . somebody 's be study they manual . now why would a guy who drown , or be bit by a shark , have the bend ? stephanie you say the tag be from the huntley Club ? maybe cj and I should go to that party . look around , see if anyone know he ... Mitch nod . ronnie I just gotta ask , no judgement -- ( beat ) be you guy all on steroid ? ( off they head shake ) bulimic ...? suddenly a shaky woman 's voice come over the emergency com . woman 's voice ( over com ) may - day , may - day , I be not sure I be use this radio right , and I need help ... can anyone hear I ...? Stephanie be on it , grab the com -- 44 , stephanie this be baywatch , what be you position ? over . woman' voice ( over com ) I be not quite sure ... my friend go diving over a hour ago . I be here on the boat all alone ... and I think I smell smoke ... stephanie can you read the coordinate on you gps ? over . woman' voice ( over com ) I be sorry , I can not -- I be blind . but I know we start from pier 13 and go West ... over . Mitch be move for the door , brody on he heel -- mitch call the Coast Guard , tell ‘em she 's blind out there , no location tracking . i’1l take the waverunner , you get in the scarab , we will track she on we radar -- go ! ext . fishing boat - same there be a very beautiful and very nervous woman ( victoria ) on the other end of the com -- stephanie ( over com ) hold you position , we be on we way ! over . victoria uhh ... ok . I will not be able to see you come , but I 'il be here , wave my arm ... over . and as she turn with a blank stare , we realize -- ohh ... this woman be actually blind blind . she reach out awkwardly , unsure of she surroundings , feel she way . there 's smoke and spark come from the engine ! at the shore Mitch jump on a baywatch waverunner , brody just behind he . brody where 's mine ?! 45 . mitch only one , let 's move ! Mitch turn the key and fire the engine -- brody there 's only one seat ! mitch now or never , wet -n-wild ! brody swallow he pride and get on . it 's more than a little awkward . he hold onto the side of the craft as vooooommmm ! Mitch gun it and brody barely keep he balance -- back on the fishing boat as Victoria move in the boat , she catch she foot ina fishing pole mount , trip -- and knock over a large red container of gasoline . we follow the spill gas as it gush out the hole mean to drain excess water -- -- and into the water surround the boat . the slick spread , all the way toward the sparking engine -- the waverunner brody be have trouble hang on , about to fall off -- mitch ( cont 'd ) lock you arm around my waist ! brody begrudgingly obey ... and hold onto Mitch tight . they bounce in the wave , brody really get jostle , he face mash and wiping against Mitch 's greasy back -- brody how many bucket of lotion do you go through a day ?! you be like a greasy hairless gorilla ! mitch then you better hold on chim - chim ' cuz that 's smoke on the horizon ! in the distance , there be indeed a new plume of dark smoke . Mitch take a sharp left turn and brody start to fall off ! but he momentum swing he around Mitch 's slick body and brody end up in Mitch 's lap , face the wrong way ! brody abhhh !! they stare at each other awkwardly for half a second before : 46 . mitch you want pop - pop to tell you a story ?! brody oh GOD ! mitch just hold on , baby - boy -- Mitch gun it as fast as it will go and brody be force to bury he face in Mitch 's chest -- the fishing boat there be now a ring of FIRE around the boat . Victoria be wave she arm , and as the sound of the waverunner approach , she change direction toward it . victoria be that you ?! help !! I be over here ! the speed waverunner Mitch gun the waverunner as fast as it can go , head they straight for the fiery conflagration in the near distance -- mitch take the wheel ! Radio Stephanie in rescue 1 with we position ! hard left when I tell you -- brody awkwardly take the wheel as Mitch actually stand up as they be still speed -- right toward the boat -- brody what be you gonna do ?! mitch what I swore a oath to do -- ( voice of a god ) hit it ! brody yank the handlebar left as Mitch dive -- he speed and momentum launching he like a rocket make of Mitch Fucking Buchanan -- rope strapped around he arm , red rescue can fly behind he -- sploosh ! perfect dive into the water just in front of the flame ! underwater - money shot Mitch do a powerful breast-stroke , churn the sea as all above he , we see the surface of the water be cover in glow fire ! oh yeah , this be go in the trailer . 47 . on the fishing boat Victoria be panic , do not know which direction to look as Mitch climb up the side of the boat -- victoria where be you ?! mitch right here ! be there a fire extinguisher on board ?! victoria I do not know ! mitch just stay calm , I be gonna get you out of this -- you see that rescue boat on the horizon ? victoria no -- I can not see ! mitch it 's the smoke , shut you eye , it anll pass -- she instinctively take he hand . even in the action , Mitch do a double - take with this woman . she 's beautiful -- baywatch rescue boat Stephanie be at the wheel of the sleek yellow scarab -- stephanie there they be ! on the fishing boat Mitch look over the side of the boat . the flame be higher now , and closer . just then , rescue one arrive -- mitch no way we can jump , the flame be too high -- victoria I can not swim either ! oh come out here be the worst idea ! she grab he hand tighter , try to get safe -- mitch it 's ok -- I will not let you go -- 48 . on rescue one brody be climb up the side of the scarab , have swum over from the waverunner . Stephanie 's eye be lock on Mitch who be make a series of complex signal with he rescue can . stephanie sweet Jesus , Mitch be callin’ for a salty turnover -- brody what the hell be that ?! summer he want to capsize the boat . ( off brody 's look ) page 29 of the manual . you really need to start study ! cj hand summer and brody each a line of nautical rope attach to the back of the scarab -- stephanie go ! summer and brody dive into the water with the rope -- on the fishing boat mitch ok , we be about to do a tricky maneuver . remember the scene in Titanic when they -- victoria I have never see it ! mitch really ? you have never see Titanic ? very popular movie . victoria I do not go to a lot of movie -- as I say , I can not -- mitch it 's ok -- just when I say so , hold onto this rail real tight -- underwater summer and brody be swim underneath the boat with the rope , look to tie they off to two loop on the other side , just under the water line . 49 . but then -- something catch brody 's eye -- something huge in the distance . a long dark unmistakable silhouette -- a shark . bubbles erupt from brody 's mouth -- he 's freaking out -- and drop the rope ! he swim back toward the scarab as summer finish she job , and affix she end -- on the fishing boat the flame climb higher , onto the boat itself . they be not gonna last much longer , this thing be go to explode . mitch ( cont 'd ) ( yell to rescue 1 ) how we doin 's ?! brody be climb onto the scarab just as summer emerge -- summer we only get one side ! brody I -- I drop the rope ! I be sorry ! Stephanie do not hesitate and dive in -- underwater summer watch Stephanie grab the float rope , and tie it to the other underwater fixture on the other side of the boat . once it 's secure , she give summer a ' thumb up 's and -- summer surface summer it 's secure ! cj gun the boat and the rope go teach . the boat start to slowly tip ! she push the engine harder -- and the fishing boat start to -- mitch deep breath ! -- capsize ! as the boat flip , the flame be extinguish ! on the rescue boat every eye be on the water . Mitch and Victoria be nowhere to be see . the wait seem like a eternity . brody be especially sweat this , know he fuck up big time -- brody c’mon , Mitch ... please ... c’ mon. 50 . and then , like the sea be give birth , Mitch break through the surface , the unconscious Victoria in he arm -- on the boat Mitch carefully lay she flat , and begin administer cpr . there 's something almost sensual when Mitch do it , be gentle on she frame as he breathes life into she -- mitch come back to I ... you can do it ... more breath ... more push on she chest ... all eye on she ... and then , she cough up water and open she eye . Mitch smile , captivate by she . instant electricity . she reach out , and touch he face and chest -- try to get a picture of what he look like . brody ( aside , to summer ) jeez , get a room , lady . he smile , try to be funny . summer shove he -- shut up ! she and cj enjoy watch they moment . victoria you ... save I ... you save my life . her hand come to he cheek . her stare look just past he . and then , Mitch understand . he understand everything ... mitch you're ... blind . victoria yes . I be bear without sight . but right now ... I feel like I can see everything . Mitch stare at Victoria with a look we have not see before . summer turn to cj and they share a -- awwww ! -- look . mitch I be ... Mitch . victoria Victoria . and then , the world melt away , and we go into a dream sequence , all set to Peter Gabriel 's ' in you eye 's . no , no ... wait ! even better : lionel richie 's cheesy and haunt classic ' say you , say I 's -- 51 . begin dream sequence - in flash : and as lionel croon over the synth keyboard : lionel richie ' , .- I have a dream , I have a awesome dream ... 's in a field of wild - flower , Mitch and Victoria run at each other -- she fall , disappear for a second -- then pop up , now run in the completely wrong direction . Mitch happily chase she , catch up to she , and they embrace -- Mitch and Victoria be now slow dance on the beach , Mitch in a white linen suit , no shoe -- and as they spin , he 's now in a tux ( still no shoe ) Victoria in a wedding dress . they be surround by lifeguard clap at they beach wedding . Music build -- drum kick in -- Victoria be now in the shallow ocean , wear red- arm floaty ( ? ) she face in pain ( ?? ) and we see now she 's give birth ( !!) a proud Mitch receive the beautiful baby - boy and hold he over he head like the lion King as all manner of sea-life surface , splash and celebrate -- lionel richie ( cont ’d ) ' , .. and as we go down , life 's lonesome highway ... 's Mitch ( now with a thick moustache ) and Victoria be hold hand in the audience of a school play , proudly watch they child dress as a starfish , dance . as everyone clap , Victoria 's head be just askew , and Mitch gently be - correct it toward the stage by she chin . cymbal crash -- and it get funky -- we be deep in the future now . Mitch have fuzzy grey hair on he head and a goatee , wear weird futuristic clothes . his adult son stand next to he , a dead ringer for the old man . they watch as Victoria undergoe space - age laser eye surgery . as they take off the eye-bandage , Mitch watch wide - eye grin , tear stream -- she can see ! she lean in and hug the young doctor . he correct she -- no , no , this be you husband -- they all laugh . Victoria and Mitch kiss . and now , lionel take we home -- lionel richie ( cont ’d ) ' , .. say you , say I . say it for always ... 's they be so old now . Mitch have a long grey beard , skin age . 52 . but they be still together , happy , surround by child and grandchild . they look into each other 's eye sweetly . and as the song play its final haunt melody -- Victoria stand in a cemetery . the headstone say : Mitch Buchanan -- Father , lover , protector of the Bay . she put a red rescue can down respectfully on the recently dig earth when -- Mitch 's fist break through the soil and grab it ! end dream sequence it all happen in a instant , Mitch still stare into Victoria 's beautiful blind eye -- mitch ( repeat it back ) Victoria ... and as rescue one speed away , a diver finally emerge from the depth , hold a starfish . he look around , see he burnt upside - down boat . he just stare and stare at it . ext . lifeguard tower - late afternoon Stephanie stand on the tower , binocular to she eye . co uhh ... Stephanie ? the people we be watch be that way . stephanie look at they . they have be like that for over two hour ! he 's spend time with she every day this week ! cj take the binocular and look . in the distance , we see Mitch and Victoria sit together on the rock , talk effortlessly with one another . stephanie ( cont 'd ) why be he fall for she so hard ? he could be with anyone ! co all this woman who throw themselves at Mitch . he know they only want he for what 's on the outside . but with she , Mitch know she 's judge he by what 's on the inside . I think it 's romantic . they be so perfect for each other ! 53 . Stephanie take back the binocular from cj to look again . stephanie he just meet she ! Mitch do not know anything about she ! and he 's spend less and less time on the beach ... co maybe he know ... that she need save . and that 's all that matter . do not be jealous , steph . be happy Mitch find someone again . stephanie I be not jealous , cj . I just ... do not want he to get hurt . ( petty ) and that sweater she 's wear . you have have to be blind to wear that ... on mitch and victoria - sunset Mitch and Victoria sit on the rock overlook the ocean as the sun sink into the sea , painting the sky with one of the most incredible sunset we have ever see . mitch God I wish you could see this sunset . victoria describe it to I . how the hell can you do that ?! mitch ok . lessee here . ummm ... there 's a terrific amount of orange ... victoria what do ' orange 's look like ? mitch well ... do you know what a orange look like ? victoria uhhhhh no . but I know how it feel . how it taste ... 54 . mitch it 's like that . but through you eye . with tart purple plum , and sweet pink cotton candy . all mix together ... victoria sound ... wonderful . Mitch turn to she , really look at she . mitch so you probably do not know how beautiful you be either . she playfully push he , and he hug she tighter . victoria oh , Mitch . mitch you know , there 's a old say among lifeguard . if you kiss when the sun set , you stay in love forever ... Victoria turn to he , really look at he ( as much as she can ) . she pull he face close . victoria let 's find out if it 's true ... and she pull he close for a perfect kiss as the sun slip into the sea ... ext . the huntley club - night the banner say ' heal the BAY 's . the party be luau theme . on the beach outside the club , large shirtless man spin flame stick , beautiful hula dancer swing they hip to drum , a huge pig roast on a spit . summer and brody be the first of the lifeguard to arrive . brody wow , you look great , summer . she do look lovely in a yellow sun-dress . summer thanks -- but do not get any idea . this be not a date . not to mention , Mitch say it 's against the rule ... 55 . brody of course . work event . and normally I do not bring a buddy on a date -- and now we see ronnie be trail just behind they . ronnie wow ! I have never be to Hawaii ! all the foreign country I have be to have be in Vegas ... inside the huntley club Inside be a scene , man . at the center of a long table fill with exotic treat from the sea , there be a enormous ice sculpture of what look like poseidon . here come Leeds : braxton leed here they be , Mitch 's new team ! so glad you could come . lemme get you some drink . brody thanks for have we , this be amazing ! braxton leed no Mitch ? be hope he have change he mind ... brody this be not Mitch 's scene . too many people havin 's fun , nobody to save . sea cave in the same sea cave where Leeds kill Marco , Mitch be hold Victoria 's body up as she float on she back . he 's get she comfortable in the water . mitch relax ... breathe normally ... good . I have get you . just remember : panic ... over-exertion ... that be the thing that take we under . but if you just let yourself go ... Mitch gradually remove he hand , let she float on she own . victoria you be still hold I , right ? mitch no , you be do it all yourse -- 56 . but she panic and lunge into he arm . victoria sorry ... I just ... mitch it 's okay . we will take it slow . she lick she lip , feel safe in he arm . it 's intimate . victoria how be the water so warm in here ? mitch the tongva Native Americans -- who originally settle here -- believe the warmth come from the spirit of the Pacific Ocean . victoria something tell I ... you have say that one before . have you bring other woman here ...? mitch I be not go to lie to you , Victoria . she wait for he to finish ... but , do not . she laugh . victoria Mitch Buchanan ... they kiss . she take off she top as they sink deeper into the water . she jolt a bit when she feel he ... er , passion . victoria ( cont ’d ) my goodness ... be that -- mitch Spirit of the ocean . .+- and they resume the kiss . huntley club cj and stephanie arrive and take in the luau theme . Stephanie be dress conservatively , almost business attire , and cj be wear a sexy revealing authentic Hawaiian outfit . co I do not understand why you do not dress up like I . Mitch say we should blend in and snoop around . 57 . stephanie uhhh I can not dress like you do , cj . co why not ? just then , Leeds see cj 's insane outfit and squeeze he wine glass so hard it shatter . cj see ronnie , wave to he . stephanie just trust I . upstair outdoor deck brody and summer stand on the deck , overlook the ocean . brody so you be root for I in Beijing ! summer I be root for America ... brody admit it , you have a T - shirt with my face on it ... summer yeah , but afterwards , my dad use it to wash he car . they laugh . brody chug some of he beer . summer ( cont 'd ) so ... I always wonder . what happen ? the night before the relay ... brody shake he head , do not know if he want to answer . brody I do not know . I just ... have to get out of there . get drunk ... wound up at the zoo ... try to let a Panda out of he pen ... ( try to laugh it off ) I do not wanna talk about it . summer ok . you wanna talk about why you drop the rope the other day ? brody look off -- brody man , you be relentless . ok . I think I -- see something . a shark . a giant shark ... summer wow . well that would scare anybody . brody no , it be more than that . I completely freak out . I feel like I be gonna die . it be the most scared I have ever be in my life . summer more scared than you be the night before the relay race ? brody lock eye with she . summer be wise . brody what kind of lifeguard be afraid of shark ? maybe I be a pool boy ... summer do not say that . you just gotta ... face you fear . do not try to deal with it all on you own . be a part of the team . tell Mitch what happen , maybe he can -- brody be you kid ? he 's the last guy I would tell ... he have just take a giant shit on I again . so sick of that guy . he act like he own I . ( finish he beer ) I swear I be gonna hock a loogie in he suntan lotion ... summer maybe you should lay off the beer . brody you know what ? you be right . summer smile . she 's a good influence on he . brody ( cont 'd ) it 's open bar , I should be drink tequila -- at the seafood buffet 58 . 59 . ronnie be make a large plate of seafood -- cj talk with he as they move down the long buffet table -- co absolutely I can see you aura . you 's be white hot . right around this area -- she wave she hand right around he crotch . ronnie never gonna live that down be I ? co no , but you aura do tell I you need to be less guard . do not be afraid of what people think -- show ‘em what 's inside you ! ronnie well that 's easy for you , you be such a free spirit -- he grab another handful of shrimp just as Leeds appear -- braxton leed Atta boy , mate ! do not hold back , it 's all you can eat ! ronnie no , no -- this be for both of -- braxton leed how be you like the party , cj ? co fantastic . how about you give I the grand tour ? and do you have a gift shop ? my friend Stephanie need a new suit -- braxton leed of course ! right this way -- Leeds wink to ronnie and smoothly move cj away . brody come to ronnie 's side , hold a big glass of tequila . brody Love that guy ! hey , you see any ice around here ? gonna get a little margarita action goin 's -- 60 . his angry eye never leave Leeds whisper in cj 's ear , ronnie reach over to the ice sculpture 's groin -- plink ! -- break off the ice dick , and drop it into brody 's drink . brody ( cont 'd ) cool . CUT to : sea cave Mitch and Victoria sit against the cave wall , post-coital . she 's trace tiny circle on he chest . victoria do you hear that ? like a drum ? mitch you can hear my heart - beat ? amazing . it 's like you have super -- victoria no , down on the beach . like a tribal beat ... mitch there 's a party tonight at the huntley Club . that drum be the ( perfectly pronounce ) hula pahu . victoria oh , wow ... that sound ... exotic ! I have never be anywhere . I have love to travel the world with you ... after you retire , of course . mitch haha -- well , I x11 retire when I die , so I might not be much of a travel companion ... victoria you be so funny , Mitch . we be not sure he be kid . Mitch look over , notice something , wash up against the side of the rock : it 's a black converse shoe . Mitch grab it , look at it closely ... smell it . victoria ( cont ’d ) what be it ? do I say something wrong ? 61 . mitch ( wheel turn ) you know , if you wanna hear that drum up close , I do get a invitation ... she grin , kiss he again . and as they slip out of the water , Mitch take the shoe with he ... on the beach - moment later Mitch and Victoria walk down the beach together under the moonlight toward the huntley Club in the distance ... after a moment , two man in dark clothing dart over the dune toward the sea cave rock , carry empty duffel bag ... inside the sea cave - later a dark dark silhouette enter the cave . this be close shot . we do not see everything . it 's a mystery what 's happen . something dark surface ... hand move brick of drug into the duffel bag ... back to : the huntley club - gift shop Leeds be show Stephanie to the gift shop . cj slip off . braxton leed go ahead , take any suit you like , on the house ! Stephanie smile as Leeds leave . and once she 's alone , she stop peruse suit -- and start rifling through drawer behind the register , hunt through receipt . the huntley club - moment later cj be move upstairs , but Leeds now gently take she arm -- braxton leed ( cont ’d ) sorry , no one allow upstairs , that 's just the employee office -- ronnie look frustrated as cj talk with Leeds . he go to the hawaiian band , whisper in the singer 's ear -- and that 's when the Hawaiian band kick into a amazing Island version of ' you should be Dancing 's by the bee gee . cj turn , curious -- see ronnie move people off the main floor , give himself room to operate . Leeds look amused . what the hell do this guy think he 's -- 62 . and then it happen . ronnie break into a series of dance move right out of Saturday night fever . the rubbery arm , the kick , the spin . he be a fuck dance dynamo . co wow ! go ronnie ! brody and summer exchange a look -- holy shit ! ronnie turn , do the ' invisible lasso 's to cj -- ' pull she 's away from Leeds . she go with it , bounce happily to the dance floor -- move closely with ronnie now , she sexy curve on display , ronnie 's hand smoothly on she waist -- ronnie you want to see what 's inside I ? well this be it -- a fever ! co I love it ! you be amazing ! ronnie thanks ! I be raise by my grandmother ! she force I to take dance lesson with she ! ronnie break into a perfect 70 split . everyone go crazy . co wow ! what other dance can you do ?! ronnie nothing ! only disco ! she be a strange lady . a strange lady who love John travolta 's tight pants . at the entrance Mitch and Victoria arrive . Mitch now in he ' dress brown 's ( a dressier lifeguard uniform ) but still without shoe . braxton leed Mitch ! glad you and ya lady could make it . can I offer you anything ? some sock , perhaps ? mitch I do not let anything come between I and this beach . braxton leed but ... we be inside . mitch Club 's still on the beach . 63. they both laugh , but there 's lot of friction . braxton leed can I interest you in the seafood buffet ? mitch look appetizing . Real quality fish . but you know , it 's funny . I see a truck from Al 's Fish company here the other morning ... ( pointedly ) very low quality . fisherman hire he , mostly . Al 's the best chum guy around . do you know he do a little time ...? braxton Leeds 's face grow cold . braxton leed that right ? well , first -- I do not know this ' Al '. second , I be not sure how much you know about the restaurant game , mate -- but for we very popular fish dip ? we do not use top shelf . Hell of a markup . I make a fortune on the stuff . promise not to tell , ok , sport ? Leeds give Mitch a wink and a little slap on the shoulder . as if ' friendly 's but the message be clear . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) enjoy the party -- ( to Victoria ) ma ’am . Victoria put she hand out think he want to shake it , but he 's already go . Mitch smoothly lower she arm for she . victoria Mitch , what be that all about ? I can sense the tension all over you . Mitch make eye-contact with Stephanie and bring she over . mitch honey , you remember Stephanie . will you lady excuse I for a moment ? after Mitch leave , Stephanie and Victoria stand awkwardly . stephanie so. blind , huh ? 64 . in the kitchen Mitch wander in , as if lose . the walk - in refrigerator be just ajar . Mitch stick he head in , and see row and row of dark plastic barrel -- leon you lose ? Party 's this way , guy . security room braxton Leeds sip scotch in a high - tech secure room , watch everyone on video monitor . most everyone be outside watch the hula fire show . Stephanie be sit ( awkwardly ) with Victoria by the pool . cj huddle closely with ronnie . Leeds watch now as mitch move outside by the pool and pull brody aside . show he something that be hide in the back of he pants . Leeds squint . what the hell be that ? have the camera zoom in . it 's Marco 's black converse . outside , with mitch and brody brody hold the shoe Mitch just give he incredulously -- brody who bring a shoe to a luau ? mitch remember we friend who wash up on the beach ? found he other shoe in the sea cave . it do not wash up there , tide do not go directly in . that 's why the water be so warm . so what be he do in there ...? what if he be kill in there ? brody do you know how many shoe end up on the beach ? even converse ?! mitch not just any converse . look closer . the shoddy stitch - work ? they be both knock -off . you see right there ? it say : ' conver -o . 's the label do indeed say ' converso 's not converse . mitch ( cont 'd ) this guy be not local . plus he busy a 75 dollar swimsuit from here then wear kick like this ? I do not buy it . this be stage ... 65 . on leed watching the scene on video Leeds be in Leon 's face . Leon look terrify . braxton leed do you ... or do you not ... take off he bloody shoe when you throw Marco in the water -- Leon look off , as if think . Leeds pull out a glock 'mm , start taping Leon 's forehead with the barrel . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) think now . think-think-think - leon I be ... really not sure . frankie be in charge of change he clothes -- Leeds shut he eye , lower the gun . Leon exhales . on mitch and brody brody converso ? converso ?? you really be insane , be not you ? ( a little too loud ) why do not you loosen up , this be s'pose to be a party ! mitch ok , no more booze , drunko . go home and sleep it off , we get a early start tomorrow -- brody uhhh -- you be not my dad , curly , he leave when I be four . you be just a lifeguard -- same as I . in fact , Captain thorpe say I be the future of baywatch . that be he exact word ! mitch you finish , pool boy ? brody no ! you still owe I $ 26.50 for four coffee and a half - dozen bagel ! oh , and a new fuck phone . you know my Mom 's be try to call I for five day ?? yeah -- my gamgam die , I do not even know ! ( more ) 66 . brody ( cont 'd ) I have to call she back from a fuck payphone that smell like hobo Joe 's asshole ! I miss she funeral ! ronnie gamgam ...? a crowd be beginning to gather . summer go to brody , try to take he hand , try to diffuse this -- summer c’mon , brody -- brody get offa I ! and all you little stupid life lesson ?! you be like a ... a... stupid yoda who 's be expose to too many gamma ray ! ronnie ( to cj ) oooh , that be a good one . mitch ok , pal . just tryin' to help you -- brody what do you care ? you have not save my life yet , so you be not responsible for it . yeahhh the famous Mitch code ! chinese fuckin 's proverb ! only ... I look that shit up on the internet . that 's not even a real thing ! you know where that come from ?! some stupid tv show from the 70 call kung fu ! people whisper now -- Mitch notice . be he a little rattle by this revelation ? he hold he ground -- mitch my father use to watch that show . Big David carradine fan . you can find wisdom anywhere ... brody that dude be not even chinese ! you know how offensive that be to my generation ?! everyone be stare at Mitch -- he 's start to feel a little expose -- he 's human too , this affect he -- 67 . mitch everything be offensive to you generation ! now you have make you point , stand down -- brody stand down ?! stand down ?! aye - aye Captain swim trunks ! brody do a drunken sloppy salute , march around stiffly . a few people in the crowd laugh -- brody ( cont 'd ) you be just a lifeguard , Mitch ! that 's it ! you be not a navy seal , you be not a detective , you be a LA County lifeguard who -- victoria -- who I love . brody stop short , sweaty , hammer . everyone turn , see Victoria stare ( on target this time ) . proud , defiant . brody a bit embarrassed and ashamed , and that 's when he double over , sick -- and vomit in the pool . ronnie grimace . and then , something new ripple through the crowd . club member that 's he -- from the Olympic ! club member # 2 the vomit comet ! brody shut he eye , relive he worst nightmare . summer go to he again , put a caring hand on he back . summer c’mon , brody . let I walk you home . brody why ?! we can not even date because of Mitch 's stupid rule ! and I do not have a home ! -- and run toward the ocean . but we can see it all over summer 's face . she do not hate he . in fact , she 's start to like he . Mitch start to go after he , but Victoria take he hand . Mitch can only watch he go . brody ( cont 'd ) ( faintly in the distance ) ..- gaaaammm -gaaaammm ...! 68 . ext . the BAY - sunrise the sand sculpture artist be busy work on another masterpiece . close on - brody pass out , empty tequila bottle still grip in he hand . mitch mornin 's sunshine . brody 's eye flutter open to see Mitch . and we see now that the artist be incorporate brody into a incredible sand sculpture in which , from the upper torso down , brody be a mermaid . huge naked breast , long fish tail , the whole deal . it 's amazing . brody do not realize it yet . brody how would you find I ? mitch follow the smell of tequila . brody smack he lip , squinting in the morning light . brody why -- why be you here -- ? mitch because I know what 's inside you . brody ( scoff , dismissive ) how would you know what 's inside I ? mitch ' cuz I look into you . oh yeah . I know everything about you . why do you think you slowest time be always the relay , huh ? you be afraid to be part of something , something larger than yourself . a team . but I can help you . brody I be not afraid of anything ... mitch then show I . and now , for the first time , brody notice the sand artist -- 69 . brody what 's he do ? mitch here , get you something . Mitch reach into a bag and pull out a new cell phone . brody manage a smile . brody ..- thanks , man . Mitch point the phone at brody for a picture : mitch say ' blow hole ! 's brody wha -- ? reveal : there be more to the sand sculpture . there be a dolphin next to mermaid - brody , aim a giant hard - on toward he mouth . click ! mitch that 's goin 's on you instagram . ( beat ) c'mon -- takin 's a little field trip . time for you to join the team ... ext . hospital - day a three story hospital two - block from the ocean . park across the street , Mitch and brody be in the rescue truck . brody what be we doin’ here ? you gonna finally get that head of you 's examine ? mitch Close ... Mitch open up the first aid kit and start wrapping brody 's head in gauze , like he 's get a head wound . brody what the hell be you do ? mitch you do not gotta do a thing . just look pretty for all the nurse . 70 . hospital entrance - moment later Mitch push brody into the hospital in a wheelchair -- mitch ( cont 'd ) s'cuse I ? found this guy at the beach . thinks he 's Justin bieber . brody try to hide he rage , then start mumble -singe Justin bieber song . ( no we do not know what they be either . ) nurse oh you poor thing . do you fall ? as they speak , Mitch slip behind the nurse 's station and pull a doctor 's coat off the hook . hallway - moment later Mitch be pull on the coat , but it 's way too small . brody c’mon , let 's go -- she go to get a doctor . mitch hey , go find I a bigger coat . brody no coat in here be gonna fit you ! they do not grow doctor that big ! this be crazy -- you should be the patient and I will be the doctor ! mitch that 's ridiculous . I have let Dr. dre operate on I before you . elevator door OPEN - ding ! the door open as brody push a enormous sheet cover mitch . he 's so large , he limb be hang off the gurney . doctor Holy shit , where you takin 's frankenstein here , the roof ? hopin 's for a lightning storm ? brody turn , startle to see a Doctor . he hit Mitch pretty hard in the chest as he laugh , but Mitch do not flinch . brody lookin 's for the morgue , actually . 71 . doctor down the hall , third door on the leave . harvest that guy , we will save a whole village , huh ? the Doctor leave as Mitch 's hand come out from under the sheet and give he the finger . the morgue Silver drawer line the wall . as Mitch look at the file card on the drawer , brody go to the window , nervous -- brody this be fuck up , man -- what the hell be we do here ?! Mitch pull out a drawer and we see the dead body they find . mitch Medical examiner would not id he for I over the phone . they be hide something ... Mitch be examine all over the body , lift he leg -- mitch ( cont 'd ) come here and help I ! brody reluctantly come over , do not wanna touch he . mitch ( cont 'd ) c'mon , C ’mon -- check he taint -- brody what ?! why ? mitch May have be stung by a sting ray , they be attract to the region . go ahead , lift he testicles ... brody I be not touch dead ball ! mitch do it ! brody wince , reach in . we do not see what he hand be do but -- Mitch move away , be not really interested in what brody be do , really focus on the guy 's hand -- 72 . mitch ( cont 'd ) that 's payback for ' Captain swim trunks . 's brody you sonofa -- mitch wait , look -- right here -- brody do not care , furiously use the purell by the door -- mitch ( cont 'd ) get a tattoo on he leave hand . you see the little ' m ’? means he 's with the mexican drug cartel . I know it . brody shit -- someone 's come ! in the hall two doctor walk by . as they pass , they see Mitch listen to a dead body 's chest with a stethoscope , pretend to be a doctor . they pause for a second , confuse , then keep move . moment later Mitch be on the computer in the corner , brody read the number off the body 's toe tag , lose he mind -- brody ( cont 'd ) # 2896 -- now C ’mon man , let 's go ! Mitch type in the computer , nod he head . mitch here he be . Marco vargas . bear , Mexico City . they share a look , then both say : mitch & brody ' converso . 's parking lot outside the hospital , Mitch and brody be about to cross the street when they see : frankie look inside they rescue truck , while leon be on the ground , underneath the engine ... mitch hey ! 73. they both turn , and start running toward the boardwalk ! the venice boardwalk Mitch and brody chase the thug across the fame Venice boardwalk , weaving around tourist and vendor . frankie and Leon shove people out of the way , Mitch be more careful . water sport rental shop frankie and Leon steal two Waverunner ... shop owner hey ! you can not -- ... and motor off toward the marina . Mitch and brody follow close behind . the angry shop owner toss Mitch key -- shop owner ( cont ’d ) get ‘em Mitch ! brody this time I be drivin 's ! mitch get you own , johnny dead-balls ! brody look over , see a half - dozen Waverunner . smile . mitch & brody speed across the water gain on the thug . Leon look ahead -- leon lose ’em in the canal ! they motor toward the marina . Mitch & brody follow they in , just as a large boat be exite . the boat blare its horn -- but they manage to whiz around it , barely . the thug turn hard into the -- venice canal ..- and Mitch & brody do likewise . the Venice canal be a number of parallel and intersect channel with luxury bungalow on all side . the waterway have local and tourist alike in they , on small paddle boat , etc . vvvooommm ! the thug endanger everyone in they path . a old man on a paddle board get knock off into the water ! 74 . brody grab my hand ! but the old man just stand up . it 's only waist deep . old man paddleboarder what for ? leon on the waverunner speed up , Mitch chase . Leon have to slow to take a hard leave into the next channel . Mitch do not hit the break though . he actually accelerate , take a shortcut -- and jump on the bank of the canal -- purposely landing on the walk - path ! SPARKS fly until he jump the waverunner back into the water . incredible move . brody come up -- try to replicate it -- jump ! ksssshh ! his waverunner slide , badly -- spark fly -- right toward four hipster with ironic twisty moustach read poetry on a blanket . they stand , horrify . brody come to a dead stop . he get out , try to push it back toward the water . no way , it 's heavy as hell . brody you guy wanna help I ?? hipster no ! there 's a consequence to use such a environmentally irresponsible mode of transport ! brody yes . I see that -- brody jump on he electric scooter and take off over the hipster 's exasperate protest -- frankie on the waverunner look over he shoulder . be he in the clear ? but when he turn around again -- Mitch be barrel straight for he ! frankie shiiit ! mitch jump on he waverunner -- they lose control , jump the canal -- and smash into the glass window of a bungalow ! on a bridge brody be whizzing along on he electric scooter -- 75 . -- cruise one of the many narrow stone bridge that cross the canal . Leon still visible in the distance -- just then , a gondolier be pass under brody 's bridge , push he way with he long stick -- which brody reach down and grab as he pass over he ! leon speed along -- turn a corner brody stand on the bank , rearing back -- wham ! brody break the long stick across Leon 's forehead , send he toppling into the water , out cold . mitch sit up cover in break glass , shaking cobweb . a terrify family who be have breakfast be freeze -- stare at he . the kid point up toward the stair : ' he go thataway -- 's mitch thanks , kid . Mitch run for the stair -- upstair Mitch search , and be grabbed from behind by frankie . Mitch smashes he backward , and they go at it like the terminator and the T - 1000 in a baby boy 's bedroom , smash furniture . Mitch hit frankie in the head with a train toy -- it ding with each hit , then end with a choo - choo ! frankie grab the diaper genie -- crack it across Mitch 's head . it break open , diaper fall over Mitch -- he recoil , horrify , as frankie break for the balcony -- upper balcony frankie be about to jump -- wham ! Upper cut right from Mitch 's fist , send frankie over the rail ! Mitch put he hand on he hip , breathe hard when : frankie be once again eye level to Mitch in mid-air ! what the hell ?? wham ! Mitch punch he again , and he fall back down . Mitch look over the rail ... and see frankie splay out unconscious , leg hang over the side of a large trampoline . 76 . int . police station waiting room - day Mitch & brody be sit together , look pret-ty victorious . this be as close to a team as we have see they . brody I gotta admit -- catch that bad guy like that ? kind of a rush . mitch that 's not why we do this . but hell yeah . there 's yell behind the door . ellerbee come out of the office . he just get he ass tear . come to they , point -- sgt . ellerbee my office -- now ! ellerbee 's cubicle Mitch & brody take in ellerbee 's '' office '' . mitch you know , I think by definition a office be require to have wall . brody and a ceiling . ellerbee be not amused . Mitch redirect : mitch so what have you learn from the perp ? sgt . ellerbee '' the perp '' ? Mitch , the only '' perp '' here be you two . you turn the Venice canal into the goddamn X - Games ! mitch we be in lifeguard pursuit . sgt . ellerbee there 's no such thing as a '' lifeguard pursuit '' ! Police do pursuit ! when you do it , it 's just some guy chase some other guy . mitch ( indignant ) what be you say ? you be just gonna let this guy walk ? 77 . sgt . ellerbee walk ?! you will be lucky if they do not sue you for harassment ! they say you come at they for no reason and that they be flee for they life ! thank god that nice rich family have rich people insurance -- mitch look , we have reason to believe they be involved in the mexican drug cartel run a op here in the Bay . we have a key piece of evidence we be call the ' converso clue 's . I just do not know how they be move the product in from Mexico without I notice ... ellerbee do a complete -- wif ?! -- and turn to brody : ellerbee and you , you believe this horseshit , too ? have you actually see any drug smuggle ?? brody look to Mitch -- would like to cover for he -- but brody well ... no . no , I have not , but -- sgt . ellerbee leave -- the law enforcement -- to the police . that 's the last time I be gonna say it . do you job , Mitch -- and you job only -- or you will be look for another one . outside the station Mitch walk away from the station , eye focus forward , do not wanna talk to brody who trail . brody Mitch ! Mitch , I be sorry -- what be I suppose to do ?! but Mitch just keep walk . brody stop , shake he head . int . mitch 's place - night Victoria and Mitch be eat dinner together . she look happy . Mitch look distract . introspective . 78 . she 's pour the wine , about to spill . Mitch go to she , and help . they kiss . but Mitch look like he mind be somewhere else . ext . the BAY - morning Mitch be at the lifeguard tower , back in he perch , look over the beach . there be two - young girl swim . a woman sun tanning on a beach towel . slow day . brody more like it , right ? brody close he eye in the warm sun and grin . that 's when aman in a woven straw hat lead over a horse by he reign , a woman riding with she head turn away -- mitch Excuse I ! you get a permit for -- the woman turn -- it 's victoria riding ! mitch ( cont 'd ) Victoria ! what be you do ? victoria I always want to ride a horse ! this be a horse , right ? he do not slip I a donkey , do he ? Mitch laugh , come down to she . victoria ( cont ’d ) I think we could take a romantic ride down the beach ... mitch that sound amazing ... but I be on duty . victoria you always say that . just a quick ride ...? this be on my bucket list and I be not sure I will ever have the nerve to get up here again ! suddenly the horse buck , take a few quick step , and she almost fall . Mitch run to the horse , rub she nose -- mitch easy , girl . easy . Victoria , this be not safe -- 79 . victoria then get up here and show I how to do it ! brody go , Mitch , have fun ! I get thing under control here ... Mitch survey the beach . even though it 's totally calm , he look unsure . mitch you be still in training ... brody dude . would you just relax for once ? go ! victoria please , Mitch ...? Mitch think , then mount the horse effortlessly like a old hand . and as they start clip-clopping down the beach ... we push in on a boat slowly drift off shore . at the wheel be Leon , he eye on Mitch and Victoria as they disappear down the beach ... leon you turn to chum , fucko -- for tellin’ Leeds I be the one who forget the shoe . frankie go to multiple bucket of fish gut and start toss the bloody fish chunks into the water -- chumming it . later - down the beach Mitch and Victoria continue they ride . victoria what do want to do with you life , Mitch Buchanan ? mitch what do you mean ? victoria well you can not want to be a lifeguard forever , right ? you say you would never retire , but what about something else ? 80 . mitch I ... can not picture anything else . this be what I be bear to do . brody in the tower but he 's not watch the beach . he 's on he new cellphone -- brody one date , summer . Mitch do not have to know . and who know where it go . Love be as deep and mysterious as the ocean , you know ? intercut - summer working at the snack shack summer on the house phone behind the bar , long cord stretch -- sang wait for she to pick up she order . summer well , that 's kind of sweet in a Mitch sort of way ... but my answer be still no ... back to the ocean the two teens swim . and behind they , in the near distance , the first shark fin appear . on mitch and victoria victoria look , you know what 's best , but even I can see a amazing guy like you , with so many gift ... well . there be other world to conquer . Mitch nod , as if think about this for the first time . underwater Three shark circle and tear at the bloody fish chunks -- work themselves into a frenzy . nearby , we can see the legs kicking of the two teen girl -- on the beach brody turn he back , chat with summer on he cellphone . Betty , a older woman with denture , look to the water with sudden concern . she open she mouth to scream -- '' shhh '' but she denture fall . she pop they back in -- '' shhhark ! '' 81 . brody 's head snap up -- eye suddenly fill with fear -- and he drop the cell phone : ' brody ? brody ?? on mitch and victoria they walk the horse along the beach . Mitch slowly turn he head -- what 's that in the distance ? it 's faint , but -- victoria ( cont ’d ) let 's get lunch ! there 's this -- mitch don't move -- in a instant , Mitch be back on the horse -- and start galloping back toward the guard tower -- mitch 's Pov -- frenetic hand held shot as he bounce -- Guard tower in the distance -- closer , closer -- Mitch finally dismount the horse while it 's still move -- he come on the scene -- the world shaking -- the teen girl laid out on a sponge bob square pant beach towel -- leg bleeding -- she 's yelling in pain -- mitch ( cont 'd ) what happen ...?? brody shark bite -- brody be apply pressure -- the world around Mitch go in and out of focus , everyone look at he -- they eye scream where be you ?? mitch -.-- I be sorry ... I be sorry ... CUT to : int . captain thorpe 's office - day Mitch be sit on the other side of Captain thorpe 's desk , wear a thousand yard stare . he 's devastate . captain thorpe the girl 's gonna be ok . 40 stitches but ... she 's ok . mother do not say anything about a lawsuit . yet ... mitch it 's impossible . my girl patrol that water . 82. captain thorpe Girls ..? mitch the dolphin . what if this be plan ? Captain stare at Mitch , as if see he for the first time . captain thorpe Mitch , I get a call . do you take Mr. brody to break into the Medical examiner 's office on Wednesday ? mitch yes . I be gather evidence to uncover a drug smuggle plot -- captain thorpe Jesus , Mitch ! can you hear yourself ? how you sound ? I be sorry , but I really have no choice . ( beat ) you be do here . I want you off the beach ... the BAY - sunset cj , summer , Stephanie and ronnie sit on the sand . brody be off by himself . Mitch come out , and they all slowly stand . he pass they like a ghost make he way to -- brody -- look wide - eye . what 's go on ? Mitch extend a lifeless hand . his voice be low , flat . his stare glassy ... mitch congratulation , brody . the Bay . she 's all yours -- brody what -- ? Mitch , no -- mitch thorpe 's call . I be out . you be take my place . Stephanie and cj exchange a look , this be madness . brody that 's ... insane . it be not you fault ! mitch I shoulda have be there . ( ironic ) ( more ) 83 . mitch ( cont 'd ) a few minute late to a rescue , right ? brody know he 's the one who really drop the ball . brody if anyone should get the job it should be Stephanie . ronnie or cj ! stephanie would not have take the job even if they offer it to I . this be Mitch 's beach ... cj nod in agreement . mitch not anymore . you be ready . just ... remember what I try to teach you . ( proud ) above and beyond . Mitch turn and leave they stare after he . brody turn to summer , emotion on both they face -- brody this be not what I want . not like this . you have to believe I . summer want to , but can not . she walk away from he . and as the sun set , the sky a brilliant orange glow , Mitch walk toward Victoria who wait for he . a tear escape the stoic Stephanie 's eye ... .»- and ronnie start blubber like a 8yr-old who drop he ice cream cone . fade to : begin epic montage - various and now , we see two different man -- Mitch and brody -- head in opposite direction . brody the new king of the beach ... and Mitch adjust to life off the beach . brody brody 's bag be pack , leave cj and Stephanie 's place . they still look a little upset with he . 84 . and now , brody be shaking hand with a new landlord , get he key to a tiny rental , right near the beach . look around . it 's empty and small . mitch look at himself in the mirror . not himself , but not defeat . ( not yet ) . he look down at he bare foot . he turn and see Victoria with a open shoe BOX : top-sider with tassel . they be awful . he pull they out , force a smile . Mitch leave the house , wear a too-tight red polo shirt , pleate docker . he look ridiculous . Victoria call to he from the doorway -- Mitch realize he 's hold he red rescue can . he look back at Victoria , embarrassed smile , and she hold up a brown bag lunch for he instead . brody in the lifeguard tower try to relax , the new King of the Beach . take a deep satisfied breath ... but it 's bittersweet . Stephanie and cj do they job under he , but do not look happy do it . mitch working in the mall Mitch be smile , do a enthusiastic sale pitch to a teenager who do not look convinced . and now we see he 's point to a cell phone stick to the wall . and as we artfully pull back kubrick -style , we see there be hundred of phone on the wall . they dwarf he . oh , the irony . another day , brody at the beach he notice the ball up sponge bob beach towel in the shack , still blood stain . brody pick it up . something strange . he sniff it ... just like Mitch would . wonder . no -- he shake he head , push the notion away . mitch back in the mall he 's sell again , lose some fire . this be not he thing . he 's in the break room now . gingerly take off he top - sider as a co-worker drone on . reveal : Mitch 's feet be comically red and inflame , throbbing , cover in blister . the co-worker take a look , and nearly spit out coffee . mitch at the sock hut the co-worker be show Mitch a number of nice sock . offer one for Mitch to feel the softness . Mitch feel it , but become distract -- look back into the main area of the mall , at the splash fountain , a picture of the BAY behind it , entice tourist to visit . his beloved bay. 85 . mitch 's place - night Victoria and Mitch be have dinner together . she look happy , animated , talk . Mitch play with he food . Mitch have make a large wave make out of he mashed potato . it 's curling over a little drown person ( pea for a head , carrot stick for wave arm ) . Victoria try to get he attention . he 's lose . she frown , go back to she food in silence . brody at the beach he 's kick back in the lifeguard tower . but then -- almost against he own will -- he head start move slowly back and forth , back and forth . like on a swivel ... he zero in on a guy with a mullet carry a cooler walk to two woman lie on beach towel . harmless , right ? but then he trip -- cooler go right on top of the lady 's purse -- and when he pick the cooler up , the purse be go . dolly in / zoom out on brody 's face , the classic jaw shot -- brody ( cont 'd ) sand-grifter ... brody tackle the guy -- open he cooler . it 's load with purse and wallet . cj and Stephanie look to he , impressed . mitch in the mall Mitch look even more beat down , a father with he young son ask he lot of question about a phone . the kid could not care less , smack gum . Mitch look up -- the buzz of the fluorescent light above grow louder , David Lynch style . mitch uh ... depend on which -- data plan , you uh ... decide to -- ( long beat ) have you notice there 's no window in this place ...? Mitch rub he eye , sweat -- can not concentrate -- customer well do he get roll - over minute ? Mitch 's heart - beat seem to grow louder in he ear . he 's start to freak out , a full on panic attack -- customer ( cont ’d ) Big fella ? Roll -over minute ? 86. mitch do not get you son a phone -- he need to -- be aware of the world around he -- keep he head on a swivel -- a swivel -- the customer look deeply offended ( and confuse ) , put a protective arm around he son . moment later , Mitch talk with he boss . he 's be fire . outside the mall Mitch come outside , deject . he close he eye , and stand in the sun for a moment . get a little lift . but not much . mitch 's place - night Mitch drag in , hold he top-sider . he call out to Victoria , but she 's not there . he start move through the place -- get worried -- go to the bathroom . there 's a dear JOHN note on the mirror . we get a quick glimpse of it and see the write be crooked . we hear : victoria 's voice '' , .. I be sorry but you be no longer the man I fall in love with ... 's Mitch crumple it , and then give a hard stare to himself in the mirror . then we see something we think be impossible . his lower lip tremble , he eye mist over ... another day , brody in he tower binoculars at he eye , just like Mitch , all business . binoculars Pov -- he 's look at the rock where the sea cave be locate . where Mitch find the shoe . frankie and Leon walk the area . hmmmm . binoculars Pov move to the right -- to the huntley club -- and find braxton leed with binocular to he face , star right back at brody . Leeds wave ... ' friendly . 's brody wave back , a little awkward . end of montage CUT to : int . captain thorpe 's office - day Captain thorpe be behind he desk . brody come in . 87. brody Captain ? I have be notice some suspicious thing on the beach , near the huntley Club ... make I -- captain thorpe suspicious thing ? you know who you sound like ? brody nod , know what he mean . stop talk . captain thorpe ( cont 'd ) look , brody . you have get the great job in the world . beautiful girl , great wave . go relax . go be a lifeguard . that 's why I hire you ... because you get that . he do not . do you understand ? brody nod , ' yes sir 's but something be eat at he . int . mitch 's place - night Mitch be in bed alone , try to sleep , clutching he red rescue can like a security blanket , voice echoing : voice in he head .-- roll - over minute , roll - over minute , roll - over minute ... ext . STREET - day brody be on he motorcycle . summer ride with he , she arm around he as they wait at a red light . summer look this be not a date . the only reason I agree to meet you outside of work be you say you want to talk about Mitch . brody so you have not talk to he either ? he will not take visitor , do not return call . Stephanie and cj even try to invite he out for the 4th of July , but -- and that 's when leed drive by , and who be that in the passenger seat ? head scarf . Big sunglass . look familiar . 88 . brody ( cont 'd ) be that ..? summer brody gun it , and follow they . outside victoria 's place from around the corner , brody stealthily watch as Leeds and Victoria go in a small beach bungalow together . her hair color be different , and she 's cover up ... but it 's she . summer ( cont 'd ) brody what be we do ...? brody what be Leeds do with Victoria ?? side of the house brody and summer sneak along the side of the house . they stop at a window , peer through -- summer why would they -- brody shush she . they watch as Victoria smoothly pour herself a glass of wine , move through the kitchen -- brody move pretty good in there for a blind lady -- summer of course , it 's she place -- Victoria go to the microwave , type in the time for popcorn . brody look to summer -- summer ( cont 'd ) so what -- I can text on my phone without look ! Victoria take the popcorn and the wine over to the couch , flip on the tv and start scrolling through she dvr list . brody and summer turn to each other , mouth agape -- summer ( cont 'd ) maybe -- she -- Victoria put on glass , pick up a iPad . this woman can see ! 89 . and that 's when Leeds come in , throw a piece of popcorn at Victoria and she deftly catch it in she mouth ! summer ( cont 'd ) ok , so she can see . in the window , we watch now as Victoria and Leeds kiss ! and as we hear a off-screen ' holy shit 's they turn -- but brody and summer be already go . ext . mitch 's place - night brody roll up outside Mitch 's place on he bike , alone , have already drop summer off . he knock . brody Mitch ! C ’mon , Mitch -- open up ! no answer . brody try the door . it 's unlock . only ... something 's block it . he push harder -- pssshh ! there be a mound of sand block the door . brody push he way in . the place be dark , a wreck . shade pull tight . and the entire floor be cover in sand . brody ( cont 'd ) the hell -- ( call out ) Mitch ! it 's brody -- brody see a glow come from around the corner . squawk !! brody jump -- there 's a seagull behind he ! ( if we see it , we assume it be bad beach art . ) and then he see he . Mitch be in front of the tv , eye vacant . only the glow from the tv illuminate he whacked out face . brody ( cont 'd ) have you be ... take sand ... from the beach ...? mitch do I ...? I do not remember . Mitch look like hell . dirty robe . unshaven . beer can everywhere . barefoot . and oh God , what he 's eat -- brody be you ... dip fry chicken into ice-cream ? yes , yes he be . 90 . mitch I invent it . Mitch take a big ice-cream cover bite . mitch ( cont 'd ) you wanna watch Netflix ? I be binge - watch the Wire . I be on season 5 but I will start over if you want ... brody come to Mitch , try to get he focus -- brody you gotta listen to I , man . you be right . about everything . Mitch 's eye never leave the tv as he say : brody time . Mitch Mitch mitch no , brody ... you be right . everything you say . I be just a lifeguard with a lot of crazy conspiracy theory , and now I be not even that anymore . I let people down . I do not deserve to be a lifeguard . I be just a man now , as frail and as human as -- ( be : the tv ) oh SNAP -- pooh bear get capped ! snap off the tv . Mitch look at he for the first brody Mitch , listen ! there be drug smuggler -- on the Bay . you be right ! all the crazy shit you say happen on baywatch be happen . sit up a bit , listen more intently now . brody ( cont 'd ) they chumme the water , Mitch . that 's what bring the shark . I smell fish gut on the victim 's towel . and I can not prove it yet -- but I think Leeds be involved -- sit up a little more , more intensity in he voice -- mitch I -- be right -- ? gl . brody we just gotta prove it , man . you and I . we can bring this bastard down . mitch but ... you be just a lifeguard . brody no . I be teach by the best . above and beyond , remember ...? mitch ( vaguely remember ) ... above and beyond ... Mitch start to nod , brody know he 's get to he . brody Stephanie , cj , ronnie , summer ... they need you . I need you . but most of all -- the Bay need you . Mitch slowly stand up , robe open -- mitch the Bay . my beloved Bay . brody ( try not to look ) dude . you nut be hang out . Mitch slowly tie he robe -- deliberate , passion building . mitch I see it all now . we need to infiltrate Leeds 's club and finally shed some light on this maze of shadow ... Mitch burp , long and loud . brody wave he hand . on closer inspection , Mitch be pretty damn drunk . brody wait . I gotta tell you something first . it 's about Victoria . ( this be hard ) maybe I should put on a pot of coffee -- Mitch reach out , and grab brody by he shirt -- mitch what. about. Victoria . 92 . brody breathes deep , steeling himself for Mitch 's reaction : brody she 's not really -- we be now inside the california EARTHQUAKE monitoring station , 75 mile away . nerd scientist in tie be play Magic : the gather . suddenly a needle jump on the monitor as if from a sudden jolt . they look to it , tension high -- then the needle drop again . they go back to they game . ext . the huntley club - day another day at the impose huntley Club . mitch ( vo ) we gotta go through leed 's file . his private office be at the Club . we just gotta get past security . brody ( vo ) they be gonna be look for we . mitch ( vo ) that 's right . we ... leed upstair office braxton Leeds and Victoria be in he private office . braxton leed you know , when you first come to I with that cockamamie blind idea to get that overgrown Boy scout off the beach permanently ... I think you be cracker . but you be right . you really do a number on that poor bastard ... victoria it be simple . I do my homework , and exploit he great weakness . he life to save that who need he most . have we do something conventional , it would have never work . braxton leed brilliant . happy almost 4th of July . this really be the land of opportunity . they kiss . it 's sort of gross . a little too much tongue . 93. outside the club after Leeds 's car pull away from the club -- we reveal mitch and brody in slo - motion : mitch : we start on pink cowboy boot . we move up to see puffy black - and - white Zubaz pants . Day - glo fanny pack . pink muscle shirt . blonde goatee , blonde mullet under a bedazzle black cowboy hat . he look fuck amazing . brody : we start on high-heel . smooth stock leg . short green dress cover a sexy curvy figure . Long brunette wig frame designer sunglass . tasteful ( heavy ) makeup . brody ( almost ) make a damn fine woman . they walk to each other , serious , ready to do this thing , and then we resume regular motion as Mitch double over laugh . brody what ? you tell I I have to wear this ! mitch I do not think you would do it ! hahahaha ! brody you sonofabitch , this be serious -- mitch I be serious too , that be payback for takin 's my job -- hahahaha ! ( recover ) ok , ok , ok -- game face . this be real , we be doin’ this . brody nod , straighten the dress . Mitch compose himself , sniff , all do laugh . they start walk together again , and after three step , Mitch completely break down again -- mitch ( cont 'd ) ahhhhh hahahaha ! where do you get that dress , gamgam 's closet ?! brody you asshole ! too soon , man . mitch sorry , I be sorry . ok , get in character . I be pappa bear , you be brandi . Roll with it , girl -- he take she hand and they waltz toward the club together -- 94 . inside the club brody feel self - conscious . the eye of man all over he . but ... they smile , like what they see . brody smile back . brody ( whisper , proud ) you laugh , but I be pullin’ this off . they think I be a woman . mitch newsflash , tootsie . they do not think you be a woman -- and that 's when they be approach by security -- security guard Excuse I , be you member of the -- mitch / pappa bear uh , uh . you think we do not see that micro-aggression right there ? security guard Excuse I -- ? mitch / pappa bear no I will not excuse you outdated notion of gender identity . yes , my companion be assign male at birth , but identify female -- ( hard as hell ) you get a problem with that ? security guard no , I -- do not -- know if you and he -- I mean , she -- you both -- want to -- I -- as he stammer , Mitch / pappa bear get closer and closer to he , eye get wider -- say uh ?! uh ?! -- on every syllable , ready to pounce on any even half - slight -- mitch / pappa bear now we will be go into this Club without be marginalize by you archaic and offensive stereotype , and if one of you member complain when she choose to use the lady room ?? ( dramatic pause ) you will be hearing from the afl - cio and this Club will be you wedding present to we , you get I ?! 95 . security guard absolutely , of course ! the run of the Club be yours . bathroom , kitchen -- anything ! as they walk away proudly brody ...- that be amazing ! I actually feel really empower right now ! in the kitchen Mitch slip back into the walk - in refrigerator . open one of the dark barrel . it 's full of fish gut . Mitch stick he arm all the way in -- squish ! ewwww ! -- and come up with a neatly tape package of drug . brody ( cont 'd ) Holy shit -- do we go to the cop ?! Mitch put it back , reseal the barrel . mitch always throw the little one back . we be fishin’ for the big one . upstair office - moment later still in they disguise , they be rifling through Leeds 's office . brody on the computer , Mitch in the file cabinet . brody Jesus , you be right . this whole Club be a front for a drug operation . he 's not even hide it that well . hey -- the word ' bundaberg 's mean anything to you ? he 's meeting cordoba there on the 4th . cordoba be big-time in the mexican drug cartel . mitch do you just take a smart pill ? how the hell do you know that ? brody what ? 60 Minutes do a whole profile on cordoba . look , the meeting be right here on he calender . dumbass set he password to leedsl . Mitch nod , really impressed with brody . he 's step up . 96 . mitch bundaberg be a city in Australia . Mitch walk to leed 's bookcase . it 's full of humanitarian award , trinket from Australia , photo ... brody we will never make it in time , that 's tomorrow . which be today in Australia ... I think . or something . mitch we will not have to . it 's happen on he boat . brody how do you know that ?? Mitch point to a photo of a proud braxton leed hold up a sailfish on the back of a huge yacht . the name on the back of the boat say ' bundaberg . 's brody nod -- outstanding . brody ( cont 'd ) we gotta get on that motherfuckin’ boat . brody and Mitch look to each other , dead serious , nodd . Mitch then burst out laughing -- mitch I be sorry , man -- that wig ! moment later - on there way out brody pass a familiar face work in one of the glass wall office . do a double take . Mitch see -- brody wait a minute . I know she . she be my handler . the one who call my old agent and arrange for I to come out here . she work for Leeds ? Mitch nod . and then all of this come together . mitch that 's why they want you to replace I . because they think you be irresponsible , and they criminal enterprise could flourish under you nose . they have be plan this for week ... reverse angle - inside the office 97 . the handler look over as some guy in a dress go apeshit outside she office , banging on the soundproof glass , give she the finger . he lift he dress , press he bare ass against the glass . a larger man in a cowboy hat then pull he away . she 's like wif ?! and reach for she phone ... in the elevator brody sonofabitch ! they do not actually want I , they just want I to fail ! they look to each other , bond over this revelation . they be both fuck over , but not by each other . mitch they get we both , pal . they get we both . c’mon -- and as they near the exit Security be on they headsets , close in on they -- they be about to get catch ! brody see , act quickly : brody discrimination ! hate crime ! free Bruce jenner ! Security turn , scared , as a ton of people on the boardwalk -- hipster , street performer , all the outcast of Southern Cal move in -- ' hey you can not do that / leave ‘em alone you bully ! 's -- a protest scrum form -- cell - phone come out to record the abuse -- and Mitch and brody slip away . ext . beach - night there 's a bonfire on the beach . Mitch have gather everyone here : cj , Stephanie , ronnie , summer and brody . mitch I ask you here because the fate of the Bay be in we hand . braxton Leeds be try to take over , to destroy baywatch . he think this be he beach . and if we as a team do not stop he ... he 's gonna turn we beloved Bay into a cesspool of drug , crime and crappy T-shirt shop . just like Venice Beach . they all give a little shudder at the mention of Venice . 98 . mitch ( cont 'd ) now I have a plan , so take a knee and listen close ... ext . dock - late afternoon a 200 foot yacht with the word ' bundaberg 's on the back , deck out with balloon and decoration for the 4th of July , be dock . a long line of party - goer go up the gangplank . cj , Stephanie , summer and ronnie be in line . cj be wear a incredible outfit , a absolute knockout . but the real surprise be Stephanie -- she 's all dolled up , like cj , in a incredibly sexy and revealing dress . they look amazingly hot . co see , Stephanie -- I would tell you you would look amazing in one of my dress ! stephanie when would you even wear something like this ?! co Sunday brunch . at security check -in the beefy security guard have a iPad with the guest list ( and we might notice picture of mitch and brody to watch for ) . cj and Stephanie be up next . beefy security guard name ? cj and Stephanie smile , just expect to be let in . but he 's not budging . then , Stephanie blurt out : stephanie we be prostitute . she put a hand on she hip awkwardly , try to be sexy , a weird unnatural smile on she face . beefy security guard uhhhhhh ok , sure . go on . he let they in , summer too . and as ronnie try to slip with they -- the beefy Security guard block he . ronnie I be with they . 99 . beefy security guard nuh uh . not you . I s’pose you gonna tell I you they pimp ? ronnie pimp ? pimp ?? you just catch a time machine from 1975 ? Nah , man . you ever hear of uber ? well I invent a app that deliver the same thing : a fast ride for a fair price . the sex - game 's all online , son . app be call humper™ , and my algorithm be they pimp , playa . ronnie put out he fist -- and after a moment , the beefy Security guy bump it -- and ronnie give it a ' boom !' beefy security guard aight , aight -- and as he let ronnie come aboard , impressed as hell -- ronnie tweet at I , hashtag buttwizard , I nil hook you up : 50 % off yer first blowie ... not on weekend ! ext . ocean - rescue 1 - sunset rescue 1 be anchore , Mitch and brody be in full scuba gear . brody look nervous . in the distance , we can see leed 's yacht leave the dock a hundred yard away -- mitch Leeds have chumme this water before , so keep a sharp eye for shark . and if you see one , just remember page 73 of you manual . Mitch put the breather in he mouth , about to tip back -- brody Mitch , wait ! I gotta tell you something . mitch I know , I be just mess with you . I know you never study . just punch the shark in the nose . they 'il flee . he 's about to tip , but brody grab he arm -- 100 . brody I have gotta tell you something else . ( this be hard ) there 's a reason I drop the rope when we rescue Vic -- Mitch cut he off with a look that could freeze fire -- brody ( cont 'd ) -- that woman whose name we do not say anymore . I think I see a huge shark , and I panicked . same thing happen with the girl who get bit . I froze . I blow it , big time . I know I say I be as good as you ... but I be not . how can I be on baywatch when I be afraid of shark ? Mitch can see the genuine pain in he eye . he look off -- mitch you know , when I be a little boy , grow up , not too far from -- brody ( cut he off ) you be afraid of shark just like I ?? Mitch take a deep breath , and sigh . mitch you know that 's really rude . you generation be very impatient . brody I be sorry , you be right , if that 's not where you be go -- please . continue . Mitch look off , shaking he head , he thunder steal . mitch yes , ok ? yes . I be afraid of shark , and my dad blah blah blah , and that mean you be irresponsible because you be scared , now get in the fuck water -- mitch shove brody back and he topple into the ocean -- underwater Mitch and brody be scuba-dive . 101 . the underside of leed 's massive yacht in the distance . and then ... fifty yard away ... a dark silhouette appear . knife through the water toward they like the specter of death . brody grab Mitch arm , shaking he -- brody ( totally muffle ) shhabbkkk ! mitch whabbb ? it 's come closer , brody start to panic again , bubbles erupting from he mouthpiece . Mitch see it now -- mitch ( cont 'd ) puunnssh ibb -- puunssh ibb !! 20 foot away now -- this thing be huge -- but brody steady , face he fear . he nod , ready . and that 's when -- vmmmmm . it pass over they -- and on closer inspection : the ' shark 's be actually a mini-sub design to look like a shark ! brody subbbmammime ! it 's actually a 25ft narco - sub . yes , this thing be real , and drug trafficker do use they . mitch noo shhibbbb ! ext . ocean - night the yacht be now anchore way outside of the harbor . Leeds be stand on the back deck watch as a single - propeller pontoon plane fly in low ... and land on the water . and as it skim closer , a long rope be throw to tie it to the yacht . Leeds plaster on a smile , wave -- on the deck - moment later Leeds be shaking hand with a scary look mexican drug lord ( cordoba ) . thug surround he . cordoba you get ball ask to meet with I in front of all this people . braxton leed I be a legitimate business man . I keep up appearance . ( more ) 102 . braxton leed ( cont 'd ) and , perhaps , all this witness will dissuade you from do anything foolish . cordoba smile , know . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) I think we can agree that the first month of test run be a success . except for poor Marco , sorry again about that . but I wanna expand . more shark sub . let 's double it , triple it ! we chum the water , bring more real shark as cover -- no one will even go near the water again ! i‘1l own this bloody beach and we will be the biggest operation on the West Coast ! after a moment , cordoba nod . look around at this great party . smile . cordoba you be ambitious , Leeds . I like that . yes , ok . let 's party , amigo -- lower deck Stephanie be on one of the lower deck , powder she nose in she small cosmetic mirror . but now we see she 's actually use the mirror to look behind she , observe two guard stand by a doorway -- MAIN deck cj be clocking some of the cordoba 's man as they move down the food line , other down drink . she see gun strapped underneath coat . she and ronnie exchange a look -- ronnie nod and go to the dj . and as music now play , ronnie watch as cj act a little drunk , invite a armed man to dance . they move together on deck , cj 's hand all over he . the thug grin dumbly as ronnie move close to they , dance by himself , do some of he ' cool 's disco move -- -- and now we see cj have get the thug 's gun -- put it behind she back -- and ronnie smoothly take it as he groove by ! side of the yacht Mitch and brody be frog-mann up the side of the yacht . 103 . on deck dripping wet from they scuba gear , Mitch and brody slip into the shadow -- unzip they suit -- revealing they be wear tuxedos underneath , only -- brody hey , be you tux soaking wet ?? mitch ( never admit defeat ) Little damp . and as they slosh off , leave puddle , brody whisper - shout : brody goddammit I have to leave a 90 dollar deposit on this ! starboard side on the quiet side of the boat , Mitch and brody meet up with cj , Stephanie , ronnie . summer go to brody . brody ( cont 'd ) look , I wear a tux and everything . this have gotta be a date ... summer uhhh , no . and why be you all wet ?? stephanie Mitch -- below deck , there 's a secure door , two guard . mitch that 's probably where they be keep the drug and money . cj , how have you do ? cj produce a bag full of gun . brody grin -- brody finally . I will take the Glock and the Smith and wesson -- Mitch take the bag before he can grab it and dump they into one of the ship 's vent . mitch no gun . we be lifeguard . we do not take life , we save they . ( to summer ) you bring the bag from my place ? 104 . summer hand he a large duffle bag . we do not know what 's inside , but we be about to find out ... opposite deck braxton Leeds walk with captain thorpe , and see ellerbee . leed sergeant ellerbee ! I be so glad you be here , but I must confess , I do not remember invite you ... ellerbee I be surprised myself . this afternoon , somebody slip a invitation under the seat of my atv . but if it be not you -- mitch ( os ) then it have to be I . and that 's when Mitch step from the shadow , still look smooth in a wet tuxedo . captain thorpe dammit , Buchanan ! what the hell be you do here ? mitch I be here ... because braxton Leeds be a drug trafficking scumbag . ellerbee laugh , and thorpe share it . Leeds stare , hard . ellerbee that sun have really baked you brain to a crisp . Mr. Leeds be a respected member of the community and throw one helluva party ! Mitch 's stare never leave Leeds -- mitch no ... he move black - tar heroin from the coast of Mexico straight to the Bay with a 25 foot narco - sub disguise as a shark . that body on the beach ? one of they pilot . make so many run , he get the bend . then someone drown he . they unload the sub in the Sea cave right by the Club where they think no one can see . but baywatch see . ( more ) 105 . mitch ( cont 'd ) drug go into the club , and Al the chum guy distribute it in barrel from there ... braxton leed I wonder if you know just how crazy that sound . and you have not a shred of proof -- you be not even a lifeguard anymore , this be all -- mitch then why do not we have ellerbee call he friend in blue , have they check the barrel in you freezer . could check you computer too . his password be ' leedsl 's by the way . you will have to dig through some pretty weird japanese octopus porn , but it 's all there . or maybe , just maybe ... we should go look in the secure room below deck right now ... and as ellerbee turn to Leeds , start to question -- braxton leed GOD dammit now you have really go and piss I off , mate ! Leeds pull a automatic gun and train it on they both -- captain thorpe c'mon Leeds , there 's no need for -- braxton leed shut the fuck up you bloody high - sock simp ! ( to Mitch ) this be you plan ?? expose I to a cop who wear short , then get I mad enough to shoot you ? because that 's what happen now -- mitch not exactly how I see it go , no . Leeds cock he gun , this be it . ellerbee be freeze , do not know what to do -- as Mitch take off he wet tux jacket -- mitch ( cont 'd ) you mind ? like to die with my uniform on . Leeds nod , amused as Mitch undress until finally wear nothing but he baywatch red swim trunk underneath -- 106 . braxton leed lifeguard to the end , be that it ? Mitch reach into the bag summer bring he . braxton leed ( cont ’d ) ah - ah - ah -- careful there -- mitch just this -- Mitch pull out he red rescue can . Leeds almost laugh . braxton leed sure . go ahead , mate . hold onto you red thingie if it help you -- Mitch rocket the red rescue can right at leed 's gun -- wham ! knock it from he grasp , and then -- yank ! Mitch pull the can back by the rope like Captain America with he shield ! mitch it 's call ... a rescue can . but nuthin 's gonna rescue you -- 4th of JULY firework explode behind he -- money shot -- braxton leed take he out ! in a flash , the armed men from the cartel close in -- only when they reach for they gun -- they be not there ! wham ! wham ! and as the firework go in the background , Mitch take they out with the rescue can one by one -- looping around leg and pull they out form under -- crack skull -- Mitch be a one man wreck crew . this be epic ! and when they get too close -- Mitch give a steady diet of elbow , knee and fist -- blam ! blam ! but not all of the man be disarm . and at the sound of repeated gunfire : it 's instant pandemonium on the yacht ! guest scatter in every direction -- some even jump over the side -- cj & summer call out -- co we have get eight body in the water starboard ! summer we have get a half dozen port side ! 107 . summer heroically dive in the water -- truly live out she dream to save people -- to be a lifeguard -- stephanie ( grab the ship 's com ) this be Lt. Holden of baywatch . we have get a 346 - bravo approximately six nautical mile northwest of the Santa monica pier -- on brody , moving fast as he run into Captain thorpe -- brody you sell I out , thorpe ! captain thorpe you fool -- you sell yourself out ! we have a good thing go here , both of we ! I want you because you be not like Mitch and you go ahead and turn into he ! brody well I have never be more happy to disappoint someone -- blam ! a shot hit the rail right next to brody -- they both duck -- thorpe disappear into the scream crowd -- on ellerbee try to digest this scene -- unsure what to do -- mitch get you head in the game , ellerbee ! I need you ! ellerbee nod , understand Mitch be right all along -- and fight along side he now -- on braxton leed as he 's grab by the mexican drug Lord -- cordoba you be finish in this game ! you can not burn the cartel like this , all this product be now -- brbrbrbrbr ! Leeds unleash automatic gunfire into he chest and push he still quivering body over the rail -- 108 . braxton leed mine . on mitch in the middle of a epic fight with the oversize frankie . it 's hand - to-hand , fast and brutal -- ronnie sort of circle they -- look for a way in to help -- but can not -- but then ronnie see victoria -- run down the deck -- ronnie hey ! stop right there you lie whor -- Victoria whip around and shoot ronnie in the shoulder before he can finish ! he collapse to the deck , in agony . Mitch bury a fist in frankie 's gut , and then judo flip he over the side as he gasp . Mitch go to ronnie -- mitch ronnie ! you ok ?! ronnie I be ok , I be ok -- I be apply constant pressure , just like you teach I ! mitch outstanding -- hang on , buddy -- Mitch turn to chase Victoria , when -- ronnie Mitch , wait ! I gotta tell you something ! that day on the beach ? when we first meet ? ( confess ) I be masturbate . mitch I know you be , pal . they share a nice moment , and then Mitch be off -- ronnie go get she , Mitch !! drug room Victoria be below deck in the room where the drug and cash be stashed . she 's fill bag as fast as possible when -- -- the light cut . it 's absolutely pitch black in here . 109 . mitch ( a voice in the darkness ) do you know that at least seven million people go blind every year ? this be what it feel like for they ... blam ! she fire she gun into the darkness , momentarily illuminate the room in a white muzzle flash -- spotlight Mitch as he dart across the room ! mitch ( cont 'd ) number of people who pretend to be blind and get away with it ? blam ! blam ! more flash -- Mitch move like a goddamn Marvel character -- spotlit jumping and moving -- blam ! mitch ( cont 'd ) ( whisper in she ear ) zero . she swing around -- blam ! blam ! victoria where be you ?! mitch what 's the matter , Victoria ? can not see in the dark ...? click ! Victoria have she hand on the light -switch , the room now completely bright , she gun train right at Mitch 's head . victoria now I can see . stephanie ( os ) good . I want you to see this . Victoria spin -- Stephanie be right behind she ! she cold cock Victoria with a right cross ! Victoria drop . Stephanie and Mitch lock eye , share the moment -- stephanie ( cont 'd ) sorry Mitch -- but I really hate that bitch . cj and summer be oversee the transfer of passenger to life boat -- summer help people in the water -- 110 . stephanie ( cont 'd ) stay low , people ! I need a two - by - two formation ! on brody running along the deck -- hear the propeller of the pontoon plane start up ! and as the boat turn , brody see Leeds in the plane with Leon piloting ! brody Mitch ! Leeds be get away ! but Mitch be halfway down the deck . brody take a deep breath , cross himself -- brody ( cont 'd ) «-- above and fuckin’ beyond ... brody climb on the rail , heroic -- and jump as the pontoon plane pass under -- landing on the wing ! mitch ( os ) brody ! as the plane move off , Mitch arrive and dive into the -- ocean as the propeller get louder , Mitch spy the long nautical rope trail off the plane . he swim for it , grab it ! inside the pontoon plane as the plane gather speed for lift-off , Leeds look behind he and see mitch pull himself out of the water by the rope -- now waterskiing by he bare feet ! incredible . leon we gotta get he on land ! where he 's vulnerable ! braxton leed he 's a unemployed LA County lifeguard , not fuck aqua - man ! on mitch pull himself closer and closer as he skiis -- and just as the plane lift off -- Mitch grab the pontoon ! the plane be in the AIR Leeds look back , see Mitch barely hang on . 111 . he shout to Leon to shake he -- and Leon start move the stick -- on top of the wing brody slide as the plane suddenly tip radically ! he slip off the wing , fall as -- -- mitch grab he arm ! brody 's leg dangle over the ocean so far below as Mitch do the toughest curl of he life and get brody to the pontoon safely ! they share a look -- vvvwwwwmmmmm ! oh my God , the plane start go up , do a loop in the air -- Mitch and brody barely hang on -- wind whipping at they mercilessly -- but still they hold ! as it level off -- mitch I be go for the pilot ! on my mark ! you follow I ! ready ?! one ! two -- ! they lock eye , nodd as -- blam ! Mitch 's eye lock with brody , but now full of surprise -- slo -motion : as Mitch fall , revealing leed behind he with a smoking gun , hang way out , grin cruelly -- brody miiitcchhh -- !! Mitch tumble through the air -- bullet wound in he back as brody reach helplessly -- Mitch hit the water with a tremendous splash ! and just like that ... he 's go . brody turn with rage , scramble up the pontoon and attack leed before he can fire again . the two man struggle over the gun . brody manage to hit Leeds in the face with a few solid blow . Leeds counter with a elbow . during the tussle , however , leed 's gun fire -- hitting leon in the neck ! he slump -- the plane goe into a nose - dive -- brody & Leeds continue battle ... as Leon , bleed , do he best to get the plane to land -- the plane just pulling up -- and crash - landing on the beach 112 . brody be throw into the sand , badly injure , can not even stand . Leeds in the passenger seat shake cobweb , check Leon . he 's dead . Leeds stagger from the plane ... gun still clutch in he hand ... ..- head for brody who try to crawl . braxton leed where ... do you think ... you be go ? brody squint , blood trickle in he eye , Leeds yell behind he -- braxton leed ( cont ’d ) I bring you here ! I own you ! you be a nothing ! you work at a Water Park for Christ 's sake !! and then -- a voice ring out -- sang no . he lifeguard . he baywatch . sang come onto the sand , stand between Leeds and brody . Leeds start to laugh ruefully . braxton leed you think I will not shoot you , old man ? move aside -- darnell you gonna shoot I too ?? and that 's when darnell and the rest of the basketball player come onto the sand , stand in front of brody , protective . Leeds can not believe it -- what be this shit ?! brody sit up now -- can not believe it as more come -- the sand -sculptor , hobo Joe , Betty with the denture -- the topless Babe and she husband -- all the people Mitch save , they be all here -- even the girl in the wheelchair from the balloon be on the boardwalk -- all here , stand up for baywatch -- braxton leed get outta here , this be none of you business ! go home ! this be my beach , you hear I ! mine ! and then -- behind Leeds -- something be happen in : 113 . the ocean the water shimmer in the moonlight , bubbles beginning to form . something be rise ... how be this possible -- it 's mitch buchanan , rising like poseidon himself ! and that be not hyperbole . Mitch be somehow rise upright thanks to some unseen force , until he be literally stand on the water -- and just as we be question whether he be , in fact , a god ... we see he 's on the back of a rise killer whale ! Mitch make the click sound , and he ' lady 's the dolphin appear next to he , call back . on the shore everyone point and stare , can not believe it , include : braxton leed ( cont ’d ) he be fuck aqua-man . the orca speed toward the shore , Mitch on its back -- and then , like the show stop finale at Sea World , the powerful beast launch mitch straight out of the water toward Leeds -- wham ! Mitch 's bare foot connect with leed 's chest -- send he hurl back into -- the plane 's still - spin propeller ! zzzzpp !!! close on - the crowd as they be all spray-mist with blood . they be repulse , but then perk up a little when they see Mitch shakily stand -- mitch respect the Bay , motherfucker . Mitch stumble and fall as all the people he 's save rush to he and brody and help lift they to they foot -- aftermath on the sand - later Victoria and the drug Lord 's remain man be in handcuffs , be escort to wait police cruiser as blue light flash . what 's leave of Leeds be be zipped up and haul into a ambulance . brody and Mitch sit next to each other as paramedics work on they various wound . they have be to war together and live ... 114 . brody you be smile because you be proud of I , not because I be hurt , right ? mitch ( with a smile ) a little of both . summer brody ! summer run to brody -- hug he ( he wince ) -- and she surprise he with a kiss . brody grin , can not help it . summer ( cont 'd ) from zero to hero , huh ? best first date I ever have . brody you be the real hero . I see you out there . you pull in at least a dozen people outta that water ... Mitch look at they hold hand and nod with approval . mitch guess it 's time to loosen up the rule about lifeguard dating , huh ? brody do you learn that from I ? to loosen up a little , maybe ? mitch ok . sure , I ’1ll give you that . of course I teach you responsibility . how to be a part of a team . how to face you fear . how to treat woman . how not to be a cocky dick all the time . but sure , you teach I to loosen up a little . great job , brody . as sergeant ellerbee come over , Captain thorpe in tow -- captain thorpe Mitch , I just wanna ... apologize for what happen . I hope you understand , from my perspective -- mitch how much do Leeds pay you , thorpe ? to get I off the beach and put brody in my place ? 115 . Captain thorpe sigh , look off . nod , ashamed . captain thorpe six hundred and fifty dollar . brody 650 ? that 's it ?! captain thorpe well , my salary be not very big , and you know , I get poker night on thursdays ... sgt . ellerbee you know , I might actually have to arrest you for that . you do work for the City , and technically , you do take a bribe ... ellerbee and thorpe share a look . beat . and then thorpe take off run down the beach -- and ellerbee awkwardly chase he , tackle he -- and as they roll around fight , both get cover in sand -- Mitch and brody laugh together -- ' oooh that hurt when I laugh ! 's ronnie come over , surveying the scene , arm in a sling . ronnie you know , even though I get shot , I gotta say ... this be turn out to be the great summer of my entire life ! co and it 's just get start ... ronnie turn , and cj plant the most incredible kiss on he we have yet see . and everyone else from the beach , they all start to hoot and holler and clap . Mitch give he a thumb up . and then , from behind he : darnell motherfuckin 's Mitch Buchanan . CUT to : a podium in front of the beach the member of baywatch , include ronnie , summer and brody , be be award medal of honor from the city . a Admiral ( david hasselhoff ) in he lifeguard dress white speak : 116 . the admiral it 's my great honor to present this award from the City of Los Angeles to baywatch for go above and beyond the call of duty ... each of they get a gold medal around they neck from another distinguished lifeguard ( pamela anderson ) . and when she put brody 's on , he shut he eye , complete . it 's great closure for he , like the Olympic gold he never get . he turn to look at summer , and she eye be lock with he , welling up for he . he grin . fade to : familiar drum start we be back on the beach . a golden morning , the sun shine off wet sand . and as the foo fighter new cover of ' I will be ready 's blast triumphantly over slo -motion : cj parker bound down the beach , smile . and now , stephanie and summer join she in the run . but look out , here come mitch and brody running together , stride for stride in identical red baywatch swim trunk . brody turn , call on someone to catch up -- it 's ellerbee , off the atv and run with they , a pain but dopey grin on he face . and then , we focus in on the ocean as it bubbles , something emerge . and holy shit , it 's ronnie only he 's completely rip just like the rest of they ! ( note this will be a cgi effect -- ronnie 's real head on a completely different and amazingly sculpt body . ) they high five - each other , ellerbee reach into the surf and play splash they as -- -- Mitch look directly at we and wink . end credit