the 1 ead ) reaches . \bememberwme . sereanplay by Mary agnes donoghue bese ' ony the novel : 8 Rainer dart fifth draft December 1987 1 . title sequence ext . carnegie hall - night - the present it be snow hard . a bum be paw through & trashcan limo and taxi line the street wait for the crowe to emerge , driver stand under the overhang talk to each other . from inside the theater , we hear thunderous app - lause . the poster and marquee simply read '' bloom " in large , black letter . int . carnegie hall - night cc bloom , at forty - one , have the figure of a thirty - year ~ ola , and a wild explosion of red hair surround she arrest - ing face like @& lion 's mane . she be dress in a perfect black evening gown and be spotlit stand in the center of a otherwise empty stage , take bow to a stand ovation from a open night crowd . she exhude a brash , outrageous and completely engage charm . ec ( into microphone ) thank you ! thank you : as the applause continue , she lose she composure and start pace the stage with excitement , a brilliant smile on she face . , ec you people be too much : you make be alive worth the excercise : ( applause con - tinue ) if you calm down , I will do one more song , but that 's it ! I be get old : I will be thirty on my next birthday : laughter , then a silence 80 profound you could hear a pin drop . CC nod at the conductor , then we hear the in - troduction to " someone to watch over I . " CC sing the song in a pure , rich voice , she phrasing original and move . . 2 . when the song end , she leave the stage to & stand ovation . int . wing - carnegie hall - night people close in on CC to congratulate she . as she move slowly through the crowd the stage manager push he way to she and hand she a piece of paper . stage manager phone message , CC . cc be still accept congratulation from people as she unfold the paper . . - ext , carnegie hall - night snow fall in a thick , white cloud . people be still ex - iting the theater , climb into limo and taxi . unnotice by the crowd , CC rush from the building , now in street clothes , still pull on she fur coat and scarf . a empty taxi be cruise past . she run down the street after it , grab the door handle , slide dangerously in the snow , and run along with it for a few foot until it skid to a halt . as she pull the door open and slide into the back seat : ce ( urgent ) La guardia , please . Bos - ton shuttle . the door slam shut behind she . int . taxi = night as ' the driver start to pull away , he suddenly turn to leok at she with a frown . driver hey . be not you ... ce no. he shrug and go back to he drive . CC lean she head against the window and stare out at the fall snow anxiously . the only sound be the driver talk softly to the dispatcher over the radio , tire move over the cushion of snow and the windshield wiper slapping back and forth . slowly , the sound of people at a beach bleed in . title sequence end . ext . atlantic CITY boardwalk - hot summer day ~ 1957 the boardwalk be pack with people . a very pretty , meti - culous-ioking girl of eleven , hillary whitney , wear a sundress and sandal walk anxiously through the crowd , scan she surroundings with a@ panicky expression . she finally walk over to the railing and look out over the beach with despair . ext , beach - day hillary slowly descend the stair to the sand , then sudden - ly sink onto the bottom step , put she face in she hand and start cry . cc {v.0 . ) do not tell I . you be lose . I must see a hun - dre case like you every day . startle by the childish but oddly mature voice come from the darkness under the beardwalk , hillary quickly turn , a thread of cigarette smoke drift out . ec ( v.0 . ) want a drag ? hillary ( wiping tear ) a drag ..? cc ( v.0 . ) on my cigarette . it will calm you nerve . . hillary ( upset ) I want to go back to we hotel , but I can not remem - ber the name . my mother say .. cc ( cut in , bored v.0 . ) Big or small ? hillary my mother ..? cc ( exasperate v.0 . ) the hotel . hillary Big . cc ( v.0 . ) } ritzy or cheap ? hillary I guess it 's ... ritzy . ( v.0 . ) . - do it have a fountain in front , a pool inside and a bunch of fruit in monkey suit play violin in the lobby ? hillary ( excited ) yes : cc ( v.0 . ) you bet you ass it 's ritzy . it 's the marlboro blenheim . hillary ( shriek ) that 's it ! do you know where it be ? ce ( resign v.0 . ) yeah . i* 11 walk you back if you want . hillary oh , yes , please ... what 's you name ? cc ( dramatic v.0 . ) what 's my nacre ? I be none other than tre fantastic , world - famous , cnild - wonder ... a outrageous - look litte girl of eleven leap out of the darkness into the lisnt , still clutching the light cig - arette . cc cc Bloom : cc have a mop of wildly curly red hair on she head and a long , skinny frame with well - develop leg . she be wear a red=sequinned leotard , red polish on all nail and be clutching a pair of glitter red tap shoe . hillary I be hillary whitney . cc ( annoyed ) do not you recognize I ? hillary no. ce I do the mama number in the . tony grant kiddie show : hillary the what ...? ce Jesus Christ , kid , what plan - et do you live on ? the tony grant show just happen to be the most popular show in atlan - tie City and I be the most popular act in it : ( grudge ) along with Karen lewandowski , the hand - walk queer . leona ( scream v.c. ) cc ! where be you , CC ?: ce ( stubbing cut : cigarette ) shit. ( yell ) do not blow a gasket , leona . I be down here . a vulgar- look fat woman in she forty appear at the top of the step . leona thank God : when I could not find you in you dress room I think you be dead : cc you watch too many movie , leona . leona we have to get back to the theater right away : there 's a Hollywood talent scout who want to : see you act : cc stare at she . ec be this you idea of a sick joke ? leona no ! he catch the midnight show last night and he 's erazy about you : he 's look for a kid to star in a movie : cc be suddenly take the step two at atime . she pause to look over she shoulder at hillary . ec well , do not just stand there ! c'mon : this be my break into the big time : hillary hesitates for a split-second , then race after CC . ext . boardwalk - day as the two girl rapidly pass leona in the direction of the theater : leona and how many time do I have to tell you not to wear you costume on the beach ?! I be not make of money , you know : cc get off my back , leona : hillary ( soft ) who be that woman ...? cc what woman ? hillary nod over she shoulder toward leona , who be have a hard time keep up because of she weight . ec that 's no woman , that 's my mother . hillary look away , completely shocked . int , theater - day while a man play a piano , CC , now fully make - up as well as in costume , tap dance to the center of the stage , do a cartwheel and then in perfect control and with very mature and suggestive gesture , sing in a strong , pure voice . . ec ( sing ) you gotta see mama every night or you can not ... no , you can not ... I say you can not see you mama at all : there be something freakish in both CC 's appearance in adult make - up and in hearing a fully develop voice emerge from a child 's body . camera pull back to reveal hillary , leona , tony grant , a small , fat man in a cheap suit and mr . melman , a sleazy - look character in sy devore white , as they burst into enthusiastic applause . tony cc ! cc 'mere and meet Mr. melman : her face on fire with excitement , CC run to the edge of the stage . just as she reach it , & stage - hand shove a light staircase centerstage behind she . CC quickly glance over she shoulder , then turn back , she face darken - ing . cc Karen lewandowski 's audi - tion too ? tony grant hey , CC , it would not be fair not to let ... cc ( sharp ) I think it be just I , leona : leona it be , sweetie , but Mrs. lewandowski find out and ... cc. ( voice rise ) she find out from you , do not she ? : you be brag again , be not you , leona ? : during this , , a perfectly beautiful little girl be lead on - stage by she drive mother . before leona can reply : mother ( fawn ) Karen 's ready for you , Mr. melman . Mr. melman be look past CC at the little girl with de - light surprise . melman what a beautiful child : as the piano start play " stairway to paradise '' CC slowly turn , sing sweetly , Karen flip herself onto she hand and start walk up the light staircase . as CC stare , she eye fill with tear . ce ( soft ) who care what she look like ? all she know how to do be walk on she hand : int , dressing room - day leona try to calm CC as she hurl herself around the room , pound the wall , rip costume from rack , scream and sobbing hysterically . cc it 's you fault it happen : it 's you fault they pick she ! it should have be I : she 's like something in a cir - cause ! I wish I be dead : you will be sorry when I be dead ? you will all be ... hillary appear hold out a light cigar helpfully . hillary cc : I bring you a cigar from Mr. melman : . leona a cigar from Mr. melman ? : why ?: ' hillary why else ? to calm she nerve . CC stare at she , then slide along the wall to the floor , put she face in she hand and break into soft , break laughter . leona watch she anxiously , then : leona listen , sweetie , what do you say we pack it in and go back to the bronx ? you could hang out with the other kid at the pool and we could see daddy . would not that be nice , ceece ? do not you want to go home , baby ? pause , then CC slowly lift she head with exhaustion . ce ( soft , lose ) okay , leona . let 's go home . leona grab the cigar from hillary , take a deep drag and exhales loudly with relief . int . photo machine - same day the machine take several snap of CC and hillary in various pose , CC still in make - up and costume . int , MAIN staircase - marlboro blenheim HOTEL - afternoon cc and hillary climb the stair to the mezzanine as hillary tear the photo strip in half . CC be still in make - up and costume and they be in childish high spirit . hillary you take this and I will take that . ec you be take the best one : hillary ( traaing ) I be not , bet you can have they : ( sudden , inspire ) you know what you need ? a theme song : like dinah shore. ( sangiag ) see the u.s.a. in you chevrolet America be as < ing you to call . ( throw kiss ) ce I do not want to sing about a car . 10 . ec ( cont would . ) ( dreamy ) give I a gershwin tune . hillary what 's that about ? a bike ? they have reach the top of the step and CC freeze . the elegant mezzanine restaurant be pack with well - heele people have tea and the table be attend by uniforned waiter . ce ( anxious ) what be we do here ?: hillary clamly start walk toward a free table . hillary I want to buy you a soda for walk I back . CC hesitates , then go after she , glance around nervous - ly at the people she pass , who be stare at she with shocked disapproval . ec there 's soda on the board - walk : hillary it 's better here . ec but people be look at I : hillary so what ? hillary sit down . cc so they will probably kick I out of a place like this : hillary they can not . cc stare at she , then just as she be about to sit : waiter just a minute you two : you can not sit there : ce ( mortify hiss ) I tell you : 1 . she remain stand as the waiter rush up . hillary stare at he with a unwaver gaze . hillary yes , we can , my name 's hillary whitney , I be stay here with my parent and I want a chocolate soda . what do you want , CC ? CC hesitates , stare anxiously at the waiter , then : ce ( quick ) the same . the waiter look at CC with distaste , glare back at hillary , who stare back firmly , then with a angry sniff suddenly lift he pad , write in it , turn on he heel and walk off . CC quickly sit down , impressed . cc how would you do that ? hillary ( dismissive shrug ) easy . my father 's rich . ( excited ) promise when you go home you will write to I in Boston ? ce ( puzzle ) sure , . but how come you want to write to I so much ? hillary be you crazy ? : you just happen to be the most fantastic person I ever meet in my entire life : cc I be ..? hillary o£ course you be ! ' you smoke , you wear make - up , you even curse in front of you mother : ce ( delighted ) well , now that you put it that way , I guess I be pretty amazing . hillary when you start sing ... 12. hillary ( cont would . ) ‘( sing loudly , raunchy voice , hold= - ; ing imaginery breast ) you gotta see mama every night or you can not see mama at all . you gotta treat mama ... mother ( soft , amaze v.0 . ) hillary ? what be you do ? hillary spin around to see she mother , a tall , slender woman in she thirty with beautiful , patrician feature , dress in a white linen suit and sunglass , walk up to she with a dry - out woman of the same age , aunt vesta . hillary 's ( excited ) Mom , aunt vesta : this be cc ! I get lose and she show I the way back after she do she mama number : vesta ( soft , horrify ) her mama number . ..? as hillary 's mother look at CC she break into a warm , charming smile . mother I be sure it be wonderful . look at that amazing outfit you have on . : ( to hillary ) we be look everywhere for you : do you forget we be go with you father to the golf club ? hillary but CC and I be have a soda . CC , who have be stare at hillary 's mother as if she be a@ goddess , come around and stand up awkwardly . ce hey , forget it : if I do not go back leona will start foam - ing at the mouth anyway . as hillary get up she mother take she hand and smile at CC . vesta be fumble in she purse . 13 . mother thank you for look after my girl . as they turn away , vesta suddenly shove some bill into cc 's hand with distaste . cc ( take aback ) what 's this for ..? vesta ( disapprove ) it keep people like you honest . as vesta walk after hillary and hillary 's mother , hillary suddenly look back over she shoulder at CC . hillary ( bright , excited ) be sure to keep in touch , cc , okay ? cc well , sure , we be friend be not we ..? . hillary do not hear as she vanish down the step with she mother and vesta . CC look after they with long for a moment , then look down at the money in she hand . the waiter arrive and she suddenly shove the money into he pocket . waiter ( take aback ) what 's this for ..? cc ( teugh , cocky ) it keep people like you honest , buddy . as she walk off toward the stair , she tap click cheerfully on the marble floor , she step quickly turn into a defiant , little walk dance which attract the stare of everyone she pass . when she reach the top of the stair , all eye upon she , she suddenly break into a quick combination step , as if she be exite @ stage , then tap she way lightly down the marble stair until she dis - appear from sight . int . entry of episcopal church - boston - rainy day - 1959 two year older , dress in black and look as if she 14 . have be cry , hillary stand next to the close street door , read a letter . as she read , we hear : ce ( v.0 . ) leona will not let I go to julliard , so I have to keep take dance lessor from miss Jean kayton , the freaky fat vaudeville star . her studio 's in the cellar , which mean you only graduate when you be tall enough to hit you hea on the ceiling . what 's a genius like I do in a place like this ? ; by the way , I be sorry you mother 's sick . be she better ? at that moment , the door to the street be abruptly pull open . a handsome man in he forty , also dress in black and look shattered , stand under a umbrella on the step . at the curb , we see a coffin be slip into the back of a hearse , which be surround by a group of mourner under umbrella . hillary stare at the vision with a stunne frighten face , then care fully fold CC 's letter and put it into she pocket , take she father 's hand and walk out into the rain . , int . school gymnasium - night - 1962 it be decorate for a dance and pack with teenager danc - ing a slow dance to record rock and roll . lock un - happy , CC stand with a group of unattractive girl at the pase of the stage near the refreshment table . her clothes be too tight fa she voluptuous body so make she look fat , she curly hair be crush to she head with clip and she make - up be design to exaggerate she worst feature . she clearly have no idea of what she look like but sus ~ pect it be not good . as she read a letter , we hear : hillary ( v.02 ) I have definately decide on Vassar . you ask what I be go to be wnon I grow up . I have a feel I be go - ing to be my father . he never let I out of he sight since my mother die . be . during this a boy walk up to the group . the girl look at he hopefully , include CC . ' his eye meet hers , she smile invitingly , he stare for a moment longer , then turn and walk away . she sigh with despair as she go back to the letter . hillary ( v.0 . ) by the way , I really re - pect you decision to de - dicate you life to art in - stead of boy . that kind of sacrifice show great charac - ter . ext . vassar campus - sunny spring day - 1968 hillary , now a stunningly beautiful woman , walk slowly across the lawn toward a building in a crowd of student , carry book and clumsily write a letter . she have the kind of fresh , intelligent face that will still be beautiful in old age , bone that promise character and a innate grace that express itself effortlessly . hillary ( vv.0 . ) it 's not the same for I , I do not have yur talent , which be why I have decide to stay in Boston and take the job in my uncle 's law firm . drawing up will and dissolve marriage be bor - ing no matter where you do it and my father would be desolé ( that 's french for fuck up ) if I leave . will I ever see you again ? how be New York ? I be sure by now you have take it by storm . int . macy department store - new york - day - 1971 the place be decorate for Christmas and pack with shopper . a special display feature a excercise bed ~- a double bed mattress which vibrate and undulate simultaneously . CC , wear a negligee and write a letter , be strapped to the mattress , oblivious to the stare of the buy public . go be the insecure teenager and in she place be a strike woman with a lush body and a great mane of blind red hair . CC the adult know what she look like and make the most of it . ce ( v.0 . ) forgive the write 16 . cc ( cont would . ) ( v.0 . ) but I be try to do it while make a special guest appearance at macy .'s . I be just about to committ suicide by take a overdose of vitamin a when you letter arrive tell I I be a genius and not to lose heart . I de - cide to live even though I have not have a single perform job in eight month , I have be turn down by every agent in stown , I '' break and desperately lonely during this festive season . lucky you . the sound of a train station bleed in . int . penn station - platform - night close on a discarde timetable as many foot walk over it . the date be February 11 , 1972 cc ( v.0 . ) ' tucked safely in the bosom of you family . as a very expensive pair of woman 's boot walk over it . camera move up and back and follows hillary as she make she way with the crowd toward the main terminal building . she be struggle with a few piece of expensive luggage and have a crumpled Boston Globe jamme under she arm . she be @ress in conservative but stylish clothes - man 's cashmere coat , wool challis skirt , silk shirt , etc . int . penn station ~ MAIN terminal - night hillary quickly walk to a bank of pay phone , a anxious look on she . face , take a great pile of change from she . purse , light a cigarette hungrily , then feed change into the phone and dial a long distance number . the phone ring , then : hillary ( bright , tense ) hi , dad ? it 's I , hillary . ( pause , anxious ) well , no , I will not be join you ' for dinner tonight , I be ... I be in New York ... ( pause , desperate ) well , i. do not know ... I think 17 . hillary ( cont would . ) maybe I would check out some job possibility here and ... ( pause , plead ) please , dad , please do not be upset , I have be try to tell you for month I want to go but you would not listen so I ... ( pause , uneasy ) dad ..? be you still there ...? ( flat , firm ) fuck you , dad . she hang up , toss she Boston Globe dramatically into a nearby trashcan and resume she journey to the street with she luggage , anxiety replace by a excited determina - tion . . int . seedy piano bar ~ mid - town manhattan - night wearing a skin-tight thirty evening gown , a huge fake er- mine boa and lot of rhinestone jewelry , CC sing good morn - ing heartache to a indifferent crowd , accompany on the piano . at one table a drunken couple talk and laugh loudly , at ancther a woman sob next to a man who sit with he face in he hand , at the bar businessman be hustle by hooker , etc . although CC have a. desparate lock on she face , she sing honestly and from the heart to she dismal audience . when the song end , she wait expectantly but nothing happen . she smile slightly and bow . cc thank you , thank you : you be too , too kind ! int . piano bar office - night the mom be more like a dirty , little broom closet than a office and a gay man of forty , harry , with a tired , ruin face be count money into a strong - box when CC walk in . ec ( bright , strain ) so , Harry , do you catch that set ? that people be crazy about I : ( no response ) they be so crazy about I they be spend money hand over fist : ( no response ; sweet ) so I be wonder , Harry , could you lend I fifty buck until payday ? 18 . harry ( count money no. ce ( hysterical fit ) that 's it : that 's the end : I can not take anymore : I mean , what be this place , a piano bar or a Nazi work camp ?! I be die of malnutrition from live on dogfood , I sing my heart out for peanut and you can not part with fifty fuck buck you already owe I ?! do you realize how lucky you be to have I for two week ? when my run end you could end up with some bimbo who 'walk on she hand for a live : you ... without look up , he hold up a fifty dollar bill , and she quickly walk over and take it . - cc ( grateful ) sare a angel , Harry , straight from heaven . i£. you mother : have not be such a bitch we might have share something important , you know ? as he give she a look , we hear : hillary ( breathless excite - ment ) cc ..? CC Bloom ..? ec turn to see hillary stand in the doorway . she look at she without recognition . ee yeah ? hillary step into the room . hillary oh , CC ; I be so thrilled : I can not believe we be finally in the same room together : I have be dream of this moment for so long : cc stare at she , then frown slightly . 219 . ce look , honey , I do not know what you be after , but if it 's what I think it be , you have get the wrong girl . hillary ( take aback ) what ? ce you be not my type , com - prenez-vous ? hillary cc : do not you recognize I ? : it 's hillary : CC stare at she , then she eye begin to widen . ce ( soft ) whitney ...? hillary nod . CC stare at she , then slowly walk toward she . cc ( soft , amaze ) how could I recognize you ? I have not see you since we be eleven ... she suddenly let out a great shriek of excitement and Harry slap he hand over he ear in pain as the two woman they - brace . '' ec I do not believe this : ( to Harry ) do you believe this , Harry ? we have be write since we be eleven : ( to hillary ) what be you do in York ?! hillary : ( confuse laugh ) I do not know , ( emotional ) I just walk out on my life in Boston tonight . I feel so suffocate I could not stand it anymore so I just leave . . 20 . hillary ( cont no . ) my job , my apartment , my family ... ec ( cut in , tense ) you money too ..? hillary ( startle ) well , I have not think about it , but yes , I guess my money too . with a heartbroken cry , CC put she face in she hand . ext , soho STREET - night the wind blow bit of newspaper around as CC and hillary , carry hillary 's luggage , approach the light doorway of a loft building . CC be now wear a huge , second - hand fur and English riding boot and hillary be look around at the overturn trashcan , seedy bar and collapse drunk uneasily . hillary ( bright , strain ) I really appreciate the offer , cc , put I be sure I can find a place of my own to live . ec in this neighborhood ? : never : hillary ( soft ) yes , well , I guess there 's always uptown . ec you be break ! and anyway , leona ' have have a heart attack if I do not invite you to move in . . hiularyy she life in Miami . she would never know . CC be open the door with she key . a drunken woman sit on the step clutching a bottle in a brown paper bag . ce hi , marjorie . how 's life treat you ? 21 . the drunk fall against the wall , she eye shut , the bottle still clutch in she hand . CC shove some money in she pocket . cc cut down on the gasoline , marge , it 's bad for the complexion . cc quickly climb over the drunk and enter the biild . hillary ( stare at drunk ) she could be dead . ce ( hold door , cheerful ) ' Nah . i£ she be dead she would have drop the bottle . hillary look at she with a strain smile , then gingerly climb over the drunk and enter the building . black screen we hear a door open and then a light snap on . int . .cc' loft - night , hillary and CC walk in and drop the luggage on the floor . ce ( bright ) so ? what do you think ? hillary slowly look around the room which , except for a few rudimentary piece of furniture and a storm of dis - card clothes , be bare and give the impression it be in a bomb - out building . a jerry - build kitchen stretch along a wall beneath a row of large , dirty , uncurtain window look out on the empty street . hillary suddenly burst into tear . ce ( offended ) hey : so it 's not Buck - ingham Palace : it 's home to I : hillary ( wiping away tear , excited ) you do not understand : I be ery because I be happy : it just hit I I be finally 22 . hillary ( cont would . ) involved in real life , not the sanitize version you get on beacon Hill : ( pace room ) do you realize for the first time in my life I be free ? : for the first time I be do exactly what I want to do ra~ the than what I nve be train - ed to do ?! I feel like scream ~ ing and shouting free at last , free at last , thank God almighty I be free at last : ccc stare at she shine face . cc ( soft ) be you like this all the time ..? hillary ( puzzle ) no. CC smile sweetly as she kick the door shut . cc good . then you can stay . int , copy shop = mid - town - day it be pack with people . CC and the manager , a mean - look fat woman in late middle - age , be behind the coun - ter frantically help customer . ce ( exasperate ) I be sorry , sir , but I can not fit all that on one rubber stamp . man but it have to be on one acemp : why can not you fit it cc ( acid ) because you would either need - a microscope to read the print or we would have to order a stamp so huge it would take a hydrau - lic lift to pick it up : 23 . cc ( cont would . ) ( toss order form at he ) think it over and come back when you have make up you little mind : next : a telephone ring as the man throw the form on the floor and storm out . as the manager answer the phone , a little man in a raincoat appear . man I want to use the color copier . cc ( irritate ) go away or I will call the cop . man . I have a right to use it : manager cc : telephone : ce I have to call back . ( to man ) . I have tell you a hundred time already , it 's against the law to even have that picture much less copy they : manager you can not call back . ec why not ? manager it 's you roommate , she 's in jail and need you to bail she out . cc stare at she . int . holding tank - police station = day it be pack with scurilous - lock women ~ hooker , thief , fight victim , etc . in one corner , a group of antiewar type huddle anxiously together . while she talk , hillary walk amongst the unwash hand out leaflet feature she smile face beneath a headline read '' vote democratic = hillary whitney for CITY council , 16th district . '' hillary 's conservative clothes be go and she be now dress in army surplus fatigue , leyer of sweater and scarve , etc . in spite of it all , she still 24 . look as if she belong on the mver of vogue . the down - trodden accept the leaflet with docile , blank face . hillary ( passionate , in - spire ) you have get to vote , you have get to tell you friend to vote . this city do not just belong to Wall Street and fifth Avenue , it belong to you too and I promise once I be on the city council thing will change - free daycare cen - ter , youth program , wor study program for the under - priviledge , small business in - centive for deprive community - my aim be to represent the inter - est of everyone in this district , not just the ... a bored - look cop have open the cell door . everyone look up anxiously , except hillary , who be busy with she speech . . cop , . ( eut in ) whitney : H. whitney : hillary ( turn ) yes ? cop you be out . int , police station - day as the now exasperate - look cop lead hillary and cc to the front desk hillary practically assault he . hillary nobody read be my rights and I be hold without chéagus : cop shut -up , lady . hillary I will not shut - up : ec he have a gun . shut-up. 25 . of ~ hillary ( to cop ) I just happen to be run for e¢ity council in this @istrict and you have not hear the last of this , you fascist pig : cop ( furious ) anybody can run for city coun - ¢il and if you do not shut ~ - up you be go back in the tank : hillary ' oh , yeah ? on what charge ? cc ) resisting release : ( grab she arm ) | let 's go ! : she start pull . hillary down the hall . hillary yank she arm away but keep walk , pull a cigarette out of she pocket . as hillary ( lighting up ) God , what a experience : first my civil rights be violate and then a hooker threaten to stab I with , a bobby pin if I do not give . - she my last cigarette : naturally , : I refuse : CC look at she as if she be insane . cc what be with you ? : first you quit you low - pay job with the aclu to run for some cockamamey political office in a district full of congenital idiot and killer , and now you have to go to jail too ? hillary I do not do it on purpose . . I be on a run-of - the-mill o~ . anti-war march when a few zea - lot start throw bottle at the cop : do you think I like have tear gas bomb throw in my face ? yes . I do . she walk out . hillary go after she . 26 . *™ ext , police station - day _ , as they start down the step : hillary go back to work ? ce I be fire . hillary I be retire the last of my eredit card today . ce I can hardly hold back my i tear . hillary what do you say we send it off in style ? oo cc leok at she with sudden interest . cc lunch and a facial ? hillary lunch , a facial and bendel . cc ( delighted ) now you be talk : as they start off down the street arm in arm , hillary suddenly look at she curiously . hillary do not you care about any of this stuff ? cc what stuff ? hillary what 's go on in the world . the injustice , the wrong , ro . the problem . ec sure I do . we just have a . gifferent approach the thing , that 's all . : 27 . hillary what do you mean ? ec I mean you want to change the world . ( look at she ) I want to rule it . int . - vw bug - lower east side - morning hillary be behind the wheel and drive like a maniac , lean on the horn , practically go up on curb to pass people , etc . we see campaign poster and leaflet cover the back seat , CC be in the passenger seat , grip the dashboard , dress in a rabbit costume complete with rubber muzzle , tooth and plastic whisker . ce after all I have do for you , you be complain ? hillary no , I be just say you al - way take this job when I be in a rush to be somewhere . ( yell out window ) what be you do , asshole ? take you vacation at the interesection ? she skid to a halt in front of a tenement building , just miss a garbage truck . ce ( sort , horrify ) you must have get you license out of a cereal box . hillary do you want I to wait ? cc turn to she and snap the muzzle against she face . ec what do you think ? as she speak , hillary grab a bunch of envelope and leaf - let and start stuff . hillary , then you would better step on it . I be speak at a rent strike raliy in a hour . 27a . cc stare at she as if she be a rare species of bird , then quickly jump out of the car , slam the door and run into the building . int . tenement ~ morning CC walk past a couple of door in the dark , seedy corri - dor , the muzzle sit on she head , check apartment number . she stop in front of a door and ring the bell , then slip the muzzle on she face . Inside we hear a couple of crash , a number of lock be undone and the door be finally pull open by JOHN chase , a extremely attractive , intense-look man in he early thirty who look as if he just wake up from a sound sleep after a very late night . he be barefoot and wear hastily pull on jeans and t- shirt . she smile brightly . cc good morning : TI have a birthday message for you from you darling bunny girl Barbara : . JOHN . ( @aze , horrify ) my what ..? ce 's I do not make the stuff . up , pal . I just deliver it . ( sing ) happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday darling bunny boy . happy birthday to you . without a second 's hesitation , she begin to sing '' crazy be call I . '' John listen , transfix by she lovely voice , then when she finish he lean against the wall . JOHN you have a great voice . CC smile flirtateously as she remove the bunny muzzle . ec do you really think so ? ( light laugh ) of course I be not the type to believe flattery , but some critic have even call - ed I a genius . 28 . JOHN ( amused ) oh , I see . you be a pro . ce ( grand ) my last engagement be in a divine little supper club in mid-town call the Dew Drop Inn . JOHN ( take aback ) the what ? cc ( quick ) never mind . ( hold out hand , flirtaeous smile ) cc Bloom . JOHN ( shaking it ) John chase . so , CC Bloom , where be you appear now ? ec ( evasive ) I be in between club date . I be at a turn point in my career , you know ? and I have to be very , very selec - tive . there be a awkward pause . . JOHN well . Nice meeting you , CC . CC look at he with a slightly desperate look on she face , want to prolong the moment . ce '' yeah ... nice meeting you ... she hesitates , then with a little , reluctant wave turn and start walk away , try to think of some reason to turn back . John be watch she with a thoughtful expression on he face . JOHN ( sudden ) wait a minute . cc ( turn , excited ) I be free tonight and all weekend : 29 . he ignore she remark as he walk over to she . she stare at she stare at JOHN have you ever act ? ce ( startle ) no . . why ? JOHN I run a little repertory com - pany and we need someone with @ strong voice . interested in audition ? ce ( shrugging ) , well ... I do not know ... what 's the name of the company ? JOHN : the East side player . hin . cc be you serious ? the company that send all that show to Broadway ? ( he nod ; astonished ) Jesus . and you still live in a@ place like this ? ( sudden , panicky ) forget it . I be just a singer , you know ? JI do not know the first thing about ... JOHN ( impatient ) you do not have to . you be ob - viously talented ... ce ( thrilled ) you think so0 ..? JOHN you have get great natural tim - ing and you can learn the rest . anyway , it 's just a audition . all either one of we have to lose be a little time , he adoringly , fall in love . ec when ? 39 . JOHN next fraday at 3:00 sharp . cc ( soft , thrilled ) you know , the second I see you in that doorway I have a feel we would ... at that moment , the street door open and hillary walk in . hillary if you want I to drive you home , CC we have to leave now : cc turn to she with a radiant smile . ce John chase , my roommate , hillary whitney . when hillary 's eye meet John 's it be electrify for both . they stare at each other , then hillary quickly walk for - ward and hold out she hand with a awkward smile . hillary hello . sorry to be s0 abrupt , but I be run late for a appointment . they shake hand , transfix by one another . JOHN a audition ..? hillary a audition . .? ( sudden , laugh ) oh , no ! I be not a performer . JOHN the way , ou look ... I just assume ... hillary ( hand he a leaflet ) I be run for city council . | JOHN I will vote for you . hillary wrong district . JOHN my loss . 31 . ce ( sudden , shrill ) be not it time to get move , dear ?! hillary quickly glance at she , the look back at John as she start edging out the door after CC , hillary , Goodbye , John , Nice meeting you . JOHN very nice meeting you . the door bang shut . ext . tenement build - day as CC and hillary descend the stair , hillary glance at she with excitement . hillary . he 's very attractive , be not he ? ec : ( sullen ) I suppose , if you like the type . she flop into the car and pull the door shut . int . car - day as hillary climb in and start the engine : hillary I wonder why that woman call he she darling bunny boy . . cc turn to look at she , they eye lock for a moment , then CC turn away . hillary ( soft , intrigue ) oh. I see , int. east side theater - onstage - day it be in a abandon church on the lower east side . 32 . cc be finish up a read from streetcar name desire . she be surprisingly good as blanche dubois except she play she as a girl from the bronx . John sit watch she in wonder . ce he would stick a revolver into he mouth and fire : so that the back of he head have be - blow away ! it be because on the dance floor - unable to stop myself - I would suddenly say '' I know ! I see ! you disgust I . " and then the searchlight which have be turn on the world be turn off again and never for one moment since have there be any light stronge than this kitchen candle ... there be a pause , then she look up anxiously and slowly lower the script . John stare at she . ce , so ..? * JOHN ( soft ) blanche dubois be from the South . ce ( tough , belligerent ) yeah ? so ? I be from the bronx : 32 , A. int . loft bathroom = day sunlight stream through dirty window . in theix under - wear , CC and hillary be die they hair . CC be rinsing hers in the sink and hillary be drying hers with a blow - dryer . ee ( defensive ) well , no , it 's not a big part , I only have four line , '' but each one be dense with meaning . hillary John call I yesterday . cc , who be drying she hair with a towel , @art she a look of surprise . ec why ? hillary for lunch , but I have to speak to the chamber of commerce . ( pause , casual ) be he still with the set de - signer ? cc ( casual ) Nah . he dumped she for & dancer in a chorus line . hillary how would she taxe it ? ec . ( with relish ) sui-i-cidal : he 's absolutely heartless when it come to woman . hillary ( soft , uneasy ) really . : CC drop the towel , shake she hair out and look at hillary expectantly . her mane be now blonde . cc wnat do you think ? 33 . hillary it 's fabulous : ( patting hair , excited ) what do you think of mine ? cc it 's the same color . hillary what ? cc turn she to face the mirror . ce you just spend the last two hour die you hair ex - actly the same color . int . east side theater - lounge ~ day CC sit on a broken= - down couch in the dusty room sip coffee and read a script . through a open door - way lead into the main part of the theater we hear a pi- ano play and see a play be rehearse . CC suddenly slam the script shut and walk off down a hall with @ set , belligerent expression .on she face . int , hallway - day CC stop in the doorway of a small , cluttere office . John be at the desk pay bill . ce I have be cast as a pri - go guard on death row . JOHN ( look up ) I know . I do the casting . ce I think I would have a bigger part . JOHN not yet . ce but this be not I . JOHN Act like it be . 34 . ~~ : she stare at he , he stare back , then she walk out of the room with a exasperate , defeat sigh . he go back to he bill . int . seedy laundromat - late night the place be empty except for CC , who be stretch out on a bench stare at the ceiling , and hillary , who be be - move thing from a dryer and fold then . ce tell I the truth . I mean really , really tell I the truth . hillary okay . cc do you think I be very tal - ent or just moderately talented ? : i hillary , . ( faint sigh ) I think you be very talented , cc. I have tell you that at , least eight million time . , ce . - I know , but maybe you be just be nice . how do I know you mean it and ' that you be not just be nice ? ( silence ) do you mean it ? hillary ( exasperate ) yes : I mean it ! ec ( quiet ) he think I be very talented too . hillary ( fold , casual ) how be he ? still with the ery waitress ? ce no . she enter a ashran when he start see the gymnast . 35 . ce ( cont would . ) ( pause ) do he ever call you again ? hillary no . my schedule 's so tight I say I would call he . ( sudden ) the girl who enter the ashram , be she religious ? cc no. ( leok at she ) e-motionally shattered . hillary _ by he ? ce uh-huh. ( pause ) be you go to do it ? hillary what ? ce call he . hillary I do not know . they sink back into they own thought as hillary fold , then CC turn to look at she . ee I will never forget this for as long as I live . hillary what ? cc you do my laundry for I . I hate do laundry more than anything on earth and this be the kindest thing anyone have ever do for I , ( look back at ceiling , thoughtful ) a man would never do this for you no matter how much he love you . 36 . int . CC and hillary's loft - night a seraggly , haphazardly decorate Christmas tree with a few wrap present under it provide the only light . the loft have be transformed by hillary into @ place where people live . her sleep area have print on the wall , lush plant , fill bookshelve , cluttere desk over which hang evidence of she political campaign , news - paper clipping , poster , photograph , etc . CC and hillary be in they bed , fall asleep . hillary /cc ( sing softly ) away in a manger no crib for a bed the Little Lord Jesus Lay down he sweet head the star in the sky look down where he lay the little lord Jesus asleep in the hay . they both stare dreamily at the tree through half - close eye . hillary , how about good King wenceslaus ? cc not tonight , Hill . hillary okay . ( shutting eye ) goea night , CC . ce ( drift off ) goodnight , hillary the Christmas light blink on and off in the dark as they breathe deepen into sleep . int , rappaport's dairy restaurant - lower east side - day the place be pack with a lunch crowd . CC sit alone at a window table eat and read a script . as John pass the window he knock on it , then a moment later he slip into the seat across from she . JOHN so . what do you think of the new play ? brilliant , be not it ? 37 . ce ( indifferent ) yeah . Revolutionary . what do I play ? a piece of scenery ? JOHN one of the two lead . she stare at he , then shake she head , cc I be sorry , but I could not possibly do that . JOHN ( slight laugh ) what ? [ a it 's out of the question . he reach across and take she hand reassuringly . JOHN I promise you , CC . you ea not fail . ce ( startle ) pail ? of course I can not fail . I know that . he drop she hand with irritation . JOHN then what the hell be the problem ? she lean toward he . cc ( emotional , frighten ) if I do that , everything will change . forever . I know it . right now I feel like I be remember I have - ing this conversation with you . I do not want thing to change that much . I do not want to leave thing behind . it 's lore ly . John stare at she , then stand up . 38 . JOHN ( disgust ) what a lot of self - in - dulgent crap . ( teugh ) you know the say better lueky than good ? you be bear with the kind of talent that will always have some - place to go . that 's very lucky . do not ask I to feel sorry for you for be lucky . he turn and walk out of the restaurant . she watch he go with a anxious expression on she face , then look down at the script as if it be go to attack she . she finally take a deep breath and as she open it to read ' she suddenly bless herself , then throwg up she hand in exasperation . ce ( mutter ) what be you do ? : you be a Jew : she nervousiy flip through the page , pause on one near the end . as she read , she unconsciosly begin to hum a tune under she breath . it turn into : int . east side theater - onstage - night the show be similar to the Rocky horror show - wildly make - up and costume , CC sing the final song , a show -stopper , whieh include the entire chorus . when the song end , the theater ' suddenly go completely dark , then the houselight go up and the audience , compose primarily of downtown type and a sprinkle of critic , go crazy . the entire company be assemble onstage , with CC at the center of the line . as the applause continue undiminished , they bow deeply , then as CC straighten up camera move in close on her . the actor on eitherside of she gently prod she for - ward so she be stand alone , just in front of the line , and the applause turn into cheer and a stand ovation . she suddenly break into a smile , she face light with wild excitement and triumph . CC be finally on she way . match shot . 39 . int . east side theater - backstage ~ night a large , noisy party be underway . close on CC . still in costume and make - up , she be try to appear happy in spite of the fact that she be utterly miserable . ce ( stiff smile ) happy ? I be out of my mine with happiness : this be the most wonderful night of my life : camera pull back to include the party and hillary , who seem to be oblivious to CC 's state . hillary ( warm , excited ) when you first appear I actually cry . I could not . help it . you be like a stranger up there , a ... John suddenly appear with a bottle of champagne . JOHN ( cut in , happy ) refill anyone ? : hillary quickly turn and smile brilliantly at he . hillary ( hold out glass ) you be a genius : where do you find more champagne ? cc {acid ) in the office where he put the fifteen case he buy this afternoon . they teach he how to do it at Yale . John and hillary be only aware of each other . JOHN ( to hillary ) you know , it 's the strangest thing , but I can not shake the feel that I know you well . : hillary I know , I feel the same way about you . I wonder why ? 40 . ec that 's obvious : you must have meet in a former life : ( bitter laugh ) I be sure it have nothing to do with the fact that [ talk about both of you incessantly . John and hillary look at she with puzzle frown , then John turn back to hillary . JOHN how 's the campaign go ? hillary ( excited ) well , it 's amazing . I be way behind but the latest poll show I run even ! I have a good chance of win : JOHN ( intense ) I really respect what you be do , you know ? it make all this , the theater , art , seem trivial somehow . have a deep social committment make ... CC suddenly shove she glass in front of he face . ce ( hard ) I thirsty : more cham - pagne , please . he look . at she as if she be a wild animal as he refill she glass . at that moment , . a actor appear , wear he coat and carry - ing a great stack of newspaper . actor * okay , everybody , this be it : as he toss the papers on a chair . , people rip they up , open to the review , include CC and John , everything else temporarily forget . several people crush around each paper , read avidly over one another 's shoulder , etc . a actor ' head snap up . actor the Voice say it 's the musical of the decade : 41 . cc ( read ) we get a rave from the News : John look up from the New York Times . JOHN John Simon say it be fresh . ( scattered laughter ) he also make special man - tion of CC Bloom 's perfor - mance , which he call promis - ing . ( John lift he glass ) to a great playwright and a@ great company : cheer , everyone drink . . actor to a long run : more cheer and drink . ce and to a great theater director : as she turn to drink to John she face fall . he be lead hillary away from the other , engage in inti - mate conversation . CC look completely heartbroken as she downs she champagne in one desperate swallow . ext . CC and hillary's loft - dawn a squad car cruise along the desert street and pull to a halt in front of the loft . the door open and CC stumble out dress in the same clothes , but now soaking wet and carry she shoe , she have sodden confetti and streamer in she hair , which be matte and drip , she stocking be shred and she make - up be smear . she be carry she coat . ce ( shrill ) I do not have to sleep anything off and I be tell you for the last time I be not the ring - leader : fhe slam the police car deor shut and stumble into the oft . 42 . int . loft - dawn - hillary be curl up in a chair near the window , wrap in a blanket , drink coffee and lose in she own , very happy thought as we hear a few crash in the hallway . the lock on the door be throw and CC walk in . hillary sit up in shock . billary my God : what happen to you ?: cc head for she sleep area without look at hillary . ec ( flat ) some people and I go ' for a swim in the Central Park boat Pond . hillary hesitates , then get up , wrap the bianket around herself and follow cc . int . cc' sleeping area - dawn CC be get out of she wet clothes and into a robe when hillary walk in . hillary ( excited ) do not you want to know what happen to I ? CC give she a quick glance , then turn away as she start remove she smear make -up. cc ( flat ) wnat happen to you ? hillary sink down onto she bed . hillary everything . I just spend the most wonderful night of my life . CC keep she face turn away . ec ( quick , low ) with John ? hillary lean back and shut she eye . 43.. hillary ( dreamy ) with john. oh , CC , it be so incredibly romantic . we get & room at the Plaza , have @ magnum of champagne send up '' he 's a incredible lover , we do not sleep all ... ce ( sudden , harsh ) Hand I that brash , will you ? hillary sit up , find the brush on the bedside table and hand it to CC . CC quickly start brush she hair , she back carefully turn to hillary . cc {sudden , light ) so do the two of you fail in love ? hillary I do not know ... we just meet really ... ° ( soft , happy ) we will . cc be now brush she hair very , very hard . hillary oh , by the way , my father 's get some bug and I have to go to Boston for a couple of day . will you water my plant while I be go ? CC hesitates in she brush , she back turn , then she turn to look at hillary , in torment . she finally sink down into a chair with a sigh , pull confetti out of she hair dejectedly . ec oh , sure . we be friend , be not we , .? int . loft - morning wearing a robe and dark glass , CC water hillary 's lush plant . int . rappaport's dairy restaurant - day CC and John be have lunch in the crowded restaurant . ce . I be tell you , thi be changin '' for not ? '' some - body ask for my autograph : 44 , JOHN you be recognize by someone in the street ?: cc well , no , by the janitor who work in the theater but , believe I , he 's a very picky guy . john'leok away . they eat in silence for a moment , then : JOHN any word ? ce about what ? he stare at she . she look oat the window . cc ( £lat ) her father take a turn for the worse . she have to stay in Boston long than ex - pect . int . loft - morning wearing a robe and dark glass , CC water hillary 's plant . they look much less lush . she find a couple of dead or and toss they into the trash . int , beacon hill house ~ night tne silent house be beautifully decorate with antique , Morris paper , aubusson carpet , etc . while she avidly read a letter , hillary climb the sta ir to the second floor carry a dinner tray , camera following . cc ( v.0 . ) I be sorry you have to drop out of the city council race , bat do not lose heart . you father will be better soon and you can run again . hillary open a bedroom door and enter . int . bedroom - night it be dimly light . she put down the tray , glance anxiously at the bed where we see a shadowy figure asleep under the cover , then sink into a chair and go back to the letter . 45 . ec ( v.0 . ) do I tell you ? there 's talk of take the show to Broadway : I can not be - lieve it : all my dream be come true : hillary look up with a sad , lose face . int , ' theater - backstage - night we can hear the audience out front as the orchestra play the overture . CC emerge from she cubbyhole dress room and start walk toward the wing . John appear behind she . _jorn where the hell be you all day yesterday ? he walk with she . cc Long Island . — wny ? JOHN I call you about twenty time . ce oh , yeah ? how come ? he stare at she , then laugh slightly in surprise and embarrassment . JOHN I guess I miss you . ( they stare at : each other ) want to have dinner again after the show ? ec ( soft , thrilled ) . yeah . sure . as she start to walk away : JOHN by the way , any news ? ec ( flat , over shoulder ) the funeral be yesterday . she have to stay a while longer to settle the estate with she father 's lawyer . 46 . int . cc' loft - morning wearing @ robe and dark glass , she fill a kettle with water and walk over to hillary 's plant . they be dead , ec ( sad sigh ) suicide . she put the kettle down and climb back into bed where she resume read a letter . hillary ( v.0 . ) . Michael be not just my father 's lawyer , he be the son my father never have and in my father 's final day it give he great joy to see we together . the ceremoney be civil and we wedding recep - tion small , but it be lovely . the only flaw be you absence , but I understand the show must go on . by the way , how 's John ? do you see much of he socially ? int . john' bedroom - dawn first light filter in through the open window along with the occasional metallic crash from garbage be collect . a fan turn overhead and John be under a sheet , fast asleep , he arm around CC , who be wide awake and stare into space . she finally turn to he . cc dohn ...? JOHN mmmm ... ec last night . when we be make love . do you say you love I ? pause . John 's eye open . JOHN what ? ce I think I hear you say you love I . do you ? JOHN yes , cc be that usual ? - 46a , JOHN what do you mean ? ec do you say it to everyone ? be it part of you routine ? JOHN I do not have a routine and I have not say it to anyone in ten year . ce ( amaze ) be that true ? JOHN ( offended ) I may be a womanizer , CC , I be not a liar . she stare at he , then slowly begin to smile . cc ( warm , happy ) oh , good , because I just have the most wonderful idea . . JOHN ( warm , happy ) oh , yeah ? what 's that ? int . new york CITY hall - indian summer day CC , look ecstatic , be stand in front of a judge , wear @ thirty yachting suit and clutching a small bouquet . John , look panicky , stand next to she dress in a summer suit and tie . they be flanke by two witness they drag in off the street . juige by the power vested in I by the State of New York I now pronounce you man and wife . cc and John slowly turn to look at each other , then CC suddenly slap he hard in the face , jchn what the hell do you do that for ?: ec ( in tear ) because this be the happiest manent of my entire life and I never want you to forget it ! 47 . int . boston shuttle departure lounge - LA guardia airport - night - the present it be empty except for a few trap businessmen asleep in chair . wrapped in she fur coat , CC stand at the window gaze out at the airfield , which be shroud by a deep blanket of snow . the snow be still fall heavily . she turn and walk past the chair up to the desk where a lone attendant be read . . cc ( desperate ) any change ? ( read , shaking head ) absolutely nothing 's tak - ing off , not even private plane : attendant ( bored , read ) that 's right . she sigh with exasperation and despair , then start back to the window . as she pass one of the sleep business — man , she notice the headline at the top of & newspaper section which be spread over he face . it read " gershwin in bloom = CC triumph in Carnegie Hall . " she snatch up the paper and start read the review . he moan and she pat he shoulder comfortingly , he smile , then she unceremoniously drop the paper back over he face and be - turn to she post by the window . she stare back out at the snow with a anxious face , she forehead press against the glass . camera move in on cc' face . ext . broadway - day close on hillary's face at exactly the same angle . she be stare up at something with a strange intensity , complete ly lose in she own thought . camera slowly pull back to take in the heavy traffic , the crowd and finally a enor - mous billboard show CC as she character in the show from the East side theater , which have move to Broadway , it be sro . people shove past she , knock she about a bit , ~ but she be oblivious to everything but the billboard and she thought . she be dress very conservatively . her husband , michael hamilton , a handsome man in he early thirty , also very conservatively dress , be stand next to a taxi with the door open . michael hillary : ( no response ) hillary , wake up : I have get a taxi : 48 . she come to with a jolt . hillary sorry , Michael : she quickly climb into the cab and he climb in after she . as it pull away from the curb , we see that the license plate have 1974 sticker . ext . central park west - day camera follows the taxi as it cruise through traffic and finally pull to a halt in front of a old , elegant build - ing . hillary and Michael climb out of the cab and enter the building . she take in she surroundings with a tense , guard lock on she face . int . CC and john' apartment - hallway - day the place have clearly be put together by a decorator and although tasteful it have a sterile quality to it . everything be overdo , expensive and new . wearing a very trendy designer outfit , CC be attempt to beat back a violently lung , very large , great dane puppy with a newspaper as she , Michael and hillary edge they way toward the live room . hillary ( tense , bright ) I be so happy to finally see you : : ec . ( fierce ) : down , Arthur , down : ( tense , bright ) I know ! it 's be age : ' ( plead to dog ) sit , Arthur , please sit honey dog , sit for CC ... ( to Michael ) it 's so exciting to finally meet you , Michael . ( swinging at dog , shriek ) sit you brain - damage bag of bone or I will have you gass : as the live room door slam shut behind they Arthur hit it with a shudder crash . int . live room ~ day CC spin around with a brilliant smile on she face . 49 . cc welcome a chez nous : Michael have walk over to the window ' overlook the park as he take off he coat . michael what a view of the city . spectacular . cc ( brag ) our be the only apartment with that view from every '' window . aturally , we pay through the nose , but it 's worth every penny . ( dramatic ) I could not bear that downtown squalor another minute . hillary be look at she with narrow eye , but before she can speak John dart into the room and quickly slam the door shut behind he . there be another shudder crash as the dog 's body hit the wood . hillary turn toward he with excitement . jonn : = '' John quickly turn and he face light up with pleasure as he walk over to she . CC be watch they like a hawk . JOHN hillary . my god. ( study she ) I have not see you since the night the play open , have I ..? as the memory flood back , hillary blushes . hillary " ( flustered smile ) no . it 's be a long time . JOHN ( warm ) you have not change . still as beautiful as ever . as they move to embrace , CC suddenly step between they , grab John 's arm and yank he over to Michael , leave hillary off balance . 50 . ce John ! you have not meet Michael yet : Michael Hamilton , John chase . as the two man shake hand , CC dart a worried lock at hillary whose they stare at sweetly . hillary look eye be already on CC . for a split-second each other with mistrust , then CC smile ec so what do you think of the place , Hill ? not exactly the old loft on Green Street , be it ? around the room cooly . hillary no , it 's not . it 's all bowee ( sweet smile ) as . int , taxi - night hillary , Michael , CC and John be dress for a night on the town , " hillary ( irritate ) no . I do not miss politics at all . why would I ? ec ( insistant ) because it mean so much to you , that 's why . michael it 's a little hard to have a@ corporate lawyer and a liberal politician in the game household . ( pleasant laugh ) someone have to do the enter - tain . hillary quickly look at John . hillary ( strain , bright ) what have you be do , John ? 51 . JOHN the usual . mounting new production and send they on to Broadway . the company 's have a great year . hillary ( intense , admire ) - if I be in the theater I would want to be like you : you have a artistic inte - grity that seem to be lack - ing in ... - ( darting a look at cc ) »eein bo many other . cc have not miss this . she slowly - turn to she with a brittle smile . ec so tell I , dear , just . what do you do with yourself all day now that you be a house - wife ? hillary turn to she with cold eye . hillary I beg you pardon ? cc I would go crazy do nething : ( confide to Michael ) but then I have always be a very energetic person . ( to hillary ) do not you get bored sitt - ing around the house all day ? hillary ( sharp ) no , because I do not sit around the house all day . I '' a extremely busy person . the taxi have pull to a halt in front of twenty - one . before the doorman can reach they , hillary slam the taxi - door open and step out , she lip a thin line . ext . STREET outside twenty - ose - night as they approach and enter the restaurant : 52 . ce do what ? hillary I beg you parden ? cc how do you keep busy ? do what ? . JOHN ( tense laugh ) what be this , CC ? the Spanish inquisition ? co ( defensive ) we have not see each other for awhile . I just want to know how she spend she time . be that a crime ? he give she a warning look and she look away with wounded innocence . int , twenty - one - night as they enter hillary dart and check they coat : hillary ( clipped ) I spend it work on var - ious charity , I be on the board of the junior League , the stately Homes preserva - tion Society and I be a docent at the art musuem . michael ( helpful ) do not forget you horticul - ture class . he a irritate look . cc ( soft ) horticulture class ..? hillary ( sharp ) you may not be aware of it , but gardening happen to be a art : . 53. cc stare at she , then shrug slightly . cc hey . who 's criticize . the important thing be you be happy , right ? hillary take Michael 's arm . hillary iam : I be very , very , very happy : at that moment , the head waiter rush up to CC and John . head waiter ( fawn ) Mr. chase , miss Bloom : we have get you favorite table ready for you : as the head waiter lead they inside hillary smile at no one , clutching Michael 's be . hillary mery happy : '' int . cc' live room - afternoon wearing casual clothes , CC and hillary sit across from one another with grim face play card . they silently snap up ecard and slap they down . hillary ( slamm down hand ) gin : she count CC 's point , then while CC rapidly shuffles the card , hillary add they on a pad . ec who 's win ? . hillary tt be : ¢¢ start deal so hard and fast you can barely see the card . we hear the front door open and close . JOHN ( v.02 ) anybody home ? cc ( clipped ) in here : , . 54. without a word to each other , they pick up they card and start arrange they with sharp snap . John appear in the doorway and stop with surprise . JOHN you be still play card ?: they start play . ce yes . she rapidly rearrange she card and discard . JOHN you be play when I leave this morning : ( silence ) want to stop and have a late lunch ? ce ido not . hillary ? + hillary no , thanks . he watch they for a moment . they play in a grim , deter - mine silence , as if engage in a life and death battle . ce ' ( triumphant shriek ) gin : as she slam down she card , he walk out . int . henri bendel be - day cc and hillary walk through the ground floor of the crowd - ed department store glance at thing as they talk . ec ( use lip - stick tester ) this be a great color on I , be not it ? hillary be check nail polish color . hillary I guess . ee ~ ( snap ) well , be it or be not it ? hillary slam the nail polish down a Little too hard , 55 . hillary no , it 's not . it make you look like @ corpse . be that specific enough for you ? they walk on in silence for a moment , try to put & damper on they temper . hillary pick up @ hat and try it on . cc ( sudden , desper - eat ) I have get a great idea ! let 's get a facial : hillary ( put hat back ) ica not . Michael 's meeting end in a hour and we have to leave for the airport . cc suddenly pick up a baby 's snowsuit make to look like a teddy bear . ec oh , Hill , look : be not this divine ? hillary very sweet . ( unguard ) I can not wait to have a baby . ce ( emotional ) be you do it soon ? hillary ( nappy nod ) absolutely . have child be the most important thing to I . I would feel incomplete without they . cc I know what you mean . hillary ( surprised ) you do ? cc ( defensive ) sure , I do . Way would not I ? 56 . hillary ( superior ) I just . do not think someone like you would care about child . you be 80 obsessed with you career and ali . ce ( sharp ) I be not obsessed and just because I work do not mean that '' someone like I " do not want kid : hillary ( sharper ) wanting then and caring for they properly be two differ - ent thing . have child * be a full time job . cc ( hard ) for some people : hillary ( harder ) : yes . the one who take the responsibility seriously and do not just have child to gratify they overwean ego : cc ( explode ) what the hell be go on here ?: people turn to look at then . hillary ( furious hiss ) will you please lower you voice ?: cc no , I will not : I want to know what 's eat you : you have be a total bitch ever since you arrive in New York : hiluary ( furious ) I could say the same about you ! ce ( superior ) I have simply be reacting to you : 57 . hillary ( sudden , cold ) oh , for God 's sake , CC , do not you get it ? we have nothing in common anymore . it happen to the best of friend and it 's happen to we . we have grow apart and it 's time to accept it . ec you be wrong . we have not grow apart . you have fall apart . hillary ( icey ) I do not think I want to pursue this . ( turn , head for exit ) s50 long , CC . take care . ec ( sudden , loud ) oh , no , you do not , you stick - up little witch : you be not get off that easy : ( go after she angry ) when you father die he take the best of you with he , my old friend : ( grab she arm , tarning she ) you try to be a interest - ing person for a while , but you could not take the heat : at the first sign of trouble , you cave in , revert back to type ! you be nothing but a tight - ass , small - minded little snob this day : hillary ( low , vicious ) . how would a pretentious little climber like you know that ? ec ( harsh ) experience ! and I know what 's eathing you too : plain , old - fashioned jealousy : 58. hillary ( contemptuous ) jealousy ? of what ? you raw ambition ? you new money ? you marriage of convenience ? ec ( low , mortally wounded ) my what ? hillary ( furious ) every time John look at I you come apart at the seam : what 's the problem ? be you afraid he do not love you ? arve you afraid you get he by default ? cc stare at she . ce ( low , even ) maybe I be , but at least I belong to myself , which be more than I can say for you . rt be do what I want to do , remember ? free at last , free at last ? I be live the life you want to live but do not have the courage for , so do not tell I you be not jealous . you be s0 jealous you can hardly breathe . CC suddenly turn and walk out . as she vanish inte the crowd on the street , hillary become aware of people stare at she . she casually pretend to examine some stocking , but as she pick they up she hand be shaking . int . plane - sunset hillary and Michael sit side by side as the plane level off after take - off . he be work on a file and she be calmly read a magazine . when the seat belt light snap off she calmly undoe she belt and get up . hillary I will be right back . he nod without look up from the file . she walk off down the aisle toward the bathroom . int . plane bathroom ~ sunset eee 59 . hillary walk in , pull the door shut and lock it , then suddenly double over . as she be sweep by great wrack sob . int . CC and john' live room - sunset the light be almost go . they sit on the couch look cut the window at the park , the dog stretch out asleep on they lap . John have he arm around CC and it be ob - vious she have be cry for a long time . pause , then : ec ( sudden ) if she have not go back to Boston , would you have end up with she instead of I ? JOHN would you believe I if I say no ? cc ( soft ) no. JOHN : then why bother ask the question . pause , ec ( soft ) what will I do without a best friend ..? JOHN ocomfort hug ) you have I . she look at he levingly , then look back out at the park . cc ° ( low ) it 's not the same . they sit silently , hold each other , as the last light fade . close on banner of boston globe newspaper as it bounce along in a canvas bag of other papers . the date read May 15 , 1976 . a hand reach into the bag and yank the paper out . pull back as : 60 . ext , beacon hill STREET - boston - day a newspaper boy on a bike move along the tree-shade street toss papers onto the front step of perfectly restore and meticulously maintain 18th century town - house . camera stays on one as the paper land . a moment pass , the door open and hillary come out . in spite of the fact that she face be pale and draw with unhappiness , . she be still beautiful . she pick up the paper and go back inside , int . front hallway - day it be furnish almost exactly as it be when it belong to she father . listlessly read the headline , hillary wander down the hall to the kitchen . int . kitchen - day dress for work , Michael be at the table finish up breakfast . hillary walk in and sit down , still read the paper , then as Michael get up and start gather he thing together to leave : : hillary ( read , dull ) come home for dinner tonight ? michael ( distant ) I doubt it . I be swamp with work , ( force interest ) wnat be you do today ? . hillary ( read , dull ) I have another appointment at the infertility clinic and I have to buy a wrench . he stare at she . michael a wrench ? why ? she look at he . hillary we do not have one . he stare at she , give she a light kiss on the cheek and walk out . she go back to the paper . close on television screen 61 . on screen , a few depressed - look people sit at table in a seedy nightclub as a ruin - look emcee with very large , white cap introduce the next act . there be a drum roll , the curtain part and CC emerge to applause and whis - tle from a larger audience we can not see . as she go into a routine which be a witty take - off on she day as a cabaret singer at the Dew Drop Inn , camera slowly pull bag and we realize we be in hillary 's bedroom . she be sit on the floor in front of the t.v. watch CC with long . a moment pass , then we hear : michael ( call v.0 . ) hillary ?: she turn the sound down guiltily and rush out of the room . int , hallway - night she lean over the bannister to see Michael look up at she from the first floor . michael ( amaze ) be you watch television ? hillary no , of course not . I be . just in the bathroom . michael we guest be get ready to leave . . , hillary I will be right down . as he walk away , she rush back into the bedroom . int . hillary's bedroom - night she rush to the t.v. and turn the sound up slightly , but CC 's performance be over . as the end credit roll and applause continue , CC mill around the stage of Saturday ~ night live with other member of the cast . hillary stare at she with hungry long , then reach out and gentiy touch she on -screen figure with she finger tip . it vanish and be replace by a commercial . int . michael be study - day Michael be stretch out cn the couch watch the tennis match at wimbledon when hillary appear in the doorway . hillary it 's time . 62 . Michael get up with a exasperate sigh and back out of the room , eye on the t.v. int . hillary and michael' bedroom - day they try to make love with as much enthusiasm as two piece of wood . Michael fall away from she . michael ioca not . I be sorry , but I just can not . they both stare at the ceiling for a moment . michael mind if I go back to wimbledon ? she shake she head ' no . ' he be out of bed , into a robe and out the door like a shot . she remain in bed , stare at the ceiling . close on a portrait of CC in the Sunday New York Times Magazine section for June , 1976 . it be part of a inter - view . the magazine section be strewn on top of a pile of Sunday papers , a straw hat , a cluster of wild flower , small overnight bag complete with umbrella , tennis racket and shoe - the accoutrement of a weekend in the country . all this be toss onto the seat of a move car . pull back . int . hillary's BMW - rainey morning dress in country clothes and a slicker , hillary drive down she street and park in front of she house . ext , hillary's house - rainey morning as she jump fran the car , clutching she weekend gear , a older couple emerge from the house next door dress for church . woman you be back early from the country . hillary ( run up front _ step ) Michael stay in town and it would not stop raining : absolutely dismal weekend : she open the door with she key and go inside . int , front hallway - rainey morning 63 . she dump she thing on a chair and walk briskly toward the kitchen . hillary ( call out ) Michael ! be you here ? she walk into the kitchen and stop . int , kitchen - rainey morning Michael and a very pretty young woman , both in bathrobe , be sit at the table over breakfast . they all stare at each other , transfix . hillary that 's my robe . ext . miami beach road - day a limo drive along the road , which be line with large , garish apartment complex , it pull to a halt in front of one of the biggest and most vulgar . ext , apartment complex - day the driver jump out , , run around to the passenger side and pull the rear door open . there be the sound of a struggle , curse , bark , then Arthur , now fully grow , leap from the car yanking CC out after he . she be wear - ing dark glass , a very extreme fendi leather suit with enormous padded shoulder , stud and a extremely tight skirt and very high heel , upon which she can barely bal - ance , the driver grab the leash and struggle to restrain the dog while CC regains she balance . she lift she glass and look at the building with horror , then replace they . cc I will be back . driver ( hold out leash ) do you want the dog ? ce do I want small pox ? she stumble up the step and pass through the main entrance of the building into the courtyard . her skirt be 64 . so narrow at the knee she be force to take very tiny step . ext . courtyard - day it be vast and dominate by a large swim pool . it be pack with old people sit on beach chair , fully dress and shield from the sun by hat and umbrella , play game . CC stumble along between the table , peer - ing around as if she be look for someone . ext . courtyard - day - anoth :r angle four women be sit around a table under a umbrella play backgammon . one of they be leona , who be fatter and more horribly dress than ever . CC appear behind she , stumbling along through the maze of table . while leona shake the dice , the woman next to she catch sight of cc . other woman oh , my God , will you look at that slut : leona glance behind she , suddenly stop shaking the dice , lean back in she seat and start scream in short fran - tic burst . the other woman look at she with alarm . women what 's wrong ? : leona : be it you heart , you bunion ? what hurt ? leona : why be you scream ? what be it ?! leona struggle to she foot and throw she arm out drama - tically . leona ( shriek ) it 's my daughter the Broad - way star ! she start run toward CC , which be not a easy task for a woman she size , arm throw out and still scream . CC suddenly freeze and look as if she be about to turn and run in the opposite direction , but leona reach she before she can move and throw she arm around CC . leona ( hysterical ) I can not believe it 's you ! I can not believe you be here : it 's like a gift from God : a dream come true : 65 . CC gently struggle out of she death grip . cc I just see you a month ago in New York , leona . leona ( somber ) at my age a month mean a lot . it could be all I have . ( excited ) be he with you ? cc who ? leona who ? , who else : the man of my dream , that handsome hus - band of yours , adorable John : where be he ? cc I leave hin . leona stare at she in shock , then shake she head in des - . pair . . leona I do not believe it . af - ter only three year .. ( sad sigh ) why would you walk , sweetie ? be it another woman . .? CC look away , fight back tear , obviously very upset . ce no , it 's more complicated than that .. leona ( kind ) teil I , honey , get it off you chest . do he smack you around ? cc no ! ( leok away , upset ) something just die between we , that 's all ... he use to care about what happen to I and .. I do not know . he just stop pay attention to I . 66 . leona stare at she , then turn and start waddling back to the table , laugh softly to herself . CC go after she . ec ( disturb ) why be you laugh , leona ? leona never mind . i'11 get my purse and we will go upstairs to the apartment . ce ( frantic ) tell I why you be laugh : wny do you laugh when I say that ?: leona turn to look at she with a sigh . leona honey , why do you think I be live in Florida ? cc you like the sun . leona I do not give a shit about the sun . I be here because it 's peaceful . ( kind ) you want too much attention , cc . you want so much atten - tion all the time from every - body that you wear people out . you wear I and you father out by the time you be fifteen . I love you , but sometimes I just can not pay any more attention to you , do you know what I mean ? I want to , but I just can not do it . ( deep sigh ) if I be you I would not leave anybody for not pay attention to you because sooner or later you will have to leave everybody . cc stand stare after leona with a frighten expression on she face as leona walk back to the table . ext . central park west - day a taxi pull up to the curb in front of CC 's building and she jump out , wear the same clothes and accompany 67 . by Arthur . barely keep she grip on a small suitcase , she struggle past the doorman into the building , shouting command at the hysterical animal which it completely ig - nore , . int . CC and john' apartment ~- day '' we hear a key in the leck , then the door open and CC be pull in by the dog . she gratefully drop the suitcase to the floor . ce ( happy shout ) John : I be back : where . be you ? : there be no answer as she release the dog from the leash . she straighten up and glance around anxiously as he run off down the hall , ec ( soft , scared ) John ..? silence . camera following she walk down the hall and turn into he study . picture have be remove from the wall and shove clumsily into box , along with book , script , ete . ext . STREET outside of east side theater - day CC walk rapidly down the seedy street with a set , tense expression on she face , stare at the sidewalk as she go . when she reach the theater she hesitates , almost as if she be afraid of enter , then she run up the step and go inside . int . east side theater - lounge - day the place be empty . CC walk down the hall to John 's office . int . john' office - day CC stop in the doorway . the room be empty , but a couple of open suitcase hold John 's clothes sit on the couch . she hear a noise in the main part of the theater . int . MAIN part of theater - day holding a seript , John be move some furniture around on @ set when CC burst into the room , ce : ( upset ) I have be look everywhere for you : 68 . he tarn and look at she calmly as she walk over to he . JOHN I be restaging the third '' act of fly by night . it 's too stiff . she stare at he , shake by he cool composure , then walk over to he slowly . ce ( nervous ) how come you pack you thing ? , ( small laugh ) not move out , be you ? jonn yes . I a . they stand stare at each other , then she sink down onto the set couch . - ce ( desperate ) I be only kid when I leave : . I never mean to stay away for good ! waen she get no response , she eye begin to fill with tear , then with a deep sob she slowly lower she face to she knee . John quickly sit down next to she and gently stroke she hair as she cry , ce why be this happen ? he shrug , very upset . JOHN we want different thing out of life , that 's all . ce but I lwe you . JOHN T know . I love you too . ( slightly amaze ) do you realize I be ac~ tually faithful to you all this time ? she straighten up . 69 . ce ( astonished ) you be kid . I always think you be have affair . they ponder this surprising bit of information for a mo - ment , then she look at he . she stare cc ( heartbroken ) then why be everything fall apart ? JOHN Love 's not enough . ( leok away ) my idea of what 's important and yours be not the - same . ( faint smile ) let 's just say I be not a uptown type . ce Big deal ; we will live down - town : . | sohn ( impatient ) that 's not what I mean . ( intense ) I do not care about success the way you do , CC . move into the main stream do not interest I . ce ( suddenly angry ) why not ? : be you such a great artist you be too good for it or something ?: JOHN ( tough ) I be just more interested in other thing - the work itself , discover what 's new , take a chance on the unknown . ( pause , quieter ) do not you get it ? I do not want to go where you be go - ing . I would just be along for the ride and that 's not how I want to spend my life . at he , shake by he word . 70 . ce {small voice ) okay . I will not go . JOHN {faint smise ) you be already go , cecilia . you be long go . her eye fill with tear as they stare at each other . cc ( heartbroken ) better lucky than good , huh ..? John reach out and gently move she hair away from she face . . . JOHN yeah . better lucky than good . they stare at each other , then they hold eacn other , rock slightly , as she cry . she lean back to look at he . cc ( small voice ) will you take Arthur ...? JOHN ( horrify ) be you out of you mind ? they go back to hold each other . John 's eye have tear in they . close on a almond joy as a woman 's hand rip it up from a make - up strewn counter and frantically tear the wrapper off . woman ( v.0 . ) you obviously do not use the tea bag com - press I recommend , int . make - up trailer - SOUND stage = day wearing a robe , CC sit in front of a mirror clutching the candy bar while a tough - look woman in late middle - age paint she face . CC look terrible - overweight , skin pasty , eye puffy , hair brittle , ete . ce sure I do . they be smaller , be not they ? 71 . woman smaller ? that be not bag under you eye , honey , that 's luggage . cc glare at she as she take a large bite of the candy bar , int . SOUND stage - movie set - day a scene be in progress and be be watch by a silent crew , the set be a seedy hotel room . CC sit on the bed dress in a cheap wrapper , look like a tart , while a man she age get dress . ee ( lighting cig - arette , upset ) how can you just leave , freddie ? the only thing that keep I go be wait - ing for you to come back ... ( jump up , stubb - ing out cigarette ) this do not work for I : the other actor spin around with a groan and slam he fist against the wall as the buzzer sound , the stage ex ~ _plode with noise and the director , a pinch - look man in middle - age , walk over to she with a lethal look on he face , director what 's wrong this time ?: ce I just would not do that : director ( soft , explosive ) do what ..? cc beg that asshole to stick around after he screw my sister and steal my winnebago ; I be not that kind of person : I mean , why would someone like I ever do such a pathetic thing ?: director ( suddenly scream ) because you be play a pro - titute name Loretta , not you - self , so will you please just worry about the terrifying way you look this day and let I worry about the script : 72 . ec ( shouting ) how can I ? the script be al - _ most as shitty as you direc= tion : he stare at she , then suddenly slap she hard in the face . everyone on the set freeze in shock . she recover she balance , then as she eye fill with tear of pain and hum - iliation , she suddenly swing hard and punch he full in the face . he go down like a piece of lead . in« . hillary's kitchen - boston = day it be a complete mess . her hair stringy and uncomb , hillary sit at the counter in front of a small t.v. which be tune to a soap opera , look through a paper . she be dress in a ratty housecoat over a even rattier nigit - gown , argyle anklet and large fuzzy slipper and she face have a haggard cast to it . a moment pass and a shanty — irish clean woman in she fifty , maura , wear a slo - venly uniform , walk in with a light cigarette stick in she mouth and a armload of dirty sheet which she drop on the floor near the sink . she go to the counter and pour herself more coffee . maura anything happen ? hillary glance at she with dull eye . hillary yes . they have to call the paramedics for anita 's back and Glenn take the job at the ear dealership after all . maura sit down and open a tabloid . they read in silence for a moment , listen to the soap . maura ( read , soft ) amazing . hillary wnat ? maura ( read , smoking ) accord to this article Russian scientist replace a human eye with a fish eye and it work . maura ! at '' 73 . maura yeah ? hillary you do not do any laundry last week . will you be sure i to finish it today ? maura ( read , smoking ) ! sure , honey . I be just wait - ' ing for some of that harden dirt to come off that dish in the sink and I will start on the colored . ' * before hillary can object , the front doorbell ring . she do leap out of she seat in a panic . '' _ hillary : you have to answer that : i it could be he : i . maura | ( leok up ) -o who ? hillary ( frantic ) Mr. Hamilton : iz do not want ' he to see I like this : maura ( go back to paper , disgust ) you always say that and it 's never he . he have not even call you once since he move in with the other one . hillary ( shrill fury ) who care ? : I tell you to answer the door and I want you to answer it now ! maura slowly look up from she paper , deeply offended . maura you have no right to talk ~~ to I that way , Mrs. Hamilton , just because I have have a less fortunate life than you have . the doorbell ring again . hillary glare at she , then 74 . spin on she heel and stalk from the room . maura go back to she paper with a insulted sniff . int . front hallway - day it be also a mess . hillary reach the door , hesitates anxiously , smoothing she hair and rearranging she dread - ful housecoat , then , she back very straight and head hold high , she pull open the door . she stare in shock . CC stare back apprehensively look even worse than she do on the movie set , wear & voluminous sweat suit and very dark glass , a taxi be wait in the street . hillary ( stunne ) ec : ec ( nervous smile ) the one and only . Long . time no see , huh ? hillary stare at she with daze , unbely eye . hillary yes . very long . ( soft ) you look terrible . cc oh , yeah ? well , you be not exactly a fashion plate you - self , you know ? ( hillary 's eye £ill with tear ; apologetic ) do not cry , for God 's ke , I do not mean it : most of the time you be a great dresser : not exactly a pio - neer in the color department maybe , but .... hiliary ( emotional , battle sob ) oh , CC , you have no idea how much I have miss you : will you ever forgive I for that terrible thing I say ?: ec ( emotional , be - lieve ) I forgive you ? : I come here to ask you to forgive I : 75 . hillary for what ? all you do be tell the truth . I be so jealous of you for do everything you say you be go to do I could not see straight . {low , ashamed ) and because John be so ob - viously in love with you . ec ( misexable shrug ) yeah , well , that 's all water under the bridge now . we break up . oh , no : '' '' cc nod , then sink down onto the step . hillary sit down next to she . ec it really do I in . tf be so wreck they shut down my first movie . hillary ( aghast ) wnat happen ? cc ( defensive ) I be a little edgey , that 's all , and it 's not my medium , you know ? ( pause , quick ) I also break the director 's jaw . ( eye fill with tear ) oh , but that 's not the worst of it ... ( choke ) . Arthur be hit by a laundry truck . hillary ( sympathetic ) I be so sorry : ce . ( ery ) he die ... ( snap finger ) just like that : 76 . hillary at least he do not suffer , ce ( torture ) no , but the thing be I al - way think I hate he when I really love he so I never show it : he never know how much I really care ! hillary ( reassure ) I be sure he guess . you . must not torture yourself about it now . ( pause ) cc ? cc ( wiping eye ) yeah ? . hillary wno 's Arthur ? . ec quickly look at she , then throw she arm around she old friend with a happy laugh . hillary look ce oh , God , I have miss you : ( pull back , surprised ) you be so fat ! hillary I be not fat . ( open robe ) I be have a baby . cc ( in shock ) what ..? down at she stomach with a strange detachment . hillary I be five month pregnant . ( look up , break - ing into sob , almost incoherent ) after he leave I for the chiro - practor we meet to discuss the di - 77 . hillary ( cont would . ) vorce and that 's when it happen except he do not want it because he 's go to marry she . ce , ( seft , appal ) he leave you for a chiroprac - tor and you be have a baby on you own ....? hillary neds as she sob uncontrollably . CC break into a delighted smile . . ce ( ecstatic ) oh , hillary : if it 's a girl will . you name she after I ? int , episcopal cathedral - sunday morning it be pack with a very well - heele congregation attend - ing a service , wearing dark glass and a vast , shroud - like outfit , she hair a wild explosion around she face , CC stand next to hillary , read from a hymn book as she sing along with the other . everyone ( sing ) and do the countenance Divine shine forth upon we cloud hill ? | and be Jerusalem build here among that dark satanic mill ? hillary suddenly grab CC 's hand and put it on she sto - mach . as she sing , CC slowly turn to look at she with a@ smile of delight and wonder . everyone ( sing ) bring I my bow of burn gold bring I my arrow of desire bring I my spear - of cloud , unfold ! bring I my chariot of fire ! int . nursery - day hillary be on a step - ladder hang lace curtain . CC sit on . the floor put baby clothes into a bureau , hum to herself . they work in a companionable silence . ext . hillary's back garden ~ night . 78 . - everything be bloom . hillary be in a chair and cc be stretch out on the grass gaze up at the night sky . pause . hillary ( sudden ) cc ? ce what ? hillary ( soft , worried ) do you think maybe I be do - ing the wrong thing to have this baby ? ce what do you mean ? hillary to have it without a father . be it selfish ? probably . ( pause , quiet ) but so what . all great love be selfish . int , lobby - boston general hospital - day it be crowded with people . CC and hillary be head for a bank of elevator , across from which be couch . CC have a stack of magazine under she arm . hillary but I want you to come with I . cc forget it . hillary why ? ce you know how I feel about sickness , it depress I . hillary - but I be not sick , I be pregnant . . ee this be a hospital . there 79 , CC ( cont would . ) will be sick people in the hall , hillary but do not you want to see what the baby look like on the screen ? ce draw I a picture . richard ( v.0 . ) hillary ? the two woman turn just as they reach the elevator to see a slightly chubby , slightly bald man in he for - tie , richard feldman , with a sweet , open face come up behind they . hillary 's face light up . hillary Dr. feldman . {to CC ) Dr. feldman 's my obstetri - cian . ( to Richard ) Dr. Richard feldman this be my oldest friend .... ~ Richard be look at CC with amazement , richard cc Bloom : ce ( flirtateous smile ) none other . richard I have always be a great fan of yours , ce ( flatter ) how nice . richard : ( embarrassed ) I travel through a hurri - cane to see you on Broadway . cc be beginning to bask in the flattery . ce I hope it be worth it . 80 . richard absolutely . you be brill - iant . cc be now intrigue . she give he a tense smile . ce do you wife think it be worth it too ? richard it be before we be marry . cc {smile fade ) oh. richard ( uncomfortable shrug ) and she 's also not my wife anymore . we be divorced last year . the elevator door bang open . cc ( delighted smile ) I be so sorry to hear it : I hope it be not too pain - fal : ( take hillary 's arm , enter ele - vator ) ready for you radar , dear ? hillary ( startle ) . sonar and I think you be not come with I be - cause you can not stand the sight of sick peo ... ec ( cuttang in , aghast ) not come with you ? be you mad ? ( simper smile at Richard ) I would not dream of miss a chance to see the little darling on screen . hillary look away with a disgust expression as the door shut . ext . boston common - night 81 . ann dress for a date , CC and Richard stroll across the common . ce I love the restaurant : I be just crazy about all | that early american crap : richard | ( nervous amile ) . I be afraid it might seem i provincial to you after New York . . cc | Nah . I grow up in the pro - vince . : richard ' ( surprised ) I where ? 1 , ec , the bronx . richard i at ( sudden ) . t guess you be anxious to ' get back . 7 . ec : . ( horrify ) to the bronx ?! richard i no. New York . show busi - ness . she. look away and she face cloud over , cc ( low ) oh , yeah . that. ( sudden ) maybe I be , maybe I be not , he stop to look at she with grow excitement . richard what do you mean , maybe not ? oo she look into he eye . cc ( soft , emotional ) maybe I be sick of have 82 . ce ( cont would . ) a show business life , maybe I want something normal , maybe I would like to be a wife and mother , join one of that quilting bee or something . they be gaze into one another 's eye . richard . ( soft , hopeful ) be you say you might give up you career to get marry ? cc ( soft , emotional ) yeah ... if the right guy come along ... he slowly take she in he arm and kiss she passionately . int . hillary's live room - day hillary be sit on the floor in front of the fire with newspaper look at the door expectantly . the floor be litter with bag and box from a shopping spree . cc ( 0.8 . ) I can not believe how perfect this be ... look : she burst into the room dress like the Queen mother - hair pull back under a hat , match shoe and bag , ridiculous - ly conservative suit and elbow length glove . cc ( excited ) so ? what do you think ? hillary ( aghast , soft ) i.. I do not know what to say ... ce ( spin around , happily ) be I the picture of a doctor 's wife or what ?! int . richard's mother' live room - afternoon it be furnish like a room in versaille except it be a tract house in a Boston suburb . CC sit on the 83 . baby blue brocade couch with Richard , dress in another Queen mother outfit . a elderly woman be at the gilt and white baby grand piano and Richard 's mother , a large , bossy woman in she late sixty be hold out the receiver of a white and gold french telephone . mother c'mon , ceece . just one little tune so my sister esther know it 's you ! richard ( tight ) leave she alone , mother , please : mother but esther be one of she biggest fan : richard ( embarrassed , to CC ) you do not have to do this : mother ( coax , to CC ) just one song . you will make @ sick old woman who could die any minute and who have a skin disease that would make you faint a very happy woman . CC stare at she , then smile sweetly . cc okay , lillian . mother Mom : Richard look away in a agony of embarrassment . CC get up and take the receiver . ec okay . . mom. ( inte phone ) hello ? esther ? ( stiff ) no . I be not a imper - sonator . ( hard ) I can not sing that without a full symphony orchestra and chorus , how about a 84 . cc ( cont would . ) slow Boat to China ? ( teugh ) . listen , esther , it 's either slow Boat or nothing , get it ? ( to woman at piano ) hit it , lydia , as CC sing slow Boat to China over the phone , Richard 's mother watch from a pumpkin brocade ¢hair with a pro - prietary smile . int . hillary's kitchen - morning wearing she robe and still half . asleep , CC flip through a magazine , make note on a pad , while she drink coffee . the phone be ringing . a second later , it be answer , then hillary walk into the room . hillary ( pour coffee ) it 's for you . you agent . cc slowly lift she head and stare at she , suddenly fully awake , then get up and quickly walk out of the room . as hillary sit down at the table she glance at the cover - of CC 's magazine . it be bride . int . hallway - morning when CC reach the telephone she hesitates anxiously , - then snatch up the receiver . ec ( casual ) . hello ? it 's who ..? ( feign surprise ) lester : how on earth do you find I ? ( sharp ) I do not leave a hundred message , I leave two , over a month ago : int . guest room - day the place look like a tornedo hit it and suitcase be open on the bed . CC be pack frantically . hillary stand in the doorway in shock . hillary you be leave ? just like that ? . ce I have to : I have be ask to replace the lead in a Broadway hit ! it 's my chance to come back from the dead : . 85 . hillary . but what about the baby ..? cc I will be back for that . ( try on Queen mother hat ) I can not wear this in New York . do you want it ? hillary rip the hat from she hand and throw it aside . hillary I will not let you do this ! ce what ? hillary just waltz in here , make a mess and leave I to clean it up : ce what be you talk about ? I be go to clean the room before I ... hillary fuck the room , I be talk about Richard , you fiancee . ce ( soft , accuse ) you say fuck , hillary ( furious ) you be heartless , CC : you just use that poor man to get back on you foot and ... ce ( furious ) I do not : '' hillary you do too : c C sit on the bed . ce okay . maybe I do , but I do not know I be do it , so it do not count . 86 , cc ( cont would . ) ( low , guilty ) I feel terrible about it . hillary then have the decency to tell he you be leave : pause . CC look up at she . ec I will ... but I be just win - dering .. hillary ( wary ) wonder what ? ec ( innocent ) well , it 's just that I be in such a mad rush to make the next shuttle and ... hillary ( low , hard ) no . ce ( ignore she , eajole ) I just think it might be better if you ... hillary ( hard , loud ) no , no , no , no . ext . hillary's house - night hillary stand in the open doorway in front of Richard who stand on the step hold a corsage in a plastic box . richard ( stunne ) : she 's go ? just like that ? hillary ( desperate ) it 's the part of a lifetime , Richard , ( frantic ) wo not you come in for a drink ? we could talk better inside . 87 . richard ( heartbroken ) no , no , I would rather not ... ( confuse , wounded ) zi do not understand it . just yesterday she be talk about become a nurse , hillary look away , he stare at the ground , shattered , then suddenly thrust the corsage at she . richard : you might as well have this . hillary oh , thank you , Richard . it 's lovely . . ( desperate ) - be you sure you will not come in ? richard ( back down step ) no , no , thank you ... - ( walk away ) goodnight , hillary , and thanks . she watch he as he disappear into the night , then with a little sigh she take the corsage out of the box and pin it on as she shove the door shut with she hip . ext , west forty= seventh STREET - new york - day CC walk to a large theater , a nervous look on she face , and enter . int . theater - day it be empty and dimly light , the stage set for a performance . the door be push open and CC walk in . she glance around . cc hello ? anybody here ? no answer , she walk to the stage , mount it and stand stare out at the empty seat for a moment , then there be a sound to she leave and she turn . John chase walk slowly toward she from the wing . JOHN hi , cc . . he stop next to she , she smile nervously . ce you have not change . JOHN neither have you . pause . she stare at 88 . ( nervous ) I could not believe it when my agent say it be you show that need the replacement . why I ..? JOHN ( casual shrug ) I hear you be not busy . ec ( soft , dry ) I bet . JOHN ( straight ) and you be the only person talented enough the play the part . will you do it ? even though I be direct ? he , then amile slightly . ce * ( soft , grateful ) sure , I will do it . ( walk off stage , flippant ) I mean , business be busi - ness , be not it ? ext . theater - day they walk out onto the street and pause . cc rehearsals start Monday ? JOHN ten sharp . want a taxi ? cc no , I will walk . ( sudden , bright ) how 's you wife ? jorn just great . ce ( tense smile ) and the baby ? bba , JOHN a real terror . ( sudden , tense ) how be you , CC ? in love with anybody ? she stare at he , then shrug lightly . 89 . ec no . I try , but it never seem to work . but do not worry . ( £lippant ) I will get over you yet . she turn and start walk away . joen ( sudden , emotional ) cc : ( she look back ) for whatever it 's worth , I have never love anybody as mich as I love you . ( silence ) I have often wonder if we should have stay together . pause , ce ( quiet ) maybe we should have . the point be , we do not . with a slight wave , she turn and walk off down the street . she lock sad and move by they exchange , but she also look as if a weight have be lift from she . int . . boston shuttle departure lounge - LA guardia airport - morning - the present wrapped in she fur coat , CC be curl up in a chair , fast asleep , completely oblivious to the activity around she . through the window we see the airfield bath in brilliant sunlight , it have stop snow , machine be clear the field and a healthy crowd be prepare to board the shuttle . the attendant walk over to CC and gently shake she shoulder . she open she eye look confuse . attendant we be board right away , misa Bloom . she quickly straighten up witn excitement . ce thank God : do I have time to make a phone call ? attendant I do not think so . we be : take off imnediately . but you will be in Boston in a hour. 90 . as he walk away , CC stand up and stretch she cramped limb , a happy , relieved expression on she face . int , plane - morning as the plane take off from the snowy field , CC rest she face against the glass , stare out at the blind light , lose in thought that amuse she . int . . hospital room - night as hillary , who be in labor , be move from she bed onto a guerney by attendant , CC stand slightly away from she clutching a surgical gown , a look of sick terror on she face . she be now wear designer punk clothes and have a green streak through she very red hair . | hillary ( furious , panting ) what do you mean you can not do it ?! cc ( frantic ) just what I say ! you know how some people be afraid of snake ?! hillary ( shriek ) what do that have to do with anything ? cc I be afraid of blood and @eath and medical instru - ment : I can not . even stand to hear someone say mucuous membrane : hillary ( raging , reacting to contraction ) Yau promise to be my part - ner in this : cc I make a mistake , hillary be be wheeled out of the room . hillary ( furious ) I should have know you would @o something like this ! it 's not the first time ! 91 . int , hospital corridor - night ec go after the querney as it be wheeled down the hall . cc ( offended ) what do you mean by that ? throughout this hillary respond to she contraction . hillary I mean have you forget the time you leave I wait in the lobby of the Plaza Hotel and you never show up ?! . . cc I can not believe you be bring - ing this up again : hillary it be the most inconsiderate thing anyone have ever do to I : cc I explain what happen a hundred time : I go to the iranian Queen for a pedi - cute.coe she 's so catch up in the story she do not notice that they be slamm into the delivery room . int . delivery room - night ec ( cont would . ) and he manic depressive boy - friend steal my purse and my ... richard : ce : ( tense , guard ) - - cc quickly turn and she eye meet Richard 's as the delivery team start set hillary up . ec ( nervous ) Richard . they stare at each other , emotionally shake by the reunion . pause , 92 . richard ( sudden ) congratulation on you play . I hear it 's a hit . ce yeah . thanks . ( pause , soft ) congratulation on you engagement . I hear she 's a wonderful person . as they stare at each other , catch up in the moment , hillary suddenly grab CC 's hand and clutches it tightly in response to a severe contraction , which break the spell . Richard swing into action , issue instruction to the delivery team , and CC look around the room with horror . cc ( soft , stunne ) how do I get in here ? hillary ( panting ) will you stay ? c¢ leok at she , glance around the room once - again , she gaze come to rest on a tray of instrument and she faint dead away . int . hospital room - night cc be fast asleep in a chair . hillary be in bed with she new bear baby , look exhaust but blissfully happy . a moment pass , CC turn , stir , then she eye open . the first thing she see be hillary and the baby . she stare with amazement . ec ( soft ) it 's over ? hillary look at she and nod . CC get up and walk over , look at the baby with wonder and delight . ~ ce what be it ? hillary a girl . ( sudden , intense ) remember this . 93. : ce what ? hillary this moment . it 's the happiest one of my entire life . remember it for I . camera move in close on the face of the infant . superimpose the face of a EIGHT - year -old girl , which fill the screen , she be wear a half - slip on she head and look just like hillary do as a child , except she color - ing be darker . she stare grimly into camera , girl ( low ) I do not fear the wizard of evil . I be princess estelle and even he cannot resist my power . I know he lock my brother Prince Ralph in the tower in the ... hillary {shout v.0 . ) Victoria Cornelia cecilia ' what be you do up there ?! Victoria jump up from the mirror she be look into . victoria nothing : int , victoria's bedroom = day it be a cheerful child 's room fill with book , old toy , drawing stick to the wall , map , cluttere desk , etc . Victoria , who be wear a school uniform , rip the slip off she head and quickly grab she bookbag and jacket from the bed . victoria I be just look for my jacket ; as she start out of the room , she pause in front of a wall calendar and cross off the day , like all the day be - fore it , with a large , careful black '' x " , the calendar be for June 1987 . written across the bottom of the month , in large black letter , be " no more school ? " Victoria fly out of the room . int . front hallway - day tne front door be open and hillary be wating in it . she be 94 . wear @ suit and hold a briefcase and in middle - age be as beautiful as ever , however , she face be draw and tired . Victoria run noisily down the step , then as she head for the door she suddenly sweep a cat up from a chair into she arm . : victoria ( hugging cat , waltzing to door , sing ) pouncer , pouncer the wonder cat I be so glad you be not a rat or a bat or too fat ... hillary ( explode ) goddamn it , put that cat ~ down now and let 's go ! she turn and storm out of the house . Victoria look at she with surprise , sheepishly put the cat down and quickly go after she , shutting the door behind she . int . hillary's car - day as hillary and Victoria talk , the car approach a school attach to the Episcopal Church , which be surround by a sea of babbling child in uniform . hillary be slightly short of breath and very pale . hillary you may invite Melissa to visit the last week in au - gust , not before ! victoria but I think she could stay the whole month : I already tell she . : hillary stop the car at the curb . hillary then untell she . I want this summer at the cape to be peaceful . I have a flu I can not shake , I be tired and I do not want to spend my time take care of anyone else 's child , understand ? victoria but who will I play with ..? 95 . hillary the same child you have be play with every summer since you be bear . the one who live there . hillary lean across , open the passenger door and give Victoria a kiss . hillary I be late . Victoria give she a wounded look , then get out of the ear . hillary suddenly look remorseful . hillary I be sorry , puss , but I '' just very tired . victoria ( slamm door ) you be always tired . hillary watch she run off into the sea of child , call - ing she friend 's name , then take a deep breath and drive away . int . lady room - MAIN courthouse ~ boston - day hillary be bent over the sink splash she face with cold water . she straighten up , lock very pale , to catch she breath . . int . lobby of courthouse - day . hillary walk through the crowded lobby toward the main staircase lead up to the courtroom . another laywer call to she from nearby . lawyer hillary : do you have a minute ? hillary ( walk , breath - less ) just . I be due in court right now . he walk over to she and they start up the step , camera following . lawyer the attorney for the drug company call I this morn - ing . they want to settle out of court : 96 . hillary ( breathless ) I bet they do . forget it . lawyer c'mon , hillary . get off you high moral horse for a change . '' go to court be not go to change anything , it 's just go to complicate what should be a simple financial deal for you client and mine . during this , hillary have be climb the step with a pain frown on she face . with each step she become more and more short of breath , more and more fatigue . just as she reach the top , she suddenly stop , & terrify ex - pression on she face , then she collapse onto the step , gasp for air . the lawyer quickly lean down to she , fri- ghten . 2 0 lawyer be you all right ?: hillary ( panicky , gasp ) I do not know ... I ..- ( terrify gasp , . start to cry ) I can not breathe ... I be in pain and I can not breathe ... int , ambulance - day the ambulance race through the street of Boston with its siren scream . hillary be on a stretcher , hook up to a i.v. take great gulp of air through a oxygen mask . she have a pain , frighten , almost insensible look on she face . . int . hospital corridor - day wearing she uniform and carry she bookbag , Victoria approach a room with a anxious look on she face . she pause at the open door mo look inside . hillary be sleep peacefully in the bed , she breathe : normal . she be hook up to a variety co machine which monitor she vi- tal sign . int , hillary's hospital room - day it be kill with flower . Victoria walk up to the bed , look at she mother for a moment , then put dow she book - bag and straighten cut the cover . hillary slowly open she eye , recognize she daughter and hug she tightly . 97 , hillary ( happy , surprised ) hi , puss , what be you do - ing here alone ? she let Victoria go and lean back into she pillow , fati - gue , Victoria sit in the chair next to the bed , never take she eye off she mother . victoria aunt vesta 's talk to the doctor . ( pause , scared ) be you okay ? hiliary sure I be . I , '11 be home by the end of the week . Victoria stare at she , still scared . victoria what 's wrong with you ? billary ( reassure ) I catch a virus , that 's all . victoria ( puzzle ) in you heart ..? hillary ( quiet ) who tell you that ? victoria I hear the doctor say it - to aunt vesta . hillary stare at she , then look away , hillary ( soft , even ) yes . I catch a virus in my heart . int . harvard medical school library - day it be pack with student prepare for exam . look fragile and very pale , hillary enter the library and go to the desk where the librarian , a man in he late twenty vith ? gentile face be work . the large wall clock read 98 . hillary ( to librarian ) Excuse I . ( he look up ) I wondere if you could help I . I want to see everything you have on a heart disease call cardic - myopathy . librarian ( write ) take a seat at one of the table and I will bring you the book . of int . harvard medical school library - evening the place be empty except for the librarian , who be pre - pare to leave for the night , and hillary who be sit at the table , surround by book , still read and stu - diously make note , the librarian glance at she as he lock he desk and pick up he jacket . the wall clock read 6:00 . librarian I be sorry , but the library . 48 close . '' . hillary look up in surprise . hillary oheee ( leek at book ) I see . as he walk over to she : librarian I can put a hold on that book for another day if you want . she slowly look up at he with a daze smile as she ga - thers she papers together . hillary oh , thanks , but that will not be necessary . I have get all I need . as he start stack the book back on the trolley , she get up , drop she glass and papers into she purse , slip on she jacket and start walk away . hillary goodnight . 99 . librarian ( work ) goodnight . she walk a few yard , then she suddenly lean heavily against one of the table and break into a deep , gut - wrenching sob . the librarian quickly look up in alarm , then stare helplessly as hillary sink down into a chair , put she hand over she face and sob with complete aban - don.: int . recording studio - day a full orchestra be back CC up as she sing @ ballad . she be thin and vibrant-looking , at the peak of she power as a performer and a woman . she screw up a lyric , apolo - gize to the producer and orchestra , then after a little amiable laughter , they start up again . she sing the song through to the end perfectly . ext . cc' apartment build - night a taxi pull up , the doorman open the door and CC climb out . as they talk , they walk to the building entrance . ec hi , Mac . Nice night , be not it ? mac it certainly be , miss Bloom . ( open door ) by the way , congratulation on win the tony . ec ( shove bill in he pocket ) thanks , mac. mac ( take money out , startle ) what 's this for , miss Bloom ? ce {ever shoulder , cheery ) it will keep you honest , Mac . int . hallway of cc' apartment - night a large bouquet of rose sit in a vase on the telephone table . we hear a key in the lock , the door open and CC walk in . the place be much more comfortable than when 100 . she live there with John . as she take she coat off and drop it on a chair she walk over to the flower and pick up the card with excitement . as she read it the phone ring . she answer it . ec hello ? ( delighted ) hillary : just the person I be go to call ? guess what ? : . ( pause , irritate ) yes , I be in love , but what do you mean be he marry ?: ( pause , sharp ) I be pot draw to torture affair and yes , he 's marry but he do not live with he wife he just take he laundry home and what the hell 's the matter with you ?: int . hillary's bedroom - day hillary be in bed under the cover . she look very iil ang medication litter the bedside table . CC pace the room , carefully avoid look at hillary . ce ( frantic ) why do not you tell I when it first happen ?. I mean , it 's unbelievable that you can just get some - thing like this out of the blue : ndart she a look ) so what do you have to do ? hillary ( shrugging ) a few thing . I have choose medication and rest . pause . cc ( soft , scared ) and you 'li get better ..? hillary stare out the window in silence . CC suddenly snatch up a bouquet of flower from the bureau and quickly walk to the door . ec ( frantic ) I would better get this 101 . cc ( cont would . ) flower in some water soon or they will die ! I mean will : fhey ' 11 will ! not ... you know ... hillary ( sudden ) cc ? CC turn to look at she apprehensively from the doorway . ec yeah ? hillary ( quiet ) I still want to take vic~ toria to the cape for the summer , but we can not go alone . cc ( soft , scared ) oh , right . ( pause , desperate ) ' do not worry about it : I will hire a nurse : hillary look away . hillary ( quiet ) thanks , CC , but I can do that myself . you would better put that flower in water before they die . int , hillary's hallway - day as CC walk down the hall , look very upset , she pass a table hold a phone and a number of frame photograph . she suddenly stop and stare at one with surprise , drop the flower onto a chair and pick it up . close on framed photograph it be of CC and hillary the day they meet in Atlantic City . CC quickly turn and return to hillary 's bedroom . int , hillary's bedroom ~ day hillary be stare out the window when CC walk back in . ce . ( amaze ) I do not know you still have this : 102 . hillary ( uninterested ) have what ? cc walk over and sit down next to she , hold out the frame photograph . cc this picture of we from atlantie City . hillary glance at it , then look back out the window . hillary ( uninterested ) Victoria find it in a box . silence as -cc study the photograph , in torment . ce ( sudden , nervous ) you know , once I finish the album I be free for a few week until rehearsals start for the new show . hillary ( remmte ) that 's nice . pause . ec ( sudden , tense ) maybe I could go to the cape with you instead of a nurse . hillary keep she face turn away , but she eye fill with tear . hillary ( soft , even ) thanks , CC . I would like that . CC give she a shakey smile . ec hey . we be friend , be not we ? ext . hillary's house - day as hillary , CC and Victoria , who be carry a cat carry case , walk to hillary 's car , which be pack to burst point with thing for the country , CC hold hillary 's arm protectively . . 103 . ee ( nervous ) I set the alarm on you wristwatch so you know when to take you pill and ... ( frantic ) be you okay ?: hillary yes . why ? ce you make a noise . hillary I do not make a noise . ce I hear you make a noise . hillary I do not make a noise and what be you do ?: CC be practically pick hillary up to put she in the front seat of the car . : ec : helping you into the car . hillary ( try patience ) that 's very kind of you , CC , but I still have the use of my leg . as CC walk around to the driver 's side in a huff . > cc I be just be helpful . hillary ( climb into car , to Victoria ) get in the car , Victoria . Victoria stand on the sidewalk look at she with out - rage . victoria but I always sit in front with you : hillary I know , but CC 's drive so you have to get in the ck . 104 . victoria glance at CC with resentment , then : ' victoria will you sit in the back with I ? billary there be not enough room . Victoria hesitates , then flop into the back seat with a sullen look and yank the car door shut . int . car - day as the car pull away from the curb , Victoria suddenly move forward , squeeze she body into the space between the two front seat and put she hand on top of hillary 's head . . victoria when we get there will you go swim with I , Mom ? hillary ( tight ) I can not go swim . ( bright ) but CC will , will not you , CC ? victoria ( sullen ) never mind . i'11 go by myself . ec ( stung , childish ) be my guest : who say I want to swim anyway : they sink into a silence . hillary ( sudden , tense ) that 's not very comfortable , dear . victoria what ? hillary Riding in the car with you hand on my head . victoria hesitates , then pull she hand away , drop back into she seat and look out the window unhappily . 105 . ext . road along ocean - cape cod - day the car move along through the sunlight past the dune . int , car - day cc , hillary and Victoria be sing cheerfully . group ( sing ) you be my sunshine my only sunshine you make I happy when sky be grey ... hillary 's wristwatch alarm go off and she stop sing as she take several pill from bottle in she purse and swallow they with water from a canteen . Victoria watch she with a anxious expression . - CC / victoria ( voice fade ) you will never know dear how much I love you please do not take my sunshine away ... they all sink into they own thought . ext , summer house - day it be a turn -of - the-century , weathered woodframe house with rambling porch and garden border by the beach . CC and Victoria be unload the car . CC put a hibachi on the right side of the porch . victoria that do not go there . Victoria move it to the leave side of the porch . cc ( brittle smile ) thank you , dear . as they go back to unpack the car : victoria ( sudden ) be you stay all summer ? ce it look like it . 106 , victoria ( sharp ) why ? CC give she a glance as she pot a deck chair in the sand near the porch . cc to help you mother . victoria ( upset ) she do not need you to help she , she have I : ( in tear ) and the chair do not go there , it go on the porch : she rip up the chair , run up the step , slam it down on the porch and race into the house . int . kitchen - night ashen-face and almost whimper , CC take a vial of medicine from the refrigerator and fill a needle . hillary lean against the counter next to she . CC turn to hillary with the needle and freeze with fear . '' they stare at each other , then hillary take the needle from she and awkwardly inject herself in the arm . CC sink into a chair and take deep breath , try to keep from fainting . ext . cape cod beach ~ day hillary sit on a low beach chair under a umbrella wear - ing a sunhat , sweater and a blanket over she leg , read a book . wearing a bathing suit and still wet from a swim , victoria sit next to har on the blanket . she be look at hillary 's hand carefully . victoria ( sudden ) we have the same hand do not we , Mom ? hillary look at she with mild surprise , Victoria hold up she hand and hillary raise hers next to it . hillary {slight smile ) you be right , we do . we have exactly the same hand . 107 . as hillary go back to she book , Victoria study she own hand thoughtfully . int . hillary's bedroom - night wearing a nightgown , hillary be pull a large , card - board box down from the shelf , slightly out of breath . the room be litter with box , some tear open and spill - ing content . letter and photograph litter the floor . a urgent look on she face , hillary drop the box to the floor and rip the top open . she start rummage fran - tically around inside , look for something , toss thing to the floor impatiently . a moment pass , then CC appear in the doorway , rub she eye , suntan and wear a huge t-shirt . ce what be you do ...? it 's three in the morning ... hillary dart she a haunt look as she rummages in the box . hillary look for a picture : cc walk further into the room , more alert . ec be you crazy ?! you be not suppose to be lift thing and .. hillary ( cut in , hysterical ) I do not care : it 's a pic - ture of my mother and I have to find it : she suddenly stop and slowly look around the room at the thing strewn on the floor . hillary ( soft , frighten ) I could not remember she hand . she suddenly sit heavily on the bed and put she hand over she face . - hillary ( desperate ) I be so scared , CC ? I be just so scared : CC watch helplessly as hillary rock back and forth 108 . slightly , she face cover . CC suddenly kneel down and start go through the photograph . as she empty another box onto the floor , hillary finally lower she hand from she face and take a deep breath . she wetch cc for a moment , then kneel down next to she and without a word also start to go through the photograph . they work side by side in silence , then CC finally hold out a picture to she , , ce be this it ..? hillary take it and stare at it . hillary ( quiet ) yes , it be . thank you . int . hallway ~ morning in she nightgown , Victoria come out of she room and walk to the bathroom , which be still steamy . she stop in the doorway . a wet towel be on the floor . victoria Mom ?! ( sharp cry ) a second later , hillary 's bedroom door open and she step into the hall , wear a robe and look very tired . hillary what ? victoria ( outrage ) CC *s towel be on the floor ! hillary look at she as if she be insane . hillary well , pick it up ! victoria ( priggish ) if I leave my towel on the floor you alwaya make I pick it up myself , before hillary can respond , CC 's door slam open and she stalk out . without a word , she brushes past Victoria , tip the towél up , fold it and hang it on the rack . ce {acid smile ) happy , dear ?! 109 . she stalk back into she room and slam the door . victoria enter the bathroom and also slam the door . hillary rest she head against the doorframe with a groan . she look very ill . ext . meadow - cape cod - day fill with wildflower , border by a stream and wood and the sea visible in the distance , it be a idyllic spot . hillary and Victoria be on the blanket play a board game . while CC unload a picnic basket . ce Egg salad for you , Hill ? hillary yes , please . Victoria snatch the sandwhich from CC . victoria I will give it to she . they glare at each other , then as Victoria hand the sandwhich to she mother , CC pull another one out of the basket . ce ( hard ) . here 's you chicken sal - ad , Victoria , dear . Victoria look at she . victoria but I do not like chicken salad . cc ( grim ) when I ask you what you want you say chicken salad , victoria I do not . hillary what difference do it make ? you like egg salad so take mine . Victoria and CC ignore she , fully engage in battle now , cc you dia too : you say chicken salad on wheat : 110 . victoria I do not ! I just say chic - ken on wheat : ( petulant ) I do not like it when it 's chop up . cc ( explode ) what the hell difference do that make ?! Chicken 's chicken , mayo 's mayo ... hillary be on she foot . hillary ( shriek ) I can not take this anymore : I have have enough of this endless bicker and ... she suddenly put she hand to she chest and . lean she weight against Victoria as she slowly sink to she knee on the blanket , a terrify expression on she face . hillary . _ ( soft , gasp ) my chest hurt ... I can not breathe ... it 's bad , CC ... CC stare at she , then suddenly grab she purse and rip the key out . ce ( to Victoria ) can you start a car ?: Victoria neds , she eye wide with fear and shock , and CC throw the key at she . ce do it : ( embrace hillary ) try to stand up . I can not earry you . as Victoria run to the car , . jump in and start it , CC half - drag hillary to the car , help she into the back seat , then slide into the front , shove Victoria to the side . the car skid along the dirt track as CC pull the door shut . int . car - day as the car pull onto the road and take off , victoria lll . climb into the back and put she arm around she mother , crying . hillary be breathe with great diffi - culty and_lock as if she be in great pain . int . hospital waiting room - evening Victoria sit alone , look very young and very lose . a moment pass , then CC appear in the doorway look ex - haust . ec she 's fine , Victoria . victoria can I see she ..? cc the doctor say : tomorrow . she 's sleep now . they stare at each other , then CC suddenly hold out she hand . cc let 's go home . Victoria hesitates for a moment , then get up and slowly walk over to she . she pause , then : victoria ( soft ) I be sorry . ec I know . so be if. ( faint smile ) you be like I . you get mean when you be scared . Victoria stare at she , then with a small sigh slip she hand into CC 's outstretch one with relief and trust . int . hospital corridor - night as CC and Victoria walk down the hall hanc in hand , Vic - toria suddenly look at she . : victoria be my mother go to die ? CC quickly look at she , then smile reassuringly . ce what be you talk about ? she 's sick because she meki - 112 . ce ( cont would . ) cation 's not right , that 's all ! she will be home in a couple of day : Victoria look away with relief . as they exit the build - ing , CC be fight back tear . ext . shoreline - low tide - sunset wearing sweater , they pants roll up , CC and Victoria be clamming . several other people be do the same thing a short distance away . victoria ( excited , embarr - ass laugh ) I can not do that : - cc why not ? you think you will get arrest ? Victoria glance at the other people with a shy laugh . victoria that people will see I : ec so what ? we be not ask they to pay , be we ? c'mon . she suddenly straighten up , sandy hand clutching clam . cc ( sing ) first you put you two knee close up tight ... ( stern ) I seem to be the only one sing : Victoria glance at the people with a excited laugh , then . look back at CC with bright eye . she shyly start sin ~ ing along with she , copying she movement . CC /victoria ( sing , dance ) then you swing they to the leave and you swing they to the right you waik around the floor kind of nice and light and then you twist around and twist around ... 113 . Victoria twist so violently she lose she foot and fall into the wet sand , laugh loudly . ce ( sing , laugh ) with all of you might ... soak and cover with sand , Victoria quickly get up and continue with the song and dance , happy and noisy now , completely unself - conscious . CC / victoria ( sing , dance ) spread you loving arm way out in space ... ext . porch ~ hillary's summer house - sunset hillary sit in a chair watch CC and Victoria on the beach . they voice drift tinnily up from the water 's edge . CC / victoria . ( laugh , dance ) and then you do the Eagle rock with style and grace ... hillary suddenly get up , go into the house and slam the screen door behind she . CC and Victoria , silhouett against a brilliant sunset , continue dance happily in the sand , they voice drift . up to the empty porch . CC / victoria ( sing , dance ) you put you leave foot out and bring it back and that 's what I call balling the Jack . int , summer house - live room ~ morning hillary , wear a nightgown , be stretch out on the couch , under a blanket in the semi-darkened room read a book . pill litter a nearby table . tne phone be ring - ing 0.s. , it be answer , then we hear : : ce ( shout 0.8 . ) hillary : it 's for you ! hillary ( read , grim ) . tell whoever it be I be not here , 114 . a moment pass , then CC walk in from the hallway wear a bathing suit and carry a towel , suntan lotion and mag - azine . cc ( tense smile ) . you make I say that to everyone . you friend will think I be hold you prisoner . hillary ( read ) I do not care what they think . we can hear child play outside . CC stare at she for a moment , then head for the door . just as she reach it , she turn back . cc we be go down to the dock to buy steamer later . want to come ? hillary ( read , sharp ) you know I can not walk that far . ec I will drive . hillary ( read ) I would rather not . cc ‘( belligerent ) okay , then why do not you get dress and sit out - side on the beach with we . hillary ( cold ) T '' happy here . cc ( gram ) it 's a beaut : fu1 day . hillary I do not care , ce ( expledeag ) okay , stay in : but will 115 . cc fcont would . ) you at least get dress ? : you have not be out of that nightgown for over a week : hillary ( throw down book , furious ) so what ? : who the hell be you ? , the clothes police ?: ( get up ) just leave I alone , okay ? that 's all I want : to be leave fuck alone : breathe harshly , she walk out of the room . a moment later , we hear she bedroom door slam shut . CC hesitates , then go after she . int . hillary's bedroom - morning hillary sit in a chair by the window stare out at tne sea , she face . expressionless . there be a knock on the door , but she do not respond . a second later , CC walx into the room . cc listen , Hill , I be sorry I blow up like that . = know how hard this be for .. hillary ( shriek ) no , you do not : ( spin around , hard ) : you do not know what this i : like at all : my chance of see my child grow up be next to nothing : my chance of live a normal life have vanish : my chance of even live a few more year be not worth more than a two dollar bet ! do not say you know what that 's like because you do not ! you be still in the land of the live : ce ( shouting ) so be you ! they stare at each other . 116 . ce ( fierce ) you be not dead yet , hillary , go stop live as if you be : cc slam out of the room . hillary stare at ' the door , show no trace of emotion , then turn and look back out the window . ext . . summer house - kitchen porch - dusk CC and Victoria be sit on the step snap bean while they watch CC give a interview to a smarmy , over ~ dress woman interviewer on a amall television which be propped in the open kitchen window . CC watch with a anxious " expression on she face . Victoria be fascinate . interviewer ( sincere ) tell we the truth , CC . pull the stop out . we know the star , but who be the person . who jis CC Bloom . ec ( sick matter ) do not do it ; fool , do not do it ... ec ( on t.v. , thoughtful ) oh , lala , you have no idea how many time I have ask myself that same question . who be CC Bloom . I suppose first and foremost CC Bloom ... feel thing ! deeply . cc be a deeply feel person and be - cause of that she be deeply emo - tional . deeply feel , deeply emotional ... ( wistful smile ) can this thing exist separately , lala ? I do not think so . cc groan . interviewer I would like to know more about this duality , CC , but we have . run out of time . thank you for join I on Star talk ... ( to audience ) and until tomorrow night this be lala Lake say do not judge , keep share . 117 . as the commercial come on , CC get up to turn off the tev . cc ( anxious ) so ? wnat would you think ? Victoria shrug slightly , she eye avert . victoria ( matter ) I do not know ... c¢ turn to look at she . ce please . I want the truth . Victoria leok up with a shrug . victoria you sound dumb . CC 's eye become narrow and flinty as she snap the t.v. off with a hard twist . ec ( sharp ) yeah , well , I give that interview last year and you have a lot to learn , you know ? give inter - view be not ... victoria Mom : she be look past CC with a happy smile . CC quickly turn to see hillary stand shyly in the doorway , dress in casual clothes , she hair wash and shine , a little make - up on she face . hillary hi , puss , she dart CC a sheepish smile , then look back at Victoria as she walk out onto the porch . hillary I think I would help with dinner . what can I do ? victoria bean : sit here : cc watch hillary as she walk over and take Victoria 's seat on the step , then as she start snap bean CC go back to she seat on the step and do the same . victoria can I make braid ? hillary sure . as Victoria happily start braid she mother 's hair , cc 's and hillary 's eye meet for a moment . hillary 's glance be a thank you . ext . beach - afternoon 118. on the shore we can see Victoria play with a few friend . CC and hillary be sit under a umbrella play card , cc in she bathing suit , hillary in short and t-shirt . they play in silence for a moment , then CC smile slightly to herself . hillary glance at she as she discard . hillary why be you smile ..? ce do you remember that | Christmas we spend in the loft ? ~ hiliary ( frown , vague ) sure ... we have a tree , do a't we ..? cc a stick . ( shaking head ) I be just remember that stinking Christmas carol . hillary what Christmas carol ? oc what Christmas carol ? : the one you force I to sing every night . hillary t do not force you : you love the ec by the time we hit good King wenceslaus for the fifth time I be ready for a draino cocktail : 119 . hillary gin and game , as usual . : ( smug ) you will never beat I at card . cc give she a look as she get up , toss down she ecard and grab she bathing cap . hillary you make thing up as you go along , you know ? cc ( put on cap ) no , I do not , so you have better be very nice to I . ( threaten ) I know everytna there be to know about you , my friend , arm my memory be long . my memory be very , very long . as CC turn and head for the water , all trace of play - fulness vanish from hillary 's face . she watch CC go with a far-away look in she eye . hillary ( soft murmur} I know . I be count on it . close on desk calendar the date be December 1 , 1987 . as a child 's hand come into frame and rip the page off , revealing December 2 , 1987 , we hear : : hillary ( exasperate v.0 . ) have you lose you mind ? : what be all this stuff ?! camera pull back int . victoria's bedroom - = ay the sky outside be very grey . two overflow suitcase be open on Victoria 's bed . as Victoria toss the cal - endar page into the trash next to she desk and walk over to the bed , hillary turn to she with despair . she be dress casually in a large sweater ané tight and although she be still beautiful , she look be beginning to show sign ef chronic ill-health - dark carcle around the eye , deep pallor , ete . ° victoria my clothes . . 120 . hillary nsort through bag ) you be go to New York for two day in December : ( hold up bikini ) why be you bring this ?: victoria you never know what might come up . hillary ( hold up tennis racket ) and this ?: victoria I tell CC I would teach she how to play . hillary not this weekend . she 's giv - ing a concert at Carnegie Hall . hillary overturn one of the suitcase onto the bed and drop it to the floor . hillary get my brown carry - on bag -. €rom the hall closet . that 's bll you be take . victoria but .. : hillary no but . get it . as Victoria turn to leave , hillary suddenly stop and stare out the window , she face lighting up like a child 's . hillary oh , Victoria , look : it 's snow : they quickly walk to the window and look out at the snow , which be beginning to fall heavily . hillary ( soft ) I love the first snow . she suddenly turn , propelling Victoria to the door as she rush back to the bed . 121 . hillary get go : the taxi will be here in less than five minute : Victoria fly out of the room and we hear she bang around in the hallway . hillary look at the mess on the bed , then start sorting through it . she laugh slightly as she pull a pair of hike boot out of the pile , then she suddenly stiffen , &@ strange , startle look on she face . she drop the boot and reach out for the bedpost , knock most of the clothes to the floor in the process , cling to the bedpost for a moment , then slowly begin to slide to the floor , gasp for air as she fail . hillary ( choke cry ) Victoria ... Victoria appear in the doorway clutching a suitcase . she stop and stare at she mother with stunne horror as hillary hit the floor , then she drop the bag and race over to she . victoria , ( terrify cry ) Mom ?. hillary have lapse into unconsciousness . Victoria sit on the floor next to she and lift she head into she lap , sobbing with terror , rock back and forth . victoria ( ery , frantic ) please get up , Mom , please , I do not know what to do , please get up , oh please get up . ext , STREET in boston - early morning - the present a taxi move cautiously along the snow - shroud street . int . taxi - early morning CC , look exhaustec , sit stiffly in the back seat . silence except for the rattle of the chain on the wheel and the dispatcher 's voice crackle over the radio . the taxi pull to a halt . CC do not move . driver this be it . Boston General cc sit very still for a moment longer , then shove some large bill into the driver 's hand . 122 . driver ( shocked ) but this be way too much : CC be out of the taxi . the door slam shut . ext , STREET outside of boston general hospital - early morning cc stand stare at the hospital entrance with a fear - fal expression on she face , then she finally take a deep breath and go inside . int . hospital lobby - early morning as CC walk toward the elevator , she pass a flower shop . she backtrack and go inside . through the window we see she pick out a bunch of long - stem yellow rose , pay for they , then return to the lobby . she reach the elevator just as the door be close and slip through . they slam shut . int . hospital corridor - early morning CC exit the elevator and walk to the nurse 's station . there be no one around . she look around and spot the entrance to the cardiac care unit and walk over to it . through the glass door , clearly mark no admittance we can see cubicle contain bed and elaborate equipment . a few of the bed be occupy . CC hesitates , then walk in . int , cardiac care unit - early morning a anxious expression on she face she walk along , glance in the cubicle , then stop in front of one . hillary be in the bed , under the cover , slightly turn away . a resuscitator be push to the side . CC hesitates , then step .inside . int . cubicle - early morning ec . ( soft , anxious ) Hill ..? it 's I ... no response . camera move with CC as she round the bottom of the bed and come up the other side to see hillary 's face more clearly . hillary 's eye be close and she look utterly peaceful . cc Hill ...? she suddenly stop and stare , then she finger go limp 123 . and the flower slide out of she hand to the floor . ce ( soft , stunne ) oh , Hill ... a nurse have walk up to the entrance to the cubicle . nurse you will have to leave right now : do not you see that no admittance sign on the ... ec ( sharp ery ) get out : the nurse hesitates , then back out of the cubicle . CC 's eye be rivete to hillary 's face as she move closer , then reach out and gently touch she hair . cc {soft , amaze ) what will I do ...? she suddenly sink heavily in the chair next to the bed and take she friend 's lifeless hand , lowering she face to the edge of the bed . cc ( deep sob ) what will I do without you ..? ext , cemetary - boston - day hillary 's family and friend stand around a open grave , next to she flower drape coffin , while a episcopal priest perform the burial service . CC stand with Victoria , hand in hand . they both look as if they be in shock . snow be fall heavily again . int , hillary's study - day close on a woman' hand hold a letter cover with a childish scrawl . other letter , write by a child , be in she lap . the only sound be the tick of a grand - father clock . camera pull back . CC sit at hillary 's desk , which be cover with papers , stare off into space . int . victoria's room - day a tray of untouched food sit on the bedside table . fully dress in the clothes she wear to the cemetary , Victoria be stretch out on the bed , face down , completely cry 124 . out . one arm be wrap tightly around she cat . a moment pass and there be a knock on the door . she do not move . a second later , the door open and cc walk in . she look at Victoria in silence for a moment , then walk over and sit on the edge of the bed . she reach out and touch Victoria 's coat . cc ( soft ) that 's wet . if you do not take it off , you will get a cold . silence . CC look away , at a loss , then look back . ec iwas just go through you mother 's papers , ( silence ) it 's amazing .. I find letter I write to she over thirty year ago ... ( pause ) I could not believe it . she save every single one . silence . CC take a deep breath . ec in she will she say she want you to live with I . pause , then Victoria finally turn to look at she , she eye red and swollen from ery . CC reach out and brushes she hair away from she face . cc ( soft , kind ) you do not have to do it if you do not want to . you aunt vesta want you , every body want you . Victoria stare at she . victoria ( lew ) can not I live here , in my house ? pause. ce ( soft ) no. 125 . Victoria look away . silence . victoria ( sudden , low ) do my father know she die ..? cc stiffen with surprise . ce I do not know . ( cautious ) I think you do not see he . victoria ( lew ) I know who he be . I see he in the street twice . cc. ( anxious to please ) I could call he if you want . victoria . ( quick ) no . cc {soft} yeah , well , maybe someday .. ( sighing ) if you want to stay in Bos - ton , Victoria , I '11 under - stand ... ( look away , at a loss ) I mean , I do not know what kind of mother I would make , you would not want to know what go on inside my hea sometimes ... and I be very sel - fish , you know ..? ( soft , stunne ) I do not know what she be think of when she pick I .. ( quick , reassure ) not that I do not want to do it ! there 's nothing I want to do more than be with you : pause , Victoria slowly turn to look at she again . victoria ( low ) if I go with you , can tt 126 . victoria ( cont would . ) bring my cat ...? . CC look away as she eye fill with tear . ce ( low ) oh , my God , of course you can bring you cat . you can bring anything you want . int . victoria's bedroom - morning most of she thing be carefully pack away in box . she be sit in a small chair look around the room with wide , frighten eye , wear she coat , hat and boot . through the window we can see that the street be cover by a deep layer of snow , the park car be half - bury and more snow be fall . her eat be curl up in she lap . a moment pass , then : ec ( v.0. from down - stair ) it 's time to go , Victoria . Victoria case , t up the case itate , then get up , put the cat in ‘his one last , hungry look around she room , pick and a small suitcase and walk out . int , front hallway - morning CO wait at the open front door in she fur coat and boot , two suitcase in she hand , as Victoria come down the stair . the furniture have be cover by dust sheet and the place have a abandon look to it . . cc the road be not clear so we will have to walk a couple of block for a taxi . can you make it ? : Victoria nod , 's pause at the door to look around ence with confuse eye , then she turn and walk out . CC also hesi - tate , look around the hall and remember happier time in that house , then she walk out and pull the door shut behind she , the lock click . ext , house - day camera following , CC and Victoria come down the front step , turn out the gate and start pick they way along the snowy street in silence . CC finally glance at Victoria , who be withdraw and depressed . 127 . cc ( sudden ) you mother and I meet in Atlantic City when we be you age , do you know that ? Victoria do not even look at she . victoria yes . ec . ( bright ) iwas sit under the boardwalk smoking a cigar ~ ette ... vietoria look at she with interest for the first time . victoria Mom do not tell I that . you amoke when you be my age ?: cc yeah . I quit when I be twelve . anyway , I just finish do the matinee at the tony grant kiddie show ... camera stop following . as they walk on through the snowy street they figure grow smaller , they voice indistinct . ec what song be I sing then ... oh , I remember : my mama number . victoria what be that ? cc : . ( laugh , sing ) ' you gotta see mama every night or you can not see mama at all ... Victoria say something to she , but we can not hear it . cc say something else and Victoria laugh slightly , almost against she will . as they walk on , now deep in conversation : int . marlboro blenheim HOTEL - day hillary , as a child , quickly lock back over hex shoulder as she move away . 128 . hillary ( bright , excited ) be sure to keep in touch , cc , okay ?! cc , as a child , stare after she as she vanish . ec ( soft ) well , sure ... we be friend , be not we ...? the end