the Beach - by John Hodge the beach by John Hodge base upon the novel by Alex garland ext . bangkok . night a single headlamp in close up shine directly and brightly out . extreme noise and light . Beyond its glare can be see the outline of a motorize tricycle ( " tuk - tud " ) and its thai driver . a young man , Richard , sit in the back , he rucksack beside he , sway with the motion of the vehicle . he be wear and sweat . they travel through nocturnal bangkok : fleet of tuk -tuk , taxi , road work , food vendor , dog , tourist . Music and credit . ext . khao san road . night the bright headlight come to a halt . Richard climb down from the tuk- tuk richard ( v.o . ) when you hit bangkok , there 's really only one place to go . the street be busy , full of thai 's and traveler . Richard pick he way through the crowd , he rucksack on he back . he absorb the scene as he pass board house and hotel , and the shop and stall sell food , clothes , pirate tape , jewelry , travel ticket , and international phone call . restaurant be fill with western traveler watch american film or european sport . richard ( v.o . ) ( continue ) the khao San Road be a decompression chamber between east and west . it 's where you learn to breathe car fume and tropical air for the very first time , or else carefully rearrange you memory before you catch you flight home . Richard be approach by a young male thai hustler who walk backwards in front of he while make he pitch . hustler you need somewhere to stay ? richard I will be ok , thanks . Richard politely ignore each of he subsequent offer . hustler what do you want ? sell you passport ? buy passport ? airline ticket ? you want silk ? I will take you to the best silk place ? you get a suit in twenty - four hour . diamond ? you want to come with I , you get present for you girlfriend . maybe no girlfriend . you want a girl , no problem . good time . Boy girl fuck no problem . you want to drink some snake blood ? at this last one Richard stop and address the hustler . richard no thanks . Richard walk on , the hustler fade out behind he . hustler you want designer clothes ? I get you versache , gucci , armani , no problem . you want a camera , all the best make : Nikon , leica , Canon I can get you . richard ( v.o . ) yeah , it 's all here : you a phone home , meet up with stranger , split up with you friend , watch Hollywood movie while you sip budweiser and eat a burger or get some massage and green chicken soup . you could be anywhere in the world but you could only find it here . and what do they want , all this people ? ext . khao san road . night . / int . bar and shop . night . various young traveler , male and female , in snapshot exerpt , address they comment to the camera or each other . traveler 1 where you be ? traveler 2 where you go ? traveler 3 I have be there . traveler 4 it 's a waste of time . traveler 1 we just get back . traveler 2 fantastic . traveler 3 how much do it cost ? traveler 5 a complete rip off . traveler 3 too many people . there 's a much better place along the coast . traveler 4 we be go explore . we have read this book . it tell we all the best place to explore . traveler 2 I know a place that everyone say be really unspoil . traveler 1 I hear they build a big hotel there . traveler 5 some sort of sewage problem , apparently . traveler 1 we be go anyway : all the room have get air conditioning . richard ( v.o. ) but for I it 's all about find out something about a place , and something about yourself . and when you get off the beat track , that 's where you find out what there be to find out . Richard turn into one of the restaurant . int . restaurant . night . the restaurant extend deeply back away from the street . Richard pass many diner not dissimilar to himself . some be talk , many be engross in the video entertainment . at the back he reach a reception desk where he drop he pack . a thai female HOTEL receptionist sit behind the desk . she immediately show Richard a " menu " of available room . the menu offer a spread of price for single/double/window/fan/aircon/bathroom. Richard point to the cheapest combination and hand over 300 bath . the receptionist become aware that he be be start at . a wear , dishevel man in he mid-thirty be stand at the nearby bar , a bottle in he hand , study Richard . this be daffy . richard good evening . daffy say nothing but continue to stare and take a drink . Richard will not be stare down . neither turn away . the receptionist pass over a key and smile broadly . HOTEL receptionist welcome to Thailand . Richard turn to she . richard thank you . int shower . night in a small windowless shower room , Richard stand motionless , eye close , face with pleasure the spray of cold water . int . HOTEL corridor . night the sound of the shower can be hear through a door mark with a shower sign . the sound stop and the door be open . Richard emerge with a towel wrap around he waist , carry he key and washbag . he walk the short distance to he room . he put the key in the door but the lock be stiff and he have to fiddle with it , bent over and drip water on the floor . while he be do so , the sound of footstep climb nearby stair can be hear . there be the sound of a loud wolf - whistle . Richard turn to the source of the whistle . a beautiful european woman be smile at he . this be francoise . she approach and take the key from he hand . she turn the key in one direction , then the other , while twist the handle . francois et voila . the door swing gently open . she stand back richard thank you . footstep approach from the stair . francoise be join by a young man , etienne , who catch up with she . he nod at Richard as he take she arm . they walk away from Richard to the next door . francoise bonsoir . richard eh - bonsoir . etienne goodnight . the couple reach they door . they enter they room and the door be close behind they . alone in the corridor again , Richard contemplate they presence . richard ( v.o. ) I be travel alone for two reason . first of all , be alone allow you more opportunity to absorb you experience on a personal level . secondly , and this I feel acutely at that moment , there be no one who want to go with I . int restaurant . night Richard be in the restaurant which be quiet now . he be alone at a table eat and drink . on a high shelf several foot away a Hollywood action film , all gunshot , car chase , and explosion , play on the television . most of the table around he be empty . Richard be interrupt by the man he meet earlier , daffy , who pull up a chair beside he . daffy Excuse I . richard yes ? daffy I be daffy . richard Richard . hi. daffy look , I be sorry to bother you but I be wonder if you could help I out . richard help you out ? daffy yeah ; just ten or fifteen dollar maybe . richard I be sorry , I do not think so . daffy I be wait on some money come through . it 's just that at the moment , you know , I be short . they be go to chuck I out . on the street in bangkok , that 's bad . richard I be really sorry but I just arrive ; I be on a pretty tight budget myself . I just can not afford it . daffy just five dollar , please . he lean in close to Richard . daffy ( continue ) I will share something with you . richard I be sorry . I can not lend you any money . daffy retreat . Richard turn back to the video and he food . daffy approach two young woman sit at a nearby table . daffy Excuse I , lady , be there any chance you could help I out . I be down on my luck at the moment . the two young woman seem uncomfortable . Richard notice . daffy ( continue ) if you could see you way to lend I some cash - richard here . he lean across and hold out a ten dollar note for daffy . daffy thank you , sir . thank you . I promise I will repay you . richard just take it , ok . daffy take it . Richard return to the video as a big yellow explosion be reflect on he face . int . richard's HOTEL room . night . some light enter from the street through a small window . Richard lie on he bed , watch the fan rotate above he . he be listen to the sound of etienne and francoise engage in noisy sex . they reach the climax of they activity and fall silent . Richard just have time to enjoy the silence when a new disturbance begin , this time from the next room in the other direction . it be a man , daffy , bang on the wall just above Richard 's head and shouting in time . daffy ( o.s. ) have . you. got. anything . to. smoke . have . you. got. anything . to. - int . HOTEL corridor . night . Richard knock sharply on the door of daffy 's room . the door be open immediately by daffy , look even worse then before . richard no , I do not have anything to smoke . daffy stare at he for a moment . recognition dawns . daffy you . you be the guy that leat I the money . richard yeah , that 's right . now could you be quiet so I can get some sleep . daffy ten dollar . I will find a way to pay you back . how would you like to know about somewhere special ? the perfect beach . paradise . no one else know about it . that 's get to be worth something . what do you say ? richard look I do not care about the money right now : I just want some sleep . so if you could be quiet - daffy yea , ok . I will be , I will be , I promise . richard thanks . Richard turn away . daffy Richard - he turn back . daffy ( continue ) be nice know you . he stick he hand out . Richard politely reciprocate . richard sure . they shake hand . int . ext . restaurant . day . the restaurant front on to the street where a new day 's activity be beginning . Richard watch this as he eat he breakfast . he notice etienne and francoise sit down at the next table . richard bonjour . etienne good morning . francoise do you sleep well ? richard not too bad . francoise I hope we noise do not keep you awake . Richard look from one to the other . richard the noise ? do not worry . you be on holiday . etienne she mean you neighbor . the Scotsman richard oh , that noise ! yes , he certainly do . etienne we move room because of he . francoise he try to borrow money from we . etienne what idiot would lend he money ? it would disappear . francoise he say if we leat he money h would tell we about a secret beach . etienne it 's on a island that no one get to . francoise but he have be there , off course . etienne it be ridiculous ; all this at three o'clock in the morning . richard it would be nice though , if there be a place like that . you know , that no one could get to . etienne of course , but look ; all this people . if that place exist , they would all be there . int . TRAVEL agent 's. day on a large board be detail , photograph and price of various standard excursion . a thai TRAVEL agent reel they off at great speed . TRAVEL agent nakhon - pathom - phra ptahom chedi - damnoen sadual float market - eight hundred baht . kanchanburi - erwan national Park phrathat cave , huang khamin Falls - six hundred baht . nam tok , hellfire pass , Three pagodas , sai yok National Park - fifteen hundred baht . bang pa in Royal Palace , ayatthaya , wat phra manhathat , wat raburna - one thousand baht . what do you want ? Richard study the board but be not excited . richard twenty marlboro light , please . instantly the Travel agent produce the packet of cigarettes from a shelf and lay they on the counter . ext . khao san road . day . Richard light up and look around . he look through the tape at a stall . int . HOTEL corridor . day Richard walk along the corridor towards he room , he new tape play on he walkman . on he door , a fold sheet of paper be attach with a pin . Richard lift it off and unfold it . it be a detailed and carefully draw map of a cluster of island . some be name . one be unnamed . on it , some feature be mark ; hill , forest , river and a letter X . in the corner it read " X = beach " . Richard switch he walkman off . he study the map then walk to daffy 's door and knock . no reply . Richard twist the handle and push gently . the door open . int daffy' room . day . the room be dim , be even so the blood can be see spray and smear around the wall , sheet and floor . there be no sign of daffy . Richard tread carefully , avoid the pool of blood on the floor . he reach the other side of the room . there , wedge in the narrow gap between bed and wall , be daffy 's corpse . his wrist have be cut . Richard study the map again . richard ( v.o. ) you hope and you dream , but you never believe that something 's go to happen for you , not like it do in the movie . and when it do , you sort of expect it to feel different . more visceral . more real . like imax maybe . I be wait for it to hit I , but it do not . and just for the record , I never do get my ten dollar back . Richard switch he walkman back on . int . police station . day . in a office , two policeman , one in uniform and the other a detective , stand over Richard while he sign a statement . richard ( v.o. ) the police do not want to waste any time on it . they be just piss off because he be travel on a false passport , name of Mr. daffy duck , birthplace ruritania , which kind of fuck up all the paperwork . they pull everyone in from the hotel , but all they want form I be a statement say I find he and it look like he cut he wrist . no problem . the detective study Richard 's passport . detective what be you do in Thailand ? Tourist ? richard traveler . detective you go to patpong ? see smoke from pussy , ping pong ball from pussy , razor blade from pussy ; bird from pussy . richard I do not think so . detective why not ? thai girl best in the world . thai food best in the world . thai dope best in the world . richard I would not know anything about that , sir . int . police station corridor . day the door of the office open and Richard walk out . line up in the corridor , slouching against the wall , be several other traveler from the hotel . at the front of the queue be francoise and etienne . the officer beckon etienne into the office and close the door . Richard and francoise acknowledge each other with a smile . int . richard's HOTEL room . day . Richard be seat at the top of he bed , address he speech out of shot while he hold the map . richard ok , this island may not actually exist . and even if it do , we might not be able to get there . but look at it like this : what else be there to do around here ? Richard be alone . richard ( continue ) so what do you think ? be you go to come or not . I would be thrilled if you would join I , you and you you and you boyfriend . int . HOTEL corridor . day Richard knock on he neighbor ' door . etienne open it . richard hi . you want to take a hike ? I mean a trip . a journey . with you girlfriend and I . I mean the two of you , and I . it 's a secret island . paradise . you know the kind of thing I be talk about . francoise appear behind etienne . francoise hi. richard hi there . here , take a look . he show etienne the map . richard ( continue ) it 's a map . the dead guy leave it for I ; I think it 's the place he try to sell you . it 's go to be just fuck great . you want to come ? I would be thrilled if ... francoise and etienne be look at he . richard ( v.o. ) I realize that I have absolutely no idea of how I be go to get there . ext . railway / thai countryside . night . a train travel at night alongside field . int . train . night Richard be awake . opposite he , etienne and francoise be slump together in sleep . richard ( v.o. ) etienne , however , and I have to hand it to the guy , be fuck great . he organize the whole thing : ticket , timetable , best route , the whole damn trip . ext . sea . day . the bow of a passenger ferry crash through a wave . ext . boat day . the deck be crowded with traveler and they pack . amongst they be Richard , francoise , and etienne . Maps and guidebook be be study by many . the noise of the engine and the wind deter conversation . richard ( v.o. ) thanks to he we hit the final stop on the tourist trail inside twenty - four hour , where , etienne assure I , we would hire what he call a " local fisherman " to take we on the last stage of we journey . int ext . truck . day Inside back of a cover , convert pick - up , four people be seat down each side , amongst they Richard , francoise , and etienne . behind they as they bump along , can be see the dusty red road border with dense green shrub . the truck stop . ext . road . day . Richard unload the final of the three rucksack from the roof of the truck , pass it down to etienne who stand at the back with francoise . the truck pull away , revealing as sign , " seashell bungalow " . ext . bungalow . day . a simple wooden shack on stilt , one of several stand in a line at the edge of the beach . there be a small porch to the front . int . bungalow . day a spartan room : bed , mosquito net , chair , cupboard , fan . Richard dump he rucksack . ext. sea / beach . day . a long inflatable tube be tow past by a motorboat , its passenger whooping with delight . as it pass , francoise be reveal , stand in the water , look in towards the shore . she begin to walk in . on the beach there be sunbather , game of beach volley ball , and vendor sell food and sunglass . richard ( v.o. ) this be just the kind of place I do not want to hang around . not that it 's lack in comfort . quite the opposite . it 's get everything . everything you could possibly need to make you feel at home . and what 's the point of that . on the beach francoise pick up a towel . ext . beach restaurant . day . the restaurant front on to the beach . at the back there be a bar . Richard sit alone at a table with a drink , watch the scene on the beach , include francoise . etienne pull up a chair and sit down . francoise will join they as the dialogue proceed . etienne it 's arrange . tomorrow morning . eight hundred bath . richard Nice work . etienne there be one problem . etienne open the map on the table . etienne he will not take we to the island . it 's in the National Park and it be forbidden to go there . but we be allow to travel to this one to stay for one night . richard that 's the wrong one . etinenne I know that . francoise sit down with a drink . richard so from there to there ? francoise we swim . richard swim ? etienne we leave we rucksack on this island and then we swim . francoise you can swim ? richard yes , of course I can swim . how far do you think it be ? etienne one or two kilometer . richard oh. great . not far at all . I do not like to be negative , but do you think we should let someone know where we be go ? etienne why ? richard we be go to swim " one or two kilometer " across open sea , from one uninhabited island to another . something go wrong . what then ? francoise have you tell someone ? richard no . francoise I think it 's a bad idea to tell anyone . etienne Richard , it 's secret . that 's the whole point . richard yeah , ok . forget it . we will not tell anyone . Richard pick up the map ext . bungalow . day Richard sit on he veranda , under cover . Beyond he be a tropical downpour . he hear two set of footstep rush up the stair of the next door bungalow . two man , Americans , Zeph and sammy , try to open they door but cannot . zeph fuck , I know we lock it . we should have leave it unlock . sammy address Richard sammy we lose we key . richard where do you lose it ? zeph on the beach . or in the water . sammy the truth be we do not know . richard you try reception ? zeph close . back later . we hope . richard pretty annoying sammy it 's a disaster , to which there be only one sensible , consider , appropriate , and timely response . ext . bungalow . night . all three be stone . a joint be pass around while Zeph sing badly . zeph I smoke two joint in the morning , and I smoke two joint at night , and I smoke two joint in the afternoon , and then I feel alright . I smoke two joint in time of peace , and two in time of war . I smoke two joint before I smoke two joint and then I smoke some more . I can not remember the rest . richard perhaps you smoke too much dope . zeph not possible . sammy do you know the kentucky friend mouse story ? " richard woman bite chicken leg , turn out to be a mouse . or a rat . it 's a urban myth . sammy exactly . always happen to someone else . richard so ? sammy so there 's a urban myth , well more of a rural myth , go around here at the moment . it 's about a beach . richard uh-huh . zeph yea . this beach be perfect . it 's on a island , right , hide from the sea . imagine : pure white sand and enough dope to smoke all day every day for the rest of you life . only a few know exactly where it be and they will not tell anyone . sammy of course no one 's actually ever meet any of this people , only meet someone who have . you know what I mean . it 's a kentucky fry mouse . richard I have not hear that one before . but it 's good . it 's a good story . a torch shine on they , jolting they into some sort of reaction and a woman 's voice call out . thai woman hey , you ! I get you key ! int . bungalow . day Richard 's rucksack be pack a by the door . Richard be sit copying daffy 's map on to another sheet of paper . he finish and write a note on the copy . he put the original in he pack and lift it . ext . bungalow . day . Richard hop over the fence to the veranda of Zeph and sammy 's bungalow . he slip the fold copy under they door . he look around to check that he have not be see . ext beach . day Richard walk along a narrow wooden pontoon , he rucksack on he back . he stop about half way along at a small narrow wooden boat with a outboard motor . he look down into it . etienne and francoise walk past he along the pontoon without stop and disappear from view . richard ( v.o. ) ok , let 's face it . there be no such thing as a local fisherman anymore . there really be not the demand for they . if you want to catch fish you put down a hundred kilometer drag net . Richard walk away along the pontoon . richard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) and if you want to go somewhere - you get a taxi . ext . sea .. day . Richard , francoise and etienne sit at the back of a small powerful motor launch which skim across the surface of the sea with great noise and speed . ext . beach . day . the motor launch idle gently as it drift into the shallow of a small desert bay . Richard francoise , and etienne jump from the boat into the shallow . ext . beach . night . as the sun set they sit in silence , each shoveling down forkload of noodle . ext . beach . night . the only sound be that of cricket and the wave gently break on the shore . Richard be lie asleep on the sand . he be wake by someone rummage through the rucksack beside he . it be francoise , remove clothes , book , souvenir . eventually she find she camera , a mini-tripod and a cable-release . she place they on a unfold T-shirt on the sand . richard francoise - francoise sshh . etienne will be angry if I wake he . he think I waste film take photograph of the sky . Richard wake up and work out what she be do . richard I think so too . francoise one night I will get the perfect photograph . she press the cable release . francoise ( continue ) un , deux , trois , quatre , cinq , six . she let the shutter close . francoise ( continue ) take a look . Richard lean over and squint down the viewfinder . the sky be frame . francoise lean into the frame . Richard draw back . richard you realize that in the eternity of space , there be a planet , just like this one , where you be photograph back towards we . you be photograph yourself . francoise incredible . richard there be infinite world out there , where anything that can happen do happen . francoise so on one you be rich , on another poor . on one you be a murderer , on another the victim . richard exactly . francoise Richard , you know something - she hand he the cable release while she adjust the camera . francoise ( continue ) that be just the kind of pretentious bullshit that englishmen and Americans always say to french girl so that they can sleep with they . richard sorry . I think I be do quite well . francoise it 's just the sky , Richard . she press he thumb down on the cable release , she hand around he . francoise ( continue ) un , deux , trois , quatre , cinq , six , sept ext . night . sky . francoise voice fade away over a image of the night sky . time lapse : the sky rapidly change to day . richard ( v.o. ) when you develop a infatuation for someone , you always find a reason to believe that this be exactly the person for you . it do not need to be a good reason , a bad one will do just as well . take photograph of the night sky , for example : in the long run that 's just the kind of dumb irritate habit that would cause you to split up . but at the time - it 's the charming eccentricity you have be search for all this year . ext . beach . day . from a different beach they look towards they target : the island . it be 1 - 2 kilometer away . Richard , etienne , and francoise stand on the beach look towards it . each be in they swimwear and a T-shirt , and carry a plastic bag , inflate and tie , in which they carry they valuable and some ration . etienne one kilometer francoise two . etienne Richard ? richard I do not know - I be american . etienne so ? richard we think in mile , not kilometer . etienne so how many mile do you think it be ? richard I have no idea but it look like a long way . francoise too far ? richard if it 's too far , then we will drow . but if we do nt try then we will never know . Richard wade into the water . richard so , let 's go . richard ( v.o. ) you have to enjoy a moment like that . you just do not know , you see ; it may never happen again . once more . richard so , let 's go . richard ( v.o. ) I be such a fuck hero . " let 's go " . I feel like I would wait all my life just to say something like that . so I replay it a couple of time , take it from different perspective . ext . beach . day . multiple repeat of Richard 's moment from various perspective and speed . richard so : let 's go . richard ( v.o. ) you have to enjoy a moment like that . you just do not know , you see : it may never happen again . once more . richard so : let 's go . he dive in and begin swim . ext . sea . day . they be far out to sea now , several hundred meter from the shore . Richard swim at the front , the other two about five meter behind . richard everyone ok ? etienne we be ok . richard I think we be about half way . a few stroke later . etienne Richard - I see a fin ! richard what ! etienne a fin ! they all stop and tread water . richard a shark fin ? etienne I do not know , just a fin . over there . about a hundred meter . richard Big ? etienne yes . richard well what the fuck do you expect I to do about it . etienne nothing . I just think you ought to know . richard well to be honest , etienne , I would rather have not know about it . etienne I be sorry . richard a bit fuck late . he start swim again . a few stroke later he hear a short sharp scream from francoise . etienne francoise ! francoise ! Richard turn around . francoise be go . her plastic bag bob on the surface . etienne be frantic , hysterical . etienne ( continue ) she be go ! richard what happen ? etienne submerges briefly and resurface . etienne she just go under the water . she be pull under . oh God , I do not see she . richard be there a shark ? do you see a shark ? they both start look down at they foot and circle frantically in the water . etienne I do not know ! I do not know ! oh god. suddenly Richard scream . francoise surface , pull up he ankle . she and etienne laugh at Richard . richard very funny . you european , you have such a playful sense of humor . no wonder you comedy have conquer the world . he swim on . etienne what about moliere ? richard fuck off . he swim on without look round . ext . beach . day . one by one the three swimmer emerge from the sea and collapse on the beach . they be absolutely exhaust and lie there on the sand , unable to speak . eventually , they tear open they plastic bag , drink some water and eat some chocolate . Richard have a little water leave in he bottle . he notice francoise and etienne eyeing it enviously . he hold the bottle out towards they , then snatch it back and swig down the last of the water . ext . forest . day . Richard , francoise , and etienne walk through the forest behind the beach . ext . forest . day they scramble up a steep slope through dense foliage . Richard , at the front , pause to let the other two pass he , then he follow . ext . top of slope / clearing . day . Richard reach the top of the slope and follow the other two through a gap in the foliage . he join etienne and francoise who be stand in awe at the edge of a large clear fill with cannabis plant . etienne Nice Island . they smile and examine the plant . Richard wander a short distance away . something glint on the ground catch Richard 's eye . he lean down and pick it up . it be a empty brass cartridge from a rifle . Richard look around . just ahead he see the remain of a extinguish campfire , and beyond that , protrude from the undergrowth , a pair of male leg and beyond they , the butt of a rifle . close in on the nest in the undergrowth . the leg and gun belong to a Farmer . he be asleep . his physique be strong and he skin weathered . Richard turn back to etienne and francoise . they be still strolling amongst the plant . Richard begin to back away . the Farmer wake . he lift he gun and stand up to look out over the dope field . ext . field . day . there be no one there . ext . field . day . the farmer look around , see nobody . his attention be attract by a whistle . he look over . a group of three more , similarly armed farmer emerge from the forest at the other side . he wave at they . they beckon he across . he set off through the field . ext . among plant . day . the three intruder continue to crawl along the ground between the plant . suddenly Richard stop . the farmer 's footstep come closer . his foot pass in the gap between Richard and francoise . he pause . they lie freeze in place . he light a cigarette and drop the match . he move on . they breath again . to be continued ...