dr . bean by Richard curtis and Robin driscoll int . national gallery . boardroom - day a very grand room , with lot of wood and some very famous portrait round the wall . a group of grave gentleman and gentlewome . they be the trustee of the National Gallery . lord walton , a very grand man , sit at the table head . to he right sit he assistant , gareth . all be deep in think . lord walton fidget with a pencil on the table . he raise he head as though about to speak . everyone look up expectantly . and ... lord walton go back to fidget . so do everyone else . CUT to : credit . polygram &amp ; working title present . CUT to : int . national gallery . board room - day the scene be as silent and static as we leave it last ... then : gareth I suppose we could just sack he . CUT to : ext . mr bean' STREET . day Mr bean come out of he house , ready to face the world - he walk up the street , tutting slightly at a ' no parking ' sign he pass . the street be totally car- free except for a very visible lime green mini . a policeman stroll by and glance down at a pair of leg stick out from under it , next to a toolbox . he move on , satisfied that someone be mend they car . bean approach the car and whip out the fake leg he leave there . he then unlock the big padlock that secure the car door , pop the fake leg inside , fiddle with something else in the back seat , and drive away at a frightening speed with a smug look on he face . the theme Music - big and dramatic - begin , as do the rest of the credit . bean gaily motor on - then unexpectedly the sweeping theme tune jump , as if it have hit a scratch : the cinema audience should be worried there 's a sound fault . bean come to a street full of sleep policeman ~ he go at they at quite a lick - and every time he shoot over one of the bump , the theme tune jump violently . bean look a little annoyed into the back seat - we now see the cause of the problem . instead of have a car radio , bean have a old record player strapped into the back seat , play the theme tune . on he drive , through empty street - then jolt - he 's reach the glorious familiarity of Central London , Big Ben and all - but heel now in dreadful traffic . heel not happy . he look to the leave and see a very thin alleyway . he take out a metal comb from he pocket and , use it like a bomber 's sight - line - checker , measure the front of he car and the width of the alley . he be satisfied - do a 90 - degree turn - and shoot down the alley . it be such a perfect fit that spark fly from the door handle as they graze the wall . but at the end of the alley , the traffic 's just as bad . bean notice he 's outside harrod . there 's a tail - coat Security Guard at the ' front door . bean watch he stroll a bit down the street - and take he chance . he turn and drive straight through the double door , into the store . 2 int . harrod . day . bean and he car whizz through the ground floor , past perfume counter and leather glove rack . CUT to a Security Guard . as he pass one of the counter , bean 's little car just shoot behind he . the Guard continue through the Children 's section there be giant elephant and teddy , child 's size car , then two huge plastic tractor - and then , stock still , strangely in harmony actually , the lime Green Mini with bean in it . the Guard walk straight past . the moment he be go , bean shoot off again - but , damn ! , spy another Guard and be force to turn and drive down some very steep stair indeed . the theme song go crazy as the record player jump . CUT to : 6 people wait at a gild lift . they hear a strange sound , and turn to see what it be . in fact , it 's come from inside the lift . when the lift door open , out shoot the Mini through the double door and back into the street . 3 ext . knightsbridge . day . out in the street , bean be face by a accident . there be flash light , a crumpled car , suggestion of hurt passenger . bean look concerned . CUT to : ext . the strand . day . a ambulance roar through the traffic . it reach its hospital , turn off , and there , right smack behind it be the Mini . cut in to see bean , smile broadly . he whizze into trafalgar Square , maybe even across it , send pigeon and tourist fly , and park directly outside the statuesque National Gallery . of course , there 's not another car there . just the Gallery and the mini . CUT to : ext . national gallery - day bean get out of the car , take out he bag - think a little , open it and take out a " Doctor on call ' sign . to re-enforce it , he put a bone in the back window and a skull of the front seat . happy with the arrangement , he be - lock the padlock and set off smile up the big , stair to work . as he do so , pan up the building , and into the window of the room where that board meeting be take place . CUT to : int . national gallery . boardroom - day gareth look , I do not hate the man but ... lord walton I know , gareth . it 's the mental strain he inflict on we all . how be Professor bradbury a grand gentleman , mr morrison , pipe up . I be morrison heel get the feel back in he finger - but he hand be still staple together . lord walton mmmm , and how far be we with the computer , hubert ? 4 hubert timothy be load the final catalogue data as we speak , milord . a awful thing to say , but when the program 's up and run we , Mr. bean will become a little less than .... useful ? a glimmer of hope . int . national gallery . portrait section - day bean wander past three or four portrait and mimic the character in they . he pass a guard . guard ( not look up from he book ) Morning , bean . the guard sigh with boredom . he get this from bean every day . as bean move on , he tread on the heel of a tourist 's shoe . it come off - bean move on blithely . CUT to : int . national gallery . cartoon room entrance - day bean be pass the very special room where Leonardo Da vinci 's cartoon , ' the virgin and child ' , hang , preserve by a very dim artificial light . there be silhouettes of a few tourist in the room reverently study the work , listen to a female gallery guide . bean dip into he pocket for he identity badge and in so do bring out a coin . the coin drop and roll into the special room . bean follow it into the darkness . gallery guide ( hushed ) ... by Leonardo Da vinci . as you can see , the special light in here go some way to protect the draw from photodisintegration cause by gamma ... the camera stay outside the room with the picture in view . we hear the squeak of a tiny door open , then a click . the room be suddenly flood in blaze white light . the onlooker gasp in horror . 5 bean re-emerges from the room with he precious coin . as a afterthought he pop he hand round the doorway and turn off the light . he scuttle away . the gallery guide shake she head in total exasperation . CUT to : int . national gallery . boardroom - day gareth maybe it would be simpler to pack all we painting onto truck and move the entire National Gallery somewhere else . and not tell he . hubert second . we could all move to France . GEORGE all that in favour . they all raise they hand wildly . lord walton come on - settle down everyone . CUT to : int . national gallery . elevator - day bean stand in the elevator silently with four other people . he give himself a long squirt of breathfreshener . then offer it to the other , who politely refuse he . so he stand still again . pause . bean then smell something unpleasant . he lean and have a little sniff of the person to he leave . all right there . then he sniff to he right , and reel at what he smell . he again take out the breath freshener , and force it upon vincent , a elderly gentleman , who be mortify . at this moment the elevator stop - bean and vincent get out and the camera follow vincent as he head for the boardroom door and enter . he be another trustee . this dialogue be hear from behind the close door . vincent I be sorry I be late . gareth why can not we just give he the boot for cry out loud ?! 6 vincent steady on , old man . I only ... gareth not you , you idiot . CUT to : int . national gallery . corridor - day bean , with cup of tea , walk along a corridor . he can not not interfere for tidiness sake . one empty room he switch off the light . another he shut the door . he pass a computer room , with a open door where a big man be busily type in a programme - bean look at he snootily and head on . he approach the door to he office . a sign read : ' storage &amp ; catalogue ' . there be a huge padlock on the door . bean take out a big key and enter he domain . CUT to : int . national gallery . storage office - day . bean enter . he 's be here for year and make it he own . it 's a odd little world . there 's a frame picture of shirley bassey on he desk and airfix plane hang from the ceiling . also a large cosy armchair and a t.v. a pleasant man in a suit , around 40 , breeze in . suit man ah bean , I be look for a painting by Van hocht . still life. circa 1670 . can do ? bean nod . this be what bean like to do best . the camera follow as he turn see the extraordinary sight behind he ... his office be just a tiny corner of a massive storage room , hundred of foot high and long , the wall completely full of rack after rack of store painting . at the end of the room , we can see hundred of sculpture : bust , modern abstract , man on horse , classical maiden , rodins , the lot . it 's like the giant storehouse at the end of ' raider of the lose ark . 7 bean set off into it in he own eccentric way . he know exactly where heel go . he climb a ladder , like you find in a library - then push himself off , and whizze the entire length of the room on slippery wooden runner . he have now reach the sculpture area , but the painting heel look for be on the other side . he cross the room by use the sculpture as a kind of artistic obstacle course . in front of he be the burgher of calais , a rodin statue of 5 prisoner in chain . he simply walk across they 5 head , like stone in a stream . he then come to a abstract modern piece , which he use as a slide and at the end of which , he crawl through the hole in the next modern thing . he then begin to climb up various famous ancient statue , use the mouth as foothole , breast as support , codpiece as step and empty eye as finger hole . after a problem get he . foot catch in the jaw of a sculpture dog , he walk flat along a modern sculpture , then use a sequence of classic sculpture as stair - on the head of a little dega ballerina , one step on to the bottom of a horse , two step onto the head of the person riding the horse , three step and now he 's on the other side of the hall . he then triumphantly pull out a painting . it 's the one ! , suit man what would we do without you ! the entire inventory of british Art store in that one , curious brain of yours . bean beam . int . national gallery . boardroom - day gareth then we be agree , gentleman . he go . vincent only if we be positive that the new catalogue database will render Mr. bean 's hitherto ' talent ' obsolete . hubert there 's no question . 8 lord walton very well . Mr bean be .... art history . we can all stop take the pill . a reserve smatter of laughter , from relief more than anything . lord W. talk into a intercom on the table . lord walton miss hutchinson , would you send Mr. bean up to the boardroom , please . miss hutchinson ( v/o ) yes sir. oh , and Lord Walton , the grierson Gallery call again . lord walton thank you . ( to the room ) one final thing . once again we have be invite by the grierson Gallery of Southern California to second one of we staff for a short visit . the grierson have a fairly modest collection - but it do include the most famous american painting of all , ' whistler 's mother ' . any thought ? cut to the trustee - they shake they head and wrinkle , they nose , not very interested . a 106 year old sir rupert put up he hand . lord walton yes . Sir rupert . and may I say sir , how honoure we be that you still grace we with all you time , wisdom , and infinite knowledge . you invaluable thought , sir ? sir rupert could you speak up please . I do not catch the question . CUT to : int . national gallery . storage office - day back in he office area bean ceremoniously hand suit man the Van hocht painting . he 's very proud of himself . suit man thank you , bean . you be a genius . 9 bean laugh - delighted . suit man exit and miss hutchinson enter , warily . miss hutchinson Mr. bean . Lord Walton would like to see you in the boardroom . bean give a little pleasure squeak . how exciting for he . he follow miss hutchinson out into the corridor . CUT to : int . national gallery . corridor . day bean walk along the same corridor as before . turn off another light . then come to the room where he see the programmer . the computer , show a Van gogh portrait , be on and no - one 's there . bean , who hate waste electricity , go in to switch it off . we see the Van gogh change to a pictorial representation of the storage room - with a arrow point to where the Van gogh be locate . bean be clearly go to be replace by this programme . or not ... bean search for the plug , but it 's under acre of desk - so he simply pull a cable out of the back the computer . the entire system click off . at which moment the programmer come back in . programmer what 's happen here ? bean ahm ... with a slightly guilty smile he pick up the cable again look with puzzlement at the five available place to plug it in and just take a random guess . and a disastrous one . there be a ugly electrical fizzle . the screen come on white , then pop out completely . bean ah .... ahm .... bean realise that he have do something wrong and quickly shove the cable into another circuit . the Van gogh appear happily on the screen . bean and programmer both give out a sigh of relief . bean smile and leave quickly . but a second later the computer screen disintegrate and the Van gogh slide down the screen like a water - colour in the rain . the prog difficult to breathe . 10 CUT to : int . national gallery . boardroom - day lord walton you have you voting slip , gentleman . please remember the Americans be look for something quite high power . a doctorate preferably ... there be a knock at the door . bean enter . lord walton smile . the rest of the face in the room be look dangerously close to smug . bean be very nervous indeed . lord walton ( gravely ) ah , Mr. bean . please take a seat for a moment . I have some news which will not , I be afraid ... the phone ring . lord walton answer . bean sit next to vincent and sniff at he . vincent 's breath have not improve . lord walton ( into phone ) yes ? put he on ... timothy . the computer ... yes ... when ? how ? all of it ? absolutely all of it ? do you back it up ? how long will it ... ? another six month . Fair enough . come up here will you , dear boy . he slowly hang up . everyone have get the gist of what have just occur with the new computer - the energy drain from they all as they contemplate another six month with bean still on the staff . lord walton cough politely . lord walton as I be say , gentleman . the grierson Gallery . South California . great opportunity . thousands - of mile - away though it be . doctorate or ( impishly ) no doctorate , perhaps all get the message at the same moment and hurriedly scribble on they voting slip . the slip get hand down the line to lord walton . we see that every single slip have ' bean ' on it . lord walton Mr. bean . wonderful news . you be go to America . mr. bean ( overwhelm ) ooooh , how lovely . there be a knock at the door . the fat , bespectacle , programmer put he head round it . lord walton ( beam ) ah , timothy . you be sack . CUT to : int . national gallery . corridor - day bean round a corner and walk towards we , imitate a bowlegge cowboy . the theme from Bonanza play . he whip out he pair of imaginary six shooter , spin they on he finger and return they to - they imaginary holster , make gun sound effect . he 's very happy .- he pass the Security Guard - he draw he gun on he - zero reaction the Guard just raise he eyebrow and yawn . bean head on through the gallery merrily - but suddenly , he good mood be break , when he notice 3 schoolgirls enter a new exhibition , call the ultra-human form . this worry he - and we soon see why - bean head in to the room where all the painting be very graphic nude , and the 3 girl be have a good giggle . bean quickly rush over and with he hand cover the breast of the painting they be inspect . two girl then move on to the next painting - which unfortunately also have breast . bean stretch and just manage to cover they with he other hand . now the third girl head on , so bean can drop the hand on the first painting - but now have to try to cover the breast on the third painting , which be a real long stretch away . he can not quite make it , so he take off he shoe , which give he the extra 3 inch . again , safe . just . now , all three girl leave the painting - but , to bean 's chagrin , head over to a classical nude sculpture in the middle of the room . it 's like the 3 grace , 3 naked woman back to back . bean think fast . he quickly whip off he 12 belt and rush over to the statue , where he succeed in looping it round to cover all six nipple . unfortunately the girl have already lose interest and head over to the other side of the gallery . to bean 's horror . because at that moment we reveal what be on the other side of the room . a epic painting in the style of the other - with literally 40 graphically naked people . bean sprint across the room , stand on a chair , and desperately try to cover a particularly lurid example of a gentleman 's manhood . at which moment the teacher of the party and 40 other schoolgirls appear and scream in chorus . bean think that it be the painting that have cause offence and be in outrage agreement with they . he turn . cut wide to reveal that they be scream because he 's beltless trousers have fall down . CUT to : ext . grierson gallery . america - day . 8.30 be California time . a modern building with plenty of glass . large , modern sculpture be spot around its grounds , include a dramatic one of two huge old car , head down in the ground , back protrude into the air . thomas grierson , owner of the gallery , wear a slick expensive suit , walk with dave leary and bernie , both in casual jacket and tie . grierson be a vain , slightly pedantic and pompous man - maybe short - always just try to show he 's boss . the three be strolling towards the main entrance . huge sign : ' the grierson gallery ' with a silhouette of whistler 's mother take from the painting , as a incorporate logo . grierson Lord Walton assure I this guy 's one of the very top scholar in the English art world . have a couple of doctorate no less . bernie great news . bernie be smooth and smiley . david leary , vice President , be a very pleasant , but slightly worried man , knock on 40 . too nice for he own good . the three pass a lone mime artist wear a cheap vac-form president clinton face mask . David can not help be just a little nice to he and find himself leave behind . he scamper to catch up . 9 first , catch under the handle - then the couch , then four other chair - and finally the deep freeze . no -one 's go to get in through that door . back in the hall bean push the string back inside the letter box and slap he hand in satisfaction . he lock the door 's enormous padlock , look about carefully to make sure no one 's around , and then hide the key under a garden gnome on the floor , stand amongst a row of pathetic pot plant . mix through to : int . airport . reception desk . night the lady check in bean look puzzle as she hold he passport . so he pull the shockingly stupid face . 0h yes , she see , that 's the guy in the picture . she hand he he ticket . check -in lady here we go , sir . you have be move to l st. class . apparently you friend at the Gallery be so delighted that you be finally on you way . bean be very touch . CUT to : int . airport lounge - night bean enter the first class lounge . it 's fairly empty , but bean still squeeze himself between a old lady drink a cup of tea , and a very grand look american military man in a business suit . the Grand man light up a cigar . this do not please Mr " no smoke bean . first , he wave the smoke away , in small , then big , then huge wafting motion . then he try , miming , to cut it up into segment and move they aside . the man pay no attention at all . bean put a plastic mug over he face , like a gas mask and breathes heavily . the man look at he - but do not give a damn bean now take a paper bag - catch some of the smoke , and take it over and empty it into the dust bin . the Grand man go on smoking stubbornly . he then see a magazine rack and leave he cigar as he go to get one . 13 david sound like a real coup , sir ... get this Doctor of ... grierson various thing . thank you . however , as you know , this be not a inexpensive venture , and , financially speak , we be in very serious crap right now . he can not quite hide he tackiness . ) david hold the door for grierson - then see a old woman come towards he . he wait for she to go through , and due to he sweetness , be again leave behind . he rush to catch up . they be now pass the reception counter cum gallery shop . david exchange smile with the cashier , annie . very bubbly , not very bright . the shop be full of whistler 's mother memorabilia - poster , card , porcelain statuette . grierson so ... I be wonder if one of you would have this guy stay in you home instead of some expensive hotel . bernie Love to , sir , but no can do . no spare room . period . grierson David ? david oh , look , I mean , it 's kind of the last thing ... I mean , I would really like to , but ... thing at home be kind of sensitive , so I could not really er ... grierson I think perhaps as vice - President , and in view of the unfortunate attendance 's for the summer show this year ... the massive financial loss ... david on the other hand ... maybe a breath of fresh air be just what my family need ... yes. great news . fabulous . triumphant . course it might need a little smoothing over . when 's he due ? grierson hand david a piece of paper . grierson tomorrow . you have a problem with that ? pause david no. perfect . look forward to it . CUT to : int . london . photo booth . day . the camera face Mr bean sit in a photo booth . his face be totally impassive for 1 , 2 , then 3 flash . and then , just before the 4th flash , he pull the biggest , maddest face you have ever see . flash ! he give a little satisfied giggle . CUT to : ext . the leary house - day 7 p.m. California time . a pleasant suburban house . david 's car pull into the drive . jennifer , he slightly gothic 16 year old daughter , be kissing brad , she scruffy boyfriend . he sit astride a motor scooter . he have a bum-fluff moustache . david get out of he car and approach they . david hi , Jennifer . how be school ? ( she do not break the kiss with Brad ) oh really ? that 's good , great . fantastic . we will talk some more . the two continue kissing as david move on . he 's just about to head for the house when a swish convertible draw up at the curb . david 's wife , alison , have be give a lift home by she young attractive boss , charle . they be laugh in the car as david walk up . 15 he be slightly disturb to see alison kiss charle on the cheek before get out with she port folio . charle smile pleasantly on see david . charle hello , David . david hi , Charles . ( to alison ) wow - late ! alison ( brightly ) I have to do some last minute stuff . charle my fault . we have get a heavy load on at present . how about you , gallery go well ? david ahm , well , you know ~ that 's a tough question - on one ' level I think it .... alison do not ask he about work , Charlie . life 's too short . alison be the same age as david , but seem to have last the course better - she 's confident , in good shape . the atmosphere be awkward . jennifer scream out . her 8 year old brother , kevin have sprung from the shrubbery and lassoed she and brad . alison go over to sort they out . alison Kevin ! you stop that right now ! charle great kid . good look too . david you think so ? well I 'spose they be pretty , you know ... okay , look - wise . charle take after they mother , huh ? david ah ... absolutely . david be not very happy here . 16 CUT to : int . the leary house . kitchen - day it be open plan and lead through into the lounge . david and alison enter . alison put she port folio on the table and lead david onto a sofa . she put she arm round he . alison let 's take a break , David . this weekend , why do not we just get into the car and drive to the coast . find a motel . like before the kid be bear . go to a fairground . win I another bambi . she reach across and pick up a little ceramic bambi on a table next to the couch . alison Jennifer can stay and look after Kevin david sound great . excellent . though - , ahm ... there 's this guy who 's come to work at the Gallery , from England ... alison ( suspiciously ) yeeee ? david and they ask I if we would like to ... you know ... put he up for a while . alison there be not hotel ? david yes , there be hotel . they just think maybe it would be nice for he to stay with a real american family . popcorn , waffle , all that stuff . alison ( pointedly ) and what do you say ? david I say I would check with you . she look at he piercingly . this clearly happen a lot . she know when he 's tell the truth . pause . david then I say ' yes ' . she put bambi carefully back on the table , get up and move to the kitchen . david follow . alison do we know anything about he ? david ahm - he 's male . he 's English . he 's a doctor of er ... at least 2 thing . I think they would have mention if he be a blind dwarf . or one of that guy who kill lot of people all the time . I think we be look at someone moderately normal here . alison David - be you ever go to learn to say ' no ' ? david yes. yes. ( pause ) sometime . she shake she head . alison it 's the last thing we need . david that 's exactly what I say ... before I say - great , it 's a sensational idea . " he know he 's make a mess here . enter kevin , they smart young son , strolling through . kevin hiya dad ~ I will need you upstairs for homework in about .... ( check watch ) oh , 20 minute . david great , good . and kevin exit . 18 david do not kid do they own homework , like way back ? year ago ? no. course not . just imagine it . alison be not really listen . much tension . CUT to : ext . mr. bean' bed - sit - night 9.30 p.m. U.K. time . a black London taxi be park outside a terrace house with its motor idling . its driver look feed up wait . bean appear at a downstairs window , motion to he watch that he will not be long . CUT to : int . mr. bean' bed - sit - day mr . bean be ready to leave he room . batter old suitcase in hand , he check the room from the doorway . every conceivable thing that can be open - cupboard , drawer , fridge - sport a oversize padlock . even bean 's old g.p.o. phone have one on its dial . bean look across to he teddy , who be loung on a miniature chair , inside a up -side cardboard box . the box be sit on a armchair . a hand - write sign , tape to its roof read : ' teddy HOTEL ' follow by three star . 19 a smaller sign inform we that the hotel be : ' full ' . bean be just about to leave but stop to consider . take a feel tip pen , he add two more star on the hotel hoard , as a treat . he then , slightly , incomprehensibly , begin to tie string it around various object in the flat . the fridge - the corner of a chair , a couch leg . CUT to : int . mr. bean' residence's hallway ~ day bean leave he flat . lee notice a large official sign stick on the door say ' no smoking " . he now turn he attention to the piece of string hang out the letter box in he door . grabbing the bunch of they , he pull . CUT to back inside the flat . we now understand the string - as all the furniture start to move across the flat . it work incredibly neatly the chair reach the door 20 bean act fast . he take the cigar - and quickly dunk it in the old woman 's cup of tea . he sit there , guiltlessly , as the Grand man return . simultaneously , the man try to suck the wet cigar , and the Old woman drink the disgusting tea . a horrid experience for both . CUT to : int . aeroplane - day . board time . bean enter the plane and turn right , into the body of the plane . after walk right down the plane , he be direct by a hostess back up to first . as he walk back , we notice the ' ridiculous contrast , from totally cramped accommodation with hundred of child and muzak , to the elegance , and space of first class . bean could not be more thrilled . there follow a sequence of short moment from this nightmare flight . 1 / the Old tea- drink Lady be be help with she , luggage . a hostess slide it into the compartment above she head . old lady be careful . it 's for my Grand -daughter . the next instant bean come up with he case . he open the same locker , and try to fit he case in . do not quite go - so he push it violently . we hear crunching crack sound . finally , it 's almost there - bean slam the locker door . one final definitive , though muffle , smash . the old lady look at bean suspiciously . 2 / bean sit down - and who should be he next door neighbour ? the Grand man , whose name be reynold . bean smile merrily . the affection be not mutual . Champagne come round instantly . bean take it , along with a small bowl of nut , and clink glass with he unsmile partner . bean try to impress he by throw nut up into the air and catch they in he mouth ( a well practise art ) . no response . bean then switch on the noisy overhead air blower . then can not turn it down again . it 's very stick . he manage however to push it away from he face - straight into reynold ' . reynold look annoyed , bean guiltless . 21 then ' bean have a idea . he take a tissue out of he pocket , put in he mouth , chew it into a spitball and ram it into the blower . both of they be relieved . reynold pick up he champagne to have he first proper sip . and whapp ! the spitball , under high pressure , shoot into it , send champagne spraying all over reynold . not a good start . 3/--bean be read the in -flight magazine . there 's a annoying sound . he look sideways - it be the headphone of the young boy in the seat across the aisle . he 's fall asleep with he headphone on . bean look annoyed . then suddenly decide to cut he fingernails with a little pair of scissors he carry . he hold out he hand to snip the nail - and accidentally on purpose simply cut the wire of the boy 's headset . that 's better . 4 / night . Wide shot of the plane - everyone be asleep except one pool of light . it 's Mr bean still up , read . but even he be wilting . his eye close , and he body start to waver towards sleep . next to he , reynold be in a total lie position - and unfortunately , as bean slowly tip over , he mouth come into direct contact with reynold ' fly . from across the compartment , a hostess see what 's happen . she 's shocked , come over and tap bean on the , , shoulder . he shoot up , and nearly strangle she in shock . she calm he down , show he how to put he chair back - and leave he to sleep . CUT on .... 5 / reynold still asleep . with bean asleep completely on top of he . completely . his hand be spread on reynold ' face . reynold ' eye open . he see what 's happen . his arm go up and ring for the hostess . 6 / Morning have break . reynold be still try to sleep - bean be wide awake . the hostess approach , and the mother of the young boy say she son be not very well . bean decide to cheer he up . he mime a aeroplane which make the boy feel more ill . then do a rather good lizard impersonation by stick bit of paper to he tongue and eye-lid and flutter they . he then bring out a scrunch up bag of dolly mixture and do he trick of throw a sweet in the air and catch it in he mouth . the boy be too ill to be impressed . bean try to cheer he up with he imaginary gun pretend to be a cowboy and then a tough american cop. nothing . then he have a extremely fun idea . he empty the dolly mixture from the paper bag and pocket they . 22 he then blow up the empty bag and be about to pop it to wake reynold , when he see it 's get a hole in it . no fun . meanwhile , the Boy have take out he sick - bag . bean be delighted - yes , that 's perfect . he turn away for a split second to scrunch up the useless bag , while , unseen to he , the boy vomit into he bag . bean turn , grab the bag from he - blow into it , put it right into reynold ' face at arm length , and smack he hand together . CUT at just the right moment . CUT to : int . american airport . arrival - night the traditional exit area . a random bunch of people be wait - relative , limousine driver - and , rather strangely , three 30 year old woman dress in curly red wig from the musical , ' Annie ' . the leary be at the barrier . kevin have a cardboard sign with ' mr . bean ' write on it . people be stream out of the arrival gate . alison be not happy . actually no one be . jennifer look particularly feed up . david for all you know , he may be a very attractive young man . jennifer oh come on - the guy 's go to be a creep . all englishmen be ugly . david what make you say that ? jennifer all the guy they claim be English to and good- look like Dan Day -lewis and liam neeson , turn out to be irish . even Anthony hopkins be welsh . Prince Charles be so ugly they pay he two million buck a year to stay indoors . david Richard burton be very good-look . jennifer welsh . david Sean connery . 23 alison Scottish . david Tom Jones ? jennifer welsh again . david okay , so the guy 's gonna look like meatloaf 's backside . no -one 's ask you to go to bed with he . jennifer glare at he . a tired alison have have enough of this wait already . alison bed sound good though . bed sound great . CUT to : int . american airport . conveyer - night bean , be off the plane . reynold stride ahead of he , a huge wet patch in a semi-circle around he neck . bean come to a move walkway . he step on to it sheepishly , think it 's very dare and brave , grip the handrail as though he be travel at 100 mph . but soon he gain great confidence . he stand up straight , both hand off the rail . there be a couple of cop lean against a wall , chat . bean notice they gun . slip into role - play mode , he reach into he breast pocket , ready to bring out he imaginary shooter ... the last security guard he try this with just yawn ~ so bean think it 's safe . but this time , the cop turn and stare at he tensely .. fluster by they interest in he , bean need to get away . he turn , but find that he be walk in the opposite direction , on the spot . the cop read this as suspicious behaviour and move towards he suspiciously . bean turn to get himself go in the right direction . the cop follow . bean run . the cop give chase . CUT to : 24 int . ' american airport . arrival - night a little bald man arrive at the barrier . the three red wigge clone from the musical , ` Annie ' swamp he with shriek and kiss . the leary be get impatient . kevin ( bored ) who do you think be the ugliest guy who ever live . david well , Michael bolton 's pretty grisly . kevin I vote for Bart . jennifer shut up , Kevin . kevin no , seriously - I know he 's you boyfriend , but there 's something about he upper lip that be so weird . what do you think it be , dad ? Jen say it 's a moustache , I say it 's a cluster of about 11 mosquito , rest . jennifer you know the thing I hate most about child ? kevin nope . jennifer you . CUT to : int . american airport . corridor - night bean be run down the busy corridor with the two cop in pursuit . they draw they gun . two more cop appear , come from the opposite direction . bean be trap . he drop he case . cop 1 Police ! stop or we shoot ! 25 passer - by scream and throw themselves to the floor . bean freeze on the spot , terrify . all four cop have they gun train on he in the shoot position . cop 1 carefully take out you weapon , hold the butt with two finger only . slowly place it on the floor and take three pace back ! Dead slowly , bean put he hand into he inside jacket pocket and bring it back out make in the shape of a gun . he slowly transfer that imaginary item to the finger and thumb of he leave hand . he bend down and place it on the floor then take three pace back . he give out a big breath after the effort of it all . the cop just stare at he , gob-smack . Little old lady from plane steer up from nowhere . she rattles she box of break china and kick bean in the shin . thing be not go he way . CUT to : int . american airport . police interview room - night Bright and clinical . Close on bean sit behind a table ; a very small man in very big trouble . behind he , two uniform cop stand guard . a large , black plain clothes detective sit opposite , smoking a cigarette . this be brutus . he study bean 's passport photo . it 's the baboon face . he hold it up to bean 's face to make a comparison . bean pull the face to match the photo . brutus Mr. bean . be you presently on any kind of medication at all ? bean think deeply for a moment then shake he head . brutus you could certainly use some . CUT to : int . american airport . arrival - night alison , jennifer and kevin be slump in seat near the barrier . david walk up . alison what do they say ? 26 david well , they be kind of busy but it do not look like ... alison do you really ask ? david I be not sure I get the right person but they be a bit busy ... alison what 's wrong with you , David ? all you have to do be say , Excuse I , I have be sit here since the start of the millennium and I would really like some action from you before the end of the world . I will go . david no , no. I '11 try again ... alison I say , I '11 go . she go . kevin shake he head disappointedly al , -- he father . david slump down on the seat . he overhear jennifer flirt with a incredibly undesirable bloke in a leather jacket - white , with rasta hair extension , and about sixty ring in he nose . ( this be stingo ) . jennifer so. where do you parent live ? stingo my parent be dead . david be pretty confident that he know who kill they . jennifer yeah , so be mine . CUT to : ext . american airport . taxi rank . night cop 1 put bean in the back of a taxi with he case . he take some dollar note from he own wallet and hand they to the driver . 27 cop 1 just get he the hell out of here , will ya ? he slam the door and the taxi drive away . CUT to : int . american airport -. arrival - night the leary be all asleep in eccentric position on the seat . jennifer 's head be rest on stingo 's leg . Kevin 's cardboard sign with ' mr . bean , write on it fall from he lap to the floor . CUT to : ext . the leary house - night the taxi draw up outside the house . bean get out with he case . the cab driver be strangely friendly . cab driver thanks man , I can not tell you how much I appreciate talk to ya . in this job you get so many jerk spilling they gut all over ya , with they stupid problem ... but you , you be a great listener , ya know that ? bean smile politely . taxi drive away . bean walk up to ' the front porch , check the house number on he piece of paper and press the doorbell . no answer . press again . still no answer ... now where have they hide the key . he inspect thing carefully . the camera see what he see ... the doormat , the flowerpot , the window - ledge ... and then he spot a little stone frog . bean smile . Key hide be something he know about - and people be pathetically obvious about it . bean pick up the frog to reveal the front door key . it glint in the porch -light . CUT to : int . the leary house . hallway - night bean let himself in . the pre-alarm buzzer go off quietly . he have 15 second before the alarm go off proper . he stroll confidently to where the alarm control unit obviously be ... under the stair . 28 Close - up of flash l.e.d. again , bean look carefully and find the magnetic box , housing a little key , attach to the underside of the console . just as the alarm go off , for the splittest of a secondette , he turn the key in its slot ... and be safe . bean find the switch and turn on the hall light . he switch it off again ... then on . then rapidly click it on and off repeatedly . fun. CUT to : ext . the leary house - night shot from across the street , with all the house light flash off and on madly . CUT to : int . the leary house . lounge - night bean stand in front of the television , look a little annoyed about the fact that the remote control in he hand be have no effect at all . he stab at it randomly . CUT to : ext . the leary house - night the garage door be swinging open and close rhythmically . CUT to : int . david be car - night kevin and jennifer be asleep in the back . david drive in silence , alison next to he . uneasy atmosphere . david stab at button on the car radio . alison it be not work any more , David . david I know - I '11 take it in to George tomorrow ' - he will fix it . stupid thing . he switch it off . 29 alison no , US . it 's not work any longer - you and I . pause . david 's now hear it completely . he take he eye off the road and stare at alison a moment too long . a car 's horn snatch back he attention . david Jesus . alison I need some time , David . a little time . it 's not just you . it 's partly I . david but in general ... it 's ... mostly I , right ? pause . single shot of alison and David . she do not answer . he be destitute . CUT to : int . the leary house . hallway - night bean wander down the stair in he pyjamas . he see a walkman - and put it on happily . he move to the rhythm . he lock the door , turn on the alarm and turn off the hall light . CUT to : ext . the leary house - night david 's car turn into the drive just as the hall light go off . ( for the next few minute , knife - edge timing 0 be all ) . the leary sleepily get out of the car and approach the house . david bring out he door key . CUT to : int . the leary house . upstair landing - night the exact moment the key turn in the lock , bean , still wear headphone , disappear into a bedroom with a little ceramic sign on it say : ' guest room ' . the exhaust family enter a apparently untouched house . kevin turn on the stair light , climb to he room off the landing and close the door on which a sign read : ' kevin ' . 30 at that instant bean walk out , look for the bathroom with he wash bag . he look up at the light . it should not be on . he frown , turn it off and exit to bathroom . at which precise moment jennifer , zombie-like , be halfway up the stair jennifer thanks a lot , Kevin ! jennifer go into she room . the sign read : ` jennifer '. alison turn on the light and climb the stair . David head into the kitchen . they exchange a sad look . she go into they bedroom : the sign read : ' grup ' . at which instant , bean , still wear headphone , leave the bathroom , and head downstairs .... CUT to : int . the leary house . kitchen - night the light be on . david take a deep breath . bad night . he pick up a empty coffee jar , sigh and go into the pantry a full one . bean enter . he open the refrigerator and he study the food on offer . nothing he fancy ... then bingo ! he see a little plate of 3 strawberry . he eat one , then two , then pop the third into he mouth . it taste a bit off , so he take it out of he mouth , put it back on the plate , close the fridge door , and exit ... just as david come out of the pantry . Close on bean 's hand as it come round the door frame and turn off the light . david , on the move , stub he toe on a chair . he groan in pain , limp to the fridge . he spot the lone , already suck strawberry and pop it into he mouth . CUT to : int . the leary house . D &amp ; a's bedroom - night alison be watch t.v. in bed with the remote control . david enter with orange juice and put it down by he side of the bed . david the light blow in the kitchen . I will fix it tomorrow . they be not a happy couple . she concentrate on the tv even turn it up a little . CUT to : int . the leary house . bathroom - night bean turn on the basin 's cold faucet . it gush noisily . CUT to : int . the leary house . D &amp ; a's bedroom - night Close on letterman on the tv . the noise from it drown out any noise from the bathroom . ( the bathroom have two door - one into david and alison 's bedroom , the other onto the landing ) .. CUT to : int . the leary house . bathroom - night bean can not hear the t.v. because of he headphone . he take out he toothbrush but notice a electric one on a shelf with spare brush head . he 's intrigue . he swap the head and enjoy clean he tooth with this clever modern implement . - he put the electric brush down and check he tooth in the mirror . he have forget to turn off the brush and so it vibrate off the sink and land in the toilet . bean fish it out and place it back on the shelf where he find it . he turn off faucet , then exit , turn out the light . david enter and turn the light on again . he take down the toothbrush and clean he tooth . he call through the bedroom door . david that poor guy , bean ... he 's probably still sit at London Airport ! he finish he tooth then run the hot faucet . he exit to bedroom as bean enter from hall with dirty sock . CUT to : int . the leary house . D &amp ; a's bedroom - night alison be still watch t.v . the volume be get to david . david alison , please . 32 CUT to : int . the leary ' house . bathroom ~ night bean be just finish wash he sock in David 's water . he ring the dirty water from they , and exit . david enter in he under short . he check he tired eye in the mirror then wash he face in the basin water without look . CUT to : int . the leary house . landing ~ night bean notice a frame photograph on the wall . it be of the leary family . they be group outside they house . it be a very happy picture . bean smile at it . he take it off the wall and take it into a bedroom . as the door quietly close we see the sign : ' jennifer ' . CUT to : int . the leary house . D &amp ; a's bedroom - night light be out . david and alison in bed . the latter be face away . david I need to make a confession . I know you be awake . please , it 's important . ( Long pause ) alison ( without stir ) go ahead . david I have the last strawberry in the refrigerator . alison smile in spite of herself . she turn over and put she arm around david . she get up close to he face . alison there be three strawberry . david one . 33 alison liar . david 0h Ali we can work this thing out , you know . alison smile , sleepily , and go to kiss he . she stop and sniff . thoroughly put off , she roll over and close she eye . david Ali ? what 's wrong ? alison you face smell like a foot . CUT to : ext . the leary house - day the next morning . shot from across the street : a newspaper boy deliver . bird sing . it 's a lovely , peaceful , early morning . then ... a terrifying girl 's scream pierce the quiet . CUT to : int . the leary house . upstair landing - day the whole family charge out onto the landing . jennifer hurtle out of she room scream . she barge through the family and lock herself in the bathroom . alison what be it ? Jennifer ! jennifer ( 0.o.v . ) ... there 's a man ... there 's a man ... there 's a man in my ... david honey , calm down now ... it 's okay ... jennifer ( p.o.v . ) there 's a man . I wake up next to a man ... kevin it would not be the first time . 34 alison shut up , Kevin . ( to Jennifer ) honey , you - be not make sense ... david it 's okay . there 's no one out here . just open the door . trust I . pause ... then a click of the bathroom lock ... Jennifer come out . then there 's another click . bean breeze out of Jennifer 's bedroom , past the family , in he pyjamas , carry a wash bag and a towel over he arm . he wave to they friendly , slip into the bathroom and close the door . the family stare in amazement . CUT to : int . the leary house . kitchen - day the family , now dress for work and school , be have breakfast at the kitchen table . after a uncomfortable silence : kevin he make Prince Charles look kind of handsome . alison he can not stay here , David . david okay . it 's not a problem ... let 's just sit ... I '11 talk to the gallery ... alison David , I be serious ! david I know you be . very serious ... most of the time this day . alison now what do that mean ? my daughter wake up with a strange man in she bed , and I be suppose to think it 's amusing ? ( look at he tie ) that tie 's god-awful . why do you wear it ? david be throw . he look down at he tie . jennifer look grumpy . kevin be eat happily . 35 bean enter , dress , carry a plastic carrier bag . he acknowledge the family with a grunt and a smile . david ah , Mr bean ... bean Excuse I . he move to the phone , check he watch and dial quickly . CUT to : int . bean be bed - sit - england - night the ancient g.p.o. phone start to ring on a small table . ( the follow take place in a matter of second ) . on the table be two , large , shiny , hard back book , wedge up at one end and sloping away at right angle to one another . each book have a pair of ruler set , parallel to one another , in play - doh . they each form a canal . between one pair of ruler sit a small box of salt . between the other pair be a miniature bust of beethoven . as the phone continue to ring and vibrate the table , this item judder along the canal , a inch at a time . the box of salt teach the bottom of the book and topple over the edge of the table . ( the beethoven bust ' teeter on the edge of its book ) . the salt land in a plastic funnel , tape to the top of a bamboo stick . the bottom of the stick sit on the BBC 2 button of a t.v. remote control . Close - up of its infrared l.e.d. as it flash once . the phone stop ringing . CUT to : the t.v. come on at the start of a documentary about grizzly bear . a voice - over begin a narration . CUT to : close on teddy sit in he cardboard box hotel . flicker light from the t.v. play on he face . CUT to : int . the leary house . kitchen - day bean hang up happily , then approach the toaster , stuff a pair of wet sock into it and pull down the start lever . satisfied , he now turn to the family . bean now - can I help ? they just stare , dumb-founded . 36 CUT to : ext . the leary house - day david and bean arrive at the car and get in . david head out of the drive at a reasonable speed . bean suddenly yank on the hand -brake . david 's head hit the windshield with a sicken thud . bean reach for and fasten he seat belt . he look to david . david give bean a pain look . what planet do he come from ? he fasten he own seat belt while bean wonder why it 's all take so long . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery . car parking - day it 's a rather fancy building . like a little guggenheim david park by a large , expensive , look car . bean open he door and it bang -hard against the pristine body work . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day as bean and david enter through the swing door they meet annie , the very bubbly girl in charge of entrance ticket at the reception cum shop counter . annie two dollar please . david Annie , it 's I . annie oh , right , yeah . ( to bean ) two dollar please . david no , Annie , no . this be Doctor bean . he 's go to be work with we . bean frown . that word ' doctor ' . 37 annie oh , great . usually we charge people two dollar to come in - but for people who work here , that would be 730 dollar a year , which be like , a lot of money , so we kinda like let they off . hi . bean smile at she . annie he do not like to say much do he ? david right first time . annie I can understand that . neither do I . as bean and david move on , bean give annie a 1ittle wave . she wave sweetly back . she cock she head to one side and watch he go . she like Mr. bean a lot . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . ground floor - day bean and david arrive in the ground floor gallery . a few visitor be view the painting . the acknowledge elmer , the huge , ex-army , Security man , sit on a small chair by a wall , read a newspaper . the pass two oldish lady inspect a painting david you will notice , we clientele be not totally young . I sometimes worry they be not really get to grip with the art on a deep aesthetic level . stay with the lady as david and bean head on . old lady 1 what do you think ? old lady 2 0h yes - lovely - very nice . old lady 1 and what colour would you use for the curtain ? 38 old lady 2 well , I think the sort of blue in this one . ( she point to a gorgeous blue Matisse ) and I think the curtain in the bathroom would be nice in this yellow .... and - they head on to a Van gogh with a nice yellow in it . bean stop to admire a painting . it be pre-raphaelite in style , depict a woman recline on a bed in a castle chamber . she be wear a chastity belt fastened with a small padlock , she breast be conceal under a drape flag . it be a tasteful and romantic picture . david beautiful . ' he mistress ' by John Everett millais , 1829 to 96 . know it ? bean shake he head . it 's the padlock he 's interested in he point at it and smile . annie walk up . annie Excuse I . Mr grierson call down . he 's ready to see you upstairs . david thanks , Annie . annie walk off back the way she come , look at bean approvingly over she shoulder . david better go . grierson hate people be late . bean yes . ahm ... think I '11 ... he gesture that hold like to tidy up a little . brush he hair , etc . bean waddle off after annie clearly in need of relief . david watch he go . david why I ? CUT to : int . grierson gallery . corridor - day . bean be catch up with annie . she notice he follow and coyly smile to herself . she stop , turn round and grin . she think he have come to say something to she . 39 bean stop dead in front of she - then turn sharp leave into the man 's washroom . annie 's smile fade . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . wash room - day bean come out of a booth . he tidy he hair and tie in a mirror . he push down the pressurise tap to wash he hand . it splashes terribly . the whole front of he trousers be soak . the last thing you want when about to meet you new boss . damn ! there now follow a quick , complicated piece of business . 1 / bean spot a paper- towel dispenser . he turn towards it at just the moment a man exit from a booth - bean turn back to the sink to hide he trousers , as the man swiftly do he hand , go to the paper dispenser , and take the last towel . damn again . 2 / bean now put he hope in a roll towel . but it 's rather high . he have to jump to try to reach the trouser . at which point another man enter . jumping bean have be catch in a very weird position . he pretend he have . choose the Men 's room as the place to do he rather energetic exercise routine . 3 / as the man leave , he then try to blow the patch dry with he mouth . another man enter . again , bean be 1 compromise - pretend it 's even more exercise . that man also enter a booth . 4 / bean suddenly notice the hand drying machine ! he turn it on . a healthy blast of warm air . annoyingly , it 's also rather too high . he try jump and bounce to get he waist to the right height . it 's not go to work . brainwave ! he climb up on two sink . now the drier be blow in exactly the right place . bean sway to let the air cover the whole area . it 's work excellently . 5 / at which moment , one of the man exit from a booth and see he in the mirror . bean be in a immensely compromise sex- with - machine position . he pretend he 's there to change the light bulb above , which he take out calmly and polish . the man leave , bean smile . but as he exit , bean 's face transform - he 's totally scald he finger on the scorching bulb . 40 6 / bean rush to the sink , put he finger under the tap , push on the water - and soak himself all over again . at which moment , david enter , exasperate . david come on ! let 's go ! bean exit uneasily hunch to hide he wet patch . they enter the corridor , and he spot a newspaper . CUT to : int . grierson' office - day bean and david enter . it 's a warm , formal . office . on the wall behind the desk be a full -size , frame poster of whistler 's mother . on a white background , at the base of the poster , a caption read : ' the grierson gallery , home of whistler' mother ' . elsewhere , the wall be full of painting . grierson and bernie look up from a computer screen at david and bean , who be , rather weirdly , carry a newspaper in front of he fly . grierson approach David , and shake he hand . grierson ah , David . finally . ( check he watch deliberately ) and this must be we professor from across the sea . david yes , this be Doctor bean . bean actually I be not .... er ... grierson this be Bernard schimmel . bernie the Doctor . bernie offer he hand . bean have to do a nifty handchange to free up the correct hand for the handshake . the newspaper stay firmly in place . thomas grierson ah ~ the tribune - mind if I just .... he reach out to borrow the newspaper . bean have to squeeze in right next to the desk and sit behind it , before he can hand the paper over thus ensure the continue invisibility of the wet patch . grierson study the paper for a second . grierson take a seat , gentleman ..... although before we settle - feast you eye on this . grierson go to a painting on a wall . david and bean follow ~ bean about one inch from david 's back , walk in perfect rhythm . grierson Arthur rackham . original of course . get four of they . check this out ... venus and the cat , aesop 's fable . be not that something ? he head towards say illustration on adjacent wall - and bean and david follow , still totally glue together . a strange sight . david . they be beautiful , sir . grierson maybe . Hell of a price , I '11 tell you . anyway - down to business . they head back to the desk - but bean , in a momentary lapse of concentration fail to follow . he 's now stick on the wrong side of the room , unable to turn around . grierson bernie be just show I he new idea for a cross - gallery computer system . Dr bean - would you like to look at this ? very exciting stuff .... bean ahm ... no . grierson be slightly surprised . but they persevere . bernie what I be do , Dave , be develop the ultimate user - friendly , ' interactive public guide to the gallery . punch button on the computer , he reveal wonderful map of the gallery , and when click on section of the map , graphic explanation of each room content . 42 meanwhile . bean have spot a fan on the other side of the room . he move around the room , always face straight to the wall . when he reach the fan , he switch it on : unfortunately it 's a rotate fan - so to keep the wind on he trousers , bean have to do a strange , rhythmic dance movement , follow the arc of the fan . david it 's very good bernie . bernie but the particular glory of the system ... be that it can also work oh large screen in each individual room - so we can network the program to every room in the gallery . grierson not bad , eh ? what do you think , Doctor ? ah .... Doctor bean ? bean turn , shocked to have be observe . he look down at he trousers and , hooray ! , they be dry at last . he 's delighted , and move back across the road towards they , hand in pocket , in a big , confident , groin - thrust , dry -trouser boast walk . grierson well , thanks for drop by . enjoy you stay with we vice President and he family . they be simple people .-. but warm , yes , Doctor ? bean I be not actually ... um ... grierson ... settle in yet . I know . plenty of time . bernie , perhaps you would like to take Dr. bean on a tour of the gallery . bernie absolutely . this way , sir . bean display he crotch proudly one last time before he and bernie exit . grierson try to fathom the strange man who just leave . grierson he 's a genius , right ? 43 david ah ... he certainly have something , sir . grierson very pleased you have take he in , David . at a time when no - one 's job be safe , it really identify you as a team player . david yes , although , I really ..... thank you . yes , it 's great to have he with we . the whole family 's very excited . grierson glad to hear it . tell poor Mr Larson to come through , will you ? david you be not go to .... grierson sack he ? David , what else can I do ? this business be not , repeat , not break even . and David ... notice anything this morning ? david frown then see . david you have tinted you hair ? it take year off you , sir . grierson beam . mix through to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day end of the day .. annie perk up at the reception desk as david , but especially bean , approach from the gallery area . she have a pile of tissue near - by and draw a heart on one of they . she arrange it on the counter - top where bean could not fail to see it on he way to the exit . david goodnight Annie . annie night . bean do not even notice she . as david head for the exit , bean suddenly sneeze . 44 he reach for annie 's love message and blow he nose on it . he drop the tissue in a bin as he exit . annie sigh she disappointment . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery . by parking lot - day ( about 5 p.m . ) bean and david head for the parking lot . on the way , bean 's interest be draw to the mime artist we meet before in he Clinton mask , perform he heart out in front of the Dead Cars sculpture . bean linger . the mime accost a woman , pretend to brush dust from she clothes , comb she hair etc . the mime be a bit of a pain in the ass really . the woman quickly move on . bean be intrigue . the mime mime climb a ladder . bean go up next to he - and look up . there 's nothing there . he decide the mime be a bit of a tricky . this be confirm when the mime pretend he 's lock behind a pane of glass . bean simply poke he finger through the imaginary glass wall , and hit the mime 's nose . CUT to : david watch bemusedly some way off . the mime be however delighted someone be take a interest at last . he take a handkerchief from bean 's pocket , and get bean to guess which hand the hanky 's in . it 's not in the leave . not in the right . bean be not the slight bit impressed - he just reach round and take the hank -y from where it 's tuck into the mime 's trousers - and head away . as he move off , the mime touch h' on the shoulder . bean turn and the mime start a mock gun duel . he draw he gun . bean be pretty unimpress . the mime turn he back and walk the 10 pace to draw . 4 he turn .... but now bean decide to settles it once and for all . in a brilliant piece of big mime , he put together the biggest gun ever see outside a Arnold schwarzenegger movie . he set up a pedestal - open a case ~ lift out a hugely heavy gun - then the 7 bit that click on that gun . then open another case , and take out the huge artillery shell to load it . the mime be get very frighten . then bean pull up a imaginary stool to sit behind he mega -gatling gun . the mime begin to run away . bean twirl in he imaginary seat , and line up he sight , follow the terrify mime . 45 finally , in a boom that almost knock bean out of he imaginary seat , he fire . 10 second delay , and the mime fall in a very dramatic death , 50 yard away . bean be happy - and head back to the parking lot where david , arm fold , lean against he car . david get into he car . bean open the passenger door and thump it loudly into the side of the expensive car next - door ( same as this morning ) . CUT to : ext . shopping mall . parking lot - day david park next to a beat up convertible . david okay . I will get some steak . alison love steak ... wine - good . candy ? no candy . alison hate candy . we gotta do this right , bean , or ... ( look at bean ) just stay out of trouble , okay ? bean nod . david get out and head for the mall . nearby woman tramp ( bag lady ) go through a trash can . bean try to control himself but weaken . he play with all the button and switch on the dashboard ; windshield wiper , light . then he notice a throbbing noise ... he get out of the car to investigate . bean swiftly locate the throbbing sound . the e-empty convertible have its engine run . bean notice the key in the ignition . how stupid of someone . he turn off the engine and take out the key . there be several people return to they car with grocery . bean offer the car key to they as if to say : " be this yours ? " [ the follow should take place at quite a speed , real drama . ] then suddenly , a robber dash towards bean from the direction ' of the mall , weaving in and out of park car , with a small white carrier bag , assumedly full of money . he wear jeans , a black polo - neck and , much to bean 's delight , a president clinton face -mask . as far as bean 's concerned , this be he old friend , the mime . robber throw the bag of money on to the back seat of the convertible and get in - but he cant find the key to start it . he frantically search all he pocket ... 46 bean lean into shot . he hold out the key , grin . robber gimme the key ! bean run away with they . or do not ! he be in mime mode - and run on the spot , get faster and faster . the robber approach this obvious madman . he be quite a tough , scary , and scared individual . robber I say , give I the key ! bean turn and hold out two hand , just like the mime do to he . the perplex robber pick one hand . wrong one . he then .... pull a gun and put it hard to mr bean in bean 's face . passer - by scream and fall to the ground , the bag lady amongst they . sudden harsh reality . but not to bean . he simply take the gun , and wave it in the robber 's face , tick he off for break the rule . robber okay , okay - take it easy !!! bean gesture the robber to turn around . he do , sure this sicko be go simply to shoot he in the head . but instead bean put he back to the robber 's back , and start to count bean 1,2,3 , 4 , 5 , 6,7,8 , 9,10 he turn and gesture to the robber it 's time to draw . by this time a crowd have gather . robber but I have not get a for ..... bean ssssh !!!! he point out a small child , watch from behind a trash can . CUT to : int . shopping mall . ext . coffee shop ~ day david be hurry back to the parking lot , with a bag of grocery , and a big bunch of red rose .. he stop dead in he track as he spot something ... 47 alison and charle be sit up on stool , in the window of a coffee shop . alison laugh at something that charle say . they body language suggest a certain closeness . david be sadden . he hurry away . CUT to : ext . shopping mall . parking lot ~ day bean wave the gun at the robber . robber I have not get a gun . but bean be push he to draw . finally ... robber okay , okay , I '11 do it ! he draw . bean draw too . they fire . and bean really fire . to he amazement . onlooker scream . bean throw the gun away in startlement . the robber lunge for it ~ bean kick it away , try to help he avoid such a dangerous implement . the robber lunge at bean who throw the key away over he shoulder . the robber have to scrabble under a car for they - bean think of final joke - and niftly swap the robber 's bag , for one of the Old bag lady 's bag . a few dollar note spill out of it . when the robber emerge with the key , bean 's wait to escort he to he car . he open the door - then spot a tourist hide and put he arm around the robber and get he to take a photograph of they . bean remove the robber 's mask as the picture be take . forgetting himself , the robber smile for the camera . the robber , jolted back to reality by the sound of approach Police car siren , jump in the car and drive away . bean wave goodbye to the convertible as a couple of Police car screech up . cop jump out . david approach the scene with grocery and rose . what kind of hell have bean cause now ? but instead of trouble , he see the passer - by be get to they foot , applaud bean and whistling ! they crowd round the cop explain what a hero bean have be . bean hand over the gun to a cop . he do not really understand what all the fuss be about . he notice the bag 48 lady wander away with she bag . should he tell she that he have swap one of they for the robber be ? no . he 's get too much attention to be bother . a cop come up to bean . it be cop 1 from the airport scene . cop 1 Excuse I . Mr. er ... cabbage ? sudden mutual recognition . CUT to : int . police precinct . interview room - night classic smoke fill room with street light cut through half close venetian blind . two or three detective slouched in the shadow . brutus , the huge black detective from earlier , sit opposite bean at a table , smoking . he be look at a photo . a close - up reveal it to be a full length one of bean and the robber outside the mall with the robber 's face unmask . brutus eye bean for a while . bean be terrify . brutus tap the photo . brutus it 's Eddie guardino . go pick he up . one of the detective lazily leave the room . brutus lean forward on he elbow . brutus guardino fle the scene with 160 k , in a white plastic bag . we get the car . we get the bag . and we get 20 pair of stinking pantyhose . ( drag on he cigarette ) anything you wanna tell I ? bean look at h4 - m blankly . brutus hold up the photo . brutus ' fraid I be gonna have to keep this . bean calmly take the picture and tear it in half . he give back the robber half and put the other half , with himself on , into he pocket . brutus glare at he . brutus Mr. bean . you lookin ' to stay long in California ? 49 bean grin . at last . a question he can answer . he nod , happily . mr. bean oh , yes . CUT to : int . the leary ' house . kitchen - night david be talk to kevin . bean be there . in the background , Jennifer play with a computer game . david be very animated . david he be incredible . this guy be fearless . he have no fear . kevin that 's one - way of look at it . you might also say this guy be brainless he have no brain ' . david well , there be that ... kevin ( to bean ) I '11 give you a chance ... know anything about computer ? bean ahm .... CUT to : int . the leary ' house . kevin' bedroom - night kevin be play a adventure game : vgoblins 2 ' [ this game exist . ] the goblins chuckle and make stupid noise that bean can imitate . a catchy piece of music accompany the game . the computer monitor show the inside of the wizard 's house . kevin move the goblins , and two little character , fingus and winkle , around the room by click on area in the room with he mouse . bean and kevin be both wear point goblin hat make from newspaper . 50 kevin it 's so embarrassing . all the guy I know be on goblin 3 and I be still stick with the lousy wizard in goblin 2 . bean be interested in the computer because he like the cute little goblins . he get he delighted face right up to the screen . he sing along with the catchy tune . kevin be get frustrated . kevin come on , winkle . kevin click on a cuckoo clock in the wizard 's room . the cuckoo pop out hold a key in its beak . kevin it 's gotta be here . something to get the key away from the stupid cuckoo . bean scan the monitor screen : he spot a little frog at the bottom of the scene . his eye light up . he take the mouse and rapidly and repeatedly click on the frog . bean click , click , click , click , click ... the frog croak and jump off a little round stone . kevin get excited . kevin how would you do that !? that be so obvious !!! bean grin and make winkle pick up the stone . then he click through to inside the wizard 's house . he make winkle throw the stone at the cuckoo which instantly drop the key from its beak . kevin beanie , you be waaaaay cool ! kevin slap bean on the back . bean be delighted . Close on monitor , show the goblin game - CUT to : int . live room . day another game . jennifer be Super nintendo game on tv in the lounge area . it be a gothic game where he -man type attack vampire and bat with sword . 51 david be in the kitchen - set out the rose in a vase . the door open - enter alison . some tension . david hi , alison hi ..... ( pause ) rose . david yes . and I have a wine for dinner that will kill you . alison great . ( she settle a little ) you say you would ask grierson about put we guest somewhere else . do you ? david sort of half ..... alison meaning ? david I be sort of half way through the sentence in which I would have ask he when it suddenly seem like a mistake . alison honestly David , you be so spineless . pause . Jennifer look around . she can not help but hear . not a happy experience . david rose . wine . he be ask she for softness . pause . at which moment bean enter wear pointy hat . he help himself to a melon from a bowl . he grin and exit . alison look at david sadly . alison but no real change . almost instantly , bean be back . he rummages through a drawer and take out some large elastic band . and leave . alison I really do need some time on my own . away from here . 52 david look , bean 's history . I swear to you , he 's pack as we speak . and you can not leave . ( he pick up the bambi ) I have get bambi . you never go anywhere without he . please let 's just talk . alison okay . ( ghost of a smile ) put bambi down , and we will talk . he put bambi down on the side - table , on the flat surface of he CD player . bean appear again behind she , now look even madder . pointy hat , large pointy ear make from melon peel , hold in place by the rubber band stretch round he face ~ huge front tooth also cut from the melon . he grin gleefully . david and alison just stare . bean be follow by kevin who wear the same ear and tooth . david look , you guy , could you just give we a moment to ... Jennifer - could you turn that damn thing down . it be quite loud . jennifer look for the remote control . bean helpfully pick up a remote control from the sofa and point it across the room . alison no , that 's not for the tv . that 's for the ... too late ! bean punch a button and the lid of the CD player launch the bambi into the air . david see it . in slow motion he dive dramatically and just miss it . it smashes on the floor . bean raise he eye heavenward , shake he head and tut . he think david be a real butter finger . jennifer , upset , have find the tv remote and unintentionally switch from the vampire game to a tv channel . it 's very loud . alison give david a tearful look , and shake she head . CUT to : ext . the leary house night . a taxi drive away . alison be in it . CUT to : int . hallway - night . jennifer and kevin be in they night clothes . they sit with David on the stair ~ still look at the door - alison leave through . kevin I wish I could use that at school . " hey , teach , no hard feeling ... it 's just thing between we be not what they use to be and I need a little space , ya know ? so I '11 see you around in a couple of year , maybe " . jennifer it 's a kind of a interesting swap . Mom for the man from ga ga . she get up and walk away . david Jen - you do not wanna talk about it ? jennifer it 's you and Mom that need to talk . david sure . you be right . kevin you know , Mr. bean 's okay . you be not gonna kick he out , be you , dad ? jennifer ( from her door ) of course he be . kevin be you ? david yes , I be . I must . CUT to : int . hall / bean' room . day . david head for Mr bean 's room , and knock cautiously on the door . 54 bean ( o. o. v) enter . david enter - camera follow as david find he way through bean 's wash hang from string across the room . bean be stick thing in a picture album . david hi , be I disturbing you ? bean give he a affable smile . in a pause before he quite gather himself to broach the difficult subject , david ask a polite question . david May I ? bean acquiesce . he start from the beginning , with picture of he as a kid . always stand on he own . picture of bean with mop of frizzy hair , at 16 . david smile . bean mime stupid disco dance . david turn another page . it be a sequence of picture of bean at famous UK location - Big Ben , stonehenge , Buckingham Palace , 10 down Street . they be .idiosyncratic because all take by he at arm length with he Polaroid - so he never quite make it squarely into shot . a whole page of teddy . then three page of bean 's mini with date , on label , go way back . then a whole page of garden gnome . david none of you folk here - family ? bean start to look for something in particular . david use the pause to broach the awful subject . david look ... the reason I come in here be to ... well ... since you have be here twelve all ... bean have find what he be look for . it be the picture of the family that he take from the landing on he first night here . what 's leave of the Polaroid of himself , from the mall , that he rescue from brutus , be stick next to it . he 's even write - ' bean &amp ; family ' - he do not realise there 's anything sad about it . but david be rather move . pause . 55 david well , that 's er... great . look , I just come in ... ( no , he cant do it ) ... to say good night . okay ? bean nod . david smile and go to the door . be - a wave good - bye a little rudely and get back to the album . even when we feel sorry for he , he 's a little rude . david walk away , shaking he head . david spineless . CUT to : int . david and alison' bedroom . the first morning without alison . " she 's go " by Hall &amp ; Oats begin to play , a song full of yearn . david feel the other side of the bed . no - one there . he walk into the bathroom and turn on the shower . then walk back into the bedroom - she 's go - I have get to learn how to face it " he take a towel from a cupboard and return to the bathroom . he feel very alone . he remove he pyjamas and get into the steam - fill shower . - she 's go - she 's go " - but the camera move to reveal that he be not alone after all . bean have , simply enter the shower , and be now happily soap himself , wear alison 's shower cap . manly scream from the both of they . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . canteen - day . david sit down at table , with bean , who be tucking in happily ~ eat a burger &amp ; bun with knife and fork . david speak after a longish pause . david bean can I ask you something ? bean nod . david do you think you can ever really know someone ? even if you have know they , well , almost all you life ? what do you think ? 56 bean think hard , then look at he watch , make he excuse and simple walk away . CUT to : int . gallery corridor . day . bean at a pay phone . he dial carefully - CUT to : int . bean' bed -sit . day 10 be U.K. time . ( the follow take place in a matter of second ) Close on the t.v. a morning kid show blare out . a huge wardrobe stand four foot away from a wall . there be a string tie to one of it 's door handle , stretch out of shot . the wardrobe seem to be lean backwards at a angel . it rock slightly and creak . ( feature its padlock ) . there be a fold irone board balanced over a roll of hall carpet , see-saw fashion . one end of it be wedge under the wardrobe . bean 's g.p.o. phone ring on the table and it 's vibration cause the bust of beethoven to fall over the edge of the table . it land on the end of the irone board . the wardrobe groan as it be set off balance and fall against the wall with a heavy thump ! and raise of dust . the string tie to its handle become taut . CUT to : the t.v. plug in its socket . this end of the string be tie to it . the string tighten and the plug be yank out of the socket . the t.v. screen go blank . shot of teddy in the cardboard hotel ' . CUT to : int . canteen . day . bean return , sit down and start to eat again . David be still deep in think . david well , they say there 's only one way to get over this sort of thing . take it day by day . keep work . keep to you normal pattern . that 's the only hope . so let 's just ... take today shall we ? 57 bean nod . he be not on David 's emotional level here . david I think the time have come from you to meet the grand Madame . she 's all around you ... how do you fancy meeting she in the flesh ? sure enough , all around be poster , and the silhouette of whistler 's mother . bean nod , though fairly distract by the slice of gherkin he 's find in he bun and now pick out with he finger . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . corridor - day . bean and David en route to the painting . david I usually only let she out for the big summer exhibition - but ' let 's see whether what they say about the heal power of great work of art be true , huh ? CUT to : int . the whole gallery - day bean and david do the rest of the journey , in quick cut - along corridor - in a elevator . a sense of expectation and excitement . en route , they be join by elmer , the huge Security Guard . the three arrive outside a large oak door . elmer ceremoniously unlock the door , all the time glaring at bean - who swallow hard . a light turn green and a buzzer sound . then there be the door to the inner sanctum . elmer stare at bean as he unlock it . another light turn green and another buzzer sound . david as you can see , security 's pretty tight in this section . nobody get past elmer here . be not that right ? elmer not in one piece anyway . I see Mrs whistler as kind of ... like my own dear mother . I would kill any man that try to interfere with she . the vice President here will vouch for that . 58 david you have know I five year elmer . when do you get to call I David ? elmer not my place , sir . it would only be a matter of time before I be call you Dave . then where would we be ? by next year , you be my sweety - pie " and I be " coochie - coo " . i'11 be back in 15 . he salute , glare at bean and walk away . bean and david enter the room . bean look warily back at elmer david you think he 's tough you should see the size of the hunk that work the night shift . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . the whistler room - day . the room be very dark , only tiny light in the corner . david stay there . keep you eye close . one final lock , one final key . david unlock double door in a wall with a plastic key card . buzz - click ! the camera hold on bean , he eye tight shut . the light go up on bean 's face , a magical golden glow . david right . open now . cut round - and there be this beautiful and very famous painting , lovingly shot . Music . atmosphere . glory . bean open he eye and look at the painting . bean mmmmm . Nice . david I '11 leave you with she for a few minute . I be sure you will want to give she a proper inspection . but whatever you do , do not leave the room . megasecurity , okay ? catch you . bean nod . david leave he . bean be still for a while and then go up and inspect it closely . 59 he tut disapprovingly as he spot dust on the bottom of the frame . he blow it away fussily . he step back to admire the painting . there be dust up he nose and ... sneeze - all over the painting ! he take out he handkerchief and wipe the spittle off in panic . then look back at the painting . unfortunately , there now seem to be a big blue mark right across Mrs whistler 's face .. bean check he handkerchief . yes , there 's wet ink all over it . he find the leak pen in he pocket . 0 God . he take out he shirt , spit on it and try to wipe the painting , but he can not make the shirt reach it . he take the painting down from the wall and have another go . no good ! the ink just spread right over whistler 's mother 's pure white collar . bean now look round in panic . what the hell can he do ? he go to the heavy door - and look out into the corridor . he hear someone come , hide and see a young girl from the catering staff wheeling a slightly squeaky trolley past , cover with a white cloth . he go back in - and have a idea . he go to a little table in the corner and begin to take thing off it . CUT to : int . gallery . upstair corridor - day . the door open , and bean emerge , push what appear to be a trolley cover with a white cloth . although , if you look carefully , this trolley actually have no leg . it be the painting cover with the table cloth . to make it a bit more convincing , bean make a apt squeaky noise . he proceed along the thin corridor - and then see another exactly similar trolley come right towards he . ' a problem . as they get close , bean suddenly pretend he see something astonish behind the on-come man . bean ( silently mouth ) what the ... !!! when the man turn , bean just twist he painting sideways and shoot past he . we see the face of the deeply perplex trolley - pusher when he look back and bean be no longer there . he turn round to bean , who turn back to he with a totally blank and innocent look . bean see a elevator and head for it . CUT to : 60 int . the grierson gallery . elevator - day Inside the elevator , bean relax for a moment . he lean the painting against the wall and press the third floor button . the bell ding . elevator voice second floor . bean manage to get the painting into trolley position before the door open to a group of six very fat middle age people . they all wear large badge declare they to be member of a ' diet Club ' . they squeeze into the elevator along both side of bean 's trolley . there be a very , very , thin woman behind they who can not fit on . thin woman I guess I will see you up there , guy . the door close . as the painting be wedge against the fat people 's stomach on both side , bean be able to let go of it and make a great show of check he watch . he nonchalantly , drum the finger of both hand on the top of the trolley ' . the bell ding . elevator voice third floor . the door open . bean flip the painting onto its side and stroll out of the elevator . the ' diet cub , member stare , after he . bean head on , squeaking - and at last see what he 's look for . a man 's room . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . men' room - day bean enter , relieved . it be small , just a little sink , a towel and a toilet . about a yard wide - but the picture fit in . bean start to wash the painting very carefully and lo !! the ink start to come off . massive relief . then , ala , someone try the handle of the door . bean speed up . a knock . he peer out the keyhole . there be now 4 people wait . bean be very worried . CUT to : 61 int .-grierson gallery . outside men' room - day pause . then out come bean , drying he empty hand , miming , " sorry , sorry . " . we see into the toilet . nothing there . no sign of the painting . bean turn sharply leave . CUT to : ext . grierson gallery - day david be talk to bernie in the grounds . we can see the side of the whole gallery in shot as they talk . bernie I be hope du . bean might take a look at my computer project today . david yes. I '11 mention it to he . but ... he 's kind of he own guy , you know ? bernie howl he get on with the family ? david ah. Fine . it 's good . it 's great . we will be slightly distract by the observation that whistler 's mother , America 's most valuable painting , be at this moment balanced on a very thin ledge three floor up - where bean have put in , outside the Men 's room window . a bird and then a couple more bird perch on it . bernie and howl alison ? david she 's ... well , she 's good . bernie saw she at the movie the other night with that boss of hers . Nice guy . good look . david yes , be not he . bernie it 's great when people who work together can become real friend . david be not it ? 62 bernie I like to think that 's what 's happen with you and I ... even though you be kinda my boss . still maybe it will not always be that way , huh ? david do not quite see what bernie be get at but smile politely . now we see bean 's plan - he have emerge at a nearby window . he can not reach the painting at first . so he stretch further and further out the window . no good . finally he have to go out on the ledge . he shoos away the bird , who then decide to settle on he instead . finally he get a hand on the painting . as he do so , he lose hold . he just manage to grab a window before he fall . david look , I have leave bean on he own . Nice to chat though bernie - always a subtle joy . bernie thanks , David . always a pleasure . period . bean be slowly manage to claw he way back towards the open window with the painting . it be a extraordinary piece of acrobatics . david turn to go . bernie by the way . do not know what you think , Mr vice President , but I have be hint to the old man that someone 's get to have the ball to take some sort of emergency measure around here - or we be all in the crap house . what do you think ? david ' emergency measure , in you book mean sack people right ? bernie not necessarily . that 's where this ... ( point to he brain ) come in . no , I have have a better idea than sacking people . you will hear soon enough . bernie grin and walk away . bean do one final swing , and .... CUT to : 63 int . grierson gallery . storeroom - day . a small storeroom where bean 's wriggle bottom be just come back through the window . he have the picture and be safe . he set the picture down on a table . darn ! the bird have do they business on it . he maniacally rummages through various dusty can and bottle on a shelf . he choose a can , too rusty to read its label , take off the lid and sniff . this smell like the right sort of stuff . he pour the liquid on to a rag and rub it on the face of Mrs. whistler . the solvent effortlessly remove the ink stain . whistler 's mother look as good as new . bean be so , so , relieved . but then he notice something else happen . the liquid do not stop with remove the stain . it be now busy remove whistler 's mother 's face entirely . as bean watch - in freeze horror , America 's most famous painting turn back to a blank canvas . bean think for a second - and then have a desperate think . removing the pen that start all the trouble , he decide to try to draw back on whistler 's mother 's ' face . he do not have much time . it show . where once be a sublime oil painting , be now a biro line - draw which look a little like Danny de vito . bean lift it against the wall to check how it 's work . unfortunately , there 's a nail there . the picture tear , bean panic - it tear even more . total destruction . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . corridor - day . bean hurries down the corridor with he pseudo- trolley again , and a vaguely mad look on he face . he spot annie at a drink machine . she smile sweetly ( here come she man ) bean take a sharp leave into a adjacent corridor . annie be hurt . annie true love can be very hard . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . the wrong room - day Close on the double door ( identical to that of the whistler room ) bean enter with the Painting , under the 64 cloth . he close the door and rest a moment to catch he breath . he take a step into the room and freeze . the very fat ' diet Club , people be seat at easel , paint brushes poise . the very thin woman be stand in the centre of the room in she underwear with a Greek urn perch on she shoulder . all eye be on bean , who exit very quickly . CUT to : int . inner sanctum . whistler room day . bean get back to the right room and close the door desperately behind he . he stand freeze for a second - and at that moment , a hand try the door . bean leap at it and stop . the handle turn . then there 's a knock . bean move the big table in front of the door - he 's barricade himself in . there 's a famous rodin sculpture in there - he shove it along to block , the door as well . when he 's succeed , he lean hot and sweaty against it - and a door on the other side of the room calmly open and .... david walk in . david seem to be a problem with the door . ( pause ) where 's the picture go ? bean ahm ..... david what ? what ? pause . pause . bean finally show it . not a pretty sight . david oh Jesus . oh god. oh Jesus god. oh Mary mother of Jesus . oh Jesus of Nazareth . bean oh dear . david what happen ?!!! bean ahm .... ( set himself up for a interesting , comprehensive answer ) . 65 david do not bother ( panic ) oh my god ..... he rush to the door he just come in - and lock it . wait a minute - why be I worry about this ? I do it . I just go out and tell they what happen - you be a madman from England and you do this terrible thing and it 's not my fault . that 's right , be not it ? bean nod , know he deserve he doom . perfect - and then they say - who leave he alone with the picture ? " and I say - " I " . and they say " you be fire " . and I say ' right ' . and so I get fire and you go to jail and no one 's any happier . bean shake he head . and then they say , " fire David be not enough - let 's prosecute he for negligence . and they prosecute I and it turn out I be negligent and I go to jail , and my wife leave I and my daughter become a prostitute and I end up on death row share a cell with butch mcdick , the infamous gay rapist - or worse , I end up in the same cell as you ! bean look hurt . no , no ... now , let 's just be calm let 's think about this calmly . ( he try - and fail ... ) oh godigodigod ! okay , now wait . let 's have another look at it . bean show it to he . Jesus !!! I be already think back to 5 minute ago as paradise . 5 minute ago - just walk along , shoot the breeze with my old pal bernie . bean then he have a brilliant idea . he hang the painting back up in the security cupboard and close the door . then he remove from he pocket a small note book . 66 he scribbles something on it , tear the page out , lick it and stick it on the cupboard door . it read `out of order '. david brilliant . brilliant . Problem solve ! bean be delighted . apart from the tiny drawback that the first person who open the cupboard will say - " look , someone 's totally destroy whistler 's mother - let 's kill they " . bean be less delighted . no - the most important thing be tbat no - one see it . ever again ! he lock the cupboard with he plastic card key - that 's the first thing . then ... that 's the first thing .... next ... next be the next thing which be ... obviously ... ritual suicide . look , let 's get out of here . try to act natural . the let themselves out and go into the corridor - bean act he version of `natural ' - very liquid . CUT to : int . corridor . day - they bump straight into grierson and elmer . grierson ah , David . show Dr. bean we good lady ? bean actually I be not a ... david that 's right - whistler 's mother . look at he mother - not he father - not interested in he father , could not give a fly doughnut for he sister or brother - just he mother . yes . grierson well , good - think I may go and look at she myself ... 67 david no ! grierson er ... pray tell I why ? elmer because they have just cut she into tiny piece , sir . that 's why . bean and david die and go to hell until elmer laugh at he own little joke . grierson laugh too . elmer I better continue my round , sir .. he stroll away . david the thing be , sir , I have just be give the painting a very thorough inspection , with the help of Dr bean here - and we feel the time 's come for whistler 's mum to have she first face - lift . grierson time take its toll on the old girl , eh ? david exactly . she 's in a surprisingly terrible state . be not she , bean ? bean oh yes . david whistler be a great painter , but he be not a great chooser of paint .... bean hudder at the think of he paint-choose . the colour be beginning to fade . however ~ if you give I just one little year I can restore the picture to its original glory , the way it look when whistler 's Mom first look at it and say .... 0 actually I be not sure you have get the hair right , darling . " by the way , you hair be look great today , sir . 68 grierson thank you David . however , flattery will get you nowhere . Truth be , I have a rather different plan for whistler 's dear mama . bernie and I have be inspect we book - and the long and short of it be , we cannot survive with we current loss , so ... david ... you have to sack I . I understand , sir . I will go quietly . in fact I will go right now . grierson no. no , no , hold on ... we cant sustain we lose - so I have decide .. to sell whistler 's mother . david let out a little yelp . grierson brilliant , huh ? I already have a prospective buyer - the current Governor of California , no less , who be fly in tomorrow to inspect she and clinch the deal . spread the news . I think decisive leadership have do the trick , do not you ? david yes , sir . yes , sir . congratulation . marvellous thing . bravo . grierson leave . david turn to bean . david bean . do you drink ? bean shake he head . david neither do I . CUT to : int . bar - night it be very late and very gloomy . just a couple of loner stare into they drink . the bartender be up one end of the counter , smoking and read the sport page . there be a t.v. on above the bar , show baseball . 69 bean and david be sit up at the bar . the latter have have far too much whisky and look the worse for it . bean have a tall glass pack with fruit and paper umbrella . we can guess how much he 's have to drink by the way he have difficulty find the straw with he mouth . david almost , but not quite , slur he word : david it 's just a matter of acceptance , be not it ... lose you job - lose you wife ... c'est la vie . you ever be marry , bean ? he turn to bean who have the end of a straw up he nose . david I guess not . he fill he glass from a bottle . you know , I do not get it . the New artist exhibition - this year - people might not all have like the dead sheep , but ... the place do not look that empty to I . it be not full but I see people . I just do not understand how the gallery can be so bankrupt they have to sell the whistler . he look at bean who now have peanut in each nostril . david notice the bartender look at bean strangely .... david he 's English , okay ? you wanna make something of it ? bartender go back to read . david search for he last train of think , take a huge swig from he drink . david ... to hell with the figure . I be not a damn accountant . I be a artist . you know , I and Ali meet in art school ? I cut quite a figure then . Far cry from the man you see before you now . then , I smoke gitane before I go to bed , to help I sort out the problem of the world . now , I take a spoonful of laxative before I go to bed to help I sort out the problem with my bowel . 70 bean at that moment be keen to show david he nut trick . he throw a peanut high into the air - and catch it in he mouth . then do two . then do it with he eye close . actually , it 's rather impressive . david Truth be , I disappointed she . I turn out to have no spine . spineless . a kind of medical miracle . Mr flippy - floppy . I just do not seem to be able to fight - cant stick up for myself . too nice . I mean , I should never have let you come stay and I should be hand you over to the police right now . shall I tell you something , beanie ... bean have be interested all this , even look to check whether David do indeed have no spine . but now the baseball on the tv be make it hard for he to concentrate on - this important confidence . he raise a finger , for david to be quiet for a second . he blow a peanut from he , nostril at the t.v. - it hit the button , and change station to a pleasant quiet-music station . david do you want to know what the reality of the situation be ? bean nod he head , very curious , listen hard . this be it . because you move into my house , my wife have leave I . she might have do it anyway - but you be the ten ton weight that break the camel 's spinal column . bean stare at david - something be get in he 's actually register this . that 's point one . and point two - be that you have destroy whistler 's mother , which be ' the last hope for the place where I work . so within a week , I be go to lose my job as well . bean nod , seriously dispirite . 71 david so , you have totally and utterly destroy my life . do you understand ? you have put I in a position where it would have be better if I would never be bear . he put he hand on bean be shoulder . bean look down . very sad . this be actually the first time in he life that he 's realise that he action have really effect the life of another person . bean look up sadly . sad music play . CUT to : int . leary house . david be room - night david be asleep in bed . the camera move out into the hall and into bean 's room . int . the leary house . bean' room - night . bean be lie , fully dress , in the darkness , on he back . think . worried by what he 's hear . then suddenly a idea come into he eye . the music be like he brain he jump off the bed . there follow a version of the classic tooling up for action sequence . but the ' tool ' here be distinctly bizarre . bean pick up he suitcase , and in quick cut , rush through the house and collect .... david' plastic key card a pair of y-front a torch . some of kevin' chewing gum . 6 egg a cooking basin a cup a large paint brush a bottle of clear nail varnish david' large tin of laxative . a hair drier a action man doll a poster of the girl and her bottom with the tennis ball . two oven glove a skateboard and 4 volume of the encyclopaedia britannica . fully tool , he snap the suitcase shut . CUT to : 72 ext . gallery . night . the building be floodlit by ground spot . bean arrive silently , with suitcase , on the skateboard . soon he full plan will be reveal . the Gallery be empty , apart from the one Security Guard , buck , visible through the glass front of the building , drink coffee , watch he 12 security monitor . bean swallow at the sight of buck - he be a massive gorilla of a man . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . reception - night . buck be casually watch he screen , when suddenly , horror of horror , the huge silhouette of a person hang . themselves from a tree outside appear , the shadow of the limp body throw across the floodlit gallery wall . buck frantically rush out . and bean subtly slip in . CUT to : ext . grierson gallery - night . buck be look for the body amongst the tree . he find nothing . because he fail to notice the tiny action man swinging gently in front of one of the ground - level floodlight . CUT to : int . grierson gallery - night '. Inside , bean be casually pour the entire content of david 's large laxative tin into buck 's coffee . he also swap two key on the board of key by the desk . he then take the opportunity to put the oven glove on he foot , one shape like a pig , one like a crocodile , so he can move silently . buck return . he sit down , and take a long gulp of coffee . pause . bean watch . buck feel something uncomfortable in he stomach . he take a key from he rack of key , and set off and round a corner - on a monitor screen , bean watch he break into a canter - as he pass through another monitor buck be at full sprint . bean giggle . bean be satisfied he will be uninterrupted for a while . he go to the key - rack , borrow two key , and set off on he mission . the next 3 minute of film be a sequence of cut between three scenario : 73 first : buck - he next 10 minute be not happy one . when he reach the toilet , the key he choose do not unlock it . he have to sprint back , grab all the key , and charge back again to the door . then he have to try out every single key . we never see he find the right one . second scenario - all the activity of the night show on the security monitor . buck sprinting desperately through shot - bean casually go about he business and , on one occasion , buck run right past bean , but not see he - he have other thing on he mind . third scenario - we actually see bean 's Big plan . he unlock the merchandise shop . so he can see properly and have he hand free , he put the y-front on he head , and wedge the torch into they , like a head -lamp . he then take a poster of whistler 's mother and replace it with the roll - up tennis Ball girl . he unroll the whistler and place the 4 encyclopaedias on its corner to hold it down . he separate the yoke from the egg , mix the white with clear nail varnish and varnish the-poster with it . dry it off with the hair drier . , with the now stiff poster , he head up elevator and escalator to get to the whistler room itself , all the time chew gum frantically . once there , he unlock the final cupboard with David 's plastic key , take the whistler down and remove the destroy mother from its gild frame , and its wooden support frame . he use the chew gum to stick the new one down to the old frame . he then put the very convincing forgery back into the security cupboard and relock it with david 's key card . the job be do . he scrunches up the old , tear picture , pop it in a dustbin , and head off . CUT to : ext . STREET . night - bean zipping along on the skate board with he suitcase . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . utility room - night . buck , trouserless , be sit , read a newspaper next to a noisy wash machine . CUT to : 74 int . the leary house . bean' room . night . kitchen - day bean lie back in bed with quiet satisfaction . CUT to : int . david be room . morning . david wake with a violent start . david 0 my God . tell it vas a dream . the door swing open . it be bean with a tray of coffee and toast . bean Morning . david it be not a dream , be it . I have to go in to work and tell they whistler 's mother now look like Danny De vito . bean well , ahm .... he laugh cheerily . david what ? CUT to : int . david' car . bean be still chuckle . CUT to : int . gallery . corridor . still highly amused , bean guide david in the direction of whistler 's room . David take out he key to open the room - but the door swing open . david be shocked . there stand grierson , look straight at whistler 's mum . in all its untorn , unsmudge , undestroy glory . 75 grierson I think you be wrong , David . she look as fine as she 's ever look . Worth every cent of the 10 million dollar- . david ahm .... grierson bravo . let 's put on a good show tomorrow , shall we ? do not want anything to go wrong . david quite right , sir . grierson leave . David get close to the painting and peer .... david wait a minute . bean just put he finger to he mouth ... bean ssshhhh . he let out a hug smile - he can solve the problem of the world , as well as create they . int . the leary house . hall - saturday jennifer skip down t-he stair , carry a trendy duffel bag , just as david enter from the kitchen . jennifer bye , dad . david ah ... Jennifer , I need you to watch Kevin . Jen ? but jennifer have already reach the front door .... jennifer be serious , dad . it 's Saturday . she exit . CUT to : 76 ext . the leary house - day jennifer be head down the path . david run out of the house and catch up with she . david Jen , you have to help I here ! I have get to go in to work , and with you mom away ... I really need you . a powerful motorbike turn into the drive at speed and skid round to face the opposite direction . jennifer run over to it . the bike 's rider turn off he engine and remove he helmet . it be stingo , the white rasta from the airport , with the hair extension and the sixty ring in he nose . stingo ( to david ) you . he hand jennifer a helmet . jennifer do not worry , dad . I will be home . Monday , after school . bean and kevin arrive at david 's side to spectre . kevin hey , en , nice bike '- but remember : any kid you have be gonna look just like its handsome driver . david ( angry now ) Jennifer ! this be not - repeat , not ! how we do thing in this family . I have tell you never to get on one of that death trap ! please - talk to I . I promise to be reasonable . jennifer have put on the helmet and be climb onto the back of the bike . jennifer great , dad . you promise you would get rid of he ! ( point at bean ) and as for : " how we do thing in this family . we do not have a family till you get Mom back . 77 she slap stingo on the shoulder . stingo kick the starter lever . nothing . again . nothing ... jennifer come on sting ! kevin sting ?! sound like something you put on a rash . stingo be still kick the starter . david be desperate . david do not just stand there , bean - do something . bean instantly take on the hero 's mantle and run to the bike . david be not far behind he . stingo be still try to kick start it . bean take out a small screwdriver and twiddle with something on the engine . the bike spark into life and do a wheelie before speed out of the drive and down the road . bean stand , hand on hip , look very - pleased with himself indeed . david to bean ) right ! right ! you get inside and look after Kevin ! ( not such a good idea ) uh --- right ! Kevin . you get inside and look after ... uh ... ( that would be a worse idea ) right ! get in the car ! both of you . Jesus ! CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day david , bean and kevin at the reception desk . annie so , Kevin . how 's it go ? kevin badly . you wanna adopt I ? annie smile cutely at bean . david be still rattle . annie Big day today , huh ? 78 david uh ... yes ... david look askance at bean . bernie hurry up and take david to one side . bernie great day . at last we can start get out of debt and concentrate on the future . david yes , look , I want to talk to you about this . I be sure we have not be do as badly as all that . bernie you be a innocent and a optimist David - that 's why I love you . ( he hug he and laugh ) . Jesus - what a terrible tie- come on , the Governor 's come at 3 . and before then I have a little surprise for you and the boss . david call to annie . david Annie ... would you look after Kevin ? and Kevin - you look after bean . he head off with bernie . back at the counter . bean , kevin &amp ; annie . kevin my dad tell I all about you . annie do he now ? kevin he say you have get a babe count of ten out of ten , and a brain cell count of about two and a half . annie yeah , I will go with that . I be kinda , like , dumb , intellectually . ( to bean ) but I be great in bed . bean be unsettle by this . he give a shudder and head for the gallery . 79 kevin catch you later , babe . ( go after bean ) come on , beanie - there must be a computer here somewhere . I hate painting . they do not do anything . CUT to : int . grierson' office . day . bernie , david and grierson . bernie look very confident at a computer monitor . a painting be in fact ' do ' something , on the computer screen , as the girl in a toulouse - Lautrec painting actually dance the can-can . grierson well , congratulation . be not that great , David ? david certainly be . bernie we will be able to start this afternoon . i'11 pipe the guide to every video screen in the gallery . now , that will impress the Governor . grierson well , bravo ! what with you and whistler 's ma - I think I have get a win team . david slightly embarrassed not to be include in the win team . he look to the poster of whistler 's mother behind grierson 's desk . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . bernie' room - day kevin and bean have find a computer , also show bernie 's Gallery programme . the monitor show the interior of the ground floor of the gallery . kevin click , and up come the same toulouse Lautrec picture . as kevin work the mouse , bean hum the catchy tune from ' goblins 21 . it 's play time again . kevin this be way cool , beanie . he click again , and a tiny talk toulouse Lautrec start to explain the provenance of the painting . 80 CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . the whistler room . day david be oversee thing . there 's a burgundy rope , keep people a bit away from the case in which whistler 's mother be contain . elmer bring in two large flower display . bernie enter . bernie Jesus ! hurry up you guy . be I the only person round here who actually get thing do . he exit . bernie be grow in confidence - and get nastier by the minute . david pull a face at elmer . david you arrange that flower yourself ? elmer sure do . david they be pretty . learn it in the army ? elmer no - but when you have tear out a man 's throat with you bare hand , you learn to appreciate the beautiful thing in life . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery - day the final touch in the preparation for the big visit to up - tempo , " we be get ready " music . 1 . gardener gardening , window cleaner clean , polisher polish etc . and someone empty a dustbin , in the midst of which we glimpse something which might be a scrunch up old whistler painting . 2 . bernie watch as someone plug in a plug - and a huge video screen in the gallery flicker and start up . 3 . annie at she counter , read a book call ' the Art of conversational . she shake a imaginary hand and rehearse a keen conversation with a imaginary v.i.p . 81 4 . elmer , in the men' room mirror , trim he hair around he peak hat with scissors . he have a row of war medal on he chest . he polish they proudly with he sleeve . 5 . grierson watch through the front glass - a red carpet roll itself out from the gallery 's main entrance to stop by the rear door of a black car . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery - day Close on the bottom of the black car rear door . it open and a pair of leg , wear black shoe and charcoal trousers , step out onto the red carpet . as they walk purposely up the carpet , the camera pan up they owner 's body , to reveal that this be bernie . it 's a rehearsal . he be meet with a hand shake by grierson at the main entrance . grierson what a pleasure , Governor reynold . I would like you to meet some of we staff here . ( check a prompt card ) . bernie and that 's where you introduce I to the Governor . grierson right . get it . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day Gallery staff wait , all wear name badge . grierson lead bernie to the reception counter . annie step out from behind it and shake bernie 's hand . annie good day , Governor reynold . I be Annie ... bernie curtsy . annie curtsy ? be you kid ? this be 1990 America . woman do not curtsy , they run the damn country ! 82 grierson Alex , please ! annie that 's Annie , sir . grierson take bernie on to elmer who be next in line . grierson this be elmer , we longest serve ... bernie hey . let 's junk the medal , elmer . this be not a Veteran ' reunion . we wanna make the Governor feel at home . not remind he of pile of dead people wear uniform . elmer put on a defiant face . david shake he head disapprovingly . grierson move bernie to meet david . they ' shake hand . david David leary . I would like to echo my colleague welcome to you and thank you for you patronage ... bernie rudely cut he off . bernie okay , that will do . the Governor 's here in half a hour . we have to be totally ready then . no excuse . period ! grierson thank you bernie . well do . now , if you will excuse - I have a little smarten up to do myself . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . bernie' office - day bean at the computer . he 's actually quite enjoy himself now . in fact , he 's rather hogging the thing . this be , after all , a animated catalogue - he area . 83 kevin I be just gonna go see if Annie need I for anything . Truth be , she smell kinda nice . okay ? ( grin ) . bean smile and give kevin a thumb -up . kevin return the gesture and exit .. back to the computer , bean click on a icon which take he to the ground floor gallery . he click through various painting and stop at the painting of the woman , in the castle , wear the chastity belt . bean click and enlarge the painting to fill the screen . he happily hum the catchy tune from ' goblins 2 ' and home in on the tiny padlock on the chastity belt . padlock interest he . he click on the keyhole rapidly ( as we have see he do with the frog in goblins 2 ) . mr. bean click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! . suddenly , to bean 's surprise , the padlock start to flash red ... then the whole screen start to flash ... before go dramatically back to black ... now flash in the .centre of the monitor be a icon of a tiny key . beneath it , a row of six dash appear ( e.g - - - - - - - ) . a cursor be flash over the first dash . bean be totally absorb . he love this kind of puzzle . with one finger , he slowly type out letter on the keyboard ( he have to search for some of they ) . as he do so , they appear over each dash in turn : g-o-b-l-i-n a message pop up : " access denied " bean try something 0 else . g-n-o-m-e-s the message again : ` access denied ' . the room door suddenly open ! make bean jump ! it 's bernie . he can not see the computer screen from the doorway . bernie how go it , bean ? ready for the Governor ? bean smile and nod nervously . he know he 's probably up to something he should not be . 84 bernie we need you downstairs in ten minute and not a second more . period . oh , and put this on . bernie throw bean a name badge with ' Dr. bean ' on it . bean nod . bernie exit . bean go back to the code . he type in the first thing that come into he head : b-e-r-n-i-e that damned message again : ` access denied ' . then , as though something be dawn on he , he punch in : p-e-r-i-0 -d up come a message : " code accepted " . Close on bean 's face as light from the computer play on it - he read it carefully and with interest . we cant quite read he expression - but what he see be a surprise and a puzzle . Long meaningful pause as he eye scan the screen . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . the whistler room - day bernie enter - david be look at whistler 's mother , still puzzle . bernie David ? lift off ! CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day the staff and various dignitary be line , look out through the glass in anticipation . through the glass we see a couple of Police motorcycle escort pull up outside follow by a beautiful , old , classic roll royce . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery - day the red carpet unroll all the way to the roll , rear door . Close on the bottom of the driver 's door . it open and out step a pair of leg , wear army boot and khaki trousers . 85 the leg step sideways onto the carpet and approach we . camera pan up to show we that governor reynold be dress in he veteran 's uniform - chest of medal and forage cap . he be a grand figure . in fact - he 's exactly the same grand figure Mr bean cause epic problem to on the plane over . he give he prize possession , the car , a little token polish with he sleeve before head on . brutus and he side - kick cop fall into step behind he . they be the Police presence today . grierson and bernie greet reynold at the entrance . grierson be wear a strike brand new light blue silk suit . bernie be frown - not happy about that uniform . grierson what a pleasure , Governor . welcome . reynold hi , grierson , forgive the war paint . go on to my regiment / 's reunion after . grierson not at all , Governor . very strike . reynold take in grierson 's suit . reynold interesting suit . grierson ( beam ) why thank you sir . reynold off the peg ? grierson ( crestfallen ) yes it be ... may I introduce you to bern ... he gesture to bernie but reynold cut in and hand bernie a set of car key . reynold ( to bernie ) go park the old jalopy , will ya , son . bernie 's smile melt away . as they enter the gallery , bernie hopefully offer the car key to brutus - who reward he with a " do not be stupid " smile and follow the Governor . 86 bean ( wear " Dr bean " name badge ) come into the corridor by the front door , thus just miss reynold . bernie see he and jump on the chance to delegate . bernie bean - go park the Governor 's car , will you . bean assent happily . brutus spy bean over he shoulder and frown - its that mad English guy again . bean get to the door and see the Governor 's car . yummy ! CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . reception area - day grierson lead reynold to the reception counter , as bernie sneak up to take he position again . elmer be in the background try to look professional , defer to brutus . annie step out from behind the counter , curtsy and , shake reynold ' hand . annie good day , Governor . I be Annie . you know , you be a lot taller than you be half a hour ago . reynold well , that 's great to hear at my age , Annie . thank you very much . annie Governor reynold , do you wife , like , have to curtsy ? or do she 0 have a decent job ? reynold er ... Mrs. reynold be do just fine . just fine . he spot kevin and wink at he . kevin smile back . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery . day . bean have let himself into the car . it 's one of the happiest moment of he life , as he inspect the gleam panel and sit back in the gorgeous leather seat . 87 he start the car up - and head up into the circular car park . he sweep dangerously round a few turn - but just manage to keep the car in tact . finally he reach the top floor where there be one quite small space leave . bean be a good driver in a car that be , unfortunately , one foot wider than the one he 's use to . he take out the comb he always use to measure space with he Mini , and measure the space . yes . seem large enough . he move the car in . it be not large enough . with a hideous scraping of metal against metal , the roll royce squeeze in between the two car , lose its wing mirror and door handle in the process . bean look a tadge concerned . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery - day . reynold have move on to elmer who salute crisply . reynold return the salute with pride . reynold Nice set of medal there elmer . which beach they drop you on ? Utah ? omaha ? elmer could not tell you sir . I be so drugge up with the kill I do not know where I be . reynold well , congratulation soldier . CUT to : ext . parking lot - day . bean sit in the wedge car . he try the door - but it will not open a centimetre . he 's totally stick . he look up at a small window in the roof . if only he could get that open . he push various button , which set of windscreen wiper , squirter , radio . he push the cigarette lighter . finally , he pull a lever - and the bonnet pop up a inch . at which moment we see the lighter shoot out , and on to the seat . bean be still look round below the dashboard , when he notice a little fire in the seat beside he . not good news . 88 bean panic a bit , turn and half climb over into the back seat , when he spy a drink cabinet . he have a very good idea - he find a cut crystal decanter of brown liquid , open it and use it to douse the fire . not a wise move with brandy . before the cut , we see the whooosh ! of a major fire in the front seat of the car . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . day . grierson lead reynold towards the main gallery . he point up to the video screen they be pass , which show the two of they walk along - as do every screen in the gallery . reynold be impressed . he glance at david in pass . reynold Nice tie , fella . david grin to himself . CUT to : int . parking lot - day . the front of the car be not what it be . there have be a big fire . it 's out now - three decanter lie empty . bean be not happy . finally , he decide to go for brute strength . he turn the car on again , put it into reverse , and put he foot down on the accelerator . we see the car from above . full throttle . totally still . totally still . and then whoooosh wham !!! it reverse at 100 mph straight backwards , smash violently into and destroy the back of the car behind _ as it happen , bernie 's car . CUT to int . the grierson gallery . ground floor - day reynold stop to admire a small painting - a twelfth century ' crucifixion of Christ ' . grierson ah , one of my favourite . it express a universal agony that the establish Church so rarely acknowledge , do not you think ? 89 reynold Jesus ... no one 's get foot like for cry out loud . have you get foot like that ? damme if I have . let 's move it , shall we ? bernie spot a slightly concerned david . bernie everything okay , David ? david yes . ahm . I be just wonder where my English house guest have get to . bernie he 's just parking the Governor 's car . david great - keep he out of trouble . CUT to : int . parking lot - day . bean be inspect the car . he 's not too happy with it . '. he try to get the bonnet down , but it insist on stay up . he shrug he shoulder and get in to drive off again , have to wind down the window and drive by lean he head out . this mean that as he head for the exit , he fail to see the system to stop people leave without pay , a foot high barrier that appear out of the ground . when he hit it , the car stop dead . bean get out , leave the car idling and go to the booth where normally the attendant would be - but everyone be in the gallery at the moment . Inside he push a couple of button , and , hurrah , get the one that drop the barrier . less hurrah , he have forget to put on the hand brake . as he move back towards the car , it glide slowly down the ramp on the outside of the building , then accelerate , and finally , on a particularly sharp turn , smashes through the wall , and fly off the building . we hear a crash - but do not see where it land . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . ground floor - day governor reynold turn away from another picture . 90 reynold can we go and see Mrs. whistler now ? my eye be make my foot sore , as my wife would say . david sure , Governor . please . this way . the party follow david as he walk through the gallery , towards the double door , to take the lift to the whistler room . a excited atmosphere . CUT to : int . whistler room . day . everyone enter . david lady and gentleman - most of you have see whistler 's mother before , can I ask you just to step back . thank you . it 's part of he plan of caution - he know there 's something wrong - and want as few people as possible to . see the painting close up . the crowd move back . david I would like the Governor to have , as it be , a private audience with he new friend . reynold be flatter . silence . david insert the plastic card key - open the door - and sure enough there in all its glory be whistler 's mother ' . respectful silence . reynold be delighted . he stand back to inspect she . reynold well , hello ma'am ! yes - she certainly look a million dollar to I - or should I say ten million dollar ! everyone applaud . grierson bravo - what do you say to a final glass of , though I say it myself , rather ' expensive ' champagne . ( grin smugly ) 91 people start to file out . reynold , grierson , bernie and david stay behind . david spot bean arrive . he hand the car key back to bernie with a slightly daze smile . david eagerly take he arm and bring he over . david Governor , I do not believe you have meet Dr bean , we expert from England . they turn to each other - recognition from bean " it 's the man from the plane " . he do a very quick hand - shake and try to make a getaway before reynold recognise he ... bean ah , hello , sorry , I ... ahm ... sorry ... bean turn . in fatal slow motion he trip over the cord that stop anyone get too close to the great painting . he spin and fall in the direction of the painting . CUT to : the look of horror on all the face . CUT to : bean , reach out to keep himself stand . we think he 's go to tear the painting . he do not . he simply catch hold of the bottom of the ornate frame . it , , snap off . CUT to : a look of relief for a instant on all face . CUT to : the truth - as the frame break off , there be the little white strip , say , the grierson gallery , home of whistler' mother " - CUT to : a look of horror on all face . CUT to : elmer look like someone have just murder he own mother . CUT to : brutus and side -kick glower at bean . CUT to : int . gallery corridor . day . Governor reynold storming through the Gallery , with - bernie and grierson scamper after he . reynold you be go to sell the State of California a poster - for ten million dollar ! who the hell do you think you be , Shorty !? 92 grierson look , Governor - just wait - it 's may not be as bad as it look .... CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . whistler room - day . david and bean stand alone in silence , in front of the debris . bean be absolutely destitute . david stare at he . bean just lift he hand . totally sad . what will , what can david say to he ? finally , david just put he hand on he shoulder . david Nice try , kiddo . bean cant quite believe he 's forgiven . at which moment , there be a knock on the door . annie enter , hold kevin 's hand . annie David . there 's a call for you . it 's you wife . david great . classic timing . why do not you ask she just to leave a date for the divorce ? I will check my diary later . then he notice the worried expression on annie and kevin 's face . annie she 's call from the hospital ... bean and david both take this in . david turn and run towards the reception area . annie call after he . annie she 's on line three ! kevin grab bean 's hand and they both run after david . annie watch bean go and sigh . annie such ... great bun . CUT to : 93 int . gallery entrance hall . day . the party be in disarray . in the background , david be on the phone at the reception counter with kevin and bean . brutus hover , he suspect bean - want to question he . reynold I have know soldier who have have they head blow off who be more intelligent than you two . not only have you fail to protect you most valuable possession from theft - but you do not even know it would be steal ! I would sooner buy heroin from the guy who sell drug outside my grandson 's school than anything from you guy . grierson I be sorry you feel that way . reynold and I be sorry you look that way , short -ass . that suit stink and you obviously dye you hair . grierson be seriously shocked and offended . now , bring my car round the front please - I have have enough of this crap !. bernie certainly , sir . he rush off . meanwhile , david slam down the phone and he , bean and kevin rush out of the building . elmer , brutus and side - kick give chase . CUT to : ext . gallery parking lot . day . david 's car screech out onto the street and tear away . brutus and side - kick arrive , flustered , at they car . side - kick be frantically search for its key . brutus come on man ! move it ! a car pass by they slowly . elmer be drive . he shout from he window . 94 elmer hey , cop , wanna ride ? jeese , where do they get you guy ? the cop jump in he car while it be still move . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery - day reynold at the entrance . bernie walk up sheepishly , hold up car key . bernie there be one other tiny problem , sir . CUT to : ext . STREET . day . david 's car speed by . elmer 's car be not far behind it . CUT to : int . david be car - day david be drive fast . kevin be Jenny gonna be okay ? david she be wear a helmet . it could have be worse . kevin but be she gonna be okay ? david ( snap ) how the hell should I know ? kevin be hurt . I be sorry . what can I say - she 's unconscious . and I mean - every night when we sleep , we be all unconscious , be not we ? she will pull out of it . God though - why the hell do kid have to ride bike ? david slam on the brake . he nearly go through a red light . 95 david damn ! she 's a good kid . sometimes good people get a break once in a while . ( manage a smile ) a chauffeur drive , open top limo , pull up next to david 's car . bean look out of he window to see the bag lady , from the mall robbery , sit in the back . she be still wear she filthy clothes . she raise a glass of champagne to bean and smile . bean wave back uncertainly . he 's sure he 's see she before - a vague memory . CUT to : elmer 's car be in the traffic queue about ten car back . brutus and side - kick get out and start run down the line towards david 's car . the light be green . david put he foot down and the car screech away just as brutus and side - kick be within inch it . CUT to : brutus and side - kick turn on they heel and head back to elmer 's car . they be very unfit . they be just about to jump in the car when gun shot be hear from a near - by gas station - brutus turn and see a .robbery in progress . a man with a gun be about to run away . brutus be tear , not know which quarry to pursue . brutus shiiiit ! elmer it 's okay ! I will tail them ! brutus you get it . brutus and side - kick draw they gun and run towards the gas station . in a moment of confusion - a shot ring out . we think in the corner of we eye that we see brutus fall to the ground , as elmer screech away after david 's car . CUT to : int . hospital . reception - day much hustle and bustle . david be get direction from a nurse at the desk . he beckon to kevin and bean and stride , purposely towards a corridor . they hurry to catch he up , and bean treat on the back of he shoe . david turn and shout at he . 96 david just stay away from I ! d' you hear ? he take kevin 's hand and storm away round a corner . bean be take aback not know what to do or where to go . he be really feel sorrow now . he 's shake . all part of he slow come to feel thing properly . CUT to : int . hospital . corridor - day david and kevin turn a corner - and stop , freeze . there , sit alone , on a bench , outside jennifer 's room , be alison . she get to she foot . they eye meet . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery - day a crowd outside the gallery , look off camera . the camera follow bernie 's gaze and take in the modern car sculpture . where there be two car face down in the earth , there be now three , the new addition be Governor 's pride and Joy . the three car form a tall pyramid . Close on reynold ' face . grierson approach . reynold do not even think of say one word to I , or I '11 find a way of fitting all three of that car right up you ass . grierson nod - he 's get the message . CUT to : int . hospital . corridor . day alison and david be stand where they be before , three pace apart . alison be upset , tired and draw . alison they be not call it a coma . the doctor say she 's ... just kind of take time out . ( to Kevin ) hi , tough guy . ( to David ) it 's a busy night . the doctor will be back in a while . a doctor pass 97 david Excuse I . doctor 1 I will be back in a minute . david okay , great . alison look at he . we do not quite read the expression but somewhere under there we know she 's think " yup , he 's still ineffective . " alison at least you do not bring Mr bean with you . david ah , well .... CUT to : int . hospital . corridor - day bean be look for he friend . a doctor sweep by he . a nurse behind . nurse Doctor jacobson ? doctor jacobson yes ? nurse we need you urgently in C theatre . doctor jacobson damn . I be just go to number 4 .... nurse it be urgent , sir . doctor jacobson okay ..... the doctor rush away and drop he stethoscope as he .goe . bean see it , pick it up and follow he he 's try to be useful . CUT to : 98 int . hospital . reception - day elmer be at the busy reception desk and have be talk with a nurse . elmer no , no , I do not realise the situation . I will not disturb they now . elmer be obviously move to find out about jennifer . he move towards the exit ... he be surprised to see buck , the night - shift guard , dress in civvy , sit with outpatient . elmer Buck ? buck look up , painfully , go to say something , then dash into a man 's room close - by . elmer shake he head and leave . CUT to : int . hospital . corridor - day . bean still follow dr jacobson , who go through more swing door and then suddenly disappear . bean see a big " 4 " above a door and go in , hold the stethoscope . a nurse accost he instantly . she read he name badge . nurse 2 Doctor ... bean ? bean be feed up try to correct people with this misconception . bean actually ... ( huge sigh ) ... yes , yes , yes ... nurse 2 just in time , sir . allow I . she immediately slip the white coat onto bean , and the glove , and the mask . int . hospital . corridor - day alison , david and kevin be sit on the bench opposite jennifer 's room . kevin pick up jennifer 's super nintendo console from the bench . david notice this . alison answer he look . 99 alison when the Police tell I what have happen I ... it 's stupid I know ... but I remember all that stuff people do to get through to coma victim ... kevin like play they recording of they dish washer and coffee grinder ? alison that right . so I go home and pick it up . david good think . ( pause ) you still call it ' home ' . alison look at he seriously . int . operating theatre . night . Inside the operate theatre , a body be wait in position . there be 3 attend nurse and a assistant doctor . they all look up to bean as he enter , fully kitted up . assistant good evening Doctor .. what we have here be a bullet wound in the lower thorax it seem to have rupture the lung , and there 's severe inner bleed along the abdomen . nurse 2 he 's come round . assistant give he a T 70 , straight away . the victim start to move - he look up - we see he face for the first time . it be the police officer , brutus . he be in great pain . as the sedative shot go in , bean take off he mask , and smile , with a little wave . a look of total panic go over brutus eye , as he lose consciousness . assistant shall I do the cut , sir ? bean nod - he 's not go to argue with anyone . the assistant cut . bean be horrify , almost faint , then snatch the knife . he can not believe this maniac have just cut through another personas flesh . 100 assistant I be sorry . it 's only my first week . bean hand the knife to the nurse testily . nurse I be afraid we will now have to wait for the x-ray , Doctor , or we will never find the bullet . come on everyone sort out the support system . everyone turn to get on with they particular job . bean be leave with the body . a pause . he get a little bored . take a sweet packet out of he pocket . only one sweet leave . he take it out lovingly , and then do what he always do - throw it up into the air , to catch it in he mouth . unfortunately , he forget that he be wear a mask . it hit the middle of the mask and bounce into the cut in the body . bean look down annoyed . check round he - everyone 's ' still busy . so he put he hand in the body , really rummages around , find the sweet , take it out , and then realise he 's in fact get the bullet between he finger . .. guiltily , he slip it back into the body , rummages a bit more , find the sweet , wipe it , &amp ; pop it in he mouth . at which second the x-ray arrive . assistant here we go , doctor . ( studying the X - ray ) the bullet be here - so we will probably have to extend the cut to here . think we all better be prepare for a long one here . this be tricky . bean tut scornfully - ' you be wrong 1 , reach in again , feel around for a second , and triumphantly produce the bullet between he finger . they all applaud . CUT to : int . hospital . corridor - day . bean exit from the theatre - still in gown and mask , follow by the assistant . the police side - kick be wait . side -kick any news on the chief ?. 101 assistant there certainly be . Dr bean here just save he life . side - kick 's eye water . he 's choke . bean shake he hand nervously , and head on fast before he 's find out . he turn the corner and suddenly see david and alison , still seat . alison see he . alison 0 my god . david sorry , honey - he just happen to tag along . alison nothing ever really change , do it , David ? she turn she head away : the bond of the moment before be go . bean look very contrite . at that moment , another doctor walk by . david Excuse I . doctor 2 yes , you doctor will be with you in a minute . we have a lot to deal with here , sir . alison look round , and shake she head . bean kick david in the shin . david look round , puzzle . there be a poster of the human skeleton . bean point to the spine . david look but cannot fathom a relevant meaning from it . another doctor come along - the same one who they speak to first . he 's young , confident slightly arrogant . alison Excuse I , doctor . doctor really ma'am , we will get to you in due course . alison okay . david look at the poster opposite again . spine , ribcage , skull . look back at bean gesture to it . this time the penny drop ! spine spineless ! 102 david say that again , son . doctor I beg you pardon ? david I say say that again , son - because the next time you do , I will make sure you be in there with my daughter , but in a slightly less healthy state and she 's in a coma with a break arm right now . doctor I be er ... sorry if you have be wait a long time . david we have . in fact , we have be sit here since the start of the millennium and I would really like some action from you before the end of the world . a hint of a smile arrive on alison 's lip . she 's hear that somewhere before . david so , why not haul you ... ( check ) nice little ass into this room and explain to I and my wife why we precious daughter be go to be absolutely fine because of all the fantastic intelligence and attention you be go to give she case . doctor okay , sir . certainly . good . david turn to alison - she do a little tilt of she head ` wow ' . and he turn to bean , who point to himself , and nod .... n come on ! david yes , and bean , for God 's sake , keep out of the goddamn way , will you ? bean nod enthusiastically and back off . alison smiling well , well . CUT to : 103 int . hospital . jennifer be room - night Close on a e.c.g. monitor , green line on black screen . david and alison sit by jennifer 's bed . jennifer be unconscious . she have she arm in a cast and a small Band - Aid on she head . otherwise she seem undamage . kevin be sit on the end of the bed play the super nintendo game ( the gothic vampire thing , with bat and he -men , we see on jennifer be tv earlier ) . it be plugge into a t.v. which sit on a trolley . it 's quite a noisy game . kevin be immerse in it . alison let 's get a coffee . david yes. great . Kevin , I '11 send bean in to keep you company . alison exit . David follow . bean enter . he see jennifer for the first time . Sympathy show in he eye . kevin help I with this . it 's a scientific experiment . we be gonna wake up sleep beauty here with the torture scream of vampire bat . bean be determine to help . he sit down with kevin . the game continue . the he -man jump up and down , lash out at bat with he sword . lot of noise , but jennifer sleep on . CUT to : int . hospital . corridor - night by a drink machine . alison finish drink from a plastic cup . alison disgusting . she look up at david , who 's look at she . slowly she get close and put she arm around he . she 's a bit tearful . david everything 's gonna be fine . alison ( pause ) about Charles ... 104 david shhh ... alison it be nothing . we be not ... he just make I laugh . when be the last time we laugh ? any of we ? david I know ... I know . I have be a arsehole of spectacular proportion . Olympic standard . kevin dad ... they look down to see kevin have arrive . kevin this guy just hijacked the t.v. I and bean be try to ... a hospital porter pass , push the t.v. on a trolley . hospital porter sorry , folk . we be short on this and there 's another kid down the hall that could use ... david wait a minute .... ( about to get tough again ) alison please . it 's okay . really . ( to David ) wow - who put the fire in you , my ' man ? CUT to : int . hospital . jennifer be room - night jennifer be still asleep . bean be sit on the end of she bed . he look at the super nintendo console think , " how can I get this work again ? how can I help ? " the only sound in the room be the beep from the e.c.g. machine , monitoring Jennifer 's heart . bean have a idea . he yank off the jack plug at the end of the Super nintendo lead . produce he small screwdriver , he start to unscrew the console case . CUT to : 105 int . hospital . corridor - night david , alison and kevin walk back towards the room . alison maybe I ought to think about get another job . david good idea - with a boss who 's a really ugly son-of - a-bitch . she and david manage to share a smile . they be go to get through this . suddenly , we hear noise from the vampire game , come from jennifer 's room . kevin register this and be puzzle . then alison and david notice it . david I think you say .... CUT to : int . hospital . jennifer be room - day the leary appear in the open doorway . they expression turn from curiosity to horror . bean have plugge the super nintendo game system into the back of jennifer 's e.c.g. monitor . a couple of bat be flap about the screen but the most worry thing here ( show in close - up ) be the sight of a he -man type , jump up and down , lash out , with he sword , at the pass pulse light , show Jennifer 's faint vital sign ... alison gasp . david slowly move into the room . david now , bean ... just put down that thing ... nice and slow ... you hear I ? come on now ... but bean be determine to keep go - it 's he way of revive Jennifer . david approach the opposite side of the bed and get ready to pounce ... CUT to : a close - up of the monitor . the he -man chase the pulse light ... david dive across the bed just as he man swipe the pulse light with he sword . david have land on top of jennifer . the pulse light explode and the monitor screen white - out . jennifer wake up with a start . 106 jennifer dad ! get off !? what 's happen here ?! Mom ? alison cover she mouth , tearful , but she can not hold it back . she laugh . david and kevin stare at jennifer . they can not help but join in the laughter . jennifer have no idea what 's go on . bean be happy that everyone be happy . kevin I do not care what anyone say . Mr. bean bring my sister back from the dead . he do it under laboratory condition . my eye do not lie ! alison grin at he . then at bean . mix through to : int . leary house . kitchen . night . alison be fix some coffee . david enter . david here , let I do that . alison no , I be fine . he just stand there . okay - you grind the bean , and he move towards she - he arm slip round she waist . ... put they in the .... ( but she can not concentrate I do not believe this . I be be seduce by my own husband . pause . they be just about to kiss when bean enter . he 's a bit impatient . bean ahm - excuse I ... ( pointing to he watch ) you know .. they jump apart . the moment be go . alison oh yes . sorry . though I think this be ready . 107 alison take out two single sock which have be neatly wrap around a couple of drink mat and put in the toaster slot . alison there . be that how you like they ? bean beam at she . he 's impressed - and feel he 's accept . he leave . alison he 's not too bad . I can live with he . david I be afraid you do not know the half of it . sit down . I have a tale to tell . and not a happy one . CUT to : ext . the leary kitchen . night look in front outside , we see alison sit down . we see , , but do not hear David start to talk . within second she hand go up to she face in horror . CUT to : int . grierson' office . day . with heavy heart everyone be gather to hear they fate . Pan across the familiar face . david . bernie . elmer . annie . bean , look nervous and shifty . Dead silence as grierson stand , very solemnly . grierson colleague - what can I say ? incident such as occur yesterday teach a man important lesson . on reflection , I realise it would have be a sin to sell whistler 's mother to such a impertinent philistine as Governor reynold . and therefore , I blame myself for have ever let thing get to such a pass that we feel we have realise we the staff - twelve get today , I have schimmel as to sell she . I suddenly problem here have not be it 's be the leadership flabby , lazy - and so decide to appoint bernie my new vice - President . CUT to bernie , look smug next to david , who be pretty shocked by this . 108 grierson he 's a man with a plan who will haul we into profitability and the 21st century . bernie thank you , sir . although , I be afraid I do not quite see how we can ... grierson good point bernie - precisely the kind of perceptive interjection I would expect from my new v.p. how can we , you ask , survive without whistler 's mother - we single great asset ? well , the truth be - we can not . so what be I say ? will we find she again ? never - this robber be clearly the work of a criminal of great genius . bean look pleased - but then realise it 's not a suitable emotion ~ so nod sagely . insurance ? not a chance . that bastard never pay . so , surely we be bankrupt ? surely you job be forfeit ? surely you be back on the unemployment line , scraping a live as waiter and boy ? yes . yes indeed . except for one little thing . one little thing do by one little man . dare I say , one helluva little man . watch this . everyone be totally at a loss . grierson stand and move to the frame poster of whistler 's mother on the wall . he then produce a plastic key card and insert it in a slot on the side of the frame . a buzz and a click ! a electric motor start to whirrrr ... the glass , along with the title strip at the bottom of the poster , slide gently down inside the picture frame to reveal that the poster be in fact the original oil of whistler 's mother . grierson lady and gentleman . the real whistler 's mother ! there be gasp from the room . bean be open mouth . grierson beam as many applaud and bean now join in hyperactively . he 's save ! grierson the best security in the world be no match for a master criminal . but no master criminal be a match for I . thank you all . now if you would please return to you post , my new vice President , Bernard shimmel would like you all to see the computer program we have prepare for yesterday until we be so rudely interrupt by event . the room be empty . david and bean stand there , david stunne . grierson head over . grierson David , David , David ... david I be fire ? because I let a ... copy of a painting the get steal ? grierson of course not . I be sacking you for neglectful conduct , relate to the heavy financial loss this gallery have incur , through you recent lack of professional judgement . a loss I trust bernie will be able to reverse . David but .... grierson I will of course invite you a excellent reference - or bernie will . bernie look across from the computer and smile . bean have he eye on david . he be mortify by what 's happen . grierson notice but misinterprets he worried expression . grierson of course , Dr. bean , we will arrange alternative accommodation for you . I believe bernie have a spare room with en suite bathroom . david glare at bernie . bean be think ' no ! I do not want to stay with horrible bernie . ' grierson how be you make out there ? 110 bernie all fix up , sir . stick around , davey boy . this be go to be quite a show . he press a intercom . he 's enjoy himself . hi everyone - this be you new vice President , bernie shistler . would you please watch you video screen . you be in for a treat , guy . CUT to : int . various room . day . all the staff in all the room , gallery , canteen , corridor , look up at various screen . cut round room during this flashy demonstration . bernie ( V /0 ) here you can see we new interactive gallery guide . every picture in the gallery will have its own story to tell . a Van gogh picture come up on the giant video screen .... and then keep change , as bernie keep talk . just click , and here be a portrait of the painter - then he family then other painting by he - then other picture relevant to he in the gallery everyone be delighted and impressed . and the beauty be , any idiot can use it . Dr bean - would you like a try ? CUT to : int . grierson' office - day . bean swiftly oblige and sit at the computer . bernie perhaps you would like to bring up whistler 's mother . but bean have another plan . he begin to click box . CUT to : int . the grierson gallery . MAIN gallery - day . the millais painting we have see before , with the padlock , come up on the video screen . bernie ( v/0 ) ah , we visit professor have choose the splendid millais painting - " his mistress " CUT back : int . grierson' office . day . bean busy on the computer . bernie just click on the corner . bean again disobey ... he click on the padlock repeatedly - hum the familiar ' goblin ' tune . bernie be look very tense . bernie right let I take over now ... bean turn and snarl at he - almost a bark ... CUT to : int . the MAIN gallery - day everyone be glue to the screen . bernie you have have long enough on it now . a joke 's a joke . that 's it . period ! on the computer screen , the screen have go black , just as it do when bean be play earlier , and the 6 dash have appear with the flash cursor over the first of they . all watch , intrigue by what they see . CUT to : int . grierson' office day the blood drain from bernie 's face . still hum happily , bean slowly type in the letter : p-e-r-i-0 -d bernie you can stop right there , mr! that be confidential ... 112 word and figure fill the screen . bean throw he hand up and sing a verbal fanfare : bean daaa ! daaa ! grierson move to david 's side and the two stare at the screen , the meaning of its content dawn on they . Close up of the screen as they eye find the word : ` new artist exhibit ' in the middle of column of word , figure and dollar sign . CUT to : int . grierson gallery . all room . the same figure be be flashed all over on the huge screen . people watch and listen in awe . annie and elmer stare at it angrily . CUT to : int . grierson' office ~ day bernie Excuse I , if I may just ... grierson ( calmly ) shut up , schimmel . exactly how long have you be siphon gallery money into you own private account ? david scroll down the screen . david look at all this - publicity expenditure ... catering ... all completely fictional ... back as far as June 93 ... bernie I do not think you really understand what you be look at ... grierson horse shit . you be dead , grease - ball . period . he push a button , that send a picture of what 's happen in he office throughout the Gallery . my friend , good news . Mr schimmel be not only no longer vice - President . he actually no longer work here . bernie but wait a minute - you can not let some moron from England turn you against I . I deny any knowledge of this . he probably type in all this stuff himself . do not you find it all a bit suspicious that it 's here at he fingertip . ( point at bean ) there 's you criminal , gentleman . there 's the limey that set I up ! pause . all eye turn to bean . CUT to people watch the big screen everywhere . grierson Dr. bean . have you get anything to say to that ? bean look long and hard at bernie . bean yes - ( pause ) it 's exceedingly rude to point . and punch bernie sharply in the nose . everyone in the gallery burst into applause . CUT to : ext . the grierson gallery - day . half a hour later . Police car draw up . bernie be shove in the back seat of one . grierson , bean &amp ; david watch . grierson ( to uniform cop ) I do not know what you method be this day , Officer , but I would also ask he a few question about the destruction of the whistler copy . bean nod he head firmly . the car pull away . then break and reverse . the side - kick get out . side ~kick oh , yeah - I forget . side -kick open the back of the car . he take out a huge bunch of flower . the chief say I be to give you this . bean be delighted . then sniff the flower . what a nasty stink . not he sort of thing at all . 114 side -kick drive away . grierson turn to david . grierson I owe you a very serious apology , young man . it would not surprise I if you want to leave we after this . I sincerely hope that you do not . david very accommodating well , no , sir , I be sure ... he look sideways to bean , who be frantically point to he spine . david get the message , and change he tune .. let I think about that , Thomas . we would have to talk quite a salary hike . grierson of course . david and a car . grierson mmmmm ... david maybe two car . grierson a car sound sensible . david and I need Fridays off , to spend more time with my family . speak of which - if you will excuse I .... I have get a lot of time to make up . david head off . bean want to follow , but need to get rid of the stinky flower . he turn to annie and give they to she to be rid of they . she beam with delight : after all , he did love she . bean head off with david to the parking lot . as they go , david put a arm round bean . who shoos he away instantly . no sloppiness for he . CUT to : 115 ext . the leary house . hall - day . the leary family in a group . jennifer 's arm in a sling . alison well , it 's be ... unusual . but thank you . she go to kiss bean - but he just stick out he hand , and shake it firmly . then move on to jennifer . jennifer good-bye Mr bean . sorry I scream that first time . he shake she break arm firmly ... and she scream again . david come on hurry or we will be late . CUT to : ext . leary house . day . bean , kevin &amp ; david get into the car . it pull away , as they drive off , bean stick he hand of the window - and wave a last farewell to alison and jennifer . at last a sentimental moment - romantic music swell - like liza minelli at the end of " cabaret " . until the wave hand viciously crack against the wooden front gate as the car squeeze past . mix through to : int . american airport . departure area - day the three 30 year old woman , dress in curly red wig from the musical , ' Annie ' , hug and kiss they little bald man and send he off through the gate . they shriek and wave he good - bye . david , kevin and bean be there . david ... oh , and grierson phone Lord Walton at the National . Said good thing about you . so expect a great reception back home , huh ? bean delighted . promotion be in he sight . he study he watch . he 's be polite but hold really like to get go . 116 kevin good-bye beanie . it 's bean .... surreal . and do not forget you be welcome to come back anytime ... david deliver a sharp nudge to he rib . kevin ... in the distant future . david bye , bean . thanks for everything . and take care , huh ? I know it 's insane , but I be go to miss you . bean nod abruptly , pick up he case , check he watch and go . he do not look back . Kevin and David turn and walk away . david do stop to look back over he shoulder at bean , head off in the distance . but bean do not turn , so david walk on . then there be suddenly a tap on he shoulder . it 's bean , , as though he 's magically jump there . he give david a big bear hug , a big grin , and then a little wave - and head away . in the distance , he tread on the back of , some one 's shoe . mix through to : ext . the national gallery . london - day shot from high up . bean 's lime green mini approach , come around trafalgar Square , and drive up onto the pavement , in front of the gallery . it stop and bean get out . he look up at the building , pleased to be back . CUT to : ext . the national gallery - day bean pause outside the revolve door to clip he staff identity badge onto he top pocket . he enter in high spirit . CUT to : int . the national gallery - day bean enter the reception hall . it be totally desert . he frown , and head on , puzzle .. 117 CUT to : int . national gallery . gallery 1 day the place be totally empty except for a cleaner sweeping up litter in the middle of the room . there be fade rectangle on the wall where all the painting should be . only one very solid look statue remain . bean be thoroughly perplex cleaner they have move , guy . bean be utterly perplex . he look round the corner into another empty gallery , and shake he head . CUT to : ext . the national gallery - day bean look up at the building and give a disgust grunt , before get into he car and drive off around trafalgar Square . his brow be deeply furrow . what will he do now with he life ? CUT to : int . the national gallery ~ day the empty gallery bean just inspect . then , from out behind the one remain statue , emerge miss hutchinson . then , from behind a pillar , lord walton . lord walton be he go ? miss hutchinson yes , my lord . lord walton tell the other . miss hutchinson very well , my lord . CUT to : int . pitch dark room . day . pitch dark . a door open and the light from the corridor fall on the 150 gallery employee squash into this one tiny room . it 's the go 's loo . 118 miss hutchinson 's head pop in . miss hutchinson he 's go . massive cheer , bowler in the air , massive music . Roll credit . CUT to : ext . bean' house day . behind the credit , we see close - up of bean hammer away at large plank of wood on some wooden structure . he walk away from it - without we see what it be and go to he Mini , where teddy sit on a pile of book in the front seat , wear a seat belt . bean get into the car , which be laden with suitcase , start it up and drive .... .... straight into the huge crate he have build . a rope tie to the back bumper pull the lid close behind he . CUT to : ext . motorway . day . the crate sit on the back of a speed truck . CUT to : ext . airport . day . the crate be now on the top of a forklift truck move up the ramp on a american airline cargo plane . Close up on a large sticker on the crate : it read : " david leary , 23 woodford avenue , chesterfield , california . handle with care . and cut to the plane fly through clear sky . though , for the lear 's of course there be no clear sky ahead . the end