beast of no nation written by cary joji fukunaga base on the novel by uzodinma iweala May 8th , 2014 shoot script forward note : the dialogue in this screenplay be faithful in form to the novel , originally write in a lighter form of nigerian pidgin English know as krio . krio ( and its various dialect ) be use as a lingua franca throughout West Africa , from the gambia to cameroon , and be speak by million . front credit over black : the krio - accented voice of agu ( 10 ) . agu ( v.o. ) it be start like this ... ext . village football pitch - day angle on : the plastic exterior of a screen-less television . through it we see child run in circle on a football pitch . angle on the boy balance it on he head , agu ( 10 ) , a warm smile and clever eye . next to he , dike , he littler best friend . agu which one have talent ? dike that one ... not that one . ext . village market - day agu pass a line of young men lie on wheel barrow while carry the tv . dike and they young recruit , the kid they be scout on the football pitch , follow suit . ext . ecomod check point - day ( formerly sc . 14 ) agu and dike drop the tv down on a stool in front of the village constable , charming it up . village constable agu , what be I suppose to be do with this ? agu watch tv , massah . villager constable it be not have a screen . agu it be imagination tv . agu have the young recruit perform , frame in the empty space of the demolish television . the constable be unimpress . 2 . village constable it be garbage . go , get out of here . agu disappointed but not discourage , look at the peace observer with optimism . ext . ecomod troop transport - day ( formerly sc . 15 ) agu stand in front of white helmete nigerian troops . the 2nd lieutenant humor he . 2 nd lieutenant it do not have any channel . agu turn the knob swiftly . agu it be have 12 , and one more , that be the imagination channel . he address he young recruit to perform again . the 2nd Lieutenant be amused . 2 nd lieutenant and how much for this treasure ? agu 3000 . and you be give we some of you food . 2nd Lieutenant motion to he corporal to get something out of the carrier . the corporal come back with several plastic container of rice and sauce . 2 nd lieutenant take this . agu review the food . 2nd Lieutenant pull out a pack of gum from he side pocket to sweeten the deal . agu snatch up the taking , give some cash to dike and he recruit . ext . national highway - day agu walk home with dike , argue playfully , when a cheap putter chinese motorcycle pull up with big brother ( 15 ) and a friend . big brother what be you two girl plotting ? agu look up . 3. agu ( v.o. ) Big brother . big brother come , I have job for you . ext . national highway - tree - day ( formerly sc . 7 ) agu hang from a tree . dike hang from another branch as they each take turn saw a larger branch . Big brother direct they from below . agu ( v.o. ) Big brother . he be always have idea . they cut the large tree limb and let it crash across the street just as a BUSH taxi come . they charge it a " tax " . as agu count the change , a old witch woman arrive from the bush . from everyone 's reaction to she we can see she be the crazy of the village . all the boy watch she warily . the old woman focus in on agu in particular . old woman enh ! you be not greeting I ? the old woman hold out a handful of groundnuts , dirty and greasy in she palm . agu ( v.o. ) witch woman . nobody be talk to she because every person be fear she . the Old woman talk while rearranging she ground nut in she palm . old woman this young person not behave well anymore , just act like animal . but it be okay . ( to agu ) trouble go follow you . agu no trouble go follow I . I be a good boy . a Bush taxi zoom past , barely miss the old woman . 4. big brother trouble go touch you old woman if you stay stand in the middle of the road . old woman I be know you , boy . I be know you family . and trouble go follow all of you . thiefe ! throw a old woman like I from she land ! Devil go bless you family ! another bush taxi zoom by as she go on she way ranting to herself . agu ( v.o. ) I have a good family . int . agu' close primary school ( flashback ) - day agu 's father ( 30' ) teach a primary school class about African fauna . agu can barely stay awake as he look out the window . Father snap he finger in he face , ask " where do the lion live , agu ? " agu respond , " in the zoo . " agu ( v.o. ) my Father be a teacher . but since war be make it so we have no more school , he be keep busy . ext . national highway - idp camp - day father , who be agu 's father , direct the building of a makeshift internally displace person ( idp ) camp along with the paramount chief . agu ( v.o. ) he and the paramount Chief cut some of we land so that all of the refugee can be have a place to be stay . mother be say he be always do good thing . int . agu' home - night agu lay on he mother 's ( 30' ) back as he read out loud from a nature magazine . Father observe they while smoking he pipe . agu look up at he father happily , comfortable and safe . 5 . agu ( v.o. ) mother . before she be have child she be also be a teacher , but she be say raise child be too too much work . ext . kitchen hut - day agu sit behind he mother prepare dinner while hum a song . she quizh agu on the ingredient of the meal she be make . he enjoy watch she work , he baby brother swaddle on she back as she sing . little sister sit next to he , mimick he . agu ( v.o. ) my mother be always work hard for we and so I be thanking she by work hard too . ext . national highway - dusk ( formerly sc . 16 ) on the road home , agu , comfortably sit between he Big brother and a friend , notice 16 refugees walk toward the village , they meager item place on they head . for agu , they be impossibly fascinating . ext . agu' house - day Big brother take a bath in a outdoor shower surround in thatch . he be cover in sud when he feel agu pee a warm spray on he . he clear he face in the pee and immediately tear after agu . agu ( v.o. ) Big brother , he be more concerned with he muscle , and he skin . sometimes I add to he product . int . agu and big brother room - day Big brother have capture agu and be roll he up in a thick carpet that make it impossible for he to use he arm to escape . he look like a tampon with a head as Big brother prop he up against the wall . 6 . agu ( v.o. ) Big brother be also concerned with sleep . Big brother be talk about sleep with a girl in the village as he dance to music from a tape deck . agu ( v.o. ) I be not like he music , and I be not like he dance , and if he be play it loud loud I do not know how this girl will be sleep . fuming , agu look like he be about to cry as he yell at he brother to be let go . int . village church - previous sunday agu sit uncomfortably on one of the church bench amongst hundred of people listen to a pastor with he support staff with musician behind they . agu ( v.o. ) I be go to church every Sunday with my family . he look up , distract , at the spin ceiling fan . mother pinch he leg , motion for he to pay attention . Big brother be make eye with a teenage girl from across the aisle . she return he affection coyly . agu look at Father who pretend like he be doze to entertain agu . agu ( v.o. ) Father be say that pastor be think he can be talk so much because he be have he reverend doctorate -- that be make he doctor of " talk . " on another pew , dike sit with a well dress family . they raise they chin in salutation as everyone stand to sing . ext . village church - day the parishioner spill out of the church clap and sing in a parade of music and dance . the church brass and percussion band blasting a celebratory tune . 7. agu ( v.o. ) God be like music more than just talk so if we be sing and dance , then he be listen to we well well . int . agu and big brother room - from before father snatch the tape player from the shelf , hit the machine to make it stop . father what be wrong with you ? you know you can not waste battery on such nonsense ! agu and Big brother can not help laugh as Father slap the laugh out of Big brother from the back of he head . father ( cont 'd ) ( to agu ) and you ? what be you do ? ( to Big brother ) unroll he . Big brother snap the carpet , spin agu . father ( cont 'd ) agu . what be this ?! Father hold up several the plastic container of food . father ( cont 'd ) well ? agu I ... father I ? i. i. i. what ? agu I get they from the nigerian . father we do not need handout . we be not beggar on the street . we be not refugee . I work for this family and I provide for this family . agu but I earn - 8. father you will return they . agu yes , Father . Father look at agu a beat longer to ensure agu understand , then he tender a force smile to release the tension . father good dance . ( to agu ) go on , help mother . ext . kitchen hut - day agu 's sister sweep the grounds between the kitchen hut and the main house with a small wad of reed fashioned into a broom . agu grate a long reedy root into a bowl . Inside the house , agu spy father rest on a chair while listen to the radio , a BBC - like african correspondent report ... BBC correspondent ( o.s. ) it would seem thing be change quickly within the interim government . as of this morning , the NRC junta move to abolish all political party , further consolidate they control of the government in the wake of the recent military coup ... agu 's grandfather sit on a bench . his eye be open , stare into the courtyard , but he do not appear to be awake , fly buzzing around he milky eye . agu walk in front of he , bend closer to look at he , make funny pose , do " the robot . " grandfather do not react . BBC correspondent ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant General sangania , commander - in-chief of the armed force responsible for the junta , state in a recent press conference that it be he intention to rid the southern region of the plf ... 9 . agu lean in closer to he grandfather , see that he father be not pay attention , he use the long reed and tickle grandfather 's nostril . his nose twitches but he do not stop agu . agu laugh to himself . BBC correspondent ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he also condemn the Native Defence Force militia , who he say present a threat to the very fabric of national security ... see agu , father turn off the radio . agu , realize he be catch , turn towards Father but hold the straw behind he back . expecting to be yell at , agu 's father say ... father it 's okay agu , do not be worry . we be in a safe place , we be in the - agu ( v.o. ) " - buffer zone " . that be why so many refugee be come here small small . many people be suffer but we be not , here we be safe . agu walk back to the kitchen . in the background , we hear the BBC correspondent back on again . ext . local water pump - dusk agu and Big brother fill up water for the evening 's cooking and dish . Big brother 's arm work hard to pump the water . he look at agu , contemplate . big brother when I be you age , if I be do the same thing you be do , Father would beat I . you be lucky this war be happen . agu I be not lucky . it be just because everyone be like I . just then some men pass by yell out , " hello agu ! " Big brother be ignore . agu notice the teenage girl Big brother like pass by , so do he , pump harder . as she disappear down the bend , he motion to he arm . 10 . big brother when she be see this , she knee must be wobble with hunger . agu snort with laughter now . ext . national highway - same as if the dialogue continue , agu and Big brother carry water on they head . big brother and you will see , I will be like this with all the girl in town . he kiss the air on each side of he several time , as if he be surround by woman that want a peck on the lip from he . int . agu' home - night agu , he Big brother , he Father , he mother , and he baby sister sit on the floor of the house around a large dinner plate of rice with cassava . agu feed he grandfather , who chew slowly , but again seem unaffected by he surroundings . when he can , agu stuff he face with food to catch up to everyone else . big brother we be see that witch woman on the road today . she be say we be thief . why be she say that ? father she be not right in she head . God have take away she ration . the land we be let the refugee use have be in we family since before you grandfather , we give she a place in the camp but she refuse . agu watch he father eat , slowly , taste and appreciate every bite , smile at mother . agu realize he own way of eat be much more voracious and hasty . he mimic he father the next bite . agu so she 's crazy ? agu burp involuntarily . 11 . Father look up from he meal . mother sigh as Big brother join with a burp , too . agu laugh , as Father join in with he own long and bellow burrrrrp . agu be in tear laugh . they quiet down again , but suddenly sister fart . they all be hysterical on the floor . eventually the laughter subside and Father notice something beyond agu . father enh ? what be that ? agu look over he shoulder . agu enh ? Father get up and walk across the room . father what be this ? Big brother notice , too , and he eye lead we to ... insert : on a tv without its case . the tube and the knob be dangle by its side . it be the tv that agu sell . Father lunge after agu . freeze frame again . ext . agu' house - night agu sleep on the front porch , afraid to go inside . agu ( v.o. ) I be a good boy . but sometimes I be sleep outside so I be not have to go inside and be get a beat . the light go out on the porch . agu look out over the town as all light go out . mother light candle and lamp and step out over he to see what be go on in town . Father walk over with he radio , shaking it for a better signal . she look to he for a answer as a radio broadcast play the voice of the lieutenant general address the plf and request they lay down they weapon in return for amnesty within 24 hour . 12. father why so fearful ? do not the light go out all the time ? it will come back . mother hold onto Father . agu watch they from the doorway . she turn towards he , adjust she display of fear . mother go on agu , go to bed . agu no beat ? Father bring mother in close , agu wait for a answer . int . agu and big brother be room - morning father get up ! get up , now ! we be go to church ! Father shake agu awake . agu , still groggy , hide he face from the light . big brother but it be not Sunday . agu see he Father 's stress . so do Big brother . ext . national highway - day agu and he family watch as a long convoy of NRC junta Army truck enter they town . pastor ( o.s. ) it be say in the Bible that God be only help that who be help themselves . int . village church - day agu and family be press against the wall , everyone drip with sweat . agu , between the tower adult , look up at the fan but they be not turn . 13. pastor be not God protect the israelite when they be have to leave they own home ? Big brother see agu struggle below and pick he up and put he on he shoulder so he can see . agu whisper to he brother ... agu where be dike ? agu scan the room for dike and he family , but can not see they . the pastor speak from a podium while a ecomod captain , local imam , paramount chief hold he golden talisman , a linguist , assistant pastor , village elder , one female representative sit behind he . agu smile to himself , the pastor look desperate to he . pastor we can not allow ourselves to face voluntary self - destruction . May God bless we all ! agu ( v.o. ) reverend doctorate . agu look down at he Father to share he observation , but he father have a look that agu have never see before : fear . the entire room be grip with it as they murmur they concern and belief to they neighbor . man # 4 what about we home , property we leave behind ? we crop ? who will protect they ? the crowd go silent as the paramount chief lean forward . paramount chief linguist . the linguist join he at he side , lean over to listen . the crowd lean in , know that the linguist will only filter . paramount chief ( cont 'd ) I be listen to the pastor and to the imam , and the representative for the woman , and what they have to say be wise , but not all of it . it be right that we must be help ourselves . ( more ) 14 . paramount chief ( cont 'd ) the NRC junta tell we to be run away be not acceptable . we forefather have live on this land for century . it be we duty to preserve it for we child . the crowd adjust and shift nervously . paramount chief ( cont 'd ) now that the NRC have break its promise and enter the buffer zone , we should be accept ecomod help and be send woman and the small small child to safer area . but we who call ourselves man must stay . some of the crowd react in favor of the Chief while many more moan in fear , drown out the linguist 's call ... linguist ( shouting over the crowd ) the section Chiefs and they deputy should be assemble after this to discuss protection of this village . we all must do we part . family erupt in protest . the crowd divide and break into argument again . man # 2 man # 3 how can the world be do we must all be leave , that nothing if we have rebel so be the only way . so close ?! man # 1 man # 4 rebel over here , Army over what about the refugee ? we there , it be so so bad . we people must be help first . will be squash in the middle ! linguist the refugee be we problem , they be we guest . insult be sling from across one side of the room to another , but the Chief be do and part the crowd on he way out . agu Father , I be not see dike . mother look at Father . pleadingly . 15 . father it be my responsibility ... agu Father , where be dike ? father ( short ) dike and he family be go ! they fle . agu and Big brother watch Father push he way through the crowd towards the paramount Chief and elder , disappear with other section Chiefs . int . agu' home - night agu and Big brother listen through a wall as he mother and father argue . they play with flashlight over a game of draught . father he can not be move , he be a old man . and I will not force - mother sometimes I be think that you be have no sense at all . father what be so irrational about stay with you sister in the Capital , I will be come to meet you once I be know everything be safe here . I can not just be abandon my responsibility . mother but then you be abandon we . Father throw he arm up in frustration . father just remove that think from you head . what be we just suppose to be do , then ? enh ? just run into the bush and live like rat ? mother no , you be not understanding anything . ( more ) 16 . mother ( cont 'd ) do you want I to be a refugee in my own country , with three child in my arm and no husband ? we be one family , we must be stay as one family . father I be not ask you . I be tell you woman . Father know he deeply wounded mother , but he also know she will not argue further , even at the cost of they intimacy . ext . village market - day ecomod troops stand next to a jeep , two troop carrier , and several civilian lories in the market . a convoy of truck fill with stuff and people pile on top muscle out of town , leave they in a black cloud of exhaust . the market be pack with man try to pack they woman and child into bush taxi , truck , dump trunk and flat bed -- any vehicle that will help they evacuate . Father pull he family towards one of the last car to be load . the driver , a flat and sweaty face with froth in the corner of he mouth , cut he off - driver come back tomorrow . father I be the section Chief and this be my family , there must be space . driver no space . father just one woman and this small small child . the driver look at agu 's mother , little brother strapped to she back , and sister , and then down at agu . driver and the little boy ? agu ( insult ) I be not a " little " boy . the driver , amused , reveal black tooth . 17 . father him , too . the Driver scratch he head do basic spatial math : there be at least nine people pile into the front and back seat of the station wagon . the trunk be fill with luggage as well as a pile on the roof tower at least ten-feet high . driver and where be you think this woman and child will be fitting . father I be think this woman and child be more valuable than all this luggage you have pile in back . he point to the front . father ( cont 'd ) they can be sit with you in the front . the driver laugh off the suggestion . driver 70000 . no boy . father with the boy - - the driver raise he finger to shush he ... mother we will find another way . father ( to mother ) no ! ( to driver ) with the boy . driver no bargain . or be you want you woman to be walk through the bush to the capital ? mother look prideful . mother I would rather be walk then leave my child . ( more ) 18. mother ( cont 'd ) ( to father ) I be not leave he . father ( to driver ) please . how much to fit the boy ? driver no boy . two family , see a opportunity , start offering money to the driver to take the mother 's space . without recourse , Father start push she towards the car . mother no . no we cannot ! Father be pick up Little sister to place she inside . mother ( cont 'd ) no , I cannot ! father ( whisper , consol ) do not scare they . you be strong . you will be okay . take care of they and I will take care of we boy . now get in , there be no choice . Father pay the Driver as mother kneel down to agu , unable to speak , on the verge of break down ... mother remember to be praying praying to God all the time and not to be worry , we will be see each other soon . she hug and kiss he , grab he hand , before turn away . she slide into the front seat , the gearshift situate between she leg , sister and Little brother on she lap . Three more people between she and the passenger door . all be hot , uncomfortable , and scared . agu mother ! she cannot bear to be look at agu , Big brother or Father , instead , she look a the face around she , and then forward . 19 . Father hold agu by both shoulder in front of he . agu begin to cry . he can not see mother . he try to move but Father hold he back . father you be with the man now , agu . be strong , wave goodbye . Big brother be hold back tear as well , struggle just as hard to be strong . the engine rumble to a start spew black smoke onto agu and what 's leave of he family . as the car pull away , agu can not help himself , he break away and run after the car , cry after he mother . agu mama ! agu 's brother grab he hand and hold he back . big brother let 's go home . Father look at they tenderly . the square , fill with the sound of strain engine and cry family . agu ( v.o. ) and this be how it be start . ext . / int . agu' home - night the last light of day . agu , Big brother , he Father and grandfather sit around a meager plate of rice and sauce . they eat quietly . agu do not like the taste of he father 's cooking . agu ( v.o. ) if I be close my eye , I be see the rainy season and how in my village , they be say it be always bring change too fast . you can be find that the whole world be wash away beneath you feet . Father feed grandfather , the activity help keep he thought in order . 20 . outside , thunder roll , or something that sound like it . Father be acutely aware of it , as if it could be artillery . agu do not seem to notice as the camera move away from the family and out towards the wet countryside . agu ( v.o. ) you can be walk on road and find that you be swim in river . you can be start day all dry and warm and then be finish with you clothes like another skin on you body . nothing be ever for sure and everything be always change . fade out : fade in SOUND : the sound of battle replace thunder . more coarse , pierce boom than thunder . pant breath . patter foot . ext . village street - day agu run with he Father , Big brother , and grandfather down the middle of town . just behind they a contingent of 20 plf rebel descend on foot . bullet zip by . agu and he family find a SMALL group of civilian wait on the ground , pin down by gunfire . some of the men from the Church with club and machete . Father nod to they , point in one direction . they shake they head . he point in the other direction . they shake they head no again . they all slip between the stair of the same building , assess they situation . rebel spread out on the hill overlook the town . there be no where to go . Father look at he child , know it be a mistake not to get they out of town . beckone by a village man , the family run across the road , grandfather on Big brother 's back , into a building where other villager be hide . 21 . int . village build near market - day Water leak from the ceiling onto the group of ten men and boy , they rudimentary weapon point towards the ceiling , squeeze look and sometimes avoid each other 's gaze -- expose they fear and expectation . agu ( v.o. ) I be not feel my leg . it be like they be belong to other person - outside , the sound of battle come from all direction . it be a invisible loom threat herald by a cacophony of high pitch projectile , ground shaking explosion , and cry of the wounded . bang . Father look out a small slit . he see a NRC soldier fall from a sniper hit . the soldier move for cover , seemingly hold at bay by the nearby shooter . he look back at all the face in the room with he . fearful . another shot ring out , it be near . he look up and realize the sniper be in they building . agu ( to he Father ) will they be kill we ? a man slap he face , but he can not see who it be . man ( hushed ) shut up ! man # 2 ( whispering ) if they be find we ... agu turn towards he father . man # 3 ( whispering ) they will drive we body into the bush , just leave we for animal to be eat . man ( through he tooth ) shut up , I say . they will be find we only if you keep talk . ( more ) 22. man ( cont 'd ) and if they be rebel they will be cut off we hand and hold they to be shaking each other , be that what you be want ? a string of bullet hit the concrete outside . another explosion rock the room . agu 's eye fill with dread . man # 2 man ( cont 'd ) and if they be Army they shut up ! shut up ! will just be shoot we . father ( whisper to agu ) do not be listen to they , agu . no matter what happen , this be how God test we , we must be strong . a shriek startles they . outside , soldier scream order to each other . they be very near . man # 2 ( through he tooth ) I be rather to be outside than to just be die like animal inside ! Men murmur in agreement . Father see a government army tank turn the corner . father we stay here , outside we die . father ( cont 'd ) if we be run now , none of we will be have a chance . nobody say anything . then ... bang . another shot . Father look and see one more down government soldier . boom . b- boom . the tank fire into they building . rocking the structure and raining down water and chunks of cement . all of they ear be ringing . man # 2 we must go ! father you be kill we all ! agu be shaking . 23. man # 3 if you be run fast , then the soldier will not be see you . agu look between he Father and Big brother . his eye tear , he stomach churn with fear and nausea . man shut up , quiet , they will be hearing we ! father stay down ! they break the door open . Light , air , and sound pour into the room . everyone sigh . bullet obliterate the three man by the door . government soldier appear in the doorway , everyone throw they hand up in surrender . ext . village square - minute later agu , Big brother , Father , grandfather and several of the man sit on the ground with they hand on they head . three government army soldier hold they at gun point , prodding they , shove they head , toy with they and tie they up . agu notice that some of the NRC soldier be child just a couple year older than himself . a government army sergeant interrogates they . sergeant which faction be you fight for ? father we be not fighter . we be from this town . we be protect the store . sergeant you be Native Defense force ? father no . I be a section Chief . we be task to stop looter . sergeant ( to he corporal ) bring the woman . ( more ) 24 . sergeant ( cont 'd ) ( to father ) you be call we looter ? government army Soldiers exit building and connect street carry loot goods . they dump they into they truck . the corporal return with the old woman from he jeep . sergeant ( cont 'd ) do you know this man ? the old woman look at Father , then at agu and he brother . she shake she head . old woman I do not know they . the men all yell in protest . agu look angrily at the wretch woman . father this woman , everyone know she be crazy . just talk to she , massah , you will see she be not right in the head . old woman they be not from here , they must be rebel . the man protest . the sergeant nod gravely . sergeant we , the armed force of the National reformation Council , find you to be spy and sentence you to immediate and summary execution . ( to the soldier around they ) waste they . father ( look at he boy ) run ! the man rise , that who have not be tie yet put they hand up and back away as the government Army Soldiers shoot they to the ground , point blank . agu and Big brother run . agu dodge around a corner as a bullet hit the wall beside he . 25 . safely around the corner , he stop and look over for Big brother who be just a second ago behind he . agu look down , Big brother be lie face down in a pool of blood . agu reach for he Big brother as he body be pelt by bullet . reloading , they see agu freeze in place . they aim to fire just as agu regains he sense and run . ext . BUSH - continuous agu slam through the bush , branch scraping past he . his flip - flop slapping the red mud . fling it all over he . the sound of war go . ext . BUSH - dusk agu wander on he own . lose , confuse , angry , he emotion overwhelming he . he cry drunkenly , walk deeper into the wild . ext . forest tree - night agu try to sleep on a branch of a tree , he still cry a mournful sob . ext . forest - later agu again wander the intermittent bush and wood . he find one rotten fruit hang from a tree . devour it . ext . forest creek - later a small babbling creek . agu drink water . the sound of animal in the forest suffocating . ext . forest village - dusk agu find a hunt lodge of some kind . it have not be inhabit for some time . he dig through what 's leave . find some grain of rice in the bottom of a basket . 26 . ext . forest village - night agu have the grain of rice in a old pot with water . but he can not start a fire . he throw the pot in frustration , then immediately regret it , run over to it to see if any of the rice be leave . he cry again , more out of fatigue and hunger than sadness , there be nothing else he know to eat . he try eat grass . ext . BUSH - morning agu , stomach in pain , vomit . ext . BUSH - day tire , hungry , thirsty , agu walk aimlessly . he see a boy , just a bit older than he , lithe and dark as coal , in tribal dress , a thin stem flower head dress on he crown . agu , stop , unsure if he be real . agu ( v.o. ) a forest spirit . the boy run away . agu follow . ext . crest of hill - day agu crest the hill and into the valley below . he look back , the boy be go . he run deeper down a path lead into the forest . ext . BUSH path - forest - continuous suddenly the forest animal go unusually quiet . agu stop . look around . the forest be dark and unwelcome . it loom over he , seem to grow taller in he mind . he bend down into the tall grass , watch the forest seem to move . frightened , agu lower himself further , listen , watch . 27 . silence . the forest seem to move from inside . he freeze , the hair tingling on the back of he neck , he mouth still wrench from cry . footstep . grass rustle . footstep louder . then , machine gun FIRE zip over he head . the thick grass cut and peck by bullet . men rush and pounce past he but he can not see they , he can only hear they desperation and equipment clanking . agu see two plf rebel crest the ridge line . pop pop , they drop . he turn to see where the shot come from just in time to see a SMALL boy -- machete in hand , a shorten rifle strapped to he back -- in mid-air jump at he . wham . the boy 's foot land with a thud on agu 's raise arm . agu scream , sure he have be kill , try crawl away . he turn and look . the boy whacks he with the broad side of the machete . agu scream and cry harder , curling like a beat dog . the boy hit he again and agu relent . he see a vision that make he sure he be dead . agu ( v.o. ) this be what death be feel like . out of the forest , a surreal spectacle : 50 native defense force ( ndf ) soldier --- not government or plf rebel --- emerge from the edge of the forest . they look like they be wear the costume of some tribal warrior ceremony . they head and body in elaborate grass wrap and crown , amulet hang from they body . one be stark naked except for length of belt - feed bullet chain wrap around he body and lead into he gpmg . they be all young , in they twenty , some boy in they teens and even young . agu , hypnotize by they colorful , yet vigilant and potent presence , be in awe , until another boot pin he to the ground . hand roughly turn he over . his shirt be yank over he head and use to tie he arm behind he back . he be shove again , yelled at , taunted , until ... 28 . voice make way ! someone be approach from behind they , the ndf Soldiers finish tie agu 's arm , then step back in respect and watch a man pass , follow by a entourage of 10 more ndf Soldiers : he aide , chief security officer , body guard , and controller guard ( a man who hold what equate to a Roman Eagle staff adorn in tribal motif ) as well as a contingent of he SMALL boy unit ( sbu ) . this man move slowly , like someone who can afford to take he time . his clothing tribal with a distinctive chief - like flare to it . there be no question , he be the boss , he be they commandant . commandant why be this thing here on the ground ? ( no one respond ) who be catch this thing ? the boy who attack agu salute commandant . the commandant address he ... commandant ( cont 'd ) strika . be it you who be find this thing ? strika nod he head proudly . agu avoid look at strika as he pass he again . commandant ( cont 'd ) enh ! strika ? untie he . ( to the other ndf Soldiers ) so all of you grow man here , and it be strika who be find a prisoner ? he kneel down next to agu as more man emerge from the bush , carry clothing and loot . commandant ( cont 'd ) ( address strika but studying agu ) where be you find he ? strika point to the ground . commandant ( cont 'd ) here ? be that right ... where be two - i-c ? two-i-c ! 29 . commandant look at fast kill and bone , two of he bodyguard . they yell as the human telephone course deeper into the bush . fast kill and bone two-i-c ! through the rustling grass , a thin man emerge with a small squad of men . his skin sweaty and yellow like tan leather . two - i- C commandant , sah ! the commandant motion for he to approach . commandant what be we to be do with this thing ? two - i- C this thing ? it be just a boy . commandant a boy . two-i-c be about to explain when commandant raise he finger to quiet he . now address he in front of the soldier . commandant ( cont 'd ) a boy be nothing ? a boy be harmless ? commandant look at the ndf small Boy unit Soldiers near he . they scream in unison ... ndf sbu harmless no , sah ! commandant do a boy not have eye to see ? ndf sbu two eye , sah ! commandant a boy have hand to strangle ! ndf sbu Soldiers laugh . commandant ( cont 'd ) and finger to pull a trigger . buah ! commandant simulate fire a gun towards the bush . 30 . commandant ( cont 'd ) a boy be not harmless . he look at the man . commandant ( cont 'd ) a boy be very dangerous . ( to strika ) strika , be you try to be eat this boy ? strika shake he head no , smile devilishly . commandant ( cont 'd ) I be look at you . you be not seem like soldier to I . show I you finger . agu raise he open hand . commandant ( cont 'd ) you hand be like baby hand . what be you do here ? why be you just lay by the ground like one dead rat ? two - i- C sah ? we need to be move - commandant I say wait . ( to agu ) you be from Alpha town ? agu nod , shyly . commandant ( cont 'd ) you should be tell I . two-i-c swear under he breath while look nervously at black smoke rise above the tree in the distance . commandant ( cont 'd ) just tell I and I will be help you . agu my father be tell I to run . run far far so the Army soldier be not catch I and kill I . and then , and then I be just hide in the bush and run run ... 31 . commandant and where be this you father ? agu can not form the word , but the think of it again anger and sadden he . commandant scratch he chin . commandant ( cont 'd ) Alpha town ? the army be kill you father ? agu nod , still look at the commandant 's pistol . the commandant lean down towards he . commandant ( cont 'd ) we have just come from Alpha town . it be burn to the ground . agu shake he head , he feel wave of emotion swell inside of he chest . commandant ( cont 'd ) be you hungry ? agu nod yes . he bite he lip , try to hold back tear . commandant ( cont 'd ) thirsty ? agu nod yes , again . commandant motion to strika , who immediately run off . commandant ( cont 'd ) if you be want drink , you will drink , but that be have to wait until you be tell I you name . be you hearing I ? agu nod , tear stream involuntarily . commandant ( cont 'd ) everybody be call I commandant . what be everybody always call you ? agu ( almost inaudibly ) agu . commandant say it like you be proud of it . agu agu . 32 . commandant agu , enh ? well , that be what I will be call you then . strika return with a bag of water . he give it to commandant , he toss it to agu . agu tear the corner of the water bag with he tooth and drain the water from the bag . two -I - C scoff . agu look back and forth between the two of they , he do not know what to say . commandant ( cont 'd ) leave this one with I . I will take this one under my charge , turn he into a warrior . be that what you want ? do you want to be fight the Army that be kill you father ? agu nod . two -i- C have have enough ... two - i- C formation ! commandant you should be say yes . agu yes . commandant say yes , sah . agu yes , sah . the commandant squint in approval , turn away and walk towards the front of he man . he nod to two-i-c . commandant move on ! the other ndf Soldiers follow suit . c/o rambo , a dark and muscular company commander with sharp eye and a red bandana ( like the real rambo ) , push agu into line and place several heavy band of ammunition over he shoulder . next in line be a dozen civilian who carry generator , jerry can , palm oil , water , rice bag and other loot goods for the ndf soldier . 33. agu ( v.o. ) mother , glory be to God in the highest . I be still live ... but I be soldier now . ext . jungle path - day commandant 's ndf Soldiers march through the jungle . agu struggle under the weight of he load but keep pace . everyone be deathly quiet , the sound of the jungle , the bird , the insect , buzz over the creak of tree under the heat . ext . jungle waterfall - day the ndf , in a long single file line , snake they way past several waterfall . ext . ndf jungle path - day nature be alive everywhere around they . they seem to move like they be invisible to all the animal in the jungle . agu concentrate on move he foot through the wet underbrush , wary of the animal that could bite he . a great shadow sweep over they . agu look up to see the blade of a helicopter , so large it seem to move in slow motion . he stare at it in hypnotic wonder . when he look down , he see that all the ndf Soldiers have dive for cover . rambo pull agu down into the underbrush . he be calm , but he whisper to agu ... rambo botu botu botu . he point to the helicopter in the sky , then slide he finger over he neck . agu look up at it again , he face gaunt with hunger . agu ( v.o. ) botu botu botu . 34 . ext . jungle hill - day at the front of the line , commandant raise he hand and everyone stop . a ndf scout step out from behind a tree . they salute each other . rambo tap agu 's shoulder . rambo Water . agu dump the ammunition and grab a plastic jug of water to distribute to the soldier . at the head of the line commandant pick up a thick baton - like stick from between the tall ribbone root of a giant buttress tree . he swing the baton into a ribbon and it boom like a bass drum , the entire trunk turn into a resonator . angle wide above the canopy of the jungle as the tree , which loom over the other tree , reverberate . the sound startles agu in the midst of pour a cup of water for a soldier , griot . the naked warrior , tripod , stomp past he . he look like a giant next to agu . commandant and everyone wait . boom boom - a distant retorting response . commandant signal he man to move forward . agu run back to pick up the band of ammunition as the troops now move ahead past commandant up the valley wall . ext . edge of ndf camp , FIRE post - day ndf soldier file past a entrench bunker that look out over the valley . a ndf picket fire in the air , announce and celebrate they return . ext . ndf jungle camp - day commandant , agu and the rest of the company exit the denser wood , revealing a extensive camp housing 400 ndf combatant . it be construct from a mixture of older thatch hut and lean-to , haphazardly disperse in a cover section of the jungle with a parade ground at its center . a open grass field lie just beyond where soldier play football . 35 . the ndf Soldiers greet they comrade who also fire into the air in celebration , as well as hand over loot and goods carry by the civilian to the chief supply officer . the rest of the soldier disperse into they place in camp . some continue converse with friend as they remove all they heavy equipment , some slouch into corner to relax and rest , other light joint and take other sundry drug . ext . ndf jungle camp - same commandant hand agu over to two-i-c for deployment . two -i-c , busy with the civilian porter , ignore agu until he be do . two - i- C ( to the civilian ) ...to protect life and property . if you be want to stay , then stay , but you must be initiate . all agree to stay . two -i- C look down at agu . commandant two-i-c . two - i- C yes , suh . commandant this baby boy be you responsibility now . train he . commandant salute and walk away with he detail . two - i- C yes , sah . ( yell to another ) c/o hope ! hope run up to two-i - C and salute he . hope yes , suh . two - i- C this baby boy be you responsibility now . train he . two -i- C point to agu and walk away . hope appraise agu dispassionately . 36 . ext . ndf jungle camp - dusk a cook , hold a dog and smoking a cigarette , dispense rice and sauce from the back of a hut to hope and he ndf small Boy unit Soldiers . other exchange carton of cigarettes for other extras , pepper and juicier cassava chunks and more rice . ten ndf sbu Soldiers , include the boy strika , hope , griot ( 17 ) , preacher ( 16 ) , justice ( 13 ) and chicken legs ( 15 ) collect they ration and sit around a fire to eat . agu be ignore . he have no bowl . agu , hungry , watch they with hawkish and ravenous eye . they use they finger , lick every last drop of food . preacher sing a song as he finish he bowl of food and let it drop . agu dive for it . he run to where the cook be disperse food but there be none leave . the dog , the cook 's pet , lick the rest . despondent , he use he hand to gather what little be leave in he own bowl , then drop to the level of the dog and compete for scrap . a ndf soldier , Chicken leg , chastise agu ... chicken legs enh ? what be you do ? agu I carry ammunition and water all day . chicken legs you think you be a soldier now ? he be kick back away from the pot by the cook hold he dog . ndf cook stealing from a dog ? agu which one of you be the dog ? the soldier chuckle as agu retreat . commandant , wear a hooded cap , call strika to he while hold out extra food , agu watch he go enviously . 37 . ext . ndf grassy field - day agu and 75 other ndf Soldiers be spread out , advance slowly in a crouch position . the civilian ( who be porter ) and agu use wooden weapon , the rest real rifle . c/o rambo in the battlefield , do not expect to be think normally . the only thing matter be the mission of the ndf . fight and kill anyone who destroy the peace . scarecrow effigy be line up on pike for target practice . agu ( v.o. ) mother , I be not know if I will ever be see you again . but two-i - C be say small small we be win this war , and then , God willing , I can be find you . commandant observe the new recruit as he relax with he head in he improvise refrigerator / air conditioning unit . agu ( v.o. ) they be call he ... preacher lean in towards agu . preacher the man who be drive the enemy to madness ... rambo reposition they . griot adjust agu 's stance , in reference to commandant ... griot he be treat death like lover . agu see commandant , surround by subordinate in a tent , talk in relaxed fashion in the heat . ext . ndf jungle camp - day agu listen as hope and the other sbu soldier clean they rifle . hope he be eat people . commandant I be not eat people , hope - 38 . hope , catch off guard , as commandant pass with two of he bodyguard . commandant ( cont 'd ) you can eat a man and take they power , it be true , but I taste they fear in the meat . I can take they juju just by look at they in the eye , so why must I eat they fear ? he make a chomping with he jaw towards hope , which make he jump . commandant laugh . as he leave he pat strika on the head . ext . ndf parade ground - day agu listen to commandant amongst the full battalion of ndf soldier . commandant Native Defense force ! ndf soldier strong , proud , and intelligent ! two - i- C how do the commandant look ?! ndf soldier alright ! commandant enjoy this moment with he man . ext . ndf jungle camp rock - day agu and seven new ndf soldier sit in a tight circle as two-i - C rattles off a complex breakdown of the war 's politics . two - i- C ... weaken by the plf 's outside pressure . the National reformation Council take advantage of this instability and militarily seize power to restore upc dominance . we ndf refuse to recognize this illegitimate government . 39 . ext . priest jungle camp - day agu , three adolescent , and nine civilian stand in a small open in the jungle , a thatched fence , some 20 meter in diameter , fend off the jungle . effigy and human skull adorn the entrance . in front of they be smoky fire boil medicinal pot and drying herb on a thatch platform place several foot over the fire . a chant chief priest lean in close to agu 's face . three initiator inscribe message from the Koran with black ink on wooden tablet . commandant ( o.s. ) the rain be come , gentlemen . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) - day commandant you be know what that be meaning . mosquito , sickness , muddy squalor . suffer if we be catch with we " soldier " hang out . the man laugh at the " penis " allusion , but they know the rain mean change . ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) - day two - i- C ... the junta will tell the international community that we ndf be the reason this war continue . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) commandant you , hope , and you , rambo , you be not from the same tribe as he . ( he point towards hope ) but you be brother before you enemy . hope , rambo and the troops hum in agreement . commandant ( cont 'd ) what drive we to this larger family of stranger ? fear ? 40 . hope no , sah . commandant War ? rambo yes , sah ! ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) - day agu be perplex by two -I - C 's explanation , the politics be beyond he understandings of the world . two - i- C the plf could join the NRC , it would legitimize they cause , make we the sole enemy , and give they freedom to roam formerly government control area of the nation in police action . if this be ... ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) - day agu be sweep away with commandant , the spectacle , the reaction from the other soldier he enjoy . commandant we have defend ourselves against criminal raping and killing of we own people , first by the plf , and now by the NRC government . the man grow dark with this think . commandant seize this sadness . commandant ( cont 'd ) but this have awaken a sleep beast , gentlemen . it have put the weapon of this war in the hand of you , the young , and therefore , the powerful . he point to agu , who raise he head . commandant ( cont 'd ) all of you , who be never listen to before , who have see you love one gun down , you have something that speak for you now . 41 . the man raise they rifle , growl a low pitch battle chant . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day agu and the initiate sit on the raise platform engulf in smoke . two - i-c ( o.s. ) the new regime need to control the trade in resource for the international community to waste time recognize they . one of the initiator lay a variety of leave on the fire below they as the scribe wash the wooden tablet into a large enamel bowl . ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) - day two - i- C you see , the colonist have never leave Africa . we very own politician will steal we resource and give they away for penny in exchange for private payoff ... but ... ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) - day commandant they be lick they wound . they be feel we sting . we , along with we other brother fight further south under dada goodblood , we command and control what the NRC need . ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) two - i- C the grass people in the South East control the lumber and gold , the clay and charcoal people in the South West , diamond and rare metal , and the coastal people , petroleum and fishery . this be the reason the NRC be try so hard to be call themselves a " reformation council . " 42 . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) commandant reformation of what ? money . Old man and money . ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) two - i- C they have spit on the constitution . they have spit on you rights . they have try to spit on you future . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) commandant War have spoiled they mind , gentlemen . so they could have " they turn to eat . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day agu and the initiate be laid down in the open shallow grave . the initiator take the gray water from the enamel bowl and place the liquid into small bottle . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) commandant War be a disease . it sicken and infect . he lean down in front of a particularly fierce look soldier . commandant ( cont 'd ) you want to be a " big man " , or a " small boy " ? the man laugh nervously . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - night agu lay in the grave in a haze of smoke and fire . 43. two - i-c ( o.s. ) that be why we must not forget that we be the protector of the people ! ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) two - i- C the richness of we nation be for the young . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) commandant when there be a infection in you foot . a deadly deathly sickness in you limb that 's go to kill you slow slow , what do you do ? the man do not know . one in the back yell out " you go to the doctor ! " generate a chuckle amongst other man . commandant ( cont 'd ) so maybe they should be call we the doctor army and not the hunter army ? we have to be cut off that leg to save the body . that be how you prevent the NRC / plf infection from spread . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day goat and chicken sacrifice be make and stone be bury by the initiator . the Chief Priest pull agu out of the grave . chief priest ( in mende ) you must die before you be reborn . ext . ndf jungle camp rock ( intercut ) two - i- C tomorrow we mobilize for major action , unite all of we brother warrior under Supreme Commander dada goodblood , and with God 's bless , end this plague , end this war , end we oppression ! 44 . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day agu be force to run a gauntlet through a line of ndf men with stick , branch , and club . he be hit hard and without mercy , landing on the other end with he arm batter . one of the initiate fall from a blow to the head and agu watch in horror as he be quickly dispatch . ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) the man , arouse and grow in fury , grow louder as he speech culminate . commandant Young man ! gentlemen ! we will not wait to inherit it , we will not wait for they to just give it to we , we will take it , we will seize it from they rotting and decaye old hand . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day agu look at the char remain of the man who they dispatch on the smoking platform . commandant ( o.s. ) Victory ! ext . ndf parade ground ( intercut ) - day agu and the ndf Soldiers yell even louder , some firing into the air in celebration . agu and troops Victory ! agu raise he fist in the air , sweep by the energy and fire of commandant 's speech . ext . priest jungle camp ( intercut ) - day the chief priest gather the char piece into a bowl and create a paste from it . he perform a last ceremony with the cleanse initiate , slice agu 's tricep , calve , back of he neck . he rub the charcoal paste and medicinal herb into the cut . then place amulet ( bracelet , necklace with the small bottle of ink , et al ) on that cut . 45 . the initiate be line up . commandant step forward with he body guard , they pump they shotguns and fire into the initiate . they flinch but the bullet do not touch they . the Chief Priest bless they one last time . in each of they mouth he place a ball of mashed rice ( like mochi ) . agu , voraciously eat , hear the Chief Priest . chief priest eat the enemy if you bring he down . become brave , he heart become you medicine . commandant the spirit have bless you and cleanse you . to the enemy , you be invincible . but there be rule you must follow to keep the spirit happy , to remain pure . chief priest no sex with woman . no touch woman . no talk to woman . stay pure . no looting . no touch dead body . no ... ext . ndf jungle camp - day agu gather supplies from the structure of the camp , commandant stand over he . commandant agu , you be a soldier now . the only way be forward . do not be leave any nice thing for the NRC or the plf to be use if they be come to this place . griot and preacher poor kerosene as well over other building as we pan and see the entire battalion be lighting up they camp . chicken legs advance in the rainy season ? griot everyone will be on zero- zero- one now . hope shake he head and grumble to himself . 46 . agu what be zero-zero-one ? preacher it be meaning you , I , we all be hungry . griot it mean no breakfast , no lunch , only dinner . if you be want to eat when it be not dinner , then you be have to keep you dinner from before to be eat the next day . hope or if we raid or find farm , then we can be eat what we find . cow , chicken , baby ... woman . the FIRE roar to the sky , as they structure and shelter catch fire , the soldier start to file out of they camp . cook hand one baseball size ball of garri to each soldier , include agu , who smell it then quickly stow it in he rice bag backpack . ext . jungle path - later ndf Soldiers disinter weapon and ammunition cache wrap in plastic , store from many week previous . commandant ( o.s. ) you be know this tree ? agu stick with preacher , follow he where ever he go . agu ( o.s. ) it be iroko . this other tree I be not know , but I be call they child of the forest because they be smaller than the rest . the ndf decorate themselves with grass and leave . commandant ( o.s. ) when this tree be small , it be look so so like a cassava plant , except that it have thorns . 47 . ext . jungle creek - day commandant and agu stand under a tall tree , commandant seem genuinely overwhelm and inspire by the scale of nature . commandant it be even have a root like a cassava , but if you eat it , it will kill you with its poison . agu have not learn that before . commandant ( cont 'd ) that be why you must be know how to use you thorns . you kill before you be kill . agu nod , watch the wind sway the top of the tree . commandant ( cont 'd ) you will see the enemy be have small boy soldier , too , who can kill before they can even speak . agu turn back to the commandant . commandant ( cont 'd ) I have see they do thing that be even make the Devil fall to he knee to beg for mercy . agu nod , think he understand the analogy . commandant ( cont 'd ) have you kill a man before ? agu shake he head . commandant ( cont 'd ) you will . today . agu yes , sah . agu salute . realization delay . commandant nod , pleased . aide ( o.c . ) commandant . commandant go to he aide hold out a radio . behind , he entourage have laid a map on the ground to study . 48 . commandant ( to agu ) you will destroy anything that threaten we . as I would anything that threaten you , understand ? agu nod anxiously , he pride boost . commandant pick up he vhf Radio . commandant ( cont 'd ) ( to he radio ) two -i-c , report . then , queasily , he see hope and Chicken leg watch he . hope do not worry , kill be easy . chicken legs besides , you already eat a man . agu what do you mean ? chicken legs what do you think be that ball of garri , the one you be eat in initiation ? agu , disgust , notice strika . his rifle dangle in he arm . he watch agu blankly , agu look away . feeling strika 's eye still on he , agu look back , and strika be right next to he . he hold up a fruit forage from the jungle . he break off a piece , a offer , and share it with a grateful but nervous agu . Chicken leg pantomime eat and touch a satiate belly . ext . edge of jungle , national highway - day the ndf Soldiers tear through the jungle towards its light edge . they hop scotch position , some kneel and cover while other move forward and spread out with speed . the choreography dazzle agu , turn around to watch , preacher grab he collar and reorient he to follow . commandant motion with he hand , vhf radio in the other , down the command chain , C / o's , and platoon commander each silently communicate hand order . 49 . agu run with he small Boy unit past commandant 's position . hope ( v.o. ) in a ambush you do not make a sound . you get injure , you do not make a sound . you see a snake , you do not make a sound . you get bitten by a snake , you do not make a sound . you shut up ! you take it ! the sbu spill out onto the road with limited commotion . agu look back to where they just come from , see nothing but green and a stretch of road 300 meter . ext . ambush left flank - day agu watch the boy of he unit sniff a brown crystal powder ( brown-brown ) while wait in a ditch of foliage on the other side of the road from the main ambush force . strika chew on a long root , agu whisper to he ... agu they be call you strika ? strika nod , put he finger up to he lip to communicate " silence " . agu ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) be you like war ? yes , with a nod . agu ( cont 'd ) be you like kill ? indifferent , with a shake . agu ( cont 'd ) be it easy to be do ? yes . agu ( cont 'd ) be you fear death ? no , with a shake . agu ( cont 'd ) ( whispering lower ) be you have parent ? 50 . no . agu ( cont 'd ) I be still have mother . somewhere . strika continue to chew on the root . agu ( cont 'd ) what be that you be chew on ? strika rub he belly as if to say it will make it feel better . he share it with agu , who put it in he mouth . agu ( cont 'd ) be you like commandant ? yes . agu ( cont 'd ) be you stupid ? strika look at agu like he could punch he . he snatch he root back . agu ( cont 'd ) why be you not talk , then ? griot hand the two boy a plastic container . griot ( whispering ) morale booster . agu smell it . nauseat . Chicken leg stifles a laugh . hope ( whispering ) it be good juju , make you stronger and brave . agu sniff , then as it drip down he throat , try to spit out the rest . agu ( whispering ) it be taste like lick rock . ( smack he tongue ) and eat pencil . hope listen to he vhf Radio , turn to the rest ... hope shhh . they be come . 51 . agu notice all of the boy be lowering themselves even further into the bush . preacher post behind a giant , red-dust - cover leaf , hiss at agu , cover in ammunition belt , to scoot down with he . agu notice the sudden stillness of everything , the only movement a swarm of mosquito descend upon they , he try to beat they away . then he feel breathe on he neck and turn slowly to see it be strika . strika motion , signal he to focus down the road . the air waft in translucent tendril over the pavement . then he see it , round a bend , the dust cloud of a convoy of truck and light armore vehicle roll in they direction . agu ( v.o. ) I be almost laugh and almost die , even though I be not feel like laugh . Inside my stomach and heart it be feel like fire from a pepper . I be only think about what be go to be happen . Three truck become four truck , then five . large caliber machine gun be mount on some of they , as well as government troops who look out into the green margin of the road with distrust . the ground shake as they roll over agu 's position . the wheel nearly as tall as agu would be stand next to they . everyone wait in anticipation , bite lip and focus as the last truck pass agu . angle from Pov of first government truck a squad of sbu - ndf soldier scurry across the road like a flee deer . only one stay behind , chicken legs , stop , turn , revealing , a rpg . the plf driver , realize , slam on the break . grind the transmission into a lower gear , then neutral , fight to get it into reverse when . zwooof -- the rpg slam into he cabin . boom . the first truck 's engine compartment shatter in a hail storm of shrapnel , fire and smoke into the cabin . hope signal aggressively . the sbu rush onto the road drag spike strip , rpgs and gpmg . they ensure no retreat . 52 . for a second , nothing happen . agu close he ear , expect more gun fire , then . the government troops hold they rifle into the air . one man in the convoy yell out ... army corporal please do not shoot we ! agu grip he machete harder . sweat bead all over he face . he look around petrify , confuse , excited . commandant ( o.s. ) on the floor ! agu see seventy ndf soldier emerge from the jungle , announcing they presence with a echoing bark . a impressive show of scale of force . preacher agu , where be the fuck ammunition ? agu remember he forget the extra ammunition . he scramble back down into the ditch as ... kpwap ! agu flinch and duck . someone in the bush spray the truck , bullet ricochet off of the metal door of the middle truck , a windshield be shattered . then all the ndf soldier open fire . it be a quick and effective slaughter . agu hold he ear . it all happen so quickly he do not see the full carnage , but when he get up , the truck be chew up and the man inside be dead . commandant ( o.s. ) disarm and disrobe they ! rambo repeat the call , move forward with another sbu squad . some of the government Soldiers be cry , as rambo 's man kick away the weapon and yank off they clothes . commandant , he entourage , and controller , emerge from the bush with gun aim and ready . he be proud of the catch . upon see he , ndf squad move up the road to secure the front and down the road to secure they tail . the sbu move to join the CENTER . agu walk past a few truck and stripped soldier with neck strain towards death . 53. hope grab griot and preacher , jump into the back of a truck and look around , throw useless item over the side . commandant and he entourage look for a healthy man and be disappointed by all the dead man . finally , they find one , the corporal , alive . commandant 's body Guards drag he to agu . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu , come here , enh . come here right now . come here . this be the dog who kill you father . agu look disdainfully at the man quivering on the ground beneath commandant , blabber incomprehensibly , shaking he head at agu . agu 's nerve fire off . out of the corner of he eye , one government soldier run for the bush . he be nearly naked , he body glisten with he comrade ' blood . no one seem to mind . then , muzzle flash out of the bush at the end of the road . kwap , kwap -kwap . flesh explode from the man 's thigh and scatter to the ground . he fall without scream . we attention return to the man hold in front of agu . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu , you will kill this man . the corporal moan dreadfully , pissing himself as he cry . the pool of urine from he and from commandant be all around he flip -flops , mixing with blood . army corporal please , sah . I be a engineering student from the university in the capital . I be suppose to be fix bridge , not be a soldier . tear and snot run down he face . army corporal ( cont 'd ) please do not be kill I . just be make I you prisoner . please , I can be help you . hope sah ! 54 . hope jump into the second truck with a fist full of map . griot follow he hold a box and offer it to commandant . commandant open it . commandant and he entourage step back a little bit , just in case it 's booby - trap . griot what be it ? griot hold up a surveying scope . he offer it to commandant who turn it around when he aide interrupt and hand commandant he rifle . commandant no , no , this will not do . aide a pistol ? chief security officer ( cso ) that be too easy . two - i- C why not the cutlass ? cso do he have the strength ? they look at agu , who look back , lose . they discuss amongst themselves , then point at he machete . commandant rambo , seize he , hold he ass to the ground . commandant unzip he pants and urinate on he . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu . see this thirsty goat . this be the tyrant who murder you father . ( back to the corporal ) now look at he . agu grip he machete harder . pop . pop - pop the ndf Soldiers shoot NRC survivor . 55 . commandant ( cont 'd ) remember what they have take from you . remember you suffer and turn it into hate for they . ndf Soldiers , have finish off the survivor , collect supplies and check the function of the engine of the vehicle . they start to transfer supplies onto the lighter vehicle . commandant ( cont 'd ) ( in agu 's ear ) God and the spirit of you Father be want you to kill he . commandant grab agu 's hand , the one hold the machete and squeeze he own hand around agu 's . commandant ( cont 'd ) like this . just bring this hand up and knock he well well . he take agu 's hand and raise it high . agu stare into the petrify man 's eye . he look at he foot , urine and blood splatter on they . commandant ( cont 'd ) use all of you force , imagine the blade sink deep into he like chopping a coconut . agu 's face grimace , as he gather all he strength , he slam fiercely into the corporal 's head . the blade split the skin on the man 's forehead and gashes he skull . the man scream a unbearable , screeching , grate sound . commandant ( cont 'd ) yes ! that be how you be deal with the NRC . do it again ! and again and again until he shut up . the ndf Soldiers hold the corporal up , goad agu on . agu bring the machete up , swing it hard . kwomp ! the man 's scream as sound grow dim . agu chop again . the thud vibrate up he arm , droplet of blood suspend in the air and sparkle . anger , memory of he father and he brother , gun down in the street fueling anger he do not know he could muster start swinging harder . 56 . strika walk over with he rifle and help agu . together , they stomp and cut with increase furry and vigor until the man 's face become unrecognizable . agu , suddenly feel sick , rush to the grass to vomit . commandant pull he up . commandant ( cont 'd ) watch he blood , agu . that be justice . that be what God want . agu look up at commandant , then at strika . common understanding , mutual blame , between they . agu wipe the blood from he face , the ndf Soldiers celebrate , fire into the air , sing and dance around the dead government soldier . it be a great victory . agu ( v.o. ) mother , I have kill a man . a mosquito drown in blood . no one notice this but agu . agu ( v.o. ) it be the bad sin and I be feel like I be die inside , like each breath can be my last and my heart will stop its beat . but I be know , too , it be the right thing to be do . ext . national highway - dusk ndf soldier sing a rhythmic song while organize the loot clothing and weapon . several be already dress in the new clothes take from the government Soldiers . agu and strika dig through one of the vehicle look for any contraband . agu find cigarettes under a seat and show they to strika . two civilian truck arrive from down the road load with squad of commandant 's ndf forward strike troops . mechanic fix the engine of the lighter convoy vehicle . supplies be finish load . platoon and company be - organize . Machine gun and anti-aircraft gun be mount on the truck , turn they into improvise attack truck : a.k.a. , technical . 57 . two -i- C hand commandant one of the government soldier 's nicer fn-fal rifle . commandant check the chamber , look down the barrel from the breech , replace the load clip into it , turn towards agu and give it to he . two -i- C be surprised . commandant always keep it with you . two - i- C if you be lose it , then I will be lose you . commandant wink at he to affirm they pact . strika approach with some capture Army accoutrement in hand . commandant you be my special Guards now . ( to strika ) both of you . strika stand at attention and salute affirmation , as do agu , mimick strika . commandant ( cont 'd ) ( to he cso ) cso . take note and act accordingly . cso suh . commandant agu and strika be now my special Guards . cso , not know what that actually mean , just agree . cso yes , suh . special Guards . agu sit down with he rifle , look at it proudly . agu ( v.o. ) always be keep it . if you be lose it , then they will be lose you . strika toss agu a pair of green army pants and a ammunition vest . agu hold they up . Far too large but he try they on anyway , use a piece of hemp as a belt . he look up to thank strika but he be already chase after commandant . 58 . ext . savannah - morning the ndf convoy cut through the roll countryside , past burnt frame of vehicle . agu ride with strika in the back of commandant 's truck . ext . savannah - morning ndf sbu Soldiers spread out in the bush , scavenge for food . agu and strika play , a rare glimpse of childish fun for they . hope and griot chop through the plant when suddenly a BUSH rat dash out of its hide spot . excite , they swing they rifle around and OPEN FIRE , kill it and nearly kill each other . agu and the other sbu run to see what they shot when the horn of the controller sound off , like the whistle of a tea kettle , herald the distant thumping of a helicopter . commandant gentlemen ! cover ! cover ! agu look at strika . two - i- C cover ! agu botu , botu , botu . vehicle be quickly cover with natural camouflage and netting . angle wide : the ndf battalion kneel , disappear into the bush . agu , in the taller grass with strika , justice , Chicken leg , hope , griot , and preacher , watch the sky through the blade apprehensively . the sound , its proximity unclear , suddenly near . it circle , its thumping dangerously near . agu can see the rocket launcher on its miniature wing . agu and strika lay on the ground , stare into the face of the dead rat . it seem like at any second they could all be destroy , then just as suddenly , the sound of the helicopter fade and be go . safe , they breath in relief . 59 . ext . savannah train depot , camp FIRE - night the small boy unit laugh quietly . commandant sit with they at the fire . commandant ...ooh , and they be have so many food to be eat ... agu salivate , he be as hungry as that listen ... commandant ( cont 'd ) ... chicken , and cow , and goat , and vegetable , and fruit , any kind of fish you be want because the fisherman be always bring everything from the sea . there be nothing they be not have in this place ... the fire twinkle in all the ndf soldier 's eye . commandant ( cont 'd ) the best thing this town , this town of abundant resource , be all the women . the man smile to themselves . commandant ( cont 'd ) ah , woman in this place be just too beautiful . if you just see woman here , before you be even know it , you soldier be stand at full `tenshun . they be have breast so soft and so round that they clothes be rejoice to be hold they . and they be have bottom with specs so nice that anytime they be sit down , the ground be also rejoice . they be know well well how to make a man feel good with they kissing and loving , kai ! the last time I be in this place , enh , my soldier be hurt too much for I to even be ease myself . more laughter . commandant ( cont 'd ) you all will see , because that be where we be go , gentleman . you will see it all with you own eye . 60 . the men' eye glaze over deliriously stare into the fire . then a SOUND cause they all to turn , weapon up in defense . two - i- C commandant , sir ! 12 civilian refugees stare in bewilderment at they encampment , follow by two ndf picket who salute commandant . commandant who be this ? two - i- C refugees , sir . they say the plf and the NRC take they village three day ago . they kill most , but let this one go . commandant stew on the intel . the sbu watch he , wait for he to make a decision -- will it be battle ? commandant well , let we be give they village back , huh ? ext . empty lot , burnt village - day angle wide over a burnt out village . civilian truck and car smolder . a battle be raging . from across town we see that the plf defend a hill that the ndf be advance on . commandant watch the progress through he surveyor scope . the ndf be hold at bay by a rpg attack . they respond with fierce fire . move in open against bullet . commandant 's main entourage all kneel behind he in the lot . three squad in defensive position beyond they . agu and the rest of the sbu stand near a unfinish wall . the sound of the occasional pass bullet shock no one . hope ( whisper to agu ) see what the plf do to you ? hope point to a line of dead civilian . they hand chop off on a rock next to they . a woman and a child lay on the street , as if they laid down where they stand to take a nap and never get up . the woman 's head unnaturally propped up against the wall stare permanently at she twisted foot . a bullet zip past and ricochet off the wall next to agu . 61 . agu look around . he notice the smashed bullet at he foot . just as he bend over to pick it up , where he head would have be , a bullet smashes into the wall . no one seem interested . commandant ( into he radio ) two-i-c ? two - i-c ( o.s. ) Roger . commandant report . two - i- C we be face heavy fire , suh . commandant can you take the bridge ? two - i- C I do not know , suh . commandant explain . two - i- C it 's very difficult , suh . we man be fight bravely but - commandant but nothing . take the bridge , that be you task . commandant motion for the mortar man to set up a mortar to help the hill advance . ext . road to bridge , burnt village - same two-i- C and he forward operation team be hunkere down behind a building face a plf stronghold -- two machine gun nest with sand bag in front of the heavily defend bridge which look like a former check point . two - i- C we need support , suh . the men' spirt be low , suh . behind two-i- C there be general chaos . the man be not advance and many be retreate . justice be yell at the man around he to help he carry a injure rambo to safety , but no one will help he . 62 . he be drive to tear in the chaos , spin in circle try to get a grow - up to help he as rambo bleed out on the street . commandant ( o.s. ) sustain . ext . burnt village , central intersection - day commandant let he radio hang around he neck , watch the hill battle progress again . commandant agu , strika , come here . look at this . agu and strika obey . commandant hold the scope up for they . commandant ( cont 'd ) this be a very special device , you can be see the enemy with it , even when they be hide . agu , through the scope , see the forward strike ndf soldier unload and disperse . commandant ( cont 'd ) you see ? he motion for the mortar to fire . agu look through it while the first blast force the plf to scurry . strika , impatient for he try , pace . commandant ( cont 'd ) it 's magic . ( to the man ) I need volunteer ! who have heart ? who want to fight with I ? who be not afraid of bullet !? the man roar back in affirmation . commandant move amongst the man , place he hand on they chest , feel they heart . when it 's strika 's turn to look , commandant interrupt he try by ask he if he have heart for battle . conflict between want to try out the scope and the call for battle , he affirm he be ready to fight while the " toy " be put away by the aide . 63. commandant select man and boy to go with he , that who be not select be push aside and kneel down in shame and disappointment . amongst the select be agu , strika , hope , Chicken leg , and griot . a aa technical rush back around the market towards the intersection under a hailstorm of bullet and cloud of smoke , preacher be in the back fire back with randy and a couple other sbu 's . the technical screech into position at the top of the intersection lead to the bridge . commandant ( cont 'd ) Chicken leg , go ! Chicken leg run to the intersection with griot in support , to fire a rpg down on the bridge . the selected team , about 20 men and sbus , advance towards the bridge . ext . road to bridge , burnt village - moment later commandant chant a war chant , " no retreat , no surrender , man drop , man move " . the man respond to the chant , all of they , a battle cry that rouse . they keep huffing into the chant as commandant address they ... commandant this bullet ? the whistle of bullet increase and , where most rational man would duck , have no affect on commandant . commandant ( cont 'd ) they be nothing . no one can touch we ! the commandant pull a chant agu up near he and use he as a example . commandant ( cont 'd ) be you afraid ? agu shake he head , even if inside he be afraid . commandant , along with tripod and the Controller . commandant ( cont 'd ) moove it ! gentlemen ! moooooove it ! 64 . the ndf soldier yell again . a nerve tingling battle cry . commandant ( cont 'd ) no retreat ! no surrender ! Men drop ! Men move ! the bullet whistle by angrily . then , a tidal wave of wind and fire be laid down on they , tear up a building 's wall and wooden kiosk around they . the man do not flinch , they believe they cannot be hit , although some men do go down , the majority continue the advance . agu be astonished , but because everyone else keep move , so do he . to he leave , commandant smile at he , loving the adrenaline of battle . tripod prancing in front of they . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu , let I be see you aim , hit that man . agu aim at a plf run across the road . pull the trigger . nothing . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu , it be on safety , what be two - i- C teach you ? agu to always be leave it off . commandant off . how will you be fire quickly if it be in safety ? enh ? listen . commandant take the rifle , look for a clean shot at plf fighter . kwap -kwap . a man go down . he look back at agu . commandant ( cont 'd ) like that . agu , safety off , fire . it nearly knock he off balance . he look at strika and commandant for approval , but they attention be on the plf , who seem to be move in from all direction now . agu , strika , griot , hope , Chicken leg and preacher all yell at the top of they lung as they go forward towards the rebel position , increase in speed , bravado , fearlessness and ferocity . as the plf rebel near the bridge , a hide ndf company ambush they , on they heel , they rush back to the intersection . 65 . angle from the plf rebel . see the two company commandant send around the side spilling out onto the road on either side of town . they too storm the plf position recklessly . the plf , see they be surround , drop they weapon and run for the edge of town . the ndf advance turn into a sprint . the bravado work , as they drop more retreate rebel . body , weapon , and ammunition scatter the ground . agu look for commandant and strika , he nervous system on fire . ext . edge of burnt village - day agu and the sbu patrol the edge of the town and jungle , pick up drop supplies and loot from dead rebel . commandant stand over the body of seven dead ndf soldier , amongst they , rambo . commandant look like he feel great remorse . preacher , bandage but alive , say a prayer . one live rebel in underwear , arm tie behind he back , be be prodd by Chicken leg and begging for he life . Chicken leg shoot he in the hip . he fall , twitching . Chicken leg enjoy he catch and take he time finish he off . agu notice that some of the rpg 's be make of wood , as if they be theatrical prop , he kick one . solid and dense . boom . Chicken leg shoot the plf prisoner again . he turn over , he life slowly drain from he . agu see another body lay face down and quickly start search he pocket . he take the bandolier , smell the water bottle , look in he pack , brown - brown in a foil envelope , battery , and a small ball of cloth tie up with string . he unravel it . Inside he find gold nugget . he look at they curiously , unsure what they be , put one in he mouth , bite it . boom . preacher finish off the naked prisoner . his brain splatter on the pavement . no one seem to take note , by now a common practice . 66 . ext . / int . commandant burnt village hq - night agu call strika and show he the gold . strika look at it warily , as if agu should not have it . agu what ? strika shake he head and motion to follow he . agu sigh as he oblige . they salute and pass commandant 's body guard and enter a abandon post office . strika leave agu behind at the doorway of commandant 's room , motion for he to go in . int . commandant hq - same agu listen as commandant speak via radio to supreme commander dada goodblood on the other end . it 's a close conversation . Strategy . something mention about a intersection of highway . cut off to the Capital . and commandant be promote , soon , to General . his silhouette pace around in the lantern light . Maps be laid out on the floor . he kneel down , study they . agu cough , to call attention to himself . commandant ( still study the map ) sit. he point to he cot across the room . agu enter , careful not to step on any of the map spread out on the ground . agu place the wad with the gold nugget on commandant 's table , then obediently wait next to the cot , watch commandant study the map . commandant stop , notice the wad , curious , open it , drop its content in he hand . he look up at agu , impressed . commandant ( cont 'd ) you fight bravely today , agu . agu thank you , sah . commandant you see what happen when the man listen to I ? 67 . agu yes , sah . commandant lay out a line of brown -brown . he snort it and beckon agu to do the same . agu , have see other do this , know how , but have never experience it . he sniff eagerly . the Brown -brown go straight to he head . commandant you be want to know how to be lead ? agu no , sah . I be happy to be follow you , sah . his nose tingles . commandant that be good , agu , because there be no learn to be lead . some man be bear to lead , other be bear to follow , and other be only wait to be die . agu I be follow you , sah . commandant no , agu . you be different . you be remind I of I when I be a little boy , and this mean you be born to be leader . but even the best leader agu , must first be learn to be good follower . sometimes I even have to be follow the Supreme Commander , if when I be not agree . agu yes , sah . I be a good follower , sah . commandant point at the map . line of two highway intersect near the bottom center . he point at it . commandant you be see this place . Supreme Commander be say this be important . so it be important for I then . agu nod . 68 . commandant ( cont 'd ) if we get this place , then we can go to taro . be that where you mother be ? agu I be think she be in the Capital , sah . commandant after goodblood greet we , we all will be go to the Capital , that be a certainty . agu nod . it be hard for he to think of she without feel emotion , and he do not want to show commandant this childish emotion . commandant ( cont 'd ) I be want to be help you more than the other , agu . preacher sing somewhere in the encampment . commandant ( cont 'd ) but do not be tell anyone I be help you like this , this will be we secret . can you be keep this secret , agu ? agu ( pleased ) yes , sah . and with commandant 's attention , he be able to forget , for this instance , he mother again . commandant then be say it . agu I can be keep this secret , sah . commandant in this family where I be be father , we cannot have the other child get jealous , agu ! he rub agu 's head , roughly . commandant ( cont 'd ) kneel down in front of I . you do I this thing . 69 . agu , respectfully , kneel down in front of commandant as he blow out the lantern light . it be near darkness except for the campfire outside . commandant ( cont 'd ) I be not punish you , agu . I be help you , to care for you . he touch agu on he shoulder , then he hand drift down agu 's arm to he hand . commandant ( cont 'd ) this be what commanding officer be suppose to be do to he best boy soldier . play with he , cherish he , protect he , enh ? he bring agu 's hand down towards he own genitals . agu be too afraid to move . commandant move agu 's head towards he crotch . commandant ( cont 'd ) touch my soldier , agu , with you mouth . this be a command . you take a oath to obey , and now obey . agu 's move to do as he be tell . we tilt away and up to commandant , lean back and mentally depart . ext . edge of burnt village - night agu 's face appear out of the darkness , illuminate by the lantern light . his face show excruciate pain . everyone be already asleep , so he try to walk quietly , but it be too painful . he whimper . strika have be wait for he . agu collapse into strika , cry . strika hold he . they lay amongst all the other ndf Soldiers , who be already sleep . agu ( v.o. ) strika . he be my only friend , mother . his eye be too red , he tooth be too brown , he head be too too big , but he be my friend even if he be look too ugly . strika throw he arm around agu , protect he . 70 . ext . national highway junction - day the convoy have stop in the middle of the country side . everybody be prepping themselves for battle . the ndf Soldiers smoke they joint lace with powder , other sniff brown -brown , while load up ammunition and prepping for combat . commandant ( o.s. ) no one in the land we be go be you friend . they be the farmer who feed you enemy . hope see agu hobbling in pain . look at he , assess if he be fit for battle or not . he take a knife and cut a slice along agu 's temple . agu wince in even more pain as hope smear brown - brown into its bloody abyss . commandant ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the farmer ' wife whose breast feed baby who will grow to join the enemy rank , whose womb breed more of they . commandant turn towards he , smile . agu , contrary to what he would think , feel special under commandant 's gaze . ext . national highway juntion - later the man be kneele around commandant . agu can not make eye contact with he . commandant this be the nature of the place we be go . the homeland of the collaborator and traitor . we people 's blood have flow for year . now must they blood flow , too . let we pray to the spirit and God . the man circle around commandant , chant a prayer . commandant ( cont 'd ) God , be guide we in everything we be about to be do . give we the strength to fulfill you justice . the man start dancing around commandant and singing a gruff , guttural war chant . as they be move out , a convoy of white " UN " vehicle speed by down the highway . 71 . agu look curiously at one of the passengers , a white woman . time slow down so he can see she face stare back from behind the glass window of the hermetically seal air - condition van . the woman lock eye with he , but instead of sympathy agu see fear in she face . this immediately anger he even if he do not know why he be feel angry . at the same time , a photographer in the back seat snap photograph of he and the other ndf soldier . the ndf soldier yell at the convoy and point they rifle into the air , taunting . as it pass , it speed up , leave they in a cloud of red dust . ext . valley above rural village - day it be denser jungle here . agu , affect by the drug , be adjust to the high as ndf soldier spread out and prepare for they attack . ext . river next to rural village - day they cross a swift move stream some thirty foot wide . agu see he fellow ndf Soldiers as men dressed in traditional monster costume of a variety of west african tribe , as if they be effigies of forest demon and wild animal . agu ( v.o. ) my gun be make mark on my hand . I be servant to be do whatever it say . the sky 's blue seem to subtly desaturate , the green glow reddish - pink like bloody plasma . ext . back of rural village - day agu seem to float as we track back with he towards the village . 40 ndf Soldiers with commandant and preacher clear the jungle and silently spread through farming plot at the back of the village . villager run . agu hear the scream ... he eye alight . the ndf Soldiers OPEN FIRE , charge as they fan out further . 72 . ext . rural village - day agu pass the village mosque in drunken reverence . brass chord echo out from the void of normal sound over the village . agu ( v.o. ) God , help I to be do the thing I be suppose to be do . from the tremble ground , laughter , sneer , and voice coil around he ... voice whisper Devil be bless you . Devil bless what you do . agu 's neck be lax , from the drug , he turn a corner and see a odd site . a painting of a white santa claus . ndf Soldiers behind agu drop grenade into house . woman scream , then be silence by the explosion preacher push past he , organize griot , agu , and three other ndf Soldiers ... preacher this way ... agu break he stare at Santa to follow preacher ext . rural village STREET - day we lead agu and strika as they fire at target around they , run faster , and faster and faster ... ext . town road ( moving ) - day agu ride atop a aa technical head down the main street of a populate town with car engulf in black smoke and a radio tower in the distance , also smoking . the technical stop take fire as agu point towards the radio tower , yelling . he duck under a fall light pole and be suddenly engulf in pour water . he look around and be in the middle of ... 73. ext . salt flat - day agu kneel down look for ammunition , drug , he find a foil fill with cocaine . a shallow river where government Soldiers be shot down in retreat behind agu . the husk of a helicopter half submerge on the river 's edge . agu look up at the sun ... int . stairwell - night the sun become the dirty glass light shade of a ceiling light . two lizard face off inside of it . agu 's head tilt up , powder around he nose , he look around , unsure how he get there . strika beckon he to follow into ext . jah kingdom - like den - night lit only by candle light , agu 's boy unit and other soldier do more drug , a dead plf soldier be propped up between hope and griot , they place a joint in its mouth . agu walk through another room where money and loot be be count , the men look at the drugge out agu , only briefly . agu notice three boy cry . agu what be wrong with they ? ext . fortified house STREET - day agu sit over the corpse of a NRC soldier . he look around , as if surprised that it be daylight . hope be speak to he , but when word come out of hope 's mouth , they sound like a garble language . agu look up at he blankly as he take a hit from the joint . now he be surround by several of he boy unit soldier who stare and laugh at agu sit on the dead soldier . he look at the group of young boy soldier cry . 74 . agu what be wrong with they ? why be they cry ? preacher commandant will not let they go with he into battle . agu where be this battle ? he look at strika who shrug he shoulder . agu call the cry boy over to he and lead they down the street .. ext . fortified home - day agu walk down the street with the crying boy just as he sbu blow up the gate of a fortify house . boom . the gate go down in a shower of explosive . agu and the rest storm in . int . fortified home agu and strika run upstairs , scavenge , break , scatter , tipping ... there be picture on the wall . family , smile face , long mildew . hope be knock down a door . kpwam ! kpwam ! agu and strika join in , kick , kick , kick . they break through . int . fortified home - broken room agu look down and see the sky as the rest of the Boy unit enter the house . agu ( v.o. ) God , there be nothing to be keep you from watch what we be do . the voice laugh , the world shake . they flip open a armoire . a quiet settles over the room as hope and griot take a moment to look at what they have find . 75 . a woman , late-twenty , and she 10 year - old daughter hide with they back to the man . the woman look like it could be a emaciate version of agu 's mother , she even have the same dress as he mother . agu look at they , he eye , so high , seem to float on he shoulder . agu mother ? hope look at agu , amused . agu move to hug she . agu ( cont 'd ) I be not recognize you . the woman turn in fear just as agu reach to hug she . it be not mother . the girl be also emaciate , she knee like jutting knob . agu hug the woman anyway . they scream , shrink away from agu . agu ( cont 'd ) I be not bad boy . I be not ... agu try to hug they , but they scream again . he realize they be not he mother and sister , they fear anger he . he grab they , pull at they clothes . hope and griot grab the women by they leg and drag they away as desperate , stark shriek fill the room . agu ( cont 'd ) you be not my mother ! and you , you be not my sister ! they continue scream . agu ( cont 'd ) enough ! the woman clasp she hand together , tear all over she face . woman God , please take my daughter safely to heaven . please Lord I be begging to you . justice pull down he short and show himself to the woman woman ( cont 'd ) Devil bless you ! Devil bear you ! 76 . griot hold she down . strika hold she down , and so do agu as hope unzip he pants . agu Devil be not bless I . shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! agu pull the girl away from she mother , she grasp onto she mother 's hand , suspending herself in the air . and now we stay on the little girl face . she be scream , but still hold on to she mother , she nail digging into she mother 's wrist . on strika , he bite the little girl 's wrist , break she grasp . agu fall back with the girl , then drag she light body away from she mother . agu ( cont 'd ) you be not my sister . strika start jump on the little girl . her breath punch out of she , the girl be scream stop as all hope be drain from she , she eye go blank . griot get he soldier ready to rape the mother . agu ( cont 'd ) you be not my mother . agu walk to she , and at point blank , raise he rifle and dispatch the mother with a bullet to she head . whip pan to hope who be still raping she . he stop and look at agu like he have lose he mind , panning back to agu whose attention have already be draw outside , to the next room where the wall have be destroy , provide a OPEN plan view of the rest of the village ... act of violence be be committed across the wide view in front of we . int . / ext . fortified home town square - dusk agu be no longer high , strika be no longer high . they sit , grind they tooth in withdrawal , dry blood cake on they face . commandant be stuff a grenade into the local chief 's mouth . 77 . commandant see , now it be you time to eat . agu , strika , and commandant 's body guard exit the room follow by preacher , who run out just as boom - the room spew out debris . outside . survive civilian have be round up and sit in the middle of the street . a scene now unremarkable and familiar to agu . the ndf Soldiers have take and load everything they possibly can into they truck . women cry in a drain , fatigue moan . they slap they face and claw at they own arm . commandant be happy . he stretch he back . cso this be for you , sah . commandant read a note from the cso . two - i- C from the Supreme Commander ? what do it say ? commandant he be summoning we . commandant smile at he man . commandant ( cont 'd ) load up ! cso where do I instruct the driver to take we ? commandant to taro -- the town of abundant resource . two - i- C do he state the reason ? commandant no . the cso and the rest of commandant 's entourage voice approval . preacher pardon I , sah . 78 . somehow , Chicken leg have die , they drag the body to commandant . commandant what be happen to this one ? two - i- C a piece of he own rpg be hit he temple . commandant close the soldier 's eye with he finger tenderly . agu and strika watch the odd moment of sentimentality , but in both of they eye , there be none . preacher what do we do with they ? commandant leave one live . tell he to run north , to the next village , and to the next village after that , tell he to tell everyone that soon we come . this be just the beginning . two -i- C digest the order . preacher salute , turn and walk towards the civilian . ext . lower countryside - dusk the ndf convoy snake through the wilderness in the last glow of skylight . int / ext . commandant pick - up truck ( moving ) - night agu watch the pass pavement under the warm beam of headlight , grass and shrub fall off into darkness . int / ext . commandant pick - up truck ( moving ) - day the convoy crest a hill and descend down a rusting grand boulevard . a burn out caravan of Bush taxis rust on the side of the road . we pan as it pass a colonial era sign on the highway " welcome to taro , the town of abundant resource " . angle through the windshield at the pass town sign . 79 . agu look up at commandant . commandant notice he look at he , he smile . commandant Home , agu . ext . t.a.r . - ndf check point - day they approach a improvise check point guard by soldier who look much like we ndf Soldiers from a distance . rust and shot up car line the road side , as if pitch gun battle have take place here long before . the convoy stop a 100 hundred meter before it as three heavily armed men approach they from the side of the road , ready to fire . they wear the same amulet and piece of equipment as the ndf but they clothes be cover in a charcoal rub and oil dip material : the charcoal faction of the ndf . charcoal ndf soldier halt ! enemy or friend ?! preacher friend ! charcoal ndf soldier Drop you arm to be recognize ! preacher we be ndf . ( code exchange ) charcoal ndf soldier who be you Commander ? commandant I be . commandant step out of he vehicle , walk to the front , immediately protect by he entourage . commandant ( cont 'd ) what kind of welcome be this , enh , for a hero battalion ? charcoal ndf soldier I be not have instruction to be receive you . I will radio hq . hold ground . 80 . the charcoal ndf soldier step to the side with he vhf radio . he speak inaudibly into it , look back at the convoy , then receive instruction . he send another charcoal ndf -- prince , who jump onto the side of preacher 's truck , waive for the convoy to follow . charcoal ndf soldier ( cont 'd ) I have instruction to take you to hq immediately . the Supreme Commander , he be await you . they pull through the convoy . about 30 charcoal ndf soldier watch they go by curiously . commandant , suspicious but willing to let this pass , wave he battalion off to the side of the road . int . / ext . t.a.r. MAIN boulevard - day wide angle over taro . commandant 's truck move into town . the building be the dilapidate remain of european colonialism . political slogans from vary regime be paint and paste to side of building . he notice ecomod station on a corner . the truck move as if it be invisible to the population , who all but ignore they presence while trading the looted merchandise in abundance . agu this people do not run . commandant watch the charcoal ndf soldier , wary . agu ( v.o. ) maybe they be not see we because they be spirit . this be death 's hometown . ext . t.a.r . - supreme command headquarters - day Supreme Command headquarters occupy a neglect art deco train station along the town 's port . commandant 's convoy enter the complex through another checkpoint more heavily armed . Beyond it armed security personnel that look like we ndf fighter but with different style be scattered about the pathway lead to the interior of the complex which be fill with former combatant . 81 . confusion seem to reign as agu strain to take in all this new site . int . supreme commander hq - waiting room - day the charcoal ndf soldier hand off commandant to a deputy cso for Supreme Commander goodblood . deputy commandant . welcome . commandant thank you deputy . commandant seem to have little respect for this man , who lead they deeper into the complex , past a flurry of activity , aide with papers , armed guard , and other functionary . commandant ( cont 'd ) I have be ask to leave my man on the edge of town . deputy we apologize for the inconvenience . we do not want to alarm the population by the arrival of such a large force . commandant when can they enter ? I have - deputy I do not know goodblood 's plan for you . I assure you , you will know a - s-a-p. he motion for they to sit in a austere wait room . a single armed guard in fatigue sleep in the room . deputy clear he throat . deputy ( cont 'd ) you will wait here . commandant look around the room , unimpress . commandant you will bring something to drink for we . Water . deputy certainly . 82. they sit . collapsing with they field clothes into squeaky and odd civilian space . they weapon dangle on they side . two of the body guard light a joint . agu tug on they shirt . he notice the distant look on commandant 's face . agu ( v.o. ) I be look at he , and I be see he be not happy to be wait . agu get a hit of the joint . he too collapse against the floor , watch the clock , a analog mid-century clock with hand that slowly rotate around its face . agu ( v.o. ) and I be see this people enter with more than they be have when they be leave and I be wonder why they be leave they thing behind and if I should be tell they . we see chinese business men enter the office , and then leave , and then commandant readying himself as if it be they turn , but then the deputy apologize , and lead in a group of lebanese business men who enter with brief case and then exit without . agu ( v.o. ) and with every person that be come , and every person that be go , I be see anger on commandant 's face grow . and as the clock move faster , commandant slam the arm of he chair , bam , waking the room , and the sleep armed guard . just then the deputy enter . deputy Supreme Commander be so very upset to keep you wait . please , follow I . the man stand , stretch the stiff muscle . and go through the door into another , slightly more pleasant , wait room . deputy ( cont 'd ) please sit , I will be with you shortly . 83. commandant what be this ? this be just another room . where be we water ? agu raise he rifle at the armed Guard . agu give we water ! give we water , now ! commandant 's bodyguard 's smile , as do strika , the armed Guard run down the hall to oblige . int . supreme commander hq - another waiting room - night they sip water from plastic bag . a air conditioner hum . commandant sit deep in think . int . supreme commander hq - another waiting room - later they be all sleep . deputy commandant . they stir . deputy ( cont 'd ) the Supreme Commander feel ill and have go home for the evening . the deputy can see this will not satisfy commandant , who look like he could squeeze the life out of this functionary . deputy ( cont 'd ) but he invite you to he home first appointment in the morning . commandant where be you put we to be sleep ? deputy I hope this room , with the air conditioning , will be sufficient . thank you , gentlemen . int . supreme commander be hq - hallway - day they walk down a pleasant hallway , as if they be on a museum tour , strika and agu be dazzle by the cleanliness of it all . 84 . deputy commandant , I trust you rest well . I would like you to know we also offer ration and water to the rest of you battalion this morning . commandant walk past he . two - i- C thank you , deputy . int . supreme commander's office - day they spill out into a foyer flanke by a dining room and a office with chair arrange for long , circuitous conversation . commandant take a seat , the rest of the entourage hold back uncomfortably , along the edge of the room . the deputy enter a door on the opposite side of the room where uhf radio chatter link goodblood to he commander and fighter across the country . there , a elder statesman like intellectual appear in the doorway , dada goodblood , follow by the deputy . everyone stand and salute . agu strain to finally see the man they have all speak about . he wear a fine combination of clothes , and look smart , even in he morning slipper , newspaper in hand , deputy hold he coffee . he sit on the smaller chair , near to commandant . goodblood at ease gentlemen . at ease ... goodblood smile warmly as he sit . goodblood ( cont 'd ) commandant . commandant Supreme Commander , sah . goodblood I must apologize for yesterday , so much busy - ness this day , it 's wear I down . commandant do not hide he frustration . 85 . commandant I be sorry you be feel weak , sah . goodblood I see you family have grow . he look at the entourage watch they , in particular the boy . goodblood ( cont 'd ) they will want to eat while we talk . unless you be hungry , too ? goodblood look at deputy , who quickly realize he must usher the man to the adjoin room that offer commandant and goodblood more privacy . commandant I be hungry . two -i-c , bring I a plate . two -i- C start to move - goodblood two -I - C , you stay . deputy ? the deputy nod dutifully . in the dining room a table of european style food be quickly sack by the man . strika and agu stuff croissant into they pocket and sit on the floor , roll slice of meat and stuff they in they mouth . agu keep one eye on the meeting , where the commandant and goodblood share weight stare . goodblood read commandant 's emotional weariness , commandant read goodblood 's ill intention . two -i- C be paralyze between they . commandant what be this , Chief ? why be you make I wait ? goodblood it be you duty . commandant something have change , what be it ? he sniff out goodblood . commandant ( cont 'd ) we be not take the Capital ? 86 . goodblood protect we people remain the priority . as you know , the world be become aware of this war , now . no one will escape judgment when it be over . commandant Chief , to protect we people , we have the force and the momentum , why stop , why wait ? goodblood it use to be survival of the strongest , the strong dominate by brute force , but now it be survival of the wittiest and the decision we make have far deeper consequence . commandant then what be you plan for my battalion ? be you not make I General ? goodblood I be not . I be give you battalion to two-i-c , commandant . that be why I bring you here . two-i- C be overtly surprised , commandant be able to contain he , only just . goodblood ( cont 'd ) and you , I will promote to deputy Secretary of Defense . effective immediately . I hope you will accept and act accordingly . two-i-c commandant thank you , suh ! May we speak alone , chief ? two -i- C salute , excitedly . two - i- C I promise to perform my duty to the fullest pot - commandant two -I - C get out . two -i- C drop he salute and smile . he do not know whether to stay or go . goodblood release he . 87 . goodblood I want the ceremony of change over tomorrow , so that two-i - C ... I mean newly , commandant in absence , may take the battalion back out for security detail . as you know , and much thanks to you , we have the NRC on they heel . with support from the UN and ecomod , the battle now be for public image . two -i-c and other commander like he will provide that for we until the junta crumble . commandant you be take my battalion ? goodblood commandant , you battalion be my battalion . one of hundred across the nation . I will remind you that you be a soldier , you be subject to order , you listen and obey order . agu have never see anyone speak to commandant in this way . commandant and for my service , Chief ? I build this battalion . I be they father . goodblood that honor remain yours . commandant and payment ? what share of the resource will I have , for this honor ? goodblood if you be want to be a man of industry and resource , then find a job with a mining company . I be offer you something else entirely , a education . commandant steam , read the room . several of goodblood 's security personnel quietly enter the edge of the room . goodblood ( cont 'd ) do not forget , you most important duty be obedience . you first duty be obedience ... ( more ) 88. goodblood ( cont 'd ) you second duty , obedience . you third , obedience . everything be obedience . without obedience you have nothing . have you forget yourself ? commandant adjust he tone . commandant I have not Chief . I be not a politician , I be a soldier . he look at he man , motion for they to get ready to go . commandant ( cont 'd ) I will have one last night with they . goodblood stand . the man stand and salute . tripod move on ! goodblood watch commandant leave with calculation . ext . supreme commander wellington hq - yard - day commandant simmer . tripod sah ?! commandant assemble the C / os , take the troops and bivouac outside of town . I be take two-i-c with some of the boy to celebrate . tripod yes , suh ! two - i- C where be we go ? commandant you will see . you will like it . agu and strika watch , anxiously want to join this adventure . 89 . commandant ( cont 'd ) if you and strika be my bodyguard , then if I be go , you be also go , you be hearing I ? agu and strika salute excitedly . knock knock knock ext . whorehouse , door - night commandant and he man stand outside a seal door . a dwarf like Old woman slide the window open . int . whorehouse - night a small room . a fluorescent light casting a blue glow over everything . the man 's face shine with sweat . all of the window and doorway have heavy black material block any light from escape . the man fill up the room . agu look up , he cannot believe what he see . agu ( v.o. ) imagination tv . on the screen be a bootleg Jimmy cliff film . a heavy woman , the madame , approach they , she eye shine with bright blue contact , she body be curvaceous and she walk with a limp . madame enh , so you come ? commandant ma. bring something that will satisfy my soldier and my soldier ! the man laugh nervously , all still reeling . commandant 's ease in conflict with what he just receive from goodblood . commandant ( cont 'd ) bring beer ! bring soda ! bring it all ! the man laugh forcefully , glance down the empty hall eagerly . agu notice a girl , young and pretty , sleep on a bench at the exit to the room . the Madame shout at she ... 90 . madame get up you , can not you see we be have guest ? the young girl get up slowly and go to a cooler . she bend over , all of the man lean to get a better view . young girl the beer be warm . commandant how be it warm ? young girl no ice . commandant no ice !? young girl no light . commandant bring the drink . we will be drink it even if it be warm . she sigh and fill a bucket with warm beer bottle . two - i- C commandant . permission to be dismiss . I want to be go to be check on my men- commandant turn from smile to deathly serious . commandant negative . you will be stay here so we can celebrate you . in fact , mama , why do not you bring a special one for my two -i-c , who will soon be the co-mman-dan -tttt . ( to other ) who 's you commandant ? tripod you , sir ! the commandant 's smile return . he turn to the Madame . commandant but you have one special for two -I - C ? the Madame laugh . 91 . madame no problem . no problem . the commandant become serious again , he eye seem to communicate something code . the Madame 's tone change . madame ( cont 'd ) no problem . commandant hey mama , this one 's fresh papaya . the man laugh harder . she be annoyed , but not unaccustom . agu can tell now she be even young than he think she be , barely 14 . madame if it be woman you be want , leave this one . I be have plenty women in the back if you be have plenty money to be give I , for a special girl . commandant do not you be worry about money , mar . bring I a good girl , you know my specification . agu auntie ! auntie , bring we some chip ! the Madame turn towards he , sighing through she tooth . madame this small thing born yesterday try to order thing around , enh ! she go and grab a basket of crisp and place it in front of agu as four women appear in the doorway . madame ( cont 'd ) we be have enough for you man , but there be no more girl for the little boy . agu look up , angrily . commandant pick up a hesitant two-i - C and push he out first , the rest of the man waste no time disappear into the hall . 92 . within second , the room be empty , leave agu behind with the girl . strika , high and tired , lay on the floor to take a nap . int . whorehouse , SMALL room - later agu sit with he head rest in he arm at the table . a empty beer bottle lay in front of he . he watch the Jimmy cliff movie . sweat bead on he nose as he eat a chip . the young woman collect the bottle on the table . he study she face , the pulsing of she blood in she neck , the sweat on she brow and nose . he watch she butt move , she breast shake as she clean the table off . slowly , he reach out he hand to touch she , she turn and look at he as if she would bite he arm off . frustrate and bored , he leave the room . ext . whorehouse courtyard - night agu walk over to the shutter window of the " sex stall " and watch various couple copulate . he reach into he pants and touch himself when he hear a loud shot . the door to a room around the horseshoe shape building swing open , as two-i -c , half dress and naked burst out , slide down against the wall leave a trail of blood . int . whorehouse - hallway / SMALL room - continuous the man drag two-i-c down the hallway and back into the room with the tv , lay he out on the table . he bleed from a hole in he head , he face look like all the pain in the world be come through he . commandant enter last , only wear a sheet . commandant what be happen ? huh ? what happen ? two - i- C ( under he breath ) you do this . 93. commandant what happen to my man ? wh- what happen here ? they all look at the girl two-i - C have be with , she look to the Madame for succor . two -i- C shake on the table , he body go into shock . girl I be just play with he gun , and it just go off . I do not know what happen . I do not know - I be sorry . two - i- C ( to commandant ) you do this . you do this . commandant ( to two - I -c ) relax , relax , relax ! ( to prostitute ) you do this ! you do this ! the commandant point , accusingly at the girl . agu grip he rifle , wait for commandant to give the order . girl commandant ( cont 'd ) ( cry ) you think you be shoot I do not mean to . I ! girl commandant ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! you think it be I ? the girl cry . girl commandant ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to . I be so be you try to kill I , sorry . and to kill my man ? huh ! the girl point she finger at the Madame . girl she tell I ... madame she tell you ? it be a accident ! commandant go ! on the commandant 's command , agu and strika turn on the girl and Madame and shoot they to down . 94 . commandant ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! let 's go ! enh ! pick he up ! I want you to take all they woman ! all of they ! int . unfinished build , 2nd floor - night agu sit next to two-i-c , who be wrap in a blanket , shiver , he skin shine with a greenish pallor . agu squeeze a wet cloth over he forehead , drip brown water . agu ( v.o. ) his spirit be fight to be let free from he body . ( whisper to two-i - C ) it be hurt because you be think about it . if you be stop to think about it , there be nothing to be feel . the think be the hurt . outside and around the building , the rest of the ndf battalion rest and wait for order . int . unfinished build , 2nd floor - day two -i- C wheeze . agu sit at one of the desk separate a bullet from its shell , empty the gun powder onto a piece of gum foil . agu light the powder in a poof . he scrape the white - grey residue into a line and sniff it . int . unfinished build , 2nd floor - dusk the moon be full and shine into the room . finally , two-i - C stop moan . agu turn and look . approach two-i-c , think he be dead . two -I - c's eye be open and he 's try to whisper something . agu can not hear it . he lean in closer . two -I - C 's breath a death rattle . two - i- C you be just a boy . agu look at he hand , clammy and yellow , finger grip he blanket . two - i-c ( cont 'd ) do you know you be just a boy ? 95 . two -i- C begin to tremble , panic . agu reach for he hand , hold it . two - i-c ( cont 'd ) be this all for nothing ? he look at two -I -c , unsure why he be feel sad for this man at this moment . agu ( v.o. ) it be like God be turn he gaze on two-i-c. two -i- C exhales , the tremble cease . he be dead . agu , draw by the fade light , walk to the balcony overlook the town . commandant agu ? be that you . agu can barely perceive commandant sit in the railing , he skin reflect the faint ember of a joint cup in he hand . agu do not respond . commandant ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) agu. come . sit down with I . agu lean into the railing . commandant rub the back of he neck . commandant ( cont 'd ) it be dangerous time now , agu . can not be trust nobody . that be why it be always good to be sleep with one eye open . and that be why I have you and strika . tripod enter with radio operator . tripod goodblood be ask for you . commandant wave he away . tripod , aware thing have change , wait a explanation . commandant sometimes agu , sometimes I be feel sorry for you . agu can not tell if he hear he say it or if he dream he say it . 96 . commandant ( cont 'd ) sometimes I be . agu two -i- C be dead . ext . unfinished build - night preacher sing over two-i - C 's body . they strip he of he " two - I - C " jacket , he belt , boot , and anything else of use . he be leave with only he dirty sock and underwear . agu ( v.o. ) it be take two-i- C all day to be die , and then he be die when the moon be full and the night be shine like silver . commandant you be my new two-i-c. commandant place the jacket on tripod , who proudly put it on over he bare chest . agu ( v.o. ) the the only way not to be fight anymore be to be die . commandant this be not God 's work . this be man' . the Supreme Commander be we friend . now he be we enemy . but we be not fear change ... for we be strong ! men strong and proud ! commandant that be why we should be take we own territory and fill we own pocket . move out . the ndf Soldiers take stock in what they have , burn they vehicle and move out . ext . jungle camp - night fog swirl along the canopy of the jungle . commandant 's tent have be reduce to a small lean to , separate from where everyone else sleep under the tree . 97 . agu ( v.o. ) mother . if this war be ever end I be think , I can not be go back to do child thing . everyone sleep . suddenly they be attack from unseen force . bullet pound the ground around they , bury man in dirt and tear other up with shrapnel . agu ( v.o. ) we be just wild animal now with no place to be go . agu and strika hold each other while bullet shell pour on they . the battle be over as quickly as it begin . commandant be frazzle . he pick up he hat , dusting it off , while yell for the man to fall back . preacher move up and down the line , check the man . preacher tripod , hope ! agu look down the line . they be both bleed . hope be dead . tripod still breathes , but he body be leak blood from many wound . he scream while stare wildly at everyone look down at he , breathe . his eye roll into the back of he head . agu ( v.o. ) bullet be just eat everything , leaf , tree , ground , person -- eat they -- just make person to bleed everywhere ... so much blood . they pick through the useful gear and begin to move out . preacher whisper a prayer to himself as commandant pull tripod 's two-i-c jacket off and place it on preacher , unceremoniously as the man move out . ext . jungle - dusk agu collapse with strika at they next bivouac . the man say nothing , they be all too exhaust . gun FIRE echoes in the distance . everyone be silent look at commandant for guidance , wait . commandant signal , move down the line ... " move out . " 98 . agu put he pack on and start to leave when he see strika be immovable , lizard lick he chap lip . agu ( whispering ) strika ? strika ! we be have to go or they will be leave we . strika shake he head . agu ( cont 'd ) let 's go . agu watch as the other disappear into the bush without they . he turn back to strika . agu ( cont 'd ) strika ! we have to be go . stand up and let 's go ! strika shake he head , sadly . agu ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? agu go to strika . agu ( cont 'd ) what be wrong ? strika look at agu , wheeze . he show agu a small shrapnel wound in he side . worried but with no other choice , agu pick strika up and throw he onto he back . ext . jungle - dawn agu notice a cricket on a leaf . he snatch it quickly , bite half of it , then give the other half to strika , who let it sit in he mouth with out swallow . agu ( v.o. ) I be want to say to strika , I be tired too . gun FIRE echoes again in the distance . quietly , they move out again . agu ( v.o. ) I be tired , and so the word be not come out of my mouth . 99 . agu pick up strika to carry he . agu ( v.o. ) I will be a old man before this war be over ... a song . agu hear it and sit up quickly . it 's the song he mother use to sing to he in the kitchen hut . agu enh ... strika , a song . Music . like my mother sing ... he look around , try to find its ephemeral source . but it go silent . he try to see if strika be listen , he head rest on agu 's shoulder . agu ( cont 'd ) strika ? he shake strika . but strika do not respond . agu ( cont 'd ) strika ? realizing he be dead , agu lay he down and cry . ext . jungle - later agu cover strika with leave . commandant look at he , pitifully . then lead the man on . fade out : SOUND of single stream of urine trickling into water fade in : ext . muddy red trench - morning agu stand alone in knee deep water pee into the same . he notice a float corpse next to where he be pee , its boot look in decent condition . he stop pee and pries the boot off , fall back into the water . 100 . when he get up he notice the girl from the whorehouse , now fully pregnant try to climb out of the trench to escape . his first instinct be to grab he rifle and aim . she see this , they lock eye , but she test he , step higher . he lower he aim . she thanks he with she eye , but do not make it more than 15 foot before swoofff , a bullet from a sniper far off on the other side of a burned field drop she - the men the trench agu be hide in be build to hide from . agu , only briefly sadden by the quick end to the girl , go back to pry off the dead man 's boot . ext . muddy red trench - day the rain mist on agu , newish boot hang on he shoulder from they lace . the mother' song sing again from some place off in the mist . agu ( v.o. ) mother , you song be make my body to move and I be not have to think anymore , not about strika , not about this war , not about any of the thing that be jump into my head . he sit in a fox hole overlook the burnt field . preacher try to take a pop shot at someone on the other side of the field . preacher ammo . find I some fuck bullet to be shoot , agu . agu he be dead . preacher who be dead ? agu him . agu point to the man he pried the boot from . bore , he go to find ammo , digging through abandon rifle and dead body . 101 . agu ( v.o. ) I want to be go to that person who be sing and take all of the sound so I can be keep it in my pocket , to be have it for myself . the trench be fill with more water . agu walk through it towards the inner part of the ndf defense , the water up to he belly so he rest he rifle on he head . agu ( v.o. ) I be want to lie down on the warm ground with my eye close and the smell of mud in my nose , just like strika . agu look at he reflection in the water stare back at he . he move , it move . he walk , it follow . around he , the man have create smaller mini-indentation to protect themselves from the rain of shrapnel . agu ( v.o. ) I be want to feel how the ground be wet all around my body so that if I be sweat , I be feel like it be the ground sweat through I . ndf Soldiers be like ghost in the heavy mist . he can not see more than a couple foot in front of he at a time . agu ( v.o. ) and I be want to stay in this same place forever , never move for anything , just wait wait until dust be pile on I and grasses be cover I and insect be make they home in the space between my teeth . he round a intersection in the trench with a wooden defense protect it from exposure , lead deeper into the wood . agu ( v.o. ) one onina tree will be grow from my body , so wide that its trunk be separate night and day and so tall that its top leaf be tickle the moon until the man live there be smile . 102 . ext . commmandant's gold mine - day agu enter the gold mining area of they encampment . he sit to put on he new boot while look at the lackluster industry . commandant sit on a throne of earth , a purple rappa cover he from the rain like a tribal king . he stare at the sky , a joint hang gingerly in he dirty finger , ash float on the water all around he . agu commandant , suh . we be out of bullet . commandant Kai ! this fog , agu . it be we friend . agu nod , dutifully . commandant relight the joint . he motion for agu to come over to he . agu do , slowly , trudging through the shallower water . commandant put he arm on he , gently caress he back . commandant ( cont 'd ) it be not suppose to be the way it have come to be , agu . agu they be dead . commandant who be dead ? agu do not seem to know how to answer the question . commandant ( cont 'd ) everyone - commandant ( cont 'd ) everyone betray you , eventually . but , I will always look out for you , agu . I will look out for you because you be my son . out of the mist , agu hear voice , restless voice . commandant ( cont 'd ) and a son always protect he father . agu pull away from commandant and trudge towards the entrance to let preacher through . 103 . preacher ( o.s. ) out of my way . preacher emerge from the whiteness . preacher ( cont 'd ) I be need to be speak with you commandant . commandant what be all this noise ? commandant shout from he throw . preacher we be leave , sah . commandant who and who be leave ? preacher push agu aside , knock he against the wall of the trench . commandant ( cont 'd ) who be leave ? preacher blink . commandant ( cont 'd ) two -I -c , go back to you post . preacher no , sah . we be go . commandant you be the only one stupid stand in front of I . preacher I be go , sah ! I have no bullet , I can not be shoot we enemy with no bullet . there be no gold , no money , nothing to be buy more bullet . so I be go . another ndf soldier I be go too . more voice call out from beyond the mist that they be leave , farther and farther into the trenches , until the smallest voice be still yell " I too ! " commandant 's eye grow dark . preacher subtly slide he hand down he rifle , still hang on he shoulder . 104 . electricity course through agu 's temple , fear and confusion cloud he face . more man move to support preacher , and agu see this , know he bullet could not stop they all . commandant I see . I see you be a big man now , two-i-c . and where will you be go ? you will surrender to the other ndf ? no . they will eat you . and to the ecomod ? that would be wiser , but , then what ? jail ? War crime ? if they let you go , you think you will ever have it as good as you have it right now in this mud ? you think that you will be able to just do what you want in " peace " ? he pace along the trench , lean into he man , centimeter away from they nose . commandant ( cont 'd ) you all will go back to you town , but they will fear you . you family will not associate with you . you will be nobody , with you poor , uneducate mind . and you will sit all day , and you will watch the sun rise and set , wait with thousand of other for some big man to come along and say " I have some job for you . " he look around , gaug the comprehension of he man . commandant ( cont 'd ) orphans . you be all orphan like I . you think I will let you waste what little time you have leave on this earth drink black tea and play draught with you gun powder tea . commandant turn , look at agu , grip he rifle . commandant ( cont 'd ) agu ? he walk straight towards agu . commandant ( cont 'd ) what be you think ? 105 . he grab the rifle , kneel down , hold it against he heart and close he eye . commandant ( cont 'd ) you want to kill I ? agu can not . commandant be disappointed . commandant ( cont 'd ) you want to surrender ? agu nod . commandant ( cont 'd ) then surrender . he turn to the rest of the man . commandant ( cont 'd ) when you be poor and hungry with nothing to do with you nothing day , you will remember this day as you best . and know , one day I will call on you again . and you will come . because you will remember this , and you will come run . nobody have it better than we . preacher climb out of the trench . the other move to follow . commandant turn to agu , he rifle still raise . commandant ( cont 'd ) go ! ext . UN checkpoint , road - day agu , in a column with the rest of the ndf Soldiers walk with they arm and weapon raise flat in the air . the sun shine hot over they head . agu ( v.o. ) Sun , why be you even think to shine on this world . I be want to catch you in my hand , to be squeezing until the color be drip out from you forever . that way everywhere it be always dark and nobody be ever have to see any of the terrible thing that be happen in this world . 106 . in the distance , wait UN force guide they through the defensive position . as they pass a line of former ecomod troops now re-organize as UN force , agu notice the 2nd Lieutenant from he home village , Alpha town , the man he sell he imagination tv to , but the man do not recognize agu . as agu stare at he , the 2nd Lieutenant be force to make eye contact with he , but can not make out why this young fighter be stare at he . fade to white : agu ( v.o. ) in heaven , it be always morning . fade in : int . room - day a ceiling fan spin around in circle . agu stare at it while lay in a clean bed of white sheet . he be healthy . his skin fresh , he face fill in . his eye clear . outside , child scream -- with joy . agu sit up . child - like drawing of war flutter on a desk under the ventilation of the fan . he step out of bed and stare out the window . permanent wooden blind split he view horizontally , but he can see through they , at dozen of child run into the turquoise water of the ocean . agu ( v.o. ) I be not know how long I be stay here , but I be stay here for a long time -- some week , some month -- I be not know . all I be know be how it be feel here . ext . beach - day agu stare at the other child at play . he notice a miniature crab run sideways in the sand , make a tiny trail . he look back at the kid play by the ocean . 107 . int . cafeteria - day a young woman , amy ( 20 ) watch agu . he do not join the other child , he stay separate . agu ( v.o. ) sometimes I be eat even if I be not hungry too much because I be fear that the food be finish for the next day . int . agu' room - day agu dress in new clothes , stare into a mirror at himself . agu ( v.o. ) I be like the clothes be clean and dry and it be not have any hole from bullet or blood from the last person who be wear it . ext . shelter courtyard - day the child scream as father friday , ( 5as ) enter the compound in a land Rover . they swarm he . int . school room - day Father Friday sit in front of agu . father friday turn to god. confession and forgiveness and resurrection , this be the thing you need to know to bring the life back to you life ... he continue while agu listen . agu ( v.o. ) I be not know all what he be meaning . the only thing that be make sense to I be memory that I be have of another boy -- strika - - sleep next to I , so close because we be the only people protect each other from all of the thing try to kill we . flash CUT to : 108 . ext . jungle camp - night agu and strika hold on to each other . int . school room - day agu sit defensively in front of the Father . agu ( v.o. ) the only thing I be know be the sound of people cough and scream , and the smell of go to toilet and dead body . and the feel of the brown brown and djamba in my blood . int . room - night ( formerly sc . 150 ) the same dorm room , several week earlier . agu sweat in bed , he body aching as the drug and poison leave he system . he shake in bed . int . shelter kitchen - day the kid , include agu , raid the kitchen threaten the cook , they lock they inside the kitchen and take over the school . int . shelter courtyard - day ( formerly sc . 159 ) the child -- month earlier when they first get to the shelter , be angry , confuse , drug still coursing through they nervous system -- burn item of furniture , bed , table leg , and throw they into the courtyard as the worker try to calm they down . agu , though we cannot hear it , throw he fist in the air chant . ext . shelter front drive - day Father Friday calm the child down , he hand outstretch wait for they to give he the key . agu ( v.o. ) confession and forgiveness and resurrection . 109 . int . shelter kitchen - day Father Friday unlock the door . the child , include agu , apologize to the staff . father friday ( v.o. ) above all , my boy . have faith in God and trust in he because he be the one help you to understand what this word mean . do you have a Bible ? ext . beach - night agu sit with several of the sbu boy . preacher , and who ever else be still alive . preacher they be not even pay we a allowance . how be we suppose to be live on this ? agu do not go preacher . int . school room Father Friday pull out a book . agu yes , I be have Bible , but I be use to be hold my draw down on my desk so the fan be not throw they everywhere . ext . beach - night agu and preacher hug . preacher they be say they be need soldier , fight be what I be know and that be what I should be do . you be sure you do not want to fight ? agu nod . preach and two other ndf adolescent jump the fence and sneak off . 110 . int . counseling room - day Amy sit in front of agu . she be quiet , make a effort to show she care what he be say . agu ( v.o. ) Amy . she be always look at I like look at I be go to be help I . amy go on , try , try to talk about it ... agu ( v.o. ) she think that my not speak be because I can not be explain myself like baby ... but I be not like baby , I be like old man and she be like small girl because I be fight in war and she be not even know what war be . amy tell I what you be feel , or , try to tell I what you be think . agu I be think about my future . amy good , yes , good . and how do you see you future ? he shrug . a fan buzze overhead . he look at it , subtly thumping like a helicopter . agu botu botu botu . amy do you want to talk about some of you experience ? agu shake he head . amy ( cont 'd ) okay . but it might make you feel better . agu stare at she for a long moment . so unbroken that Amy have to look away . 111 . agu I be see more terrible thing than ten thousand man and I be do more terrible thing than twenty thousand man . Amy look at he sadly . agu ( cont 'd ) so , if I be say this thing that I do , then it will be make I to sadd too much and you too sadd to much in this life . I be want to be happy in this life because of everything I be see . I be just want to be happy . Amy 's eye water . agu ( cont 'd ) if I be tell this to you it will be make you to think that I be some sort of beast or devil . ( beat ) I be all of this thing . I be all of this thing , but I be also have mother and father and brother and sister once , and they be loving I . ext . beach - dusk dozen of child run into the water , scream , writhe , pass around a ball in large circle . from a distance , agu watch they play , a part of he yearn to join they , a part of he feel like that version of himself be long go . but , surprising even to he , he cannot help but step forward , at first walk , then run out towards the water , splash into the frothy wave to join they . we last glimpse he as he dive underwater . CUT to black :