beast of the southern wild written by Lucy alibar &amp ; benh Zeitlin final draft base on the stage play " juicy and delicious " by Lucy alibar ext . hushpuppy's house - dawn a abandon look trailer sit on top of two 15 - foot-tall oil drum . distant thunder tremble through the peel metal panel . the structure be in such disrepair , that surely no one life here . but then , a light go on . int . hushpuppy's house - morning a tiny hand sculpt the mud on top of a crawfish hole place on the floor . we pan up to reveal a little girl examine a baby chicken that appear to be dead . this be hushpuppy , a unkempt and seemingly uncare for six - year- old with a gaze of unmistakable wisdom . hushpuppy place the chick on the crawfish hole , like a queen on she throne and the chick twitches to life , cheep twice . hushpuppy 's esoteric science experiment be interrupt by distant thunder . her eye stand to attention . CUT to : ext . shacko in the backo - day a eerie , harsh wind whip hay and dust through over a giant slumbering pot-belly pig . hushpuppy , don in boy ' underpant and a child - size wife - beater , tip -toe behind the epic creature . she study it , wonderful , be this the source of the thunder ? with the utmost delicacy , she lay a hand on the pig 's belly . we hear he huge beat heart . CUT to : ext . hushpuppy's house - various a series of glimpsis of hushpuppy 's scientific method . she chase geese , chicken , duck , dog around the property - a cross between a abandon farm and salvage yard . hushpuppy grab a baby chick and put it to she ear . a tiny heartbeat . she listen with focus wonder and intensity . 2 hushpuppy ( v.o . ) all the time , everywhere , everything 's organ be beatin ' and squirtin ' and talkin ' to each other in way I can not understand . mosta the time they probably just sayin ' " I be hungry , " or " I gotta poop , " but sometimes they talkin ' in code . hushpuppy 's eye dart up as a man' voice yell - man' voice ( o.s. ) get up , get out of here ! we hear a yowl as a cat be flung across the room . a window make from a gas station sign open in a Robinson crusoe style tree house patch together from storm debris and discard appliance . a wild man with severe feature , a frazz of unkempt hair , and brawler 's scar open a window make from a metal sign . this be windell emmett doucet , know to all as wink ( 39 ) . wink get you pants on , man ! wink kill a beer and send it out the hole in the wall into a basketball hoop attach to a fishing net that stretch 15 foot down to the ground . the net be overflow with beer can . ext . hushpuppy's house - day hushpuppy obediently climb a series of increasingly bigger and bigger oil drum that function like a ladder , up to the door of she house . ext . shacko in the backo - day we now see wink in he morning ritual . he open a cooler with a butcher chicken inside it and toss the bird on the grill . he go to the front porch and pour down a bag of dog food . he pull a clothesline that lead to hushpuppy 's trailer . a bell ring . 3 wink feed up time ! feed up ! hushpuppy , now wear pants and a slightly more proper T - shirt , come run down the oil barrel to she house . she echoe she daddy . hushpuppy feed up time ! feed up ! int . abandoned bus - day hushpuppy devour the whole roast chicken with she hand , get right in there like it be a candy apple . it look really yummy . Pigs , dog , chicken , and cat be chow down all around she . a hatch open above she and we realize we be in the bottom of the shacko . wink stick he head through the hatch and throw corn to the chicken . wink share with the dog . hushpuppy rip off a piece of chicken and fling it to a filthy chihuahua with no hair on the back half of its body . this be windell , in spite of she circumstance , quite a handsome young pup . ext . bathtub marsh water - the turck - evening wide , we see hushpuppy and wink drift through the marsh . they ride in a severe truck bed float on top of oil drum . a motor be strapped to the back . a sign on the boat read " the turck " , hushpuppy 's spelling of " truck " . they look out to where the water go all the way to a monolithic , 20 foot wall stretch infinitely into the distance . this levee , the first piece of modern construction we have see , enclose the civilized world , protect it from rise water . the bathtub be on the wrong side of wall . wink stare out at the distant factory behind the wall with a peaceful and confident disdain . hushuppy match he relaxed defiant expression . 4 wink ai not that ugly over there ? he take a long pull on he beer . wink ( cont 'd ) we live in the prettiest place on earth . hushpuppy look over the wall to the dry side . it 's a endless sprawl of oil processing power plant without a tree or bird in sight . this be the engine that run the Northern world . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) daddy say , up above the levee , on the dry side , they be afraid of the water like a bunch of baby . they build the wall that cut we off . ext . aerial bathtub - day we fly over marsh and water , come upon a tiny crop of shanties on a island perch at the very bottom of the land . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) they think we all gonna drow down here . but we be not goin ' nowhere . CUT to : ext . causeway - pre -flood - day close on hushpuppy let out a warrior scream in a mass of hollering people . they stand on a long and crumble road surround on both side by water . the rag tag band of reveler charge forward whooping and shout . hushpuppy kiss she hand and smack the town sign . " Isle de Charles doucet " be cross out and someone have graffity " the bathtub . " each party - goer repeat hushpuppy 's kiss and smack in wild , ritualistic fashion . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) the bathtub 's get more holiday than the whole rest of the world . 5 ext . lafourche road - day the townspeople charge in a rouse parade . everyone drag trail of beer can , boat part , anything they can tie to themselves that make a lot of noise . they be the hard face of fisherman and they feisty wife , downtrodden but with a sense of fortitude among they , a community of heart , spirit , passion , and reckless abandon . we see none of the separation that we be use to in modern society . there be no evidence of politics , religion , class , race or any other divisive ideology . the bathtub be a place of true and honest unity . megaphone stick out a gut mini-van broadcast the cajun band play inside . fiddle , see , guitar , and double - bass player struggle to hold onto they instrument and the truck bounce they down a dirt road . they drive under a banner read " welcome to the bathtub Storm season ! " wink and hushpuppy rattle along on a float make from the front end of a pickup truck . over the front cabin rear a giant sculpture of a horse -head make out of wooden spike , metal plate , and heavy chain . Carnival - dress maniac clamber on top . wink holler and wave to people . he fire jet of beer into the mouth of the crowd . hushpuppy dance on the back of the float . though she 's the tiniest member of this very adult parade , she 's right in the thick of everything . no one be check i.d here . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) daddy always say , that up in the dry world , they get none of what we get . ext . lafourche square - day the town dance around the band in a clear in the wood . everyone be bounce to the music , smile and joke with one another . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) they only get holiday once a year . 6 six baby , each with a racing number pin to they diaper , be place by they enthusiastic mamma at a start - line on a track mark by two adjacent crowd of onlooker . bet be fly between the spectator as if they be about to watch a cock -fight . announcer ( v.o . ) all baby to the race ! come up to the start line ! the baby race be about to begin . hushpuppy dance in the cheer crowd , swigging a bottle of something she probably should not have . a starting gun fire , and the baby make a crawl for it . most of they be paralyse in tear or bewilderment , but one brave soul toddle towards victory . hushpuppy ( v.o . ) they get fish stick in plastic wrapper , they get they baby stick in carriage , and chicken on stick and all that kind of stuff . hushpuppy look up at wink who be dance with he best friend walrus ( 60 ) , a slack jaw , white haire , pink nose , handsome devil . a baby cross the finish line , ahead of the rest , victorious . the crowd go wild . ext . marina paupier net - night wink open he trawl net and dump a massive catch into a pick pan . there 's food to feed a hundred in the haul . no one be a bit faze though , this be just you average night fishing in the bathtub . shrimp , crab , and small leaping fish struggle over one another for dear life . hushpuppy help he sort the catch . wink 's hand move with virtuosic ease , separate the crab from the shrimp . she study wink 's every move and try to measure up to she dad 's proficiency . he do not demonstrate or explain anything , but we sense there be a system of education in place here . 7 hushpuppy focus in on a tiny fish , wriggle and suck it 's last breath of air . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) one day , the storm 's gonna blow , the ground 's gonna sink , and the water 's gonna rise up so high , there be not gonna be no bathtub , just a whole bunch of water . she pick up a crab , pet its belly . the din of the party fade down around she as she listen to its heartbeat . ext . lady jox cypress forest - night explosion everywhere as bathtuber rampage blast firework down the street instead of into the air . Men dress as woman , woman dress as man , in some kind of reckless esoteric ritual . the score kick in hard with a tinge of ominous forbode . we sense that in spite of the ecstatic energy , the unbridle joy , that a cloud hang over this community . the people be parting like it 's there last day on earth , and we feel viscerally , that it could be . hushpuppy run in the thick of it behind wink wave a fountain sparkler . wink trip and fall . wink lie on he back on the ground . he see he daughter watch he , hold the huge sparkler , and they both laugh with sheer joy . hushpuppy stop over he and point a bottle rocket in he face , the fuse burn . he nod he approval . they watch the fuse burn down to the last moment . she turn it upward , and they watch she rocket join a sky fill with plume mortar . hushpuppy look at the light flicker across wink 's face . he 's momentarily peaceful , admire the spectacular display . hushpuppy smile at he with pride . he do not see she . they run off into the crowd , which be pulsate at the pinnacle of mayhem . the ominous music shift gear into a blasting patriotic hymn of the bathtub . throw you fist in the air ! this be the survivor , that who fight for they joy and they history to the last man . 8 hushpuppy ( v.o. ) but I and my daddy , we stay right here . we who the earth be for . hushpuppy run right at we with detonate firework in both hand , engulf by light . she swing they toward camera and the screen be engulf in a inferno of spark . a white out . Black letter slam down . beast of the southern wild int . schoolboat - morning music cut abruptly as a basket of crawfish be slam in front of camera . the crawfish squirming and struggle for life engulf the screen . woman' voice meat . a fearsome , uncompromising leader , sexy like a lady bullfighter , peek at hushpuppy over a mass of squirming crawfish . this be miss bathsheba ( 36 ) . she point to three student , push they head with she finger , each time announce : miss bathsheba meat . meat . meat . the twelve student follow she through a maze of creature cage in mason jar , basin , and box with breathe hole - she educational tool . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) every animal be make out of meat . I be meat , ya will ass meat . everything be part of the buffet of the universe . miss bathsheba roll up the leg of she skirt . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) this here , be a auroch . Riding she thigh , be tattooe a scene much like a cave painting in lascaux . in thick black ink , it depict a battle between early man wield spear , and giant bull - like animal bear down over they . 9 miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) a fierce , mean creature that roam the earth back when we all live in cave . they would gobble the cave - baby down right in front of they cave - parent . and the cavemen could not do nothing about it , because they be too poor , too stupid , too small . who here think the cavemen be sit around cry like a buncha pussy ? Children stare blankly , no one raise they hand . hushpuppy watch a heroic crawfish crest the basket , fall to the floor , and make a run for it . miss bathsheba snatch up the rogue crawdad and fling it back into the vat . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) y'all better think about that . Cause any day now , the fabric of the universe be come unravel . the ice cap gonna melt , the water 's gonna rise , and everything south of the levee 's go under . she point to a map show a rag coastline . on the wrong side of a giant line mark " levee " be a island label " the bathtub . " miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) ai not gonna be no bathtub , just a whole bunch of water . y'all better learn to survive . a mysterious cold wind fill the air . hushpuppy stare into a wall poster of a ice cliff read : the south pole . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) Way back in the day , the auroch be king of the world . ext . antarctic ice shelf - day crash CUT to the panorama of a ice cliff , but now it 's real . 10 we CUT closer to overwhelming white light accompany by intermittent frozen crack that build in frequency and volume . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) if it be not for giant snowballs , and the iced age . I would not even be hushpuppy , I would just be breakfast . the light dim in intensity to reveal , freeze deep inside the ice wall , barely visible - a fange , hairy , bloat , stone age creature , the same as on miss bathsheba 's leg . this be a auroch . int . / ext . shacko in the backo - evening hushpuppy climb a metal ladder make from a railing , up to wink 's shanty in the tree . windell , she dirty Chihuahua , follow behind . hushpuppy daddy ? feed - up time . feed-up ? hushpuppy bang on the door of the shacko . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) daddy ? nothing . she go inside . the house be empty . she check the shacko for food . nothing . ext . hushpuppy's house - evening several hour later , hushpuppy stand on a metal bin look into the distance . hushpuppy daddy !? like some sort of animal call , she shriek . 11 int . hushpuppy's house - night hushpuppy draw a picture of wink on a foldout mattress ... hushpuppy ( v.o. ) kid that get no mamma , no daddy and nobody . they get to live in the wood , and eat grass , and steal underpant . hushpuppy lay down next to she draw of wink . ext . shacko in the backo - morning windell , the Chihuahua and the potbelly pig awake to greet the day . hushpuppy peer into the ground floor of the shacko . hushpuppy daddy ? daddy ? no response . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if daddy do not get home soon , it 's gonna be time for I to start eat my pet . ext . schoolboat - day kid walk home with they parent after a day at the schoolboat , which we now see be big a yellow houseboat float on the bayou . hushpuppy wait alone , no one have come to get she . miss bathsheba lock up the door and head for she small motor boat tie off on the side of the school . miss bathsheba you need a ride , boo ? hushpuppy my daddy 's come to pick I up . miss bathsheba how about food or something , you hungry ? 12 hushpuppy shake she head `no ' . miss bathsheba 's do not totally believe she , but she 's not the type to coddle either . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) alright , well suit yourself . miss bathsheba motor away . hushpuppy wait until she 's out of sight and start walk . int . hushpuppy's house - morning play do n't- touch - the-floor , hushpuppy navigate she house . the room have with hole in the wall block with old clothes and paper towel . homemade toy fill every surface . this be the domain of a child at loose end . hushpuppy leap over she bed - a nook pile with clothes - and plug in the Christmas light . hushpuppy ( v.o ) everything we still get from mamma , we keep in my house . we push in on a shrine to she mother : a red basketball jersey . a apron . a saw - off shotgun . a child 's draw of a beautiful lady . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) daddy say , the first time she look at I , it make she heart beat so big , that she think it would blow up . that 's why she swim away . hushpuppy take the jersey down . she put it over a chair in the dining area . hushpuppy get a can of cat food . a pot . Water in a bowl . her action have a sad sense of routine to they - she 's be leave alone before , and have she own self - invent system for feed herself . she open a can of cat food , take it out with she hand and throw it in a pot . she lick the remnant off she finger . 13 marietta's voice hi my sweet baby . hushpuppy hi momma . marietta , hushpuppy 's imaginary , invisible mamma , be speak from the basketball jersey chair . marietta function like a imaginary friend - hushpuppy be the only one who can see she . hushpuppy take the pot , put it on the stove . marietta's voice hushpuppy what you do there ? you be good like I teach you ? hushpuppy yes , mamma . hushpuppy turn on the gas . hushpuppy go through she safety precaution : oven mitt , a helmet , she flip the table and hide behind it . she aim the stove lighter : a flame thrower make from a cigarette lighter and a can of spray deodorant . a spray of flame ignites the stove in a fireball . CUT to : moment later . hushpuppy behind the bubbling stove . she tie on a apron and sway to the music . she be dress like she mom . marietta 's Voice sing to she . marietta's voice you be good , you make I happy / you be good , you make I happy . hushpuppy that 's pretty mamma . marietta's voice you be pretty hushpuppy . hushpuppy stare into the float island of cat food fry in fat , which in she Pov be a surreal churn vision , like the bubbling lava at the center of the earth . she 's shocked out of she vision by a yowling cat be flung across the yard . 14 wink ( o.s ) get out of my way you fat animal ! hushpuppy jump down from the stove , grab a bowl of water , and run to greet wink , ext . wink compound - morning she clamber down the oil drum ladder spilling she water everywhere in she excitement . hushpuppy daddy ! daddy , daddy ! wink do not turn to acknowledge she as he trudge across the field toward he shacko . he 's wear a hospital patient 's smock and no shoe , it seem he check himself out . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) I learn lot of stuff while you go . if I drink all this here I can burp like a man . hushpuppy gulp down water , all of it . wink keep walk . hushpuppy burp like a man , but he do not turn around . hushpuppy stop to examine the situation . something 's not right here . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) how come you wear a dress ? hushpuppy tug he patient 's smock and he shrug she off violently . wink leave I alone , man . she see he hospital i.d bracelet still on . hushpuppy you wear a bracelet too ? wink go in you house , you would not understand . hushpuppy I wanna come in you house . 15 hushpuppy whacks wink 's butt . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) I wanna come in you house ! wink fake like he 's gonna smack she . wink go ahead ! hushpuppy tear off . wink storm into the shacko in the backo . int . hushpuppy's house - day hushpuppy stomp inside . her cat food be burn , with steam jetting up to the ceiling . she think about it for a moment , and turn the burner up . smoke billow . hushpuppy grab she basketball jersey off the chair and jump over the breakfront counter . behind she a massive grease explosion . hushpuppy duck down , panic . she check over the median . the stove be on engulf in flame . hushpuppy scramble under a cardboard box . int . / ext . hushpuppy be BOX - day the wall of the box be decorate with year of she drawing . in here she feel a strange safety . the flame and breaking window feel distant and muffle . she draw a hieroglyphic of herself sad and cry on a island with a sun and a palm tree . she peek out as wink run into the house , which be fill with black smoke , flicker flame . wink ( o.s. ) ( panic from inside ) hushpuppy !? boss lady !? hushpuppy where you at !? hushpuppy drop the box close . smoke billow into the box , fill it up . 16 hushpuppy ( v.o ) if daddy kill I , I be not gonna be forget , I be recording my story for the scientist of the future . hushpuppy draw a bigger figure give she a hug as wink 's panicked fury intensify outside . wink ( o.s ) hushpuppy !? where be you boss !? hushpuppy ( v.o ) in a million year , when kid go to school , they gonna know that once there be hushpuppy and she live with she daddy in the bathtub . wink pull hushpuppy 's drawing off the wall , he fling they out the door to safety . hushpuppy cough . wink have hear . he look toward the box . wink boss lady ? hushpuppy and make a run for it , fly out the door . wink ( cont 'd ) do not you run away from I . I swear to GOD hushpuppy ! ext . hushpuppy's house - day hushpuppy run out of wink 's compound into the wood , wink on she trail . in the background , the house be a tower inferno . ext . trail behind wink compound - day they run deeper into the swamp . hushpuppy I be tear off ! wink you be not tear off nothin ' , I will bust you ass ! 17 hushpuppy I be tear off just like my momma . wink come on ! wink try to yank she toward home and hushpuppy refuse . she dig she heel in . wink ( cont 'd ) see what happen . see what happen to you ! hushpuppy hook she leg around a tree and hold on . wink slap hushpuppy and she fall face down . he look away , disgust with himself . wink ( cont 'd ) see what you make I do ? you be kill I ! he reach down and try to pick she up . wink ( cont 'd ) get up and now come on . hushpuppy jump up on she own . hushpuppy I hope you do die ! and after you die , I come to you grave and eat birthday cake all by myself ! hushpuppy punch wink in the heart and suddenly everything goe quiet , as if all the insect in the forest have hushed . all at once , we hear -- a human heart , beat until there be a sonic boom , a earsplit crack of glacial ice . hushpuppy turn toward the sound . when she turn back wink 's face have transformed , wrench with fear and pain . wink keel over clutching he arm . hushpuppy stare , she breath accelerate . wink 's eye roll back in he head , he begin to seizure . 18 another glacial crack ring out . the splitting build to a deafening roar . she cover she ear . ext . antarctic ice shelf / wood - day fissure appear like lightning through the massive ice cliff from the open of the movie . hushpuppy run from the sound , hand over she ear . we intercut with shot of fall glacier . the universe be come unravelle . a ice shelf collapse into the ocean in a massive avalanche , a wave roll toward camera . ext . graveyard by the water - day the wave , now just a tiny ripple , hit hushpuppy 's foot . suddenly , the water level rise around she . it overtake she knee and keep go . hushpuppy back up to shore , terrify . hushpuppy call out to a distant beacon flash on the horizon . hushpuppy momma !? momma !? momma !? I think I break something . ext . schoolboat - day hushpuppy run out of the wood toward school in a total panic . in front of the school parent pile they child into a pickup truck and van . hushpuppy miss bathsheba ! miss bathsheba ! my daddy fall down ! miss bathsheba take hushpuppy 's hand as she try to catch she breath to speak . clutch in she hand be the hospital bracelet that wink have be wear . bathsheba turn over the diagnostic bracelet and read it , she eye widen in recognition and alarm . 19 int . schoolboat - day hushpuppy watch miss bathsheba frantically pull herb and root from she container of medicinal oddity and pack it into a large medicine jar . miss bathsheba it 's gonna be ok baby . bathsheba hand hushpuppy the medicine jar . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) ok , hushpuppy , here 's what I need you to do . you take this medicine and run as fast as you can . go ! ext . swamp clearing - day we see glimpsis of nature protect itself from the impending disaster . Flowers curl up , insect horde food underground , rustling sound fill the air . Black bird , and bat , and all manner of fly creature fill the sky . they be all get the hell out of dodge . hushpuppy , quaking with fear , run through a menace swamp clutching she medicine jar . the rise wind swirl the marsh grass all around she . hushpuppy run to the spot where wink collapse . he 's go . hushpuppy look around the swamp , unable to understand . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) daddy could have turn into a tree , or a bug . there be not any way to know . hushpuppy hide she medicine jar in she storage unit- a leather flap laid over the hollow of a oak tree . the hollow be fill with trinket and object she 's collect over the year . hushpuppy flinch as a shriek animal call out . she look up to see a leaf cover in writhe caterpillar . one of they have be skewer by a beetle and be fight for it 's life . 20 hushpuppy ( v.o. ) the whole universe depend on everything fitting together just right . if one piece bust , even the smallest piece , the entire universe will get bust . ext . antarctic ice shelf - day Blocks of glacier roll out of the avalanche and away from Antarctica like float ice cube . embed in each cube , be a auroch . a single ice cube take over the frame and the mammoth dead auroch ' eye stare right at we . its jaw wide , its fang bare , the ferocious beast appear to have fossilize mid- pounce . thunder boom . we drift upwards into the cloud cover . as we rise above the white canopy , the spiral of a hurricane form . ext . lafourche road - day string swell under howling wind . we follow behind a little boy run down the road with a alarm bell as the people of the bathtub mobilize in a frenzied evacuation . boy the storm 's come ! the storm 's come ! ext . lady jox bar - day hushpuppy sulk out of the wood , feel sorry for herself . she look up and freeze like she 's see a ghost . wink hobble down the road , look shell - shocked . the traffic on the road move in one direction : out . wink walk back into town in the opposite direction . in hushpuppy 's Pov wink arrive at Lady jo 's bar where a band of drunken sweetheart be in they regular position . they be watch the evacuation go by like it 's a veteran 's Day parade . they giggle and hurl good - nature curse out to a family make they way to safety . 21 little jo look at this asshole run around all over the damn place . c'est la vie asshole ! wink I know y'all with I . y'all doin ' the storm . little jo Lady jo 's be not never close honey . wink that 's what I be talk about . Walrus my big man , you stay ? walrus wrong number buddy . I be outta here as soon as I finish my beer . wink dismiss he with a wave of he hand . wink you be not goin nowhere . walrus this be not no sneeze comin ' out the gulf . I be go brother . wink I will see you tomorrow Walrus . lookit there , Winston 's with I . winston be pass out on the stair . wink ( cont 'd ) what you do about the storm Winston ? without open he eye , Winston raise a umbrella over he head . wink laugh . walrus hey ! it 's hushpuppy . everybody hushpuppy ! hushpuppy 's here . they burst into a round of drunken applause . 22 wink hushpuppy ? where you be ? hushpuppy what happen to y- wink shut-up ! he lift she up by the britches and carry she away . wink ( cont 'd ) you do not talk ! int . / ext . shacko in the backo - ground floor - day through the bus window , hushpuppy watch wink prepare for the storm as branch and debris fly by he . he rant to himself and drink . he tie the turck onto the house . hushpuppy look to where she animal lurch and freeze , run around in circle , pant heavily . they feel it come . rain drop start to spatter the window and wink trip and fall try to catch a flee chicken . int . / ext . shacko in the backo - 2 nd floor - night now , the full force of the storm howl and clatter the shutter . rain scream against the corrugate metal roof . wink tape pad over all sharp corner and plastic wrap the furniture . he 's hushpuppy - proofing everything . he run a piece of duct tape across the floor . wink this side be still wink 's house . no toy , and no girl stuff over here . wink push char toy from hushpuppy 's house across the line . wink ( cont 'd ) so if I want to come over that side and smack you in the face , that 's against the rule . so there 's a plus for you . 23 hushpuppy be not able to see the bright side here . wink ( cont 'd ) now come on down here and get in the boat , man . he point to a trunk on the floor . hushpuppy hop down and get in . wink sit on he air mattress . wink ( cont 'd ) if the water get real high , we gonna float to the top and we gonna bust through the roof and we gonna ride away , okay ? wink put a pair of mismatch water wing on she . wink ( cont 'd ) you never never take this off . I be you daddy , and you do what I tell you to do , because it 's my job to keep you from die , ok ? so sit back and just listen to I ... Close you eye and go to sleep . close you eye ! hushpuppy watch wink pretend to sleep . the thunder scare the bejesus out of he again . she look to the ceiling where water be start to pour in steadily . look back at wink who be sneaking a sip from he liquor bottle . he resume he phony sleep . a strong gust of wind jolt the entire room and he spring out of bed . wink ( cont 'd ) why you starin ' at I like that ? I can not sleep with you starin ' at I like that . wink pace the floor . wink ( cont 'd ) listen . you need to understand , you be a kid and I be a man . she do not understand . 24 wink ( cont 'd ) what , you scared ? hushpuppy nod . thunder boom and wink be the one who flinch . wink ( cont 'd ) do not be scared , no storm can not beat no doucet . I be gonna show you . you watch . but he can see she 's still scared . wink ( cont 'd ) I be will show you ! we doucet we be not scared of no damn storm . wink grab a bottle of moonshine and climb down the hatch in the floor into the storm . hushpuppy run to the window and peek out . outside . the frenzy of the hurricane propel wink at full sprint through the 100 mph wind . he tear he clothes off and guzzle moonshine as branch fall all around he . wink ( cont 'd ) look at I ! look at I hushpuppy ! watch I kick butt . wink fire he shotgun at the heaven . wink ( cont 'd ) Hell yea ! I be right here ! I be right here I be not go nowhere . ahhhhhh !!! a thunder clap shake the house so hard a ceiling beam crash down . hushpuppy run to she bed as if it might keep she safe . windell , swinging from a basket tie to the ceiling , bark , panic herself . hushpuppy mamma !? mamma !? CUT to : 25 ext . patagonian coast - night still in the rainstorm , a glacial cube shatter , flopping a mammoth body onto the shoreline . it 's chest heave and a low snort be hear . the animal begin to roll over . her dinosaur size hoof plant in the mud as she lift herself up . we stare over the muscular haunch of she body as she stare into the distance . the massive creature turn , testing she limb after thousand of year of sleep . she look up to the storm and let loose a gurgling roar . we sit close on one of she black eye . there be something dangerously sad in she cold gaze . her head move from the frame as she start forward on she journey . ext . aerial bathtub - day silence . the storm have pass . the camera fly high over the bathtub . the top of house poke out from the massive water like lily - pad in a pond . ext . shacko in the backo - flooded - morning a slab of metal stare at we , surround by water . something under the metal bang twice and a axe dislodge a roof panel . the axe twist and leverage off the slab . wink heft hushpuppy on top of the roof . then windell . dishevel and hung-over , he pull himself up too . the three survivor stare in stunne silence at they new world . ext . flooded lafourche road - turck - morning wink slowly navigate the turck in through the flood landscape where they town have once be . neither he nor hushpuppy can say a word . everything be submerge . every organism be dead or have fle . the quiet be overwhelming . 26 hushpuppy ( v.o. ) for every animal that do not have a dad to put it in a boat , the end of the world already happen . they be all down below , try to breathe through water . they pass abandon house , after abandon house , the one on stilt have water up to the porch . tree be bashed through roof , wall be blow through , bathroom expose . ext . winston be house - flooded - morning wink use a pole to open a door . wink yo Winston ? no one answer . they push off . ext . edison be house - flooded - the turck - day wink enter a intact house with water up to the porch . wink ( o.s. ) Edison ? ow - wee ! wink lean against the door frame . from he Pov we see hushpuppy on the turck . she pick a leaf and eat it . wink shake he head in dismay , realize all too clearly he girl be not ready for survival . ext . swamp - the turck - day the turck pass through a net of Spanish moss into the belly of a swamp . wink some day when I be go , you gonna be the last man in the bathtub . you have to learn how to feed you house . wink go to the edge of the turck and stick he hand in the water . 27 wink ( cont 'd ) now , stick you leave hand in this water , stick it in there . hushpuppy put she right hand in the water . wink ( cont 'd ) ok , what you do be you hold you hand steady and you just wait for you fish to come . you gotta ball you fist up , this be you punch hand . Ball you fist up in case you have to whack it when they come up . wink pull a catfish out with he bare hand . wink ( cont 'd ) whooooo yea ! whooo lord , look what we get . I gotcha . say " I gotcha ! " hushpuppy I gotcha ! wink slam the fish down on the floor of the turck and pin it . wink yea ! hold he down ! now , you hold it down like this , and whack he good with you fist . wink pin the fish and punch it in the face . wink ( cont 'd ) go ahead whack he ! you whack he good . hold he like that and whack he ! hushpuppy pin the fish . she try to whack it and it cut she . hushpuppy ow ! she hide she cut hand from wink . wink you ok ? that 's all a part of it . 28 hushpuppy wince in pain . wink ( cont 'd ) you wanna try it again ? hushpuppy shake she head no , try not to cry . wink ( cont 'd ) come on . one more time . int . edison be house - flooded - night hushpuppy have enclose herself under a table with a tablecloth on it . she 's draw on the floor with charcoal . something alive hit the roof and scurries across . we hear the entire house moan , or be it a distant roar ? hushpuppy daddy ? wink 's hack cough , which have get worse since last we hear it , fill the room . hushpuppy try to shake he awake . hushpuppy look through the gap in he shirt . on wink 's chest , surround he heart , a corrode spider web of purple bruise show through the skin , like varicose vein cover he entire heart . hushpuppy 's eye go wide with horror . ext . edison be house - night the beacon pulse on the distant horizon . hushpuppy mamma ? be that you ? the beacon do not respond . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) I have break everything . 29 ext . desert - day a cloud of dust circulate particle . the haze be blind . a distant rumbling grow . Dark shape tear through the haze in a deafen stampede . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) strong animal , they know when you heart be weak . that make they hungry and they start come . we see one at first , then more join rank around it . the auroch be charge in a pack . they be a biblical terror ; the horseman of the apocalypse . ext . lady jox bar - day the turck move through the cypress forest , sign be strewn everywhere point to Lady jo 's bar . it appear abandon . suddenly , the door squeak open . Walrus wince at the sunlight and pop a beer . he step out the door and splashes into the water . walrus Holy bowlegge Sarah ! wink hey partner ! hey Walrus ! wink pull in the turck and paddle to rescue the thrashing drunkard . they leverage Walrus aboard and lay he out on deck . walrus ( gaug he surroundings ) I musta pass out . wink start chuckle silently . his chuckle build to a laugh . int . lady jox bar - flooded - day they enter the bar , empty bottle , half eat crab , and general party debris be litter everywhere . 30 Little jo be sprawle on the floor under a table . be she dead or just waste ? wink Little jo! she awake with a start and bang she head on the table . little jo wink !? wink and Walrus run to help she up . little jo ( cont 'd ) ( to walrus ) you do not touch I you filthy bastard ! ( to wink ) wink , you get I . they both lift she . little jo ( cont 'd ) goin ' on all night `bout how tonight 's the last night on earth we gotta make it count . talkin ' dirty right in front of Peter T. walrus sorry Peter T. Peter T enter from the bathroom . wink Peter T , my man ! I know you be not gonna leave I man ! Peter T speak in he polite , level -headed , soft sweet voice . peter T oh no , oh no . walrus ( be : Peter T ) that be one classic dude right there . wink Peter T , you be a titan ! glad you stay man ! rhhaaaa ! 31 wink jiggle Peter T 's ample belly . Peter T giggle with glee . wink put one arm around Walrus and the other around Peter T. he smile to hushpuppy . she laugh too , the first smile in quite some day . int . lady jox bar - later that night the bathtub crew be lolling in the later party stage . there be a rooster on the table look like the most sober creature in the room by far . walrus if I have wing , I know I could have fly in that bad boy . but I would have probably bounce off a tree , or ... hushpuppy lay on the table in pile of empty crab shell . wink hushpuppy ! do I ever tell you the story of you conception ? the bar crowd chuckle . wink ( cont 'd ) when I and hushpuppy 's mamma first meet we be so shy , we use to sit around , and drink beer , and smile at each other . one day we be so shy we just nap ... wink 's voice fade down as hushpuppy 's fantasy take over . she close she eye . ext . fantasy hushpuppy's house - day wink , young and prettier , nap in a uncharacteristically colorful lawn chair . a low , gurgling growl wake he up . there in the yard , crawl slow and lazy , be a massive 15 - foot alligator , breathe the heavy , slutty way alligator breathe . 32 a topless woman step in front . sweat bead on she perfect shoulder blade , down she perfect , back end in a pair of boy ' underpant - just like hushpuppy 's . throughout hushpuppy 's vision , we never see marietta 's face , it 's always cover , shot from the back , or out of frame . marietta cock the shotgun with one hand , terminator 2 style . lower it on the gator ... blam . wink sit up in slow motion - she panty , and she long naked leg be cover with gator blood . she turn to wink , she head above frame . close up on she eye . she wink . int . fantasy hushpuppy's house - night we follow behind marietta 's supple curve as she walk into the kitchen . her white slip be almost see through ... almost . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) back when daddy use to talk about mamma , he would say she be so pretty she never even have to turn on the stove . she run she finger along the counter and the burner ignite one by one as she pass . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) she just walk into a room and water start to boil . Water start to bubbles like a spontaneous volcanic eruption . marietta reach into the frigidaire , and pull out two ice - cold beer . Ice melt down the bottle . she open they on the counter , flawlessly . she walk over to wink . stands there . a hot mess . wink 's voice fade up . 33 wink ( v.o . ) you momma batter that gator up , and set it to fry . CUT to : int . lady jox bar - night wink tip he drink . wink ... and hushpuppy pop into the universe maybe four minute later . he empty the glass , sufficiently drunk now . wink ( cont 'd ) I get it under control . wink look away , lose in he own fantasy . int . fantasy hushpuppy's house - night over marietta 's shoulder , bead of sweat form along the strap of she slip . good Lord . wink look , and meet she eye . the gaze of a proud and smitten man . grit fall through the chimney vent , into the boil water . Dancing like all the invisible particle of the universe . int . lady jox bar - night hushpuppy stare hard , she face lock in pride and determination . fill with all the strength and heroism of she long - lose mother . she 's ready to snap into action . ext . flooded bathtub - the turck - day energetic music drop and we move in a semi-montage through hushpuppy 's search for survivor . hushpuppy row the turck through the flood bathtub by herself . in the distance she see a lone horse . it stand on a tiny island of land , the last high ground in a endless stretch of water . 34 the horse hold hushpuppy 's gaze . she hear it 's strong , resilient heartbeat . they be one and the same . ext . schoolboat - the turck - day hushpuppy approach schoolboat , which have weathered the storm relatively intact . hushpuppy miss bathsheba !? int . schoolboat - day hushpuppy open the door . we hear rustling and whispering inside school . it 's three little girl leave behind in the storm . joy strong , a tall , wild - haire leader ; lizard , a tiny thing in a giant man 's tee shirt , and t- lou , the muscle of this girl gang , look very meek in she desperate condition . the girl be huddle against each other , terrify , hungry , and alone . ext . lady jox bar - day miss bathsheba , shell - shocked but steadfast , steer the boat toward the bar , the four girl now safely in she care . from the inside we hear carousing , toasting , and raucous cajun music . int . lady jox bar - flooded - night wink pour a mountain of crab and shrimp at a great communal table , assemble from many different table . wink come on let go ! time to eat ! come on child , feed up time ! he send a feast slide across the floor under the table , where Joy , t-lou , and lizard dig in . wink have decorate the bar with all the waterlogged relic of the bathtub . 35 the room be a shrine of people 's chair , umbrella , clothing . we be late in the game , and the party have descend into utter debauchery . Jean raise a glass . jean battiste to the last of the food ! walrus to the last of the water ! little jo you be not drinkin ' no water . miss bathsheba pour shot and toast . miss bathsheba yea , taste like more , alright ! hushpuppy struggle to peel she shrimp , sit on top of the table . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) for the one we would never find , we make a funeral the bathtub way , with no cry allow . drunken wink be give drunken Walrus a bath as he eat . walrus when the water go down , I be gonna french kiss the dirt ! miss bathsheba Water 's not goin ' down man . wink Nah , that 's my beautiful place under there . miss bathsheba man you know they get plenty of salt come into that water , everything beautiful be go . tree be gonna die first , then the animal , then the fish . wink I get it under control . 36 hushpuppy pick up a crab . she try to pound it open , try yanking on a leg . she can not shell it . jean battiste come on hushpuppy , come over here lemme show you how . hushpuppy sit down next to Jean , a good pupil . jean battiste ( cont 'd ) here baby . you hold like this , then you turn it over like that . hushpuppy follow instruction in deep concentration , but a bit tentative . we see wink look away from Walrus and jo 's bawdy humor extravaganza and focus in on hushpuppy . his disdain be palpable for this froufrou shelling technique . jean battiste ( cont 'd ) do not be scared of it now . now , you take this knife , and you pop this off . Jean hold hushpuppy 's hand and guide a knife to open the belly of the crab . jean battiste ( cont 'd ) Atta girl . wink no ! hushpuppy -- wink pound the table . and the party fall suddenly silent . wink push the utensil away . he grab a crab , open it in three virtuosic hand motion . grease and spice explode everywhere and wink suck the face of the crab clean . it be beautiful to watch . he slam a fresh crab in front of hushpuppy . wink ( cont 'd ) Beast it ! hushpuppy look to miss bathsheba for guidance . miss bathsheba you hear you daddy . Beast it . 37 hushpuppy pull on the crab shell with all she might . she do not have the power . everyone ( clapping along ) beast it ! beast it ! beast it ! the kid jump out from under the table and chant . hushpuppy be turn blue , she eye bulge with effort ... crack ! hushpuppy open the crab claw and suck down the meat . everyone go wild with applause ! the kid too ! hushpuppy stand up , ascend to the top of the table . she let loose a warrior cry and flexe she muscle , deadly triumphant . Little jo get so excited she start dance on the table . she cackle and jitterbugs wildly . Walrus get up to join she . Jean get up and dance too . all the kid get up . wink glow with pride . miss bathsheba smile . wink yea ! you see what kinda family we get ?! we get feel ! ext . schoolboat - flooded - various a drive score kick in as we montage through the transformation of the schoolboat into a ramshackle ark . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) it be not no time to sit around cry like a bunch of pussy . the survivor whittle stick into spear , bend metal debris into spike . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) we be gonna build a camp right on top of the bathtub . 38 Jean battiste , cackle wildly , haul a thrashing goat onto a float animal pen . Chicken coops , snake cage , a pig pen be stack precariously . hushpuppy we get enough animal to eat until the water go down . raft be lash to the side of the school . every float structure leave in town be haul in and add to the ark . Peter T tie on a float vegetable garden . in wide we see what look like a small village of float structure form . int . schoolboat - day miss bathsheba put lizard 's head in she lap , lizard be play as if she 's unconscious after hyperventilate . miss bathsheba ( teach a lesson ) come here , like this . she take hushpuppy 's hand and place it on lizard 's chest . she move she hand in a circular motion . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) like this . tee - Lou get some water . tee - Lou run to get a handful of water . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) Quick little circle . good for the heart . Joy strong ? Joy turn she back . miss bathsheba shake she head . tee - Lou return and pour water on lizard 's head , cool she . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) this be most important thing I can ever teach y'all . you get to take care of people that 's smaller and sweeter than you be . hushpuppy register this advice , take it to heart . she rub lizard 's chest with delicacy and affection . 39 lizard 's breathe return to normal , and she sit up peacefully . hushpuppy be awestruck . bathsheba get to she foot . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) that 's better . int . schoolhouse - night hushpuppy watch wink sleep . his breathe have get worse . she tiptoe up with she red basketball jersey and lay it down on wink , tucking he in just right . a distant rumbling be hear . cut off suddenly as we ... CUT to : ext . brazilian favellas - day a quiet town , not unlike the bathtub , but with tangle power - line , electrical tower , and layer hill . a stone fly from behind a house and bounce down the street , dent the silence . slowly , the peaceful morning transition into more rumbling , a distant crack . suddenly the house in the foreground explode to smithereen and the head of a auroch drive through it . without break step , auroch maraud the village , trample it into oblivion . we settle close on a auroch eye , emotionless and relentless in its calm . ext . bathtub marsh water - turck - morning wink , hushpuppy , and the bathtub crew pole the turck through a lake blankete with carcass , push through the dead fish , dead porpoise , dead alligator garfish like they be lily pad . there be no wind , only dense wet heat searing on the face of the character . the once green foliage have go brown and thirsty . 40 hushpuppy v.o. two week later , everything start to die . wink ( to the water ) come on fish , where y'at ? wink empty he net - nothing but a pile of carcass . he tip it back into the water . wink pull himself to the edge and stick he head under to look for fish . hushpuppy look at he with a air of doubt for the first time . wink look ridiculous , a dead fish drift off he head . hushpuppy ( whispering ) you wanna leave the bathtub , Walrus ? walrus ( without thought ) Nah . wink pull he head back up . wink I hear that . hushpuppy fidget guiltily . wink ( cont 'd ) nobody 's leave the bathtub ! you do not know nothing ! wink lower he net back in the water . wink ( cont 'd ) ( to walrus ) this water gonna kill we here . we gotta do something `bout this . I be not starvin ' to death while they people go grocery shopping up there . int . schoolboat - flooded - morning the kid sleep on miss bathsheba in a big pile on the floor . 41 hushpuppy wake hearing shifting and a SNAP behind she . Peter T be uncapping a shotgun shell and pour black powder into a small jar . she look out the window where Jean battiste be unhook a propane container from miss bathsheba 's burner . he open she chest freezer and heft out a 12 - foot garfish , drop the container in the water . jean battiste shit ! wink sneak up and whisper to hushpuppy . wink boss , daddy 's gotta take care of something . hushpuppy be instantly concerned , she 's hear this line before , and it always lead to trouble . wink ( cont 'd ) I be gonna fix everything back how it be . hushpuppy everything gonna go right back ? wink Hell yeah , we gonna win . wink pound he chest in solidarity . hushpuppy match he pound , but without confidence . wink ( cont 'd ) boss , anything go wrong , Walrus be daddy . wink and hushpuppy look Walrus -- the face of doddering drunken bewilderment . a goat lick he . hushpuppy be not comfort . wink ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be the king of the bathtub , I promise that . wink can see he 's get nowhere . 42 wink ( cont 'd ) just sit here I will be right back . the door close wake miss bathsheba up . she scan the room , notice the three miss people . walrus ( a unconvincing lie ) I think they be go . i- I really can not say where . miss bathsheba Walrus , do not make I slap you ass ! they go to the levee !? Walrus be intimidate into silence . miss bathsheba ( cont 'd ) you so much as piss on that wall , you know what they people gonna do ? they gonna smoke we out and stick we in a damn shelter . hushpuppy watch miss bathsheba go for she boat key . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) daddy say , brave man do not run from they home . hushpuppy scurries out the side window , escape outside before miss bathsheba see she . ext . under the turck tarp - day wink , Jean battiste , and Peter T keep they head above water as they float under the tarp behind the truck bed . Peter T be wear a life jacket and still have he top hat on . wink ( whispering ) Peter T , do not hold onto I , hold onto the boat . you gonna be fine . Jean battiste duct tape firework around the bomb : a propane tank with a igniter make from a battery and a pouch of black powder . he insert the bomb into the stomach cavity of a giant garfish carcass . 43 wink shove two propane tank inside the belly of the garfish . he hand a rope attach to the igniter to Peter T. wink ( cont 'd ) Peter T , you hold the trip-line . peter T ( Soft and sweet ) ok then . wink just do not pull `til I say . peter T ok then . wink you can do it . I have complete faith in you . peter T ok . Jean battiste be hesitant . wink give Jean battiste a confident nod . jean battiste lock and load . Jean battiste carefully unravel the string that lead to the fuse . he shove the igniter down the mouth of the garfish . ext . levee wall , in the water - day the turck pull into a enclose segment of the levee , wink bob out from under the turck and latch a pre-make tether run out of the garfish to a handle on the wall . he bob back under the boat . ext . schoolboat - day hushpuppy dive under the fishing net on a motor boat just before miss bathsheba charge outside and key the ignition . hushpuppy peek out and the boat roar to life and rip across the water . 44 hushpuppy ( v.o. ) the entire universe depend on everything fitting together just right . if you can fix the break piece , it can all go right back . int . under the turck tarp / santa maria - day wink Peter T hand I the - he look , Peter T have both hand on the turck . wink ( cont 'd ) Peter you do not drop the trip - line ? peter T no I do not . Peter T think a moment . peter T ( cont 'd ) oh , yes I do . jean battiste oh , Peter T. peter T I be sorry . wink dunk under water . ext . levee - day wink surface in front of the igniter rope . as he grab the rope , bathsheba 's snake catcher snare he hand and pull he arm against the side of she jon boat . miss bathsheba here 's how we do with wild animal . wink ahh ! get off I woman ! I be try to save the bathtub hushpuppy watch the struggle in hide . 45 bathsheba wrench the rope out of wink 's hand and chuck it . the igniter rope land in front of hushpuppy under the net pile . she grab it . she reel it in . miss bathsheba get in the Boat ! I be haul you be ass back home , little boy . Jean battiste swim out of hide . jean battiste wink !? wink Jean battiste , get the trip line ! suddenly , hushpuppy pop out from under the net , hold the rope teach . she stumble and almost set if off by accident . miss bathsheba hushpuppy !? jean battiste she get it ! pull ! pull ! wink now boss ! miss bathsheba no! hushpuppy ! hushpuppy , contemplate in a eerie peace . the scream chorus fade and she be alone in she quiet , eye darting between bathsheba and wink . courage and certainly clench inside she she . you listen to you daddy . she pull the rope . ext . levee wall in the water - day the trip -line release the detonator . ext . levee - NORTH side - day the levee detonate . shatter wood and cement fire towards camera . 46 debris propel hushpuppy backwards . her quiet resume as she land on the deck of the boat in slow motion . she watch in a daze as smoke , water , and flame dust cycle above she . all the beauty of the universe . ext . floodplain - the bathtub - day Water recede in the bathtub , revealing the tragic , mud - soak remnant of they paradise . hushpuppy slog through the muck , each step go two foot down into the stinking filth . the crew trudge behind she in silence . ext . ark wreckage - day the blow - up crew crest a hill and see the remain of the ark sprawle across a open field . wink 's and hushpuppy 's eye well up as they behold the state of they island . the water have drain . everything be dead . more strike than the rip - up house , the land surround the island have disappear . tree be go . shard of marsh that have be attach float in the distance . what be a dense , green landscape be barren . the bathtub be a scorched hell . ext . shacko in the backo - post -flood - evening hushpuppy pick through the rubble of the shacko in the backo . she find they grill , and a window make from a dryer door and bring they to wink . the shacko have crash land under the stilt of a house that 's be entirely wash away . wink have do some work reassembling the wall and break part into a semi - functional enclosure . ext . shacko in the backo - post -flood - later that night hushpuppy find nail and bring they to wink , who lean wall panel against the stilt from the previous house . 47 he hammer nail wearily . his strength be sap . he hack out bile . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) it do not matter that the water be go . sometimes , you can break something so bad , that it can not get put back together . int . / ext . shacko in the backo - post flood - evening hushpuppy climb the stair of the original house to get to the top of the shacko . she look down through the hole in the floor . in she Pov wink climb into bed , he painfully take he shirt off . the bruise on he chest have extend all the way across he stomach . hushpuppy look out on the water for some sign that marietta 's still with she . the light shine on the water be off . she see nothing but dead tree and a defunct oil rig . hushpuppy mamma !? nothing . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) mamma where you at !? as if in response , we hear a helicopter loudspeaker . pilot this be a mandatory evacuation area , you can no longer live here . everyone in this area , have to leave . I repeat .... ext . dead forest - morning hushpuppy wade through the muck in what use to be a lush forest , now reduce to toothpick tree and mud . she find she storage unit in the tree hollow , and lift out the medicine jar . 48 hushpuppy ( v.o. ) when you be small , you gotta fix what you can . int . shacko in the backo - post flood - night she pour the crush up root into wink 's mouth , careful not to disturb he . wink doo not move . hushpuppy gently fold in the orange fungus . quiet , quiet -- wink guuaaahh ! wink spew up a explosive cloud of medicine . wink ( cont 'd ) God damn ! wink grab she medicine jar and threaten she with it . wink ( cont 'd ) what you do !? he smashes it against the wall . wink ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's wrong with you ! hushpuppy be so upset she do not know what to do . she scream in anger . hushpuppy raaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh ! rage , hushpuppy break everything she can get she hand on , ruin everything wink 's reassemble , tipping shelf , pan , wall . she grab a fishing pole and start bashing wink 's grill over and over . wink you wanna throw thing ? come on ! I can do that too . you want to play that game ? let 's throw stuff ! wink join in , break stuff too , channele all he anger into the destruction . wink throw himself into the wall . it break off and dump a series of shelf all over the floor . 49 hushpuppy can not believe it . suddenly it 's cathartic , they start throw object at each other and laugh . wink ( cont 'd ) come on ! come on ! wink peg she in the face with a stuff animal and she grin . hushpuppy throw a pillow ! wink ( cont 'd ) aaaah !!! come on ! come on ! hushpuppy throw a shoe . wink ( cont 'd ) aaaaahhhhh !!!!! yeah !! come on ! hushpuppy and wink destroy everything in the house . something go off in wink chest . he grab he heart and collapse on the floor . hushpuppy realize something 's not right . she throw a life - jacket at she father . wink continue to force a smile at she . hushpuppy will not return the smile . hushpuppy man . you think I do not know . hushpuppy 's bottom lip start quivering . wink 's smile disappear . wink hey . no cry . do not you cry man . do not you cry ! he threaten she with a shoe . hushpuppy hide behind a overturn chest . wink ( cont 'd ) hey ! do not cry damn it ! wink hang he head and catch he breath against the wall . 50 wink ( cont 'd ) shit . he pull himself to he foot and grab a bottle of moonshine . he set up two cup on the table . wink ( cont 'd ) come on get a drink . wink pour hushpuppy a shot . hushpuppy sip . wince . look suspiciously at she father . sip again . wink take one straight from the bottle . wink ( cont 'd ) this count as I be sorry for a whole buncha thing . Lord . hushpuppy you gonna be go ? wink what ? no ! hushpuppy you gonna leave I alone ? wink I be not go ' leave nothing . hushpuppy Cause if you be go , I be go too . wink hushpuppy , that be not how it work . hushpuppy I will . sometimes in the bed I start shaking and can not stop . I get what you get . wink no man . that 's just a side effect of be a stupid little girl . 51 hushpuppy I be not gonna be dead ? wink no. you ? no ! you gonna live a hundred year more . you know what , show I the gun . hushpuppy shove wink . wink ( cont 'd ) show I they gun man . wink clear everything off the table with one sweep . wink ( cont 'd ) show I the gun ! gun ! gun ! gun ! gun ! gun ! hushpuppy flexe she biceps . she begin to chant , fierce and triumphant -- hushpuppy gun ! gun ! gun ! gun !..... wink ( overlapping ) gun man , give to I ! gun ! gun ! wink hold up he hand to arm -wrestle . they scream in tandem as hushpuppy pin he hard . wink ( cont 'd ) ooooo , hushpuppy you the man . who the man ? hushpuppy I be the man . wink who the man !? hushpuppy I be the man ! wink tell I louder who the man !!!! hushpuppy I be the man !!!!!!! 52 wink you the man , right ?! wink be overcome with love . it 's too much for he to bear . wink ( cont 'd ) fuck this table ! in a violent euphoria , wink grab the table and hurl it across the room . this scare hushpuppy . she stare silently at she wild animal father , long for something more than rage . wink take a step toward like he 's go to comfort she , then stop , turn back . wink ( cont 'd ) I gotta lay down hear ? I gotta be strong . do not be scared . wink lay down in the corner . hushpuppy do not go to bed , she just stand there . wink ( cont 'd ) what ? hushpuppy wait , not back down . wink ( cont 'd ) ( giving in ) come here . hushpuppy go to wink . wink ( cont 'd ) Lay down . wink pat he heart for she to put she head down on it . a long beat . wink ( cont 'd ) hey . hushpuppy yea ? wink you be not the one who 's sick . 53 she listen to he big huge heart . ext . wet sand muck expanse - day the auroch move into a desolate , barren , wasteland , look exhaust and starve . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) strong animal get no mercy . cold wind blow they backwards . a old auroch fall behind the pack . its leg give out and it lay down . it 's not go to make it . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) they the type of animal that eat they own mommas and daddy . CUT to : the auroch cannibalize they fall comrade , rip skin and organ in a storm of flesh and gore . the cry of the scream mother melt together with another , sound , more mechanical ... int . / ext . shacko in the backo - post flood - morning the SOUND become recognizable as a helicopter propeller . hushpuppy open she eye , still tuck in wink 's arm . through the wall she see four well-dressed man . they be out of place like alien exite they space ship . she rouse wink , he hear the foreign sounding voice and yank hushpuppy up . he instinctively pull he and hushpuppy behind the over- turn table and grab a break chair leg to defend they with . evacuator ( o.s. ) ( from outside the door ) this be a mandatory evacuation area . everyone in this region have to leave . wink hurl the chair leg at the intruder as they try to enter . 54 wink we be not go nowhere ! hushpuppy grab a chair leg as well . it 's a standoff . int . lady jox house - post flood - morning Three evacuation worker ram the door of Little jo 's house . Little jo greet the intruder brandish a cut knife and civil war era pistol . little jo you gonna have to shoot I cause I be not go . evacuator 2 ma 'am we be not gonna shoot you . little jo I be not never leave here and I will not never will . she spit . they get closer . little jo ( cont 'd ) Son , do not make I cancel you birth certificate . the muscle grab she by the weapon and in the struggle , slam she to the ground . it 's horrible . evacuator 2 relax , relax mar 'am . little jo you son of a bitch ! they drag Little jo out of the house . int . shacko in the backo - morning match CUT to wink and hushpuppy pin and be drag out . wink get you hand off of she ! I be gonna kill you ! let she go ! 55 ext . refugee camp - day crash CUT to a off-white monolithic community center surround by a cement parking lot . stress , amateur look doctor from the real world move in and out of the glass door . a makeshift sign read " open arm Processing Center . " int . refugee camp - cot - day the interior of the refugee camp be violently , fluorescent - light and paint white in a attempt to maintain a facade of sterility . hushpuppy stare at the strange and modern ceiling like they have descend from another planet . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) it do not look like a prison , it look like a fish tank with no water . the bathtub resident walk through the gymnasium which have be convert into a hold tank / hospital for refugee . Student doctor be examine , treat , feed people . the abandon soul , the sick , and the old be line up wait for assistance . int . refugee camp - kitchen - day a process egg patty jiggle weirdly as it hit hushpuppy 's tray . wink do not eat that . dr . maloney , a clean -cut , over - extend handsome young doctor hustle toward the lunch line . dr . maloney Mr. doucet , can I have a word with you , we find something in you test . it 's - wink whoa whoa whoa , not in front of my kid . stay , hushpuppy . 56 wink pull maloney out of earshot . dr . maloney Mr. doucet , there 's no easy way to say this ... hushpuppy struggle to hear more , only a couple word come through the din of refugee . dr . maloney ( cont 'd ) ... require surgery immediately ... you need to think about what you want for you daughter ... you could die . in hushpuppy 's Pov : maloney put a sympathetic hand on wink 's shoulder and wink push it off violently . maloney put up he hand in peace and wink shove he through one of the curtain and be assault by a flood of orderly . wink I do not need nothing from you ! you keep you hand off she ! I do not need nothing from y'all ! let I go ! hushpuppy be snatch as she fight to come to he rescue . hushpuppy daddy ! they tackle wink to the ground . he go limp as he fall . int . refugee camp - cot - day we track with wink as he come to consciousness roll through the cot . he be sedate and be push in a wheelchair . he look through a open door . in wink 's Pov - Joy , tee - Lou , lizard , and the rest of bathsheba 's original school class play in a room with a babysitter . she tickle hushpuppy , who have be give new clothes and look like a normal little girl for the first time . her boot and boy underpant have be trade for a delicate blue dress . the image be jarring . 57 babysitter hushpuppy need a hug . hushpuppy I do not want you hug ! the babysitter squeeze hushpuppy . hushpuppy try to squirm away . babysitter hushpuppy , that 's not how nice girl act . say " I be sorry mar 'am . " hey ! say it . say it or you be go to corner time . hushpuppy 's eye meet wink 's and she freeze at he horrifying appearance . wink grab a sofa try to stop the wheelchair as it roll by . his finger slip off , too weak to hold on . he try to scream and nothing but a sedate moan come out of he mouth . he try to pull the tube out of he arm . orderly ( gently move wink 's hand away ) there there , sir . hushpuppy stare in shock as wink be wheeled away . int . refugee camp - wink be room - night hushpuppy watch in hide as a hand cover in a rubber glove change the bandage on a surgical scar ; it look infect and mishandle . the same hand put pill in wink 's mouth . int . refugee camp - terminal ward - day hushpuppy stand over a old man on a artificial respirator . she 's creep closer , examine he . she put she head on he chest . his heart be beat . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) when a animal get sick here , they plug it into the wall . she whisper in he ear . 58 hushpuppy they be come for you . int . refugee camp - terminal ward - a different bed - day she repeat the process with another vegetable . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) daddy say , if he ever get so old he could not drink beer , or catch catfish , that I have to put he in a boat , and set he on fire , so no one could come plug he into the wall . int . refugee camp - wink be room - night hushpuppy peek through the curtain at another terminal bed . she see two orderly force pill into wink 's mouth . he 's regain he strength and be able to hold they off momentarily before submit , and go limp . hushpuppy bolt , unable to take it . we stay in the room as the orderly walk away . wink peek to make sure they be go , then spit he pill on the floor . wink stare at the ceiling for a long beat . then , with a burst of energy he grab he morphine drip and topple himself onto the floor . he pull he wire out . int . refugee camp - kid be room - morning hushpuppy lie asleep in a pile with tee - Lou , lizard , and Joy . wink enter and jostle she awake . wink boss . let 's go . hushpuppy where we goin ' ? 59 int . refugee camp - hallway - continuous wink and the girl hustle to the entrance of the refugee center . Walrus come run down the hall , push Peter T on a gurney . wink look bewilder , the rest of the team seem to have they own plan afoot . int . refugee camp - cot - morning Jean battiste and Little jo charge through the cot riling refugee into revolt as the orderly chase they try to maintain decorum . jean battiste go home ! everybody get up ! do not you want to go home ? let go ! this people do not care about you ! Little jo fight off a orderly with a syringe . little jo you live in this hell hole ! int / ext . refugee camp - evacuation bus - day wink run the kid toward the bus , they pass two buss label for Salt Lake City , Des Moines . wink help Joy , tee -lou , and lizard get on . then hushpuppy . suddenly wink 's hand slip out of hushpuppy 's . he step away from the evacuate bus . hushpuppy turn and the bus door slam between they . wink ( from outside the door ) make sure you put she somewhere good ok ? wink sag . he 's give she away . he turn to leave .. hushpuppy ( bang on the door ) no ! I be not run ! no ! 60 wink walk away from the bus , he chest heaving , he face clutch in the horror of what he 's do . behind he , the bus pull forward , then veer violently . hushpuppy charge the driver claw at she face , punch and kick . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) let I go ! the driver pull the break and hushpuppy bang the door open . she charge wink from behind , give he a diving shove . he topple over . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) you try to get rid of I ! you try to get rid of I ! wink no ! hushpuppy why you try to get rid of I ? wink I be not try to get rid of you . hushpuppy you be . wink no. hushpuppy ... I can not take care of you no more . hushpuppy yes you can . hushpuppy stare he down , accuse . wink daddy 's die ! hushpuppy 's chest heave up and down . wink ( cont 'd ) my blood be eat itself . you know what that mean ? 61 hushpuppy do not be sayin ' about die . wink everybody 's daddy die . hushpuppy not my daddy . wink yes , you daddy ! her defiance be break and the information start to sink in . it hurt wink as much as it hurt she . wink ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to watch that , ok ? you understand ? wink double over hack . he cough horribly . hushpuppy look down and see blood spot the grass , drip from he mouth . the bathtub gang charge out the door ! across the parking lot they go in a spree of euphoria , come to a halt around wink . hushpuppy be try to drag he limp body across the parking lot . hushpuppy come on ! come on ! Little jo hold hushpuppy away from he . wink Walrus , get I home . ext . lafourche road - day the bathtub crew carry wink through the entrance to town . his arm slug over Walrus and Jean battiste , he 's barely able to help walk . we sense from the weary face and silent eye that it 's be a long journey home . 62 int . / ext . shacko in the backo - day they drag wink through the shacko entrance . everyone go in except hushpuppy who stop outside the door as they lay he down in convulsion . she stay and try to watch . wink try to say something to Walrus and can not . blood bubbles out of he mouth . wink catch hushpuppy 's eye then look away as fast as he can . reeling , but steady , hushpuppy back out the door . ext . lafourche road - day hushpuppy walk down the road in a almost eerie state of calm . she take in the remnant of rusting house and flip boat , she lifeless ghost town . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) everybody loose the thing that make they , it 's even how it 's suppose to be in nature . ext . lava ridge - day now with she three friend , she tip-to past several humongous footprint up to a gruesome fox carcass . something gigantic have rip open its stomach and gut it . she lean over , unafraid , try to understand it 's meaning . fly swarm and nibble , they movement almost elegant . see in close up , the gory mess have a strange beauty to it . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) the brave man stay and watch it happen . they do not run . a sonic boom spring she upright , she look around for the source of the sound . be it a auroch ? she look towards the muddy bayou . the sonic boom sound again and the entire body of water quiver with the impact . ext . dardar ridge - evening the beacon blink out on the water . 63 hushpuppy stare towards it . the child be gather behind she . something have change in she eye . the eerie calm have give way to a harden determination . though unclear to we , she internal path of action be certain . she take a deep breath , and let out a warrior cry . she run straight into the water with she girl gang charge behind she . ext . gulf of mexico - evening Joy , tee -lou , lizard , and hushpuppy swim through open water , pull each other forward . they head in the direction of the beacon . hushpuppy come on ! keep go ! they try to kick toward the light but be get nowhere , the current pull they backwards . we hear a boat horn and they look to where a ancient tug boat with a cabin that tower into the sky like a giraffe head , appear through the mist . ext . gulf of mexico - sergeant major be boat - evening the girl climb aboard , lift each other onto the deck . they look up to the sound of footstep on the upper deck . hushpuppy look up to see sergeant major ( 60 ) - a big , timeless look man with a salt and pepper moustache , saunter up to the rail . he stare down , examine this runt with a air of suspicion . hushpuppy I be go by my mamma . he smile broadly , as if this be the secret password . him and hushpuppy stare at each other and immediately there be understanding . two lose soul in the wilderness . sergeant major that 's a good place to go . 64 ext . gulf of mexico - sergeant major be boat - evening hushpuppy sit adjacent to the sergeant in the tug 's elevate wheelhouse . they be two storey up , and the white wall create a glow that make we feel like we be almost in another dimension . hushpuppy which way be we go ? sergeant major do not matter baby , this boat ' will take you exactly where you need to be . it 's just that type of boat . hushpuppy and sergeant Major share a ease unlike anyone else we have see hushpuppy interacted with . the speak like a old teacher with he favorite disciple . they let they silence last . sergeant major ( cont 'd ) you want a chicken biscuit ? hushpuppy shake she head `no ' . sergeant major ( cont 'd ) they be good for you . a deep , far away melancholy settles over he . he munch on a chicken biscuit , then toss the wrapper on the floor . the wheelhouse be wall to wall with chicken biscuit wrapper . sergeant major ( cont 'd ) I be eat this all my life . I keep the wrapper in the boat , `cause they remind I who I be when I eat each one . the smell make I feel cohesive . hushpuppy I wanna be cohesive . sergeant major oh you will be , I get no doubt in my mind . they let this think settle , then hushpuppy turn she swivel chair back toward the water 65 the beacon appear through the mist . hushpuppy 's eye go wide . as they approach , another boat come into view . a half - sink barge that look as though its be rusting in the same position for a century . as we move in we see a light up sign : " elysian field float catfish shack girl girl girl . " ext . / int . elysian field - entrance - evening hushpuppy , Joy , tee -lou , and lizard disembark onto the barge with sergeant Major follow behind . they circle around a hatch in the floor with light pulsing out of it . far-away jazz echoe up from the bowel of the ship . they look to each other in wonder . int . elysian field - dance floor - night hushpuppy descend a ladder into a glimmer wonderland . Christmas light swallow the ceiling , and a light smoke facade encompass everything . we feel like we be look at a portal into the past , a belloq -esque turn New Orleans Jazz parlor . the regular be all oil - worker woo they lady of the night . there be a stage with a dj and two singer , karaokeing along with " until the Real thing come along " by fat waller . the hyperactive miss frankie , the matriarch of this establishment , come a'hoppin' . miss frankie Holy crap you have toddler ! sergeant major good afternoon , miss frankie . miss frankie well butter my butt and call I a biscuit ! how you , sergeant Major ? you need some grit ? sergeant major yes mar 'am . 66 miss frankie Holy sugar , they be so precious ! y'all just as cute as a tub of puppy ! woman descend on the kid who recoil , not know what to do with all this affection . Joy strong put up she fist . hushpuppy push through the crowd nonpluss by the flurry of dote lady . they be not who she be look for . they be not who she be look for . she scan picture of stripper through the age paste up all over the ceiling , each of they with a bra hang on it , none of they right . bar patron nod and tip they glass to she as she pass , lady smile and return to they drink , drunk flirtatious dancer giggle at she , but she remain unfaze . she reach two swinging door that lead to the kitchen . hushpuppy stop . sniff . Heaven . slow motion : in hushpuppy 's Pov , smoke curl through the swinging door , the light illuminate the dust particle . it 's a magic kitchen . her Pov tilt down to the floor where a pair of well - pedicure foot in flip - flop walk towards the swinging door . they open . hushpuppy hold she breath . a gorgeous cook ( 35 ) wear a baseball cap and a apron come out the double door . she wipe some sweat off she brow . she watch the band and kill a bottle of ice- cold beer . the cook look down . see hushpuppy . cook you need something baby ? hushpuppy nod , hold she breath . she still can not speak . cook ( cont 'd ) well whatchu want ? you alone ? hushpuppy shrug . she 's too stunne , too shy to speak . 67 the cook take stock of the helpless creature in front of she . like a butcher shop owner with a pesky hungry puppy , she submit to hushpuppy 's long gaze . cook ( cont 'd ) get in here , I be will show you a magic trick . hushpuppy follow she into the magic kitchen , knock she head against the swinging door on she way in . int . elysian field - kitchen with the smooth fanfare of a circus performer , the cook lift a egg , open a beer bottle with she tooth , spit the cap at the egg and it crack over the grit . hushpuppy 's face be joy beyond all measure . she watch the cook 's fly hand , she prepare everything in a single motion , it 's like a dance . she slap a fresh alligator tail on the table and begin saw through the scale . cook lemme tell you somethin' , when you be a child people tell you that everything 's gonna be all hunky - dory and all that bullshit , but I be here to tell you that it 's not . so get that out you head right now . she remove the knife from the gator and aim it at hushpuppy like its a pointer . cook ( cont 'd ) life 's some big old feast , yeah , but you ? you be not nothin ' but a stupid little waitress . she scale a gator , strip the bone , dredge , fries . cook ( cont 'd ) everything you get on you platter gonna fall on the floor and be not nobody gonna be there to pick it up for you . someday it 's all gonna be on you . 68 she stir the grit . grit on plate . gator on plate . plate in front of hushpuppy . lemon be squeeze all over everything . cook ( cont 'd ) so smile , girl . hushpuppy try to crack a grin . she barely remember how to smile and it come out all wrong . the cook shake she head , open another beer on she tooth , and head for the pantry . cook ( cont 'd ) nobody like a pity - party -having - ass -woman . hushpuppy stay behind stare into the float particle of dust in the incandescent light -- star of the universe . the golden bubbling fry pot -- lava of the molten core . int . elysian field - kitchen - later that night four perfect gator nugget be place next to a sumptuous dollop of grit . cook the gator 's magic . hushpuppy look up from she food-hypnosis . cook ( cont 'd ) ( encourage a smile ) awwwwwwwww . a real smile emerge across hushpuppy 's face . cook ( cont 'd ) mmm-hmm . int . elysian field - dance floor - night Magic soar as the couple rock back and forth on the dance floor . stripper cradle they date . it 's all very sweet and tender . this seem to be the m.o of this strip club , slow - dance not pole - dance . the kid be each dance with a stripper , glow with love . they be orphan in a heaven of mother . 69 we float back to hushpuppy , the camera dance with she and the cook . the cook squeeze hushpuppy and spin she . each time we catch they face they eye be wetter and wetter . hushpuppy you can take care of I . I and daddy . after a long beat . the cook shake she head `no . ' cook I do not know nothing bout you daddy , I can not take care of nobody but myself . this sink into hushpuppy . cook ( cont 'd ) you can stay if you want . hushpuppy consider this for a moment , squeeze the cook . hushpuppy this be my favorite thing . cook I know . a far-away look have come over she . her mind be somewhere else . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) I can count all the time I have be lift . int . hushpuppy's house - dimly lit room - day we look up at a face that 's slowly come into focus - it 's wink , young and healthier . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) I can count all the time I have be lift on two finger . 70 he be the first sight of the slimy newborn baby girl tuck in he arm . baby hushpuppy stare up at he as he carry she . woman' voice ( o.s ) wink ! bring my baby here ! they need to wash she off . wink naw , that wait . baby hushpuppy 's huge -ey , warpe facial expression ogle wink . she coo . wink ( cont 'd ) ( to hushpuppy ) alright fatso , breathe some air . they pass through a doorway and sun wash over baby hushpuppy . she smile and smile at the world . int . elysian field - dancefloor - night back in reality hushpuppy gather herself . she 's suddenly not hugging back , just be hold . hushpuppy I need to go home . cook ( whispered ) no . hushpuppy cup she hand to the cook 's ear and whisper something inaudible . the cook squeeze she tight , seem on the verge of adopt she . but she can not . she spin hushpuppy around and around , then put she down withouth meeting she gaze . hushpuppy watch she disappear into the crowd of sway couple . all go quiet , and we sit behind hushpuppy 's head , a sea of light like a crown around she . music swell . decisively , with the force of a charge general , hushpuppy turn and run toward camera . 71 ext . dead oak ridge - day match CUT to hushpuppy lead Joy , tee -lou , and lizard across a ridge dot with Dead oak tree , she 's come back to the bathtub . ext . dead oak ridge - water - day the camera move over the water , past the dead oak . we turn the corner past a stretch of marsh , and come upon the auroch , four of they , now suddenly and viscerally in the landscape of the bathtub , swim steadily toward solid land . int . shacko in the backo - day the bathtub crew sit by wink 's bed . his eye be open , but everyone be silently wait for the inevitable . ext . ark wreckage - day the child crest the ridge . the rumble of auroch hoof be suddenly and violently audible . hushpuppy turn . she catch a glimpsis of something massive move behind the distant oak . the kid turn and hustle down the ridge . hushpuppy , Joy , tee -lou , and lizard hustle down hill with increase urgency . the distant trampling be grow louder . behind hushpuppy the dark shape of the auroch crest the ridge in a deafen stampede . Joy , tee -lou , and lizard scream and sprint out in front of hushpuppy . hushpuppy walk steadily forward , refuse to run . her face lock with determination , she be unafraid . her eye shoot toward the shacko . ext . shacko in the backo - day wink , with all he strength look toward hushpuppy , they eye meet . 72 in wink 's Pov , hushpuppy stop dead on the bridge , wait for she fate , stare toward she father . ext . ark wreckage - day the auroch bear down on hushpuppy from behind , they footstep rattling the frame . they grow inconceivably large , the camera have to tilt to hold the frame . hushpuppy ball she fist and stand she ground . suddenly , she turn . the auroch roar . then , inch away from hushpuppy , she stop . she snort , blow hushpuppy 's hair back . hushpuppy do not flinch . the auroch stare face to face with hushpuppy . sniff . ext . shacko in the backo - day wink be freeze in wonder , unable to believe he eye . ext . ark wreckage - day hushpuppy raise she chin in confident defiance . now in full profile , we see the auroch tower 15 - foot tall , she take a step forward , sniff again . a low snort , or be it a purr ? the auroch lower she head with respect . her eye well with emotion , recognize one of she own . a ferocious warrior . the auroch step back , take a knee , and with a belly flop that rattles the very earth , she lay down . her three companion follow suit , they fat tummy settling into a almost joyful , lazy , repass . a strange calm have settle over hushpuppy . almost a smile , but more of a peace and a affection for she equal . they be both child in they way . hushpuppy you be my friend , kind of . 73 mother auroch grunt , a sentence only hushpuppy can understand . hushpuppy ( cont 'd ) I gotta take care of mine . with weary and clumsy step , the auroch stand and retreat . ext . shacko in the backo - day hushpuppy approach the shacko . it 's like walk the plank , but she 's unafraid , at one with she destiny . the bathtub crew look on she in awe . they part way to let she pass . she reach the door , steeling she reserve . hushpuppy open the door . int . shacko in the backo - day wink be curl up on hushpuppy 's bed -- very , very thin . his eye be close . his chest heave up and down in short violent breath . hushpuppy stand and stare . wink look at hushpuppy in reverence . he know it 's the last time . wink motion for she to come closer . hushpuppy inch toward he . it take all of she might . she sit on he bed . hushpuppy take she to - go container from elysian field out of a paper bag and pop it . she unwrap a gator nugget , dip it in hot sauce , and hold it out for wink to take a bite . hushpuppy watch as wink chew weakly . she eat one herself . wink and hushpuppy draw it out . they do not want it to end . it take a full minute for he to swallow the first bite , and she pace herself to finish when he do . wink ( barely audible ) Real good . 74 wink 's chest heave up and down , harder and harder . a tear roll down he face . wink ( cont 'd ) ( choking up ) no cry , you hear ? she hold they back , be tough for she daddy . hushpuppy no cry . hushpuppy 's face harden , and even as the tear fall , we see a strength and composure that only wink could have put there . she fall into he arm and he embrace she . hushpuppy squeeze wink . she do not let go . she stay strong . wink 's hand tremble on she back . she hold he as he deep , warm , heartbeat slow , slow , and stop . his weight slump over she . she keep on hold he , but she know . ext . graveyard by the water - day steadfast , hushpuppy hold a torch on the edge of the bathtub . the turck , pile with branch , float in front of she . she lower the flame and light a cloth cover wink 's body aflame . she push the funeral pyre out into the current . we watch the boat flame drift into the foreground , cover hushpuppy face with flame . she look into they in all she grief and wisdom . the group begin a funeral prayer , play quiet in the background as hushpuppy contemplate the pyre . peter T as I stand by the bayou , everyone else join he . everyone a ship at my side start she motor and sail for the gulf . I watch she until she disappear . " there ! ( more ) 75 everyone ( cont 'd ) she 's go ! " go where ? go from my eye , that 's all . she 's just as big as when she leave I . and somewhere else , other voice be call out , " here she come ! " and that be die . they raise they drink to the sky and shout in unison . everyone ( cont 'd ) here ! she ! come ! hushpuppy gaze into the spark leaping off the top of the fire be foregrounded in front of hushpuppy , particle of wink jump into the sky . horn enter , dron low , and building into a funeral dirge . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) when I relax behind my eye I see everything that make I fly around in invisible piece . when I look too hard it go away , but when it all go quiet , I see they be right here . the turck almost disappear over the horizon . the horn take a hopeful turn , the melancholy of the dirge mixing with the anthem of the bathtub . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) I see that I be a little piece of a big , big universe , and that make thing right . hushpuppy stand tiny on the ledge of the Earth , frame in front of a expanse of endless water . ext . causeway - post -flood - day the bathtub gang march across the marsh road . hand touch the town sign , say goodbye . hushpuppy ( v.o. ) when I die , the scientist of the future , they gonna find it all . they gonna know , once there be a hushpuppy , and she live with she daddy in the bathtub . 76 we CUT wide to reveal that the water be rise and wash over the road . we heroes be march on the final sliver of land . the camera fly backwards , and we view of the road disappear into mist and churn wave . they appear to be walk on water . hushpuppy lead they forward , into the future . CUT to black .