" beautiful Girls " by Scott rosenberg 8 January , 1995 '' when you can fall for chain of silver you can fall for chain of gold you can fall for pretty stranger and the promise they hold . you promise I everything you promise I thick and thin now you just say : oh , Romeo , yeah , you know I use to have a scene with he ... -- dire Straits fade in : a snow plow as it barrel its way down a heavily snow - under street ... ext . residential STREET - knight 's ridge , ma - night the snow continue to fall . picture - postcard perfect . knight 's Ridge be a sleepy little bedroom community some 30 mile to the west of Boston ... the plow be a Fisher 8 - foot power angle and it be attach to a 1986 gmc k - 2500 3 / 4 ton pick - up truck with " rowan landscape & contracting " stencill on the door ... at the wheel be tommy " birdman " rowan 28 . blond and stocky . former coolest kid in high school . at one time , he command the night brigade . now he plow . he roll with kev 29 . apple-pie face . the thick Wade bogg moustache do no good - kev still look 10 year young than he really be . kev be copperfield to birdman 's J. steerforth ... kev hop from the truck and begin to shovel the walk , as birdman plow the driveway of ext . tudor house - night a beautiful house . Christmas light still dangle ... birdman plow with great care ... he leave no crumb ... he study the window of the tudor , look for sign of life ... they finish quickly ... kev hop back into the truck . he pick up a clipboard , cross off one last name . kev that 's it -- birdman nod . he look back at the house . sigh , put the truck in reverse . as it skirt the end of the driveway , a outside light flick on ... a hint of a smile cross birdman 's face . it be not lose on kev , who snort ... kev ( cont . ) aw , shit -- the tudor 's front door open ... a little girl , kristen , 3 , bundle up good , trudge out of the house , carry two pewter mug of coffee ... she walk precariously , balance the mug , negotiate she way across kev 's freshly - clear walkway ... birdman open the truck door ... leans down to the little girl and take the coffee ... birdman thanks , Kristen . how be you tonight ? Kristen merely stare at he . her expression a admixture of terror and confusion ... birdman hand kev a mug . kev slurp at it ... frown . kev no ' buca -- birdman do not hear he . for the front door have open again . to Kristen 's mother . birdman watch as darian small 28 , in ski parka , legging and timberland , walk to the truck . blonde hair pp . Black eye , darian have about she the melancholy air of a Thomas hardy heroine ... darian hey -- birdman hey -- beat. kev what 's the matter , darian ? no Zambuca this time -- ? darian it 's 5:00 in the morning -- kev ' Zat make it too late or too early ? darian maybe you should lay off it a bit , kev . you nose get any redder , you could guide my sleigh tonight -- kev stare at she blankly ... she turn to birdman : darian ( cont . ) you guy do for the night ? , birdman yeah -- darian Big storm -- birdman yeah . beat . Kristen tug at she mother 's leg ... kris ' I be coooooldddd -- ! darian okay , baby ... she pick up she daughter . look at birdman . force a smile . the shit between they be so palpable it could wear clothes . darian ( cont . ) ( be : the mug ) I do not have styrofoam ... ' birdman I will get ‘em back to you -- darian nod . birdman nod . kev rolis he eye ... darian Goodbye , kev -- kev yeah -- darian {to birdman ) bye -- birdman nod again . watch she walk back to the house , carry jodi . '' he start up the truck . look at kev , who 's give he the ugly eyeball ... birdman what -- ? kev the thing with the styrofoam really crease I ... birdman what be you talk about ? kev it 's the fifth storm of the season - you would think she have get herself a nice sleeve of styrofoam cup . $ 1.99 at you local shop ' N save ... nothing from birdman . he drive . kev ( cont . ) . how ' bout J return the mug this time ? birdman how ' bout you shut you hole ? beat . kev chick 's marry , Birdie . birdman drive . kev ( cont . ) it 's all bad -- the truck drive off into the snow ... roll credit to the gin blossom nifty ditty " lose horizon " ( " drink enough of anything / to make this world look new again ... " ) as we follow the truck through the stormy street of the Ridge - -- pass other plow , other sander , other hearty men shoveling out driveway and road , so the day - worker will not be inconvenience in they morning commute ... as we credit sequence rolis to a close , we find ourselves at int . excellent donut - night the rack be fill with a colorful diorama of donut and cruller . the place be fairly crowded with plowers and sander and other member of the town 's snow removal team ... in one booth , opposite two town cop , sit gina barrisano , 30 , a heavy - set italian girl tear the crown off of she oat - bran muffin , wash it down with a iced coffee ... gina .-. all I be say be : the odd of the jelly side of the toast fall face down be proportional to the cost of the carpet ... she see birdman and kev enter ... gina ( cont . ) well , well . look who 's here : Captain kangaroo and he faithful sidekick , Mr. Green jeans ... birdman Nice to see you too , gina -- they go to a nearby table ... at the rear of the joint , a phone ring on in the ear of paul klapman 29 , Winston cigarette , short black hair , layer of thermal , flannel , denim . he be at the pay phone . he look exhaust , sip coffee from a enormous excellent donut cup ... he slam down the phone . go back to a booth , where birdman and kev be work on a bag of do nut hole . paul she 's not home -- birdman where be she ? paul she 's bang that gu birdman she 's sleep -- paul I / 1l bet you twenty buck she 's bang that guy -- kev what a ridiculous bet -- paul fuck you . why ? kev either way - you lose . if you win , she 's bangin’ . so you lose . if you lose , you lose 20 buck . so you lose . a lose - lose bet be not a bet to make ~~ paul I hate she -- birdman you really think she 's with this guy ? paul I really do -- kev the meat-cutter ? paul yeah . fuckin 's meat~cutter . what kind of future be that ? the guy cut meat -- birdman you plow snow ... kev at least meat - you can eat . Paul look at kev. kev shrug . Paul to birdman : paul why you gotta always bring he around ? birdman he 's a hell of a shoveller -- Paul drain he coffee . get to he foot ... paul I be outta here . JI ' 1ll see you at home -- he put on he hat , he glove ... birdman - do not go by Jan 's -- - paul you gonna sand my lot -- ? birdman yeah . do not go by there --~- paul I be not goin 's by there -- Paul leave they ... birdman he 's goin 's by there -- . kev money in the bank -- Paul pass the booth with gina and the cop ... paul you see Jan around ? gina I do not eat red meat -- Paul shake he head and leave the donut shoppe ... gina shrug to the cop ... gina ( cont . ) Nice guy but not too bright . he could hide he own Easter egg , know what I mean ... ? cuT to : a compact disc insert into a ultra-pimp - out car stereo CD receiver with a 6 / 5 channel amp , optimize for enclosure ... kiss 's " do you Love I " off the destroyer disc , crank ... ext . duplex apartment - night a few town over . Paul be in he ' 84 Ford F - 150 with a 7 1 / 2 foot myer plow - " klapman landscape " stencill on the side . he chain -smoke winston ... stare at the duplex ... his mix - breed mutt - elle macpherson - be with he ... the kiss tune wail through the four hi-fi plate system speaker and 10 " component subwoofer ... Paul lower the plow . begins to move the snow . move it into the driveway of the duplex . a few plow - ful and the driveway be a five - foot high inpenetrable wall of snow ... cur to : blurry . coming into focus -- two fat child cherubic , face smear with chocolate , goggle down at we . the girl be 5 , the boy be 3 ... int . birdman and paul 's house - day they rent one half of this decent-size two -family . birdman be sprawle out on the couch . the two child stand over he ... he wake with a terrify yowl -- birdman desus -- ! the child chortle evil , little chortle . they father , michael " mo " morris 29 , walk around the small live room , pick up beer can , raise the blind ... Sun , reflect off all that snow , come sizzling through the window . Mo be big , doughy , pale . dagwood bumstead eye and a guileless irish demeanor ... mo rise and shine , birdman . rise and shine - birdman what time be it ? mo eleven -thirty on a beautiful Sunday morning . the storm have pass , the sun be high in the sky -- birdman Mo , you kid be so goddamn ugly , you should need a permit just to take ‘em out in public -- Mo hand birdman a mug of coffee . birdman wince as he notice the " kristen " print on the side of the mug . mo you be jealous . the kid , shannon and michael JR . parade around the live room , gnaw on oversize sugar daddy ... birdman look at ‘em . they be like little troll . they belong under a bridge ... mo Willie 's come in today ... birdman what for ? mo the reunion . I be go to get he at 1:00 . you wanna come ? birdman I gotta work -- Paul come down the stair , still mossy with sleep ... he see Mo 's kid . scream ... paul why you gotta bring they ugly kid around here , mo? damn -- birdman it 's like be really hang over and get a whiff of whiskey , be not it ? _ paul yes . yes , it be -- mo Willie 's come in at 1:00 -- Paul nod . get coffee . he make a face at Mo 's kid ... they make face back . Paul grimace . paul {to birdman ) you sand my lot -- ? ' birdman yeah . you go by Jan 's -- ? paul of course -- the back door open and birdman 's girlfriend , sharon , enter , carry a bag of grocery . she be 27 and pretty , if too skinny . she immediately set to cluck over Mo 's kid -- sharon oh , golly ! look at you ! look at you guy ! you be soooo adorable -- Sharon get a towel and wipe the goo off the kid 's face ... Mo shoot Paul and birdman a gloat grin ... paul oh , please , Sharon . they be like the poster child for the pro Choice movement -~- Paul smear cream cheese on a bagel -- Sharon kiss birdman , who have retreat to he couch , a hockey game on the tube ... sharon good night ? birdman we do all right -- sharon I prought you some stuff . sandwich meat , cookie , juice ... birdman thanks . maybe you will eat some -- she glare at he . go to the kitchen to unpack the bundle . mo I be gonna get Willie . wanna go , paui ? paul Nah . I get shit to do -- Paul flop down on the other couch with he bagel ... mo you guy be great friend ... sharon Willie 's come home ? mo yeah . sharon be he still see that girl ? mo I dunno . come on , kid . let 's go fetch uncle Willie at the train station -- birdman do not bring that fuckin’ kid around anymore ~~ sharon Tommy -- ! birdman what ? sharon watch you language -- birdman I be serious , Mo -- mo yeah , yeah ~- sharon Tommy -- birdman they give I nightmare --~ Sharon shake she head . Mo hustle he kid out the back . mo do not get mad , shar . this guy , deep in they soul , they yearn for what I get . they want kid so bad it hurt they ... ey just do not know it yet ... Paul whip he bagel at Mo 's head . it miss and stick to the yall in cream cheese adhesion ... Mo chuckle and leave the house ... sharon you guy be so vile -- paul Big idiot should be neuter -- . sharon ( under she breath ) Big idiot should be xerox -- ext . train station - day Mo drive he bronco towards the train platform , which be empty , save for willie conway , 29 . Long hair , long coat . Willie pace between he suitcase . Mo get out of the car , come around . Mo toss the bag in the trunk of the car . Willie get in the front . mo you remember Shannon and Michael do . willie hi , kid ! wow , Mo , they be ... cute . mo good to be back ? willie I have be back exactly 11 minute ... mo you still see that chick ? willie that depend on what you mean by " see . " mo you still live at she place ? willie we be live together . yeah -- mo you be not engage ? willie no . mo it 's be , what , a year ? willie eleven month . go together for eleven month . live together for six . mo she do not put any pressure on you ? willie that depend on what you mean by " pressure . " ext . residential neighborhood - conway house - day Mo pull up in front of the small ranch house . snow bank everywhere give the neighborhood a surreal quality ... Willie take he bag from the back ... - willie thanks for the ride , man -- ~ mo we will check you out , soon . you will come over for brunch . Lisa will make waffle . willie absolutely -- Willie eye he house , a little uneasy . mo you okay with this ? _ willie Fine . I be fine . mo oh , that 's nice ... Mo point . Willie look next door . to where he neighbor - a 13 - year - old girl , be make a anatomically - correct snowman . mo ( cont . ) that no be true snow ball ~- Willie nod and head for the house . he and the girl exchange a look as he go . Mo climb back into he car . mo ( cont . ) okay , kid . who want ice cream ? the kid squeal . and Mo drive off . int . conway house - day Willie enter , kick the snow from he boot . the house be plain , drab , a woman 's touch long absent . a baby grand piano be the live room 's only flourish ... his father , pete conway , 62 , carry the Sunday paper and : the weight of the world ... willie hello , dad -- pete conway when have you get in ? willie just now . Mo pick I up . pete conway lot a bag . stay long ? willie I dunno . pete conway there 's some golf on . would you like to watch some golf ? willie sure . pete conway put you stuff away . come down and watch some golf -- Willie nod . his father stock - feet-shuffle to the tv room . Willie go upstairs . int . willie 's bedroom a boy 's room . Old , yellowing poster of the who , the Boston Red Sox , Larry Bird . a stack of record album . a stack of mad magazine ... Willie 's bed seem very small .. . a knock on the open door . Willie 's brother , dougie , 24 , be there , in underwear and t-shirt ... tall , gangly , thick blond hair tufting out from under a dirty Boston bruin cap ... dougie yo , man . what up ? willie hey , Doug . you just get up ? dougie yeah . Wild night . get wreck . dougie see Willie 's bag -- dougie ( cont . ) you gonna be home long -- ? willie I dunno . we will see -- . dougie nod . dougie see dad ? willie yeah , we be gonna watch some golf -- dougte you miss a helluva storm -- willie when do the ryan move out ? dougie the ryan ? I dunno . last year ? willie who move in ? dougie I dunno . willie they get a kid -- dougie do they ? I do not know . willie I think they do . dougie nod . Willie nod . beat . dougie I gotta take a shit -- he leave . Willie lie back on he bed . stare at the ceiling . be it ever so humble ... ext . conway house ~ night it 's just start to snow . Paul wait outside in he truck . Willie come out of the house , climb into the truck , next to the dog -- paul what 's up , bad boy ? you remember elle macpherson -- ? willie sure . how you do , man -- ? paul Jan 's bang some meat-cutter . the truck drive off . int . paul 's truck - moving - night Paul slide a disc into the deck . Boston . " piece of mind " off the first album ... paul we be have some trouble . thing start to get crazy about a month ago . willie I hear you get the ultimatum -- paul yeah . like fuck that , okay ? what right do she have to give I the ultimatum ? __ . willie you be go out seven year -- paul so what ? you gonna get into that with I too ? what do that matter - seven year - what do it matter ? willie how old be Jan ? paul why even you gotta be like this ? willie how old be she ? paul thirty . she 's thirty -- willie thirty . maybe she want kid ... paul hey , fuck that , man . so what ? I want kid , too . but what 's the rush ? kathie Lee gifford have a kid . and she be like forty - five-fuck year old ~~ willie . what 's the meat-cutter get to do with anything ... ? paul he 's this guy . cut meat . come into the coffee shop where Jan work . she 's mention he to I before . he 's a character that she tell I about . she tell I about the character that come into the shop . there 's millie the manicurist . there 's Jason the carpenter . and then there 's Victor . Victor the meat-cutter ... willie so he 's a character ? paul just a character she would mention . but I start to get a sense -- _ . willie he be get more air-time than millie or Jason -- paul exactly . exactly , you stud . you know . . willie who be this guy ? paul you wanna puke ? be you ready to puke ? this guy 's 40 . divorce . have three kid of he own . arright ? willie Three kid . so there 's no way she 's get any sperm from he -- paul exactly . but you know what really crease I ? Jan 's a vegetarian . how ' pout that ? the hypocrisy . she 's a vegetarian . he 's a meat-cutter . you know what I be say ? willie wow . paul what kind of life can she have witha man who stink of brisket ? int . birdman / paul 's house - later - night Willie and Paul come in with a 12 - pack of budweiser . birdman and Sharon be on the couch . Sharon 's sleep on he lap . birdman be watch a hockey game on espn . ' paul look who 's here -- birdman ( whisper ) hey -- willie ( whisper ) hey , Birdie -- birdman gesture to the slumbering Sharon ... by way of explanation : birdman ( whisper ) she do not sleep too good . I / x11 check you out later -- willie okay -- Paul go upstairs . Willie follow ... CuT to : christy turlington on a milan runway . a photo . wider she be surround by photo of she contemporary - Cindy , elle , naomi , Linda , Rachel , helena , Claudia , niki , Stephanie , kate , Cathy , paulina , etc . for we be in int . paul be room and the wall be literally cover with magazine CUT - out and glossies of the supermodels ... Paul crack two beer . hand one to Willie . willie so be you break up ? paul . she hate I ... say she want nothing to do with I ever again -- willie what be you gonna do ? paul do not you worry you pretty little head about it , bro . I get it wire ... what about you ? you still see that chick in New York ? the lawyer ? ' willie Tracy . yeah . . paul what 's up with that ? willie she 's great . but the one thing about she -- paul - ninterrupt ) . ah , they be all fuckin’ sister , man , I swear ... you piano play ? willie a few lounge thing . nothing steady . birdman and Sharon still do okay ? paul you kid I ? all he think about be darian smaly . seaaa willie till ? paul and Sharon know it . darian move back to knight 's Ridge . with husband and child in tow -- willie Christ . paul every time Sharon look at Birdie 's face , and see he think of darian , it 's translate into another ugly pound when she look at herself in the’ mirror . you see she ? she look like one of that kid Sally struther feed paste . they sip they beer . the snow fall outside the window ... paul we need model -- willie what do you mean ? paul opoint to wall ) model . they be beautiful ; they always travel so you do not have to see ‘em that . much ; they make ton of money . that fucker that date model have get it make , man . my next girlfriend 's gonna be a model ... Paul scarf at he brew . Willie look at the wall . from the dune of St. Tropez , niki Taylor offer a sympathetic smile .. int , conway house - day Willie be on the phone in the kitchen ... willie ( into phone ) «+ . yes , Mr. gerron , I be very interested ... thank you ... next Friday 's good . this way , I can assess some other consideration and give you a confident answer ... no , sir ... this be I be decisive ... to be truly decisive one have to , uh , weigh the decision ... great . thanks -- he hang up the phone . sigh . ext . conway house - day Willie shovel the fresh snow off the driveway ... he 's breathe heavy , make more of a mess than he be clean . voice ( 0.s. ) do not shovel much do you ? Willie look up . it be the girl from next door . the 13 - year- old who be make the snowman ... willie what make you say that ? girl just a feel . you technique . it 's sloppy . you either live in the city or in a warm climate -- willie the city -- girl I know it . you grow up here ? willie uh-huh . girl do not visit much ? willie nope . girl you mom dead ? willie be you a cop ? girl no . willie yes . my mother 's dead . girl I know it . you dad 's kind of a sad guy . you brother 's kind of miss that thing ... that thing that have a mom give you ... that 's a lonely house you get , you do not mind I sayin 's -- she have gray - green eye . Brown hair cut into a page - bob. gn it Long , thin mb . taller than she year . she 's a true heartbreaker - in-train ... she chomp on she gum ... willie what 's you name ? girl marty -- willie as in martha ? she nod . Big and she bound marty iwish . as in marty . name for a grandfather I never even know . Martin . so now I be marty . just marty . a girl name marty . it be , I think , the bane of my existence ... willie how old be you ? marty thirteen . but I be a old soul . you do not come back here too much ? willie no . my tenth year reunion be next weekend -- marty heavy . what 's you name ? ' willie Willie . marty Willie . I like you hair -- willie thanks ... exaggerated head - bob nod ... marty you be kinda cool -- willie what do you mean ? marty I dunno . it 's just a call . you do not think you be -- ? willie no , I think I be . marty you be . I think . maybe not . I gotta go . see ya ' round -- off into she house . Willie watch after she . willie yeah . see ya ' round ~- int . chip' coffee shop - day a greasy spoon two town over . in the center island , jan , 30 ~ a fryolator angel , lovely despite the hard year etched into she face - stick a order slip onto the wheel and spin it into the cook 's field of vision ... Jan look to the entrance ... jan shit -- paul be work he way along the counter ... stick he nose into the customer 's space ... . paul . you Victor ? be you ? be you Victor ? Excuse I , be you Victor ? the customer shake they head . he 's work he way down to where Jan stand , arm cross ... jan what be you do ? paul I be look for Victor the meat-cutter . I hit a cow with my plow and I be hope he could slice I up some steak . seem like it would be a shame to let a entire cow just rot there on the side of the -- jan you be not funny , Paul -- paul what ? I be serious . I have you down for a flank -- Jan usher he further down the diner ... jan and I do not appreciate you bury my driveway eve : time it snow like some kind of drool , obsessed lunatic with nothing to live for except to torment I because I decide to get on with my life while you decide to destroy yours ... paul okay . that 's fair . jan what do you want -- ? paul . I just ~- need to give you this -- he hold out a ring BOX ... jan what be that ? paul it 's a rump roast . come on -- jan Paul -- paul can you at least open it ? Jan gnaw on a nail ... she do not want near that box ... Paul turn to a elderly couple watch nearby ... paul ( cont . } do you believe this ? the shop 's proprietor , 300 - pound chip come around to they ... chip Paul , what be you do ? . paul chip , cut I some slack here -- chip you be make a spectacle . take it outside ... Jan ? outside ... ext . chip 's Paul and Jan huddle in the cold . most of the counter - customer have turn around to watch they ... Paul take she hand , force she finger around the box ... jan I really do not think I should -- paul this be beautiful . just how I always picture it would be . Love in the afternoon . harps a-nstrumm , angel - a-singe . the whole bit ... Jan snap open the box . Inside be a ring . a big diamond ring ... a brown diamond ring . she close the jan it 's beautiful , Paul . it 's lovely . it 's ... bro -- ? paul Champagne . it 's champagne . it 's the newest thing . Champagne , not brown ... jan Champagne . it 's beautiful ... box . give it back to he ... paul what be you do ? jan I can not take it ... paul why not ? jan I can not . paul marry I , Jan . jan no. paul - no ? just like that ? no ? - jan no. paul Jan. Jesus ... jan you be so selfish ... paul selfish ? 1I '11 have you know what 's inside that box constitute some 30 driveway . 30 driveway and maybe two - and - a-half sprinkler system . selfish ? I think not . jan I have get customer , Paul --~- paul Jan -- jan Paul -- paul take the fuck ring -- ! jan oh , that 's romantic -- paul I be sorry , but you have suck the romance out of this entire thing -~ jan this be the desperate act of a desperate man . only , when face with lose I , do you decide you want to spend you life with I -- paul . what 's wrong with that ?... I do not like the alternative ... that usually be how one come to a decision ... jan wrong again , Paul . one come to a decision base on what one want , not base on what one do not want . get it ? now , I get customer . I all see you - she head back inside to she customer . leave Paul with he ring box . int . birdman 's truck ~ moving - day birdman drive , Willie be beside he ... birdman you know stinky womack reopen the Johnson Inn ? a willie he do ? birdman a couple of month ago . Paul and kev be there . you wanna go by ? willie sure -- int . the johnson inn ~ day a long varnish bar with brass " mushroom " tap ; moose and deer trophy head on the wall , display 12 - point basket . a roaring fireplace big enough to barbecue a buick . cozy . Willie and birdman enter . and be immediately fronted by stanley " stinky " womack , 29 stinky be slightly overweight and slightly craze . stinky what 's up , birdman ? who 's that ? conway ? hey , man ! what 's up ? willie hey , stinky -- stinky Christ . hey . stinky embrace he ... in a aside : they walk to a stinky ( cont . ) you wanna lose that " stinky " stuff , ' will . I be a bit of a proprietor here ~-- willie sorry , sti : . what 's up with this ? how much call be there for a Inn in the Ridge ? stinky we be not gonna run it as a Inn . no bed or nothin’ . just the bar ... you know ... you get the fireplace ... a small menu ... app ... willie " app ? " birdman he 's get all the lingo down ... stinky appetizer . we get apps ... rear booth where Paul and kev lush it up -- stinky hey , we get a piano . maybe later you ' will tickle some ivory for we -- birdman maybe for some free apps he will . Willie and birdman sit down next to Paul and kev . they be quite drunk -- kev Willie C .! welcome home , bud . willie hey , kev -~ Paul be stare drunkenly into space ... birdman ( to kev ) what 's get he crease ? kev point to the ring box on the table . birdman pick it up . open it -- birdman ( cont . ) what be it ? it 's a diamond . birdman it 's fuckin’ brown -- , kev it 's champagne . it 's the newest thing - birdman what do you mean ? kev it 's a trend , man . you be 50 unculture . in diamond . a trend ? Champagne ... that 's a nice stone -- birdman Paul 's buy the drink , huh , kev ? Willie pick up the ring ... willie I hear about this . it 's big in the diamond trade . they be try to sell this brown stone . try to create a market ~- birdman " Champagne . " they be call it " piss " but they be not move any unit . birdman smack Paul on the head -- birdman what 's with you ? paul what ? birdman how much you spend for that brown rock ? paul I dunno . what difference do it make ? birdman diamond be suppose to be colorless . you get out and buy a color diamond . for a girl you be not even see ? you be eat retard sandwich again -- ? paul a I do not need you shit , Birdie -- birdman I think you do -- paul I think I do not -~- birdman I think you do -- paul I think I do not -- willie ( to kev ) I bet this be exactly what it be like when Roosevelt meet churchill for the first time -- birdman you be a schmuck -- paul look who 's talk , man . get off you high-horse . you be a human geraldo episode , for chrissake -- birdman what do that mean ? willie guy -- paul no. fuck that . Mr. high-horse . you get one broad destroy she marriage and the other one destroy she digestive system ... and you just ... fuckin’ ... just ... watch hockey ... birdman you wanna cool it , klapman -- paul what be you gonna do ? what be you gonna do , tough guy ? beat I up after class ? dump my book ? this be not high school , meatball . the legend be dead . kev easy , Paul . the legend can still fuck you up two time -- paul bullshit -- willie Paul -- paul butt out , conway ! do not come waltzing back in here and give we you big city bulishit , arright ? just butt out ... ' birdman fuckin 's loser -- paul punk ~-- the four of they sit there , fume -- a oblivious stinky come out of the kitchen , wield two trays of potato skin , buffalo wing , fry calamari ... stinky ( Arthur godfrey ) free apps ! I get free apps ! willie oh , fuck off , stinky -- ext . conway house - day it 's just start to snow ... marty be next door squashing snow pile with she boot ... Willie come out ... willie hey -- marty Willie Boy ... willie it snow here . that 's all it do -- marty yep . willie what be you do ? marty chillin’ . . willie no school ? marty it 's kind of Saturday -- willie oh , yeah -- she stomp on another snow pile ... marty I like to mash snow , it give I a tremendous sense of self - satisfaction -- you get a girlfriend ? willie why do you ask ? marty you be a dude in flux . if I be not mistaken , you have come home , back here , to the House of loneliness and tear - to daddy downer and brother bummer ... to come to some sort of decision about life ... a life decision , if you will ... willie you fancy yourself a perceptive little thing , do not you -- ? marty I dunno about '' little thing . " I be the tallest girl in my class ... rumor have it ( a pediatrician talk to my mom - he do not know I could hear he ) , I may just grow to be 5'10 " . willie wow ... marty I will be hot . so ? be I right ? a life decision ? you get the full - on hamlet thing go . you know hamlet ? danish King ? '' could not make decision ? willie I know hamlet ... marty about that girlfriend -- willie yeah . there be one -- marty she want to get marry -- willie sort of -- marty you do not -- willie not sure -- marty she fat ? . willie no , she 's quite nice actually -- marty so marry she -- willie oh , okay . I know I come home for a reason . thank you ... marty that 's it . tease the jittle kid ... willie sorry ... marty hey , what do I know ? I be thirteen and suffer from like terminal precociousness ? right ? willie yeah . you sort of be -- birdman / paul 's house - birdman 's bedroom - night birdman and Sharon under the cover . make love ... birdman look to be a million mile away ... Sharon watch he ... birdman open he eye ... see she stare ... stop ... birdman what -- ? sharon it would be nice - if just once - just once , we could have sex and you would actually be think of I ... birdman what be you talk about ? sharon Tommy , I can not do this anymore -- birdman it 's not what you think -- sharon I think you be gonna get it out of you system ... I be willing to ride it out ... but this be ridiculous .. birdman Sharon ... sharon and you look like such a dweeb ... everyone say 50 ... birdman do they ? sharon she 's never gonna leave he ... not for a gardener ... birdman I '' not a fuckin’ gardener ... sharon she 's never gonna leave he ... birdman ( bad liar ) I do not know what you be talk about -- I have not see she in month ... since we start back up again serious . . sharon forget it , Tommy ... birdman you want to end this ? sharon that have be convenient , would not it ? save you the guilt ? Z end it . she get up , cover herself with the top-sheet . she begin to dress ... sharon ( cont . ) here 's the problem : I get ask out , Tommy . all the time . by really cool Men . all my friend say I be nut ... you guy - Paul , kev ~ you can not meet new people . you dig ditch ... birdman trenches ... I dig trenches ... sharon either way - you do not come into contact with new people . New , young people . you come into contact with suburban family and construction worker . once in awhile , if the star be in you favor , they will hire a cute girl at the 's hardware store or the lawn center ... otherwise , forget it . I work in a office . with client and customer . I like to go out with girlfriend ... go to bar ... you guy like to sit at home ... you be never - ever gonna meet someone new ... and when you do - I hate to tell you this , Tom , but there be not that many girl out there look for gitch -digger whose idea of a perfect evening be espn and a twelve - pack of Bud can . birdman Sharon -- sharon maybe the 22 - year-old ... but I think even you have outgrown they . so here 's the problem : what do we do ? what do we do , when the best day of you life be high school , when you be king of the hill , top cat hot shit ... and darian small be you girlfriend then ... so how do I compete ? you want that back . you will never get it - but still ... how do I compete with a memory of a way of life that be totally and completely impossible for you to ever have again ..? underwear on , she slide into she skirt ... birdman you be so skinny , shar -- sharon fuck you ! you have no right . my friend say I be crazy - the guy who ask I out , they 's 11 actually take I to restaurant . and care what they look like when they know they be gonna see I ... and talk about the future . make plan for trip and holiday ... and the thing that kill I - the thing that absolutely piss I off like mad , make I want to scream and cry and move to another state ... be that I love the espn and the twelve-pack . I love the ditch-digger . and I have get news for ou , birdman , I can do a hell of a lot etter . a hell of a lot . the thing be - God help I - I do not want to ... she fix he with a final wounded look . and then she 's go he look after she . then yank the cover over he head . hiding out . int . gina 's hair - CENTER of town - night it 's snow outside the window of this two - chair beauty salon ... Mo 's two fat child run amok ... they mother , lisa , 26 , attempt to calm they . Sharon sit in one chair , weep . gina sit by she . lisa so be you guy break up ? Sharon merely continue to cry ... gina be you cry just to avoid we ? sharon please . be my friend and do not make I feel stupid about this for a while ... gina you must break up with he . you must . you have get to start now , Sharon . the get over he part . it 's hard , I know ... believe I , I know ... she look to Lisa ... Lisa look to Sharon . somewhat sadly : lisa she 's right -- Sharon merely continue to cry -- gina at first , after a break - up , you will have this vision . vision of you , the fifty - seven - year - old , unmarried you : you be a librarian ; hair in a bun ; otato sack dress ; the neighborhood id call you " the spinster . " and every night you go to you little room , heat up a can of soup - for- one and lament over the cobweb crowd you womb ... lisa yecch ... ! gina but this vision fade away ... really ... it take time . but you will get over he . it will take two year . you will be 29 ... it would be better if you be young . if you be , say , 24 now , you would be 26 when you get over he ... but we do not get to choose this thing ... lisa they choose we ... gina so 29 ... lisa that 's not exactly ancient ... gina that 's not exactly 30 ... lisa which be good ... gina which be very good ... sharon you_can say what you want - and I admit it look bad - but no one know what it 's like when it 's just the two of we ... you know , behind close door ... lisa okay . that 's fair . so how be it ? sharon not so good lately ... gina the man can not commit . the man can not commit . the man can not commit ... sharon how come every time a relationship do not work out , we say it 's cos can not commit . should not we shoulder some of the responsibility ? her friend look stunne . Lisa slap a hand over she mouth ... gina cross herseif ... gina that 's just the grief talk ... that 's not you ... lisa that 's not Sharon cassidy ... gina it 's just a girl - a grief-strick girl - who happen to look like Sharon cassidy .. . lisa I be still not sure if they be break up . gina oh , they be break up all right . shar ? Sharon look up from between she tear ... sharon Tommy 's 65 birthday be next week . maybe i’1l have a surprise party for he -- gina shar -- sharon will you guy help I organize it ? gina and Lisa . a look . sharon ( cont . ) will you ~- ? gina shake she head . sigh . gina sure , Sharon -- lisa whatever you want ... ext . d jan 's duplex - later - night Paul and elle macpherson be park in he truck in front of Jan 's ... he slide a CD into the deck ... Black sabbath . " paranoid " ( " finish with my woman / cos she could not help I with my mind ... " ) he put out he cigarette and lower the plow -- -- once again make the apartment 's driveway impassable . ext . mo ’'s house ~ day a good-size split-level . Shannon and Michael Jr. chase a neighbor 's dog around the snow ... int . moas house Willie and Mo sip they coffee at the table ... Lisa show Willie a frame photo of Lisa and the kid on a boat in a eae lisa . and then Michael and my father fall off the boat and into the lake , but he still manage to get the picture ... mo it be classic ... willie sound it ... Lisa laugh ... lisa so have you be work much , Willie ? willie a few night . I be actually toy with the idea of become a citizen .. lisa what do you mean ? willie I get offer this sale job . Office equipment ; pretty good base salary , plus commission ... I dunno ... they want a answer by the lst ... lisa that sound great -- she go back into the kitchen ... Mo stare at Willie ... wh willie at ? a ) be you serious ? willie yeah -- mo that 's bogus , man -- willie why ? mo you get a sale job , you be not never gonna be able to play the piano -- willie it 's not happen . it 's just not . I be gonna be 30 year old . I gotta start think about the future -- , mo you have be the worst goddamn salesman of all time . I deal with salesmen every day , buddy boy . and you be no salesman ... willie thanks for the vote of confidence ... mo Office equipment ? what the hell do you know about office equipment ? willte what the hell do you know about kid ? but you be raise two of ‘em just fine as if on cue : Shannon come scream into the house ... Michael Jr. be chase after she , swinging a dead cat at he terrify older sister ... Willie and Mo share a look . Mo call into the kitchen ... mo l-lisa -- ? ext . moas house - later - day Mo walk Willie out ... Mo carry a lumpen garbage bag - he deposit it in the trash . willie by and large though , you be happy ? mo yeah , man . I be never like you guy anyways . Lisa be the third girl I ever have sex with . and the first two be at bachelor party and cost I a hundred buck each ... willie can I ask you something ? mo you wanna know if you masturbate after you be marry ... willie how would you know ? mo everybody ask . it 's the first question everybody ask -- ' willie it 's important . do you ? mo I be not gonna answer -- willie so you do -- mo a good sixty to seventy percent more than when you be single ... willie that 's utterly depress ... mo I prefer to think of it as diverse -- ext . gina's hair ~- CENTER of town - day Willie and birdman stand outside , as gina lock the door of the salon . Willie hold she dry clean ; birdman she grocery ... gina ... enough , enough ... I do not want to hear it anymore ... you guy ... Jesus ... you want to know what you problem be ? i’1l tell you - MTV , playboy , madison-fucking -avenue ... lemme explain something : girl with big tit have big ass . Girls with small tit have small ass ... you guy arg , orce - feed every day more gina ( cont have ) a barrage of skinny little chick with mambo tit that point to the moon ... I get news for win they do not exist in real life . ey do not . God do not fuck around . he 's a fair guy . he give the fatty , big giant boob and the skinny , droopy little niddler . that 's the way it be . c’mere -- she lead they into a corner drugstore ... int . drugstore gina go to the magazine rack . she nod to the clerk . gina hey , Mitch -- she grab a penthouse , tear the shrink - wrap off the mag .’.. open it to the centerfold ... gina see ? lookit that ? that do not exist ! when do you ever see that in reality ? look at that hair - long , gorgeous , it 's like a river . it 's a fuckin’ weave ! and that tit . I could hang my overcoat on they . tit , by design , be invent to be suckle by babe ... they be purely functional ... this -- ( slap magazine ) this be decorative ... they be all fake . they be all love doll . you can practically see the seam ... ah , shave pubis . of course . pubic hair be so unruly ... very key . look at she leg ... they start at she neck . this be a fakery ... a sham ... this be a breed that do not exist . they be robot . implant and collagen and plastic and cap tooth - all the fat suck out , nose fix , hair extend , bush shave . they be not woman . they be alien . they're beauty freak . and they make all the rest of we - with we wrinkle and we pucker boob and we cellulite - feel somehow inadequate ... and that be all bad ... willie gina , the -- gina but you fuckin’ mook , as long as you thi : there 's a shot , a prayer , a hope in hell ( which there be not , there be not at all ) , of you hookin’ up with one of this beauty freak , you will not give any of we Real woman anything approach a commitment ... you will just hang out look for the next best thing , know that when you be 80 year old and can not make it to the toilet and drool all over yourself , you can still marry a cheerleader and start have kid -- willie I think you be oversimplify -- gina , eat I . lookit Paul . with he model on the wall and he dog name elle macpherson . how can Jan take he seriously ? he 's obsessed . you be all obsessed . Birdie . Sharon 's the real deal . darian small be just some poor excuse for a goddess . but she fart and you act as though you have fall into a rise garden . if any of you have a ounce of self - esteem , self - worth , self - confidence - you have realize - as stupid as it sound - beauty be truly skin-deep and you would , if you ever hook one , get tired of this girl ... remember : behind every beautiful girl , there 's a guy who 's bored of fuck er ... she return the mag to the shelf ... gina ( cont . ) {to clerk ) thanks , Mitch -- she storm out of the drugstore . the guy follow -- ext . drugstore gina ( cont . ) no matter how lovely the nipple , how lovely the thigh , unless there 's some other shit go on in the relationship , besides the physical , it 's 1ll get old . you guy , as a gender , have get to get a grip ... otherwise , the future of the race be in doubt ... she grab she dry-clean from Willie , she grocery from birdman , and stomp on up the street ... leave they stunne . willie who be that girl ? birdman I dunno . Nice ass , though -- willie yeah . great tit -- ext . residential road - day Willie drive he father 's buick . he see marty , walk the road home from school . he pull over . willie get in -- marty I be not suppose to accept ride from strangler ... willie that 's " stranger . " marty oh . then I guess it 's okay -- she hop in . he drive ... marty ( cont . ) cool car . be the perry como tape optional ? willie be you a only child ? marty why do you ask ? cos I get the full - on scream - for-attention - wise - ass urchin thing go ? willie exactly -- marty I get a older brother . he 's a squid . he go to this board school , to even further enrich / improve he squid state . willie what do you want to be when you grow up ? marty easy , cowboy . I be still try to grasp the fundamental principle of " spin the bottle " and you want to know what I be go to be when I grow up ? she frown . Willie blink . willie oh. right . ext . chip' coffee shop - night Jan come out of the shop , coat throw over she waitress uniform . she smoke a cigarette ... a man walk up to she . he 's a big man , 40s , with a moustache . he wear butcher 's white ... victor ... they kiss lightly ... Victor say something ... Jan laugh ... we be watch all this from across the STREET ... from Paul 's truck ... definitely leppard 's " Love and affection " on the eck ... Jan and Victor cross to a corner tavern - the moonlight mile . Paul light a Winston off the butt of he old one ... elle macpherson whimper in the passenger seat ... int . the johnson inn ~- night the bar be fairly crowded . stinky work the room ... Willie , Paul , birdman , kev and Mo drink at they table ... mo you guy psyched for the reunion , or what ? birdman only you would be psyched for that , Mo . the reunion ... . at the bar - a half - dozen townies , man in they fifty , in boot and blue clothes , drink the hard day 's work from they one ... Paul gesture to the towny ... paul check it : husky Pete and rizzo and sammy B. and all they . work all day . drink all night . for forty fuck year . and ewo week of every year they paul ( cont no ) take a vacation ~ go to the cape and drink all day and drink all night . birdman this little observation contain anything resembling a point ? paul yes , birdman . if we do not watch out - if we do not step up - we be gonna be just like husky Pete and rizzo and sammy B. and all they ... beat . the fella study the old towny ... kev cool ... paul Holy shit -- ! they follow he gaze -- to where a woman , mid -20s , have enter the bar ... she be stun - long , thick , black hair , dark skin , Mediterranean feature . she wear a short fur coat , jeans , cowboy boot ... stinky give she a big hug ... birdman what be that ? kev that be all good -- Willie pick up a imaginary phone , speak anto it : willie hello , gina ? Willie . they do exist . he hang up the phantom phone . stinky walk by they -- paul stink , who 's the vixen ? stinky my cousin . she 's visit from Chicago . . kev no way be that you cousin ... paul no way do she share you mongrel blood ~ stinky yes , she do . and not only be she hot - she 's completely cool ... paul she have a boyfriend -- ? stinky no , she stay in on Saturday night and watch Chuck norris video -- paul I , too ! at long last love I have find you -- stinky she 's get a serious boyfriend -- paul she be , I think , the future ex ~ Mrs. klapman -- stinky lemme introduce you -- ' he go to fetch she ... they five of they sit there , make last minute adjustment ... stinky lead she over ... up close , she 's even more extraordinary ... Blue eye amid all that black hair ... Big lip ... a great smile that drive all the old man crazy ... stinky andera , this be Willie , Paul , kev , Mo and birdman . guy , this be andera -- andera hello -- the fella mumble hellos to andera -- willie you want to sit ? andera sure -- she take a seat by Mo ... stinky leave to yell at a waitress . the guy sit there , stare at andera . beat . paul what part of Chicago be you from ? andera do you know Chicago -- ? paul br little . I know soldier 's field -- 04 andera right -- willie ( to Mo ) after wrigley and comiskey he 's dead in the water --~- birdman what do you do ? andera I be in advertising ... paul that 's great . advertise 's great --~ they all nod in agreement ... andera shrug ... andera , I be into that . creating it gently . see beyond tomorrow . play for silver . play for gold ... ( beat what be you guy into ? Willie , kev , Mo , and Paul merely stare at she in open-mouthed trances ... birdman smile ... birdman right now , I think they be into coma . andera smile . a smile you would eat through a wall of maggot just to look at ... birdman ( cont . } Paul and I own we own business . landscape / construction . kev work with I . Mo be a plant manager - textiles . Willie here be musician ... andera what do you play ? willie the piano . andera right on . will you play something ? willie Nah -- andera come on -- mo yeah , come on , will ... play something ... Willie go to the piano . Mo , kev and andera follow he over , Paul smack birdman .... paul what have you have to go and tell she he play the piano , man ? how can we compete with that ? birdman you can always show she how you spread muich - that 's awfully sexy ... willie sit at the piano ... he begin to play ... he start with chopin 's " funeral March " but after the first somber 8 bar he suddenly segues into a lilt " somewhere " from west side story , in the major key ... head thrust forward , face lower , he look like he 's attempt a intimate communication with the piano - at least during the softer passage ... andera look on , admire . Mo and kev , too . birdman look ore . Paul look suicidal . int . paul 's truck - ~ moving - later - night Paul drive Willie and kev ... paul aw , man ... she be the best ... total r.t.c. babe ... total ... willie r.t.c .? . paul reason to continue , man . total reason of continue ... god-damn ... " creating it gently . '' what do that mean ? I do not even know what that mean , but she say it , I get serious wood ... kev she look weird here in the Ridge ... willie she do ... paul oh , yeah ... she 's like a alien ... she 's like from fuckin’ venus ... somewhere around here , there 's a little space pod thing , cover in brush , that 'il take she back to she planet after she mission be complete ... and my mission be to make she mission - I ... he cackle to himself and fire up a butt ... kev shrug to Willie ... int . birdman 's truck - moving - night birdman drive Mo home ... Mo 's drunk ... mo I mean , she be not that nice , be she ? birdman she be pretty nice ... beat ... mo I think you can go crazy with this whole thing ... birdman what whole thing ... ? mo - the woman thing ... too many ... too many woman ... birdman what the fuck be you talk about ? mo the thing ... the whole thing ... a guy could get thousand of woman and still want that one more ... it 's like a problem ... some analogy could be make but I can not , uh , make it , right now ... you want this one , and this one , and this one ... it 's bullshit ... get the one - the one woman - and just ... stay ... birdman stay ? stay where -- ? mo stay ... : ( search for the word ) . true ... birdman " true ? " ( nod ) true ... Mo nod drunkenly ... leans against the window ... birdman study he for subtext ... drive on ... int . kelly mobil station - day a gas station near the center of town ... keve work here ... Willie sit , listen to kev , who play with a_yardstick , lecture a trio of grease - nsmear high school dropout ... kev my point be , just like we parent can all remember exactly where they be on November 22 , 1963 - the day Kennedy be shot - we generation ... guy of we generation can all remember exactly where they be on November 18 , 1985 . mechanic when -- ? kev November 18 , 1985 . redskin - Giants . the night lawrence Taylor shattered Joe theismann 's tibia ! kid no way , man -- kev you think I '' bullshittin’ ya ? Willie , where be you ? willie my dorm room . it be a Monday night . study for a psych final with erica Kline ... I be so upset I could not even make a pass at she ... and I have like she since freshman year ... kev thank you -- he see something out the window -- kev ( cont . ) check it out - Dragon Lady ... Willie can see darian small pump gas ... kev ( cont . ) iwas in a bar . with ducky lowe and jay steeve . I be eat a chicken parm sandwich and drink a bass ale ... lt be scream ; I be scream ; the whole damn nation be scream ... willie I / 1l see you guy later -- he go outside ... kev I personally walk with a limp for two week after -- kev snap the yardstick in two , approximate theismann 's leg- ext . kelly mobil darian finish fill up she Jeep Cherokee ... her daughter , Kristen , in tow ... she kiss he willie darian -- ? darian Willie ! wow ! I hear you be back ... cheek ... darian ( cont . ) how be you ? willie good . you ? you look excellent . darian please . willie who 's this ? darian Kristen . Kristen , say hi to Willie -- Kristen hug she mother 's leg -- willie cute kid -- darian thanks . so what be you back for ? willie I dunno . hang out . see the guy . go to the tenth . whatever ... darian you be still in New York ? willie yeah ... Kristen be tug at darian 's belt , whining ... darian wait a minute , honey -- Willie smile at the adorable little girl ... willie she be something . you gonna have more ? darian I do not know . someday I really want to . someday I do not . it 's like be marry . someday you want to be , someday you do not -- willie gotcha ~- darian we should have lunch -- willie that no be cool -- darian a I see Tommy every now and then ... I go by there ... but I think it make - what an - she - name ~ Sharon cassidy - I think it make she nervous ... Willie nod ... beat ... willie if1l call you -- darian okay . you look good . I like you hair . willie i’1l see you . bye , Kristen -- Kristen bury she face in darian 's crotch -- Willie leave the station . darian look after he -- int . conway house - willie 's bedroom - day from he bedroom window , Willie see marty talk to a boy about she age . the boy be on a bicycle , despite the snow ... they shake hand and the boy pedal off ... ext . conway house Willie come outside ... marty , on she way in , see he ... walk over ... willie what 's up ? marty nothin’ . willie who 's the guy ? . marty Andrew urlitz . he 's in my class ... willie he you boyfriend ? marty I dunno . I guess ... he 's okay ... willie seem a little short -- - marty he 's twelve - year - old , Willie -- willie right . beat . Willie nod . whistles . marty you okay ? . willie yeah . why ? marty you seem a little flavor today -- willie I be cool -- marty cool . marty laugh ... beat . he watch she willie what do you - uh - what do you do on weekend ? you know , kid you age -- marty what we have be do lately be smoking massive amount of drug , bing on entenmann 's , and listen to old pink floyd CD ... willie really -- ? marty you be flavor today . willie you be kid -- marty the entennman 's part be true -- willie so you like this guy Andrew -- marty he 's okay . he 's into male contraception , which be nice for a change -- ( off Willie 's look ) joke . you gotta chill , will -- willie yeah -- marty arright . wrap it up . I be history . have a good weekend -- willie you too -- walk back to she house ... willie ( cont . } yo , marty -- ? she turn back ... willie I 'il see ya -- she flash he the " peace " sign . and she 's go ... Willie examine he moist palm . he sigh . to himself : willie ( cont . ) you do gotta chill , will -- int . birdman / paul 's house - live room - night Mo play nintendo with kev. Willie be on the phone . willie {into phone ) I tell he I have let he know ... I mean , what the hell ... he 's wait this long ... exactly ... okay ... call I tomorrow ... bye -~ ! he hang up ... mo be that Tracy ? willie yeah -- kev she hot -- ? willie she 's nice . Mo and kev turn from they nintendo ... joystick idle ... kev ascribe a numerical value . face , body , personality -- willie I be not do that -- kev do it . mo do not be vile guy , kev -- kev grow up , mo. do it -- mo you do not have to do it -- . willie obhh . I dunno . let 's see . face -- mo wait ! you gotta give we a frame of reference . a standard -- kev I think I be be vile guy -- mo you gotta do it , you gotta do it proper . willie what do you -- mo Kelly noon : '' 7 willie Kelly noonan ? uh , face - 6 , body - 8 1 / 2 , personality - 4 ... kev I can go there -- mo darcy Cole -- willie face - 8 , body - 9 , personality - 6. kev yes , sir ! Jennifer Collins -- willie face - 1 , body - 2 , personality - 3 . mo okay , I get it now . so what 's Tracy ? kev wait ... lorna longley -- ! willie who -- ? mo porn star ... willie I do not know she -- kev yeah , you do ... a fistful of vixen ? she have all of she orifice simultaneously penetrate by that circus midget ... willie that 's she name ? she 's good -- kev very talented girl -- willie uh ... face - 7 , body - 9 1 / 2 , personality - the sky 's the limit -- kev ghe midget seem to get a kick out of er -- mo now , Tracy -- willie okay . Tracy . uh. face - a good , solid 71 / 2 , body - a good , solid 7 1 / 2 , personality - a good , solid 7 1 /2 .... mo sound excellent ... kev all good ... Paul come downstairs ... paul be we gonna do this or what ? mo let 's go -~ and Mo and kev follow Paul outside . leave Willie to reflect , somewhat bemuse , on he good , solid 7 1 /2 ... int . birdman 's truck - moving - night birdman and Sharon be dress up fine . birdman drive ... sharon the reservation be for 8:00 , Tommy . we be very late -- birdman we be fine . relax -- sharon the hostess say : if we be not there by eight , they reserve the right to give the table away -- Sharon grimace slightly and grab she belly ... birdman so we will go someplace else -- sharon you love " the bearded pony . " I mean , that 's why I choose it . cos I know you -- birdman Sharon . relax . you gotta relax , babe -- this time , Sharon 's grimace be more severe . she moan ... birdman ( cont . ) what 's wrong -- ? she sink in she seat ... on ee Tommy - my stomach . oh. I fear . ea. on -- pull over ... birdman what -- sharon I need to find a bathroom ... there ... ohhbhh .... ! ahead , the sign for the local Veteran of foreign War Hall glow eternal ... birdman Sharon , what 's the -- sharon pull over -- ! he slam the truck to a halt ... come around to open the door for she ... she stagger from the truck ... birdman see now , if you do not start really fuck eat this be gonna happen all the ti-- sharon not now , Tommy . Christ , not now -- and she lurch past he toward the v.f.w. Hall ... birdman follow ... ext . v.f.w. hall 58 . birdman and Sharon come to the dark entrance ... she lean up against the front stoop , catch she breath ... sharon see if it 's open ... birdman walk past she ... the door be open ... but it be dark . birdman enter the int . v.f.w. hall into the pitch ... when , suddenly , the light flick on and all surprise -- ! " birthday " by the Beatles crank over the stereo speaker ... perhaps 30 people be here : birdman 's family , Sharon 's . family , stinky and andera , gina , Willie , kev , Paul , Mo ... there 's a bar , the stereo set - up , banquet table cover with crabfeast accoutrement ... birdman look suitably shocked . Sharon creep in behind he ... kiss he ... birdman you scared the shit out of I -- sharon - I know . be not I great -- ? the crowd descend ... Paul head for the stereo ... paul I be the du -- gina oh , swell . jethro tull weekend begin -- int . v.f.w. hall - later tull 's " live in the past " crank on the stereo ... birdman still wear he bib ... he 's devour crab ... he watch Sharon in a cluster of girl ... she 's eat . sure , it 's only a baked potato and a ear of sweet corn , but it 's something ... she catch he look ... they share a smile ... Sharon be glow ... shoot , birdman probably be too ... we . paul be work andera ... paul do you cousin happen to mention the work I do with the orphan ... kev very drunk , walk over to Sharon and a few of the other ... kev --- Sharon ... you do the ... it 's a spectac , of ... everybody 's arou -- the crab can not really be ... they be ... birdman come to he rescue ... birdman ' I interpret for the drunk ... what he 's say , Sharon , be thank - you for a terrific evening , the surprise be shocking and wonderfully execute , all of we friend be here , and the crabfeast add just the right touch ... you be , without a doubt , the butterfly 's boot ... kev , stupefy , look from birdman to Sharon ... nod ... sharon thank you , kev ... that 's so nice of you . kev bow ... everyone laugh ... Sharon throw she arm around birdman 's neck ... Long kiss ... applause ... Sharon look up and wince ... for there , at the door to the hall , be darian small look lovely and carry a small wrap present . and now everyone see she ... birdman be stunne ... darian walk , a little unsteadily , towards birdman -- Paul shake he head . to kev : paul it 's all bad -- kev tt be all good , now it 's all bad -- darian be before birdman . gina be florid ... gina I / will kill she -- she move toward darian ... Sharon stop she ... sharon no ... do not ... let 's just go -- gina no way , I be gonna -- sharon gina -- ! there 's something in Sharon 's voice ... a quiet resolve ... a conclusion in she eye ... ' sharon ( cont . ) let 's go -- gina that a girl -- and she head for the exit . gina and Lisa follow -- birdman Sharon -- ! but she 's go ... her friend with she ... the party have come to a stand -stili , .. and , as luck would have it , the tull tune end ~ plunging the room into a heavy silence ... birdman darian , what be -- darian I want to give you this ... for you birthday ... it want to give you this birthday present ... she giggle ... she 's bomb ... Willie signais to stinky , who 's near the stereo , to play another tune ... stinky fumble with the CD player - Van halen 's " dance the night away " crank high and hard ... Willie drag a girl on to the dance floor , try to inject a bit of levity ... Paul catch on and yank andera onto the floor ... kev grab another girl ... Mo haul a elderly woman ... the party recover . soon , everyone be dance ... everyone be ignore -- birdman & darian who talk on , quietly , in the corner ... Sharon momentarily forget ... int . v.f.w. hall - later - night everyone be go . the custodian be fold up the table . Willie and Mo sit on the floor by the bar ... a bottle of scotch between they ... mostly drain ... they be blitze ... Willie more so than Mo ... stinky come out of the man 's room ... , stinky I be gonna give Paul and my cousin ride home . you guy set ? mo we be cool ... stinky crazy thing , huh ? birdman take off with darian ... mo he just give she a ride home ... she be waste ... : stinky sure ... nothing from the guy . stinky shrug and leave the hall ... Mo stagger to he foot . he futze with the stereo . soon , skynyrd 's " Tuesday 's go " lament from the speaker ... Mo slide back down to sit by Willie . Willie take another pull off the glenlivet ... willie .-- all I be sayin 's be you have this amazing ... thing . this person with all that potential , all that future ... this girl be go to be amazing ... she 's smart , she 's funny , she 's hot ... mo she 's thirteen -- willie I know . this be not a sexual thing , mo. get over that . this be ... I could wait . mo what ? willie I could wait . ten year . she 's 23 . I be ~- 39 ... no big deal ... mo you be insane ... willie . no , hear I out ... do it ... have it ever occur to you , that the right per -- do you believe there 's one right person for everyone ? mo yeah . sure . willie do it ever occur to you , have it ever occur to you , that sometimes thing get screw up ? that sometimes the right person for you may be bear at the wrong time ... you ever think of that ? that there exist the right one , but for the minor inconvenience of be bear at different time in , in , in ... time ... mo so what , like my perfect mate be wander around back in the day of Columbus -- ? willie maybe . or maybe just a few year ... mo Willie , you be scare I here -- willie this be platonic . this be rely platonic . this girl , though , be gonna be amazing ... a thing to behold ... I be actually jealous of this kid on the bike . this short kid on the bike . cos he get to be she age ... right now . and I get to feel like some vile , old man . I get to feel like , what 's he name ... ? : mo Roman polanski -- ? willie noooo . nabakov . like some nabakov chara cter ... some vile , old , hairy , fat , to stinky , putrid man ... you just want Bay t with of she , in all sincerity : take I you when you go -- mo the girl be a zygote when you be in seventh grade -~ what ? willie so you think this be like my way of put it off ... the inevitable ... ? hink this be my way of say I want to grow old ... ? mo no this be you way of say you want to grow up ... Mo take a pull off the bottle ... Willie be a tad you t do not I thi do not beat . teary now ... willie I dunno , man . I use to be a happy guy ~ Mo hand he the bottle . Willie take a pull ... I jus yeah . willie ( cont . ) t want something beautiful , Mo ... mo well , who do not , Willie ? ext . sharon 's house - later - night the house be dark . mother , in she robe . the front door open ~- to Sharon 's birdman stand in the cold ... beat . she 's can I sharon 's mother sleep , Tom -- birdman see she ? sharon' mother she 's sleep ... birdman nod . tell birdman she I be by -- 64 . sharon 's mother you should know : a lot of plan go into tonight . Planning , money . and you grive off with another girl ... birdman I give she a ride . she be drunk ... Movement behind Sharon 's mother . it be Sharon ... birdman see she ... sharon' mother Sharon -- Sharon come to the door ... still coolly resign ... sharon I be fine ... Sharon 's mother walk into the recess of the house ... sharon ( cont . ) what -~ ? birdman I just want to -- sharon you do not have to apologize , Tom . I '' fine ... - birdman no , but I -- sharon I feel okay . a little tired . I think I eat too much -- birdman Sharon -- sharon no . birdman can not we just -- sharon no . and she close the door . birdman nod and walk to he truck . Sharon open the door and call after he : sharon ( cont . ) Tommy -~ he turn back -- sharon ( cont . ) happy birthday -- and she close the door . and he stare ... it 's freezing out , though that 's not why he shiver ... ext . mac' pond - day the level white plain of the freeze lake be crowded with skater - the riot of brightly - color winter clothes in stark contrast to the bare tree and black underbrush along the shore , and the high , blue vault of sky overhead . Willie , in full hangover , follow Mo and he two kid onto the ice - Willie be the only one not wear skate ... mo the guy be over there -- Mo point to a small frame shack in the middle of the lake . Willie make he way over ... int . frame shack like a outhouse on runner , cover with wallboard . Paul , and kev sit on beach chair , around a hole in the ice , a foot wide in diameter . a cross - beam along the inside of the shack have a series of line dangle into the hole . each line have a red flannel flag attach to it that will fly up when a fish take bait . the boy be ice -nfish . a cooler of Beer , a bottle of schnappes , a minnow bucket full of shiner and they be styling ... kev Willie C .! what up , bro -- ? willie hey , guy -- Willie notice that Paul and kev be wear the same clothes they have on last night -- willie you guy never go home last night -- ? 01/22/95 =-:16:43 310 788 2319 peninsula B h oo2 kev come right here . the pike be runn in ' so they tell we . willie ( to Paul ) any play with andera -- ? paul nab . she do agree 10 go out with I , though -- willie like a date - ? paul we do not get into specifics -- Paul geis unsteadily to he foot -- paul ( cont . ) c'mere , I want to show you something — ext . frame shack / mac' pond they emerge , Paul squinting at the sunlight ... Paul walk across the lake , Willie follow , paul . ( cont . ) ob , God -- Willie look : Mo and he fat kid be daisy - chain by , all grin and giggle ... mo wheeeeeeeeceze ~~ | Willie and Paul watch they skate away -- paul fuckin ' Mo 's get it wire , man . he 's like a retarded person . he doc not know any better . he do not dcsire new experience , new woman , nothing , he 's like the mental paticnt who do not know he 's mental , so he 's perfectly content ... ( beat ) here you go -- they approach a handsome man. 30 , teach a litle girl to side-stop ... we recognize the girl ~ it be Kristen , darian ' 's daughter ... so thc man must be darian 's husband , steve rossmore 67 . and it be . Steve wave to Paul -- Paul slap he paul what 's up , stevie -- ? steven how be you , Paul -- ? paul cool , man . hi , Kristen ! stevie , this be Willie conway - buddy from high school . Willie , Steve rossmore , darian 's hub -- willie Nice to meet you -- steven likewise -- on the back ... paul take care , buddy ... say hello to darian ... ' bye , Kristen ! Willie and Paul walk back toward the shack ... but Willie be not marty paul believe that shit ? willie he have no idea ? paul he 's a blind yuppie . Hell of a guy . but he 's a blind - ass yuppie . too busy work on he bonus to notice he wife takin 's she love to town -- t listen . Willie have see across the ice , skate with a group of kide she age -- willie I will meet you back at the shack , man -- he walk over to where marty skate ... natch , she 's graceful , she movement sublime ... when she see he , she 's genuinely pleased ... she skate over ... side -stop inch from he .. . marty what the heck be you do here ? willie my friend be ice-fish in that shack ~ marty that guy be you friend ? willie you know ‘em -- ? marty they be here every Sunday . we call ‘em the drunken - dryn-Heave ~ cheese -eat - filth -need - outhouse boy ... and they be you friend -- ? willie acquaintance , really -- marty yeah , right -- . willie so where 's scooter ? marty who ? willie what 's he name ? billy ? Tiger ? pookie ? the little dwarf on the bike ? marty Andrew . willie Andrew ! where be he ? marty he dork out on I . I be not into he anymore . he 's a turnip ~- willie you get someone new ? she skate a crossover . tries a little waltz jump ... she 's good ... she smile ... marty yeah . you. willie what ? marty you . you be my new boyfriend , Willie . be you up to it ? oh , I feel faint -- ghe collapse into he , sprawling , exaggerated . he catch er -- ~~ dust as Mo skate by with he kid ... Mo stare at Willie , horrify ... Willie release marty ... she laugh ... marty ( cont . ) my hero -- she skate a circle around he , playful now -- marty ( cont . ) you gonna marry that girl in NYC ? willie I do not know . why ? marty I do not think you should -- willie how come ? marty you should wait till you be ready . you should wait till you meet somebody who excite you ... willie she may not be out there -- marty it 's like the wizard of 0Z , William . the whole time it be right in you own backyard -- willie what do you mean ? marty I , Willie . I and you . willie really ? marty you do not think ? she twirl ... all smile ... she 's have fun ... willie we have a little age problem -- marty I know . we be as star-cross as Romeo and juliet ... it 's a tragedy of elizabethan proportion ... willie " what light through yonder window break / tis the east and juliet be the sun ... 7 marty " and the color girl go : doo-do- do - ~ do-do-do-do-do ... " Willie laugh . marty 's friend , some ten yard away , watch they , schoolgirl snicker ... willie so what do we do ? marty alas , poor Romeo . we can not do diddly . you will go to penitentiary ... i’1l_be the laugh stock of the brownie . but , if you feeling for I be true ... you will wait . willie wait ? marty yep . wait . five year . i’1l be 18 . we can walk through this world together . willie in five year , you will not even remember I -<- marty William ! willie I be form , you be not . you have still get change to go through . you 'il Change . then I will be winnie the pooh , to you Christopher Robin ... marty no literary reference be leave unturned . how do you figure pooh ? willie Christopher Robin outgrew pooh . that 's how it end . he have pooh while he be a child . pooh and ant the gang - eeyore more dae willie ( cont would ) and piglet and all of they . but when he mature he do not need they anymore . marty that 's the saddest thing I ever hear -- willie it 's true . you do not realize it now , but you will ] be do some change . and I can not be you pooh -- she see he 's serious . and maybe she be just fool around all along ... maybe not ... marty you be excellent , Willie -- willie I know ... , marty I be gonna skate away now , pooh -- willie kick it , Christopher -- she mitten -wave and glide off back to she giggle coterie of girlfriend ... Willie sigh , big time . and walk on back to the shack ... ext . the johnson inn - night Paul , wear the first nice shirt we have see he in , pull he truck up to the inn , motorhead 's " too good to be true " blast on the deck ... ... he honk the horn . ever the gentleman . the passenger door open and andera climb in , shine like the moon ... paul how be you ? andera okay . you ? paul dandy . Fine and dandy . shall we go ? andera where be we go ? paul a little bar I know ... int . " the moonlight mile " - SALOON - night the corner bar Jan and Victor frequent . a crowded , smoky joint ... a good juke box rock pretty steady with Van morrison , e Band , Little feat ... a few couple sway on the small dance floor ... Paul take andera 's hand and they walk through the place -- andera be a magnet for warm , lusty look ... Paul , by virtue of he proximity , be awash in admire glance ... they pass Jan and Victor , at a side table ... Jan shake she head ... Paul give they a " oh , what a surprise ! " salute and walk on to a back booth ... none of this be lose on andera -- they sit down ... a waitress come around ... paul a bottle of you best champagne -- ' waitress we do not have a " best " champagne . they be all pretty much the same -- paul whatever -- Paul relax in the booth ... angle both he and andera into Jan 's field of vision ... Paul put a arm around she , take a cigar from he jacket pocket ... roll it around in he mouth . the waitress bring over a bottle of champagne in a bucket and two glass ... she light he btogie . +» pour the bubbly ... leave ... Paul raise he glass ... paul to new friend ... andera do not lift she glass ... andera what 's go on ? paul what ? andera what be you do ? paul what do you mean ? andera what 's with this Al capone thing ? paul Al capone -- ? andera who 's that girl ? paul what girl ? andera that girl ? over there -- she point to Jan ... Jan see ... Paul push she hand down ... too late - andera ( cont . ) who be she ? paul she 's no one . she 's my , uh , she 's my ' bookkeeper . very efficient . Real head for figure -- andera you be full of shit ~~ paul I be serious -- andera I will walk right out of here ... make the biggest scene you can imagine -- paul she 's my bookkeeper -- andera I be get ready to scream ... paul she 's my cousin -- andera I will throw the bottle -- paul she 's a Manson girl and I have be tracking she for the FBI -- andera ( rise ) here we go -- ( 4. paul ( rapid ) | she 's my ex- girlfriend , we break up after seven year cause she 's see that 40 - year- old meat-cutte excuse for a human be and it make I crazy ... ( beat ) there ! you happy ? andera sit back down ... she smile ... andera why do not you say 50 ? van morrison 's " crazy Love " play on the juke ( " she give I love , love , love , love / craaazy love ... " ) . andera stands ... paul please do not make a scene -- she hold out a hand -- andera you want to dance -- ? the look on she face would rouse the castrate . Paul could not be more surprised ... he take she hand ... andera ( cont . ) put out the goddamn cigar , first -- jan & victor drink draft beer at they table ... Jan watch as Paul and andera slow - dance to the morrison tune ... andera be all over Paul ... grind , caress , nuzzling ... Paul try to be cool , but he 's obviously amaze ... victor who be that ? jan Paul ... victor no shit ? who 's the babe ? jan I do not know -- victor she 's gorgeous -- Jan shoot dagger at he ... he take she hand ... victor . ( cont . ) not gorgeous like you ... extra-special walk - talk - girl-of-my-dreams gorgeous . but gorgeous just the same ... Jan stamp out she cigarette ... jan can we leave please -- ? victor sure -- she get to she foot and storm to the exit . Victor throw some cash on the table and follow she out ... paul see they leave . after they be go , he howl ... High -five andera ... shout to the bartender : . paul drink for everyone -- ! cheer from the crowd . " touch I " by the Doors crank . Paul be suddenly transmogrify into Zorba the Greek ... lead all in a festive dance ... the joint erupt into jubilant anarchy , Paul and andera lead the charge ... int . paul be truck - later - night Paul be still flush with victory ... paul that be the great ... that be the single great evening of my life ... Paul grab she suddenly ... Big kiss ... she jerk away , angry . andera what be you do ? paul what ? andera I have a boyfriend -- paul what difference do that make ? andera a lot of difference . paul so what be that back there ? andera that be for you . you be rather pathetic , Paul . I want to help -- paul come on -- andera I nil see you later , Paul -- she get out of the truck ... slam the door ... paul what a bitch ... beat . he consider . he roll down the passenger window ... paul ( cont . ) ( shout ) I will call you -- ! ( beat ) uh , thanks -- ! int . birdman' truck - moving - later - night he drive along this cold , desert night . supertramp 's " take the Long Way Home " warbling from the deck ... up ahead , in the darkness , walk a figure . it be andera . he pull up alongside she . they breath come out in white plume , like comic-strip balloon ... birdman what be you do out so late ? andera I be with you friend . Paul . birdman he 's not my friend . he life in my house . I get termite . I get roach . I get Paul . you want a lift ? andera no ... it 's nice to be able to walk after dark ... birdman it 's one of the few perk of life in the Ridge ... he nod ... beat ... andera it 's a good one ... beat ... andera ( cont . } so why do they call you " birdman ? " birdman when I be a kid I use to jump off the rook of we garage . I think I could y - andera do you still ? birdman what ? andera think you can fly ? birdman sure . I just choose not to ... birdman { cont . ) can I ask you a question ? andera go -~ - birdman how long you be go out with you boyfriend ? andera eight month . why ? birdman it 's good ? andera it 's very good . birdman he make you happy ? andera yeah . I look for that in aman . the one that make I miserable ... they do not seem to last ... birdman right ... andera I like to hear four word before I go to sleep . four word . " good night , sweet girl . " that 's all it take . I ’ma sucker , I know . but a guy who can muster up that four word ( or , at the very least , a reasonable facsimile of that four word ) , be a guy I want to be with ... andera shrug . smile . it 's freezing . she rub she nose with one mitten hand ... even red -face and runny - nose , she may just be the loveliest thing in the universe ... birdman you know : even red-face and runny - nose , you may just be the loveliest thing in the universe ... andera I know ... birdman it 's cool that you know ... andera T know ... birdman it 's cool that you know that it 's cool that you know ... she nod ... andera we could ... birdman - go on all night ... yeah ... andera I will see ya -- birdman see ya -- he watch she walk ... her tall figure disappear into the frigid night air ... he smile to himself ... birdman ( cont . ) } good night , sweet girl -- he sigh and put the truck into gear , drive off down the silent street ... int . birdman / paul 's house - live room - day kev be sprawle on one couch , Willie be sprawle on the other . empty beer can sprawle everywhere else . neither guy move a muscle during this entire exchange ... willie early 70 oakland a 's dynasty . position by position . first base -- kev gene tenace . when he be not catch . willie second base . kev pass . come back to it . willie dhortstop -- kev bert " campy " campaneris ... willie third -- kev the Captain . sal bando . willie Left field -- kev - Joe rudi . though he could come in to play first when tenace be catch , call for claudell Washington to cover leave -- willie Center -- kev Bill North ... willie right field -- kev Reggie ... willie catcher -- kev when tenace be on first ? Ray fosse ... bo . . willie start rotation -- kev James " catfish " Hunter ; vida Blue ; Kenny holtzman ; John " Blue Moon " odom ; rollie finger on in relief ... willie second base -- kev Dick greene . great fielder . could not it . willie that 's amazing -- kev you know what 's more amazing ? willie what ? kev absolutely none of it have any practical application in real life ... Willie nod . kev sigh . and they sprawl on ... ext . mill park - day snow blanket this playground not far from the high school . Kristen , darian 's 3 ~ year - old , bundle up in she winter outfit , run around the jungle gym . birdman and darian sit on the swing . after a few beat of silence : birdman .... it 's just that I gotta think of beyond once or twice a week in bed and a few visit and feel like the biggest scumbag on earth every time I see you kid smile at I ... Kristen trundle over to they . climb onto one of the swing kristen push I , mommy ~-- birdman it 's a ridiculous situation . it 's make I crazy . it 's make you crazy . Sharon . Steve -- steven yep . can I buy you a drink ? birdman I be just leave -- steven c'mon , Tom . one drink -- he wave over the bartender -- birdman I really can not ... steven . okay ... so let I see if I get this right ... I can not buy you a drink - but you can stick you dick into my wife - beat . they hold a long , lean stare -- birdman ( to the barkeep ) shot a rye -- steven two -- the bartender fetch the drink -- steven ( cont . ) I think it 's knight 's Ridge . this fuck work class town . Girls grow up here , every time they see a toolbelt they get moist -- birdman I get a extra one I can lend you , Steve . hook you up with some vice - grip , ratchet , aller wrench -~ steven do not fuck with I , man ... the shot come ... birdman check on Steve 's buddy ... they watch he , baleful look on they scrubbed face -- steven ( cont . ) do not worry about they . this be I and you -- birdman I do not think it be , Steve . I do not figure you for a guy who fight he own battle . but i’1ll give you the benefit of the doubt ... darian Steven be not crazy . leave Steven out of it . I have be able to work it so Steven have no idea ... birdman maybe that 's cos I do not show up bomb at you birthday party ... kristen push I -- ! darian begin to push Kristen on the swing ... through the follow exchange , they only speak when Kristen be on the upsw ... darian Sharon know way before then -~- birdman ' yeah . well . maybe Steve do not know cos Steve do not give a shit ... darian do not try that , Bird . do not try and characterize my marriage as a bad one . Steven 's my best friend . he 's the father of my daughter . I love Steven -~ Kristen 's soar now ... she 's squealing in delight ... birdman I never , you know , ask you anything ... any question ... never . but lemme ask you something , darian : be you full of shit -- ? darian what do you mean -- ? the swing be a fuelly pendulum now , whip -fast ... birdman dust generally . me. us. you be back in the Ridge . you be bored . that 's what this be ali about ... darian do not flatter yourself . you be not that exciting . unfortunately , I be really into you ... darian be oblivious to she daughter 's aeronautics ... she 's focus on birdman ... darian ( cont . ) I be wrong . what I do . Saturday night . it be bad . JI hurt Sharon . I never mean to hurt Sharon . I be alone . you be with you friend . it be you special night . JI want to be there . I be sorry ... be that tear in she eye ... ? birdman study she ... ~ completely confuse now ... birdman yeah , well ... I dunno if I believe you ... darian you problem , birdman , be that the only time you believe a woman be tell the truth be when she 's tell you what a shit you be ... . birdman frown - darian be really push Kristen hard now ... hard and high ... darian ( cont . ) this be you " I feel guilt about Sharon " hase ... we have see it before , we will see it again ... birdman 's p.o.v. : the swingset 's main strut - Kristen 's become treacherously parallel to it ... and maybe she 's become a little afraid ... darian ( cont . ) I convinced Steven that the reunion would be a total bore for he ... I assume Sharon will not be accompany you -- and , at last , darian notice she daughter 's plight ... darian ( cont . ) Jesus -- ! and she slow down the swing ... Kristen be a little spook but she 's okay ... darian ( cont . ) we will both be there alone . we can cruise through together . just like the old day ... and we will see if you have just break up with I or not ... ( to Kristen ) let 's go , baby -- darian and Kristen walk off ... birdman watch they go ... 83. Kristen turn back and give he a huge gap-tooth grin ... int . conway house - kitchen - day Pete and dougie eat frank and bean ... the portable tv be on , broadcasting a celtic game ... Willie be on the cordless phone ... willie ( into phone ) --. it 's really up to you ... it could be fun . -- ap fun as a 10th year reunion can bee he walk to the window ... outside , he can see marty , chat it up with she girlfriend ... she look toward he house - see he . give a barely - perceptible nod ... willie ( cont . ) ( into phone ) -.. no , of course I want you to come ... you can meet some of the guy , explore exciting downtown knight 's Ridge ... it 's you call ... okay , it 's we call ... yeah , sure ... think about it ... I have think about it ... right ... talk to you soon ... he hang up ... both Pete and dougie howl about a buzzer - beater on the tv . but it do not go in and they curse . pete conway sonuvabitch ! dougie motherfuck ! Willie sigh and head out the door . int . the johnson inn - day stinky be behind the bar , lecture a group of drinker ... stinky sooner or later , a man come to the realization that , if he want to get laid on a regular basis , he 's gotta get marry . yeah , sure , you tay put together a good streak of variant nook , or land a mighty one , who want to go , go , go , without any hubris , but , by and large , if you want it regular , you gotta get marry . it 's base on a long - btand conspiratorial primacy ... drinker a what ? stinky indulge I . let 's wax historical . year and year ago - we be talk caveman age - all the woman get together and say : " look , if we want the prick to marry we , we can not be give the shit away . " you guy know how you be - you would be with a different girl every night , if it be just as easy as see one you like and 's ask she to bed . guy will do that . but the woman will not . ever wonder why not ? because of this ancient coffee klatsch they have , where it get decide . you see , woman have the maternal instinct , they need to have kid . so they devise this plot , at this meeting long ago , which say , and I paraphrase : if we do not start ration out the sweet stuff , they be never gonna marry we and we will be stick in the cave with the kid , with not meat , no fire , no wooly - mammoth blanket , cos trog 'il be out bang that cro-magnon bitch , oogla -- int . law office - day Sharon be at she work station , phone headset on ... it ring . sharon Mike syatt 's office ... birdman ( 0.s. ) I need to talk to you -- sharon no ... birdman ( 0.s. ) go to the window ... just go to the window ... why ? sharon ‘y ? birdman ( 0.s. ) please -~ ? beat ... she consider ... oo . sharon ( to another secretary ) cover my phone , Sally -- and Sharon disengage she headset ... her phone be one of that portable jobby ... so she can walk down the bright hallway to the 2nd story window , offer a full - view of the ext . parking lot below ... where birdman sit in he truck , on he cell - phone ... he 's park near she volkswagen convertible ... it 's snow ... he see she at the window . cross -cut conversation as necessary ... birdman I , wh , I come by to ... I write a note and I put it on you windshield ... I just want to make sure you see it ... but then ... it start snow ... angle : the volkswagen windshield ... a napkin note be under one wiper ... the snow be make the ink run ... birdman .. and the ink 's get all ... mooshy ... I mean , it be sort of a mooshy note to begin with ... now , it 's really mooshy ... sharon Tommy -- birdman I be just -- two men in suit walk past she . she 's instantly embarrassed . man hi , Sharon -- sharon hi -- they walk past ... one of the man ( yes , he 's handsome ) turn to look back at she ... he smile ... and go on he way ... birdman who 's that -~ ? sharon wait a sec -- bo. ext . office park birdman be outside he truck now ... Sharon approach ... he gesture to he gesture to darian ... sharon what -- ? birdman I , uh ... I want to talk ... sharon what be there to talk about ... ? do you feel like tell the truth ... ? birdman Truth ? what truth ? sharon what truth ? . birdman Sharon -- sharon darian small truth . for starter ... birdman darian small truth . darian small truth ... Sharon ... you be you ... she ... birdman and darian be ... darian be ... be ... like a ... the empty air ... try to conjure a image of sharon fantasy -- ? birdman yes . a fantasy -- sharon oh , so this be all just a big fantasy for you -- birdman you say it ... why do you feed I the word if be not go to work for you ...? sharon a fantasy -~ 87 . birdman not a fantasy like that ... sharon you know what , Tommy : you do not need to do this ... at all ... do not feel guilty ... just ... release I , okay ? I be have a good day . can not I have a good day ... ? can not I just be release ? birdman do not you wanna hear the note -- ? sharon not really . birdman ( read ; rapid ) " if they tell I the world be go to end in three minute , I have spend the first minute apologize to my family and the next two with you ... " Sharon be momentarily take aback ... sharon you think that up ? birdman yeah ... beat . then : ° sharon I have get to get back ... birdman okay ... she start for the office ... birdman shar -- ? she turn ... birdman ( cont . } any of this do anything for I here ? she look at he ... beat ... she head back for she office . to himself : birdman ( cont . ) I do not think so -- oe . birdman lean back on he truck ... tiit he head to the sky and the fall snow ... angle : the napkin note . now a indecipherable smudge of ink and melt snow ... int . birdman / paul 's house - paul 's room paul be put away he clean laundry ... Willie sit on the e paul I speak to Jan ... and it be obvious to both of we , that she no longer care ... she storm out of the bar on some knee - jerk level . once she think about it , she do not give a shit ... be be a revelation to I ... willie I think Tracy 's go to come up for the reunion ... paul no shit ? cool . I gotta get a date now Willie examine the girl on the wall ... willie you really gotta take this shit down -- paul - why ? willie you be like a serial killer -- paul do not cap on my supermodel , johnny . do not go there -- . willie I be just say - it 's creepy -- paul look who 's talk , Jerry Lee Lewis -- willie fuckin 's Mo -- paul I be all for it , buddy . Old enough to sit at the table / Old enough to eat -- willie it 's not like that -- oy . paul sure , sure . hey , if she can cut she own food , she 's fair game ... willie I be just say , you oughtta take ‘em down ... Paul turn to Willie , speak like a practice orator ... paul the supermodel be beautiful girl , Willie . a beautiful girl can make you dizzy . like you have be drink Jack and Coke all morning . she can make you feel high , full of the single great commodity know to man : promise . the -- birdman be at the door ... birdman what 's this ? paul quiet , I be into something here . promise . the promise of tomorrow , the promise of a great hope , the promise of a better ay ... birdman {to Willie ) he speak to Jan , again -- ? willie I be afraid so -- paul this particular ore can be find in the gait of a beautiful girl . in she smile and she soul and the way she make every rotten little thing about life seem as if it 's go to be okay ... birdman this from a man who once say : " tit be like Beatles song - there be not any bad one ... " paul the supermodel - Cindy , christy , helena , Claudia , and the rest - that 's all they be . bottle promise . scene from a brand new day . hope , dance in stiletto heel ... vue willie I be now go to check you freezer for human head -- paul a beautiful girl be all - powerful . and that 's as good as love ... ext . the johnson inn - night a dusting of snow . it 's not even stick ... int . the johnson inn - night Willie be at the piano , play the dirtiest blue hear in this part . a dead drunk version of clarence Williams 's tin Pan aliey gem " baby , wo not you please come Home . " the place be empty ... stinky read the sport page at the bar . a few bibulous regular drink away the phill oe . andera enter ... she speak to stinky ... order a cocktail ... walk over to where Willie play ... he open he eye ... see she ... stop ... andera that 's nice ... really , really nice ... willie " , .. less intense and emotionaliy possess than normal , but no less effective because of its pointillist coloration ... andera Excuse I -- ? willie that be the teacher 's exact comment after my first recital ... I play gershwin . rhapsody in blue ... when in doubt , go gershwin ... andera be you drunk ? willie I dunno , but you be both very beautiful . andera you seem kind of sad -- . willie job requirement ... happy piano player work the circus ... gl . andera , I think you knight 's Ridge guy take the lady way too seriously -- willie only until baseball season start . pitcher and catcher report to camp in two month , two week and five day . you wanna go home with I ? andera no . willie I have to ask . be perfectly honest , I do not find you the least bit attractive andera really ? willie . really . now you want to go home with I andera no. willie I try every angle -- andera job requirement -- willie right . andera play something else -- willie what , you do not like boozy , after-hour musician banter -- ? andera can not dance to it -- willie you would be surprised -- Willie drain he highball ... andera sip at hers . willie ( cont . ) okay . you have spurn both my sexual advance and my attempt at conversation . I will now reach deep down into my bag of trick - you wanna go ice-fish ? andera I have love too -- willie Strike three. ( double-take ) what do you say ? andera isaid : I would love too -- willie all good -- ext . mac 's pond - night the snow continue to fall . a single light flicker inside int . ice - fishing shack -- courtesy of a oil - lamp . Willie and andera sit on separate chair , cover in blanket . they pass a bottle of cheap cognac they manage to cage off stinky -- the line have be bait and dangle into the ice-hole . willie ... you know how it be - the beginning . when you first fall in love . can not eat , can not sleep , can not dress yourself or concentrate on work . a phone call from she be like see a shoot star - make you day ... it 's the best feel , be not it ? andera it be awesome -- willie but inevitably , it go away . it quiet down ... it can not last forever . impossible . it wane . so my thing be - why get marry now ? why not have two , three more of that beginning thing - before I settle down into the Big fade - andera " the Big fade ? " that 's a awful way to put it . Marriage , I mean -- willie it 's true , though -- beat ... Willie beat . Willie shrug . 93 . andera in any relationship , you grow , you mature , it can not always be firework and drumbeat ... willie I like firework and drumbeat ... andera everyone do . but that get replace . by love . and understanding . anda sense of commitment and share ... look at she ... willie tell I this : can you think of anything better than make love to a attractive stranger on a cold snowy night , in the ' middie of a freeze lake , with a belly full of cognac and only a oil light to guide you ... can you think of anything better ~- ? andera hemorrhoid surgery . pancreatic cancer . World War III ... willie well , sure . of course . but besides that -- - willie ( cont . ) we do not make - out in restaurant anymore andera what ? willie I and Tracy . in the old day , that could be a entire evening . '' a entire perfect evening . a corner booth . ina dark restaurant ... a bottle of wine . gust giggle and make out for our ... andera I hate to be the bearer of bad news , Willie . but ( now brace yourself ) there be more to life than make out in restaurant ... nod . sigh ... 94 . andera I should be get home -- willie she 's come tomorrow -- andera that 's obvious -~ willie I get no feel about that . I get a feel of overwhelming ambivalence . I have rather dread she arrival , than not give a shit either way ... beat . he sip from the bottle ... willie ( cont . ) I look at you ... and I think it 's amazing that there 's a guy out there who get to do all kind of shit with you ... get to make you happy and see you in the morning and make you martinis and smell you skin after a day at the beach and pepper you belly with baby kiss and read the papers with you on rainy sunday . '' and then I think there 's probably some guy out there who think the same thing ... but about Tracy ... and he 's jealous of I and my get to do all that with she ... and it 's like there 's this endless chain of other guy dream about other woman in some other world ... and , I dunno about you , andera , but the whole thing kinda make I crazy int . gina 's hair ~- day as gina rant , she 's work on a series of women , get they ready for the reunion ... gina be yousexcite ? I be fairly pump . the cool thing about reunion be that they be the ultimate equalizer ... another customer be in the chair ... gina ( cont . ) everyone be transformed . no one leave untouched . the stud become tired mope . the nerd become large sword rattler . the head cheerleader life in a trailer park . another ... 95 . gina ( cont . ) the ugly duckling wear smart suit and sexually harass she handsome assistant . the class slut become a man . it 's totally terrific . yet another ... gina ( cont . ) do you hear ? sti womack 's cousin , andera ? beautiful girl . face belong on the side of a coin , I swear . Willie conway get she out to the Mac 's Pond Ice shack ... and one more ... gina ( cont . ) ... and he get no play whatsoever ... no kid ... typical Willie conway behavior ... get a girl to a lonely spot ... and then talk she ear off ... it 's like I always say : " talk be for gameshow host . let 's get naked ... " int . gina 's hair gina sit in she chair , exhaust , enjoy a cigarette ... the door jangle . darian small have enter the salon ... gina ( cont . ) helio , darian -- darian hi , gina ... marlene get food poisoning . could you fit I in ... ? gina you want I to do you hair -- ? darian desperate time call for desperate measure ... gina I use to do you hair . remember ? before you become a enormous snot ... darian I have always be a enormous snot , gina . darian sit down in the chair ... gina cover she with a smock and select a nasty pair of shear ... they exchange a look in the mirror . two imperious face . 96 . gina lick she chop ... approach darian 's head ... make a snip ... a huge clot of hair fall to the floor ... the two stare at the mass of hair . gina look shocked ... gina omigod ! I actually do it . oh , boy ... if you wanna call the cop , understand ... Jesus ... I , uh ... I can fix it ... darian | it 's go to take some serious sorcery to compensate for that clump of hair ... gina I can do it ... I can do it , I swear ... gina eyeball darian 's squash . and set to cut like a ady . ext . conway house - day a saab 900 pull up in front . Willie come out of the house , all smile , as tracy stewart , 29 emerge from the car . Tracy be lovely . Brown bang down to she eyebrow , a high ponytail . Ann Taylor meet ayn rand . tracy hey , there -- willie hey , baby -- they kiss at she trunk . Willie take she slim garment bag ... he sneak a peek at marty 's house , but no one 's around . tracy you look awful -- willie I have be drunk for two week -- tracy sound like home -- int . conway kitchen - later - night Pete and dougie conway stare at Tracy across the kitchen table - as if she be some rare bird only sporadically sighted over this part ... Willie clear Tracy laugh . yt . the finish dinner dish before they ... pete conway that be superb , Tracy -~ dougie the fact that you can cook , roll into the fact that you be a successful lawyer and the fact that you be stun to look at , make I , just , insane ... willie dougie -- she 's totally at ease with this two maniac . tracy I be flatter , Doug -- pete conway that be superb , Tracy -- willie we be gonna shower . we be go to Mo 's for a little pre-bash . you wanna shower first , trace , or -- dougie you shower first , will ... we can use that time to bond ... they do not take they eye off she . Willie frown -- tracy go ahead , Willie . I '1 ] be fine ... resigned , he go upstairs to the bathroom ... Pete and dougie continue the gaze ... pete conway that be superb , Tracy -- int . willie 's room he look out he bedroom window ... marty be below , in she yard , pick icicle off the eave ... she look a little sad Willie open he window ... willie hey -- marty look up ... smile ... 98 . marty . '' romeo and juliet - the dyslexic version . " willie what be you do ? marty another exciting Saturday night . willie you get so many exciting Saturday night in you future , kid , it 's unreal -- marty yeah , well . you lady 's here , huh ? willie yeah ... ' marty I see she . she 's pretty ... willie she 's okay ... she 's not as pretty as you marty she 's get that boob thing go for she , though -- willie she can get into r-rated movie , too -- marty two word not in she vocabulary : lunch money ... Willie laugh . marty pick off a few more icicle ... willie marty -- ? she look up ... willie ( cont . ) I hope ... I hope we stay in touch . because I hope , someday , to learn what you be do ... because ... I think ... it will be something amazing ... I really do ... he smile down at she ... she smile up at he ... ext . conway house / int . tracy 's saab - night gg . Willie and Tracy be dress up fine . Willie be behind the wheel of the saab . Pete and dougie stand at they front door , wave goodbye . forlorn . " Willie drive off . willie unbelievable . that two have not like anyone since Steve mcqueen die -~ tracy they be nice . willie they be not " nice . " they be as far away from " nice " as they could be . if " nice " be London , they be Tokyo ... she lean into he , kiss he neck ... tracy . okay . you be nice ... she close she eye , nuzzle he . Willie look at himself in the rear-view ... if " nice " be London , he 's the friggin’ moon . int . birdman / paul 's house - night Paul be dress , jacket and tie . birdman sit in front of the tv in he sweat ... _ paul I can not believe you be not gonna go --- birdman have fun , man -- paul you love high school . people be gonna wonder what happen to you ? birdman tell ‘em I be in geneva , work on the cure for cancer .... paul I think kev 's use that one -- a horn honk outside ... . paul ( cont . ) you be just gonna sit here like a loser ? birdman Channel 38 's show rich man , poor man . all twelve part . ina row -~ Paul look amaze ... avu . paul no shit ? the horn honk again , impatient now ... paul ( cont . ) 365 night a year I do shit . the one night . '' the one lousy night . tape it for I ? birdman nope. paul Birdie -~- birdman falconetti -- paul . oh , man ! be there ever a more terrifying screen villain than falconetti ? birdman nope ... paul you gonna watch it ? birdman yep . - paul bastard . birdman yep . he smile . Paul curse and leave the house . birdman 's smile fade ... int . moas house ~- night perhaps 20 people , all dress to the tooth . Mo and Lisa , gina , Willie , Tracy , stinky and a few other ... Paul and kev be with two heavily bimb - out 20 - year - old girl ( tiffany & jolie ) . Mo serve booze at the bar ... a few platter of munchy be about ... Tracy be acquitting herself beautifully . everyone love she ... Willie stand at the bar with Mo ... Paul come over to they , laugh at something Tracy say . paul Willie , my friend , I gotta tell you : she be delightful -- willie " delightful ? " who be you , rex Harrison ? paul she 's fuckin’ amazing . what , may I ask , be you major malfunction , man ? she 's smart , she 's funny , she 's get a great ass . Nice rack , 50 far as I can tell . Nice rack ? willie Nice rack . paul . she 's rich , she 's charming , she 's get a great ass ... willie you mention that . paul it 's that good -- willie ( be : the 20 - yr-old ) who be the hooker -- ? paul kev and I go out with ‘em every now and then . they be nice girl . take I a week to get the lipstick stain off my dick , though ... willie Lovely visual -- int . the johnson inn - night fairly crowded tonight . birdman stroll in , belly up to the bar . he order a shot of rye and a beer . he turn to check out the crowd and immediately know he 's make a mistake come here ... ... for , at a side table , Steven rossmore , darian 's husband , sit with four of he boy - ex-frat guy , big and clean - cut and beer-drunk ... birdman turn back to the bar . birdman shit . birdman knock back he shot ... sip he brew ... int . moas house - night Mo be really suck they down . Lisa look concerned ... lisa you be drink too much -- mo I know . lisa what 's the matter ? mo I be worried . I worry . I be a worrier . lisa what be you worried about ? mo the guy . they be all miserable -- lisa be you miserable ? mo no . but when you be friend be miserable you get that much closer to miserable . lisa I think that 's sweet -~- mo I think it 's miserable -- on the other side of the room - Paul grab Willie -- paul cc’mere -~- Paul drag he over to one corner of the room ... paul ( cont . ) do you hear ? andera go back to Chicago . she be suppose to stay through the reunion , but she just up and leave ... willie really ? paul what do you do to she in that shack ? 103 . willie it tell you . we just talk ... paul you tell she thing , do not you ? willie what thing ? paul . you let she behind the curtain , do not you ? willie maybe she miss she boyfriend ... paul you let she behind the curtain . you do . I know you do . you never let ‘em behind the curtain . you never let ‘em see the little old man behind the curtain work the lever of the great and powerful Oz ... they be ail sister ... and they be not allow back there ... they must not see ... willie tell I the truth : do you stay up night think about this shit ? paul you say it like it 's a bad thing -- int , the johnson inn birdman finish he beer . a hand be on he shoulder . he turn around , Steven rossmore be there ... he 's shitface . steven hello , Tom -- birdman Steve -- steven how come you be not at the reunion ? birdman not into it -- steven wo not darian be disappointed -- birdman she go ? 105 . Steve chug he shot ... rise ... 's I ’1ll be outside -- birdman yo , Steve ... I can understand this shit 's get you crease , but we do not have to go this way -- steven i think we do -- birdman you think sportin’ a bust nose and a neck -brace be gonna keep darian in you bed -- ? zi think it will just make you look like a fuckin’ mutt -- beat . i£ look could kill , Birdie have be in eyeball auschwitz . steven I all be outside -- he walk away . birdman shake he head . knock back he shot . birdman shit . ext . the johnson inn - Steve panther the parking lot . birdman come out -- birdman Steve , we do not gotta -- the frat boy be there . fist bunched . ready ... and the frat boy be in he face . birdman ( cont . ) arright ... come on then - I be rootin’ for you guy . I swear to God , I be xootin for ya -- and birdman whirl on they ... a flurry of punch ... his rage be corporeal ... birdman ( cont . ) } you like this ... ? you like it ... ? welcome to the Machine . woo-hoo ! be we have fun yet ? do ya love I -- ? Steve rossmore run back into the Inn ... birdman ( cont . ) stevie , where you go ? it 's a party . Big fun . Big fun . Big fun ... frat boy blood be spill ... the birdman can fight ... he 's frenzied , furious ... he continue to pummel they ... when -~- -- whump ! birdman be hit from behind . by Steve rossmore . holding a large Beer mug . birdman hit the ground , eat snow ... and they be on he . kick , stomping , punch ... Steve rossmore lead the charge --~ steven now , who 's the fuckin’ mutt -- !?! int . moas house stinky hang up the telephone ... everyone be huddle around be ... a drunken Mo punch a hole in one wall . Lisa be mortify . lisa Michael -- ! Mo groan like a wallop walrus ... Willie come into the room from the bathroom .... willie ( cont . ) what 's go on -- ? - stinky my brother just call from the inn ... Birdie get the shit kick out of he ! paul c/ mon , man -- ! stinky , Paul , gina and kev leave the room ... Mo grab Willie . mo let 's go -- |! lisa Michael , I do not think you should -- mo leave I alone , Lisa . leave I alone ! liga look like he slap she . Mo head for the door ... turn to Willie -~ mo you come -- ? willie yeah . wait asec . Tracy , I -- tracy go , Willie . dust go -- Willie nod . and follow Mo out the door -~ int . the johnson inn the place be close . the guy - Willie , Mo , stinky , Paul and kev - enter ... stinky 's older brother , frank , be there ... frank he do not want I to call the cop . he say no cop ... but this be crazy ... paul where be he ? frank over here -- birdman sit in a corner booth . he 's a bloody mess ... and he breathes like there be break rib . he 's barely conscious , stinky Birdie ! you okay , man -- ? clearly he 's not -- kev we gotta get he to a hospital -- Mo be in Frank 's face -~- mo who do this ? frank I dunno . some guy -- Mo shake he -- mo who ? frank hey , cut the -- . stinky prank , do not be a douchebag . who do it 108 . girl # 2 the rossmore guy . you know , with the hot wife ? him and he buddy . they aid it -- Mo head for the exit ... willie where you go -- ? mo to find Steve rossmore -- willie just wait a second -- Mo do not . Mo 's go . willie all of a sudden , he 's Charles bronson -- paul arright . wait , wait . I and Willie will go with Mo ... kev , you and stinky get Bird to the hospital ... how 's that ? kev it 's a plan -- a truck revs high and hard outside --~- paul that would be my truck -- Willie and Paul make a dash for the exit ... birdman moan on in the booth -- int . sheraton HOTEL - function room - boston - CLASS reunion some 200 people , all near 30 , be gather here ... several bar , a dj set - up , table and chair ... darian small walk through . her haircut be slightly ridiculous . gina try she best , but ... darian look for birdman ... look for any of the other ... but they be not here ... darian be alone ... the queen be without a court ... and she look none too happy of the fact . she go to a chair against a rear wall . she sit down next to a fat man , also alone against the wall ... fat man you use to be darian small ... 109 . darian that 's right ... fat man I be Peter gropeman . you remember I ? darian no ... fat man I have a weight problem . you use to call I " Peter the eater . " you make I ¢ry in 7th grade ... darian I do ? fat man you tell a entire classrcom that you could hear I come a mile away by the sound my thigh rub together make when I walk ... darian I say that ? fat man yep . darian I be sorry -- Peter the eater shrug ... beat ... darian nod ... fat man you here alone ? darian I ... I guess ... fat man that 's kinda weird . darian small . here alone ... God , you be somethin’ in they day ... beautiful ... you be beautiful ... but , you do not mind I sayin’ , mean as a snake ... you be mean as a snake ... beat ... Peter the eater nod , too ... they sit and watch they classmate dance and eat and drink ... ahd soon they be lose to we amidst the swell of body inebriated with nostalgia ... ext . knight 's ridge road / int . paul 's truck - moving Paul drive . Willie and Mo beside he ... it begin to snow . paul it 's snow . I can not believe it . I be gonna have to plow tonight -- ! they ride in silence for a beat . then : willie of course , birdman be sleep with the guy 's wife -- mo so ? willie I mean it be not like he be all that imnocent -- paul he deserve to get thrash like that ? willie no , but ... this do present something of a moral dilemma -- Paul and Mo stare at he like he 's nut ... beat . willie ( cont . ) arright . fuck it . let 's lynch the bastard -- ext . darian 's house - night the snow be heavier now . Paul pull the truck up into the long tudor driveway we opened with ... willie we get a plan ? but Mo be out of the truck and racing up the drive ... willie ( cont . ) no plan . Mo be pound on the front door ... int . darian 's house Steve , in boxer , t-shirt and tube sock , glance out the window ... he pick up he cordless phone ... dial a number . steven ( into phone ) hey . how far be you guy ? yeah . you wanna turn arount and come back ? I get more steven ( cont ‘’d ) company ... cool bean , dude ... ext . darian 's house Willie and Paul have join Mo at the door -- willie I be get wick " villager outside frankenstein 's castle " vibe - how bout you , guy -- ? before they can respond , Steve have open the door , still in boxer and tee -- steven can I help you , guy ? Mo rip open the storm door and yank Steve outside , toss he into a nearby snowbank ... : steven ( cont . ) what the fuck be this ? Mo be apoplectic , wail , enraged -- mo you mess with my friend , you mess with I ! you beat - up my friend , you beat - up I ! you take what 's mine , you take what 's yours ! you go to the fountain , you drink , you do not drink ... ' 1 Willie shoot Paul a look . Paul shrug . do not ask I ... steven I do not know what you be talk -- but Mo be on he , shove Steve 's head into the snow -- mo do not you talk back to I , little man ! paul easy , Mo -- headlight come up the long drive ... a BMW , load with lineman ... Steve have call they on they cellular ... steven the cavalry have arrive . asshole -- Steve , shiver , get to he foot ... Mo and Paul look to the oncoming auto ... oé N paul it 's all bad -- Paul turn to look at Willie . but Willie be nowhere to be oun -- paul ( cont . ) will -- 7 ? the BMW roar up to the house ... Steve wear the most . sanctimonious of grin ... Paul look scared ... even Mo be sober considerably ... the beemer come to a stop ... but before the fratnboy can get out of they car , they be blind by light -~ -- and a engine sing to life ... it be Paul 's truck - Willie at the wheel ... he raise the plow ... put the car into gear ... ' and head straight for the BMW -- ! the frat boy scream . Willie barrel the truck right at they kee-runch ! the plow hit the driver 's side of the car ... the guy inside shriek as the car be pushed several foot and wedged up against the snowbank on the passenger side ... make it impossible to get out ... Paul howl ... Mo giggle ... Steve be horrify ... Willie shut off the engine ... hop from the truck ... paul you rock , johnny ... they high -five ... Mo return he attention to Steve ... mo now , where be we , shithead ? Mo grab the scruff of Steve 's tee-shirt and be about to lay a big fist on he , when -- kristen ( 0.s. ) daddy -- ? she be at the door ... in she nightie ... look for all the world like Little Cindy Lou who from the grinch ... paul what be she do here ? 113. steven we have a sitter . I send she home . kristen daddy ? what -- ? Kristen look at Mo - the man hurt she daddy - with big , blue wounded eye ... Mo look at Steve ... steven I be just try to save my family here , man " -- Mo could not be more ashamed ... he look at he friend .... look back at the little girl ... he release Steve ... sigh . and walk back to the pick -up ... Willie and Paul watch he go . Paul turn to Steve ... paul stay away from we , stevie Boy . just stay away forever ... and they go back to the truck ... Steve look at Kristen ... steven go inside , honey . everything 's okay -- Willie and Paul climb into the truck . the frat - guy scream on from the bi Paul back up the pick-up ... freeing the griver 's 's side of the car . the frat guy explode out ... but Paul be already far down the driveway ... they chase after it , but it 's slippery and they give up ... at the foot of the driveway , the truck pass darian small in she Jeep , return from the reunion ... she roll down she window , she face a question mark . but they do not even give she the benefit of a roll - down . they just drive off ... she watch they leave she home , completely puzzle ... int . trendy bistro - night a upscale joint . yuppy and endive . Sharon sit at a two - top with a date - ( perhaps the man from she office who smile at she ) . late-30s , with a attractive , why -is~he - still - single ? look about he ... gina enter the restaurant , a little breathless . scour . she see Sharon and she date ... gina hey -- sharon . what be you do here , gina -- ? gina we have a little -- ( to the date ) gina barrisano -- date Brian donnelly ... they shake hand ... gina study brian ... she like what she see ... sharon gina -- ? gina God , this be kill I ... Brian , you be a inch from perfect . Sharon 's the best . do not let what will soon occur , in any way prevent you from allow this relationship to evolve . okay ? sharon gina -- ! gina shit. okay . birdman get himself all beat-up . Steve rossmore . he 's at grover ... without a moment 's hesitation , Sharon be out of she chair ... sharon I be sorry , Brian ... I have get to go ... gina ( to Brian ) told ya -- brian can I give you guy a lift ? . sharon we be fine ... let 's go , gina ... Sharon head for the door ... gina lag behind ... gina think of this as a glitch . a momentary lapse of reason , if you will ... Sharon call to she from the exit ... sharon gina -- ! gina gotta run -- int . grover hospital ~ waiting room - later ~ night kev , Tracy and Lisa wait ... Willie , Paul and Mo come in ... paul how be he ? kev they take he a while ago . we have not hear anything -- Willie sit down next to Tracy ... she take he hand ... tracy do you guy do macho thing ? Willie shrug . he watch mo and lisa down the hall a bit . mo do you call Annie ? teil she we would be date -- ? lisa yes . I tell she she could sleep over . mo that be good -- lisa you okay ? beat . Mo nod . look at she . mo I be sorry , lis -- lisa do not . it 's cool -- she put she arm around he . he hug she . hard . kev here we go -- they look up . stinky be come down the corridor . everyone get up and encircle he -- stinky he 's go to be okay . he 's get a concussion , two break rib ... fracture wrist . and he take thirty stitches -- willie but he 's gonna be okay -- ? stinky he 's gonna be fine -- {to kev ) he say to tell you it 's snow and you should clear the lot -- . kev I be on it -- willie tell he I x11 be by tomorrow to say goodbye -- paul where you go ? willie I be go to go back to New York with Tracy -- paul just like that -- willie dust like that . ext . d jan 's duplex - later ~ night once again , Paul sit across the street in he truck . watch the apartment and smoking . elle macpherson whimper beside he . Paul stamp out he cigarette . he slide a disc in the deck . a sad song . John cougar 's '' ai not even done with the night . " Paul begin to cry to the tune , which will play throughout the remain scene of this evening ... int . conway house - willie ’'s room - later - night Tracy be in bed . Willie come to tuck she in . '' tracy the couch be okay -- ? willie it 's fine . sorry about the night . tracy I have fun . it 's lively around here ~~ ( beat ) how come you be come back with I ? willie I dunno . I want to . J do not think I be go to take that sale job ... tracy I do not think you should ... willie you do not ... ? . tracy piano player be sexy . salesmen be ... uncle ... willie uncle be not sexy ... tracy not usually ... beat . she pull he to she ... into a long kiss ... they begin to make love ... Willie stop it for : willie this be too weird . this be my boyhood bedroom -- tracy you never have sex in here ? willie not with another person -- she laugh . they kiss . still the cougar song play : " well , it 's time to go home / and I be not even do with the night ... " int . birdman 's room - night Sharon sit by birdman 's bed ... he 's awake but sluggish ... birdman so ? sharon be you in a lot of pain -- ? beat . birdman I be arright . you look nice ... sharon I come from a date -~- birdman yeah ? sharon yeah . birdman a good guy ? sharon he 's okay ... birdman where have you go ? sharon carlotti 's ... birdman I have not be there in year ... you eat ? sharon a salad . birdman a salad . - birdman ( cont . ) it 's weird ... sharon what be ? birdman ( cont . ) I be lay here ... and I be wonder how I get to here ... I do not mean this thing with rossmore ; this hospital ... I mean , in general ... how I get to here ... how I be really not anything like what I hope I would be ... I be not even close to the guy I think I would be ... it kinda ows ... sharon Tommy -- birdman but I gotta tell you - when I think about it ... when I imagine it ... that guy ... Close to that guy ... there 's , uh ... this girl next to he ... with he ... and she ... I dunno ... she look sorta like you ... sharon " sorta ? " birdman exactly . exactly sorta . tear stand in birdman 's eye ... birdman ( cont . ) wow . must be the medication ... sharon then let 's get more of it ... they smile ... birdman look everybody - my baby 's beside I ... she kiss he forehead ... fix he blanket . sharon ( cont . ) how 's that ? birdman all good ... that 's all good ... ext . jan 's duplex - night continue music . Paul be really weep now . a exaggerated blubber . he start up the truck . we be sure he 's go to barricade she in again . but this time he plow the driveway . plow it clean ... crying and sing all the while ... from a upstairs window , Jan watch ... ext . hospital - day early the next morning . Willie walk from the parking lot to the entrance ... he see gina , wait out front , sit in a wheelchair , something of a stupor ... willie what be you do ? . gina . . I figure out the fourth biggest lie -- willie what do you mean ? gina you know ~ there 's " the check be in the mail . " " I Love you . " " I wo not come in you -- willie yeah , yeah , I know . so what 's number four ? gina " no , no , really ... I love cat ... " 7 Willie frown ... gina shrug ... willie I will ... see ya ‘round , gina -- he walk into the hospital ... gina do not even notice he 's go ... int . hospital Willie walk down the hall . kev , in he work clothes , be sprawle out on two chair in the wait room . he snore away . int . birdman 's room Sharon have pull a chair up to birdman 's bed . she be asleep , she head rest on he belly .. Willie come in ... birdman open he puffy eye ... he look awful .. he manage a weak smile ... they whisper they exchange s0 as not to wake she -- willie I run into gina downstairs . I think she 's have some kind of rage - withdrawal ... you look excellent -- birdman you guy trash rossmore ? willie Nah . put the fear of God in he , that 's all . he sorta turn out to be a crispy turd , do not he ? birdman he have cause to be crease -- beat . Willie gesture to Sharon -- willie how 's she do -- ? birdman she 's okay -- willie . she rock , bro . you gonna fuck it up ? birdman I be sure . she 's one of the good one . do not we always manage to fuck up the good one ... ? willie well , I know I have be fairly successful at it ... take care , birdman ... birdman come back and visit more often -- Sharon stir . wake . see Willie -- sharon ( to birdman ) you okay ? hi -- birdman nod . then : a squeal ! and Shannon and Michael , dr. , Mo 's kid , come tear into the hospital room , run around crazy -- birdman oh , no ... willie later , guy -- int . hospital - outside birdman 's room Willie come out . Mo carry a bouquet of balloon . willie how you feel today , tough guy ? mo like hell ... you be leave ? willie yeah . say goodbye to Lisa -- mo iwill . say goodbye to Tracy -- willie right . mo you figure that shit out ? willie it change from minute to minute , man . indecision be a disease and I get a virulent strain -- ( be : kev ) when he wake up , tell ‘em I say goodbye ... there 's a crash from birdman 's room ... and birdman wail : birdman mo -00000000 ~- ! mo I better get in there -- willie later , buddy -- ext . conway house - day Willie put they luggage in the trunk of the saab . he look at marty 's house , but there 's no one around ... Pete and dougie conway hug Tracy goodbye ... they look like they be go to cry . Paul pull up in he pick-up ... paul Word be Jan and Victor be engage -- willie jeez ... how do you feel ? paul that chick drain I , man . they be ail sister . everyone of ‘em . sister -- marty ( 0.s. ) yo , Willie Boy -~ ? Willie turn . marty be there , in she yard ... willie hey -- marty you outta here ? willie yeah -- marty ( be : Tracy ) she be a honey -limb lovely --~ willie yeah -- Tracy come down the walkway ... willie ( cont . ) Tracy , this be marty ... marty , Tracy ..: marty hey -- tracy Nice to meet you -- beat . Willie study they , side by side ... marty you be very pretty -- tracy thank you . you be , too -- ( beat ; to Willie ) we should get go , hon ... willie right -- - Willie hug Paul ~- paul so long , Chief -- Willie walk over to marty and give she a kiss on the cheek . marty blushes . Willie probably do too -- willie bye , marty -- marty later , pooh -- Paul and marty lean back against the truck watch Willie and Tracy go around to the saab -- paul ya all come back now , y’here ? we will be right where you leave we . nothing change in the Ridge but the season -- willie marty . as in " martha ? " willie she wish . as in " Martin . " name for a grandfather she never even know ... Tracy look at he a little odd ... tracy you okay ? Willie look at she . consider . then : willie yeah . I think I be ... tracy good . let 's go -- they make for the highway -- up ahead , birdman 's pick - up / plow be come at they , kev at the wheel ... kev slow ... stick he head out the window : kev stay cool , Willie C .! stay forever cool ! Willie give he the thumb - up and they be go ... kev watch they go ... he crack a beer ... pour it into a " kristen " mug ... he notice something on he windshield ... he stick he hand out the window ... it 's start to snow ... kev ( cont . ) shit . and we play that gin blossom song we open with ... as kev put the truck into drive . head off ... «». the truck soon lose to we in the gently fall snow . the end