beauty and the beast written by Stephen chbosky &amp ; Evan spiliotopoulos base on the 1991 animate Film " beauty and the Beast " screenplay by Linda woolverton August 10 , 2016 1 ext . castle ground - night 1 a magnificent castle . resplendent , bespeak great wealth and power . the grounds and stonework immaculate . narrator ( v.o . ) once upon a time in the hide heart of France , a handsome young Prince live in a beautiful castle ... rack focus to a single red rose cling to a rise bush on a stormy spring night . a weathered hand pluck the rise . narrator ( v.o . ) although he have everything he heart desire , the Prince be selfish and unkind . 2 int . ballroom entrance - castle - night 2 tight on the prince be groom by he servant . ( we do not see they face . ) a french maid paint a exotic animal mask on the Prince 's face with a feather brush . a tall valet drape the Prince with a elaborately bejewel coat . narrator ( v.o . ) he tax the village to fill he castle with the most beautiful object ... the maid dust he wig with powder - maid poof poof ... - while a majordomo hold a pocket watch , indicate that they be run late . majordomo master , it 's time . with a haughty wave , the Prince instruct he footman to bring more light . footman oui , maître . a candelabra be lift to the preen Prince as he look at himself in a ornate hand mirror . narrator ( v.o . ) ... and he party with the most beautiful people . 2 . 3 int . ballroom - castle - night 3 the ornate room be fill with beautiful people from all corner of the world , each on display for the Prince 's pleasure . a circle of eligible maiden bow they head . seat in a throne chair dominate by a majestic coat of arm , the Prince snap he finger impatiently at a italian maestro , who smile , revealing comically rotten tooth . the maestro sit at a harpsichord and motion to he wife , a large diva hold a tiny bichon frisé . as the music begin , the Prince step forward . the diva fill the room with a voice as big as she frame . the Prince perform a roundelay with several debutante : diva oh how divine glamour , music and magic combine see the maiden so anxious to shine look for a sign that enhance chance she will be he special one 5 int . ballroom - castle - night 5 the dance speed up . the Prince connect momentarily with a beautiful woman -- but quickly move on when he eye catch someone even more dazzle : diva what a display ! what a breathtaking thrill array ( coo to the dog ) every prince , every dog have he day let we sing with passion , gusto fit to bust - oh not a care in the world knock knock . the Prince stop . then a gust of wind blow open the window . sconce flicker and go dark . the figure enter in silhouette , hobbling on a cane . furious , the Prince grab a light candelabra from the footman . he rudely push through the crowd , sweeping people from he path . he cross to the window , finally revealing -- a old beggar woman shiver from the rain . she look to the Prince with hope and offer he -- a red rose . narrator ( v.o . ) then , one night , a unexpected intruder arrive at the castle , seek shelter from the bitter storm . as a gift , she offer the Prince a single rise . 3. the prince' hand wave she off . the woman beg on she knee . the Prince motion to the staff . narrator ( v.o . ) repulsed by she haggard appearance , the Prince turn the woman away . but she warn he not to be deceive by appearance , for beauty be find within . the majordomo and footman approach to usher she out . the woman lower she head as if to cry -- narrator ( v.o . ) and when he dismiss she again , the old woman 's outward appearance melt away to reveal ... suddenly , the old woman 's cape and hood cocoon . a eruption of light as she transform into ... narrator ( v.o . ) ...a beautiful enchantress . the wind pick up inside the room . frightened , the Prince fall to he knee . narrator ( v.o . ) the Prince try to apologize but it be too late . for she have see that there be no love in he heart . as the Prince beg for mercy , he body begin to transform . his jewelry pop off . his clothing rip as he grow larger . narrator ( v.o . ) as punishment , she transformed he into a hideous beast ... the guest scream in horror and flee . but push he way through the crowd , a young boy slip into the ballroom , watch in wonder as -- the prince' shadow twist into the shadow of a hideous beast . the boy 's mother frantically follow he inside -- boy' mother chip ! chip ! oh my ... -- just as the door slam shut , leave the staff , the entertainer and the dog trap in the room . narrator ( v.o . ) ... and place a powerful spell on the castle and all who live there . 4. 5a int . ballroom - castle - night 5 a close on a portrait of the handsome prince -- as the beast 's giant paw slashes it . 6 ext . castle - night 6 year later , the enchant castle stand isolate . the property be surround by a ice hedge . the only sound be the grim winter wind . as we move closer : narrator ( v.o . ) as day ble into year , the Prince and he servant be forget by the world . for the enchantress have erase all memory of they from the mind of the people they love . 7 ext . / int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 7 at the high window of the west wing , we see the beast . the rose , already wilting , float before he . to protect it , the beast have cover it with a glass bell jar . narrator ( v.o . ) but the rise she have offer be truly a enchant rise . if he could learn to love another and earn they love in return by the time the last petal fall , the spell would be break . if not , he would be doom to remain a beast for all time . tight on the rose -- another petal drop . narrator ( v.o . ) as the year pass , he fall into despair and lose all hope . for who could ever learn to love a beast ? 8 ext . belle' cottage - morning 8 the front door of a cozy cottage open to reveal -- belle , a pure beauty bless with intelligent , fiercely inquisitive eye . with book in hand , she take a deep breath of morning air and gaze toward the church which peek above the village rooftop . belle Little town , it 's a quiet village every day like the one before Little town full of little people waking up to say ... Belle look at the clock on the church count to 8 be . wait for it . 3 . 2 . 1. 5 . 9 ext . village of villeneuve - morning 9 on cue , the villager begin they day . a housewife open a window , nod to a woman shaking out a rug nearby . a butcher open he shop , wave to a cobbler move past with he cart . villager bonjour . bonjour . bonjour . bonjour . a old vagrant be the only one to notice Belle , smile at she as he 's toss inside a holding tank by two gendarme . vagrant bonjour . Belle weave between the villager , make herself invisible . she pass a harry baker , busy a baguette -- belle there go the baker with he tray like always the same old bread and roll to sell Belle approach jean , the potter , tend to he mule . belle ( cont 'd ) every morning just the same since the morning that we come to this poor provincial town jean good morning , Belle Jean scratch he head , try to remember something . he search he cart which be load with pottery . belle good morning , monsieur Jean . have you lose something again ? jean I believe I have . Problem be , I can not remember what . well , I be sure it will come to I . as she leave : jean ( cont 'd ) where be you off to ? belle to return this book to pere Robert . it 's about two lover in fair verona . jean sound boring . 6 . later -- Belle pass school boy as they march into the school house . they head turn in unison . school boy look there she go that girl be strange , no question the nasty headmaster usher they in impatiently . nasty headmaster daze and distract , can not you tell ? as the boy scramble into school , Belle step on the stone over the duck pond -- revealing girl force into " woman 's work " chore , wash clothes in the circular laverie . they be surround by woman knead clothes on barrel . washer women never part of any crowd ` Cause she head 's up on some cloud little girl no deny she 's a funny girl that Belle a flirtatious farmer approach a pretty fishmonger's wife . farmer bonjour , good day , how be you family ? pretty fishmonger's wife ( point ) bonjour , good day , how be you wife ? the fishmonger pop up next to he wife , send the would - be - lothario into retreat . another fishmonger , the shrewish clothilde , accost he : clothilde I need six egg the farmer point out the price . Belle move past . clothilde ( cont 'd ) that 's too expensive belle there must be more than this provincial life 10 int . church vestry - day 10 Belle escape into the peace and serenity of a country church . jolly pere ROBERT look up as she enter . 7. pere ROBERT well ! if it be not the only bookworm in town . so where do you run off to this week ? belle two city in Northern Italy . I do not want to come back . Belle hand " Romeo and juliet " to pere Robert , who dutifully return it to the shelf of the town 's " library " : a couple dozen book in total . she remain hopeful . belle ( cont 'd ) have you get any new place to go ? pere ROBERT I be afraid not . but you may reread any of the old one that you would like . belle thank you , pere Robert . you library almost make we small corner of the world feel big . he smile . Belle pick up a new book and smile back . pere ROBERT bon voyage . 11 ext . village of villeneuve - day 11 angle on belle -- nose plant in she book , she walk down into the crowded market which be just be set up . Belle pass tom , dick , and stanley - all burly , tough guy . tom , dick &amp ; stanley look -- there she go the girl be so peculiar Belle busy jam then glide past a apothecary 's open cart : apothecary I wonder if she 's feel well Belle duck under cheese seller carry they trays : cheese seller with a dreamy far- off look and she nose stick in a book what a puzzle to the rest of we be Belle behind she , florist pass with huge bouquet . it 's a glorious parade but Belle remain oblivious as she continue to read ... 8. belle oh ... be not this amazing ? it 's my favorite part because you will see here 's where she meet Prince charm but she will not discover that it 's he ` til chapter three Three fashion - craze village lass -- all dress in the same style -- pop they head from the window of the dress shop . they mother , who be besotted with Belle , head outside when she see she : village lass ' mother now it 's no wonder that she name mean " beauty " her look have get no parallel her daughter follow , seethe with jealousy : village lass # 1 but behind that fair facade I be afraid she 's rather odd village lass ' mother ( greet Belle ) very different from the rest of we village lass she 's nothing like the rest of we yes , different from the rest of we Belle slip through the crowd . villager be Belle 11a ext . village promontory - day 11a look down on the village be gaston , a dashingly handsome war hero clad in a dazzle gold breastplate . the only thing bigger than he muscle be he ego . strapped on he saddle be a musket and the spoil of he hunt : rabbit , fox , and fowl . Riding beside he be gaston 's long - suffer aide - de - camp and devote best friend lefout . through he spyglass , gaston spot Belle . gaston look at she , lefou . my future wife . Belle be the most beautiful girl in the village . that make she the best . lefout but she 's so well - read , and you be so ... ( about to say " not " ) athletically inclined . 9 . gaston I know . Belle can be as argumentative as she be beautiful . lefout exactly , who need she , when you have get we ! gaston yes , but ever since the war I have be miss something . and she 's the only girl I have meet who give I that sense of ... lefout je not sais quoi ? gaston I do not know what that mean . ext . village of villeneuve - day gaston and lefou ride through the village gate . gaston motion toward Belle in the village square . geese flock around she foot , seem to follow she . gaston ( sing ) right from the moment when I meet she , see she I say she 's gorgeous and I fall here in town there 's only she who be beautiful as I so I be make plan to woo and marry Belle as gaston pass , the lass try to catch he eye . village lass look there he go , be not he dreamy monsieur gaston , oh he 's so cute be still my heart I be hardly breathe he 's such a tall , dark , strong and handsome brute as gaston dismount , the lass get splatter with mud from he horse 's hoof . Le fou shoot they a look , whisper : lefout it 's never gonna happen , lady . notice Belle crossing the market , gaston start off in pursuit . he grab flower from the perfume stall and make a bouquet . as they each make they way through the market : washer women # 1 , 2 , 3 gaston bonjour ! pardon ! 10 . belle barmaid good day . mais oui ! tom housewife # 1 you call this bacon ? what lovely flower ! cheesemaker # 2 wood carrier some cheese ... ... ten yard ! bread buyer gaston ... one pound . ` scuse I ! cheesemaker # 1 gaston ( cont 'd ) I will get the knife . please let I through ! jam seller cobbler this bread ... that fish ... jam seller cobbler ( cont 'd ) it 's stale ! they smell ! belle gaston there must be more than this just watch -- I be go to provincial life ! make Belle my wife ! the image swell to reveal the whole village , sing . all look there she go a girl who 's strange but special a most peculiar mademoiselle it 's a pity and a sin she do not quite fit in ! village lass but she really be a funny girl village men a beauty but a funny girl all she really be a funny girl that Belle ! slightly out of breath , gaston finally catch up with Belle . gaston good morning , Belle ! wonderful book you have there . belle you have read it ? gaston well , not that one . but , you know . book . ( hand she the flower ) for you dinner table . shall I join you this evening ? 11 . belle sorry , not tonight . gaston busy ? belle no . a mortify smile and Belle be off . lefou approach . lefout so. move on ? gaston no , lefou . it 's the one who play hard to get that be always the sweetest prey . gaston ( cont 'd ) that 's what make Belle so appeal . she have not make a fool of herself just to gain my favor . what would you call that ? lefout dignity ? gaston it 's outrageously attractive , be not it ? gaston look at the village lass stand outside of the tavern . they all give he the eye . gaston saunter over . 12 ext . belle' cottage - day 12 Belle hear the tinkle of a sweet music BOX tune wafting out of she father 's basement workshop . 13 int . cellar work room - belle' cottage - day 13 Belle descend into to she father 's dusty work room . sunlight spotlight maurice hunch over he workspace . Belle quietly watch as he sing along with the music box theme . maurice how do a moment last forever ? how can a story never die ? it be love we must hold on to never easy -- but we try maurice tinker with gear on the box , which depict a artist in a parisian garret , painting he wife 's portrait as she hold a red rise above they baby . 12 . maurice ( cont 'd ) sometimes we happiness be capture somehow a time and place stand still Love life on inside we heart and always will ( see Belle ) oh , good , Belle , you be back . can you please hand I the -- before he can say the word " screwdriver " it 's in he hand . maurice ( cont 'd ) and the -- tweezers . then Belle hand he a small hammer ... maurice ( cont 'd ) no no I do not need -- ... just as a spring pop off . maurice ( cont 'd ) actually yes , that 's exactly what I need . he go back to tinkering . Belle gaze at other music box , each a small work of art , depict famous landmark from around the world . belle papa , do you think I be odd ? maurice my daughter ? odd ? where do you get a idea like that ? belle I do not know . people talk . maurice oh. people . this village may be small , small - minded even , but small also mean safe . maurice can see this line of argument do not do much for he daughter . maurice ( cont 'd ) even back in Paris , I know a girl who be so different , so dare , so ahead of she time that people mock she until the day they find themselves imitate she . belle just tell I one more thing about she . 13. maurice turn to the music box as if to change the subject . but look back up to Belle 's eagerness , he relent . maurice you mother be ... fearless . fearless . with that , maurice close he music box . 14 ext . belle' cottage - day 14 as maurice carefully load he music box onto he wagon , Belle tend to the family 's old glue horse , philippe . maurice climb into the wagon , and smile down at he daughter . maurice what would you like I to bring you from the market ? belle a rise like the one in the painting . maurice you ask for that every year . belle and every year , you bring it . maurice then I shall bring you another . you have my word . come on , philippe ! belle I will see you tomorrow ! maurice tomorrow ! with the rise ! as maurice ride away , Belle 's warmth give way to concern . belle ( to herself ) stay safe ... 14a int . belle' cottage - tackroom - day 14a surrounded by design sketches , Belle 's workbench feature a small model of she vwash machine ' prototype . Belle place the miniature barrel in position ... fasten a rope to a leather strap ... shave chip off a block of soap ... collect the soap chip in a small sack ... and rush out . 15 ext . village of villeneuve - laverie - day 15 a young washer girl watch as -- 14 . Belle toss clothes and some soap chip into a empty barrel and roll it into the fountain ! it bob on its side . tying the other end of the strap to the mule 's harness , she set he walk around the circular laverie ... washer girl what be you do ? belle the laundry . with a smile , Belle point to the rotate barrel , which now resemble a very early whirlpool wash machine . Belle take she book and quietly begin to read . after a moment , she look up to find the washer girl stare at she , speechless . belle ( cont 'd ) come ! Belle wave for the girl to join she . 16 ext . village of villeneuve - laverie - day ( later ) 16 the nasty headmaster emerge from the school house to see -- the barrel be now fill with sudsy clothes . Belle be sit with the washer girl . she hold a book open , teach the girl to read . washer girl ( struggle ) the blue bird fly ... belle ...over the dark wood . nasty headmaster what on earth be you do ? he be join by the fishmonger clothilde , outrage . nasty headmaster ( cont 'd ) Teaching another girl to read ? be not one enough ? Belle lock eye with the headmaster , then turn back to the girl . the headmaster seethes . clothilde we have to do something . 18 ext . village of villeneuve - laverie - day ( later ) 18 Belle 's wash machine be haul out of the laverie and dumped onto the ground . she collect she laundry from the dirt , try to remain poise before the gawk crowd . 15 . 17 ext . village of villeneuve - day ( later ) 17 gaston shake he head and laugh , absolutely smitten . gaston you be the wildest , most beautiful thing I have ever see . no one deserve you , but at least I know we child will be beautiful . a reverse angle reveal gaston be address he reflection in a shop window . lefout ( o.s. ) be I catch you at a bad time ? gaston what be it , lefou ? lefout a certain damsel be in distress . gaston oh well . it 's hero time . ( to he reflection ) I be not do with you yet . and he 's off . Le fou step up to the mirror . lefout I neither . 19 ext . belle' cottage - day ( later ) 19 gaston follow Belle back to she cottage . gaston Belle ! Heard you have a little trouble with the headmaster . he never like I , either . can I give you a little advice about the villager , though ? they be never go to trust the kind of change we be try to bring . pursue she into she garden , he trample cabbage . belle all I want be to teach a child to read . gaston the only child you should concern yourself with be ... you own . Belle look for a way out . she do not like where this be go . 16 . belle I be not ready to have child . gaston maybe you have not meet the right man . belle it 's a small village , gaston . I have meet they all . gaston maybe you should take another look . some of we have change . she climb the step to she cottage door . gaston follow close behind . belle gaston , we could never make each other happy . no one can change that much . gaston Belle , do you know what happen to spinster in we village after they father die ? gaston motion to the street , where we find agathe , a spinster , late 30' , dirty and homeless , rattling she cup : " alm for the poor ? " gaston ( cont 'd ) they beg for scrap , like poor agathe . this be we world , Belle . for simple folk like we , it do not get any better . belle I might be a farm girl , but I be not simple . I be sorry , but I will never marry you , gaston . gaston keep the gallant smile plaster as she shut the door in he face . 20 ext . belle' cottage - sunset 20 Belle watch gaston leave . she open the door . belle can you imagine ? I , the wife of that boorish , brainless ... she turn away from the home she think she will never escape . belle ( cont 'd ) Madame gaston , can not you just see it Madame gaston , he little wife no sir , not I , I guarantee it ( more ) 17 . belle ( cont 'd ) I want much more than this provincial life ... 21 ext . village promontory - sunset 21 Belle race up the hill to the outskirt of town . when she reach the high point , we circle around to reveal the town spread out beneath she . belle I want adventure in the great wide somewhere I want it more than I can tell and for once it might be grand to have someone understand I want so much more than they have get plan as the last ray of light fade we rise to reveal a forest in the distance , where the sky begin to rage . a swirl wind and a streak of ... 22 ext . wood - evening 22 lightn . the sky flash . the wind pick up . worried , maurice urge philippe on . maurice the wood be lovely , be not they philippe ...? I only wish I recognize they . do you know where we be ? because I do not . as the wood get darker , a withered tree that look like a elderly person's cane be strike by lightning . maurice ( cont 'd ) whoa ! the tree split in two , one half fall into the road , revealing ... a hidden path . philippe whinny nervously . maurice ( cont 'd ) hmm ... yes , we can go this way . walk on ! one path close , another one open . they leave the block road and head down the path . maurice look down to see a light snow cover on the ground . philippe snort . maurice ( cont 'd ) it 's all right boy , it 's just a bit of snow ... in June . and they descend into -- 18. 23 ext . enchanted wood - evening 23 we have enter another world . a light , whirling snow descend on maurice , dusting he coat . the clippity - clop of hoof echo in stillness . suddenly , a white wolf roar out of the bush , barely miss they . gaze darting , maurice notice white wolve run on a icy ledge above he . the wolf keep pace , mass to overrun he . maurice go , philippe ! hurry ! maurice urge he horse on , but he rickety cart start to buckle . a harness be loose . the wolf leap in front of the cart , which come undone , tipping over on its side . the chest of music box smashes open on the ground . maurice be launch up onto a ridge -- and find himself face - to- face with the snarling and scar alpha wolf . terrify , maurice turn and begin slide down the snowy ridge -- towards a trio of wolf wait below . maurice ( cont 'd ) philippe ! as maurice drop from the ridge , philippe appear beneath he -- and maurice land on he back ! maurice ( cont 'd ) go! go! philippe ride . paw crush twig -- slavering jaw -- eye mad with hunger -- a gleam of fang -- philippe gallop . maurice race toward the castle ice gate -- which churn open as the wolf draw near . maurice and philippe speed through the gate as the wolf skid to a stop , they howl turn to yelp of fear . 24 ext . castle ground - evening 24 maurice stare in open-mouth awe at the beast' castle . a grey edifice seemingly grow out of stone and reach to troubled sky . it feel like a place hide its face from the world . maurice ( to philippe ) oh philippe , you save my life ... they will have to get they dinner somewhere else . angle on maurice -- as he draw near the castle , he notice a colonnade fill with white rose bushes . just beyond , he see the door to the stable swinging in the wind . a lamp have be light inside . as if invite a tired traveler . 19 . maurice stroke philippe 's neck . maurice ( cont 'd ) Water , fresh hay . look like you be set , old friend . Rest here ... warily , maurice peer out at the intimidating castle . maurice ( cont 'd ) while I pay my respects to we unwitting host ... whoever that may be ... he leave . philippe stare uneasily at a statue of a horse . 25 ext . terrace - castle - evening 25 cautiously , maurice approach the castle door . he gaze up at a row of torch hold by sculpt iron hand . the hand be so life - like , do a double- take . maurice hm . then -- 26 int . foyer - castle - night 26 -- the door open with a creak . maurice peer in . maurice hello ? anyone home ? silence . flashes of lightning illuminate a once -elegant space now fall into disrepair . maurice ( cont 'd ) forgive I , I do not mean to intrude . I need shelter from the storm . hello ? maurice put he hat and coat on a coat rack at the entrance . maurice turn , not see the coat rack shake the snow off . maurice explore , scan the room and its furniture -- table , chair , a feather duster . a mantle clock and candelabra sit on a table . as maurice pass they , the candelabra slowly turn -- as if watch he . this be lumière , formerly head footman to the Prince . lumière must have lose he way in the wood ... the candelabra continue craning -- while the mantle clock beside it remain rigid . meet cogsworth , every bit the stiff - upper-lip majordomo . cogsworth ( whisper ) shut up , you idiot . 20 . hear this , maurice spin -- but see only a ordinary candelabra and clock on the table . curious , he approach , lean down to the clock ... maurice mm ... extraordinary . he pick up the candelabra , inspect it . maurice ( cont 'd ) this be beautiful ... a echo of eerie harpsichord music make maurice turn toward the ballroom . he place the candelabra back down and exit . lumière a man of taste . cogsworth he be talk about I . 26a int . ballroom - castle - night 26 a maurice walk through a door into a dark cavernous room . his eye adjust to the light and he realize he 's in a vast ballroom . once the scene of joy , the ballroom know only solemn decay . suddenly -- cadenza oops ! -- the harpsichord stop play . wary , maurice go back to -- 26b int . foyer - castle - night 26 B maurice cross to a crackle fire , speak to he unseen host . maurice wherever you be , I be just go to warm myself by the fire ... maurice warm he freeze finger , rub he hand together to spread the heat . maurice ( cont 'd ) that 's better . oh , much better ... as maurice turn to warm he backside , he hear the clink of silverware from a adjoin room . 27 int . dine room - castle - night 27 maurice enter to find a vast dining room dominate by a banquet table where a meal have be set out . maurice oh , thank you ! 21 . famish , maurice sit , tear off a hunk of bread and devour it ravenously . as maurice look around for something to wash down the food , a cup of tea slide into he hand . maurice calmly give the cup a double -take . meet chip , a 8 year - old boy tea cup . he whisper : chip Mom say I be not suppose to move because it might be scary . sorry . maurice chew , smile benevolently . maurice it 's all right . and bolt from the table . 28 int . foyer - castle - night 28 like any sane person , maurice back toward the door . he bow and call into the shadow ... maurice thank you . really , I cannot thank you enough for you hospitality ... ( take he coat and hat ) ... and kindness . a flash of lightning briefly illuminate a beastly shape on the staircase . at the next flash -- the shape be gone . 29 ext . castle ground - night 29 maurice ride philippe away from the castle . he notice the colonnade fill with rise bush again . maurice rose ! yes ... maurice dismount , check to see that he have not be follow from the castle . he stroke he nervous horse , leave he outside as he enter . maurice ( cont 'd ) can not go home empty hand ... I promise Belle a rise , do not I ? I think it 's safe ... we catch glimpse of a dark shape move atop the colonnade . a talone paw . a swish tail . philippe snort , sense danger . maurice spy a single perfect white rose among the other . close on the beast 's eye . enrage . wound . 22. maurice reach for it . maurice ( cont 'd ) ow ! pricked by a thorn , he pull he hand back -- then try again . he pick the rise -- only to hear a booming roar from above . angle on maurice -- terrify as the dark shape leap down from the colonnade . maurice drop the rise , stumbling and fall as a dark shadow be cast over he . philippe break he harness , whinny in terror and flee , charge through the castle grounds and out the ice gate . 29a ext . village promontory - day 29 a a first whisper of dawn as philippe burst out of the forest . he thunder down to the village . 30 ext . belle' cottage - day 30 the sun be fresh on the horizon , and Belle be already up . a whinny disturb she . she look up to find philippe , thirsty and exhaust . belle philippe ? Belle put stroke the horse 's neck as he drink deeply from the trough . belle ( cont 'd ) what happen ? where be papa ?! Belle go still . notice philippe 's tear strap and tatter rein . in dread , she gaze dart to the wood . belle ( cont 'd ) take I to he ! 31 ext . wood - day 31 sunlight barely seep through the thick branch lighting Belle 's way as philippe gallop past the fallen cane tree . 32 ext . enchanted wood - day 32 Belle race through the enchant wood , come upon maurice 's tip over wagon . she see the break chest and scattered music box . with a mix of apprehension and determination , Belle set she jaw , and continue the gallop until the path bring she to ... 23. 32a ext . terrace - castle - day 32 a Belle dismount philippe . find a thick branch , she wield it like a club , then bravely cross to the castle and enter . 33 int . foyer - castle - day 33 Club hold high , ready to defend herself , Belle cautiously ease the door open and peek inside . the atmosphere of the castle press in on Belle . creepy dragon statue on the staircase seem like they be watch . eerie shadow stretch down impossibly long hallway . lumière look , cogsworth . a beautiful girl . cogsworth I can see it 's a girl . I lose my hand , not my eye . lumière but what if she be the one ? the one who will break the spell ? Belle react . quickly move towards the voice -- belle who say that ? who 's there ? Belle reach the spot where she hear the voice . no one there . only a clock and candelabra . suddenly , a cough echoe through the castle . Belle grab the candelabra and climb a long staircase . the clock shudder with dread . 34 int . prison tower - castle - day 34 Belle follow the cough up a labyrinth of stair until she reach the dark prison tower and a grate iron door . belle papa !? be that you ? Belle see maurice through a grate in the door . he look terribly pale and sick , cough . maurice ( o.s. ) Belle ? how do you find I !? Belle put the candelabra down and clutches he hand . belle oh , you hand be ice . we need to get you home . 24 . maurice Belle , you must leave here at once . this castle be alive ! now go , before he find you ! belle who ?! the beast roar . Belle spin quickly , swinging she club to strike , but the figure jump onto another staircase . Belle search the shadow . the voice circle she . belle ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? who be you ? the beast ( o.s. ) who be you ? belle I have come for my father . the beast ( o.s. ) you father be a thief . belle liar ! the beast ( o.s. ) he stole a rose . in Belle 's wide eye , we see she guilt . belle I ask for the rise . punish I , not he ! maurice no , he mean forever . apparently that 's what happen around here when you pick a flower . belle a life sentence for a rise ? the beast I receive eternal damnation for one . I be merely lock he away . now ... do you still wish to take you father 's place ? belle come into the light . the figure remain still . Belle grab hold of lumiere and thrust the candle forward , illuminate a hideous horned face . Belle 's eye go wide as she clearly see the beast . the only part of he that seem human be he eye . blue . 25 . deep . soulful . and flicked with pain when he see Belle 's revulsion . the beast choose ! maurice Belle , I will not let you do this . I lose you mother . I will not lose you too . now go ! maurice fall into a terrible cough fit . belle alright , papa . I will leave . ( to the beast ) I need a minute alone with he . the beast do not respond . belle ( cont 'd ) be you so cold - heart that you will not allow a daughter to kiss she father goodbye ? ( off he proud grunt ) forever can spare a minute ! intrigue by she defiance , the beast move toward she , reach out with he massive paw . Belle close she eye , brace herself for he retaliation . instead , she hear -- clang . Belle open she eye to find herself eye to eye with the beast 's chest . he have reach high above she head to pull down a iron lever , unlock the door . the beast when this door close , it will not open again . 35 int . prison cell - castle - continuous 35 Belle rush in and embrace she father . belle I should have be with you . maurice Belle , listen to I . it 's all right . live you life . forget I . belle forget you ? everything I be be because of you . maurice I love you , Belle . do not be afraid . 26 . belle I love you too , papa ... she pull he close . belle ( cont 'd ) I be not afraid . ( whisper ) and I will escape , I promise . maurice what ?! with that , she pivot and swing she father through the door just as the beast slam it shut . maurice trip to the ground , give the beast a second to turn to Belle . they lock eye . the beast you take he place . belle he be my father . the beast he 's a fool . so be you . the beast turn and drag maurice away . belle do not hurt he ! through the latticework , Belle see the beast and she father disappear down the corridor . she rush to the window and watch the beast carry she father down the spiral staircase of the prison tower . maurice Belle ! I will come back ! I promise ! once she be alone , Belle can not help herself . she slump to the floor and the tear come . we fade out . 36 omitted 36 37 omitted 37 38 omitted 38 39 int . cell - prison tower - dusk 39 Belle huddle in the corner . the cell door swing open . lumière ( o.s. ) forgive my intrusion , mademoiselle , but I have be send to escort you to you room . 27 . Belle wipe she tear and stand . she grab a small stool , ready to strike . belle my room ? but I think -- lumière ( o.s. ) what ? that once this door close it will not open again , rarrr ? I know , he get so dramatic . Belle bound out of the cell , raise the stool to hit a grow man . instead , she see ... a candelabra wave at she . lumière ( cont 'd ) ` allo . belle ahhh ! like see a mouse , Belle bashes the candelabra . it grunt as it clatter on the stone floor . the candle extinguish . whoosh -- the first candle relight . whoosh -- the second . illuminate by the two arm candle , Belle make out eye and a rudimentary " face " in the design . lumière ( recover ) oh , you be very strong . that 's a great quality ! belle what be you ? the arm light the main candle to reveal a rakish smile . lumière I be lumière . belle and you can talk . cogsworth appear , out of breath . cogsworth of course he can talk , it 's all he ever do ! now lumiere , as head of the household , I demand that you put she back in the cell at once ! officially freak out now , Belle retreat to she cell , in search of a better weapon . lumière what do you want to be for the rest of you life , cogsworth : a man or a mantle clock ? 28 . they turn back to Belle , re-emerge from the cell . lumière ( cont 'd ) ready , miss ? ( to cogsworth ) trust I . 40 ext . rooftop walkway - castle - evening 40 holding lumière , Belle follow cogsworth across a stone walkway high above the grounds . her eye dart , look for a escape route . instead , she see how vast the castle and wood be . lumière you must forgive first impression , I hope you be not too startle . belle why would I be startle ? I be talk to a candle . lumière candelabra , please . enormous difference . but consider I at you service . the castle be you home now , so feel free to go anywhere you like -- cogsworth except the west wing ! lumière throw he a `would - you -please - shut - up ' look . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) which we do not have . belle why , what 's in the west wing ? lumière uh ... nothing . storage space . that 's it . Belle look back at the spooky tower of the west wing . lumière ( cont 'd ) this way , please ! cogsworth to the east wing . lumière or as I like to call it , the only wing ! watch you step s'il vous plait . 29 . 41 int . corridor / belle' bedroom - castle - evening 41 Belle stand outside the bedroom door , anticipate worse squalor ... lumière welcome to you new home . it 's modest , but comfortable ... instead , the door open to -- 42 int . belle' bedroom - castle - evening 42 -- the most beautiful , magical room she 's ever see . the entire ceiling be a painting of white cloud in a blue sky . there be a large dresser and a comfortable bed . opulence . belle it 's ... beautiful . lumière of course . master want you to have the finest room in the castle . lumière leap onto the bed and - poof - dust fill the air . lumière ( cont 'd ) oh dear ! we be not expect guest . plumette , a feather duster , swoops into the room , give the surface a quick dusting . plumette enchanté , Mademoiselle ! do not worry , I will have this room spotless in no time ! she land in the arm of lumière , whose candle burn a little hotter once she speak in she sexy french accent . plumette ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) this plan of yours be ... dangerous . lumière I would risk anything to kiss you again , plumette . he move to embrace she , but she stop he . plumette no , my love . I have be burn by you before . we must be strong . lumière how can I be strong when you make I so weak ? 30 . cogsworth clear he throat . Belle back away from the strange creature . belle be everything here alive ? ( pick up a hair brush ) hello , what 's you name ? cogsworth look up at she , puzzle . cogsworth um ... that 's a hair brush . Belle hear a loud snore behind she , and turn to see the dresser burst open with a operatic " laaaaaa ! " Belle shriek and step back . lumière do not be alarmed , mademoiselle . this be just you wardrobe . meet Madame De garderobe . a great singer . cogsworth when she can stay awake . garderobe cogsworth ! a diva need she beauty rrr - madame do garderobe yawn loudly . lumière ah , stay with we , Madame ! we have someone for you to dress ! garderobe 's gild arm stroke Belle 's shoulder and face . garderobe finally . a woman . pretty eye . proud face . perfect canvas . yes ! I will find you something worthy of a princess . belle but I be not a princess . garderobe nonsense ! now , let 's see what I have get in my drawer . garderobe 's door open and a few moth fly out . garderobe ( cont 'd ) oh , how embarrassing . garderobe place a large hoop over Belle 's head , and proceed to create a outfit use fabric and she pink - shear hand . froufrou , a piano stool , run in , bark like a dog . 31 . garderobe ( cont 'd ) come here , froufrou . come help mama ! froufrou tug at the fabric , help garderobe complete the outfit -- which be garish and too too much , all wrong for Belle . garderobe ( cont 'd ) perfetta ! lumière and cogsworth put on a game smile . lumière mm. subtle . understate . I love it ! with a deep bow and a whistle for froufrou , lumière drag cogsworth out . plumette and froufrou follow . garderobe call out after she beloved dog . garderobe froufrou , send my love to the maestro ! the door close . Belle be alone . garderobe instantly fall asleep with a big snore . Belle have one beat of ... where the hell be I ? she duck down , then crawl out from underneath the enormous dress , which remain stand . Belle look around the room with one thing in mind : escape . she quickly move to the window . open it . she look down at the 100 foot drop lead to the grounds . Belle turn back to the room , and gaze at the dress . a idea take shape . 43 ext . country inn - night 43 a lamplighter be hard at work outside as we hear fiddle music come from the inn . 44 int . country inn - night 44 amidst the animal head , antler , and drunken villager , there be a even sadder sight -- gaston . he drown he sorrow in ale while lefout listen . gaston picture it , lefou -- a rustic cabin . my latest kill roasting on the fire . adorable child run around we while my love rub my tired foot . but what do Belle say ? " I will never marry you , gaston . " lefout you know , there be other girl . the village lass perk up . " yes ! there be other girl ! " 32 . gaston a great hunter do not waste he time on rabbit . the lass deflate . " awww ! " lefou decide it 's time to cheer up he best friend / boss . thus begin " gaston . " lefout gosh it disturb I to see you gaston look so down in the dump every guy here would love to be you gaston even when take you lump there 's no man in town as admire as you you be everyone 's fa-vor- ite guy everyone 's awed and inspire by you and it 's not very hard to see why lefou give a nod ( and a large tip ) to the fiddle player in the corner , who nod back , and begin to play ... lefout ( cont 'd ) no one 's slick as gaston no one 's quick as gaston no one 's neck 's as incredibly thick as gaston for there 's no man in town half as manly perfect , a pure paragon ! you can ask any Tom , Dick or stanley and they will tell you whose team they prefer to be on ! Le fou hop onto the bar , squeezing himself between tom , dick , and stanley . tom / dick / stanley who play dart like gaston ? who break heart like gaston ? lefout who 's much more than the sum of he part like gaston ? gaston ( confidence grow ) as a specimen , yes , I be intimidating lefou hail a barmaid and busy everyone a round of drink . the villager raise they mug and cheer . lefout / villager my what a guy , that gaston ! gaston stand , and clasp lefou in gratitude ... gaston I need encouragement ; thank you , lefou 33. lefout well , there 's no one as easy to bolster as you ! ... only to find himself in a uncomfortably tight hug . lefout ( cont 'd ) too much ? gaston yep . villager no one fight like gaston douse light like gaston ! lefout in a wrestle match nobody bite like gaston ! lefou move he shirt up he arm to show a old wrestle wound - a nice tooth impression courtesy of gaston . the villager gasp . gaston when I hunt , I sneak up with my quiver and beast of the field say a prayer first I carefully aim for the liver then I shoot from behind ! gaston leap onto the bar , and be hand a huge blunderbuss , with which he mime shoot lefou . lefout be that fair ? gaston I do not care and gaston fire the rifle into the ceiling ! plaster rain down . villager no one hit like gaston match wit like gaston lefout in a spitting match nobody spit like gaston gaston i'm especially good at expectorating ! gaston spit a big gloppy mess into a spittoon : bullseye ! then , he move around the inn , hold court . villager ten point for gaston ! 34 . gaston when I be a lad I eat four dozen egg ev'ry morning to help I get large on one shoulder , gaston lift a pretty village girl . on the other , he lift lefou . gaston ( cont 'd ) and now that I be grow I eat five dozen egg so I be roughly the size of a barge ! the crowd holler . gaston jump on a long table . the table 's height plus he massive frame make he seem 10 foot tall . he engage in a dance - break sword - fight with several village men , besting they all , until he 's perfectly position beneath a ceiling mural , mimick it exactly : gaston , saber raise , victorious in battle -- with lefou swoon at he foot . lefout who have brain like gaston ? entertain like gaston ? gaston who can make up this endless refrain like gaston ? gaston tromp on the table . he arrive at he wall of animal head and antler . gaston ( cont 'd ) I use antler in all of my decorate ! all say it again - who 's a man among man ? and let 's say it once more who 's that hero next door ? who 's a super success ? do not you know ? can not you guess ? ask he fan and he five hanger - on there 's just one guy in town who 's get all of it down ... lefout and he name 's `g-a-s-t ... ' uh , I believe there 's another ` T ' in there , it just occur to I that I be illiterate and I have never actually have to spell it out loud before ... gaston ! the villager cheer as gaston return to he seat . gaston slap lefou on the shoulder , genuinely move . gaston ah lefou , you be the best . how be it that no girl have snatch you up yet ? 35 . lefout I have be tell I be clingy , but I really do not get it ... just then , the door fly open to reveal a wild - eye maurice . maurice help ! somebody help I ! we have to go ... not a minute to lose ... tavern keeper whoa . slow down , maurice . maurice he 's get Belle ... lock in a dungeon ! tavern keeper who 's get she ? maurice a beast ... a horrible monstrous beast ! the patron begin to laugh . maurice ( cont 'd ) my daughter 's life be in danger , why do you laugh !? his castle be hide in the wood . it 's already winter there ! jean Winter in June ? clothilde crazy old maurice . maurice the beast be real ! do you understand ?! will no one help I ?! gaston ( ever the opportunist ) I will help you , maurice ! lefout you will ? the villager murmur in surprise . gaston ( wink at lefou ) everyone ! stop make fun of this man at once ! maurice approach . so grateful . maurice thank you , Captain . thank you . 36 . gaston do not thank I , maurice . lead we to the beast . maurice exit . gaston follow , gesture to lefou . lefout ( finally get it ) ohhh . 46 int . kitchen - castle - night 46 the staff be excited as they scramble to get ready for dinner . chip , the 8 year - old tea cup , ride he saucer around like a skateboard . he circle he teapot mother mrs . pott , a no - nonsense yet loving governess . chip mama , there 's a girl in the castle ! mrs . pott yes , chip . we know . slow down . chip be she pretty ? be she nice ? what kind of tea do she like ? mrs . pott we will find out soon enough . slow down before you break you handle ! but chip do not slow down . before Mrs. pott can chase , cuisinièr , the frustrated french chef - turn - oven , pour hot water into she to prepare tea . cuisinièr head up , Mrs. pott ! she flush and react with pleasure as if step into a warm bath . int . dine room - castle - same the beast enter the dining room and sit at one end of a long dining table . he look at he place set , surprised to find flatware and crystal . confused , he look up . the beast' Pov rise to find another place set at the other end of the long table . when he notice the romantic candle , he swat he own place set off the table in anger . 47 int . kitchen - castle - same 47 a voice bellow from the dining room cause lumiere and cogsworth to turn . 37 . the beast ( o.s. ) lumière ! cogsworth balk with terror . lumière be calm , let I do the talk . a fume beast storm in , and look down at the assemble staff . lumière be as good a liar as cogsworth be not . the beast you 're making her dinner !? lumière we think you might appreciate the company . cogsworth master , I can assure you that I have no part in this hopeless plan . prepare a dinner , design a gown for she , give she a suite in the east wing -- the beast you give her a bedroom !? cornere by the beast , cogsworth have no choice but to ... cogsworth no no , he give she a bedroom . lumière that be true . but if the girl be the one who can break the spell , maybe you can start by use dinner to charm she . ( turn to cogsworth ) good think , cogsworth ! cogsworth what ?! the beast that 's the most ridiculous idea I have ever hear ! " charm the prisoner . " lumière you must try , master . with every pass day , we become less human . the beast she 's the daughter of a common thief . what kind of person do you think that make she ? mrs . pott oh , you can not judge people by who they father be , now can you ? 38 . it 's a load statement . the staff cringe , ready for he retaliation . instead , a grunt , and then -- 48 int . corridor outside belle' bedroom - castle - night 48 knock . knock . the beast stand at Belle 's door while he servant stand by he side to play cyrano . the beast you will join I for dinner ! that 's not a request . mrs . pott gently , master . the girl lose she father and she freedom in one day . lumière yes . the poor thing be probably in there , scared to death . mrs . pott exactly . 49 int . belle' castle bedroom - continuous 49 actually , Belle have be actively plan she escape . her makeshift rope of fabric hang 50 foot out of the window . knock . knock . belle just a minute . 50 int . corridor outside belle' bedroom - castle - night 50 the servant react to hearing Belle 's voice . lumière you see , there she be . now , master , remember . be gentle . mrs . pott ...kind ... plumette ... charming ... cogsworth ...sweet ... the word fly as they bury the beast with advice . lumière and when she open the door , give she a dash debonair smile . come come -- show I the smile . the beast flash the most hideous grin anyone have ever see . the staff gasp in horror . 39 . lumière ( cont 'd ) oh mon dieu . contort he mouth , the beast turn back to the door . the beast will you join I for dinner ? we wait a perfect beat and then , cut to ... 51 int . belle' bedroom / int . corridor - continuous ( intercut ) 51 Belle move to the door . belle you have take I prisoner and now you want to have dinner with I ? be you insane ? the beast 's temper rise -- he eyebrow twitch , he tail thrashes -- recognize the sign , plumette inch away -- plumette he 's lose it ... the beast beat he fist on the door -- wham ! wham ! wham ! the beast I tell you to come down to dinner . Belle hit back . wham ! wham ! wham ! belle and I tell you no ! all the bang finally wake up Madame de garderobe . garderobe what !? what time be it !? belle I would starve before I ever eat with you ! the beast well be my guest ! go ahead and starve ! ( as he leave ) if she do not eat with I , then she do not eat at all ! the staff hide , terrify , as the beast thunder off . the beast ( cont 'd ) idiot ! once the coast be clear , cogsworth come out of hide with a sword and put on a show of bravery . 40 . cogsworth you can not talk to we like that ! I forbid it ! I ... I ... ( to lumière ) be I too late ? shame . I be really go to tell he off this time . lumière ( look past cogsworth ) oh master , you have return ! cogsworth shriek and spin -- only to realize he 's be dupe . cogsworth oh , very funny . lumière eh , I get you there ! 52 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 52 fuming , the beast return to he lair -- a chamber of shred furniture and wall ruin in rage . he pace , mutter . he grab a decaye hand mirror . the beast show I the girl . the mirror light up and give he a view of Belle at the bedroom door . she turn , slide down the wall , and curl she knee up to she . a look of dread on she face . her fear crush the beast . the mirror magic fade , and he be leave with he own reflection and self - loathing . he lower the mirror to reveal the glass jar by the open window . in the jar , the enchanted rose hang in mid-air . the rise be wilting . most of its petal have fall . rage evaporate , replace by shame , the beast lower he head ... ... as one more petal drop . the image move inside the jar . we see the beast through the glass as he lean down , peer in at the petal as it reach the bottom and shrivel . as it do , we hear a far off rumble , as if the foundation of the castle be tremble . ext . castle - night -- dawn from a distance , we see stone statuary crack and tumble down from the castle wall ... 53 int . foyer - castle - night 53 the staff be gather ; the beginning of they evening . lumière light the fireplace . he hear the crash of fall debris . 41 . lumière another petal fall ... plumette lumière , I grow three more feather ! and I just pluck yesterday . lumière move to help , but he leg stiffen . he hold he flame to he knee like a heating pad . lumière I know , darling -- ow ! I be get more metallic every day . suddenly , cogsworth begin make clock sound . cogsworth oh , no ! it 's -- tick tock ! -- happen again -- cuckoo ! pardon I . mrs . pott everyone , calm yourselves . we still have time . chip mama , be I ever go to be a boy again ? mrs . pott yes , chip . you will have you day in the sun again . you just leave it to I . 54 ext . castle - night 54 Belle throw she makeshift rope out the bedroom window . 55 int . belle' bedroom - castle - night 55 Belle look down -- the rope be about 20 foot off the ground . almost there . a knock on the door . belle I tell you to go away . mrs . pott ( o.s. ) do not worry , dear . it 's only Mrs. pott . Mrs. pott bustles in on she cart with chip . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) oh , be not you a vision ! how lovely to make you acquaintance . Belle try to block she view of the escape rope , but Mrs. pott be too sharp . 42 . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) it 's a very long journey . let I fix you up before you go . I have find that most trouble seem less troubling after a brace cup o' tea . the tea be pour into chip , who wheel over to Belle . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) slowly now , chip . Belle pick up chip and bring he up to she mouth . Little chip find himself face - to- face with the most beautiful girl he have ever see . she take a sip . chip please to meet you ! want to see I do a trick ? chip blow a huge bubble in he tea cup . it pop loudly . mrs . pott chip . ( to Belle ) that be a very brave thing you do for you father , dear . Madame garderobe 's door swing open . garderobe yes . we all think so . belle I be so worried about he . he 's never be on he own . mrs . pott cheer up , my poppet . thing will turn out in the end . you will feel a lot better after dinner . belle but he say , " if she do not eat with I , she do not eat at all . " mrs . pott people say a lot of thing in anger . it be we choice whether or not to listen . come ? and Mrs. pott be out the door . Belle look to garderobe . garderobe go. int . kitchen - castle - night the door open . lumière race in to the excited staff . 43. lumière they be come ! final check , everyone , tout de suite ! cogsworth waddle in after he . plumette flutter nervously . cogsworth no , you do not ! if the master find out you violate he order and feed she , he will blame I . lumiere jump up onto the sink , navigate sudsy dish as chapeau scrub they . lumière yes , I will make sure of it . but do you see she stand up to he ? I be tell you , this girl be the one . they must fall in love if we be to be human again , and they can not fall in love if she stay in she room . ( look at a smudge dish ) eh , chapeau , you miss a spot ! lumière toss the dish back in the sink , skip onto a pass tea trolley . cogsworth climb up in pursuit . cogsworth you know she will never love he . lumière a break clock be right two time a day , mon ami , and this be not one of that time . lumière leap onto the table , and upright a champagne glass . lumière ( cont 'd ) stand up straight ! ( to the room ) it 's time to sparkle ! he leap again , onto cuisinièr , and sip a spoonful from a bubbling pot . lumière ( cont 'd ) I have no taste bud , but I can tell this be exquisite . cuisinièr off ! off I while I work ! pepper , get crack ! Salt , shake a leg ! cogsworth not so loud ! keep it down ! 44 . lumière of course , of course . but what be dinner without a little ... music ? cogsworth Music ?! 57 int . dine room - castle - moment later 57 to cogsworth 's horror , lumière guide a ambulatory harpsichord into the room . this be cadenza , we neurotic italian maestro . lumière maestro cadenza , be you ready ? cadenza ( coy ) it have be so long since I have perform ! I can barely even remember how ... but with a abrupt flourish , cadenza play show - offy scale on the ivory until -- plunk . cadenza ( cont 'd ) another cavity . lumière maestro , you wife be upstairs , find it harder and harder to stay awake . she 's count on you to help we break this curse . cadenza then , I shall play through the dental pain ! cogsworth ( whisper to cadenza ) but maestro . play quietly . please . cadenza quietly ? sotto voce ? of course . be there any other tasteless demand you wish to make upon my artistry ? cogsworth no , that 's it . Mrs. pott lead Belle to the end of the long dining table . mrs . pott there you be , dear . lumière leap onto the table . float at a high window , plummette use a silver platter to turn a shaft of moonlight into a spotlight . as lumière begin " be our guest . " 45 . lumière ma chere , mademoiselle . it be with deep pride and great pleasure that we welcome you tonight . and now , we invite you to relax . Belle sit down in a chair , which move in , bring she closer to the table . lumière motion up to plumette to steady she shaky spotlight . lumière ( cont 'd ) let we pull up a chair ... as the dining room proudly present ... cadenza play a dramatic scale as a table cloth unfurl , and lumière jump up and land in a pose . cadenza end he scale on the wrong note . lumière shoot he a look , cadenza play the right note , and lumière turn to Belle and smile . lumière ( cont 'd ) ... you dinner . ( sing to Belle ) be we guest , be we guest the napkin on the place setting rise up and twirl . chapeau offer Belle a napkin . lumière ( cont 'd ) put we service to the test tie you napkin `round you neck , cherie and we provide the rest ! spin quickly , chapeau present the follow to Belle : lumière ( cont 'd ) Soup du jour , hot hor d'oeuvre why we only live to serve try the grey stuff , it 's delicious Belle reach out to try it , but it 's go before she can . lumière ( cont 'd ) do not believe I ? ask the dish ! the hor d'oeuvre plate go off , leave the dinner dish to levitate and spin . lumière ( cont 'd ) they can sing , they can dance after all , miss , this be France ! a small guillotine on the table drop , slice the baguette . menus fly in overhead , buzzing a disgruntled cogsworth . Belle reach up and grab one . lumière ( cont 'd ) and a dinner here be never second best go on unfold you menu ( more ) 46 . lumière ( cont 'd ) take a glance and then you ' will be we guest , be we guest lumière and cogsworth be we guest ! cogsworth shush lumière , and lumière jab he back . one by one the kitchen door swing open , present : lumière beef ragout , cheese souffle , pie and pudding en flambé! the fish pie explode ! a piece of cod hit cogsworth in the face , knock he over . lumière ( cont 'd ) we will prepare and serve with flair a culinary cabaret ! flute glass fill up with champagne and then break into a Bob fosse homage . Belle grab a glass , but lumière snatch it before she sip . lumière ( cont 'd ) you be alone and you be scared but the banquet 's all prepare ! lumière coax the flatware to its foot . lumière ( cont 'd ) no one 's gloomy or complain while the flatware 's entertaining ! the flatware hold out a napkin , into which lumière jump , like a trampoline . he be launch into the air , swinging between chandelier a la cirque du Soleil . lumière ( cont 'd ) we tell joke , I do trick with my fellow candlestick chandelier candlestick and it 's all in perfect taste that you can bet ! lumière fall and land back in the middle of the champagne flute . they rise up around he . lumière come on and lift you glass you have win you own free pass to be we guest ( to cogsworth ) if you be stress , it 's fine dining we suggest . 47 . lumière ( cont 'd ) oui we guest be we guest , be we guest ! cogsworth step back as lumière again take center stage in a martha Graham inspire solo . lumière ( cont 'd ) life be so unnerve for a servant who 's not serve Belle reach again for food but be stop by lumière 's melodramatic histrionics . he wrap himself in a napkin for the full martha Graham effect . lumière ( cont 'd ) he 's not whole without a soul to wait upon lumière do a `tragic walk ' down the table . reaching the end , he slide down to the floor on the tablecloth , then gather it around he neck and continue on . Belle try to stab a bite as the food move past she , as if on a conveyer belt . slide past she , cogsworth wobble . on the floor , snow swirl around lumière . we pull out to see several " ette " fling salt at he to create the effect . lumière ( cont 'd ) ah , that good old day when we be useful suddenly , that good old day be go reaching the end of the table , plate dive and spin into neat pile -- lumière ( cont 'd ) too long we have be rusting need so much more than dusting need exercise a chance to use we skill -- while cogsworth land on lumière 's lap below . chapeau scoops they both up and drop they back on the table before Belle . lumière ( cont 'd ) most day we just lay around the castle flabby , fat and lazy lumière playfully poke cogsworth in he pot belly -- then take a fly leap ! lumière ( cont 'd ) you walk in , and oop -a-daisie ! 48 . 58 int . kitchen - castle - night 58 Mrs. pott hop along the edge of the sink basin . mrs . pott it 's a guest , it 's a guest ! sake alive , and I will be bless ! wine 's be pour and thank the Lord I have have more napkin freshly press ! she ascent to the top of a tiere , circular pastry table , as napkin twirl around she . dessert appear and circle Mrs. pott . then tea cup enter on the outer circle , move in the opposite direction . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) with dessert , she will want tea and my dear , that 's fine with I ! while the cup do they soft shoe , I will be bubbling , I will be brewing ! from overhead , a la busby Berkeley , we reveal dessert , teacup , napkin , the floor , everything circle in oppose direction . Mrs. pott descend , jump onto she tea trolley -- and notice a smudge of icing on chip . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) I will get warm , piping hot Heaven 's sake , be that a spot ? she quickly steam it off he . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) clean it up , we want the company impressed ! the trolley roll through the door -- 59 int . dine room - castle - night 59 -- and up to Belle . Mrs. pott pour a cup into chip . mrs . pott we have get a lot to do -- be it one lump or two ? for you we guest ! lumière she 's we guest ! mrs . pott she 's we guest ! finally , unable to resist , cogsworth join in , push lumière out of the spotlight . cogsworth , lumière , mrs . pott she 's we guest ! 49 . plumette and she " ette " descend on a chandelier , which be lower by lumière . they dance ; a beyoncé homage . all be we guest ! be we guest ! we command be you request ! it 's year since we have anybody here and we be obsessed ! lumière tie the chandelier rope around cogsworth , who fall over , cause the light to spin . plumette dive into a massive punch bowl , lead she " ette " into a esther Williams moment . all ( cont 'd ) with you meal , with you ease , yes indeed , we aim to please splashes from the punch bowl launch we into a " singin ' in the rain " moment , with lumière dance under the fountain . the grand finale be pure bollywood , punctuate by explosion of candy - color powder . all ( cont 'd ) while the candlelight 's still glow , let we help you , we will keep go -- course by ... course ! one by one ! til you shout " enough , I be do ! " then we will sing you off to sleep as you digest tonight you will prop you foot up but for now let 's eat up ... be we guest ! be we guest ! be we guest ! please ! be we guest !! as the table clear itself , whoosh back into the kitchen , lumière whirl toward Belle , finally present she with -- lumière pudd ?! overwhelm , she laugh . 60 int . foyer - castle - night 60 Mrs. pott ( on she trolley cart ) escort Belle from the dining room . belle surely you be as trap here as I be . do not you ever want to escape ? mrs . pott the master 's not as terrible as he appear . somewhere deep in he soul , there 's a prince of a fellow , just wait to be set free . 50 . Belle take this in , a valuable piece of the puzzle . she look up at the massive staircase . belle lumiere mention something about the West wing ... mrs . pott never you mind about that . off to bed with you , poppet . belle good night . mrs . pott nighty -night . straight to bed ! Mrs. pott move off as Belle climb the stair toward she room . at the top , she hurry up the staircase lead to the west wing . 63 int . staircase - west wing - castle - night 63 Belle stick to the shadow . she walk up to a massive wooden door -- slightly ajar . 64 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 64 Furniture lie in rubble , curtain be shred -- evidence of the beast 's temper . wary , Belle investigate when -- she glimpse eye peering at her off to the side . with a start , Belle wheel to find -- the eye belong to a royal portrait . the subject seem to be a teenage boy but he face have be slashed beyond recognition . only the eye survive . Bright blue . engage . resembling the eye of the beast . she realize that this be the " prince of a fellow " Mrs. pott be refer to . Belle lean in to study the painting . a royal family stand by the castle . the father 's image have be slashed . the queen remain pristine . kind. beautiful . Belle move past a large four-poster bed , its fade coverlet gray with dust , like no one have sleep in it for year . on the floor , she see a makeshift bed make of straw , tear bit of fabric and crumpled blanket : the rest place of a nocturnal carnivore . Belle turn and see the glow come from the glass jar by a open window lead to the balcony . Inside the jar -- the enchanted rose . mesmerized , Belle approach the rise . she lift the jar , leave the rise unprotect . she reach out to touch the rise . a shadow cut across Belle 's face . 51 . the beast what be you do here !? what did you do to it !? the beast bear down on Belle , back she up . she put down the bell jar . belle nothing . the beast do you realize what you could have do !? you could have damned US all ! get out ! go ! Belle run . the beast turn and cover the rise , panicked and protective . 65,66 int . foyer - castle - night 65,66 lumière and cogsworth play chess on a upper landing , with froufrou rest between they . lumière checkmate . again . cogsworth because you cheat . again . Belle appear , racing down the west wing staircase . lumière Mademoiselle ... what be you do ? belle get out of here ! cogsworth jump onto the chess board as lumiere hop to the floor . cogsworth stop ! lumière go go , froufrou ! froufrou jump up and start after Belle . cogsworth yes froufrou , stop she ! Belle barrel down the main staircase , froufrou in close pursuit . Mrs. pott enter from the kitchen , wear a tea cosy . mrs . pott you do not want to go out there ! 52 . at the top of the stair , cogsworth sound a whistle . in quick cut , window drop and shutter close . Belle hit the bottom of the grand staircase and run towards the door -- only to watch it bolt itself lock . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) stop she ! froufrou run in front of Belle to block she exit , and growl . cogsworth who 's a good dog ? then suddenly , he growl turn to playful yap , as he stand on he hind leg and pants playfully . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) what ? no , it 's not playtime ! bad dog ! bad dog ! mrs . pott what part of `stop she ' do not you understand , dog ?! froufrou spin and scramble outside , scoot through the low postern door within the great front door . in he excitement , he 's provide Belle with a escape ! Belle snatch she cloak from a bewilder chapeau , and shimmy out through this same `doggie door . ' lumière please , do not go ! it 's dangerous ! Mrs. pott rush forward but it 's too late . a look of dread settles on she face ... mrs . pott oh my ... 67 omitted 67 68 omitted 68 69 ext . enchanted wood - night 69 howl . philippe 's hoof hit the snowy landscape . Belle race through the wood . she look back to see if the beast follow she . she only see a glimpse of the castle . she think she have escape . surely , she have escape . wolve howl nearby . angle on philippe's muddy hoofprint -- a wolf paw smashes down over the print -- the wolf howl -- 53. angle on belle -- out of the corner of she eye , she see shape of a dozen white wolve flitting through the tree , close in on she . Belle forges on -- the wolf be not bother to hide anymore , they have emerge from the tree to take down they prey -- close in fast -- -- Belle push through the undergrowth to find she have reach a frozen pond . philippe do not hesitate . he gallop onto the ice , and across the pond . the sound of ice cracking under he hoof be deep and low . and increase . philippe 's hoof slide on the ice . the wolf close in . philippe make it across the pond onto land . but before Belle can feel any relief -- a wolf jaw snap at philippe 's thigh . then another . the horse buck wildly -- cause Belle to make a control leap onto a snow bank . she seize a thick branch and wield it as a club -- as the wolf surround she , jaw slaver -- Belle swing she club as one wolf lunge at she , its bare tooth like razor . she beat it away . she turn to confront another -- it bite the branch clean out of she hand . Belle turn , look up -- on a rock promontory , the scar alpha wolf be about to take a diving leap onto she . it jump , and she flinch -- but just as the wolf be about to make its horrible landing -- the beast appear -- -- and catch it in mid-air ! with supernatural force , the beast hurl the wolf across the freeze pond , howling ! all the wolf dive on the beast at once , tear shred from he cloak . he strike at they -- wolf scurry , yelping -- the oversize alpha wolf climb onto the beast 's back , go for he neck . the beast slam together the wolf on he arm , drop they -- then reach back and seize the Alpha . wolf and beast snarl inch from each other -- the beast squeeze -- then hurl the Alpha into a stone ledge -- crack -- knock he out . the remain pack retreat in panic , they yelp echoing through the tree . tight on belle -- watch as the beast whimper in pain . his shoulder slump . he collapse in the snow . this be she chance . Belle could run . she look past philippe , to the wood -- to freedom . but then turn back , and slowly approach the wounded beast . Belle cover the beast with she blanket . he stir . one eye open . 54 . belle you have to help I ... you have to stand ... CUT to : the beast be slump across philippe 's saddle . as Belle take the rein and begin the long walk back to the castle , we rise into the sky , where we can see the border that separate the enchant wood from the outside world , and ... 70 ext . wood - night 70 wolve howl . gaston 's carriage move through the scary wood , lefou squeeze in back behind gaston and maurice . maurice no ! I be sure this be the way ! do you hear that wolf ? that mean we be get very close to the castle . gaston look , enough be enough . we have to turn back . maurice stop ! that 's it ! maurice point up ahead to the withered tree that look like a elderly person's cane -- the tree be stand again , the tunnel of tree now hide behind it . maurice hop down from the wagon . maurice ( cont 'd ) that 's the tree . I be sure of it . of course , it be down by lightning at the time , but now it 's be restore to a upright position , through some sort of ... magic . or other . lefout ( sotto to gaston ) you really want to marry into this family ? maurice so that mean the castle be definitely that way ! a angry gaston step out and approach maurice . gaston I be do play this game of yours . where be Belle ? maurice the beast take she ! 55 . gaston there be no such thing as beast , or talk teacup , or ... magic ! but there be wolf , frostbite , and starvation . lefout deep breath , gaston . deep breath . gaston so why do not we just turn around go back to villeneuve ? I be sure Belle be at home , cooking up a lovely dinner ... maurice if you think I have make all this up , then why do you offer to help ? gaston because I want to marry you daughter ! now let 's go home . maurice Belle be not at home ! she 's with the -- gaston if you say beast one more time , I will feed you to the wolve ! gaston hold he fist to strike maurice across the face . Le fou run over to intervene . lefout gaston ! stop ! breathe . think happy thought . go back to the war . blood , explosion , countless widow ... gaston widow ... lefout yes , yes , that 's it , that 's it ... lefou 's voice snap gaston out of he rage . he put on that gaston smile like a Halloween mask . gaston please , forgive I , old bean . that 's no way to talk to my future father - in- law , now be it ? maurice future father - in-law ...? you will never marry my daughter . a beat . without a word , gaston hit maurice , knock he out . lefout I see that come ... 56 . 70a ext . remote forest road - night ( later ) 70 a maurice be now tie to a tree . gaston secure the knot and walk to the carriage . darkness have come over gaston . gaston if maurice will not give I he bless , then he be in my way . once the wolf be finish with he , Belle will have no one to take care of she but I . lefout for the sake of exhaust all of we option , do we maybe want to consider a less gruesome alternative ? gaston climb into the carriage . gaston be you come ? lefou look back to maurice , a apology in he eye . he climb into the carriage . gaston and lefou ride off , leave maurice to die . 71 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 71 the beast lie in he old human bed . Belle dab a large gash on the beast 's arm . the beast bare he fang and let out a roar . the beast rooooaarrrr ! ow ! that hurt ! belle if you hold still , it would not hurt as much . the beast if you have not run away , none of this would have happen . belle well if you have not frighten I , I would not have run away . the household staff anxiously watch the battle of word . the beast well you should not have be in the west wing . belle well you should learn to control you temper . 57 . the beast be momentarily silence . Belle look down at the wound she have be dabbing . it 's worse than she think . belle ( cont 'd ) try to get some rest . the beast 's breath slow to a low rumble as he eye slip shut . mrs . pott thank you , miss . lumière we be eternally grateful . belle why do you care so much about he ? mrs . pott we have look after he all he life . belle but he have curse you somehow . ( off they silence ) why ? you do nothing . mrs . pott you be quite right there , dear . you see , when the master lose he mother , and he cruel father take that sweet innocent lad and twisted he up to be just like he ... we do nothing . Belle note they shame just as we hear the first note of a beautiful melody come from the ballroom downstairs . this be the beast 's lullaby -- " day in the SUN . " lumière let he sleep . as the staff and Belle exit , the beast stir . we move from he face , shiver in a fever dream , to discover -- 71a int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 71a the young prince gaze down sadly . young prince day in the sun when my life have barely begin we move around to reveal that he be look at the pale body of the queen on she deathb . young prince ( cont 'd ) not until my own life be do will I ever leave you 58 . behind the prince , a figure approach : he father . cruelty write on he face . place he large hand on the boy 's shoulder , he pull he out of the room . 72 int . castle - ballroom / foyer - night 72 in the gloomy ballroom , cadenza play the beautiful melody . cadenza will I tremble again to my dear one 's gorgeous refrain ? the melody drift through the ballroom until we find lumière and plumette , dance : lumière &amp ; plumette will you now forever remain out of reach of my arm ? 72aa int . castle - kitchen - night 72 aa drifting to Mrs. pott and chip , as she tuck he into bed in the cupboard : mrs . pott oh that day in the sun what I would give to relive just one undo what 's do and bring back the light the melody waft up to : 72a int . belle' bedroom - castle - night 72a Madame de garderobe join in : garderobe o I could sing of the pain this dark day bring the spell we be under still it 's the wonder of we I sing of tonight Belle turn to the window , sing : belle how in the midst of all this sorrow can so much hope and love endure ? I be innocent and certain now I be wiser but unsure 59 . belle ( cont 'd ) garderobe I can not go back into my day in the past childhood ah that precious day one that my father make could not last secure oh - hold I closer I can feel the change in I I be stronger now but still not free from the window , we pan across to the castle , to the horizon - - where the sun be rise . 72b omitted 72b 72c omitted 72c 73 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - morning 73 the beast 's eye be close as he feel he mother 's hand on he head one more time . the whole staff look on : all day in the sun will return - we must believe as lover do that day in the sun will come shine through the beast open he eye weakly , take in the low light of sunrise . as he vision adjust , the silhouett figure by he bedside be reveal . not he mother , but Belle . a smile form on he lip , and he close he eye again . in the glass jar , a petal drop as if float on the melody . Belle cross to it . belle what happen when the last petal fall ? lumière the master remain a beast forever . and the rest of we become ... mrs . pott antique . lumière knickknack . plumette lightly use houseware . cogsworth rubbish . we become rubbish . belle I want to help you . there must be some way to lift the curse . 60 . the staff exchange look . cogsworth well , there be one -- lumière candle - smack he , leave a waxy smear on he face . mrs . pott it 's not for you to worry about , lamb . we have make we bed and we must lie in it . the beast open he eye , he 's be listen . the year of shame and anguish haunt he face as he begin to remember what it be to be human . 74 ext . remote forest road - morning 74 maurice sleep . suddenly , we hear the branch crack around he . the sound get closer , and just when we think that wolf have find maurice , we see -- a hooded figure emerge from the wood . the figure look at maurice , he breathe make fog in the cold . alarm , the figure rush up and pull down the hood to reveal -- agathe . the beggar woman . 75 ext . agathe' shelter - wood - day 75 agathe , she arm around maurice , guide he into a shelter in a small clear . gently , she lay he down and remove she cloak , spread it over he for warmth . she pull a bundle off she back and rifle through it , remove herb , a mortar and pestle , and expertly whip up a concoction that she bring to maurice 's lip . agathe drink . he blink , revive , as he drink it down . maurice thank you ... agathe . 76 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - day 76 the beast lie in bed , still bandage . belle ( o.s. ) Love can transpose to form and dignity . Love look not with the eye but with the mind . and therefore -- he open he eye to see that Belle be not read , she 's recite from memory . he join in -- 61 . the beast and therefore be winge cupid paint blind . Belle look up , surprised . belle so you know Shakespeare ? the beast I have a expensive education . belle actually , " Romeo and juliet " be my favorite play . the beast why be that not a surprise ? belle sorry ? the beast all that heartache and pine and -- ( a beastly shudder ) there be so many better thing to read . belle like what ? the beast smile . 77 int . library - castle - day 77 the beast have lead Belle into the biggest grandest private library in all of France . the chamber be vast and line floor to ceiling with book . the beast should be something here you can start with ... he turn to see Belle , speechless . belle it 's wonderful . the beast oh . yes , I suppose it be ... well , if you like it so much , then it 's yours . the beast start to leave . he be stop by -- belle have you really read every one of this book ? 62 . the beast not all of they . some be in Greek . belle be that a joke ? be you make joke now ? the beast maybe . Belle shake she head but be also charme . the beast turn and stride out . 78 int . dine room - castle - night 78 the beast eat at the table , read a book which sit on a stand . he look up to see Belle sit at the other end with three book . she pick up she spoon and start to eat . the beast plant he face in the bowl . look up a second later have inhale the soup , half of which be drip from he fur . Belle attempt a smile . " something there " begin . 78a ext . castle ground - wooded glen - day 78a Belle and the beast cross a stone footbridge . she read aloud to the patient , who move tentatively , favor a wounded leg . belle the air be blue and keen and cold and in a freeze sheath enrol the beast stop . Belle , savore the word , keep walk . belle ( cont 'd ) each branch , each twig , each blade of grass seem clad miraculously with glass Belle notice that she 's walk alone . she turn back , see the beast stare out soulfully : beast I feel as if I be see it for the first time . as she follow he gaze , we reveal a splendidly desolate landscape . the very thing Belle have just describe , now spread out before she . beast ( cont 'd ) be there more ? Belle smile , pleased that for a moment at least he 's become a fan of poetry . she read : 63. belle but in that solemn silence be hear the whisper of every sleep thing : " look , look at I come wake I up for still here I be . " Belle meet the beast 's eye . both suddenly aware of hide meaning in the poet 's word . 79 ext . castle ground - day 79 in the fresh snow , Belle brushes philippe 's coat . the beast look at Belle -- she nod -- and he pet the horse . philippe react skittishly , cause the beast to withdraw . Belle take he hand and place it on philippe . then , as she turn away -- belle there 's something sweet and almost kind but he be mean and he be coarse and unrefine she look back -- see the beast petting philippe . belle ( cont 'd ) and now he 's dear and so unsure I wonder why I do not see it there before suddenly , a snowball hit the beast . he turn to see Belle smile . the beast build a huge snowball , and hurl it at Belle . it knock she clean off she foot and into the snow . off the beast , grin in delight -- 80 omitted 80 81 int . dine room - castle - night 81 Belle read at she end of the long dining table . she look up and see the beast look at she . " May I ? " she nod , go back to she book . as he walk the length of the table : the beast she glance this way I think I see and when we touch she do not shudder at my paw no , it can not be I will just ignore but then she 's never look at I that way before the beast sit . he grab he bowl and slurp down the soup , then catch himself as he see Belle watch he . 64 . after a moment , she pick up she bowl and drink the soup the same way . the beast smile . they loudly slurp and laugh together . 82 int . ballroom - castle / ext . castle ground - day 82 plumette and several ette remove dust bag from the chandelier , as Belle stand on a balcony , sleeve roll up . she scrub a dirty window , cause a beam of sunlight to strike cadenza . meanwhile chapeau mop the floor , clean off year of grime , revealing the shiny marble underneath . belle New and a bit alarming who would have ever think that this could be ? through the clean window she see the beast outside , walk philippe -- and talk to he . belle ( cont 'd ) true that he 's no Prince charm but there 's something in he that I simply do not see ! 83 int . library - castle - day 83 Belle stand on a ladder , pull down book after book , and hand they to the beast . the staff watch from the corner . plumette well , who would have think ? mrs . pott well , bless my soul ! cogsworth well , who would have know ? lumière well , who indeed ? the tower stack in the beast 's arm teeter until the library table scoot up behind he , allow he to set the stack down . the beast nod gratefully , and the wizen globe on the tabletop nod back . as the staff move away : lumière ( cont 'd ) and who would have guess they would come together on they own ? mrs . pott it 's so peculiar , wait and see . all we will wait and see ! a few day more ( more ) 65 . all ( cont 'd ) there may be something there that be not there before . cogsworth you know , perhaps there 's something there that be not there before . chip what , mama ? mrs . pott there may be something there that be not there before . chip what be it , what 's there ? mrs . pott I will tell you when you be older . chip wait a long beat . chip okay , I be older ! Mrs. pott laugh . mrs . pott oh chip , you be a one ! 84 ext . castle ground - colonnade - day 84 sitting in the beautiful rise garden , the beast look up from he book as Belle approach . belle what be you read ? the beast nothing . he hide the book but Belle catch the title . belle guinevere and lancelot . the beast well actually , King Arthur and the round table . Knights , and man , and sword and thing ... belle but still ... it 's a romance . the beast nod , a bit shyly . the beast all right . I feel like a change . 66 . belle I never thank you for save my life . the beast well I never thank you ... for not leave I to be eat by wolf . Belle laugh . a quiet charge moment , which end with the shout and laughter of the servant in the castle . Belle and the beast can not help but smile . belle they know how to have a good time . the beast yes . but when I enter the room , laughter die . belle I , too . the villager say that I be a " funny girl , " but I do not think they mean it as a compliment . the beast I be sorry . you village sound terrible . belle almost as lonely as you castle . he turn to she with a melancholy smile . then , a idea . the beast what do you say we run away ? Belle be surprised by the suggestion . 85 int . library - castle - night 85 the beast unlock a desk cabinet . in it , rest on velvet , its gold - leaf cover faintly glimmer with magic , be a leather bound book cover in a thick layer of dust . the beast another little " gift " from the enchantress ... the beast crack open the book to reveal a antique world atlas . no country . just land and sea . the beast ( cont 'd ) a book that truly allow you to escape . Belle move closer to find the pen and ink draw be alive . wave lap the beach . Green tree sway in invisible wind . 67 . belle how amazing . the beast it be she cruelest trick of all . the outside world have no place for a creature like I . but it can for you . the beast offer he hand and Belle take it . he gently move she hand to the book . the beast ( cont 'd ) think of the place you have most want to see . first , see it in you mind 's eye . now feel it in you heart . Belle nod -- this be not a difficult decision . the moment she hand hit the page , we enter it , spinning through celestial flare -- which blur and recombine -- as the light of Paris . we descend over the city and into ... 86 int . artist garret - montmartre - night 86 ... the top floor of a windmill in Montmartre . the beast where do you take we ? belle Paris . the beast look out of a window and see glitter light . the beast oh , I love Paris . what would you like to see first ? Notre Dame ? the champ - elysé ? no ? too touristy ? he turn to find Belle silent . her eye brim with tear . belle it 's so much smaller than I imagine . the beast watch Belle walk through she childhood home ... the artist 's garret that maurice recreate in he signature music box . abandon year ago , the room be crumble . Belle find the remain of she father 's easel . a tarnish wall mirror . her own break crib . belle ( cont 'd ) this be the Paris of my childhood this be the border of my life in this crumble dusty attic where a artist love he wife I think that I would find a answer here where he heart have always live ( more ) 68 . belle ( cont 'd ) now I see it 's empty and abandon easy to remember harder to move on know that the Paris of my childhood be go Belle notice something tuck into a corner of the crib . she pries it loose . it be a baby rattle carve into the shape of a rise . the beast focus on it . the beast what happen to you mother ? belle that 's the only story papa could never bring himself to tell . and I know better than to ask ... as she speak , the beast notice something on a chair . the dark , point mask of a plague doctor . he look up . the beast Plague . the revelation land on Belle 's face . she look around . in quick tight shot --- Belle glimpsis what must have happen . a doctor stand in the doorway , he face cover by the mask . doctor you must leave . now . a bag be hastily pack , Belle 's younger father ( barely see ) take only what be necessary . he stop to gaze at Belle 's mother , who lie on she deathb , surround by medicine . belle' mother quickly ... before it take she too ... she close she eye , turn away . maurice pick up the baby ... who drop she beloved rise - shape rattle . Belle 's mother touch it to she lip as husband and child disappear . back to the present Belle stare at the rattle . the beast I be sorry I ever call you father a thief . Belle lift she head , she wet eye look at he . 69 . belle let 's go home . she mean the castle . the beast nod , take she hand . 87 ext . country inn - evening 87 wind and rain dance in front of the inn . music and drunken laughter inside . lefout wow , this be some storm . at least we be not tie to a tree in the middle of nowhere , right ? you know it 's not too late , we could just go get he ... gaston do not react . lefout ( cont 'd ) it 's just , every time I close my eye , I picture maurice strand out there . and then when I open they , he 's -- 88 int . country inn - evening 88 they enter and see maurice surround by pere Robert and Jean the potter . lefout ( excitedly ) maurice ! lefou realize he should not be happy and tamp down he smile . maurice and gaston lock eye . gaston quickly assess the situation . tavern keeper gaston , do you try to kill maurice ? just when we think gaston might run or fight or deny , he smile warmly . gaston oh , maurice ! thank heaven . I have spend the last five day try to find you . suddenly , the villager shift they gaze to maurice . maurice no ! you try to kill I ! you leave I for the wolf ! gaston maurice , it 's one thing to rave about you delusion . it 's another to accuse I of attempt murder . 70 . gaston 's argument land . the gentle maurice feel the room slip away from he . jean maurice , do you have any proof of what you be say ? maurice ask agathe ! she rescue I ! before agathe can speak -- gaston agathe ? you would hang you accusation on the testimony of a filthy hag ? ( to agathe ) no offense , agathe . agathe raise a eyebrow - but say nothing . maurice monsieur lefou ! he be there . he see it all . lefout I ? gaston you be right . do not take my word for it . he put he arm around lefou and pull he close . gaston ( cont 'd ) lefou , my dearest companion , do I , you oldest friend and most loyal compatriot , try to kill the father of the only woman I have ever love ? all eye turn to lefou , who be clearly tear . lefout it 's a complicated question on a number of account , but ... no . no , he do not . the crowd react . maurice be crestfallen . gaston have win . maurice lunge at gaston -- who catch he fly fist , easily subdue he . gaston maurice , it pain I to say this , but you have become a danger to yourself and other . no wonder Belle run away . you need help , sir . a place to heal you troubled mind . 71 . gaston signal to Tom , Dick , and stanley -- and maurice turn to see they block the exit . gaston place he large hand on maurice 's shoulder -- and squeeze . maurice wince . gaston ( cont 'd ) everything 's go to be fine . 89 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - evening 89 the beast sit in a tub -- far too small for he . there 's shadow - play on the curtain . beast I see she in the ballroom , and I say , well , you be make this so beautiful , we should have a dance tonight . I never think she would actually say yes ! what be I think ?! lumière no , master , it 's perfect ! the rise have only four petal leave . which mean tonight ... you must tell she how you feel . the beast stand , appear above the curtain , sopping wet . the beast I feel like a fool . she will never love I . lumière do not be discourage . the beast shake he coat dry like a dog . the spray extinguish lumière 's candle . lumière ( cont 'd ) she be the one . the beast I wish you would stop say that ! CUT to : the beast plop into he a seat in front of the mirror . the beast ( cont 'd ) there be no one . lumière you care for she , do not you ? well then , woo she with beautiful music and romantic candlelight ... plumette yes , and when the moment 's just right ... 72 . the beast but how will I know ? cogsworth you will feel slightly nauseous . lumière do not worry , master , you will do fine . mrs . pott just stop be a coward and tell Belle how you feel . and if you do not , I promise you will be drink cold tea for the rest of you life . lumière in the dark . plumette cover in dust . lumière Dark and very very dusty . off the beast , take this in -- CUT to : 89a a brief montage , as the castle staff give the beast a very 89 a bad makeover . lumière ( cont 'd ) start with the hair ! woman love nice hair . mrs . pott I will take the finger and toe ! cogsworth chapeau , brush that tooth ! chapeau wield scissors and a brush as Mrs. pott pour hot water into chip . the beast be push and pull , primp and snipped . his finger be dip into chip , he nail buff by Mrs. pott ' steam , as lumière climb onto he horn . lumière dip dip , snip snip ... plumette powder the beast 's face -- plumette eye close , poof poof ! lumière and the pièce de résistance ... 73. chapeau place one of the Prince 's old wig on the beast . plumette peck he cheek with a beauty mark . the beast spin in he chair to see himself in the mirror , and -- he 's totally ridiculous . the staff , deject , take in its handiwork . lumière ( cont 'd ) ok , I can fix this ! 90 int . belle' bedroom - castle - evening 90 garderobe finish dress Belle . garderobe beautiful . but something be miss . garderobe look up . there 's dust around the gild that glow in the moonlight . a moment of inspiration . garderobe ( cont 'd ) ahh , yes . the finish touch . garderobe sweep she arm , and the gold dust magically whoosh down , settling on Belle 's gown , and complete it . 91 int . grand staircase - castle - night 91 Belle be breathtaking as she be reveal on the upper landing . mustering he courage , the beast descend from the west wing . she gaze over at the beast , who look resplendent . she see he in a new light . " beauty and the beast " begin . from the bottom of the staircase , Mrs. pott watch with chip -- mrs . pott Tale as old as time true as it can be barely even friend then somebody bend unexpectedly the beast and Belle meet on the center landing and descend the staircase . Arm in arm , they enter -- 92 int . ballroom - castle - night 92 -- the absolutely resplendent ballroom . it have be clean and scrubbed to its former glory . the great window offer a magnificent view of the starry night . mrs . pott just a little change small to say the least both a little scared neither one prepare beauty and the Beast 74 . as the music rise , Belle bow . the beast bow in return . she offer he she hand -- and nervously , he take they . they begin to dance , glide across the ballroom -- camera sweep up to see carve instrumental figure -- violin , violas , harp -- which have come to life and be play accompaniment with cadenza -- sparkling with polish . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) ever just the same ever a surprise ever as before ever just as sure as the sun will rise Tale as old as time tune as old as song bittersweet and strange find you can change learn you be wrong angle on beauty and the beast -- in this moment , nothing in the world exist except each other . despite he bulk , the beast be careful , gentle , graceful . the light in the ballroom grow dim as he lift she , spin . Belle be sweep away . angle on the household staff -- watch in mount hope and excitement . on top of cadenza , lumière put a arm around cogsworth , pull he closer . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) certain as the sun rising in the East Tale as old as time song as old as rhyme beauty and the Beast the light come back up as the terrace door open , allow Belle and the beast to step outdoors . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) Tale as old as time song as old as rhyme beauty and the Beast chip nuzzle he mother , as Belle and the beast move out to : 93 ext . terrace - castle - night 93 Belle and the beast stand together under the star . the beast I have not dance in year . I would almost forget the feel . mustering he courage -- 75 . the beast ( cont 'd ) it 's foolish , I suppose , for a creature like I to hope that one day he might earn you affection . belle I do not know ... the beast really ? so you think you could be happy here ? belle could anyone be happy if they be not free ? she gaze wistfully toward the forest . belle ( cont 'd ) my father teach I to dance . I use to step on he toe a lot . the beast you must miss he . belle very much . the beast ( think , decide ) would you like to see he ? 94 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 94 Belle stare into the beast 's hand mirror . belle I would like to see my father . a glow of magic . when it clear Belle see maurice -- be manhandle in the village square ! he look terrify . belle ( cont 'd ) papa ! what be they do to he ?! the beast react to she suffer . a moment of choice . the beast ( pain ) you must go to he . belle what do you say ? the beast you must go to he . no time to waste . 76 . Belle look at the beast as she have never do before -- with gratitude and appreciation . she move to return the mirror . the beast ( cont 'd ) no. keep it with you . and you ' will always have a way to look back on I . belle thank you . she rush out . 94a int . foyer - castle - night 94a Belle run down the grand staircase towards the door . she stop , see chapeau . he bow to she , silently , sadly . choke back tear , she be go . chapeau look up to the landing , and see Mrs. pott stand there , watch . heartbroken . 94b int . beast' lair - west wing - castle 94b the beast unclasp he beautiful coat and let it fall to the ground . cogsworth enter , eager for news . cogsworth well , master , I may have have my doubt , but everything be move like clockwork . true love really do win the day ! the beast I let she go . cogsworth you ... what !? lumière and plumette enter behind cogsworth , follow by Mrs. pott . lumière master ... how could you do that ? the beast I have to . cogsworth but why ? the beast do not answer . mrs . pott because he love she . lumière then why be we not human ? 77 . cogsworth ( angry ) because she do not love he ! and now , it 's too late . plumette but she might still come back -- the beast no . I have set she free . I be sorry I could not do the same for all of you . he turn away , unable to face they . the beast ( cont 'd ) now go . we time be almost past . the staff retreat . as " evermore " begin , the beast pull on a dark cape . the beast ( cont 'd ) I be the one who have it all I be the master of my fate I never need anybody in my life I learn the truth too late 95 int . / ext . turret - castle - night 95 he step onto the balcony of he lair . from he Pov , we see Belle mount philippe on the castle grounds below . the beast I will never shake away the pain I close my eye but she 's still there I let she steal into my melancholy heart it 's more than I can bear Belle set off and the beast begin to climb the castle turret . the beast ( cont 'd ) now I know she will never leave I even as she run away she will still torment I , calm I , hurt I , move I come what may the beast climb higher and higher , to keep Belle in sight as she get further and further away . the beast ( cont 'd ) wasting in my lonely tower wait by a open door I will fool myself she will walk right in and be with I for evermore the beast climb , Belle riding , until he reach the high turret of the castle . 78 . the beast ( cont 'd ) I rage against the trial of love I curse the fade of the light though she 's already fly so far beyond my reach she 's never out of sight now I know she will never leave I even as she fade from view she will still torment I , be part of everything I do wasting in my lonely tower wait by a open door I will fool myself she will walk right in and as the long long night begin I will think of all that might have be wait here for evermore the beast stand at the edge of the turret as Belle finally disappear through the castle gate . 96 ext . village of villeneuve - square - night 96 a horse -drawn asylum wagon thunder into the square where maurice be surround by taunting villager . the eerie driver , monsieur d'arque , step out as Tom , Dick and stanley throw maurice into he cage on wheel . villager approach the wagon like 18th century rubbernecker . gaston lean into the wagon . the gather crowd be just loud enough to mask a private plea to maurice ... gaston have you ever see the inside of a mad house , maurice ? you would not last a week . just give I you daughter 's hand , and I will set you free . maurice never . gaston clenches he jaw and lock the door with a clank . gaston take he away ! the wagon begin to move . the rubbernecker watch the wagon until they be silence by a loud ... belle ( o.s. ) stop ! Belle 's voice cut through the crowd . they turn and gape at -- belle , dazzling , in her evening gown . the crowd part before she as she dismount philippe and move to the wagon . they whisper as she pass -- 79 . villager " Belle ... " " where do she come from ? " " be that Belle ... " " look at that dress ... " gaston stare , slack - jaw , unable to believe he eye . we linger on the jealous village lass , the puzzle Jean , the confuse lefou , the foul - tempere clothilde , the bewilder pere Robert , and in the shadow ... agathe . Belle fearlessly stride right in front of the wagon . the horse jump up , startle . Belle run to the lock door . maurice Belle ? I think I would lose you ! Belle see she father injure on the floor of the wagon . belle open this door ! he 's hurt ! monsieur d' arque climb down to calm she . monsieur d'arque I be afraid we can not do that , miss . but we will take very good care of he . belle my father 's not crazy ! gaston ... tell he ! gaston Belle , you know how loyal I be to you family , but you father have be make some unbelievable claim . jean it 's true , Belle . he 's be rave about a beast in a castle . belle I have just come from the castle and there be a beast ! gaston we all admire you devotion to you father , but you would say anything to free he . you word be hardly proof . Belle pull out the magic mirror from she sash . belle you want proof ? show I the beast ! in the mirror , the beast sit slump against a turret wall . the villager gasp . gaston 's face register shock . 80 . belle ( cont 'd ) there be you proof ! gaston this be sorcery ! gaston snatch the mirror from Belle and hold it up to the villager . gaston ( cont 'd ) look at this beast . look at he fang , he claw . the villager recoil in fright . belle no , do not be afraid . he be gentle and kind . gaston the monster have put she under a spell ! if I do not know better , I would say she even care for he . belle he 's not a monster , gaston . you be . ( appeal to everyone ) the beast would never hurt anyone . gaston I have hear of the effect of dark magic , but never see it with my own eye before ! this be a threat to we very existence ! raucous cry of " gaston gaston gaston ! " rise . gaston hold the mirror up . gaston ( cont 'd ) ( to the thug ) we can not have she run off to warn the beast . lock she up too . Tom , Dick and stanley strong - arm Belle into the wagon with she father . belle this be not over gaston , you will see ! lefout gaston , with all due respect -- gaston do you want to be next ? fetch my horse . 81 . gaston hop onto the back of the wagon and address the crowd . the " mob song " begin as we move through the frighten villager -- gaston ( cont 'd ) that creature will curse we all if we do not stop he ! well , I say we kill the beast ! tom we be not safe until he 's dead dick he will come stalking we at night jean set to sacrifice we child to he monstrous appetite ! clothilde he will wreak havoc on we village if we let he wander free ! gaston so it 's time to take some action , boy it 's time to follow I ! gaston grab a torch from a villager and toss it into a barrel of pitch . flame rise to the sky . gaston ( cont 'd ) through the mist , through the wood through the darkness and the shadow it 's a nightmare but it 's one exciting ride gaston light clothilde 's torch , then clasp the shoulder of monsieur d' arque , who watch helplessly as he asylum wagon horse be commandeer by the mob . gaston ( cont 'd ) say a prayer , then we be there at the drawbridge of a castle and there 's something truly terrible inside it 's a beast , he 's get fang razor sharp one massive paw , killer claw for the feast hear he roar , see he foam but we be not come home ` til he 's dead , good and dead ... kill the beast ! some villager seize shovel , pitchfork , axe . some light torch in the pitch . other wrench a boar 's head pike staff from outside the country inn . pere Robert try to calm the frenzy but the force of the mob push he back . 82. mob Light you torch , mount you horse ! gaston screw you courage to the stick place mob we be count on gaston to lead the way 97 ext . wood - night 97 gaston and lefou crash into the wood at a full gallop . gaston call it war call it threat you can bet they all will follow for in time like this they will do just as I say lefou 's doubt be grow : lefout there 's a beast running wild there 's no question but I fear the wrong monster 's release mob Sally forth , tally ho grab you sword , grab you bow praise the Lord and here we go ! gaston hold up the mirror . gaston show I the castle ! in the mirror -- gaston see the hide path to the castle . 100 int . foyer - castle - night 100 plumette 's head rest on lumière 's shoulder . Mrs. pott nuzzle chip . lumière at least he have finally learn to love . cogsworth a lot of good that do we if she do not love he in return . mrs . pott no . this be the first time I have have any real hope she would . 83. angle on chip -- he hear a distant sound -- the rumble of marching boot -- puzzle , he hop to the window embrasure -- chip do you hear that , mama ? be it she !? be she come back ?! the staff and froufrou jump up , excited , and move to the window . they see torch in the distance . lumière could it be ? they look through the glass , distort with frost , as the mob move through the garden . lumière warm the windowpane with he flame to see more clearly . lumière ( cont 'd ) sacrebleu ! invader . mrs . pott ruffian ! cogsworth well , there you go . so much for true love . man the barricade , and hold fast ! they hop down from the embrasure . 102 int . foyer - castle - night 102 lumière , cogsworth , Mrs. pott , chip , plumette and chapeau stand at the front door , form a sad barricade . castle staff heart ablaze , banner high we go march into battle -- unafraid although the danger just increase cadenza move aside ! cadenza crab-walk in from the ballroom , stand vertically and prop himself against the door . the other gather around he . 103 ext . terrace - castle - night 103 the mob haul they boar 's head batter ram up to the door . mob raise the flag , sing the song here we come , we be fifty strong and fifty frenchmen can not be wrong let 's kill the beast ! 84 . 103a int . foyer - castle - night 103a crash ! the batter ram break through the postern door , which fall out of the door frame . cogsworth we need help ! he lope towards the staircase . 105 int . asylum wagon - village of villeneuve - night 105 Belle gaze out the prison bar , see d' arque pace by the fountain . she whisper to maurice -- belle I have to warn the beast -- maurice warn he ? how do you get away from he ? belle he let I go , papa . he send I back to you . maurice I do not understand . she hold up the rise - shape rattle . maurice recognize it immediately . belle he take I there . I know what happen to maman . maurice take the rattle . stun . maurice then you know I have to leave she there . I have to protect you . I have always try to protect you ... too much , perhaps ... he stop , eye fill with tear . belle I understand . she take he hand and kiss it . belle ( cont 'd ) will you help I now ? maurice it 's dangerous . 85 . belle yes . yes it be . maurice see the courage and determination in she eye . and he own eye light up with a idea . maurice of course I could try to pick the lock . after all , it 's only gear and spring . but I would need something long and sharp -- he stop as Belle , a step ahead , remove and hand he one of she long hairpin . maurice ( cont 'd ) like that . perfect . maurice get to work . 104 ext . highest turret - castle - night 104 cogsworth hop up the spiral staircase and out onto the turret . he spot the beast , perch among the gargoyle . cogsworth pardon I , master . I be sorry to disturb you , but -- the beast she 's not come back . cogsworth no ... the castle be under attack ! the beast it do not matter now . just let they come . 106 ext . terrace - castle - night 106 the batter ram smashes against the door . mob kill the beast ! kill the beast ! 107 int . foyer - castle - night 107 the door be give way , the mob be too strong . mrs . pott this be not work ! lumière I know what to do . 86 . 108 ext . terrace - castle - night 108 the batter ram smashes again . mob kill the beast ! kill the beast ! 109 int . foyer - castle - night 109 the castle staff have now vanish , they barricade dismantle . a series of bolt on the door slide open one by one , top to bottom . the door unlock itself ... 110 ext . terrace - castle - night 110 the batter ram smashes the door one last time -- mob kill the beast ! kill the beast ! the door swing open easily and the mob tumble inside , to find : 111 int . foyer - castle - night 111 it 's empty . met by eerie silence , gaston and the mob cautiously enter . the door barely hang on its hinge . villager hold up torch . the flicker light reveal furniture . chair . a coat rack . a feather duster . a candelabra . a tea pot and teacup . a harpsichord . lefout be you not the least bit concerned that this castle might be haunt ? gaston do not lose you nerve , lefou . gaston look into the mirror . angle on lefou -- he notice Mrs. pott . bring he torch close to study she . angle on the mob -- among they , Jean the potter stare at the eerie castle foyer -- jean this place seem familiar ... like I have be here before ... gaston approach the west wing stair . lefou bring he face down to the tea pot and teacup . lefout you must be the talk teacup . and you must be he grandmother . Mrs. pott ' eye open . furious . 87 . mrs . pott Grand -mother ? attack ! lefou jump back . all hell break loose as the furniture come alive . chair kick the shin of several villager . plumette feather villager ' face furiously , cause they to have sneezing fit . as other villager funnel in , the " lend -a - Hand " light outside the door bonk several of they on the head . they be alive after all . chapeau spin gaston around and be about to land a blow when gaston grab lefout and put he in the line of fire . lefou become a human punch bag as cadenza approach and rear up on he hind leg . his shadow fall across gaston , who dive out of the way -- leave lefou expose . lefout gaston ! cadenza come crash down on lefou , squashing he flat . gaston look down at he friend . lefout ( cont 'd ) ( weak , muffle ) gaston ... help ... gaston look from lefou to the enchant mirror , then to the grand staircase . gaston sorry , old friend . it 's hero time . gaston rush up the staircase . lefou pass out . 112 int . village of villeneuve - night 112 monsieur d' arque pace in the square , when he notice the door to the asylum wagon be ajar . he run to the wagon and fling open the door , only to find it empty . d' arque slam the door shut -- and there 's maurice , smile beside he . maurice hello . oh , I believe this be yours . maurice casually hand the wagon 's padlock to monsieur d' arque -- just as Belle ride past on philippe ! as she charge out of the village gate , she toss she ball gown to the ground . maurice wave to she proudly , then turn back to d' arque . maurice ( cont 'd ) she 's very headstrong . do you have child ? off d' arque 's confusion -- 113 omitted 113 88. 117 int . foyer - castle - night 117 lefou , bruise but alive , open he eye , sit up -- when plumette furiously begin feathering he face . plumette ( laugh ) no one to protect you now , eh ?! lefou swat -- and plumette fly away , laugh . 119 int . turret staircase - castle - night 119 gaston find himself at the landing of two staircase . unsure which one lead to the beast , he hold up the mirror , which illuminate the right way . gaston bound up they . 120 int . foyer - castle - night 120 chip rapidly fire saucer at attacker , count they off as he dispatch they with glee . chip one ! two ! Three ! four ! five ! above , cogsworth look down from the balcony , a tinhorn general surveying the battlefield . cogsworth good show , chip my boy ! just then , a platoon of book arrive on the large table from the library , battle -ready . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) excellent ! the infantry 's arrive . now go and teach they a lesson ! the book rocket down into the fray , thwack villager after villager . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) yes , that be call book , you third - rate musketeer ! this draw the attention of Tom , Dick and stanley . cogsworth shudder -- cogsworth ( cont 'd ) oh , I be off ! -- and jump down from the balustrade , as they bound up the stair . they face off against cogsworth , and he back up quickly . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) ah , terribly sorry , pardon I , I be just a clock ! 89 . suddenly , garderobe leap out , block the brute ' path , and unfurl she fabric , wrapping they up . garderobe yes , that 's it ... put it on ... pretty little boy ! Tom and Dick look at each other and shriek , horrify at they girly make-over . stanley , however , do not seem to mind he new look . garderobe cackle . garderobe ( cont 'd ) 121 go ! be free ! be free ! be free ! 121 122 ext . wood - night 122 Belle on philippe . she whip past the withere tree and down the path toward the castle grounds . 124 omitted 124 124a omitted 124a 124b omitted 124b 126 int . foyer - balcony - castle - night 126 from the balcony , Mrs. pott leap onto a chandelier -- mrs . pott how do you take you tea ?! pipe hot ?! or boil ?! -- and douse villager below with boil water . she look down -- see Jean the potter -- and gasp . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) mister pott ?! suddenly , Mrs. pott slip and drop down towards the floor . Jean the potter look on in confusion . chip look on in terror . chip mama ! but just as she 's about to shatter , she be catch by a pair of human hand . Mrs. pott gaze up at -- lefout , who seem as surprised as she do . mrs . pott oh ! thank you . suddenly , two villager charge at lefou from either side . lefou duck , the villager wallop one another , Mrs. pott spit hot water in they face , and lefou punch one out to finish the job . 90 . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) nicely handle ! lefout well I use to be on gaston 's side , but we be in a bad place right now . mrs . pott you be too good for he anyway ... lefou nod , emotional . mrs . pott ( cont 'd ) shall we get back to it , then ?! below , cadenza buck and rage against villager , besting they repeatedly as he play elaborate trill . cadenza such sweet music ! ha ha , I will play you like a concerto ! clothilde watch this , and seethes . clothilde ( point to cadenza ) silence that harpsichord ! clothilde 's cry rally a group of villager , who raise they axe to turn maestro cadenza into firewood . garderobe maestro ! cadenza look up to see she . cadenza darling ! at last ! garderobe ( shock become rage ) I be come , my love ! that 's it ! the fat lady be sing ! garderobe belt out a deafen high note and throw she massive girth off the balcony , send clothilde and the villager below scatter . she land with a graceful thud . cadenza bravissima ! before the villager can retaliate , cadenza 's " tooth " shoot out of he mouth like machine gun round . bam bam bam ! lumière run around with gunpowder trail , create a line of firecracker explosion that send villager scatter . 91 . lumière watch you toe ! in the chaos , we find agathe , move quietly through the villager and up the stair . what be she up to ? as villager pour out the door , lumière and cogsworth meet at the base of the stair . lumière ( cont 'd ) bon voyage ! safe trip home ! cogsworth and stay out ! 127 ext . castle ground - night 127 Belle ride philippe towards the castle . she kick he flank and they double they speed . 129 ext . highest turret - castle - night 129 gaston step slowly up onto the beast 's turret . the beast sense he presence , turn . they lock eye . gaston cock he pistol . gaston hello , beast . I be gaston . Belle send I . 130 int . turret staircase - castle - night 130 Belle race up the stair to the turret . 131 ext . highest turret - castle - night 131 with no hope leave , the beast turn away from gaston , whose finger tighten on the trigger . gaston be you in love with she ? do you honestly think she would want you ? he fire . the beast drop over the edge . on the turret below , he claw make contact with the slant rooftop and break he fall . he hug the rooftop , heaving . gaston look down over the edge of the turret . he pull he crossbow and reach back over he shoulder to draw a arrow from he quiver -- but there 's nothing there . gaston spin to see Belle , and he arrow grip in she hand . gaston ( cont 'd ) Belle ? 92 . belle where be he ?! with that , Belle snap gaston 's arrow over she knee , and toss they away . gaston grab she arm . gaston when we return to the village , you will marry I , and the beast 's head will hang on we wall ! belle never . she pull away -- and use this pivot to grab the barrel of gaston 's pistol . they struggle . with gaston on the back foot for a split second , Belle yank the pistol hard . gaston , not let go , swing with it , and seek balance on a loose stone , he drop off the side of the turret ! gaston 's reflex be quick . he let go of the pistol , grab a gargoyle and swinging himself down through a window of the turret . he land on the spiral staircase . gaston 's pistol , in the meantime , clatter down , come to rest on the landing of a stone footbridge below . 132 ext . castle - various turret - night 132 wound , the beast climb around the lower turret . all around he , turret quaver and crack . the castle be implode . gaston ( o.s. ) I be come for you , beast ! gaston continue down until he reach the bottom of the spiral staircase . he drop to a window box below , and jump sideways onto another . the beast make a second leap , onto another parapet . tile slide away beneath he as he scramble to hang on . Belle reach the landing at the bottom of the spiral staircase , and leap down onto another adjacent landing . she look out , try to see the beast through the turret . the beast swing around a third parapet and leap onto another . he 's now as far as he can get from gaston . finally , Belle reach a point where she can see the beast on the faraway turret . she scream out as he grip slip . belle no ! the beast 's head turn . 93. the beast Belle ? and he spot she . the beast ( cont 'd ) ( roar ) belle ! you come back ! belle I try to stop they ! the beast stay there ! I be come ! gaston drop onto the walkway line with gargoyle , landing directly between the beast and Belle . he sneer -- the upper hand be still he . his eye search for a weapon ... he grab a stone spire , and break it off . with superhuman agility , the beast make a giant leap from the far parapet back toward the central turret . back toward Belle . Belle descend the stair , finally reach the beast 's lair . the beast land on the gargoyle walk and gaston jump out , bring he club crack down on the beast 's back . the beast roar in pain . but he push past gaston . with gaston landing blow after blow on the beast 's back , the beast stagger down a set of stair onto the landing of a stone footbridge ( where gaston 's pistol come to rest earlier ) . belle stop ! gaston , no ! Belle watch the beast lumber across the footbridge -- which crumble under each mighty footfall . the beast reach the cupola on the far side , directly parallel to the lair . one giant leap stand between he and Belle ... gaston lift the club to deliver the death blow -- when the beast snatch it . he yank the club away and hurl it against a far wall . with a snarl , the beast 's paw be around gaston 's throat . he lift gaston and swing he out over the edge of the landing . gaston ( snivelling ) no . do not let I go . please . do not hurt I , beast . I will do anything . tight on the beast -- he feature twisted with rage and hate -- but he control himself -- and he anger fade . 94 . the beast I am not a beast . he set gaston down . the beast ( cont 'd ) go. get out . gaston scramble to he foot , and the beast lunge , chase he away down the outer staircase of the cupola . 133 ext . balcony - castle - night 133 Belle gaze proudly into the beast 's eye , across the final chasm that separate they . 134 ext . castle - cupola - night 134 the beast have just enough distance for a head start to leap across to the lair balcony . belle no ! it 's too far ! but the beast have already get down on all four . his hind claw dig into the stone . and then he 's off , gain speed as he run on all leg . Belle gasp -- and the beast leap . he 's airborne , fly over the chasm -- and he just make it to the balcony -- landing on all four ! he rise , and smile . boom ! the beast roar in agony . past he , across the chasm , Belle spot gaston on the crumble walkway , pistol back in hand . he grin as he reload for the kill shot -- and as Belle watch , helpless , he take aim again -- and fire . the beast drop -- just as the walkway beneath gaston collapse . in a instant , there 's nothing beneath he foot , and he disappear , scream , in a cascade of stone . Belle cradle the beast 's head . anguish . he lie there , breathe heavily . softly , the beast rest he paw on Belle 's hand . fading , he eye look at she with perfect love . the beast you come back . belle of course I come back . I will never leave you again . the beast I be afraid it 's my turn to leave . belle we be together now . it 's go to be fine . you will see . 95 . the beast at least I get to see you one last time . the paw drop as the beast die in she arm . belle no ... please , no ... 135 ext . terrace - castle - night 135 as villager stagger away in defeat , lumière turn to plumette , take she in he arm , about to give she a V - Day kiss . lumière we do it , plumette . Victory be ours . plumette be silent in lumière 's embrace . lumière ( cont 'd ) plumette ...? oh ! my dear plumette ... cogsworth help lumière lower plumette to the ground . opposite they , garderobe stand beside cadenza , reunite at last . garderobe oh , maestro ! you be so brave ! Goodbye , my love ... her arm retract -- as the footlight inside she dim and die . cadenza darling ! no , do not leave I ! cadenza sob . we move along the few key he have leave until they freeze into silence . we tilt up to the music stand . no hint of a face . froufrou emerge from the foyer , paw at he master and mistress , then go still . nothing more than a piano stool now . Mrs. pott frantically approach cogsworth and lumière . mrs . pott chip ! chip ! have you see chip !? he run off ! oh , where be my little boy -- lumière and cogsworth watch in horror as Mrs. pott ' face disappear into the paint ornamentation of the tea pot . chip mama ! lumière turn to cogsworth , panicked that chip might see what 's happen . cogsworth oh no . 96 . just as he leap up , he feature fade away and gravity take over . the saucer plummet , shatter . but chapeau catch chip in mid-air -- and lovingly place he , inanimate , onto the trolley cart beside Mrs. pott . chapeau straighten himself nobly , and become a coat rack . all around cogsworth and lumière , the staff go still . cogsworth ( cont 'd ) lumière ... I ... tick ... can not ... chime ... speak ... lumière it 's all right , cogsworth . cogsworth I ... can not ... tick ... lumière , my friend ... tock ... it be a honor to serve with you . the only sound cogsworth make be `tick tock , tick tock . ' lumière be alone . surrounded by object . lumière the honor be mine . lumière do a final twirl and stiffen . he be a candlestick . 136 int . beast' lair - west wing - castle - night 136 angle on the bell jar . the final rise petal drop -- just as a hooded figure appear . we move up to reveal : agathe . belle ( to the beast ) please , do not leave I . come back . tight on belle -- she lip touch the beast 's forehead in a kiss . belle ( cont 'd ) I love you . hear this word , agathe smile benevolently and place she hand on the bell jar -- which explode and release a wave of rise petal , whirling into the air . a golden light begin to emanate from agathe . it encircle the beast and he too begin to rise . Belle get to she foot , watch as the beast be lift and envelop by the swirl aurora , and then buffete gently back down to reveal -- the prince he land on he foot and look down at he hand , he arm , he chest . he turn -- and see Belle . 97 . prince Belle ... slowly he step toward she , and she to he . in silent disbelief , Belle run she finger through he hair . she look into the Prince 's blue eye . it be he . tear of grief turn to tear of joy as they lean in for they first kiss . 137 ext . castle - dawn 137 Magic explode outward . and with it , the dawn break . the castle transform like someone be give it a wash of gold . the magic spread across the balcony as the sun rise on the terrace , travel down the castle facade -- creepy stone gargoyle turn into noble statuary -- 138 ext . terrace - castle - dawn 138 as the light pass over , a upside - down froufrou transform back into a tiny bichon frise bask in the sun . he leap up and chase he tail ( still a tassle ) , then trot over to chapeau and relieve himself on he leg -- which change into a human foot . chapeau transform back into a valet and shoos the dog away with he walk stick . as the dog weave through he leg , the valet lose he balance and bump into the trolley cart hold Mrs. pott and chip . it start to roll toward the stair . the valet back into garderobe , who waddle in and out of sunlight , change from wardrobe to human to wardrobe again . cadenza 's face come alive as he see the wardrobe fall onto he . as it crash , the wardrobe 's door fly open , send out a flurry of garment . we follow they back to the ground , where the human diva now lie on top of the human maestro . maestro oh , Madame . diva oh , maestro . the maestro smile he now - toothless grin . she tearfully embrace he -- as they dog join in . the trolley roll past , take we to cogsworth , whose back be bath in sunlight . we move around to reveal the pudgy majordomo , human except for he moustache , which still resemble the hand of a clock . he peer through he monocle , see -- the french footman ( formerly lumière ) come into view . 98 . cogsworth lumière ! lumière cogsworth , we beat the clock ! cogsworth mon ami . they greet each other as a feather float by , brush the footman 's nose . they look over to see -- a pile of feather ... from which the footman pull the sexiest french maid in history , she feather blossoming into a dress around she . lumière plumette ... mon amour ... and then , the great kiss ever . they passion ignites a tiny flame on the footman 's head , which the may pat out . they turn as they hear -- the trolley squeaking as it near the step , about to crash down . Mrs. pott and chip rattle on a tray , which suddenly jerk to a stop on the precipice . the valet have hook the cart with he walk stick , but ... Mrs. pott and chip slide down the incline ... shoot off the tray ... and start to transform in mid - AIR ! they sled to the bottom of the step and skid to a halt , fully human again . chip hug he mother ... he finally get she to skate ! mrs . pott oh , chip ! what do I tell you ? look at you -- you be a little boy again ! oh you smell so good ! from the castle grounds , astonished villager approach , blink , as the veil be lift from they memory . jean darling !? mrs . pott Mr. pott ! jean beatrice ! chip ! I remember ! I do ! they embrace -- a family reunite . 139 omitted 139 99 . 140 ext . terrace - castle - dawn 140 a wonderful emotion - fill reunion . stable boy , kitchen maids , artisan , groundskeepers , guard , and seamstress be reunite in human form . among the happy villager , we find cogsworth . clothilde ( o.s. ) Henry ? he spin to see clothilde - he wife . gulp . cogsworth oh. dear ! she hug he . clothilde I have be so lonely . he shut he eye tight and whisper to himself : cogsworth turn back into a clock ... turn back into a clock ... lumière and plumette embrace , then ... plumette lumière , look ! lumière oh , my Prince ! belle and the prince emerge . he rush to lumiere . the prince hello , old friend . lumiere be take aback by the warm embrace of he master . lumière it 's so good to see you ! Belle and the Prince be surround by the staff . plumette curtsy to Belle -- plumette you save we life , mademoiselle . -- as chip run up and hug she tight . chip Belle , it 's I ! it 's chip ! " beauty and the beast " start to play . 100 . 141 omitted 141 142 int . ballroom - castle - day 142 the entire village celebrate as cadenza -- smile with denture -- play the harpsichord with he beautiful wife garderobe sing . garderobe Tale as old as time tune as old as song bittersweet and strange find you can change learn you be wrong we glide past various familiar face : lefou ; lumière waltzing with plumette ; cogsworth with clothilde ; chip and he father , Jean the Potter ... and finally Mrs. pott . she beam as she watch Belle dance with the Prince , then cross to acknowledge maurice , who sit at a easel , sketching the celebration . mrs . pott Winter turn to spring famine turn to feast nature point the way nothing leave to say beauty and the Beast Belle run she hand down the Prince 's smooth cheek . belle how would you feel about grow a beard ? he growl playfully . as they laugh , we pull out to reveal the ballroom in all its restore splendor . all ( v.o. ) certain as the sun rising in the East Tale as old as time song as old as rhyme beauty and the Beast CUT to : black . 143 omitted . 143