La Belle et la bête ( beauty and the Beast ) La Belle et la bête ( beauty and the Beast ) open title : Children believe what we tell they . they have complete faith in we . they believe that a rise pluck from a garden can bring drama to a family . they believe that the hand of a human beast will smoke when he kill a victim , and that this beast will be shame when confront by a young girl . they believe in a thousand other simple thing . I ask of you a little of this childlike simplicity , and to bring we luck let I speak four truly magic word , childhood 's open sesame : " once upon a time ... " beauty life in the country with she father , a 17th - century merchant who have lose all he money ; she brother , ludovic , whose only interest be drink and gambling ; and she two sister , felicie and adelaide , who be motivate entirely by spite , selfishness and vanity . her brother 's constant companion , avenant , be a frequent visitor to the house . ludovic and avenant be shoot arrow at a target fix onto the wall of the house . felicie and adelaide be inside . felicie ( angrily ) oh , that wretch girl ! adelaide you know she can not do anything right . ludovic ( take aim and shoot ) a bad one . he step aside . avenant aim . ludovic you foot . avenant what about my foot ? ludovic you be cheating , it 's not on the mark . avenant shoot . the arrow fly straight through the upper window of the house and impale itself in the floor next to a silk cushion . a little dog leap up from the cushion , bark furiously . beauty be attend to she sister who , in sharp , contrast to she simple attire , be dress in rich silk and feather . felicie what 's go on ? adelaide they have just shot a arrow into the room ! felicie oh ! adelaide ( go to the window and shouting ) you hooligan ! you could have hit one of we in the eye ! ludovic and avenant rush up to the house . avenant be beauty all right ? adelaide ( shouting out of the window ) beauty ! always beauty ! who care about beauty ? you nearly kill cabriole ! ludovic and avenant go into the house and wait at the foot of the stair . ludovic ( ironically ) here they come . felicie and adelaide hurry down . felicie ( shouting ) beauty , you can wash the floor . we will be late for the duchess . adelaide ( to the two man ) murderer ! ludovic ( to avenant ) my sister be such bitch . felicie ( to adelaide ) drink , chase woman and cheating at card , that 's all they ever think about . they could not give a damn about anything else . ludovic ( to avenant ) when one be poor , one stay at home to do the laundry and polish the pot and pan . just look at this two slut -- they think they be princess . they do not even realize that they be the laugh stock of society . adelaide ( to felicie ) say something ! felicie he would be only too pleased . they flounce out of the house . ludovic oh , such beauty ! so ravish ! adelaide ( to felicie ) come on , we will be late for the concert . ludovic ( follow they out of the house ) enchantress ! goddess ! shine light ! felicie ( shouting ) hey there ! boy ! boy ! ludovic ( imitate she ) boy ! boy ! felicie and adelaide walk across the yard toward a servant who be doze in a sedan chair . adelaide oh ! the boy leap out of the chair . felicie sit down . felicie ( angrily ) this be unbelievable ! adelaide walk over to another servant who be lolling against a pile of straw . adelaide I suppose you think we pay you to sleep ! she walk over to a second sedan chair . adelaide ( angrily ) I have never see anything like it ! she open the door to the chair . Three or four hen cackle and flap , they wing as she shoos they out of the chair . adelaide oh , the chair . ( she sit down . ) look at they , they be filthy ! boy ! boy ! two more servant boy come run out of the stable . one of the boy ( yawn ) come on , let 's go . felicie stop dawdle , wake up now ... you have be drink ! the four boy pick up the two sedan chair and stumble they way across the yard . they pass in front of ludovic , who be lean against the wall , watch in amusement . adelaide ( to Felice ) just look at this drunkard . he do not even know he proper role in society . felicie a barefoot guttersnipe ! the boy carry she sedan chair kick open the gate , jolting the chair as he maneuver it through . felicie yes , they be drunk , drunk ! adelaide come along , come along now ! oh , boy , careful ! ludovic come up behind they and watch they leave . ludovic May the devil splash you with mud and cover you in dung ! back at the house , beauty be polish the floor in she sister ' room . avenant come up to she and pluck the arrow from the floor . avenant ( kneel down beside she ) beauty , you be not make to be a servant . ( he point to the shine floor board . ) even the floor would like to mirror you . ( he pull she to she foot . ) you can not go on work from morning to night for you sister . beauty if we father 's ship have not get lose in the storm , then perhaps I would be able to enjoy myself as they do . but we be ruin , avenant , so I must work . avenant I wonder why you sister never do any work . beauty my sister be too beautiful , they hand be too white . avenant beauty , you be the most beautiful of they all . ( he take she hand . ) look at you hand . beauty ( try to free herself ) let go of my hand , avenant . leave , so that I can finish my work . avenant I love you . marry I . beauty no , avenant , do not talk to I of marriage ; it 's useless . avenant well then ? beauty I must stay single and live with my father . she turn away and walk toward the door . avenant run after she and take hold of she . avenant beauty , I shall snatch you away from this senseless existence ! beauty ( struggle ) leave I alone ! avenant I displease you . beauty no , you do not , avenant . ludovic ( burst into the room ) take you hand off she , or I will smash you face in ! beauty it 's all right , ludovic . avenant be ask I to marry he . ludovic and what be you reply ? avenant you sister have reject I . ludovic well do , beauty . I know I be a scoundrel and even proud of it , but I will not have you marry one . ( he walk over to avenant . ) and you can take that as final . go on , you louse , get out of here ! avenant strike he . ludovic stagger and fall over . beauty ( run over to he ) avenant ! you be crazy ! ludovic ! ludovic ! downstair , the merchant enter the house , ushere three man in before he . the merchant come in , gentleman , come in . I want you to feel part of the family when I announce the great news . ( he show they to a table . ) gentlemen . they all sit down . beauty ( from the top of the stair ) it 's my father ! ( she turn to the other . ) he must know nothing of this ! the merchant ( bring refreshment to the table ) my daughter be out enjoy the flattery of society life . I sha not wait for they . I just can not hold my tongue any longer . beauty , ludovic and avenant come down the stair into the room . the merchant come here next to I , beauty . come closer , ludovic . you too , avenant , you be most welcome . this gentleman be willing to forgive you for all you prank . and the Public prosecutor have very generously decide to drop the charge he be go to bring against I . we be go to be rich ! one of my ship have come into port ! ludovic ( angrily ) avenant must have know ! avenant ( protest ) ludovic ! ludovic he know ! and he take advantage of it to ask beauty to marry he ! beauty that be not the first time he 's ask I to marry he since we lose all we money . the merchant ( to beauty ) so you want to leave I . beauty no , father , I will never leave you . felicie and adelaide burst into the room . felicie we be tell that the duchess be not receive , though the court ring with laughter and music . ( angrily ) let I congratulate you , father , we be gather the fruit of you foolish deed . adelaide yes , you can feel proud of yourself . felicie and here you be entertaining people with drink , while you daughter be insulted and door be slam in they face ! the merchant Children ! Children ! ludovic the duchess would appear to be a most admirable woman . adelaide I nearly die of shame ! felicie come on , adelaide , let they drink to we misfortune . they flounce out of the room . beauty oh father , father . the merchant they be real little devil , be n’t they ? let they sulk ; I will soon console they . tomorrow morning I will go to the port to see to my business . then one can marry a duke and the other a prince ! ( he raise he glass in a toast . ) gentlemen ! the follow morning . the merchant be on he way out of the house . felicie bring we back brocade dress . adelaide and jewel , fan and ostrich feather . felicie I want the whole town to burst with envy ! a monkey ! I would like a monkey ! adelaide a parrot ! the merchant laugh and mount he horse . the merchant ( turn to beauty : ) what about you ? beauty , what shall I bring you ? beauty Father , bring I a rise , for they do not grow here . adelaide and felicie burst out laugh . later . ludovic and avenant be seat at the table drink . they be wait for the usurer . ludovic if I do not pay off my debt tonight I shall be arrest and throw in jail . avenant the moneylender be very understanding . I explain the whole situation to he . look confident , here he come . the usurer ( enter the house ) you be ask for a very large sum , you know , very large ... avenant you do know that one of the lose ship have come into port , do not you ? ludovic I will pay you back as soon as my father return . the usurer you know the law , do not you ? if you be insolvent , I can claim the sum of money from you father and if he 's insolvent I can seize he furniture . avenant ( to ludovic ) sign , you be not risk anything , be you ? the usurer give he a document . ludovic sign . in town . a lawyer 's office . the lawyer but my dear Sir , what can I do ? the merchant ( in despair ) as there 's nothing leave from this last ship , what 's to become of I ? the lawyer you creditor at the port move faster than the one in town . Sue they . the merchant Sue they ! I have not even get enough to pay for a room tonight . the lawyer well , go home then . the merchant but I will have to go through the forest in the middle of the night . I will get lose . the lawyer you come through it at night on you way here , do not you ? the merchant yes , but there be a full moon then , and it 's get foggy now . I know I will get lose . the lawyer ( lose he patience ) well then , get lose . the lawyer show he out . the merchant I do not understand you ; I be sure you would feel the same if you be in my shoe . it 's very frightening . the lawyer good night ! the merchant fetch he horse , mount and start off . the lawyer good luck ! the merchant ride deeper into the forest . it grow dark and a storm break . after a while he realize that he have lose he way . he dismount and lead he horse along the narrow forest path , peer anxiously through the thicken mist . during a flash of lightning through the leave he suddenly see a magnificent castle . with a puzzle look on he face he walk slowly through the tree across a courtyard toward the castle gate . as he make he way , the branch silently close in behind he . when he reach the gate , they open before he . surprise , he let go of the horse 's rein . the horse walk in ahead of he . the merchant follow , but the gate close in front of he . he run back across the courtyard and look up at the castle . the castle . the merchant be there anyone there ? in front of he be a wide stone staircase lead to a door in the castle wall . the merchant ( run up the stair ) be there anyone there ? he go through the door and be confront by a row of human arm hold candelabra , show he the way down a corridor to a large hall . he stop and stare in disbelief . two of the human arm release the candelabra , which remain magically suspend , point toward the hall . awed , the merchant back into the room toward a huge fireplace . a clock on the mantlepiece strike eleven . he turn around and look from the fire to a dining table , which be sumptuously set with food and drink . the merchant be there anyone there ? he put he hat on the table , sit down and remove he glove . a marble bust , which support one end of the vast mantlepiece , slowly turn its head toward he . at the other side of the fireplace , its counterpart , breathe smoke through its nostril , also move its head around to look at he . the merchant reach for a silver goblet . a hand appear from the candelabra in the middle of the table . the merchant start back . the hand take hold of a wine decanter , fill the goblet , and return to the candelabra . the merchant lift up the edge of the tablecloth and peer underneath it . he stare at the candelabra on the table , stand up and turn to look once more at the row of candelabra lead out of the room . he sit down again , pick up the goblet , sniff at it suspiciously , and drink . he fall into a deep sleep . the marble bust turn they head again . the merchant slowly wake up . his hand be rest on the wooden arm of he chair , which be carve in the image of a lion 's head . the lion 's head come to life under he hand and roar . the merchant leap to he foot and grab he glove . the marble bust breathes smoke . the candelabra on the dining table extinguish itself . the merchant take a last look around the room , walk hurriedly down the corridor past the row of candelabra and leave the castle . the door shut silently behind he . he walk slowly down the stair and along a balustrade decorate with stone statue of fierce - look dog . he stop and look around he . the merchant hey there ! echo ' hey there ! ' the merchant ( walk along the balustrade ) hey there ! echo ' hey there ! ' the merchant ( come to the end of the balustrade ) hey there ! echo ' hey there ! ' he go down some step and find himself in a beautiful rise garden . he look around nervously and walk over toward the flower . suddenly he stumble over the body of a dead deer . the merchant ( start back with a look of horror ) hey there ! he look down and see a perfect rise , which change color as he watch . just as the merchant pluck the rise , the Beast appear through a curtain of leave . the beast hey there ! the Beast walk over to the merchant . he have the appearance of a werewolf , with long fang and grotesque feature . his huge gnarled hand end in claw and , like the rest of he , be cover in thick matte fur . he be wear a long jewele cloak over a doublet with slashed sleeve and a broad lace collar , a pair of velvet breech and high leather boot . as he speak , the wind blow and the leave and branch rustle . the beast so , my dear Sir , you steal my rose . my rose which be the most precious thing in the whole world to I . you be most unfortunate since you could have take anything but my rose . the penalty for such a simple theft be death . the merchant ( fling himself to he knee ) my Lord , I do not know . I do not think I would offend anyone by pluck a rise for my daughter . she ask for one . the beast one do not call I " my Lord " ; one call I " Beast . " I do not like compliment . no , do not try to understand . you have fifteen minute in which to prepare yourself for you death . the merchant my Lord ! the beast ( angrily ) again ! the Beast order you to be silent . you steal my rise and you shall die . unless ... unless one of you daughter .... how many do you have ? the merchant Three . the beast unless one of you daughter agree to pay the penalty and take you place . the merchant but ... the beast ( angrily ) do not argue ! go ! take advantage of the one chance I have give you . and if you daughter refuse to die instead of you , swear that you will return in three day 's time . swear ! the merchant I swear . but I do not know my way through the forest ... the beast you will find a white horse in my stable . his name be ' magnificent one . ' just whisper in he ear , " go where I be go , magnificent one , go , go . " he will take you home and lead you back to the castle if you daughter be too cowardly to mount he . now leave . the Beast back away into the curtain of leave and disappear . the merchant run off toward the stable . a beautiful white stallion await he there . he mount he and set off . as the white ; horse carry the merchant through the forest , the Beast watch he through the leave . the branch close in silently behind the merchant as he make he way home . later . the merchant be at home , surround by he family . the merchant I can not tell you anything about my journey home . the magnificent one be in the stable . that 's the end of my story . beauty , take this rise , I be pay a high price for it . felicie that 's what happen when a idiotic girl ask for rose . this be the result of that silly creature 's vanity . adelaide and she pretend to be modest , and set we a example . she 's not even cry . beauty you will not die , father . it 's my fault ; it 's only right that I go in you place . avenant be you mad ? we will go with ludovic and we will kill this horrible beast . the merchant the Beast be so powerful that we have no hope of overcome he . do not worry beauty , I be grow old . I promise , so I shall go . felicie you must not go , father , you may yet win you case . adelaide how will we live ? the merchant you can sell the furniture . ludovic why do not you go , felicie ? you be too tough for anyone to eat ! felicie it 's a great pity that the Beast be not demand boy . he would devour you and die of poison ! the merchant Children , keep calm ... beauty Father , I would rather be devoure by the monster than die of the heartbreak of lose you . avenant you will not go to the monster . felicie ( angrily ) what 's it get to do with you ? avenant it 's none of you business ! felicie be you in love with that stupid girl ? what a couple ! ludovic avenant , hit she . the merchant keep calm , please ... avenant go on , repeat what you just say ! felicie a stupid girl and a stupid boy ! avenant hit she . felicie he hit I ! ludovic ( angrily ) you dare to strike my sister ! avenant ( to ludovic ) there 's more where that one come from ... adelaide you villain ! the merchant ( in a falter voice ) Children ... child ... beauty he 's unwell . avenant let 's carry he to he room . avenant and ludovic help he out . felicie ( angrily ) he hit I , adelaide . adelaide and we be penniless . felicie we must not give up . adelaide the Beast will gobble they all up , and we will marry prince . meanwhile , beauty come out of the side of the house , wear a long dark cloak . make sure that no one see she , she go to the stable and mount the white horse . beauty go where I be go , magnificent one , go , go ! the horse trot out of the stable . the farm gate open before he . he carry beauty through the forest to the castle . she dismount and lead he through the foliage , which close in behind she . as though in a dream she enter the castle and float past the row of candelabra , through the large hall with the fireplace , and up a flight of stair . she go through a door which lead to a long gallery with billow white curtain . seemingly carry along by some magical force , she come to a door flanke on each side by human arm carry candelabra . the arm move toward the door , casting they light onto she . voice ( whisper as the door open ) beauty , I be the door to you room . beauty enter the room hesitantly . the door close silently behind she . she look round the room which be spacious , elegantly furnish , and full of flower and plant . a marble bust on one of the wall move its head around toward she . beauty rush over to the open window as though seek she freedom . realizing the futility of she action , she sit down at a dress table and , in despair , put she head in she hand . voice from the dressing table mirror ( whisperingly ) beauty , I be you mirror ; reflect in I ; I will reflect for you . beauty put she hand out toward the mirror and gaze into it . the glass be black . then she see she father lie on he sickbe . the mirror turn black again . she stand up and look round the room . on the large bed , a luxurious fur cover be pull back by invisible hand . beauty run out of the room , along the corridor , out of the castle , down the stone staircase into the courtyard . across the courtyard the door open and the Beast make he appearance . beauty let out a cry of fear and horror . the beast where be you go ? she fall to the ground in a faint . the Beast walk over to she , gather she gently in he arm and carry she carefully up the stone staircase with a look of anguish mingle with tenderness . he take she back into the castle , past the row of candelabra , up the stair into she room . as he cross the threshold of the room , beauty 's clothes be transformed . she be dress like a princess in a richly embroider silk dress with sparkling jewel . the Beast put she down gently onto the bed and stare at she intently . she awaken , open she eye , and turn she head toward the Beast . as she see he she let out a cry . he back away across the room . the beast beauty , you must not look I in the eye . do not fear , you will never see I , except every evening at seven , when you dine . I shall come to the great hall . ( he back out of the room . ) you must not look I in the eye . the door close silently behind he . in the great hall the clock strike seven . on each side of the blaze fire the marble bust turn they head . beauty be sit at the table , wear a dark jewele dress , with match jewel round she neck and wound into she hair . the hand from the candelabra on the table pick up the silver wine decanter to serve she . she lean back in she chair with a sigh of despair and close she eye . the door open behind she and the Beast cross the room . he stand behind she , lean on the back of the chair . the beast do not be afraid . beauty ( summoning up all she courage ) I ... I will not be afraid . the beast beauty , do you mind if I watch you while you dine ? beauty you be the master . beast no , I be not . ( he pause for a moment . ) there be no master here but you . ( he move around to the side of the chair . ) I revolt you ; you must find I very ugly . beauty I can not lie , Beast . the beast be everything here to you like ? beauty I feel uneasy dress in such finery , nor be I use to be wait upon . but I know you be do you utmost to help I forget you ugliness . the beast ( walk over to the fireplace ) my heart be kind , but I be a monster . beauty many man be more monstrous than you , but they hide it well . the beast besides my ugliness , I be lack in wit . beauty you have wit enough to realize it . the beast everything in this castle be yours . you every whim will be fulfil . the beast ( walk back to the dining table ) I shall appear every evening at seven . before leave I shall ask you a question ; it will always be the same one . beauty what be you question ? the beast beauty , will you be my wife ? beauty no , Beast . the beast farewell then , beauty . until tomorrow . he leave the room . later . beauty walk fearfully across the hall . she be wear a long white silk gown . she hear a sound like the roar of wild beast follow by the scream of a animal in pain . she walk along the gallery , keep close to the wall as though look for protection . the white curtain billow in the breeze . she stop by a marble bust , aware of some presence . the Beast appear and walk past with a look of hideous despair . he do not see she hide behind the statue . he stare at he huge grotesque hand , the sharp claw , and bury he head in he arm . beauty watch he in horror . he turn , go to the door of she room , lean against it for a moment with the same look of anguish . he enter the room , search desperately for she . he sit down at the dress table , pick up the mirror and stare into it . the beast where be beauty ? ( shouting ) where be beauty ? smoke billow out of the mirror . he gaze into it and see she edging she way slowly along the gallery to the door , listen carefully for any sound from within . the Beast put down the mirror , stand up and look at the door . beauty enter the room . beauty ( angrily ) what be you do in my room ? the beast ( meekly ) I want to ... I be ... I come to you room to bring you a gift . he hold out he hand . a pearl necklace magically appear in the palm of he hand . beauty ( shouting ) leave ! she run out of the room . disconsolately , the Beast put the necklace down on the dress table . beauty ( in a softer voice ) leave . the Beast walk slowly out of the room . beauty walk across the room to the dress table and pick up the pearl necklace . she look at it pensively . later . beauty be walk through the castle grounds . she come to a door . she push it open and look through onto a pool of water surround by plant and tree . the Beast be on he knee by the edge of the pool , lap up the water like a animal . beauty close the door and back away with a concerned look on she face . she continue she walk through the grounds . she be wear the pearl necklace that the Beast leave in she room . the Beast appear among the stone statue of dog . the beast I think you be dining , beauty . beauty I be not hungry , Beast . I would prefer to walk with you . the beast ( in a gentle voice ) beauty , you be do I a great honor ... they walk side by side along the stone balustrade . the beast ... a very great honor . beauty you voice seem gentler . they stop . the beast beauty , I hope you do not find the day too tedious . beauty ( walk on ) I do find the day long . and this evening I admit I be almost look forward to seven o'clock . the beast you be so kind that I can hardly bring myself to ask you the question which torment I so . beauty ask , I shall always give the same reply . let 's be friend , Beast , do not ask any more of I . they walk on through the grounds . beauty tell I , Beast , how do you pass the day ? a deer leap through the bush . the Beast stare at it greedily as it run away into the wood . beauty do you hear I , Beast ? I be talk to you . the beast ( in a troubled voice ) for ... forgive I . beauty ( put she hand on the Beast 's arm ) Beast ! what be it ? the Beast put he head in he hand and turn away in shame . the beast forgive I , please forgive I , it 's nothing . beauty hesitantly put out she hand . he take it , and lead she down the stone staircase . they come to a fountain . the Beast put he head in he hand again . beauty what 's the matter , Beast ? the beast I be thirsty , beauty . beauty go to the fountain and fill she hand with water . beauty ( hold out she hand ) drink from my hand . the Beast lap the water from she hand and stare at she intently . the beast do not it revolt you to give I drink ? beauty ( look he straight in the eye ) no , Beast , it give I pleasure . I would never wish to cause you any pain . the beast and yet you dream be to be far away from I . beauty be in the great hall , walk up and down in front of the fire . she be wear a dark velvet dress . the marble bust at each end of the mantlepiece turn they head to watch she . the clock strike half past seven . beauty look up at the clock and see the Beast 's reflection in the mirror above it . she turn round as he walk across the room . beauty how late you be ! the beast thank you , beauty , for notice . beauty yes , I be await you with great impatience , Beast . she throw herself to she knee and grab he cloak . beauty I must talk to you ! the beast ( shocked ) beauty ! beauty ! beauty ( still on she knee , plead ) I can not live another day without see my father again . please let I go , I beg you ! the beast stand up , beauty , stand up . he pull she to she foot and lead she to a chair . he sit down beside she . the beast I should be on my knee take order from you . beauty ( almost in tear ) let I go . I promise to return . the beast and when you return , will you be my wife ? beauty ( in despair ) you be torture I . the beast I know I be repulsive . but I would die of heartbreak if I let you go and you take advantage of you freedom never to return . beauty I would come back in a week 's time . I respect you too much to cause you death . the Beast lower he head . beauty stroke it . the beast ( look up at she ) you coax I as though I be a animal . beauty ( gently ) but you be a animal . the beast you request be a very serious matter . I must think about it . ( he stand up . ) beauty , will you come into the garden with I ? he take she hand and lead she out of the castle . the beast beauty , have someone already ask for you hand in marriage ? beauty yes , Beast . the beast ah ! ... and ... who ask for you hand ? a young man ? beauty yes , Beast . the beast be he handsome ? beauty yes , Beast . the beast why do you not marry he ? beauty I do not want to leave my father . the beast and what be this handsome young man 's name , beauty ? beauty avenant . the Beast look at she , turn away as though in pain and suddenly run away through the tree . beauty ( shouting ) Beast ! what 's the matter ? ... Beast ! Beast ! what be it ? ... Beast ! later . beauty be lie in bed . suddenly she hear a noise outside the door . she run to the door which open before she . the Beast be stand in the shadow . beauty what be you do at my door at such a late hour ? the Beast move into the light . beauty my God ! you be cover in blood ! she start back in horror . the beast forgive I ... beauty for what ? the beast ( almost grovel ) for be a beast , forgive I . beauty ( firmly ) it do not become you to talk in that way . be not you ashamed of yourself ? go and clean yourself and go to sleep . she stand there look at he in all she innocence and purity . the Beast be overcome with shame and self-disgust . the beast ( in despair ) Close the door ! Close the door ! ( she do not move . ) Quick ... quick , close the door . you look be burn I , I can not bear it . he back away . the door close gently behind he . beauty walk slowly toward the bed with a troubled look on she face . later . at the merchant 's house . the bailiff be remove the furniture on instruction from the usurer . avenant and ludovic be sit at the table , watch . avenant they be take every single thing . ludovic I do not suppose they will even leave the table . avenant let 's play card . he pick up a pack of card . the usurer walk over to they with a disapprove look . the usurer ( to ludovic ) go up to you father . he do not understand what 's go on , which be only natural . I can not very well explain the situation to he . ludovic look doubtfully at avenant . avenant ( resign ) go on . later . upstair the merchant be lie ill in bed . ludovic stand beside he , look sorry for himself . the merchant ( in a weak voice ) ludovic ... ludovic ... be it true ? ludovic I be afraid it be . the merchant ludovic , how could you have do such a thing ? the usurer hurry into the room . avenant ( follow he ) Sir , he 's a very sick man , you must leave the bed . the usurer yes , yes , we will not take the bed . they go downstairs into the hall . adelaide and felicie run down the stair and hurry out of the house . ludovic I bet they have see to it that no one touch they thing ! the usurer no , no , they too owe I money . the bailiff ( come through the door with more furniture ) come on , it 's all get to go ! the usurer leave the house . avenant and ludovic sit down at the table in the otherwise bare room . ludovic bring out a purse and pour money on to the table with a smile . avenant pick up the pack of card and deal . ludovic look at he hand . ludovic ( pile up he stake ) a pair ! avenant ( throw down a card ) Ace ! ludovic oh , I nearly have you . avenant ( laugh ) that 's not good enough ! ludovic ( pick up the card and shuffle they ) my deal . the usurer burst into the house . the usurer ( angrily ) you cheat ! give I my money ! he try to pick up the money from the table . ludovic strike he and knock he out . ludovic what shall we do ? avenant throw he out . the street be empty at this time of night . ludovic what time be it ? wait a minute . he lean down and take the watch and chain off the usurer 's frock coat . he look at it . ludovic ( grin ) ten o'clock . he put the watch inside he jacket . at the castle . beauty be lie on the bed . the Beast walk over to the foot of the bed . the beast beauty , be you ill ? beauty yes , Beast . I be . the beast what ail you ? beauty I know my father 's die . the beast I can not bear to see you waste away . beauty send I home to my father . the beast if I agree , will you promise to return in a week 's time , to the very day ? beauty ( smile at he ) I promise . the beast ( go to the edge of the bed and put out he hand ) come with I , beauty . he help she down from the bed and lead she through the french window out onto the balcony . the beast look over there , beauty . he point to a ornately decorate small pavilion . the beast you see that pavilion ? it 's call the pavilion of diana . it 's the only part of my domain where no one may enter . not even you or i. everything I possess , I possess by magic power . but my true rich lie lock in that pavilion . a golden key open the door . here it be ... ( he show she the key . ) beauty , I could not give you great proof of my faith in you . if you do not return I shall die . after my death , you risk nothing more and all my rich will be yours . take this key , beauty . ( he hand it to she . ) I have faith in you . the key will be you pledge to return . beauty ( look at he with a expression of joy ) you agree to send I home to my father ? the beast you will be there this very morning . my night here be not the same as yours . it be night in my world , but it be morning in yours . ( he lead she hack into the room . ) beauty , a rise that have already play its part , my mirror , my golden key , my horse and my glove be the five secret of my power ... I surrender they to you . ( he remove he glove and give it to she . ) just put the glove on you right hand , it will carry you wherever you wish . he walk slowly to the door , turn round and look at she intently . the beast remember you promise . ( the door open ; he leave the room . ) farewell , beauty . the door close silently behind he . beauty pace up and down the room , stare at the glove . she put it onto she right hand . in a flash she be transport to she father 's bedroom . the merchant be sleep . beauty throw the glove onto the bed and sit down . gently , she put she hand out toward he . he wake up . the merchant I must be dream ! beauty no , father , you be not dream . it be I , beauty , talk to you . the merchant I think you be dead , and it be kill I . but you manage to escape ? beauty no , father , the Beast set I free to visit you . the merchant so the monster have a heart . beauty he suffer greatly , father . one half of he be in constant struggle with the other . I think he be more cruel to himself than he be to other . the merchant but beauty , I have see he , he 's so hideous . beauty yes , at first he 's very frightening , father . yet now , he sometimes make I want to burst out laugh . rut then I see he eye , and they be so sad that I turn away so as not to weep . the merchant beauty , my little beauty , do not tell I that you be willing to live with this monster ! beauty I must father . certain power obey he , but other control he . if I escape I would be commit a crime against he and against you . the merchant do he threaten you ? beauty he only come to I when he cruelty need not be fear . sometimes he bear be regal , but sometimes he almost limp , as though he be the victim of some terrible affliction . the merchant how can you feel sorry for he ? beauty I can bear he presence because I would be happy if I could make he forget he ugliness . the merchant beauty ... beauty , you be pay a high price for be so good . beauty but father , the monster be good . a tear fall from she eye onto she hand . it be magically transformed into a diamond . the merchant good God ! a diamond ! he pick it up , look at she , and put he hand to she cheek where another tear glisten . the merchant another one ! beauty it be proof that he be protect , for I wept think of he . the merchant maybe the devil send this diamond ! beauty Rest assure , father , keep they . they be a gift from he . now you will be able to support yourself . but if you tell my sister of this miracle , they will take they from you and you will have nothing . later . outside in the yard , felicie and adelaide be hang up the wash . they be dress in peasant clothes . ludovic be feed the chicken . felicie I would rather lie on the sheet than have to hang they up . my hand be in the most dreadful state ! ludovic ( ironically ) how appall . adelaide look at mine ! a kitchen may ! that 's what I have be reduce to ! ludovic well , my lovely princess , when one be penniless , one have to work ! felicie you fool ! adelaide ( to ludovic ) yes , you can talk , you good - for-nothing . if we have not lose all the furniture , we would still have a may . avenant be chopping wood across the yard . avenant ( join they ) it 's all my fault . and you may have notice that I be pay for it now . adelaide yes , when you be not drink or gambling . avenant oh , you be so charming . ( he pause . ) how be you father this morning ? ludovic as if they care ! I be the only one that look after he . he 's still very weak . he can not get up . suddenly they hear the merchant shouting in a strong voice . the merchant felicie ! adelaide ! ludovic ! felicie climb up onto a stool and peer out over the line of wash . felicie well , I never ! a lady from the court , walk with my father ! adelaide and here we be dress in rag ! avenant it 's beauty ! ludovic beauty ! it can not be ! adelaide it be ! the merchant and beauty walk across the yard . beauty look like a princess . she be wear a long white silk dress with full sleeve and a low - cut neckline . her hair flow down she back in elaborate curl , and on she head she wear a jewele coronet from which float a translucent pearl-studded train . her only piece of jewelry be a magnificent pearl necklace with a diamond clasp . the two sister stare at she in disbelief . avenant help felicie down off the stool . felicie leave I alone , will you ! avenant you become sweeter by the moment . the merchant beauty come to my room and cure I . ludovic where have you come from ? felicie ( stare greedily at beauty 's necklace ) what a magnificent necklace ! beauty ( remove it and offer it to she ) take it , felicie , it will look even better on you . felicie grab it eagerly . it turn into a bunch of dirty twisted rag . the merchant my God ! adelaide put it down ! felicie how disgusting ! she drop it . as it touch the ground it turn back into pearl . the merchant pick up the necklace and put it on beauty . the merchant what the Beast give you be for you alone . you can not give it away . felicie ( angrily ) come on adelaide , let 's go and get dress . we must look simply ghastly . ludovic good-bye , you sweet young thing ! the two sister stalk out of the yard . beauty ( look at the wash on the line ) who do my wash ? avenant we do ! beauty the sheet be badly hang , they be trail on the ground . ludovic so , this Beast be not savage ? beauty no , ludovic , he 's a good beast . avenant you be not go back to he , be you ? beauty I must , avenant , I promise . the Beast set I free for one week , and if I do not return he will die of heartbreak . avenant ( angrily ) do you love he ? beauty no , avenant , I be fond of he . it 's not the same thing . Inside the house , the two sister be dress . adelaide the Church Committee would be most interested in that little exhibition of witchcraft we have just witness . in the yard . the merchant ( kissing beauty on the cheek ) I will see you later . he leave . ludovic let 's go to the stable . we can talk seriously there . my dear sister will not be able to hear we . they walk across the yard and go into the stable . ludovic tell we everything . beauty ( sit down on a wooden bench ) he give I the key to all he treasure . he trust I implicitly . I would be the monster if I do not return to he . ludovic what about you servant ? be there many ? beauty invisible hand serve I , dress I , arrange my hair , open and close the door . I never see anyone . avenant and this Beast speak like a human be ? beauty yes , avenant , he speak just like you and I do . ludovic do he crawl on all four ? what do he drink ? what do he eat ? beauty sometimes I help he drink -- and I know he will never eat I . Inside the house . the two sister be dress up in all they finery . felicie well , I never ! adelaide it 's incredible ! felicie that little fool be happier than we be -- and she 's rich . after all , so many husband be no better than she Beast . adelaide she 's burst with pride ! felicie do not worry , I have get a good head on my shoulder . we must be very friendly and let the boy worm out she secret . later . downstair . avenant and ludovic be sit at the table . ludovic empty he pocket . avenant show I how much you have get . ludovic ( throw a coin onto the table ) there you be . it 's pretty bad . avenant we must do something . I have come to a decision . ludovic there 's nothing we can do . avenant ludovic , the idea of beauty return to that Beast tomorrow be intolerable . we must slay the Beast . ludovic and take he treasure ! but do you appreciate the power of magic ? avenant I do not believe in magic . I be sure the monster hypnotize beauty and make she believe anything he want she to . ludovic I be scared . avenant when it come to rescue beauty no magic power in the world could scare I . anyway we have no choice . so do not be ridiculous . butter up you sister -- when they see what 's in it for they , they will stop beauty from leave . tempt they with the promise of rich . ludovic and by what miracle will you find the Beast ? avenant I will question beauty and find out she secret . later . in the kitchen . felicie we will rub we eye with onion and pretend to cry . adelaide ( hold up a onion ) she will smell it . ludovic 's idea be ludicrous . felicie she 's too stupid to notice . ludovic 's idea be not all that silly . leave it to I . she hand the onion to adelaide who rub it in felicie 's face . felicie charm ! ... go on ... go on ... they run into beauty 's room , hold handkerchief to they face . beauty be wear she simple peasant clothes . felicie ( dramatically ) beauty , you can not leave we , you must not go ! adelaide ( fling herself to she knee at beauty 's foot ) beauty , stay with we ! felicie I know we have be unfair to you , but at the think of lose you we realize just how much we love you ! beauty you be cry ! felicie ( pretend to sob ) if the Beast love you , he will not mind if you stay a little longer . adelaide stay another week ! beauty it 's not possible . felicie do you want we to die of heartbreak ? you father ? you sister ? stay ... stay , beauty ... stay with we ! beauty ( turn away ) I can not . felicie do not be cruel . stay ! adelaide pretend to sob hysterically . beauty ( stroking she forehead ) adelaide , adelaide ! my dear sister . felicie adelaide say to I , " we have get we dear beauty back . I shall die if she leave ! " beauty do not tempt I . adelaide beauty ! felicie do not abandon we tomorrow . tell the Beast that it be you sister ' fault . she turn away in false despair and walk over to the dress table . she see the golden key lie there and snatch it while no one be look . beauty ( sighing ) I do not realize that you be so fond of I . felicie ( smile falsely ) you be a angel . she run up to beauty and embrace she . adelaide ( kissing she ) we be so happy ! so happy ! beauty throw herself onto the bed in despair . the sister leave the room . adelaide oh , I be so happy ! felicie close the door behind she and listen . felicie she 's cry ! adelaide she will stay behind , and we will share all the treasure ! felicie let 's wash we face . you stink ! they go downstairs . ludovic be wait for they . ludovic well ? felicie well what ? ludovic be she stay ? felicie she 's stay . ludovic do you get the key ? felicie look ! she open she hand . ludovic give it to I . felicie ( put she hand behind she back ) what do you take I for ? adelaide ( to ludovic ) who know what you would do with it ; it 's solid gold , you know . ludovic you stupid fool . felicie do not start fight . I will give it to avenant -- if he decide to go . ludovic oh , woman ! you really be incredible ! typical . go how ? go where ? felicie ( shrugging she shoulder ) avenant will just have to find a way . later . the family be dining . the merchant beauty , you seem so sad . beauty no , I be not , father . felicie she miss she luxury . we wretch way of life upset she . the merchant ( angrily ) felicie ! felicie ! adelaide the Beast must have certain attraction that we do not possess . beauty get up to serve the wine . the merchant oh ! felicie doubtless madam feel that it 's beneath she to wait on we . beauty run out of the room . the merchant beauty ! beauty ! she go outside with she head in she hand , sobbing . avenant ( come up to she ) what have they do to you now ? it 's you sister , be not it ? they do not wait long ! damn it ! beauty , listen to I , do not cry . I must wake you from this nightmare . I must take you away . I know what you be think -- that I be a good - for-nothing . but with you beside I , I would work . we would leave the town and its tavern behind we . answer I . ( she be silent . ) what be it ? I see , it 's the Beast . tell I how to get to he , I will go and kill he . ( he pause . ) you do not answer . I be sure of it ; the Beast have bewitch you or at least you can not bring yourself to wish he harm . ( beauty listen to he with tear in she eye . ) well , beauty , let I tell you -- that monster can not be suffer as I do or he would fly to you and make you follow he . Rest assure , beauty , he have forget you . she shake she head and leave he . later . at the castle . the Beast be pace up and down in beauty 's room . he look at he bare right hand in despair . he go over to the dress table and finger the mirror . he walk slowly round the room and stare at the empty bed . he pick up the fur bedspread and stroke it , as he hold it to he cheek and clutches it to he breast with a look of anguish . later . at the merchant 's house . the stable . felicie open the door to let in avenant and ludovic . felicie come in , no one will find we here . adelaide you be late , of course . felicie well ? avenant I have reach a decision . there 's no look back now ! ludovic that 's all very well , but how can we get to the Beast ? felicie do not you find out how beauty get here ? avenant beauty only tell we what the Beast have allow she to tell . we know every detail about the domain , but she will not say anymore . felicie to hell with she ; if she will not tell , I will torture she till she do ! avenant if you do that , do not count on any more help from I ! ( they hear a sound . ) what 's that ? I will go and see . he go to the door . the magnificent one trot into the yard . avenant a riderless white horse ! it 's the magnificent one , I be sure . he jump over the gate and come into the yard . felicie Heaven send he ! ludovic more likely Hell . adelaide I be scared ! felicie shut up , you fool . avenant , open the door quietly and bring he in . avenant do not move , I will go . he go out into the yard and lead the horse into the stable . felicie the Beast have send he for beauty . what luck . avenant , the horse can take you and ludovic to the domain . ludovic it 's easy for you to talk ! felicie be you a man , or be not you ? avenant we must not waste a second . ( he mount the horse . ) come on , ludovic , jump up behind I . ludovic ( get up behind he ) May God protect we . felicie ( pick up they bow and arrow ) you bow ! she hand they to avenant . he look down . something be hang from the saddle . avenant what 's that ? felicie it 's a bag . if it be gold , I would only have to touch it and it would turn to straw . ( to adelaide ) open it . adelaide ( look inside the bag ) a mirror ! she take it out . it 's the mirror from beauty 's room in the castle . felicie his message to she be clear : look and you will see the ugly face of a girl who break she promise . ludovic you see , the Beast 's not all that stupid after all . felicie ( give avenant the key ) here 's the key -- off you go , and good luck ! avenant I have forget the magic word . ludovic it 's something like " go , go . " felicie if I depend on you we would get nowhere ! go where I be go , magnificent one , go , go . avenant go where I be go , magnificent one , go , go . the horse neigh and gallop out of the yard . adelaide ( run after they ) ludovic ! felicie what 's the matter ? adelaide suppose we have send they to they death ... felicie do not be stupid . ( they go into the house . ) the mirror ! adelaide I do not feel happy about it . felicie ( hold up the mirror ) look at you , green with fear . adelaide let out a cry of horror . the mirror reflect the cruel and ugly face of a old hag . adelaide look ! she hold the mirror up to felicie . felicie look into it and see a ape . felicie oh ! adelaide what can you see ? felicie nothing . let 's take it to beauty , it 's she turn . they go to beauty 's room . she be wear the fabulous clothes and jewel that she have on when she arrive . felicie ah ! so madam doll herself up like a princess when she 's alone in she room . adelaide yes , just who do you think you be ? felicie here , beauty , here 's a mirror that be mysteriously leave at the door for you . ( she throw it on the bed . ) to show you how a beauty must look to please a Beast . they leave the room . beauty go over to the bed and pick up the mirror . she hold it to she cheek and prop it up on the dress table . she lie down on the bed and stare into it . at first she see she own reflection . then the Beast appear to she , with a look of intense suffer . the mirror go black . beauty lie back on the bed in despair . suddenly she sit up . she look at the mirror again , hurriedly pick up the Beast 's glove which be lie next to it and put it on she right hand . she be transport to she bed in the castle . she remove the glove and sit up . beauty oh ! the key ! she put the glove on again . she be take back to the house . she remove the glove and look round the room for the key . beauty the key ! ( desperately ) where be the key ? my God ! she throw herself onto the bed and hurriedly put on the glove again . back in she room in the castle , she rush to the door which open silently before she . beauty Beast ! my Beast ! she run out of the castle , down the stone staircase . she stop and search in vain for the Beast . beauty Beast ! ( in despair ) Beast ! she run through the garden shouting for he . suddenly she see he lie on the ground by the edge of the pool . beauty my Beast ! she run to he side and kneel over he . beauty my Beast , answer I , Beast ! oh , my Beast , forgive I ! ( she try to lift up he head . ) answer I , Beast . look at I . you glove will revive you . ( she put it on he right hand . ) help I ! ( she look at he . ) I be the monster , Beast . you shall live , you shall live ! the beast ( whisper ) it 's too late . meanwhile , avenant and ludovic have reach the pavilion . ludovic we be here ! avenant yes , we be here . first we must kill the Beast . ludovic we will kill he later . have you get the key ? avenant bring out the key and be about to put it into the lock . ludovic wait ! this key may release some evil trap . we must be very careful . avenant you be right . we will not go in through the door . follow I . they walk round the side of the pavilion . the wall be cover in plant . avenant test the branch . avenant climb up after I . ( ludovic hesitates . ) come on , take heart . you be scared of course . ludovic I be not scared , I be think . avenant it look the same to I . be you come ? ludovic ( follow he up onto the roof ) where be we ? avenant we be on a skylight . he pull back the foliage and peer down into the pavilion . avenant look ! they gaze down at innumerable jewel , gold and other treasure pile up around a statue in the middle of the pavilion . ludovic it 's fantastic ! ( he point to the statue . ) what 's that ? avenant the goddess diana . meanwhile , beauty be still desperately try to revive the Beast . beauty you be no coward , I know the strength of you claw . clutch at life with they , fight ! sit up , roar , frighten death away ! the beast beauty , if I be a man ... doubtless I would ... do as you say ... but poor beast who would prove they love ... only know ... how to lie on the ground ... and die . he give she a look full of tenderness and die . on the roof of the pavilion avenant be spur into action by the sight of the Beast 's treasure . avenant I be go to break the pane . ( ludovic try to hold he back . ) leave I alone ! ( he break the glass with the heel of he boot . ) after all , it 's only glass . you hold I by the arm , and lower I down as far as possible , then I will jump . ludovic it 's too high . avenant I will jump . ludovic how will we get the treasure out ? avenant we will think of something . first we have get to get in there . stand square on you foot . ( ludovic take hold of he arm . ) get a good grip . ludovic lower avenant down through the skylight . the statue of diana come to life , put a arrow in she bow and aim at avenant . avenant wait , wait ludovic , do not let go yet . wait until I tell you to . diana shoot the arrow . it hit avenant between he shoulder blade . he let out a cry . ludovic stare at he in horror . before he very eye avenant 's feature turn into that of the Beast . ludovic let go of he , he fall to the ground -- there be no sign of the treasure , only dead leave and branch . at the edge of the pool beauty start back with a cry . beauty where be the Beast ? a handsome young man stand in front of she . the prince the Beast be no more . it be I , beauty . my parent would not believe in fairy tale . the fairy punish they through I . I could only be save by a look of love . beauty ( amaze ) be such miracle possible ? the prince we be the proof . Love can make a Beast of a man . it can also make a ugly man handsome . ( she look away ) what be it beauty ? do you regret my ugliness ? beauty no , my Lord . you resemble someone I once know . the prince who ? beauty my brother 's friend . the prince you love he ? beauty yes . the prince do he know ? beauty no . the prince but you love the Beast ? beauty yes , I do . the prince you be a strange girl , beauty , a strange girl indeed . beauty ( kneel at he foot ) I be at you service . the prince ( lift she to she foot ) do my resemblance to you brother 's friend displease you ? beauty ( turn away ) yes ... ( she turn back to he and smile . ) no . the prince ( take she in he arm ) the first time I carry you in my arm I be the Beast ... in the pavilion the remain of the Beast lie smoking on the ground . the prince be you happy ? beauty I shall have to get accustom to you . where will you take I ? the prince to my kingdom , where you will be Queen . there you will find you father , and you sister will carry you train . beauty be it far ? the prince we will fly through the air . ( he pick she up in he arm . ) you will not be afraid , will you ? beauty I do not mind be afraid ... with you . he carry she out into the courtyard . in the pavilion dead leave flutter onto the remain of the Beast . the Prince kiss beauty 's hand . the prince beauty ! I will take you ! come , away ! Hand in hand they be magically carry aloft through the cloud into the sky . the end screenplay by Jean Cocteau