" beavis and butt -head do america " by Mike judge and Joe stillman the movie begin with scene of people scream in horror and run down the street of a big city . the ground shake from what seem like giant footstep . there be piece of building debris fall everywhere , people get crush , power line come down , etc . - complete pandemonium . it all look very much like a japanese animated King - Kong or godzilla movie . we hear the footstep get closer and the ground shaking become more intense - more debris fall . then we see a huge black tennis shoe come into frame and smash a National Guard truck . as we pan up , we see the white sock , then the red short , the ac / DC T - shirt , then we hear the familiar , " huh huh huh . " - only it 's a huge sound ... this be a three - hundre foot tall butt -head . " butt - Kong " continue he path of destruction - stomping on car and building and say , " this be cool . huh huh huh . " airplane and tank start fire at butt -head ( butt - Kong ) . he look irritate and say , " cut it out butt-munch ! " butt - head swat at the plane , send they crash to the ground and stomp on the tank . then , something catch he eye . butt - head reach into a skyscraper and pick up a nice look woman - a lot like the one from the King Kong movie . he look down at she in he hand and go wide - eye , " whoa ! huh huh huh . " the woman scream in terror as butt -head look down at she and try a few lame pick up line . " uuuuh ... hey baby . I be like , pretty tall . huh huh huh . " he swat down a helicopter that be circle he head , " dammit , I be try to score ! " the helicopter go down in flame . we CUT to some guy sit on a tank fire at he . they notice giant footstep come from the other direction and turn the tank around . through they binocular we see a three - hundre foot beavis come from the horizon . the giant beavis be even more destructive than butt -kong ( maybe he could be breathe fire ) . beavis start try to pick up on butt -head 's woman . butt - head put the woman down and he and beavis begin to go at it , leveling the city with one of they stupid juvenile smack - fight . we cross -dissolve from three - hundred foot beavis shaking butt -kong to butt -head asleep on the couch with beavis shaking he . int . b&amp ; b's home - day beavis ( o.c. ) butt - head ! butt -head ! hey , butt-head ! butt - head be dead asleep on the couch . beavis shake he . beavis butt - head , wake up , wake up ! butt - head come around . butt -head dammit , beavis , I be about to score . huh huh . beavis yeah , but check it out . it 's go ! butt-head what 's go ? beavis the tv . beavis be make strange noise , in a state of shock . butt - head rub he eye and look at the empty space where the tv be . butt -head uuuuuuh , huh huh . uuh , ... out the window , we see two young men carry b&amp ; B 's tv into they van . still on the couch , butt - head look over at the break window . we see a crowbar lie on the floor , and the front door leave open . butt - head look at the broken window , at the crowbar , the OPEN door , then back at the empty space where the tv be . he do this a couple of time - piece it all together . butt -head ( cont . ) whoa ! I think I just figure something out beavis . beavis what ? butt-head this suck . beavis yeah , heh heh . beavis be still in shock . they both stare at the empty space where the tv be for a beat , not quite sure what to do . beavis be shaking and making weird noise . he press button on the remote a few time , as if it might help somehow . butt-head this suck more than anything that have ever suck before . we must find this butt-hole that take the tv . ext . CITY STREET - night bad neighborhood . 70 's music blare . a fast drive car drive right at we and stop . punk run in fear . beavis hop out of the driver 's seat , wear bell - bottom , chain jewelry and a 70' afro . into a dramatic close - up , he take off he glass . freeze on beavis announcer beavis ! frame unfreeze . beavis whip out a huge gun . beavis freeze , butt-wipe ! a attacker come from one side . beavis use judo . another toss a knife . beavis duck , then shoot with two hand , police style . int . bedroom - night swinger 's pad . totally 70' . a group of bikini would girl on a waterbed . butt - head approach they . he wear a leisure suit , collar way open . he plop down in the bed . freeze on butt -head announcer butt -head ! frame unfreeze . the girl wrap they arm around he . butt -head huh huh huh . come to butt - head , baby . announcer Star in ... MAIN title - full frame ext . CITY street - day / night action montage begins . style like a 70' cop show open . open credit to the movie appear just as cop show credit would . beavis do a starsky and hutch -style roll with a gun . butt - head slap a pimp . beavis drive , chase a car . butt - head be slap by a girl . butt -head huh huh huh . that be cool . beavis and butt -head be in a warehouse shoot -out . a black police chief rise from a desk to yell at b&amp ; B. b&amp ; B dive for cover just before a building explode . in close - up , beavis smile for a id shot . butt - head do the same . beavis , in a rooftop fight , kick he opponent over the edge . a beautiful woman , back to we , take off she dress for butt -head . final open credit appear . butt - head and the woman fall into bed . suddenly ... int . school hallway / door to a.v. room - day from inside , SOUND of equipment crash . b&amp ; B come out wheeling a tv on one of that cart . there be cable attach to it still lead back into the a.v. room . as they push the cart we hear more equipment fall . butt -head dammit , it 's stick . they give it one big push and it finally break free . we see that the cable be tangle with cable from other tvs and vcr , which all come crash to the ground . butt -head ( cont . ) huh huh huh . that be cool . beavis yeah , heh heh . let 's just wheel this thing back to the house . int . school / another hallway - day mr. van driessen stop b&amp ; B. van driessen ah , excuse I boy . what 's go on here ? butt-head uh , someone steal we tv . beavis yeah . we be just gonna use this one . get outta the way . heh heh . van driessen I be afraid that tv belong to the school . mmmkay ? you know , this could be a positive experience for you guy . there 's a wonderful world out there when we discover we do not need tv to entertain we . butt -head huh huh huh . he say " anus . " beavis ( to himself ) entert-ain...us...an- we ... oh yeah ! heh heh . anus . heh heh . van driessen ( frustrated ) have you guy hear a word I have say ? butt-head yeah , " anus . " huh huh huh huh . van driessen look , guy , just take the tv back to the a.v. room right now . and try to be a little more open-minded . mmkay ? Van driessen leave . b&amp ; B continue to wheel the cart home . butt-head what a dork . huh huh . beavis yeah , heh heh . he 's a anus . heh heh . ext . school / stairway - day b&amp ; B arrive with the cart at the top of a stairway . they lamely attempt to let it slowly down the step . the cart be too top-heavy and go tumble to the bottom of the stair , shatter the tv . butt -head huh huh huh . that be cool . beavis no it be not ! butt-head uh , ... oh yeah . b&amp ; B stand at the top of the stair look down at the wrreckage . principal mcvicker show up by the tv . mcvicker why .... you ... you bastard ... ge ... get out ! you be suspend . one more screw up ... and you be expell . b&amp ; B walk off laugh . ext . the anderson's driveway - dusk b&amp ; B walk up . there 's a camper in the driveway . butt -head whoa , check it out beavis . I do not know Anderson have a camper . beavis yeah , heh heh . maybe it have a tv . heh heh . tv. b&amp ; B walk up to the camper and start to open the door just as marcy anderson open it . ( as usual , she do not recognize they . ) marcy oh , hello . be you guy here to look at the refrigerator ? butt-head uh , no . beavis we be here to look at the tv . heh heh . marcy oh , I do not realize it be break . come on in . butt -head cool . huh huh huh . b&amp ; B walk into the camper . marcy stay outside . ext . anderson's camper - same time Tom be adjust the trailer-hitch . marcy watch . tom well that oughtta hold she . ya know , the most important thing you can have on a camper be a good propane regulator , and this here 's the best one they make . marcy I sure hope we can get the ' fridge fix before we leave . tom now marcy , we have be savin ' for this trip we whole life and we be gonna go come Hell or high water ... through the camper wall , we hear the faint sound of b&amp ; B AIR / mouth - guitaring " iron man . " tom ( cont . ) what the hell be that noise ? int . anderson's camper - dusk b&amp ; B watch a " cop " - type show . beavis get up , go to the refrigerator and grab a soda . the refrigerator be under the counter on which the tv be sit . beavis take a sip and then do a spit take , spraying soda all over the top of the tv . beavis aaaaaagh !!! this crap be warm ! angle on tv : the soda beavis spit out drip into the inside of the tv . we see smoke and hear sizzling and short circuit sfx . the tv go dead . butt -head beavis , you butt-hole ! you break it . ext . anderson's camper - dusk b&amp ; B come out . Tom notice they . tom hey , what 's goin ' on here ? marcy they be here to fix the tv , Tom . tom the tv be not break . butt -head yeah it be . huh huh huh . Tom adjust he glass as he look at b&amp ; B. tom' blurry p.o.v. : we see b&amp ; B out of focus . tom hey wait a minute . you two look kinda familiar . ai not you they kid that have be whackin ' off in my tool shed ? beavis &amp ; butt -head huh huh huh huh huh . angle on beavis : look particularly guilty , eye shifting back and forth . b&amp ; B walk off , leave Tom wonder . ext . STREET in a seedy part of town - just before dawn b&amp ; B be have tv withdrawal . butt - head be bug-ey . beavis have the shake bad , arm fold like Dustin hoffman in " Midnight cowboy . " beavis nnnnooo . oooooh nooooo . butt -head what 's you problem beavis ? beavis I need tv now ! now ! nnnndammit !!! butt - head stop short . he look up . his face be bath in a golden , throbbing light . butt -head be p.o.v. : we see a flash neon sign that say , " tv " . pull back to show b&amp ; B be stand outside the Elite Motel Lodge , feature " Color tv " and " Air -coole room " , with " special nap rates . " b&amp ; B stare up , as if at a god . beavis ( craze ) heh heh . tv. heh teee veee . ext . motel court - continuous butt - head try the first door . it 's lock . he try the second door . it 's lock . he try the third door . it open . b&amp ; B 's eye bulge . Inside , principal mcvicker be lie across the leg of a obvious prostitute , he pants pull down . she spanks he . mcvicker please mmm ... may I have another ?! b&amp ; B laugh . mcvicker hear and look up . mcvicker ( cont . ) beavis and butt-head ! y...y ... you bastard . beavis can we watch you tv ? mcvicker y ... y ... you be expell ! get out ! butt - head close the door , laugh , and start to walk towards the next door . the muffle sound of a spank can be hear follow by mcvicker ask for another . butt -head huh huh huh . that be cool . beavis dammit ! I need a tv now ! we be miss everything ! int . motel room - continuous the only light in the room be a flicker tv . sitting on the bed , talk on the phone be muddy . he 's a tough , mean look red-neck - a Jack Ruby type . on the nightstand next to he be a three - quarter drunk bottle of bourbon and a manila envelope . on he lap be a big gun . muddy ... be you sure this guy can pull this off ? it 's gotta look like a accident ... we hear a knock on the door and muffle b&amp ; B laugh . muddy ( cont . ) hold on a minute . that must be they now . I will call you back . ( hang up phone ) ... come in ! b&amp ; B walk in . muddy turn on the light . beavis ( sounding suddenly sedate ) aaaah . teee veeeee , heh heh . muddy yer late . butt-head why ? do we miss american gladiator ? muddy p.o.v. : b&amp ; B be a drunken blur . muddy well , Earl say you guy be young , but jeez ... oh well , as long as you can get the job do . so what be you name ? butt -head uh , butt -head . beavis beavis . muddy that 's alright . I would rather not know you real name anyways . I be muddy . look , I be gonna get right to the point . I will pay you ten grand plus expense , all payable after you do she ... butt -head ( full of innuendo ) do she ? huh huh . muddy that 's right . I be offer you ten grand plus expense to do my wife . we gotta deal ? butt - head stare in shock . beavis actually , we just wanna watch tv ... butt -head shut up beavis ! uh , yeah . we will do you wife . beavis ( tremble ) nnnnaah ... we need to watch tv dammit !!! butt - head smack beavis and pull he aside . butt -head beavis , you butt-munch , this guy want we to score with he wife . and he 's gonna pay we . we can buy a new tv . beavis oh , heh heh really ? cool . heh heh . butt -head ( to muddy ) uh , huh huh ... we will do it , sir . muddy okay , then let 's get down to business . angle on the bed . muddy slap down a picture of dallas , he wife . leather clad , biker , beautiful . muddy ( cont . ) here she be . her name 's Dallas . she be not as sweet as she look . she steal everything from I . ya gotta watch out , ' cause she will do you twice as fast as you would do she . butt-head whoa , huh huh . cool . muddy plunk down plane ticket . muddy she 's hole up in a hotel room in Las veag . you flight leave in a couple of hour . now c'mon , I will drive you to the airport . butt -head hole up . huh huh huh . hole . beavis can we watch some tv first ? muddy pick up the gun and shoot the tv . muddy no . ext . CITY street - morning muddy drive he loud four- by- four like a maniac , drunk with bloodshot eye . b&amp ; B be in the back seat . he eye they through the rearview . meanwhile , a cat bounce off the windshield with a shriek . muddy one more thing . mah wife 's get this leather satchel . it 's black , about this big . I need ya to bring it back . it 's real important . sentimental value ... any question so far ? butt-head uh , yeah . do she have big hooter ? muddy she sure do . butt-head this be gonna be cool ! huh huh huh . beavis yeah , heh heh . boooooiiieng !!! muddy just make sure it look like a accident ... beavis ( spastic ) yeah , heh heh . I think I just have a accident . heh heh hmm heh hmm heh . muddy huh huh . you guy be funny . let 's have a drink on it . muddy swig the last swallow from he bottle of bourbon . ext . airport - early morning in a overhead view , the four-by- four screech up to the gate , fishtail to a stop , throw b&amp ; B onto the sidewalk , and peel away . butt-head we be gonna get pay to score . beavis yeah , heh heh , and then we be gonna get a big-screen tv ! heh heh . butt -head beavis , this be the great day of we life . huh huh huh . int . airplane - day b&amp ; B enter the plane . they sit down in the first two seat on the right - in first class . a flight attendant , doloris approach they . doloris hi. can I help you find you seat ? butt -head uuh , nah . this seat be ok . doloris I think you ticket have you seat in row fourteen , coach . so why do not you just go ahead and move back , ok ? butt -head that 's ok . someone else can have that . beavis yeah , it 's not that important to I , really . that seat be too small anyways . doloris yank they out of they seat and lead they down the aisle . angle down aisle in coach . doloris stop by a row where a elderly woman , martha , sit by the window . next to she : two empty seat . doloris here you be . she gesture to the seat and leave . beavis climb in the middle , butt -head in the aisle - still watch doloris . butt -head hey beavis . when she be lead we down here , huh huh , she touch my butt . huh huh huh . martha , she sense a bit dimme from age , turn to b&amp ; B. martha hello there . be you two head for Las Vegas ? beavis yeah , we be gonna score . martha I hope to score big there myself . I be mostly go to be do the slot . beavis yeah , I be hope to do some slut too . heh heh . do they have lot of slut in Las Vegas ? martha oh , there be so many slot you will not know where to begin . beavis whoa ! heh heh . hey butt - head , this chick be pretty cool . she say there 's gonna be ton of slut in Las Vegas ! heh heh heh . butt -head cool . huh huh huh . martha it 's so nice to meet young man who be so well mannered . beavis yeah , heh heh . I be gonna have money , and a big-screen tv and slut everywhere ! martha oh , that 's nice . captain voice ( v.o. ) ( through p.a. ) good morning . this be you captain speak . welcome aboard flight 151 non-stop to Las Vegas . we ask that you turn you attention to the front of the cabin for pre-flight safety instruction . b&amp ; B see doloris , step nearby to demonstrate the seat belt . attendant's voice to fasten you seat belt , insert the free end into the coupling . butt -head insert . huh huh huh . doloris demonstrate . b&amp ; B be dumbfounded . it 's too complicated . butt -head ( cont . ) uh ... they struggle to make they seat belt fit , get each other 's part . tammy ( o.c. ) hi , I be tammy ? can I help you with that ? butt - head look up . from he p.o.v. we see a beautiful woman , tammy , smile , she hand reach down . falling in love / harp music sting play . close on butt -head 's lap as two female hand reach down and pull one strap from between butt - head 's leg . butt - head look down at he lap as tammy lean over he . a loud clicking can be hear . butt - head stare blankly . tammy ( cont . ) there you go . you be all set . butt -head ( stunne ) I love you . suddenly martha buckle beavis ' belt . tammy go . beavis wait , I want she to do it . butt -head huh huh . soon , she will be mine . captain voice Flight attendant , please prepare for take - off . the engine start to hum . the plane be roll . butt - head struggle to get he seat belt off . he do everything but pull the handle . beavis go white with fear . the plane start to shake . the engine rumble . beavis start to freak . beavis hey wait a minute . what 's go on ?! butt - head bang away at he seat belt . beavis look out the window and realize they be in the air . beavis ( cont . ) ( scream ) aaaagh ! we be gonna die !!!!! angle on couple in front of b&amp ; B : man D 'ya hear that ? something must be wrong ! woman oh my God !!!!!!! angle on cabin , people start scream . the plane quake , lift up . on butt - head , furiously pull : butt -head dammit ! huh huh . that chick want I . beavis aggghg ! we be gonna die ! we be all gonna die ! the plane arc upward . butt - head finally get the belt off as the plane be in full thrust . he rise and go tumble backward down the aisle . on people see butt -head fly , scream in panic . in free fall : butt - head grab the door to the hangable luggage . it all come tear out . butt - head fly up , hit several overhead luggage rack , which open and spill they content . butt - head land in the galley , cause food to go fly and coffee to pour freely . on the cabin as the plane start to level out . people stop they scream . on butt - head , underneath the rubble , poke he head out . he 's directly across from the flight attendant station where tammy be strapped in . butt-head uh , huh huh ... could you , like , do that thing with my belt again ? int . plane - later all 's in order . Flight attendant roll the beverage cart up the aisle . people read , relaxed . on beavis and martha . martha be show picture of she grandchild . beavis be show the picture of Dallas that muddy give he . beavis I be probably go to make out with she first before we , you know , get down ... martha you will have to speak up son . I have this ringing in my ear . my doctor say it could be related to my heart palpitation . I have have two operation on my heart . beavis really ? I poop too much . martha oh , maybe you be lactose intolerant . beavis uh ... no , ( louder ) I poop too much . then I get tired . martha well , if you find yourself get tired , take a couple of this . she hand he a box of nodrowz . martha ( cont . ) they perk I right up . beavis heh heh , thanks . he pour the content into he hand and chew they like candy . then he eye open wide . beavis ( cont . ) ( strange ) uh , taste like crap . heh heh . mmmmm . beavis start wolfing they down . int . plane - a bit later tammy pass out meal from a roll cart . she work with doloris . butt-head stand behind tammy , attempt to hit on she . butt -head ( to tammy ) so , uh huh huh , be you go to Las Vegas ? huh huh huh . tammy ignore he and move on , leave butt -head there . angle on butt - head , look down at something . pan down to reveal he 's look at a Beer on a fat guy 's tray . the guy 's asleep . butt-head pick up the beer . angle on beavis , nearby . the nodrowz be start to take effect . beavis start shaking , babbling , stare cross -ey at he fist , etc . ( pre-cornholio stuff ) tammy reach she next passenger . tammy hi , we be serve dinner . we selection tonight be chicken piccata or seafood gumbo ... beavis ( o.s. ) piccata ? piccata ! picattatta tatta ! tammy move forward , leave butt -head stand there . in the background , we see beavis start to quake , on the verge of cornholio mode . passenger do the gumbo have corn in it ? angle on beavis : turned , face the cabin , T-shirt pull over he head in full cornholio mode . beavis I be cornholio ! I need picatta for my bunghole ! tammy you will have to wait you turn sir . beavis be you threaten I ? my bunghole will not wait ! beavis start to wander down the aisle . angle on curtain to first CLASS cabin . beavis enter . from the other side , SOUND of scream . we hear several call button be press . on butt -head . he approach tammy from behind . she ignore he . butt-head uh , I get a beer . want some ? huh huh . angle inside the cockpit . the pilot be relaxed and settle in when the door to the cockpit slam open . beavis be in the doorway scream . beavis bargarajjjaaaahhh !!! I be cornholio !! the pilot scream . the copilot jump up so fast he cause coffee to spill everywhere , include on the captain 's lap . the captain then jump up , hit the control and sending the plane into a nose -dive . on butt -head in the back of the plane stand next to tammy . he start to take a sip of beer . the nose - dive of the plane cause butt -head to go flying toward the front of the plane . butt -head aaaaahhh !!! huh huh . aaaahhh !!! butt - head bounce all overthe plane and then get tangle up in the curtain that separate first class and coach . it tear off , and he continue to fly forward . cockpit the captain be desperately try to regain control of the plane . butt - head slam into the cockpit , landing on the control panel face the captain . captain get the hell out of the cockpit ! butt -head huh huh , you say ... captain now !!! the captain throw butt -head back behind he and pull the plane out of the dive . ext . las vega airport - early evening the plane land . int . cockpit door - early evening the flight attendant , shake , smile at a line of people deplane . the people be white with fear , some cover with fleck of spill food and other matter . attendant bye-bye . bye-bye . bye-bye . they grow silent and still as b&amp ; B pass by . beavis take the T - shirt off he head , come down from cornholio . butt -head huh huh huh . that be cool . int . terminal / arrival gate - day arrive passenger be greet . a family be reunite . two businessman walk up to limo driver hold card with they name . a reunite couple hug . b&amp ; B look around in confusion . butt-head uh , huh huh , this be Las Vegas ? beavis yeah , heh heh . I think there would be casinos and light and stuff . people greet and walk away . the place start to clear out . one limo driver be leave stand . he wear sunglass and hold a sign that read : beavis and butt-head . b&amp ; B look around . except for the driver , they be alone . beavis ( cont . ) hey butt - head , why 's that guy hold a sign ? butt-head uh ... maybe he 's blind ... huh huh , check this out . b&amp ; B go up to he . butt - head turn around , drop he pants and hang a " B.A. " at the guy . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh huh . driver ah , excuse I . you would not know where I can find this guy , would ya ? he indicate the sign . butt - head turn around and pull up he pants . they look and try to read : butt -head ( read ) uh , b...a...u... no , uh , V ... beavis ( read ) uh ... buuuuut . Boot . someone name boot . butt -head ( realize ) huh huh . this say beavis . beavis and boot-head . butt -head that 's butt -head . do not you get it , beavis . this dude have the same name as we . beavis yeah , we should party . the limo driver roll he eye and walk away . driver this way , sir . b&amp ; B follow the driver away . beavis look around . beavis so where 's that guy ? ext . muddy motel room - day harlan and ross , the two dumb-look rough - neck that steal b&amp ; B 's tv be stand outside muddy 's motel room . harlan knock on the door . ross where the hell be he ? harlan you sure this be the right place ? harlan look through the window and see the shattered tv . no one 's there . muddy 's four- by-four squeal into the lot and skid to a stop next to harlan and Ross ' van . muddy get out , look really drunk now . harlan ( cont . ) you muddy ? muddy ( slurring ) you the cop ? ross uh , no . Earl send we . you know , to take care of you wife ... muddy grab Ross by the collar . muddy what the hell ?!... what about that other ... ross huh ? muddy toss Ross to the sidewalk and start back to they four - by - four . muddy dammit !!! she do it to I again !!! harlan hey , I notice you tv be break . you wanna buy a new one ? muddy get in the four- by- four and start it . muddy I be gonna go to Vegas and kill all three a' they ! harlan and Ross seem momentarily confuse . muddy revs the engine , peel out backwards hitting the front of the van . this cause b&amp ; B 's tv and some other loot to spill out the back onto the sidewalk . Ross start to pick it up . harlan just leave it . worthless piece o' crap . ross yeah , really . we gotta start stealin ' from rich people . ext . las vega - day montage song begins . note : I would like this to be a well - know band ( Red hot chili pepper ) do they best imitation of a modern Las Vegas lounge act . I think a song like " what be I gonna do with you " by Barry White or something obnoxious like " bicostal " by Peter allan would be cool . or maybe Sinatra 's " you make I feel so Young " would be best . the car pass by major hotel and tourist sight , finally pull up to a big luxurious hotel and casino . int . HOTEL / casino - day establish shot . excitement . gambling table go on forever . on the lounge band play the song we have be hearing . they should vaguely resemble the actual band do the song . pan down row of slot machine . pan across dealer handle card and chip . dolly right up to b&amp ; B , stare in utter awe . reverse angle reveal : they be stare at a huge Roman statue of a bare - chest woman . they face be blank . they be see God . finally : butt -head beavis . this be what it 's all about . beavis ( speechless ) heh heh . yeah . ext . vega - dusk light be pop on . billboards and sign be lighting up . the whole strip be come alive . pure excitement . int . HOTEL / casino - dusk on b&amp ; B , still stare at the statue . b&amp ; B ( in awe ) huh huh huh huh huh . a security guard come and drag b&amp ; B away . on the lounge band , continue the song we have be hearing . int . b&amp ; b's HOTEL room - night the door be open by a bellboy . bellboy I be so sorry about that little misunderstanding . we do not know you be register guest . here 's some play chip compliment of ... beavis rush in and grab the remote which be attach to the night table . he try to pull it up and can not . beavis this remote 's too heavy ! bellboy Sir , it 's attach to the ... butt-head here , dumbass ! let I try ! they both struggle to pull it up . finally , they fall over backwards . annoy , the bellboy leave . int . elevator bank /9th floor - night the elevator arrive . b&amp ; B get on . there 's several sophisticated people . from inside , a computerize female elevator voice : elevator voice ninth floor , go down . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . butt -head go down . huh huh huh . the sophisticated people look repulse . the door close . int . HOTEL / casino - night music dip down for dialogue . b&amp ; B step off the elevator and walk among the gambling table . beavis pull one of the play chip out of he pocket and bite into it . beavis ow ! this chip suck . butt-head what a rip-off . come on . we gotta find that chick . beavis toss the chip on a roulette table . angle on the wheel . the ball land on 13 . at the table , the dealer ... dealer 13 . we have a winner . ( to beavis ) Sir , you chip ? beavis I do not want them ! keep them . dealer let it ride ! butt -head ( to dealer ) uh ... could you help we find a chick ? dealer ( uneasy ) Sir , the casino do not partake in that kind of activity . the wheel stop . dealer ( cont . ) ( amaze ) 13 ! winner ! people oooh and aaah . more gather to watch . through the gather throng come cheryl , a hooker . cheryl Excuse I , boy . do I hear you say you be look for a date ? b&amp ; B freeze , shocked . cheryl ( cont . ) I be Cheryl , and I can show you a real fine time . b&amp ; B do not move . the dealer roll again . cheryl ( cont . ) a time you will remember for the rest of you life , if you know what I mean . dealer ( to beavis ) Sir , do you want you chip ? beavis no , dammit ! I do not want any chip ! dealer let it ride . Cheryl put she hand on they thigh . cheryl what say we three go up to you room , take off we clothes and just see what come up . b&amp ; B 's eye open wide . butt -head huh huh huh huh huh huh . beavis uh ... uh ... the wheel stop . dealer 14 . no winner . cheryl hmmmm . oh well . she leave . people scatter . b&amp ; B be leave alone . stare . butt -head huh huh huh . that chick be talk about do it . beavis heh heh . this be the best night of we life . wide shot . b&amp ; B just stand , laugh . music fade back up ... int . HOTEL lounge - night angle on the band , continue the song . tourist watch from table - decidedly not rock out . b&amp ; B dance alone near the stage , do the " butt-knocker . " int . HOTEL office - night a woman attendant answer the phone . woman attendant good evening . room service . how may I help you ? from the phone ... b&amp ; B ( on phone ) huh huh huh huh huh . the woman 's disturb . woman attendant hello ... hello ... int . HOTEL / casino - night b&amp ; B try to climb up and grab the gigantic boob of the statue . butt - head fall , knock beavis off and they both hit the floor hard . int . b&amp ; b's HOTEL room - night beavis be on the phone in the main room . butt - head sit on the toilet and speak from the phone in the bathroom . butt-head uh , huh huh , I would like to be service ... in my room . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . int . HOTEL lounge - night b&amp ; B keep dance as the famous band play the montage song which end . ext . vega - dawn sunrise . the song ring out . int . b&amp ; b's room - morning beavis be pick up the night table by the remote attach to it and move the whole thing . butt - head approach a door next to the bed . butt-head uh , I wonder where this door go to . beavis come over to check it out . butt - head open the door . it 's one of that double door to the next room . butt - head try to open the second door , jiggling it . suddenly , the door open . someone reach out and pull b&amp ; B inside . it 's dallas , the girl muddy send they after . int . dallas ' suite / MAIN room - continuous she have they pin against the wall . dallas be hot , clad in tight leather , tattooe , pierce , sexy . beavis ( excited ) hey , butt - head , it 's she ! heh heh . dallas all right , who be ya ? c.i.a ? f.b.i .? a.t.f .? butt-head uh ... hey baby . be we like , do it ? beavis I first ? dallas you get two second ! butt-head uh , huh huh . be that gonna be enough time ? Dallas grab butt -head by the shirt . dallas who send ya ? butt-head uh , huh huh , this fat dude . he say we could do you . and he be gonna pay we . dallas muddy ! sonofabitch ! hold it . what 's he payin ' ya ? butt-head uh , ten uh ... dallas ten grand ? that cheap -ass ... I get a better deal for ya . I will double it . I will pay ya twenty if you go back there and do mah husband . butt-head uh , you want we to do a guy ? huh huh . no way . beavis ( consider it ) umm , ... I do not know butt -head . that be a lot of money ... maybe if we close we eye and pretend he 's a chick ... butt - head smack beavis , bring he to he sense . from outside , SOUND of a police siren . Dallas go to the window . the place be be surround by police and plain black car . dallas ( panic ) damn ! you boy , you wait right there . Dallas go into the next room and close the door . b&amp ; B look at each other . they start to take they pants off . butt -head huh huh huh . I be ready for love . beavis I first ! I first ! int . dallas ' suite / other room - day Dallas get binocular from she bag and scout outside . her p.o.v. reveal dozen of police and a.t.f. car . the hotel 's surround . as Dallas look around , she spot a tour bus across the street . on the side : " dream America Tours . " Dallas quickly dial the phone . dallas ( to phone ) gimme the number for dream America tours. ( pause ) right . Dallas dial again , crossing to the door to peek out at b&amp ; B - both stand in they underwear , wait . beavis pick he nose . Dallas close the door again . dallas ( cont . ) ( to phone ) yeah , you get a bus leave today ? ( pause ) five minute ? where 's it goin ' ? ( listen ) Washington , d.c.? ( mull it over ) perfect . ( a look back to the other room ) gimme two ticket . int . dallas ' suite / MAIN room - day b&amp ; B be in they underwear . butt - head sit at the edge of the bed . beavis try to pull the remote off the table . Dallas enter , see this sight , and shut off the tv . she loom over butt -head . butt-head so , uh , huh huh . be we gonna score now ? beavis I first ! butt -head forget it , bunghole ! b&amp ; B start to wrestle . Dallas see beavis ' pants . dallas ( realize ) score ? you boy wanna ...? butt - head grab beavis ' neck . beavis ow , let go , butt -head ! butt -head huh huh huh . she pick up the pants , get a idea . dallas you wait here . she take the pants into the next room . b&amp ; B keep wrestle . beavis I first . butt -head huh huh . no way , dude . int . dallas ' suite / other room - day tight on she black satchel . from it she lift a delicate electronic device , the X - 5 unit , about the size of a credit card . a LED light blink . use she switchbalde , she cut a hole in the back seam of beavis ' pants , create a natural pocket . she carefully slide the unit in . int . dallas ' suite / MAIN room - day b&amp ; B 's fight escalate . butt - head pick up a lamp and throw it at beavis . it hit the wall and shatter . beavis charge butt-head . int . dallas ' suite / other room - day Dallas be lick a piece of thread . she quickly and expertly thread a needle and then start to sew the electronic device into the inside back of beavis ' pants . she suddenly wrinkle she nose as if she have smell something . she hold the pants up to the light . Inside , the shadow of the unit . int . dallas ' suite / MAIN room - day b&amp ; B fight wildly . Dallas enter and clear she throat . b&amp ; B freeze . full on dallas , pose sexily , seductive . dallas do not wear yourselves out , boy . save some energy for I . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . butt-head this be it , beavis . huh huh . we be finally gonna score . beavis heh heh . thank God . dallas I be gonna do it with both of ya . b&amp ; B ( uncontrollable ) huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh . Dallas clear she throat to get they attention . and again . dallas ( sexy ) boy ... ( shout ) boy !!! silence . dallas ( cont . ) but first , you hafta do a little job for I . ( touch seductively ) would you like to do a job for I ? silence . they be in shock . dallas ( cont . ) here 's what it be . I want ya to take a bus to Washington , d.c . that 's all . and when ya get there , I will be waitin' . you be gonna make a whole lotta money . ( in they face ) and I be gonaa give you everything ! b&amp ; B ( near comatose ) huh huh huh huh huh huh huh . dallas until then ... ( toss beavis ' pants in he face ) keep you pants on . she look back to the window , now all business . dallas ( cont . ) ok guy , time to move out . int . HOTEL lobby / front door - day a.t.f. agent enter and spread out . we see several agent go up the stair . int . dallas ' room / doorway - day dallas remember , Washington , d.c . you will get more money than you ever dream of . and you will get I . she kiss they both seductively . dallas ( cont . ) ( urgent ) you bus be downstairs . get go . she shut the door , leave b&amp ; B outside . nearby , a may with she cart pass by . b&amp ; B stare , freeze for a beat , then go run for the elevator . angle around the corner , out of b&amp ; B 's view . just as the elevator door shut , dozen of federal agent with gun rush in and kick open Dallas ' door . ext . HOTEL / casino - day more fed and police enter . angle on b&amp ; B , walk past , oblivious to all else . as he walk away , beavis rub he butt . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh . butt-head this be gonna be cool . huh huh . they walk to the tour bus across the street . int . tour bus - day b&amp ; B walk down the aisle , beavis rub he butt . most seat be take by senior citizen . up ahead , two vacant seat . b&amp ; B fight to get in first . butt-head no way butt-hole ! I want the window . beavis cut it out butt-hole ! a voice why do not you take turn ? they turn . it 's martha , the woman from the plane , sit across the aisle . beavis hey , butt - head , it 's that slut from the plane ! martha why it 's you two . how would ya do in Vegas ? beavis uh , we do not score yet . martha sorry to hear that . I , I take a beat . butt -head cool , huh huh huh . martha that 's why I be buss it across America . I be so glad you be here . ( to man in next seat ) Jim , I want you to meet two nice boy . jim , a old guy , wake up and look over . martha ( cont . ) this be Travis and Bob ... what 's you last name , dear ? butt -head uh ... head ? huh huh . my first name 's butt . huh huh huh . jim please to meet ya , Mr. head . all the senior turn around to meet they . martha meet sylvia . and elloise and Sam . and ed. and doreen . butt-head be you guy slut too ? huh huh huh . ext . tour bus - day it take off . we pan back to the hotel as muddy arrive in a cab . int . hallway outside dallas ' room - day dramatic reveal of agent ryan flemming enter the hallway . he 's a a.t.f. honcho , powerful , hard - ass . look like a Oliver North - type . sound something like Fred Thompson . he walk with he assistant , agent bork and another agent . they find Dallas ' room and enter . int . dallas ' HOTEL room - day Dallas sit calmly , confident , as agent tear apart the room . flemming so , be you go to tell we where it be or be I go to have to have agent hurley over there give you another cavity search ? angle on agent hurley , a tough , stocky woman . dallas ooh be that a promise ? flemming look Mrs. scum , we know who you be . tell she bork . bork Dallas grime . married to muddy grime . you run a mom and pop arm smuggle ring . he toss she some photo of she and muddy . dallas oh , you get my bad side . bork hand flemming another file . flemming check it . flemming Three day ago you pull a job at the Army Research facility in hadley , nevada - where you steal ... ( read ) the X - 5 unit . now we happen to know you have the unit with you when you check in here , so why do not you be a good girl and tell we where it be . dallas you gonna charge I with anything ? ( pause ) I do not think so . you wanna let I go now or wait ' till my lawyer file a wrongful arrest . bork ( aside to flemming ) we get nothing , Chief . we tore the place apart . we can only legally hold she for another couple of hour . flemming ( aside to bork ) dammit ! ( slam fist down ) where 's that damn unit ??!! ext . hoover dam - day the bus park . int . tour bus - day b&amp ; B be excited . beavis heh heh . we be in Washington ! butt -head huh huh . we be gonna score now . martha actually , we be at the Hoover dam . martha walk on down the aisle . butt-head damn , huh huh . beavis yeah , heh heh . damn right ! they follow the senior out of the bus . beavis rub he butt . ext . the road - day Dallas drive by in a slick car . int . dallas ' car - day she adjust she rearview mirror to observe a fed car follow she . she smile . int . hoover dam - day b&amp ; B and the senior be on a tour through the giant basement . b&amp ; B talk and approach the hoover guide , speak nearby . beavis so , like , where be she ? butt -head ( look around ) yeah , really . hoover guide over 40 thousand cubic ton of concrete be use in the construction of the Hoover dam . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . hoover guide from top to bottom , this dam be 51 storey . beavis uh , huh huh , excuse I . be this a God damn ? b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh . they follow the tour into the next room . int . hoover dam / observation room - dusk a glass wall separate this from the master control room . there , two technician be on watch . bank of monitor show the water and pipe from various angle . b&amp ; B be the last in . beavis rub he aching butt . the guide be already speak . hoover guide ... generate over 6000 gigawatt of electricity , all pass through this control room . this way . the tour move on . butt-head this be dumb , let 's find that chick . beavis yeah , heh heh , enough 'a this crap . they walk back from where they come . through the glass wall , we see the two control room technician head out . beavis ( cont . ) check it out butt -head , tv ! butt -head cool ! huh huh huh . int . hoover dam / hall outside control room door - dusk SOUND of air compression as this secure door open . the two technician walk out . they walk away , not see that behind they , b&amp ; B approach the control room door . they enter just before the door close . SOUND of air compression lock . int . a.t.f. headquarters / flemming's office - dusk agent bork knock and enter . flemming talk to I , bork . bork Chief , we find a witness that say he see two teenager leave Dallas ' room shortly before we arrive . flemming do you give he a full cavity search ? bork ( confuse ) ah , the witness ? flemming yes . you can never be too careful bork . bork well sir , I do not really think it be necessary . you see we have a picture of they from the elevator security cam . here , have a look . tight on picture . a still of b&amp ; B laugh on the elevator . bork ( cont . ) they look like a couple of kid chief . flemming bork , do not you realize what kid today be capable of ? do not you read the papers ? suddenly the light blink on and off . all three man look up . int . hoover dam / control room - dusk we see a bank of tv monitor , video of water , turbine , etc . beavis be rub he butt against a switch on the console , cause the light to blink on and off . butt -head beavis , huh huh , what 'er you do ? beavis my butt 's bother I ! butt-head you should kick you butt 's ass . huh huh huh . butt - head look at the bank of monitor - all show water . butt -head ( cont . ) dammit , all they have be show about water . beavis that suck . heh heh . they need some show about fire ! Change the channel . butt -head uh ... butt - head start randomly hit control everywhere while beavis rub he butt against a computer keypad . tight on control : " Main Water release valve " . butt - head turn it . a alarm sound . beavis yeah , turn it up ! louder ! heh heh . int . dam door - dusk a alarm sound . giant door open , cause water to start to flood through the gate . int . hoover dam / control room - dusk butt - head press more button . his hand be near the biggest switch for : " master Station Control " . butt -head ( read sign ) uh ... mas ... ter ... huh huh . masturbation , huh huh . butt - head throw the switch . light go out . SOUND of generator grind to a halt . int . hoover dam / machine room - dusk machinery stop suddenly and large support beam break . a disaster . int . hoover dam / control room - dusk SOUND of twisted , grind metal , loud alarm . butt -head uh ... on one of the monitor , we see a small electrical fire . beavis yeah , fire ! Fire ! FIRE !!! ext . hoover dam - dusk the light go out . ext . vega strip - dusk in succession , one set of light after another go out . the famous strip go dark . int . a.t.f. headquarters / flemming's office - dusk the light go dead . flemming the hell 's go on ? int . hospital operating room / vega - dusk a surgeon just make a incision as the light go out . surgeon whoooooops . ext . campground - dusk marcy Anderson hammer the last peg in for they tent . Tom check the stew on the fire and look around . tom I will tell ya , it do not get any better than this . this here be God 's country . unspoil and ... a rumbling interrupt he . he and marcy turn to see : a wall of water , head for they . tom ( cont . ) aaaaghhh !!!... they be smashed by the flood . ext . hoover dam - dusk mass chaos . traffic jam . honk horn . people shouting . angle on b&amp ; B and the senior , about to get on the bus . butt-head that be boring . huh huh . beavis yeah , it 's just the same thing over and over again . butt-head uh ... we can not leave Washington ' till we find that chick . martha oh , we be a long way from Washington Bob . this be the Hoover dam . martha get on the bus . hold on b&amp ; B. beavis damn ! heh heh hmm heh . they get on the bus . int . vega HOTEL / casino - dusk mayhem . people scream in the dark . some steal chip and run . angle to side , where muddy have the concierge by the neck . concierge I swear , that 's all I know ! they get on that tour bus . it be probably head west . please ... muddy slam he against the wall and walk away . muddy I be gonna kill them ! ext . hoover dam - dusk the door close on the tour bus . it pull out and drive away . ext . side of road - dusk at she car , Dallas watch the bus from a distance , then lay down she binocular , satisfied . dallas you boy better show up . with a look at the fed car behind she , she get in she car and drive down a different road . ext . road - dusk the bus head off into the desert . dissolve to : ext . hoover dam - morning Police car everywhere . Fire engine . Reporters . News helicopter . disaster . several a.t.f. car pull up . flemming and several of he agent get out and head immediately for the dam . int . hoover dam / conference room - morning tight on a tv monitor . it show b&amp ; B at the Hoover dam control the eve before , shot on surveillance camera . Frame freeze . b&amp ; B look particularly stupid . reveal flemming 's there with he agent . flemming lean forward . flemming you see what I see , bork ? bork I see it . I do not get it . flemming you get half the state look for ya - how do you get away ? bork ( realize ) cut the power ! flemming damn right . bork , we be deal with real pro here . my opinion , terrorist ... what 's the scoop on that steal unit ? bork well , sir it 's not good . ( to a assistant ) Roll the tape ... the X - 5 unit be a new top -secret biological weapon , a manmade virus ... on monitor . the device that be put in back of beavis ' pants . bork ( cont . ) the deadly know to man . it could wipe out five state in five day . it can be activate by simply enter the right code . here 's what happen when it be test on a group of Army recruit ... on the monitor . Army recruit cough up black gunk , roll around in pain on stretcher , die . grotesque ( but funny ) . flemming Jesus jumped - up Christ ! if this be to fall into the wrong hand ... bork it get worse . the unit be not finish . it have a flaw - the case . if hit hard enough , it could break open , release the virus . a murmure through the room . flemming rise and hold up a picture of b&amp ; B . flemming okay people , as of right now this be the most dangerous man in America . I want this face in front of every fed and two - bit sheriff within a thousand mile . the order be dead or alive . let 's just pray that nothing hit that unit . int . tour bus - day tight on beavis ' butt , as butt-head kick it repeatedly . beavis ow ! cut it out butt -head . butt -head huh huh . get out of the way , beavis , I wanna sit by the window . huh huh . beavis ow ! I will kick you butt ! butt -head huh huh . you mean like this ? butt - head keep kick . angle on the driver up front . driver okay , people , next stop , Grand Canyon . he gun it . ext . tour bus - day it take off down the road . montage song begins . ( maybe White Zombie do something like , " bear to be Wild " ) insert : a red line snake across a map to Grand Canyon . ext . grand canyon - day gorgeous . we senior and other take picture and stare in awe . some hold hand . one cross herself . angle on b&amp ; B , nearby , also stare in awe . reveal they be watch a jackass take a dump . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh . beavis the poop 's come out of the ass of the ass . heh heh heh . butt -head huh huh . it 's come out of the ass , but it 's also come out of the ass of the ass . int . a.t.f. headquarters - day tight on photo of b&amp ; B , go out on the wire . int . a police station - day tight on cop get the photo off a machine . int . a post office - day tight on b&amp ; B 's photo as it 's pin to the wall . int . drive tour bus - day pan across senior show off picture of they grandchild . Pan stop on b&amp ; B show off the picture of Dallas to a senior . butt - head do the " finger - in-hole " fornication gesture as they laugh suggestively . ext . side of road - day flemming read a map strewn on he hood . he turn to bork to give order . bork repeat they into he radio . several car pull out . insert : a red line snake across a map to Utah . ext . salt lake CITY - day martha and the senior pose in front of a classic Salt Lake City view . a sign nearby read " welcome to Salt Lake City . " reverse angle show b&amp ; B , take they picture . p.o.v. of camera show butt -head 's hand cover half the lens . framing be crooked and way off . click and freeze . ext . side of highway - day Middle of nowhere . confused , martha be take a picture . reverse angle show b&amp ; B , pose by the road sign : bag , Wyoming . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . p.o.v. of camera , show b&amp ; B laugh . insert : a red line snake across the map to Wyoming . cross -dissolve between the bus and the sight it pass : ext . flaming gorge , wyoming - day a classic view of a powerful gorge . reverse show the tour bus drive by . martha and the senior rush to the window to stare in awe . ext . grand teton , wyoming - day a classic view of the huge peak . reverse show the tour bus drive by . more senior rush to the window to see . ext . yellowstone park , wyoming - day a spectacular view of Yellowstone Lake and the Rockies . reverse show the tour bus . senior stare in awe . pan over to another window . b&amp ; B press they bare asse against the window . ext . yellowstone / old faithful - day montage song end . a ranger / guide stand in front of the senior talk about the geyser . b&amp ; B be towards the front , off to one side . ranger ( a la Carl sagan ) there be over two hundred active geyser in Yellowstone Park alone . Old faithful here be one of the large . during a eruption the water can reach as high as two hundred foot !... butt -head so ? ranger ( ignore butt -head ) it shoot out over twelve thousand gallon of water in a single eruption ... beavis that 's not that much . butt -head yeah really . let 's get outta here beavis . huh huh huh . this suck . b&amp ; B walk off as the flustered ranger lead the senior to some bench where they wait for the geyser to erupt . ext . yellowstone / old faithful - later the geyser erupt . the senior watch in sheer awe . martha it 's ... incredible ...! int . visitor CENTER / men' bathroom - day b&amp ; B stare ahead in similar awe . butt -head it 's incredible !... huh huh huh . reveal they be stand before the urinal . butt - head move to the side , trip a motion detector which make the urinal automatically flush . beavis whoa ! that 's amazing ! heh heh heh . they start move from urinal to urinal , cause all to flush . ext . old faithful / parking area - day the bus idle . the last senior climb aboard . the driver look around impatiently . he check he watch . driver I can not wait forever . int . old faithful / ranger's office - day the ranger / guide enter and check off a chart on a bulletin board near b&amp ; B 's " want " photo . suddenly the guide see b&amp ; B 's photo , then , out the window , the bus close its door and pull away . ranger oh my God ! the guide pick up the phone . int . visitor CENTER / men' room - day b&amp ; B go back and forth , " play " the urinal , pass hand , head , whole body in front of the motion detector . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh . finally , butt - head pause . butt-head this be the coolest thing I have ever see . ext . side of a road - day flemming be on the radio . bork run up . bork Chief , we get them ! they're on a senior citizen tour bus go east on I - 40 . ext . old faithful / parking lot - day b&amp ; B get on a bus that look completely different than the tour bus . int . different bus - day tight on b&amp ; B. butt - head look around . butt-head uh ... be this the right bus ? beavis you mean there 's mre than one ? a wider shot reveal it 's a bus full of nun . b&amp ; B look around and see this . butt -head huh huh huh . hey beavis . we be on a bus with chick . beavis heh hmm heh heh . butt - head turn to the nun next to he . butt-head hey , baby . the nun look disturb as the bus take off . ext . i- 40 / side of the road - day the tour bus be stop . like p.o.w. 's , the senior stand with hand on head . Agents search the bus . angle on line of senior . flemming walk nearby and be tell : bork they be not on the bus . flemming look the senior over . flemming ( be : senior ) this people know something . I want full cavity search . everyone . go deep on them . hurley and two agent grab the nearest senior and drag he away . flemming ( cont . ) I tell you bork , this guy be smart . damn smart . they be probably a hundred mile away by now . behind flemming , a agent wave on traffic include b&amp ; B 's new bus . as it pull past , b&amp ; B hang b.a.' . flemming do not see . montage song begins : insert : a red line snake through a map , pretty much retrace the route b&amp ; B take north . down into Utah . int . bus - day a nun strum a guitar and sing . butt-head head -bang . the nun around look uneasy . nearby another nun read the Bible to beavis . beavis hey , butt - head , this book kick ass ! there 's this talk snake and a naked chick and then this dude put a leaf on he schlong ! heh heh heh . the nun next to beavis be disgust . insert : a red line snake down through Colorado . one of the nun be try to teach b&amp ; B the sign of the cross . butt-head move he hand down , up , leave and then swing he hand to the far right smacking beavis . int . roadside restaurant - day sitting before a long table , the nun close they eye and pray , hand clasped together . pan the row to b&amp ; B who 's hand be clasped together and interlocked as they do the incredibly juvenile ' peek at the vagina ' trick . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . insert : a red line snake through a map to rancho taos , New Mexico . ext . mission of ST . francis of assisi church - day a beautiful old adobe-style church . nun exit the bus , excited , follow by b&amp ; B who look around . the nun walk into a visitor center . b&amp ; B walk right into the church . int . church - day in a wide shot we see b&amp ; B walk in , look around and head for the confession booths . beavis check it out butt -head , porta-potty . butt-head cool , huh huh . b&amp ; B each enter a confession booth on the priest 's side . int . ST . francis church - later wide EST . shot show that a confessional service have begin . int . ST . francis church / confession booth - day we see a man nervously confess . this seem difficult for he . man ( about to cry ) forgive I Father for I have sin . I , ...i ... I sleep with a woman , and ... from the priest 's side of the confessional we hear butt-head . the man can not see he . butt -head ( o.s. ) huh huh huh , really ? be she naked ? man well , yes Father . please forgive I . I ... butt -head ( o.s. ) cool , huh huh huh . could you like , see she boob ? angle inside another confessional man # 2 ( confuse ) how many hail mary ? beavis ( o.s. ) a thousand ! yeah , heh heh hmm . and I want you to hit yourself . right now ! man # 2 now ?! beavis ( o.s. ) yeah ! heh heh hmm heh . do it ! from outside the confession booth , we hear the sound of a smack . beavis ( o.s./ cont . ) harder ! heh heh . again ! heh heh . you need to straighten up ! ext . ST . francis church - day as b&amp ; B board the bus they be struck by lightning . insert : a red line snake further down into Arizona . ext . petrified forest visitor's CENTER - day this establish . int . petrified forest visitor's CENTER - day b&amp ; B stare at a exhibit , rivete . the nun watch they . a recording play . recording ( v.o. ) welcome to the petrify Forest . the world 's large site of petrify wood . b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh wood . the mother Superior make a signal the other nun be wait for . they all rush back to the bus , leave b&amp ; B behind . recording ( v.o. ) you may wonder , how can wood get so hard ? b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . through the window , we see the bus drive away . angle on a old ranger behind a counter , look at b&amp ; B . he see they a.t.f. photo nearby and reach for a phone . ext . petrified forest visitor's CENTER - day montage song end . b&amp ; B step outside . nearby , a tourist car pull up . beavis hey , where would that chick go ? butt-head uh ... I think you scared they off . beavis this suck . what be we do here ? be not we suppost 'a go to Washington and score or something ? from the car , a tourist couple head into the building . butt -head ( to couple ) uh , do you know where Washington be ? tourist man yeah , ' bout 2000 mile that way . he point to the desert , then continue into the building . butt -head cool . huh huh huh . b&amp ; B walk off into the desert . ext . petrified forest tourist CENTER - later the place be crawl with a.t.f . flemming walk out with bork and the old ranger . flemming do not see which way they go . do not see they vehicle . I do not suppose you try to stop they ? old ranger the most dangerous guy in America ? not I , sonny . I make nine dollar a hour . flemming National security be the responsibility of every american . bork ... bork cavity search ...? flemming deep and hard . Agents lead the old Ranger away . flemming ( cont . ) they be not gonna get away this time . I want roadblock . every road outta here for two hundred mile . ext . road - day in montage shot : a.t.f. agent put up roadblock . Agents load gun . Agents pile up sandbag and prepare for battle . ext . desert - day wide shot . a wasteland . scorch desert hear . b&amp ; B , small in frame , look lose . they be parched , weak . beavis this suck . it 's all hot and stuff . butt-head this desert be stupid . they need to put a drink fountain out here . beavis yeah or like a Seven - eleven or something ... be we almost there ? butt-head uh , probably like , another five minute or something . angle from overhead . lose , alone , b&amp ; B wobble like they have not long to live . overhead , vulture circle . angle on b&amp ; B , exhaust , spend . stare ahead , butt - head suddenly see something . butt -head ( cont . ) whoa ! check it out ! beavis clear he eye and see it too . b&amp ; B yes ! yes ! huh huh huh . excite , save , they rush weakly forward . b&amp ; b's p.o.v. reveal they rush to : a giant big screen tv . beavis turn it on ! turn it on ! as they get closer it disappear - just a mirage . butt -head uh ... beavis dammit !!!! dammit !!!! angle on SUN , brighten . the frame white out . ext . roadblock - day Cars be back up into the horizon . the car up front be wave on . up next : Tom and marcy . a agent step over and show the picture of b&amp ; B . tom something wrong , Officer ? agent Sir , we be look for this two fugitive . anderson squint to see . he p.o.v. reveal the photo out of focus . anderson why I will be dange . it 's that boy be whackin ' off in my camper ... agent you see this two ? anderson I sure do . they be whackin ' off in my tool shed . then whackin ' off in my camper . I never see so much whackin ' off . the agent step back and shout into he walkie-talkie : agent Blue de this be post nine ! I have positive id !! ( to Tom ) Sir , I be gonna have to ask you and you wife to step out of the vehicle . anderson well you see , I and the missus be on we way to Washington . we get this schedule ... the agent pull he gun and order : agent now !!!! ext . side of highway / just off roadblock - day a bit later . Agents swarm over Tom 's camper , turn everything upside , pull out dish , trash everything . tom ( furious ) now wait right there . you be deal with a veteran of two foreign war . they be the one be whack off . if I find anything break in there , you and I be gonna tangle ! a a.t.f. agent smashes the micro on the ground and sift through the piece . nearby , flemming and hurley watch . flemming ( appal ) masturbate in a man 's camper ! we be deal with two sick individual . I want that camper tear apart , full cavity search all around . SNAP ! sfx as agent hurley put on she rubber glove and lead Tom and marcy away . agent bork run up to flemming . bork Chief - just come in ! two day ago , Express Airways have a disturbance by someone call himself - cornholio . guess who match the description ? he hold up a police sketch of cornholio . flemming walk to a nearby chopper . SOUND of engine revving . other follow . flemming finally , a real break . get I that flight 's point of origin . we be gonna kick some ass . ext . desert - day b&amp ; B walk along in the scorching heat . ahead of they they see a dumb guy and a dumber guy with motorcycle park . they be try to start a camp fire , laughing . dumb guy ( to b&amp ; B ) uh , hey . one of you kid get a match ? butt -head ( dehydrated ) uh , my butt and you ...uh , butt . int . b&amp ; b's home - day peaceful . empty . suddenly dozen of a.t.f. agent break in , gun ready , search every corner . they tear it apart . ext . b&amp ; b's town / street - day Agents rush down the business street . people be in a panic . it 's like a invasion . angle on elite motor lodge - on b&amp ; b's tv set as agent rush by , knock it over with a crash . int . van driessen' CLASS - day guitar in hand , Van driessen sing : van driessen she fly so gracefully , over rock , tree and sand . soaring over cliff and gently float down to land . she proudly lift she voice to sound she mate call . and soon she mate respond by sing ... " caw , caw , caw . " come with I , lesbian seagull . settle down and rest with I ... suddenly dozen of a.t.f. agent crash into the room . the door bashes in , knock Van driessen down hard and crush he guitar . flemming enter . behind he , mcvicker . mcvicker uh...uh ... uh that 's he . he 's they teacher . van driessen what 's go on here ? flemming I will ask the question . be this you student ? he show a picture of b&amp ; B. van driessen I assume you be a government agent . I would think you would know there 's something in this country call due process . flemming that 's about the kind of talk I would expect from the guy who teach this two . take this scum away . van driessen I believe I be suppose to be read my miranda rights ... a agent interrupt , punch Van driessen in the gut . he 's take away . flemming turn menacingly to mcvicker . mcvicker I ...i ... I always know they be no good . I ... I ... I hate they ! flemming ( to mcvicker ) you have be harbor two criminal mastermind ! bork rush up to flemming with a paper . bork Chief , you know that guy whose camper they be whack off in ? flemming ( appal ) bork ! you be a federal agent . you represent the United States government ... never end a sentence with a preposition . try again . bork oh , ah ... you know that guy in whose camper they ... I mean that guy off in whose camper they be whack ? flemming that 's better . yes ? bork we have run a sample through the National criminal sperm Bank and come up with two possible genetic match for a father . ( hold up photo ) tight on photo . it 's the dumb guy and dumber guy from the desert . bork ( o.s./ cont . ) former motley crue member turn drifter . flemming take the paper and march off . other follow . dissolve to : ext . desert - night b&amp ; B and the dumn abd dumber guy be sit around a campfire . the Dumb guy look like a older , more stupid , version of butt - head . the dumber guy be a couple of evolutionary scale down from beavis . they relationship be a exaggerated version of b&amp ; b's . butt -head be stare at the Dumb guy in admiration . beavis , like the dumber guy , appear to be just stare at the fire , hypnotize . Dumb guy be eat spaghetti out of a can . butt -head you be a roadie for motley crue ? dumb guy ( mouth full ) yup . huh huh . beavis Fire . dumb guy here 's another true story . about fifteen year ago , we stop in this , uh , toilet , call highland ... butt -head really ? that 's where we be from . dumb guy well , then you know what I be talk about . anyway , here 's the story . I score with this two chick . true story . butt-head you score with two chick ?! dumb guy ( spaghetti dribble from mouth ) yeah , they be slut . huh huh huh . dumber guy ih hih hih hih hih hih . Dumb guy punch dumber guy in the head with a close fist . dumb guy shut up , dumb -ass ! you do not score . I score with both of they ... butt-head uh , do you think this two slut still live in highland ? that would be cool . dumb guy ( after take another big bite ) hey , you wanna see something really cool ? huh huh huh . Dumb guy get up , turn he butt towards the fire and start to drop he pants . ext . desert / long shot - continuous the campfire be in the distance , middle of nowhere . a flatulant sound be hear . suddenly , a big beautiful purple and orange fireball erupt , lighting up the sky . b&amp ;b/ dumb guy / dumber guy ( o.s. ) huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh . beavis ( o.s. ) Fire . ext . desert - morning b&amp ; B wake up . the Dumb guy and dumber guy be go . the sun be scorching . b&amp ; B inch forward - spend , dehydrated , near death . angle on ground as b&amp ; B collapse into frame . butt - head look up at the sun , squinting . butt -head ( barely alive ) the sun suck . a vulture pick at beavis ' shirt . beavis smack the vulture . beavis ( to the vulture ) cut it out butt-hole ! the vulture move revealing a peyote cactus . beavis look at it . beavis ( cont . ) hey butt - head , be not there suppose to be like , water in cactuse ? butt -head ( semiconscious ) uh ... beavis take a bite of the cactus , chew and then cough . butt -head ( cont . ) ( see something ) hey beavis , check it out . in front of b&amp ; B : two vulture start humping . b&amp ; B ( struggle to laugh ) huh huh huh ( cough ) huh huh ( cough ) . ext . roadblock - day start on SUN - over b&amp ; B ? reveal it 's over muddy who look at a picture of b&amp ; B hold by a a.t.f. agent . muddy no , I can not say I have see them . I sure hope it 's safe to drive around here . cop do not worry , sir . just stick to the main road . if they be around , they be probably hide out in the desert . muddy that 's good to know , Officer . muddy take off with a smile and turn off onto a side road . ext . desert - later b&amp ; B barely crawl forward . butt - head stop , then beavis . they be barely able to talk . beavis hey butt - head , be we gonna die ? butt-head uh , probably , huh huh ... whoa , I think my life be like , flash in front of my eye ! butt -head' vision . through time - lapse dissolves we see he sit on he couch with beavis , laugh like a idiot in the exact same position at age 2 , 5 , 7 , 10 , 13 . butt-head whoa , my life be cool ! tight on beavis : beavis uh ... I think I be see something too . it 's like a really long time ago ... beavis ' vision : beavis as a sperm cell swim through a uterus . it 's a sperm cell with the face of beavis on it . beavis / sperm yeah , heh heh . this be gonna be cool . beavis / sperm swim over to the egg . with its own tail the beavis / sperm start pick its nose . beavis / sperm ( cont . ) hey , how 's it goin ' ? heh heh heh . several other sperm charge in , knock beavis into the egg . his conception look like a dumb accident . back on beavis : beavis yeah , heh heh I score . animate bubbles appear around beavis ' head . beavis ( cont . ) hey butt - head , I be start to feel weird . I think I be freaking out . butt -head huh ? huh huh . beavis whoa , this be cool ! heh heh . it 's like , everything look all weird and ... beavis ' p.o.v. of butt - head : his face start to warp and color start shifting . beavis ( cont . ) ...and ... whoa !... and it 's like there 's all this weird shape and it 's sort of like , ... it 's like ... like a music video !!! tight on beavis ' face stare in wonder . this be where the music video / hallucination sequence begins . it could even be so shameless as to actually have a chyron in the lower leave hand corner . I would like to have a band ( White Zombie ? ) do a version of something like , " Fire , " by the crazy World of Arthur Brown . this be the song that begin , " I be God of hellfire and I bring you ... fire ! " the concept of this will depend somewhat on which band we get , but I would like to see it get pretty wild and surreal . ( if it 's White Zombie , we could incorporate some of Rob Zombie 's artwork . ) beavis ' p.o.v.: we see the sun above the horizon turn into a giant ball of fire . the ball of fire develop a face and speak . FIRE I be God of hellfire and I bring you ... ( music begin ) Fire ... beavis whoa !!! this kick ass !!! this be the greatest video beavis have ever see . out of the ball of fire step a beautiful woman in a bikini . at first the video be mostly the God of hellfire , chick in bikinis and various image of b&amp ; B 's tv in all its glory . as the video / hallucination continue , it become a psychotic mass of naked people , fire , tvs , vulture , b&amp ; B head - bang , weird stuff from my high school notebook , etc . at one point we see the God of hellfire in a Burger World uniform . as the song wind down , we incorporate muddy 's car into the surreal imagery . ( we should also incorporate they tv , as well as maybe some of the character from the show that be not in the movie . ) then , we reveal muddy 's car actually pull up to b&amp ; B 's near - dead body . the song end as muddy toss water on b&amp ; B. reveal they be not far from the side of a road all along . b&amp ; B ahhhhghhhhgh ! b&amp ; B snap out of it . they rise and find muddy hover over they with a shotgun . beavis aagh ! I be all wet !... ( realize ) oh , cool . heh heh heh . Water . muddy aim he shotgun at b&amp ; B. muddy ah be gonna enjoy this . any last word b'fore ah kill ya ? b&amp ; B think . butt-head uh ... huh huh . I have a couple . butt cheek , huh huh huh . beavis yeah ! boob . heh heh . I just wanna say that again . boob . heh heh . muddy ah be gonna blow you both to hell ! butt-head cool , huh huh. ( realize ) hey beavis that 's that dude that 's pay we to do he wife . beavis oh yeah . can you just take we to Washington ? we be gonna meet she there and , you know , heh heh hmmm ... muddy Washington ! that 's where she be gonna meet up with ya ? ( realize ) damn , she 's goin ' all the way ! b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh huh . muddy lower the gun a bit . muddy you know , I just might need you after all . aw right , in the trunk . you be gonna help I get mah unit back . muddy pop it open . b&amp ; B climb in . muddy close the trunk on they and walk to the front of the car . hold on the trunk . butt -head ( o.s. ) Boy , it sure be hard to score . huh huh huh . muddy peel out . ext . highway - day a montage song begins . muddy drive by . insert : a red line snake through a map to Santa fe. dissolve to : ext . highway - day muddy 's car drive by . muddy hear b&amp ; B laugh from inside the trunk and turn up the radio to drow it out . insert : a red line snake through a map to Oklahoma City . dissolve to : ext . gas station - day muddy pump gas . from inside the trunk : beavis ( o.c. ) hey butt - head , look . a jack . heh heh . butt -head ( o.c. ) huh huh . Jack . huh huh . insert : a red line snake through a map to Little rock , Nashville and into Virginia up rt. 81 . ext . muddy car drive on highway - day angle outside muddy trunk . from within we hear : butt -head ( o.c. ) hey , beavis , check it out . I be jack off ! b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . pump up the jack , they cause the lid of the trunk to start to bend . suddenly , it pop open . b&amp ; B be a sweaty mess . they gasp . butt-head this suck . let 's get outta here . they look out . the road behind they race past at 80 mph . beavis stare dumbly . beavis uh , you first . butt -head c'mon , beavis , just start run really fast when you hit the ground . it will work . beavis okay . I will go right after you . butt - head shove beavis out of the car . beavis ( cont . ) ahhhhghghhghghgh ! beavis try to run , but hit the road and flip over and over - and smashes he butt . beavis ( cont . ) owwwwww , my butt !!!!!! his body stop in the middle of the road . a huge truck , about to hit he , swerve and jackknife over the side . behind the truck , several car screech to a halt , one smash into the other . angle on muddy trunk butt - head look at the road . butt -head huh huh huh huh huh . that be cool . angle on muddy tire . it hit a pothole . angle on butt - head , shoot out of the trunk , he grab onto the lid . he bounce against the road again and again . finally , he lose he grip as the lid to the trunk close . angle on butt - head , roll along the highway . a car , about to hit butt -head , screech to a halt . other car behind it smash and pile up . angle on road some way back . on Tom and marcy in they car . tom Boy , what I would not give for five minute alone with they two little bastard ... the car ahead of Tom crash into the car ahead of that . Tom crash into it . and the car behind crash into Tom . overhead angle show car and truck behind , crash , pile up . a massive pile -up . int . muddy car - day muddy do not notice the mess behind he . he drive on . montage song end ext . highway - day later . on medivac helicopter ; one landing , another take off . move to woman tv reporter , talk to camera : reporter authority be call this the worst highway disaster in the nation 's history ... int . a.t.f. headquarters / flemming's office - day flemming , bork , and about six other agent look at a map . behind they , a tv be on with the reporter continue . behind the reporter , b&amp ; B poke they head into frame at 45 degree angle , look like deer in the headlight . reporter ( cont . ) ... behind I , over 400 vehicle lay wreck or stick . no one know what cause it , but police have not rule out the possibility of terrorist . bork notice b&amp ; B on tv and tap flemming on the shoulder . flemming look . flemming well , I will be a blue - nose gopher . bork ( despair ) where do this guy come from ? flemming look at the big map which trace sighting of b&amp ; B across America . flemming the question be , where be they go . he look again at the tv . on the news , a story about ... reporter 2 ... set for 5:00 tomorrow when representative from around the world will meet in Washington for the first such peace conference ... flemming look back at the map , and then back at the tv . flemming what the hell ...? bork ! that bus we pick up . where be it headin' ? bork ( check papers ) D.C. , Chief . flemming ( realize ) Jesus jump - up ... bork , can you imagine what would happen if they set that thing off in we nation 's capital , or even worse , if they sell it to some damned foreigner at that conference . ( rise and put he fist down ) well , it 's not gonna happen ! ext . highway / crash site - day b&amp ; B walk along look at the wreckage . butt-head whoa , this kick ass ! huh huh huh . martha ( o.s. ) yoo-hoo ! Travis and Bob head . whoo-hoo ! the tour bus stand nearby . martha call from the window . beavis hey butt - head it 's that chick ! butt-head uh , oh yeah . cool . they can take we to Washington and we can finally score . b&amp ; B head into the bus . beavis yeah , heh heh . umm , be not Seattle in Washington ? heh heh ... ' cuz I be think maybe we could go see hole . butt -head yeah . we can go see hole and then we can get some hole . huh huh huh huh . insert : map . the red line snake right up to D.C. int / ext . tour bus - day intercut between the bus and the sight it pass : angle on the lincoln monument . angle on bus window . several senior press they face to see . angle on the WASHINGTON monument . angle on bus window . more senior rush to the window to see . angle on the capitol build . angle on bus window . b&amp ; B press they bare ass . ext . capitol - day the senior and b&amp ; B get off the bus . as soon as they be out of sight , Dallas drive up and see the Tour Bus . she smile to herself . int . capitol underground garage - day dark. isolate . Dallas pull up and get out of she car . suddenly , a voice : voice / muddy ' spectin ' someone ? Dallas wheel around . muddy 's get a gun on she . muddy ( cont . ) well , well . look at this . the love of my life . where have you be ? muddy move towards Dallas . she step back . dallas honey , I be gonna split it with you after I sell it , right down the middle . I swear . I just ... muddy sure you be . but now you do not have to go through all that bother . Dallas move seductively towards muddy . dallas come on muddy . whatd 'ya say we just forget about it and go get a room like old time ... muddy cock he gun . muddy I do not think so . where be it ? int . capitol - day b&amp ; B walk up to the information booth where a host make a announcement . host ( announce ) all Senators be request for a vote . all Senators be request for a vote . a bell accompany this announcement . host ( cont . ) ( to b&amp ; B ) can I help you ? beavis yeah , we be look for Washington . butt -head huh huh . we be gonna meet this chick with really big hooter . host sir , you be in Washington . beavis well where be she ?! butt -head could you , like , tell she we be ready to score ? host no ! just a moment ... she turn to the side to answer the phone . int . capitol / private panel room - day six Senators sit behind a panel . bob packwood testify across from they . senator thank you for return , Senator packwood , to help we understand how sexual harassment happen in this sacred institution . suddenly , SOUND of butt -head over the PA . butt -head ( v.o. ) uh ... attention , attention ! we be look for that chick with the big boob . beavis ( v.o. ) heh heh . we wanna do she now ! host ( v.o. ) hey ! gimme tha ... b&amp ; B ( v.o. ) huh huh huh huh huh . angle on packwood - smile . packwood huh huh huh huh huh . int . capitol / senate - day classic wide , overhead shot . SOUND of all Senators . senator huh huh huh huh huh . int . capitol underground garage - day muddy finish tie Dallas ' hand behind she back . he cross to he trunk . muddy you forget who yer dealin ' with , honey . ya see , I get you mule right here in my trunk and ... muddy pop the trunk . it 's empty . muddy ( cont . ) say what ?... I be gonna kill them !!! dallas no honey we be gonna kill them . Dallas , still tie up , start kissing muddy . he give in . ext . capitol - day angle on b&amp ; B get on the bus last . int . tour bus - day butt - head sit . beavis pause , still stand . beavis hey wait a minute . what 's go on ? why be we get back on the bus ? old guy it 's time to go son . beavis we can not leave ! we never meet that chick ! dammit !!! we be suppose to get some ! butt -head huh huh huh . settle down beavis . beavis oh yeah , ... I mean no . no ! I will not settle down ! not this time !... beavis be shaking , feed up . he deliver the speech of he life . beavis ( cont . ) dammit , this always happen ! I think I be gonna score and then I never score ! it 's not fair ! we have travel a hundred mile ' cause we think we be gonna score , but now it 's not gonna happen ! bus driver ( yell from he seat ) hey buddy , sit down ! now ! beavis shut up ! ( continue ) I be sick and tired of this ! we be never gonna score ! it 's just not gonna happen ! we be just gonna get old like this people , but they have probably score ! bus driver ( stand ) hey ! I be warning you ! sit down ! beavis it 's like this chick 's a slut ( motion to martha ) ... and look at this guy !... he 's old but he 's probably score a million time ! old guy ( nod in agreement ) ohh yeah . beavis but not we ! we be never gonna score ! we're never gonna score !!! aagghhhh !!! the bus driver tackle beavis . int . capitol / parking garage / muddy car - day in a tight shot , we see muddy and Dallas humping away in the back seat ( in a pg - 13 kind of way ) . we hear the sound of a door open . angle on flemming , bork and several agent looking down . flemming well look what we have here . you two make I sick ... Book them bork . dallas you do not have anything on we and you know it . flemming oh I do not huh ? how about lewd conduct ? maybe indecent exposure ?... here 's what 's gonna happen . one of you 's gonna make a deal and get I the unit . the other can spend the next sixty year in jail . muddy there you be wrong , boy . I and mah wife be back together and you will never ... dallas he steal the unit . Said he put it in some kid 's pants . muddy why you damn little ... he 's cuffed and drag away . int . tour bus - day the driver sit down and drive on . beavis be slightly beat up . martha reach into she purse , fill with prescription medication . martha now Travis , it do not do a body good to get all work up . here . this should help you relax . she hold up a box of nodrowz and squint at the label . martha do that say xanax ? beavis um , um , yeah , probably . heh heh . beavis take a couple , then start wolfing down the whole box . int . flemming be car - day flemming 's on the radio . bork check a tour guide . flemming ( to radio ) okay , boy and girl , we suspect be on a tour bus we believe to be head for ... ( check papers ) the White House ! jumpin ' Jesus ! I want everyone there . we people . local . order be shoot to kill . repeat ! shoot to kill ! bork Chief , I swear , we tore that bus apart . they could not have ... flemming bork , when this be all over , remind I to make you a appointment with agent hurley . ext . street of WASHINGTON - day all manner of police , a.t.f. , f.b.i. car speed along . ext . white house / tourist parking lot - day b&amp ; B and the senior walk from the bus to the White House . beavis be start to shake as he finish off the nodrowz . nearby , Anderson 's camper pull up . int . white house - day the senior and b&amp ; B be be lead on a tour . b&amp ; B in back . beavis be start to shake and make strange noise . as the tour move on , beavis stay behind . he go over to a coffee-serving cart sit outside a meeting room . he start wolfing down sugar cube . back on the tour : the tour be lead by a smile guide , sandy . sandy welcome to the White House . my name be Sandy , and I will be you tour guide . in case you do not know it , you have come on a very special day . today ... she point to the camera crew outside the window . ext . white house lawn - day on a news reporter , face camera . behind she , a large gather before a stage . reporter today , representative from around the world be gather at the White House for a historic global conference call : give peace a chance - or g-pac . ext . white house entrance - day a.t.f. , Police and f.b.i. car arrive . int . white house tour - day the tour stand in the East room . sandy this be the East room . many of the portrait you see be save from the fire set by the british in 1814 ... beavis be shaking , babbling , stare at he fist , etc . beavis heh heh . fire. heh heh aaaaeeehhhhg !!! butt -head what 's you problem beavis ? sandy ... the site for the White House be choose by President Washington and Pierre L'Enfant ... beavis now have he T-shirt pull over he head and be pace around and babbling . he 's too loud now for Sandy to ignore . beavis l'enfentatta tiitatta for my bunghole ! sandy Sir , be you okay ? beavis be you threaten I ?! I be cornholio ! sandy Sir , maybe you should wait out in the lobby . beavis / cornholio wander off , mutter . beavis / cornholio in thees lobby , wheel there be t.p.? ext . white house - day on flemming and the head secret service guy - argue . flemming you do not understand . National security be at stake here . we must evacuate . secret service guy not without proper authorization . int . white house - day a group of foreign dignitary be be lead through the hallway on a tour . two of they chat in Spanish . we see beavis come down the hall in the opposite direction . dignitary # 1 El presidente es un gringo muy gordo , no ? dignitary # 2 si. they pass beavis babbling - riffing off they Spanish . beavis / cornholio gr-r-ringo ! Burrito ! r-r-anddatattta !! beavis turn around and stop . beavis / cornholio ( cont . ) I be cornholio ! I need t.p. for my bunghole ! heh heh heh . the group continue down the hall , ignore beavis . beavis / cornholio ( cont . ) ( humble ) would you like to see my bunghole ? beavis leave . int . white house / corridor of president - day Tom and marcy Anderson gaze at a portrait of eisenhower . tom ( sotto ) where be ya when we need ya ike ... ( to marcy ) I tell ya what , honey , with all we be through , it do not change a thing . I say it before and I will say it again . this be the great country on earth ... beavis / cornholio wander by behind they . Tom turn to look . tom' blurry p.o.v. : we see beavis / cornholio wander down the hall babbling . tom ( adjust he glass ) say , that look like ... Nah , it could not be . int . white house / another part of the hallway - day beavis come around a corner and stop at a portrait of Nixon . angle on portrait . Nixon do classic victory pose - peace sign with both hand up . angle on beavis . his hand also up in the cornholio pose . he stare for a beat , then : beavis / cornholio be you threaten I ?!... I be cornholio ! beavis wander off . int . PRESS room - day the press secretary be give a conference . the room be pack with reporter . PRESS secretary yes , the president do plan to speak today at the g- pac conference . reporter ( raise hand ) Mr. Secretary ! Mr. Secretary ! what about the rumor that a biological weapon have be steal and smuggle out of the country at this conference . Mr. Secretary ! secretary that rumor be entirely unfounded ... while this go on : through a doorway in the back of the room , we see beavis wander out of frame and then come back in . he start wolfing down more sugar cube from a coffee serve cart . beavis I be the great cornholio . I be a gringo ... ext . white house - day in montage shot : a.t.f. and secret service agent argue . several s.w.a.t. truck pull up . s.w.a.t. team guy jump out of truck and load gun . int . white house tour - day the tour stand in a giant , elegant dining room . sandy this be the State dining room where the most powerful world leader be entertained . butt-head uh , where 's the tv ? huh huh huh . hey beavis , ... beavis ? butt - head wander off . butt -head ( cont . ) this house suck . int . hallway outside of oval office - day a secret service guard be talk on radio / phone . guard evacuation ?... probably just another bomb threat or something ... ok . the guard walk off down the hallway , leave he post . from the other end of the hallway we see beavis / cornholio enter , still babbling . int . white house / oval office - day beavis wander in and find no one around . he shout in frustration . beavis / cornholio I be the great cornholio ! heh heh . you will cooperate with my bunghole ! he pick up the red phone and press the button again and again . int . strategic AIR command - day the war room . a lieutenant pick up the red phone . a title come up : strategic AIR command . lieutenant yes , Mr. President . beavis / cornholio ( on phone ) I be meester President ! I have no bunghole ! I be cornholio ! lieutenant Mr. President , I can not make out what you be say . beavis / cornholio ( on phone ) bungholio ! presidente ! I need teepee ! a general come by . lieutenant ( to general ) Sir , the President sound strange . something 's go on . I do not think it 's a drill . general Washington may be under attack . go to defcon 4. angle on lieutenant's hand , move to push a button . alarm sound . angle on big map . a sign flash : defcon 4 . Soldiers run through frame . ext . white house - day the senior , along with other tourist and dignitary be escort out of the building . int . white house corridor - day a.t.f. agent rush by . we hold here after they go . butt - head walk by , unaware . butt - head walk around and open a door . the door to chelsea clinton be room . Inside , she 's fold clothes . ( note : if Clinton be not reelected , the shot will be wider , revealing she 's pack a suitcase ) butt -head ( excited ) whoa ! huh huh uh , ... ( suave ) hey , baby . huh huh , I notice you have brace . so do I , huh huh . ext . white house - day we hold on a wide shot of the back of the White House for a beat . then : we see butt - head come crashing out of a second -story window - throw by chelsea . he land deep in the bush below . angle on the bush . butt -head huh huh huh . that be cool . we see butt - head slowly emerge from the bush . he look up , suddenly see : dozen of a.t.f . agent surround he , rifle train . butt -head ( awestruck ) this be the coolest thing I have ever see . flemming step up . flemming alright , where 's the unit ? butt-head uh , in my pants ? bork and other quickly frisk butt-head . bork not on he , Chief . flemming agent hurley ... hurley step forward . flemming ( cont . ) ... I want you to give this scumbag a cavity search . I be talk roto-rooter . do not stop ' till you reach the back of he tooth . butt - head be lead away . int . oval office - day beavis be on the red phone . he go through the President 's drawer . lieutenant ( on phone ) Mr. President , the bomber be scramble . Sir , we be await you final order . beavis / cornholio I order you to surrender you t.p.! int . strategic AIR command - day the General grab the phone from the Lieutenant . general gimme that ! ( to phone ) Mr. President , in the name of all that be holy , I must have that launch code ! beavis / cornholio ( on phone ) be you threaten I ? bungholio ! click . beavis hang up . int . white house / oval office - day beavis walk out of the oval Office . beavis / cornholio presidente bungholio ! you will cooperate with my bunghole ! int . a.t.f. van - day hurley step out of a van to speak with flemming and bork . she pull off a long glove that go almost to she shoulder . butt - head sit , dishevel . butt-head uh , huh huh , do I just score ? hurley he 's clean , chief . flemming the other guy must have it . he 's gotta be in here somewhere . ( be : butt - head ) bring he . flemming , bork and the other agent take off . int . white house - day in the main reception area , beavis be surround by a few foreign dignitaries who try to make sense of what he be say . dignitary # 1 que es un " bunghole " ? que lengua es ? arabigo ? dignitary # 2 De donde ere tu ? beavis / cornholio arabigo ? I be the great cornholio . I have no bunghole . where I come from there be no t.p . a White House representative come up . he assume beavis be with the dignitary . representative I be terribly sorry for the inconvenience gentleman , but we be go to have outside for a moment . follow I please . he lead they out , include beavis who continue to babble . beavis / cornholio you can run but you can not hide from the almighty bunghole ! heh heh hmm . ext . white house - day beavis / cornholio and the dignitary be escort out . beavis , unnotice , keep walk . beavis , walk along stop . he see something . beavis / cornholio aaaaahh ... on beavis ' p.o.v. across the street , we see what beavis be look at : anderson's camper . angle on beavis . he take the picture of Dallas out of he pocket . tight on the picture of Dallas . tight on Anderson 's camper . tight on beavis . beavis / cornholio ( cont . ) aaaahh , heh heh ... beavis look alternately at the camper and the picture a couple of time , and then walk across the street . beavis / cornholio ( cont . ) booi ! ptang ptang ! wagh -hah !!! beavis go into Anderson 's camper and shut the door . a secret service agent walk by , just miss beavis . int . white house / corridor of president - day Tom and marcy enjoy a moment . tom Boy I tell ya what , it really make ya proud . I could stay here all day . a a.t.f. agent come up and interrupt Tom . agent Sir , I be gonna have to ask you to leave ... tom now wait just a minute ... agent now ! nearby , flemming and bork be show the police sketch of cornholio to Sandy and question she . bork see Anderson walk by from a distance . bork say chief , be not that guy whose camper , ... I mean , off in whose ... flemming ( irritate ) not now bork . ext . anderson's camper - day from inside the camper we hear the strangest cornholio sound yet . angle on the front of the camper . Tom and marcy walk up . tom I tell ya what honey , this country 's goin ' to Hell in a handbasket . they get in the front . Tom adjust the side- view mirror . tom ( cont . ) I be gonna go over right now and talk to my Congressman about this ... tom be p.o.v. : in the side - view mirror we see the camper shaking and hear beavis / cornholio . beavis / cornholio ( o.s. ) ooooaaaaaghhh !!! whack -awhack -aaaaghh !!! tom what the hell ?... wait here a minute ... Tom get out and go into the camper . hold on the camper door . Tom throw beavis / cornholio out the door . beavis be in he underwear with he T-shirt still pull over he head . tom ( cont . ) and if I ever catch ya whackin ' in here again I be gonna hog - tie ya ! ( to himself ) now I gotta straighten up in here . Tom go back in the camper . beavis / cornholio you have offended my bunghole ! ext . white house - day bork report to flemming . butt - head be hold by two agent . bork we just clear all four floor . no sign of he . flemming damn ! where the hell be he ? we should have find he by now . bork see something . it 's beavis , about a hundred yard away . bork Chief , look ! flemming ( pick up radio ) attention all unit . we have get he . he 's in front of a camper in the visitor 's lot . ext . outside anderson's camper - day beavis stand , T-shirt still over he head . suddenly , dozen of agent surround he , point gun at he . beavis seem oblivious to the danger . beavis / cornholio I be the great cornholio ! I will lay waste to you bunghole ! heh heh . behind the agent , flemming approach and give order . flemming ok , nobody shoot . he could still have the unit on he . keep you distance . we do not wanna take a chance on hit it . bork where be he pants ? flemming who know ? beavis reach to scratch he butt . Agents step back , cautious . flemming pick up a bullhorn and address beavis . flemming ( cont . ) this be agent flemming , a.t.f .. we will not hurt you . we just want the unit . tell we where the unit be . beavis / cornholio do you have t.p.? t.p. for my bunghole ? flemming we will get you whatever you want . ( to agent ) get that other kid . we might need he . beavis / cornholio do you have any oleo ? heh heh . bork ( on a radio ) this be bork . we need some t.p. and some ... ( to flemming ) what 's he say ? angle behind agent . butt - head be bring in by two agent . butt-head whoa , this rule ! can I have a gun too ? huh huh huh . on beavis . he continue to babble , make the agent nervous . beavis / cornholio you must bow down to the almighty bunghole . ( beavis ) heh heh , this be cool . ( cornholio , chant ) bungholio-o-o-o-o-o! flemming ( to bork ) he 's jerkin ' we off . I think we be gonna have to take he out . get ready to fire on my order ... ( on bullhorn ) this be you last chance . give we the unit now ... beavis / cornholio ( beavis ) why do everyone wanna see my schlong ? ( cornholio , chant ) I be the one- and-only - almighty - bungholiooo ! flemming ( to agent ) ok boy . get ready to fire on the count of three . ( on bullhorn ) I be gonna give you three second ... angle on agent take aim , cock they gun . flemming ( cont . ) ( on bullhorn ) one ... angle on beavis , chant . beavis / cornholio cornholio-o-o-o-o... angle on butt-head . butt-head uh , huh huh huh . flemming ( on bullhorn ) ... two ... beavis / cornholio ...o-o-o-eieee-ooooeeeooooo ... flemming ( on bullhorn ) thrr ... suddenly Tom Anderson throw open he camper door , hold beavis ' pants . tom and take yer damn pants with ya ...! ( notice ) what in the hell ...? bork ( point ) the pant !!! he 's get the unit ! suddenly all gun be on Anderson . flemming ( through bullhorn ) Drop the pants ! now ! tom wait a minute . I be not the one ... in slow motion : a s.w.a.t. team guy lunge at Tom , grab the pants . Tom pull away , cause the pants to rip . the unit goe flying . a frozen moment . slow motion . tight on the unit . tight on face in the crowd . tight on the unit . tight on flemming . tight on butt -head , laughing in slow motion - oblivious . tight on the unit , falling , falling . it hit butt - head head , bounce and fall into he hand . the agent all stare at butt -head - quiet , not sure what to do . butt - head hand it to flemming , nonchalant . butt-head uh , here ya go . huh huh huh . the crowd cheer . on anderson's camper . Tom be handcuff roughly . tom now wait just a minute ... a agent come out of the camper with the picture of Dallas . bork grab it and show it to Tom . bork how do you explain this ? flemming approach Tom . flemming sooo , use two innocent teenager as pawn in you sick game , huh ? tom I do not know what the hell ... flemming ( disgust ) take he away . Anderson be drag away past a group of young , boy -scout type who shake they head in shame . angle on beavis and butt-head be interview by a reporter . beavis be in he underwear . Tom be be drag away in the background . beavis I always think there be something wrong with he . heh heh heh . butt -head yeah , he have a lot of problem . huh huh huh . beavis yeah , and um , he use to hit I too . butt -head ( lean towards camera ) uh hey , do anyone wanna see my unit ? b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh huh . dissolve to : ext . white house - day later . establish . most a.t.f. car be pull out . int . white house / oval office - day b&amp ; B sit as flemming pace in front of they . beavis be no longer cornholio . flemming I gotta admit , I do not believe it . I think you be scum . but you save more life today than you will ever know . you lead we to one of the sickest criminal in we history . this country owe you a debt . butt-head uh , do that mean , like , we be gonna get money and stuff ? beavis yeah , and chick ! we be suppose to score . flemming for security reason , you action will have to remain top secret . but someone very special want to give he thanks . flemming motion to the big chair . the president swivel around and rise to shake hand with b&amp ; B . president beavis and butt-head . on behalf of all you fellow Americans , I extend my deep thanks . you exemplify a fine new crop of young Americans who will grow into the leader of this great country . butt -head huh huh huh . he say crap . huh huh . beavis heh heh . this guy 's cool . president in recognition for you great service , I be appoint you honorary agent in the Bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearm . butt-head whoa , huh huh !!! the President hand they citation . butt -head ( cont . ) you hear that , beavis ! we be gonna get alcohol , tobacco and gun ! beavis yeah , maybe some chick too . heh heh . b&amp ; B leave the office , mutter . butt -head cigarettes and beer rule ! huh huh . beavis yeah ! we be with the bureau of cigarettes and chick ! we be gonna score ! b&amp ; B huh huh huh huh huh . ext . airport near b&amp ; b's hometown - day a plane land . int . plane / door - day as before , the flight crew stare in horror and silence as b&amp ; B deplane . butt-head uh ... bye-bye . beavis heh heh . bye bye . heh heh . ext . elite motel lodge bar - day walk home , b&amp ; B pass the motel . they notice the sign for big screen tv . they stop and look at it . butt-head you know what else suck ? we never even get a tv . on beavis , see something , amaze , ecstatic . beavis heh mmm , hey mmm butt -head ! look ! heavenly music . b&amp ; B stare at the wonder before they . angle on there tv , mangle , partly - crush junk . b&amp ; B yes ! yes ! yes ! huh huh huh . b&amp ; B run up to the set like it be they lose and find dog . ext . residential STREET - day b&amp ; B walk off into the distance with the tv . beavis hey butt - head , do you think we be ever gonna score ? butt-head uh , I probably will , but not you . you be too much of a butt-monkey . huh huh . beavis shut up , dill -hole . butt -head butt-dumpling ... beavis turd-burglar ... butt -head dill-wad ... beavis bunghole ... butt -head butt-snatch ... beavis um , uh , butt ... um , hole . butt-hole ... butt-head uh ... dill , um , face ... beavis um ... ass ... head ... butt-head uh ... butt-snatch ... beavis you already say that , butt -head . butt-head oh , uh , I mean , uh , ass -goblin ... b&amp ; B huh huh huh ... b&amp ; B head off into the sunset , trading lame insult as we fade out . end