10,000 b.c. by roland emmerich & harald kloser revision by roland emmerich & harald kloser & Matthew Sand revision by John orloff current revision by Robert rodat 1/23/06 file : tt 1.23.06 a black screen the sound of wind -- slow fade up : ext . high valley - dusk we fly over softly sway high grass . as far as the eye can see . a narrator speak , he voice weathered and wise . narrator ( v.o . ) it be already the last moon and on many day the air smell of the white rain ... huge black boulder . fearsome mountain peak cover by eternal snow . the land be beautiful , primal . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but then the mannak come later and later , and we fear that one day he would bring we he blessing no longer ... Far in the distance we can make out a human settlement . a dozen hut build from mammoth bone and hide . the settlement seem desert , but , as we move closer , we see there 's a fire flicker inside the biggest of the hut . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be the time when the world of the yagahl be come to a end and the ancient father speak to Old mother , we dreamer , about the fate of we people ... we hear chanting . Wild . frenzied . the raspy voice of a old woman get answer , again and again , by the shrill chorus of many other voice . smash CUT to : ext . old mother 's hut - night arm and hand -- stretch out , shaking to the rhythm of the music , give strength to old mother . 2. she be the shaman of the tribe . her ancient face be paint bright blue . she stand in a circle , form by she people . the whole tribe be take part in the ceremony . they all eagerly watch as they spiritual leader get herself deeper and deeper into she trance . between the move tribe member , we make out a handsome boy , about ten year old . he be young D ’leh . there be something very special about he , perhaps the intelligence in he eye . instead of watch Old mother 's ritual , d'leh stare at a girl sit across from he . she 's about he age , and even more beautiful than he . she be young evolet . she look at d'leh through the intervene people , revealing stun bright green eye . d'leh smile at she . then he look up to he father , who have the same feature as he son . d'leh 's father wear a distinctive ivory bracelet . tic 's tic , about the same age as d'leh 's Father , stand nearby , listen intently to Old mother . tic'tic be a hunter , thoughtful , formidable , though slightly less so than d'leh 's father . he also stare at Old mother , whose shaking build and build until ... abruptly and from unknown force , she be throw backwards , at least a dozen foot , collapse into the open arm of she people , where she start to whisper in a child - like voice . narrator ( v.o . ) in she dream she see the mannak roam we valley in number beyond count . and then she see he wander to the great Mountains forever ... all the older people move forward and close in a tight circle around she . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but we shall not fear . a great hunter will arise , a warrior to whom the daughter of she daughter will bestow many child . and he will lead we people to a land where two sun rise with the morning dawn . and there , the yagahl will hunger no more . we hold on d’leh 's father and tic’tic , who look at each other ... narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and Old mother share she dream with the elder of we people . CUT to : ext . valley - night Long grass sway in a soft breeze . a full moon cast shadow . a solitary figure , a young woman , hurry through the grass , search . she stop before a ridge . we see she green eye , and realize she be evolet , the little girl from the ceremony , now a beautiful young woman of seventeen . super and title : 10,000 b.c. she see two figure sit on a ridge , silhouett by the pale light of the moon . she move quickly toward they . ext . low ridge looking over valley - night d'leh ( 18 ) sit on a rock , carve a small piece of ivory with a sharp - edge stone tool . we realize from he face that he be the boy from the ceremony , now grow . he 's work on a small , bead-size mammoth , which be nearly finish . baku , 12 , bright , impatient , sit next to d'leh , play with a stick , watch d’leh . baku when will the mannaks come ? d’leh continue carve . d' leh when they want . baku why do they come later and later ? d' leh why do not you ask they when you see they ? d'leh finish the carve . he pull out a necklace make of a string of similar small mammoth , and tie on the new piece , complete the necklace . baku when will tic’tic let I join the hunt ? d' leh when you stop ask so many question . they hear footstep . d’leh hide the necklace , and turn to see evolet come they way . d'leh see that she 's troubled . she put down a small food basket near baku . evolet hungry , little brother ? baku dig in , mumbling he thanks through he stuff mouth . evolet give d'leh a look , then walk off . d'leh rise and follow she , speak back to baku , as he go . d' leh keep a good watch , eh ? baku , mumble , '' yes , '' through the food in he mouth . ext . behind the ridge - night evolet walk through the tall grass with d'leh follow , a few step behind . he savor the moonlit view of she . she feel he eye , but have something else on she mind , something urgent . she stop at a spot , far enough from baku to afford they some privacy . d' leh what 's wrong ? evolet Old mother speak with tic’tic in we hut today . d' leh tic’ tic come to you hut ? evolet Old mother tell he he should not be the one to slay the mannak when he come . d'leh look bewilder . evolet ( cont 'd ) she want ka’ren to prove himself , so he can claim I . she think he the bravest of the young hunter , and she want I to be he . d' leh ( shocked ) kanren ? he do not care for you , he think only of the hunt . evolet he consider I a worthy woman for a great hunter . ext . ridge - night baku be still wolfing down the food from evolet 's basket . he do not realize that behind he a giant shadow have appear , blotting out the star . the shadow grow into a silhouette , and we slowly realize it have the shape of a mammoth . we hear a deep and raspy breathing . baku turn and nearly choke on he food . the mammoth startles and lift up he tusk . a ear shatter roar ... in the tall grass d'leh and evolet turn at the roar . d'leh run back toward the ridge , evolet follow . on the ridge baku stand freeze in fear , before the great mammoth . d'leh run past , to the edge of the ridge . by the moonlight , he see : a massive herd of mammoth more than a hundred animal . the mannaks have arrive ! d'leh look at evolet and baku . they all turn and start to run down the slope toward the village . ext . grassland - night d'leh , evolet , and baku run . d'leh shout at baku : d' leh go tell tic’tic ! baku why I ? d' leh because I say it ! evolet look at she little brother sharply . baku split off and run up a rocky ridge . ext . tic ' tic 's hut - high ridge - early dawn the sky be turn a dark blue . baku reach tic'tic 's hut , which be high above the village . mammoth tusk line the entrance , a forbid sight for baku , who slow , and reluctantly enter the hut . int . tic ' tic 's hut - early dawn darkness . baku do not dare breathe . the boy look around , try to make out thing . it seem the hut be empty . baku see something that capture he attention -- a distinctive , ivory - handle white spear . baku be draw to the spear , unable to keep himself from look at it more closely . he start to reach out , to touch it , when a SOUND behind he make he spin . tic'tic appear right behind baku . the old man 's face be stern , he wiry body already paint for the hunt . baku the ... the mannaks be here . tic'tic know -- he 's already paint and prepare . baku ( cont 'd ) the whole valley be full of they . there be so many . this have a profound impact on tic'tic . he pass the boy , and grab the White spear . ext . mammoth hunter 's camp - dawn the rise sun be still below the mountain . the hunter prepare . check they weapon ; gather they gear ; 7 . put on body paint ; practice throw they spear at a target make of mammoth bone and hide . there be a dozen hunter . d'leh be somewhat separate from the other . among the young hunter be : ka 'ren , about d'leh 's age , very impose - look , athletic . moha , somewhat smaller , cocky . lu ’kibu , same age , a follower . all be focus and intent -- this be serious business . ka'ren grab some spear and step over to the target . he wait as two other hunter throw . they throw be good , but not great . ka'ren step up and prepare to throw . most of the hunter turn to watch . d'leh pointedly do not . ka'ren let loose with a stun throw -- the spearhead slam into the dead center of the target , sink much deeper than any of the other throw . d'leh glance over . moha and lu'kibu look at d'leh , and exchange a look . moha I can see it in he eye . lu ' kibu so can I , it 's fear . they laugh lightly , coolly derisive . lu'kibu ( cont ’d ) he 's afraid ka’ren will win he woman today . moha perhaps he ’1ll run away , like he father . d'leh bristle . ka'ren look over , and speak sharply , with authority . ka 'ren moha , lu 's kibu , quiet . you spear . chastise , but still share a smile , they turn they attention to they spear , check the binding that hold the head to the shaft . 8 . Old mother and evolet arrive . evolet hang back with some of the other young woman . d'leh and evolet see each other . on opposite side of the gather tribe , they lock eye through the intervene people . Old mother step among the hunter . she stop in front of ka'ren , who be tie a SMALL wooden BOWL to he waist . Old mother murmur a blessing , which she finish off by spitting on ka'ren . ka'ren expect it , but it 's still a bit off-putte . he keep himself from wiping off she spittle , and go back to prepare he weapon . Old mother move on , bless each of the hunter in turn , with the murmure , and the spitting . one after another they submit , all somewhat reluctantly , to she ministration . tic'tic walk into the camp , follow by baku . tic'tic blow into a carve ivory hunt whistle , hang from he neck . Old mother stop chant . tic'tic walk into the middle of the circle hold the White spear . all eye be on tic'tic . tic ’'tic the mannak be great , and we be small , but yet , we kill he . we kill he because we hunt together , as one . his eye wander across the face of the hunter . he stop at d'leh 's . tic'tic hold the White spear . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) today , I will not pierce the heart of the mannak . one of you will drive the final blow ... tic'tic look at all the hunter , and then , again , at d'leh . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) one of you will claim the White spear ... several of the young hunter glance at evolet . she look back only at d'leh . ka 'ren be not among the hunter who glance at evolet . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) May the ancient father , and the spirit of the mannak , choose the best of you . he ram the White spear in the middle of they circle . tic'tic turn and stride off , with the hunter close behind . the other member of the tribe follow , to see they off . d' leh lag with evolet . d'leh take out the necklace he carve , and hand it to she . d' leh I work on this for many , many night ... she look at the necklace , deeply move . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) you be here ... ( he touch he chest ) no matter who kill the mannak , you will always be here . she 's overwhelm . he give she a last smile , then turn , and hurry after the hunt party . evolet look after he , hold the necklace tightly . ext . grassland by rim - day the sun peek over the mountain . shapes appear between the high grass , which gently sway in the wind . tic'tic be in the lead . the other hunter follow , crawl up the incline , hide in the grass by they body paint . the camera lift over the rim and reveal a stun image -- a_herd of mammoth , grazing on a OPEN plain more than a hundred of they . the hunter share anxious look . none of they have ever see a herd this big . we pan over the herd , pass a giant female nursing she baby . after size up the situation , tic'tic turn to the other and give a hand signal . all of the other hunter follow he lead , as he move towards the herd . d'leh immediately start to move faster than the other , get a bit ahead of the group . 10 . tic'tic make a clicking insect SOUND , get d'leh 's attention . tic'tic motion for d'leh to ease back , to stay tighter with the advance group . d’leh reluctantly slow , wait for the other , join with they , then pace himself to stay with they . the hunter advance on the herd . tic'tic lead . the animal pick up they scent and begin to stir . tic'tic signal the hunter . they stop in a long , curving row . tic'tic continue , alone , move deeper and deeper into the herd . he pass the female mammoth and she baby , very close . the baby eye he curiously . tic'tic zero in on a giant mammoth , the lead bull . tic'tic carefully approach . sense movement , the lead bull turn menacingly towards the approach tic'tic . the other mammoth in the herd react to the lead bull 's movement , and they turn as well . a pause , then they begin graze again . tic'tic creep closer still . the lead bull stop eat . his trunk sniff the air and the animal make a rumbling sound . the lead bull look down towards tic'tic , try to spot he with near-sighted eye . d’leh ease forward a bit . ka’ren , and some of the other hunter , note d'leh 's movement . they be not pleased . suddenly , directly in front of the lead bull , tic'tic leap to he foot , wave he arm , shout wildly . the lead bull 's foot tear up the ground . his massive head whip back and forth . tic'tic stand he ground . he go closer to the lead bull , and thrust he spear at the animal 's face . the mammoth charge . tic'tic roll out of the way , barely avoid be trample . tic'tic blows he hunting whistle . at that signal , d'leh and the other hunter leap to they foot , wave they arm and shout . the rest of the herd , spook and furious , snort , trumpet , some rear up on they hind leg . 11 . the herd charge after the lead bull with a sound like roll thunder . they stampede lead they into a valley . Far in the distance we make out a rock formation , a wide open , which we later learn will lead into a increasingly narrow canyon . tic'tic join the other hunter , run , give they hand signal , deploy they . the hunter form themselves into a crescent , behind and to the side of the run mammoth , herding they , direct the big animal towards the canyon open . d'leh run alongside the herd , point man of one side of the crescent . d'leh , focus only on the mammoth , and not on the other hunter , run faster , put distance between himself and the other . tic'tic see d'leh and call out angrily to he , motion he back with the group , but the thunderous sound of the mmammoth 's stampede drown out tic'tic 's voice . ka'ren look angrily ahead at d’leh . moha and lu'kibu see d'leh ahead of the group , and exchange a angry look . pick up speed , d’leh get further ahead of the other hunter . d'leh be now run ahead of some of the trail mammoth , and some of that animal veer to the outside of d’leh , drive he in among the main herd . tic'tic see this happen . his anger grow , but there 's nothing he can do about it . we _ see big boulder loom ahead . with d'leh run among they , two of the mammoth in the center of the herd be spook and start to veer off , away from the mouth of the canyon . other mammoth in the herd respond , and start to veer away from the canyon mouth as well . tic'tic see the herd start to change direction because of d'leh . tic'tic motion to ka'ren , moha , and lu ’kibu , who tighten up on they side of the herd , yell , drive the herd back toward the canyon mouth . the lead bull have pass the boulder , and now every animal have to choose its route . 12 . d'leh run between two massive animal who want to squeeze between two of the giant stone boulder . they scrape the rock and they body crash together . d'leh 's only chance be to duck down and dive under the body of one of the stampede mammoth . for a couple of endless second he run under the animal . but when the mammoth jump over a smaller rock , which be too high for d'leh , he have no choice other than to jump aside , tumble to the ground , where he 's nearly crush by the foot of the other mammoth . ka'ren , moha , and lu'kibu shoot he harsh look as they pass . d'leh scramble up , but he have lose he lead . tic'tic look over , angry , but relieved that d'leh be alive . they run on , now with d'leh behind the other hunter . ext . canyon — day several elder hunter pull on two rope . the rope be attach to two heavy stone which be drag up to the top of finger - like rock which form a bottleneck in the canyon .. baku , nearby , watch . he hear the herd approaching , and he scramble up the sloping side of the canyon , and see the stampede animal approach . baku they be come ! they be come ! the old man double they effort . ext . mouth of the canyon the lead bull have reach the mouth of the canyon , which be wide at the open but narrow more and more towards the other end . the mammoth 's body start to scrape along the jutting wall of the narrowing canyon . further ahead , the old hunter await the herd with grow anticipation . they crouch on top of the two stone finger . they look down on the lead bull , which thunder past . then group after group of animal do the same , raise huge cloud of dust . 13 . baku stand on he lookout point , and watch the spectacle of the thunder herd and the hunter drive they into the canyon . the cloud of dust make it difficult for he to see and he strain to make out the end of the herd . when he be finally able to see that the last mammoth have pass , he start to wave he arm furiously . this signal the old hunter that they prey be approach the trap . we see the last bull racing towards the bottleneck . the last bull be massive , nearly as formidable as the lead bull . at baku 's signal , the old hunter push down the two massive rock on each side of the stone finger . a heavy net , which be bury in the ground , pull up in front of the bull and catch he in full stride . the animal scream out . the rope stretch as the net barely contain the speed of the raging animal . for extra reinforcement the net be secure by other rope which be also attach to heavy stone ; they too now get drag over the ground . the bull slow down . we now discover two other old hunter hide behind a rock , yanking another rope up off the ground . it catch the leg of the bull , and he finally go down with a terrifying roar . the hunter run in , with ka'ren in the lead . but d’leh be still far behind . the mammoth struggle , on its side , entangle in the net . ka ’'ren goe in first , ready to take the day 's glory . his spear raise , ready to throw , ka'ren move in , boldly , but patiently , wait for the perfect moment ... ka'ren climb onto a boulder to have a better line - of-sight . the struggle mammoth be not a easy target . his flail leg be in the way of he heart . but then ka'ren throws ... his spear hit the chest of the thrashing animal . a good throw , but because of the flail leg it be deflect . the wound anger the beast more than debilite it . all the other young hunter now move in . it be they chance to throw they spear . 14 . when d'leh finally arrive , he see lu 's kibu and moha throw they spear , but they throw do not do much harm . now d'leh move in . it be he chance . but , as d'leh prepare to throw , baku scream a warning . baku watch out ! d'leh turn and see baku wave he arm in panic . then everybody see what baku have see : the giant female mammoth with she baby be stampede towards they ! d'leh and the other hunter quickly jump aside to avoid be trample . storm through the bottleneck of the canyon , the mother animal crash into the rope and the net that be hold down the bull . the rope rip away from the rock ! the baby mammoth follow and nearly get catch in the tear rope . as the baby squeal , the mother let out a terrifying roar and the mother and baby run after the herd until they be out of sight . the bull struggle to get back on its foot . d’leh move in on the madly thrashing mammoth , grab a piece of the net , and pull down . it 's a mad , nearly suicidal move , but one that inspire the other hunter . everybody grab whatever end of the net they can reach . they delay the mammoth for a moment , but they be no match for the gigantic animal which manage to get back on its foot and start to charge away , drag all the hunter along as they cling to the net . the mammoth run faster and faster , and one by one the hunter let go of the net . after a few hundred yard , only two hunter remain -- d'leh and ka'ren . ka'ren and d'leh look at one another . the mammoth turn , the net swing behind , and ka'ren be smashed against the side of the canyon . he lose he grip on the net , and tumble to a stop . 15 . d'leh hang on for another moment , then realize that he , too , must let go . he let go of he grip , then see : his hand be tightly tangle in the net . he try to free he hand , but can not . tic'tic run behind , stop , watch as d'leh and the mammoth disappear behind a bend in the canyon . moha and lu'kibu appear by tic'tic 's side . moha he will get himself kill ! tic ’'tic go back , help the other . moha and lu'kibu run back toward the other hunter . tic'tic run after d'leh and the mammoth . ext . high plateau - day the other side of the canyon open onto a wide expanse of savannah . the high grass cushion the rough ride as d'leh be drag by the bull . in the background we see the giant female and she baby join the rest of the herd , which be still agitate , but have slowed down . as the camera move up , we see that the animal be racing towards a steep cliff . d'leh still struggle to free he hand from the net . the mammoth pass a rock , the net get catch in it and come loose . d'leh roll to a stop . the mammoth come to a abrupt halt at the cliff 's edge . d'leh be barely conscious . daze and hurt , he struggle to get up . the bull turn toward he . it rear and bellows in anger and pain ! d'leh continue to try to free himself from the net . the bull charge , thunder down on he . unable to free he hand , d'leh can only jump out of the way . the bull , unable to change direction as quickly as d'leh , barely miss he . 16 . d’leh roll to he knee , still struggle . the bull turn and charge again . d'leh finally manage to free he hand . he jump out of the way , again narrowly avoid be kill . as d'leh scramble to he foot , he see three spear stick out of the net . they be the spear throw by ka anren , moha , and lu'kibu . d'leh pull the spear out as the bull turn toward he again . this time , the bull do not charge immediately . d'leh and the mammoth stand opposite one another , neither move . one man against a mammoth , impossible odd . on a hill in the distance , tic'tic run up to the crest from the other direction . he see d'leh and the mammoth . the mammoth advance slowly , prepare to charge . d'leh back up , hold the three spear , look around for cover . nothing , other than a few flat rock . the mammoth charge ... d'leh throw the first spear . it be a good throw , but it miss . the mammoth keep coming ... he throw the second spear , but it hit the mammoth in the upper leg . the mammoth keep coming ... he back away , hold the last spear point at the mammoth . without look , he back into a rock outcropping , and the butt of the spear become wedge between two rock . the mammoth be nearly upon he ... d'leh try to free the spear , but there be no more time . at a full run , the mammoth hit the spear , which sink deep into its chest , but do not slow the momentum of the heavy beast . d'leh scramble over some low rock and dive between two of they . the bull crash down on top of the two rock , and on d’leh who lie between they . there be a strange rush of air , then silence . 17 . tic'tic stand on the hilltop , watch , astonished . he see the other hunter run in , get to the collapse animal . moha and lu'kibu be the first to arrive . there be no sign of life . they cautiously walk around the giant animal . they hear a strange moaning . moha discover a bloody hand , stick out from under the mammoth . he and lu'kibu grab it and pull out d'leh . d'leh be daze . other hunter run in , yelling madly , celebrate the kill . they surround d'leh , jostling he in congratulation . baku come run . he stop and look at d'leh with awed respect . baku you kill a mannak alone ... d'leh look at the massive animal . it 's still sink in . baku ( cont 'd ) no one have ever do that . d'leh look up to tic'tic , who still stand on he ridge , watch ... ka'ren observe the scene wordlessly , in silent anguish . then ka 'ren draw he knife , step over to the mammoth , and slice into the neck of the animal . he catch the still warm blood in he small wooden bowl . then he stand and present it silently to d'leh . d'leh stare into the bowl for a moment . he look again up to tic'tic . but tic'tic be go ... then he drink down the bowl in one gulp and smile exultantly , with tooth red from the mammoth 's blood . ext . grassland - later d'leh and baku carry one of the mammoth 's tusk back toward the village . d'leh have regain he composure . baku one day I will carry the White spear . d'leh I be sure you will . 18 . baku and with it , I will choose my own woman , instead of have Old mother choose one for I . she would give I a ugly one . d'leh have to smile at the boy . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - afternoon evolet stare at the hillside with great anticipation . her finger nervously play with the necklace d'leh give she . she see two figure appear , but can not make out who they be . the other member of the tribe , include Old mother , step up , look with she . then , they can see that it 's d'leh , and that he 's carry a mammoth tusk . evolet start run towards d’leh and baku . the other tribe member exchange look of surprise , which turn quickly into joy at the kill of a mammoth . they race after evolet . Old mother hang back , watch thoughtfully , knowingly , troubled . she see evolet and the rest of the tribe surround d'leh , celebrate , escort he toward the village . ext . mountain pass - dusk High in the mountain . patch of snow glow in the fade light . a white mountain antelope be graze peacefully . suddenly we hear a sharp swoosh and we see the animal fall , a arrow have pierce its neck . the snow slowly turn red . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - dusk Old mother sit alone on a rock outside the mammoth hunter 's camp . the sound of celebration be hear from the village . we close in on she stoic face as she 's stare towards the mountain with she eye wide open , when we see -- a trickle of blood start to run from she nose . tic ’tic ( 0.s. ) you dream be come true . 19 . Old mother do not turn around . she nod . we do not know if he 's see the blood on she face . old mother I know . ( beat ) it should have be ka’ren . tic '' tic the ancient father have speak . neither one of they be happy about it . they hear the sound of celebration increase . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - dusk the tribe celebrate . massive slab of meat roast over the fire . woman and child work , happily stripping thin piece of mammoth flesh , put they on drying rack that surround the fire . a ferment brew be hand out . many of the man be drunk , especially the hunter . d'leh sit in the middle of the celebration with evolet at he side . she 's overjoy . d'leh take a drink , then he see , in the distance , tic'tic , stand on the ridge , near he hut ... watch . evolet notice . evolet why do tic’tic not celebrate with we ? d'leh look at tic'tic . the solitary , distant figure make d'leh uncomfortable . he take a drink , and try to shake off he uneasiness . d' leh do not think of tic’tic . she laugh , forget tic'tic , and hug d’leh , who see tic'tic turn he back on the celebration , and enter he hut . nearby , baku regales some of the young child with the tale of d'leh 's bravery . baku .». -- and then , one after another , they all let go of the net , and only D ’leh hold on ... 20 . evolet hear , and tighten she hold on d’leh 's arm . d'leh have another moment of discomfort as he listen to baku 's tale . on the other side of the gathering ka'ren sit , drink , watch . moha and lu' kibu sit down next to he . they be drunk . together they watch d'leh . lu ' kibu look at he , he nearly drive the mannaks away from the net . he think of none but himself ... moha it 's he blood . the father abandon we , and the son risk the hunt for a kill of he own . lu ' kibu it should have be one of we ... ka'ren turn and look at lu'kibu coldly . lu' kibu back down . lu'kibu ( cont ’d ) it should have be ka’ren . moha and lu'kibu wait for ka'ren to agree . instead , ka'ren snap at they , speak quietly but harshly : ka 'ren he have prove himself as none of we ever will . lu 'kibu and moha retreat , see that ka'ren be not angry at d'leh , but at himself and he fate . ka'ren ( cont 'd ) do not speak against he again . ka'ren take the bowl of brew from moha , and drink it down . then he take lu'kibu 's bowl , stand and walk off into the darkness , unsteadily , to drink alone . at the CENTER of the gathering Old mother step into the light of the fire . d'leh share a look with evolet , then he rise and walk over to Old mother . d' leh Old mother , today I kill a mannak . ( more ) 21 . d'leh ( cont 'd ) I drive the final blow , pierce he heart . I claim the White spear . Old mother look at he closely . d'leh ( cont 'd ) and with the White spear I will claim evolet as my woman . a moment . Old mother hesitates , not pleased . she step over to the White spear , pull it from the ground , and hand it to d'leh . she do this in a way , that the whole tribe realize that Old mother be not pleased with the outcome of the hunt . d'leh take the spear and endure the mute congratulation of the tribe . but he eye be on Old mother , who walk away and sit down in the shadow by she hut . a BOWL be fill and raise shakily to a mouth -- CUT to : ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - later evolet sit beside d’leh and have to watch how d'leh get more and more drunk . she instinctively feel there be something wrong with he . evolet do not have too much . d' leh why not ? we have to celebrate . he take another deep gulp . evolet d‘'leh , what be wrong ? d' leh ( angry ) nothing be wrong ! he immediately regret the aggressive tone of he voice . but it be already too late . 22 . evolet then why do you sound so angry ? he do not know how to answer . he get up , take he White spear and walk away . worried and confuse , evolet look after he . ext . grassland - night d’leh walk away from the encampment . he stop , and look back toward the glow of the fire . alone , and feel it , he look up at the star -- the Big dipper , the North Star . a moment . then he turn , and head toward the ridge on which we can see tic'tic 's hut , separate from the other . int . tic ' tic 's hut - night moonlight pass through the gap of the hut and make jag pattern on the wall and the floor . tic'tic be sit at the rear of the hut . he hear footstep . d'leh enter he hut , carry the White spear . tic'tic wait for he to speak . d' leh I do not drive the spear into the heart of the mannak . tic '' tic I know . the ancient father play with we today . ( beat ) why be you here ? tic'tic look at d'leh closely . d'leh look at the White spear . d' leh it matter to I what you think . tic ’'tic it matter more what you think . d' leh when my father leave , no one look at I the same , no one treat I the same , no one trust I . no one but you . 23 . tic ’'tic you father be impatient , like you . d' leh and he betrayed we people by leave . tic ’'tic and you ? would you betray we people ? d' leh never . tic'tic wait . d'leh ( cont 'd ) if I give up the White spear , I give up evolet . how can I do that ? she be everything to I . tic'tic consider that . tic '' tic and have you earn she ? have you make yourself worthy of she ? a long moment . then d'leh hold the White spear out to tic'tic . d' leh here . take it back ... tic'tic take the spear . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) +.- until I have earn it . d’leh turn and walk out . tic'tic , guardedly pleased , watch he go . ext . d'leh 's rock - night d'leh walk up to a rock and sit down next to it . the rock be cover with painting of animal and human figure . there be also the silhouettes of two hand , a bigger one and a smaller one at its side . d'leh stare at the smaller hand for a moment , then he put he hand over it . 24 . d' leh ( whisper ) evolet -- CUT to : ext . high plateau - night thick fog drift . vulture tear at the carcass of the slaughter mammoth . at a SOUND , the vulture startle and pull away from they meal . sense danger , they fly off . camera follow they flight , come to a extreme close up of a dark , grim - look warrior , he black eye scan the horizon , in the direction of the mammoth hunter 's camp . CUT to : ext . d' leh 's rock - night d'leh sit alone , look out at the night sky . he turn at a SOUND , and see evolet . evolet walk up to he . evolet what be it ? he do not answer . evolet ( cont 'd ) there be something wrong , d’leh , I feel it . d' leh I have give the White spear back to tic'tic . evolet what ? d' leh I can not claim you as mine ... evolet why would you do such a thing ? d' leh I do not kill the mannak ... 25 . evolet of course you do . you hold onto the net , you kill it alone ... d' leh my hand be catch in the net , I try to let go , and the mannak run into my spear . I do nothing ... she start to cry . evolet you give away the White spear , you give away I ... he reach out to touch she . she try to pull away , but he hold she . d' leh I can not carry the White spear unless I earn it , and I can not have you unless I be worthy ... evolet we should be one , together ... d' leh we will be . when it be right . she try to understand , but she can not . she cry . d’leh look to the starry sky . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) do you see that light ? that one . he point at the NORTH STAR . she look through she tear . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) it do not move across the sky like all the other do . it stay there . all the other light go behind the mountain . but not that one . it be always in the same place . evolet how do you know ? d' leh because I have watch it -- many time . ( beat ) that light be -- like I . 26 . she do not quite understand what he mean . d'leh stand up and look at she with sad eye . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) it will always be there , evolet -- she turn to he . evolet and yet , you give I up . d' leh I give you up , because of what I feel . she look at he with sad eye , then she turn and leave . for a moment we think that d'leh will stop she , but he let she go -- ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - dawn everyone except Old mother be asleep . she sit beside what remain of the fire . she take a last sip from she bowl , then get to she foot , and head for she hut , sway a bit . int . / ext . old mother be hut - dawn Old mother enter she hut . she look at the bed in front of she -- baku , he mother , and a empty bed . she hear a SOUND , step out of she hut and see something very strange , something she have see in a dream . a shape appear out of the fog . she sink to she knee , and start to chant . other member of the tribe startle awake . stare in disbelief at : a_demon ... to we , it be a man on horseback , but to this people it be something the like of which they have never see . it wear a strange mask to terrifying effect , and its covering seem to meld into the horse 's body , make they one ... this be the warlord of the slave raider . next to he , more horseman appear out of the fog . Dark - skinned man riding on black horse . they be the slave raider . 27 . to the tribe , they be a vision out of they most fevere nightmare . moha wake . he grab he spear . as he jump up , a hard blow from the butt end of the warlord 's spear drop he ... lu ' kibu be the next to go for he spear , but he be hit savagely before he can reach he weapon . a net be throw over he . inside old mother' hut baku 's mother wake . she look outside , and see what be happen . she duck back in , and push baku under a stack of animal skin . bakuy mother do not breathe ! he be in darkness for a moment , then he look out and see he mother , a strain look on she face ... baku watch in disbelief as she gasp and slowly slide to the ground , blood trickle down she neck . behind she he see a gruesome - look man with a face disfigure by scar . he be one - eye , the warlord 's second in command . baku duck back under the skin , and watch through a tiny gap . tremble with fear , he see one - Eye search the hut by torch light . one - Eye come within inch of baku 's hide place , then he turn and leave , throw he burn torch back into the hut as he go . baku stare at the fire for a few long second , transfix by the terror of the moment . then , in a sudden move , he grab one of the animal skin and throw it over the torch try to suffocate the flame . CUT to : ext . hill side path - dawn evolet walk slowly away from d’leh 's rock , toward the village . she hear scream . she run to a ridge . evolet 's face freeze in horror . she see the mammoth hunter 's camp in flame ! she start to run toward the camp . CUT to : 28 . ext . cliff -— dawn d'leh hear the noise of the attack . he 's much further from the camp than evolet be . he step to the edge of a cliff , and look in the direction of the camp . he see the glimmer of fire in the fog . he race down the hill . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - dawn evolet run into the camp . she see that the slave raider have already herde up about a dozen and a half young man and woman . the slave raider be bind the captive , tie they together in pair , with yoke fashioned out of lash - together wooden staff . the pair of captive be then roped in a line to the raider 's horse . evolet can not believe what she 's see . try to stay out of sight , behind the burn hut , evolet run toward she mother 's blaze hut . the warlord sees evolet she stare up at this apparition in horror as he gallop toward she . Old mother throw herself between evolet and the warlord . old mother please ! spare she , great demon -- with a grimace , the warlord brutally kick Old mother in the face , and the old woman drop to the ground . CUT to : ext . path to the camp of the mammoth hunter - dawn d'leh rush downhill . he be now closer to the violence and see the first burn hut . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - dawn d'leh approach the perimeter of the camp , and see the burn hut , dead body , and the slave raider start to move out , they roped captive stumbling behind the raider 's horse . 29 . d'leh do not even slow down . he pull out he stone hand blade , and , as he pass one of outly hut , he grab a spear from the side of a dead hunter , lie on the ground . then , suddenly , just before d'leh reach the main camp , he be tackled and bring to the ground . he raise he blade , about to kill he attacker , then stop as he realize that it 's tic'tic , who speak to d’leh in a sharp whisper : tic 'tic stay down ! d’leh will have none of that . he struggle to free himself from tic'tic , but the old man be surprisingly fast , and surprisingly strong . tic'tic get he hand around d’leh 's throat , hold he down and keep he from make any loud noise . tic '' tic quiet ! we can not help they ... not now ... d’leh see evolet among that be lead off . tic'tic tighten he grip on d’leh . tic 'tic ( cont 'd ) not now ! not now ! in utter agony , d'leh watch as the captive be lead off . the war party the warlord ride at the head of he raider . he look back at the captive , satisfied . as the warlord scan the prisoner , he notice evolet , look back in anguish at the burn hut of the village . she see the warlord look at she , and glare at he furiously . the warlord smile -- she be beautiful in she fury , perhaps because of it . the warlord kick he horse , and they ride on . the captive , hurry , stumbling , pull along by they rope . in the village 30 . as the War Party and captive disappear into the jag rock at the base of the great Mountains , the survivor of the raid gather : child , old man , old woman , a few young woman who be able to get away . the slave raider take only the able - body . d'leh and tic'tic walk into the encampment . they see baku cry , kneel next to he mother 's body . tic'tic gently lift the boy to he foot . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) go , find any that be not take . all that matter to baku be he mother , lie on the ground . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) go. there be nothing you can do for she now . baku 's tear slow a bit . he look out into the grassland . know every hide place , he head out . ext . path to the mountain - dawn the warlord lead the slave raider up into the mountain . evolet and the other prisoner stumble over the rock , try to keep up with the horse . evolet look back towards the camp , and see small figure , one of whom she can just barely make out as d'leh . she reel , then she view of d’leh be interrupt by a rock outcropping , and she 's drag on with the other prisoner . ext . grassland - dawn ka 'ren lie in the tall grass . at first it appear that he 's dead , then we see the empty bowl of brew around he , and we realize that he be sleep , drunk from the night before . baku , still weep , find he , and rouse he . ext . camp of the mammoth hunter - day the woman of the tribe be lay out the body of the dead , give voice to they sorrow - a high pitch wailing . other sprinkle ash over they body and face . Old mother chant , she voice guttural , haunt . above , vulture circle . ka'ren and baku enter the village . ka'ren go up to Old mother , and speak shamefully . ka 'ren forgive I , Old mother , for not be here ... 31 . old mother there be nothing you could have do . they hear a sound , turn and see d'leh grab weapon , clothing , spare flint and other supplies from the char remain of he hut . baku d’leh ? d'leh do not answer , as he pack weapon and supplies . ka 'ren what be you do ? d' leh I be go after evolet . baku over the great Mountains ? ka'ren it be not possible . d' leh they come over the great Mountains , do they not ? ka 'ren they be demon , four-legged demon . Old mother say so . perhaps they fly over the mountain . d' leh I do not see wing on they . ka 's ren they be many , and you be all alone . tic ’tic ( 0.s. ) no , he be not alone . everyone turn and see tic'tic , fully pack , the White spear in he hand . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) I be go with he . everybody stare at he . 32 . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) without the other hunter we people will not survive . there be no choice . we must free we brother and sister . Old mother step up . old mother what tic 's tic say be true . the entire tribe , what be leave of it , realize the seriousness of the situation . Little baku step forward . baku I will go too ! old mother no , baku , you have not live enough year . baku ( protest ) but I have to ! Old mother give he a sharp look . old mother you will stay here ... ( turn to ka'ren ) but you , ka’ren , will go with they . ka'ren do not dare to contradict she ; he run to get he thing -- d'leh and tic'tic exchange a look . ext . edge of camp - day d'leh , tic'tic , and ka'ren finish strapping on they pack , and gather up they weapon -- spear and knife . tic'tic carry the White spear . Old mother chant the same bless she give before the mammoth hunt . she step in front of d'leh , gathering her saliva . d' leh do not bless we as hunter . we be hunter no longer . bless we , instead , as warrior . 33. Old mother nod . she start murmuring a different chant , one that be lower , more guttural , forbid . d'leh , tic'tic , and ka'ren move out . behind they , that who remain watch they go . baku step to the front of the group . Old mother step up next to the boy , put she hand on he shoulder , and watch with he . ext . mountain , east face - day the slave raider and they captive climb up steep , break ground , ascend in switchback . the captive struggle to keep up , they wrist and neck bloody by the rope and yoke that bind they . the warlord stop and drink from he water bag . moha and lu'kibu be yoke together . moha , injure in the attack , stumble and fall to he knee . one - Eye ride over and whip he , yelling at he to get up . evolet step between one - Eye and moha . evolet stop ! please ! one - Eye raise he whip , about to swing it . evolet wince , wait for the blow , but stand she ground . the warlord block the lash of the whip . he bark something to one - Eye in they guttural language . one - Eye lower he arm , resentfully . the warlord look at evolet , who coldly hold he look . he toss she he water bag . she drink . the warlord hold out he hand for she to give it back to he . instead , evolet give the water bag to moha and lu'kibu . then she turn to the warlord and wait for she punishment . for a tense moment , the warlord look at she . then he smile , and turn and speak to one of he man . the slave raider laugh lightly . the warlord kick he horse , and take he place at the head of the War Party . ext . mountain , east face - sunset tic'tic and ka'ren walk up the break flank of the mountain . d'leh be walk ahead of they . the sun have pass behind the mountain and it be get harder and harder for they to see they foot on the treacherous rock . 34 . tic'tic stop . tic ’'tic we stop here for the night . d' leh no , we go on , we be get closer ! tic ’'tic if we find they , we will be tired and hungry . ( decisive ) we eat and we sleep here . be patient . d' leh how can I be patient ? tic ’'tic if they be go to kill they , they would be dead already . ka 'ren and if they be go to do other thing ...? d' leh feel a wave of anguish . tic'tic touch he sympathetically . tic 's tic we will pick up they trail at first light . ext . mountain , boulder - night ( later ) the hunter have eat . they settle down to sleep , ka'ren next to d'leh , speak quietly to he . ka 'ren you do not carry the White spear . tic’tic do . d'leh turn away . ka'ren ( cont 'd ) why ? tic '' tic ka’ren , go to sleep . 35 . ka'ren look over to tic'tic , who have not even open he eye . ka'ren turn over and try to get to sleep . for a long moment we hear only the whistling sound of the wind , blow down the mountain . d' leh I do not think they be demon . d’leh stare up at the star . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) they be man ... sit on animal . any of we could do that . ka 'ren any of we ? tic 's tic ( again without open he eye ) sleep , both of you ! ext . mountain , high pass - night the slave raider have finish eat , and be settling down to sleep . evolet sit among the captive . she touch she wrist . we see the dry blood on she wound leave by the coarse rope . she turn and see one - Eye stare at she with malevolent desire . the warlord see one - Eye look at evolet . he walk over and put himself between the two of they , look down at one - Eye with cool authority . the warlord wait , as if challenging one - Eye . one - Eye be almost up to it , but not quite . one - Eye nod deferentially to the warlord , and back off . the warlord turn to evolet , and say something to she , as gently as he can in he coarse language . then he walk away . evolet exchange a look with moha . neither one know what the warlord just say , but they can imagine . ext . mountain , scree field - pre-dawn the mammoth hunter be still asleep as the sky turn a pale blue . tic'tic open he eye , and find himself stare at baku , sleep next to he . tic'tic jump to he foot . 36 . tic ’'tic baku ! he grab the boy and pull he to he foot . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) go back to Old mother ! baku I can help you . I can carry you pack . baku pick up tic'tic 's pack . tic'tic grab it from he . tic ’'tic you will slow we down ! go home ! baku turn to d'leh , who give the boy a little shrug -- not my decision , sorry . baku 's shoulder slump as he watch the man gather up they weapon and pack , and move out . ext . mountain , high pass - dawn the warlord mount he horse , and shout command to he man who finish tie the prisoner to the horse , and mount up . evolet make sure that no one be watch , then she yank a bead from the necklace d'leh give she . as they move out , she drop it on the ground , where it land on a grey stone . ext . mountain , even higher - day the mammoth hunter follow the path of the slave raider , they eye note everything about the trail -- scrape stone , break stem of mountain grass , drop of blood . a flash of movement behind they . baku be still follow . d'leh spot he , smile surreptitiously , and say nothing to tic'tic . ext . mountain , east face - day tic'tic scan the steep and rocky slope above they . the ghost of a smile cross he lip as he eye track the switchback take by the slave raider . tic ’'tic two leg may go where four cannot . ( to d'leh ) the hunter gain on the hunt . 37 . tic'tic start straight up the slope . d' leh and baku ? tic'tic turn , questioningly . d'leh nod to a rock , about twenty meter away , where baku be hide , not very well . tic ’'tic baku ! I tell you to go home ! baku evolet be my blood , she be all that I have leave . d'leh nod to tic'tic , who shake he head . tic ’'tic he be not strong enough . go home ! tic'tic start to climb . d'leh silently motion to the boy -- let 's go . ext . mountain , cliff - day up the steep slope . tic'tic climb steadily and deliberately . d'leh and ka'ren follow . tic'tic glare as they see baku scramble up the break face like a mountain goat , easily pass they . as baku reach a outcropping , several meter above tic'tic , he foot dislodges a rock , which careen down the slope , just miss tic'tic 's head . baku cringe , as tic'tic look up at he angrily . ext . top of the cliff - day baku stand on top of the cliff and look over the edge , see tic'tic just below , struggle . baku there 's a foothold , right there ! tic'tic ignore he , get one hand on the edge , and start to pull himself up . baku lean forward to help , and , as he do so , baku 's water bag tip , and pour its content onto tic'tic 's head . 38 . tic'tic wait for the drench to finish , then give baku a endless look . the old man then pull himself onto the top of the cliff . tic ’tic walk towards he , and baku cower , close he eye , expect a beat . instead : tic ’'tic you may come with we on one condition . baku give he a disbely look ... tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) stop help I . d'leh hear , and smile slightly , as we see the first snow flake drift past he face . ext . mountain , high pass - day it be snow harder now . the flake be bigger and begin to stick . the mammoth hunter arrive at the pass where the slave raider spend the night . d'leh touch the fire pit . d' leh the fire still life in this stone . baku ( 0.s. ) d'leh . baku point at the bead evolet drop . d'leh pick it up . d' leh evolet 's . baku for we to track she . tic'tic , d'leh , and ka'ren exchange look , and smile at baku 's comment . ka 'ren she do not leave that to help we track she . d'leh grip the tiny piece of ivory tightly in he hand . d' leh she leave it to tell I she be still alive ... 39 . the snow fall more heavily . they move out . as they go , they reach into they pack , and pull out skin and fur , which they wrap around themselves . CUT to : ext . mountain —- day the hunter , four tiny specs , trek across a endless snow field , dwarf by the majestic crest loom over they . the hunter pass the massive wall of a glacier . CUT to : ext . high valley - day fog hang low on a high valley that take they down from the mountain . suddenly , they see huge skeleton appear out of the fog . the further they walk , the more skeleton they see . as the fog clear , the mammoth hunter stop in they track and stare at : skeleton of mammoth as far as they eye can see . baku have spot something . baku look ! he point at a small herd of mammoth , rest between patch of dirty snow . but something be wrong . some of the mammoth be lie on the ground , emit strange moan , while other mammoth stand close together , over they . baku ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with the mannak ? tic ’'tic he be tired and lay down to rest . he be die . 40 . ext . ice fall - night the hunter camp , huddle together within the confines of a hastily build snow structure that shield they from the bite wind . ext . mountain cliff - day they walk downhill , d'leh in the lead , the other strung out behind he . d'leh raise he eye , and look at something on one of the cliff above . he sees : a man made structure . a long abandon stone building , construct in front of a cave dwelling , with carving around the cave open . it 's a strike - look structure . ancient . mysterious . perhaps a hundred year old , perhaps a thousand . none of the hunter have ever see anything like it . but , exhaust by they trek , they trudge on past , even as they stare at it in astonishment . ext . lower altitude snow field - day d'leh and tic'tic kneel before a swath of human and horse track in the snow . tic'tic check the crystal form on the inside of one of the track , rub they gently between he thumb and forefinger . d’leh do the same , as ka'ren scan the horizon . tic '' tic less than a day . d'leh and ka'ren nod in agreement . they move on . ext . mountain downslope - day the hunter walk downhill . the snow cover be thin , with patch of grass amid the ice . the grass grow thicker as the hunter enter a narrow valley which lead down out of the mountain . ext . mountain , west face - day the hunter climb down a steep field of break rock beside a raging river choke with snow melt . d'leh step to the edge of a sheer cliff face , near a waterfall that drop to the valley below . 4l . a river snake through the center of the valley . on either side of the river , thick , tall reed . and further out from the reed , fern meadow give way to thick jungle . on the valley floor , d’leh can just make out the tiny figure of people , some on foot , some on horseback . d'leh motion to the other hunter , then point . d' leh there . they exchange look , then move on . ext . lost valley / edge of the reed - day enormous dragonfly dodge around the reed that grow eight foot tall . the War Party approach the reed . the warlord signal stop . the slave raider and they captive all stop . the warlord look out uneasily into the reed . the height and thickness of the reed prevent he from see very far , and he clearly be concerned about proceeding . no other alternative . he bark a order to he man , who tighten up they rank , and become more wary . they push forward into the reed . evolet , moha , and lu'kibu walk with the other prisoner , they progress through the high , thick reed make very difficult by they yoke . the warlord be riding next to she . he stare at she . lu ' kibu I think he want to claim you . evolet shudder , repulse by the idea . ext . lost valley / deep in the reed - day the War Party move through the reed . Pov something moving , stalking , tracking the slave raider and captive . something move suddenly through the frame . very quick , barely see . human ? Animal ? a SOUND cause moha , lu 's kibu , and the other captive hunter to jerk they head in the same direction ... 42 . at the back of the war party , a wiry slave raider , lag a bit , kick he horse to catch up ... suddenly , something big , and very fast , see only fleetingly , streak past the camera , slamm into the trail slave raider ... two scream , one animal , the other , the death scream of the slave raider ... everyone turn , catch only the barest glimpse of a large creature , just as it reenter the reed , carry the slave raider , who scream in agony ... the warlord , he spear draw , ride back , and rein he horse to a stop , but there 's nothing to fight ... he grab the rein of the terrify , riderless horse . he look at the reed , but they be too thick for he to see anything ... he bark a command to he man . they tighten up they rank even more , and they move on , the fear hang over they . the captive move closer to the heavily armed slave raider . ext . lost valley / under the tree - afternoon the hunter move through the jungle , approach the reed . tic'tic notice a mark among the track . he point it out to d'leh and ka'ren . a partial footprint , not human , not horse . large , three - to , claw . the hunter exchange look . they have never see anything like it before . they move on . ext . lost valley / reed - late afternoon the hunter move silently through the reed . baku walk point . he stop , look at the ground . d'leh , tic'tic , and ka'ren step up . they look at the ground before they , see the mark of the attack on the slave raider -- blood , bit of flesh , horse and human track , and the track of whatever kill the slave raider . d'leh see some tear cloth . he pick it up , and rub it between he finger . 43. d' leh someone be kill here ... then drag off into the reed ... Pov something moving , through the reed , watch , stalking this four human ... the hunter sense something in the reed near they . they grip they spear ... a shadow move ... then a quick flurry of shadow in the reed nearby ... then nothing ... baku ( whisper ) what be it ? tic ’'tic whatever kill here ... be not just one ... they be many ... they move on , weapon ready , carefully scan the reed as they go . ext . lost valley / campsite of the slave raider - night the slave raider have set up camp at one end of a fern meadow . one side of the meadow be border by jungle , the other side be border by the reed . Beyond the reed be the river . a large campfire . the horse and the captive be tie up , near each other , on the fringe of the encampment , barely within the light of the campfire . the slave raider eat . as they finish they food , they throw they scrap to the captive . the warlord eat , he eye on evolet . he see she pick up and eat one of the scrap . he rise and walk over to she . he speak to she , miming drink water , then shaking he head . it be clear that he 's tell she not to do with he food what she do with he water . she look at he , unblink . he give she he piece of meat . she immediately tear it into several piece , and give they all to other captive . then she scuff through the dirt , find the most unappetize of the scrap and eat it , while glaring at the warlord . the warlord stare at she , then he grab some more meat from a spit and sit down at the fire to eat with he man . 44 , ext . lost valley / hunter 's watch post - night d'leh , tic'tic , ka'ren , and baku watch the War Party encampment from the far side of the fern meadow . d' leh tonight . we must free they tonight . tic '' tic no , not here , not tonight . d' leh why wait ? tic '' tic this be not a good place . d' leh but ... tic '' tic no . be patient . d’leh reluctantly nod . ext . lost valley / hunter 's camp - night ( later ) d'leh , ka'ren , and baku sleep . a short distance away , on the edge of the meadow , tic'tic sit on watch , look down the length of the meadow at the slave raider 's camp . tic'tic rise , walk back to d'leh , and prod he awake . d'leh rise . tic'tic give he the hunt whistle , then lie down , and go immediately to sleep . d'leh walk over to the watch post . he sit , stare intently at the glow of the slave raider 's fire . ext . lost valley / campsite of the slave raider - night evolet lie among the captive , look out into the darkness , listen to the sound of the night . she close she eye , try to sleep , but sleep will not come . she look up at the NORTH STAR , finger the necklace d'leh give she . ext . lost valley / hunter 's watch post - night d'leh look at the NORTH STAR . then he look at the glow of the fire in the slave raider 's camp . he stand , feel himself draw to the slave raider 's camp , toward evolet . 45 . d’leh look back at tic'tic , ka'ren , and baku , and see that they be all asleep . he make he decision . d'leh head off , move low through the fern , head toward the slave raider 's camp . ext . lost valley / fern meadown - pre dawn d'leh stealthily approach the slave raider 's camp . he see the sentries , who be tired , not alert . the one sentry near the captive be sound asleep . the fire be lower , the captive be in the shadow . d'leh crawl closer and closer , stop just outside the light of the fire . he rise slightly and , for the first time , he see evolet . his breath come hard . he decide that it be time ... d'leh gently blow tic'tic 's hunting whistle , emit a birdlike trill ... ext . lost valley / campsite of the slave raider - pre dawn evolet 's eye SNAP OPEN . she hear the whistle in the night , and know exactly what it be . she scan the darkness , try to pinpoint where it 's come from .. d'leh blow the whistle again ... evolet see the dark figure of d'leh approach . as thrilled as she be by he attempt to come for she and free she , she be also very nervous that he will be capture . she look around and discover , about a hundred foot away , two guard with they horse stand post . d'leh have reach she . silently they embrace , desperately . they do not want to let go - until one of the guard 's horse neigh . d'leh quickly come back to he sense . he cut evolet 's hand free and then they both crawl over to the other captive . they shake the first two captive awake , neither of whom can believe what be happen . d'leh have to signal they to stay quiet as he start to work on they wooden yoke . 46 . ext . lost valley / edge of the campsite - pre dawn whatever be stalking the campsite have move closer to the guard and they horse . it keep hide in the high fern . suddenly , one of the horse pick up a scent and spook - it whinnie and rear up on its hind leg . the guard be about to lose control of the panicked horse . in a instant , the other horse start to panic as well ! ext . lost valley / campsite of the slave raider - pre dawn d’'leh , who have just start to cut through the thick rope of the first two captive 's wooden yoke , turn in surprise . he have no idea what be cause the commotion . ext . lost valley / camp of the mammoth hunter - pre dawn tic'tic come awake with a start . he look around and realize immediately that d'leh be go . ext . lost valley / campsite of the slave raider - pre dawn the din wake the warlord and he man . just as d'leh finish cut they free , the two mammoth hunter start to panic . d'leh and evolet can only watch as they jump up and run away . immediately , d'leh rush over and start work on the rope of moha and lu'kibu . the warlord discover they . he shout order in all direction . then he run to he horse , leap onto it and tear after they . d'leh cut the rope he be work on and frees moha and lu'kibu . but evolet make he aware that one - Eye be rush over to check on the captive . d'leh realize that it be impossible to free any more of he people and signal moha and lu'kibu to slip away . ext . lost valley / fern meadow - pre dawn they all try to use the high fern as cover . but when d'leh turn he realize that the warlord and he man have already capture the other two freed slave . at this moment one - Eye discover he . he shout a warning . 47 . the warlord turn he horse and look in he direction and the two menus eye meet ! for a split second time stand still ... then d'leh turn to evolet , moha and lu'kibu and scream as if he life be in the balance -- d' leh run ! everybody start to run , and the warlord order he man to follow he as he go after d'leh and evolet . one - Eye jump on a horse . when they have cross half of the fern meadow , d'leh see tic'tic , ka'ren and baku up ahead in the shadow of the tree . even from this distance , he can see that tic'tic be furious . he start towards he as the warlord and he man close in . ext . lost valley / edge of fern meadow - pre dawn d’leh , evolet , moha and lu'kibu reunite with tic'tic . then they all start to run . the tree give they a slight advantage . they gain ground - but then lu'kibu stumble and fall . the warlord 's man be on he almost immediately . ext . lost valley / second fern meadow - pre dawn tic ’tic and the other burst out of the tree onto another fern meadow . in the next moment , the warlord and he man appear behind they . Riding through the fern , they quickly close the gap . tic'tic realize that the reed to they leave be they only hope . tic ’'tic this way . everybody see he head for the reed . d'leh , evolet and the other follow he . when tic'tic and baku reach the reed , they turn and see that one - Eye have catch up with ka 'ren . 48 . one - Eye throw a net and catch ka'ren in full stride . the young hunter go down . the warlord and he man close in on lu'kibu . d'leh and evolet stop for a moment , only to see first ka'ren and then lu' kibu get capture . then they have to run again , because the warlord be come for they . there be fury in he eye . d'leh and evolet make it into the reed just in time before the warlord can catch he . ext . lost valley / reed - pre dawn now united with tic'tic and baku , they scramble into the reed . the warlord and he man follow . but they horse be too big and heavy . they hoof sink deep into the ground . with he slim body , baku can move through the reed faster than tic'tic , d'leh and evolet . but suddenly the boy stop stock still . ahead of he , he make out a unhuman movement . tic'tic appear by he side . sense the same kind of movement to the leave , he spin . when d'leh and evolet stop next to they , we make out movement everywhere in the reed . but we get only glimpsis of something big - and fast . baku clutches d'leh . baku ( whisper ) there ! d'leh , evolet and tic'tic turn . now they can see more of what be stalking they . we make out huge beak , ugly black body with pale feather and savagely talone three - to foot -- a flock of terror bird ! one of the most relentless predator of the era . enormous beak serve as deadly scythes . unable to fly , they pack -hunt they prey with merciless speed . 49 . when d'leh and the other turn to run back , they see the warlord and he man ride up . but the warlord also stop in shock , he face a expression of utter disbelief . a overhead shot reveal -- the mammoth hunter and they pursuer alike be surround by more than twenty terror bird ! nobody dare to move . a deadly moment still the reed . then the first bird attack ! a giant beak knock one of the slave raider off he horse ! they all stare in horror as the creature rear its head . wham ! wham !-- the bloody beak hammer into the helpless slave raider . d'leh and evolet be attack . they duck as a beak three foot long slice through the air where they head be a instant earlier . the reed behind they be cut in half , as if by a razor . d'leh pull evolet backwards . baku stare with a open mouth ! the boy be too shocked to move when the bird turn on he . tic'tic rush to he rescue . he kill the bird with a mighty thrust of he spear . d'leh , evolet and baku look on in horror . tic 'tic run ! they look at he with big eye . tic'tic fend off the next bird . tic ’'tic ( more urgent ) run ! d'leh and evolet grab baku and pull he along . they dive into the reed . tic'tic stab the bird - he do not kill it but busy some time to run after they . he get a last glimpse of the warlord and he man as they also fight off the vicious attack of this predator . 50 . tic'tic run through the reed , try to follow d'leh and evolet . suddenly he stop in he track . a terror Bird stand in front of he . he raise he spear . d'leh have stop to wait for tic'tic . he can not make he out . but then he see movement in the reed . first one , then two and then a third terror Bird have discover they . d'leh , evolet and baku have no choice but to run . ext . lost valley / edge of reed with tree - pre dawn baku storm out of the reed . he see a tree ahead . he run towards it and climb it as fast as he can . when he look down he discover that the three bird have nearly catch up with d'leh and evolet . baku ( shouting ) evolet ! here ! but they have no time to climb the tree - the bird be too close . they have no other choice than to keep run . baku watch in panic as d'leh and he sister disappear into the jungle with two bird on they heel . he have not notice that the third bird have discover he ! in the next moment a beak rip the base of the branch on which baku be stand . the boy leap for another branch , grab it and pull himself higher . but again a beak smashes into it . he have to leap for the next higher one , just as the beak slice through the air beneath he foot . the bird jump again and again try to reach he when , finally , baku pull himself up to safety . ext . lost valley / reed - pre dawn tic'tic be still battle he bird . with a swift move , he bury he spear into the flank of the animal . the bird go down , but be still able to rip he beak into tic ' tic 's side . the Old Hunter go down , seriously hurt . the world go silent . 51 . the wounded terror Bird still manage to rise again and appear above tic'tic . laying on he back , with incredible effort , he raise he spear . tic'tic stare into the cold and unblink eye of the predator and for a moment -- time stand still . then -- wham !!! tic 's tic ram he White spear into the neck of the terror Bird . ext . lost valley , gigantic tree - pre dawn d'leh and evolet run for they life . they manage to duck under the root system of one of the gigantic tree . a mistake . they be cornere . wherever they turn , one of the bird be slashing at they . d'leh try to stab they with he spear . the bird get frustrated and start to dig with they claw . the dirt fly . d'leh realize that they be in a trap . he turn to evolet . d' leh I must lead they away . evolet no. d' leh this be the only way . and before she can protest , he crawl out from under the tree 's root and start to run . the bird pause at the unexpected move . d'leh attract they with a shout . the bird give chase . evolet see d'leh and the bird disappear between the tree . ext . lost valley / reed - pre dawn the slave raider be still battle the terror bird all around they . the warlord have to fend they off from all side . suddenly one of the bird grab he horse by the head and it go down . 52 . in the last moment , the warlord manage to get off the fall animal . but on the ground he have lose the advantage of height - it be dire . he look around and see one of he man fight nearby . the warlord make a gruesome , calculate decision . he throw he spear at one of he own man , hit he deep in the chest . the wounded raider scream out at the betrayal as he tumble to the ground . all the bird immediately hack into he and the warlord 's horse . the warlord grab the dead raider 's horse and mount it . realizing that the bird be distract , he shout for he remain man to retreat . ext . jungle , bamboo forest - pre dawn d'leh dodge through the trunk of the bamboo , head to where the bamboo grow thickest . the terror Bird close to he slam its beak into a bamboo trunk just behind he with a hollow booming SOUND . d'leh duck and squeeze between two trunk in the last moment . the bird follow he be too big to fit . d'leh squeeze into a still narrower gap and the bird now caw in frustration . the plant be too dense for they to follow . when they hear the feed call of they fellow bird , they move on . d'leh see they disappear and slump against the bamboo barrier that save he life , panting for breath . ext . lost valley - gigantic tree - dawn the sky have turn a pale blue . silence . evolet listen to the now far- off call of the terror bird . she crawl from under the root and start to look for d'leh . ext . lost valley , mount with tree - dawn baku cautiously climb down he tree and take one fearful step on the ground . eye flitting leave and right -- 53 . a twig break with a SNAP . baku spin and see -- evolet ! evolet rush to she brother . evolet baku ! you should not be here . baku we come to -- save you -- but in the next moment he face go pale . evolet turn and see the warlord stand there . when she look to run in the other direction , one - Eye appear before they . the warlord dismount and walk to evolet . she put she arm protectively around baku . the warlord look at the boy , and guess they relationship . the warlord reach out , and grab evolet roughly by a hank of hair at the back of she head . he pull she face toward he , and raise he fist to beat she ... then , he stop ... he look at she closely and lower he fist . he relax he tight grip on she hair , but do not remove he hand from she hair . instead , he stroke it once , gently ... he asks her a question in he language , motion to the jungle and the reed . baku ( cont 'd ) ( to evolet ) he 's ask about d’leh . the warlord look at baku with surprising tolerance . he like audacity . the warlord wait . he get nothing from they . he do not really expect to . he turn and stride to he horse , barking a order to two of he man who quickly bind evolet and baku . ext . lost valley , jungle and group of tree - dawn d'leh turn . he have hear voice , he hear the neigh of horse . with a worried face , he rush through the jungle . Hidden , he look through the foliage and spot the warlord 's man who be just finish roping evolet 's and baku 's hand . the warlord mount he own horse and , with a last look around , ride off . 54 . d'leh watch in pain , as evolet and baku disappear into the jungle . there be nothing he can do . CUT to : ext . lost valley / reed - sunrise d'leh be look for tic'tic . suddenly he hear loud noise and see movement in the reed . the whole flock of terror bird be fight over the remain of the warlord 's horse . d'leh discover the body of the slave raider the warlord kill . he can not make it out clearly , but see enough to realize it be not tic'tic 's body and back away . CUT to : ext . lost valley / edge of the reed - day d'leh finally discover tic'tic . he have obviously drag himself to the edge of the reed but lay now half cover in water , unconscious . d'leh rush over to he and discover that he be still alive . but the side of he leg be rip open and he be bleed heavily . d'leh pick he up and carry he out of the reed . CUT to : ext . top of boulder - sunset the sun be turn red . d'leh have make a stretcher out of bamboo stick , on which he now drag tic’tic , barely conscious . we see the lose valley recede in the distance . when d'leh reach the top of the boulder he see a savannah stretch out endlessly to the horizon in all direction . a few more step ahead , he lay the stretcher with tic'tic down on the ground and catch he breath . on instinct he look up ... 55 . d'leh can now see the caravan of the slave raider ! the warlord and he troops be only a few mile ahead of they . CUT to : ext . savannah - sunset evolet be walk at the end of the slave caravan . she turn and look at the big boulder which separate the lose Valley from the savannah . she look in vain for a sign of d'leh ... CUT to : ext . on top of boulder / by the pond - dusk tic'tic lie , unconscious , next to a small fire . d'leh add wood to the fire , then he take from the flame a pointed stick , its end burn and glow . d'leh pull off tic'tic 's bandage , put the burn stick on the wound , then firmly shove it in along the deep gash ... tic'tic 's 's flesh hiss and burn . even unconscious , tic'tic writhes and moan with pain ... d’leh hold to the task , carefully cauterize the length of the open wound .... smash CUT : ext . on top of boulder / by the pond - night a star fill sky . tic'tic twist in he sleep , feverish and sweaty . d'leh come from the pond with a wet piece of leather and wipe the face of the Old Hunter . d' leh do not die , tic'tic , please , do not die . you say , be patient , but I would not listen . please live , and if you do , I will listen , and I will learn ... d'leh stand , and look down at the nearly unconscious tic'tic. 56 . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) first we sleep , then we eat , eh ? ... we will need food . d'leh look at the White spear on the ground next to tic'tic . d'leh pointedly pick up he own , more modest spear , instead of the White spear . then he head off into the darkness . CUT to : ext . savannah - night d'leh be stalking a herd of antelope . the moonlight show we they sand -hued back and long and twisted horn . he creep closer to they with he spear ready . fifty foot . forty . thirty . twenty . finally , d'leh hurl the spear -- it_ hit one of the animal and it fall to the ground , dead . d’leh can not believe he success . he hurry over to the fall antelope to pull out the spear . a loud and angry grunt ! he look up and see -- a black rhino , seven foot tall at the shoulder , five ton of armored muscle . it blink at he and let out a angry , roaring hiss ! d'leh be paralyze ! slowly , he begin to back away . he manage to retreat a couple of step . but then -- the rhino charge at he in a fury ! he turn and run as fast as he can with the rhino barrel after he . d'leh try to find refuge in the thicket . he rip he side as he run between two thorny bush . at full speed he dive under a fall tree . but the raging rhino smashes right through the brittle wood . in a frenzy , d'leh change he direction . but only moment later , the rhino be at he heel again ! the animal be now so close that its roar be deafen . d'leh can sense the pounding of its foot right behind he . there be no more room for escape . the rhino be upon he ! d'leh scream in horror as he see its horn aim for he leg . he jump to the side , when suddenly -- 57 . the ground drop out from under he and_he plunge out of sight ! int . pit trap - night his spear go fly as he fall -- into a pit trap ! d'leh hit hard , scant inch from one of the thick wooden spike protrude from the ground . they be sharpen to a needle-point . d'leh be out cold . he do not see the two yellow eye glow in the dark ! smash CUT to : int . old mother be hut - night Old mother startles awake with a loud scream ! again blood run from she nose . she be breathe heavily . she hear the voice of she people whom she have awaken with she scream . she look towards the entrance of she hut . snow flurry dance in the ice cold wind . from all side , the remain member of the tribe appear at the entrance to she hut , watch Old mother with worried eye . CUT to : ext . pit trap - night lightning and thunder rage . the first raindrop hit d'leh 's face . d'leh wake up . he lick the rainwater off he dry lip . he look around , disorient , shocked to still be alive . vulture be feast on the body of a antelope , dead on a spike as rain begin to pour into the pit . as the pit be situate on a slight incline , the water rush in over the side of the pit as well . 58 . in the eerie moonlight , he can just make out the dimension of the pit -- fifteen foot deep , with overhange wall of pack earth . his spear gleam in the shadow on the far end of the pit . d'leh get to he foot and walk between the spike to retrieve it . he reach out to grab he spear and out of the darkness -- a_huge saber tooth TIGER lunge at he ! six inch tooth snap at d'leh ! the animal let out a terrifying roar ! and d'leh jump backwards and scream ! lightn flash again , and we see the Tiger be stuck , pin beneath one of the log that once cover the trap . blood trickle from a wound on he side . the Tiger struggle to free itself , but its movement be futile . the animal finally let out a frustrate and terrifying roar which make the vulture tear into flight in a frenzy . d'leh realize with concern that the water be rise faster and faster . this be a desperate situation . he decide to try to climb the wall , but they be too slippery from the rain and he fall back into the pit , nearly get impale on one of the spike - again . he have now cheat death a second time in this pit . he slowly get to he foot and assess the situation . it be clear that this be a place of death . there be no clear way of scale the wall - nothing long enough to reach the rim . until he notice the log which pin down the tiger . it 's break branch could make for a ladder . the Tiger struggle . unfamiliar territory for the predator . d'leh make a decision . very carefully , he begin to move towards the Tiger . he look the Tiger in the eye . d' leh ssshh ... I understand you anger , brother hunter , but I do not make this trap . the tiger growls , rumbling , glaring at d'leh , who continue to speak very softly . 59 . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) perhaps we can make a bargain . I need this piece of tree and I will set you free ... the water keep rise ... d'leh reach the log that have the Tiger pin . the Tiger struggle more and more with the desperate situation . he watch d'leh , who continue come closer and closer . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) it be not just I , brother hunter . there be other . if I die here , it be bad for they . better if we both live .. the Tiger do not move . d'leh take another step closer , he heart in he throat . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) sssh -- do not eat I when I set you free . d'leh touch the log . the Tiger struggle as the water rise . d'leh make he decision . he push hard on the log . try to roll it free of the Tiger . the animal growls again with its chin drag in the muddy water . d'leh push harder on the log . it start to shift . he strain and push with all he might . d'leh ( push ) aaaahhhh ! the log pull free -- and with he last strength , the saber tooth Tiger come to its foot and send the heavy log fly . the Tiger turn to look d'leh in the eye and roar , tooth long as dagger . then the huge cat leap over d'leh . its talon carve into the muddy wall and the Tiger go up with a burst of speed -- and the Tiger be go . d'leh do not lose any time . he grab the heavy log and manage to lean it against the wall of the pit . 60 . then he dive down and , after a long moment , come burst out of the water again , clutching he spear in he hand . holding it tightly , d'leh start to climb up the log . ext . edge of pit trap - night d'leh 's hand appear and then with one last effort he pull himself out of the pit . then he lay on the rim of the pit for a while , panting and catch he breath . when he look around , he see the Tiger stand there , as if watch to see if d'leh make it out . the Tiger then turn and disappear . d'leh breathes a sigh of relief . CUT to : ext . savannah - dawn the night be over and the sky have turn pale again . d'leh be back at the spot where he kill the antelope . but a flock of vulture be already feast on the carcass . CUT to : ext . on top of boulder / by the pond - sunrise d’'leh walk back into the campsite where he leave tic'tic . the fire be out . tic'tic be nowhere to be see . d'leh , worried , look around . he see some track and follow they to a lookout point on the ridge , where he find tic'tic look at something in the distance . d'leh be relieved . d' leh I fear you be dead . tic'tic say nothing . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) tic ’tic , I be sorry . tic'tic brushes off the apology with a motion , and point in the distance , where column of dark smoke rise . 61 . tic'tic gesture to he to stay down . d'leh crawl next to he and look also over the rim . Far in the distance he see a village . plume of dark smoke rise from the burn hut . d'leh look puzzle . he have never see such a advanced settlement . we realize that the settlement be surround by green field . CUT to : ext . field near nakudus village - day tic'tic and d'leh approach the village . d’leh have to support tic'tic as they walk . smoke rise . no one be visible . the two hunter reach the till field . d'leh kneel to run he hand over the new green shoot of barley poke out of the ground . then he discover one of the wooden hoe the villager have leave behind . he pick it up and show it to tic'tic . d'leh this be not a spear . they look at it , then toss it down , and move on . ext . nakudus village , square - day enter the destroy village , very cautiously , they come by a ring of mud-walled hut . d'leh scratch the wall with he fingernail , revealing the brown and porous mud beneath it . d'leh ( surprised ) this stone have a skin around they ! they venture deeper into the village and reach the center square . the door to the hut stand wide open , break pottery scattered everywhere , but -- no sign of life . 62 . they come by a huge earthen pot fill with grain . d'leh smell it . he realize it 's food , but it 's not particularly appetizing . they hungry eye spot a bowl of dry meat . they hurry over . d'leh lower tic'tic to the ground and they both start stuff they mouth eagerly . they stop at approaching sound . a shadow fall over they . d'leh and tic’tic now stare up at a fierce look warrior -- this be nakudu . he be from the tribe of the naku . he wear a headdress with two sabre teeth hang down on each side of he face and he body be paint for war . when tic'tic reach for he spear , he be brutally kick in the face by nakudu . as the Old Hunter go down , d'leh jump to he foot and step in front of tic'tic to protect he . nakudu yell a order and a group of fierce look warrior appear from behind the destroy building . the naku Warrior slowly begin to surround d'leh . they form a tighter and tighter circle with they spear point at he . with quick move , d'leh turn to all side , hold on tightly to the White spear . but there be no chance for escape , when suddenly -- d'leh stumble backwards over the fire pit , landing in the ash . nakudu quickly move in . he raise he spear ready to slay he -- but then nakudu freeze ! he slowly retreat with a look of terror on he face . the naku Warrior backup . we hear a mighty roar ! d'leh turn . he see a saber tooth TIGER move slowly , threateningly into the village square ... the Tiger start at nakudu and he man ! they all shy back , startle and scared . but then the Tiger turn and advance towards d'leh . 63 . tic ’tic have regain he bearing . he look on in fear as the big cat reach the young hunter . the animal pace around he and then move over he and lower its head . d'leh stare paralyze at its huge saber teeth , only inch from he face and discover the wound in its neck -- this be the TIGER from the pit . d' leh brother hunter ... you must remember I . to the silent amazement of everyone , d'leh talk to the tiger ... d'leh I set you free -- I be you friend . the tiger look up at d'leh , then turn , and , for a long moment , stare right at nakudu and he man . then the TIGER let out a ground - shaking roar , then turn and walk away . everyone watch in awe . the naku Warrior turn to each other , and speak amongst themselves , with nakudu speak with the most urgency ... nakudu step from the group , to d'leh . nakudu you speak to the spear tooth . d'leh and tic'tic exchange a surprised look . d'leh turn to nakudu . d'leh how do you come to speak we word ? nakudu turn to he man . they be have a heat argument . they chatter all at the same time , it seem , in they strange language , scattered with many click and hiss . d'leh and tic'tic exchange look . after a while the naku man seem to have come to a conclusion . nakudu step up to d'leh and tic'tic . nakudu come. 64 . nakudu and he man stride off . d'leh and tic'tic have no other choice but to follow . ext . naku boulder - day tower sandstone monolith . within sight of the village . d’leh and tic'tic follow the naku Warrior to the base of the sandstone monolith . nakudu stop and call up . one by one , woman and child appear , look over the edge of the platform . d’leh and tic'tic exchange a look . d'leh turn to nakudu . d' leh be this where you people go when attack ? nakudu do not answer . his attention be on the platform , where three chair , attach to rope , be let down over the edge . each chair hold a very old man , the tribal wise men . as the old man be gently lower to the ground , more rope and rope ladder be drop , and other member of the tribe climb down . the three old man reach the ground and be help from they chair . they speak for a moment with nakudu , and be amaze at what he tell they . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) what do he say ? nakudu you be hungry . we will eat . CUT to : int . communal hut - naku village - night d'leh and tic'tic have not eat a real meal in day . they wolf down the food , scarcely pause to chew . with they , on the opposite side of the room , sit the Wise Men , nakudu and he man . several other older man , woman and child be crowded in the background , watch , listen . 65 . we notice that the wall of the hut have the pelt of saber tooth Tigers hang from they -- clearly the animal be much revere here . d'leh pick up a piece of flat bread . he look at it curiously then bite in to it . d' leh ( to tic' tic ) the food be different -- but good . he immediately get cut off by the Wise men. nakudu translate . nakudu not speak . eat . tic'tic look around and realize he have to finish eat before he can ask a question . he look over to d'leh and let out a loud burp . nakudu 's tribe react - everybody beat on the ground with they hand . after that they all stare at D ’leh . it be a unusual moment . d' leh ( whisper to tic'tic ) what do they want ? nakudu you not like naku food ? it take d'leh a few moment to understand what they expect from he ... he finally swallow and let out a mighty belch . this time the naku people beat even louder and one of the Wise Men speak . nakudu translate . nakudu ( cont 'd ) now you speak . tic ’tic clear he throat . tic '' tic we come over the mountain . we be look for we steal brother . nakudu we know where you come from . tic'tic be stunne . d'leh cut in . d' leh how do you know ? and how do you know we word ? 66 . nakudu translate to the Wise Men . they motion nakudu to answer he . nakudu move closer to d'leh . nakudu a man come from the mountain before ... he be look for the land with two sun .... the Wise Men tell I to learn he word . this word have great impact on d'leh and tic'tic . nakudu ( cont 'd ) he teach we to build trap to kill the spear tooth , we enemy . nakudu pause . then he point to d'leh . nakudu ( cont 'd ) you have he face . amaze , d'leh turn to tic'tic . d' leh he speak of my father . tic'tic nod quietly . d'leh turn back to nakudu . d'leh ( cont 'd ) ( try to hide the emotion in he voice ) what happen to he ? nakudu look back and translate what be say to the Wise Men . they argue a while under themselves , then the oldest of they speak to nakudu , who turn to d'leh and tic'tic . nakudu the Wise Men of the naku want you to come . CUT to : ext . naku cave - night the three Wise Men , nakudu , and the naku Warrior lead d'leh and tic'tic to the mouth of some cave . the scene be light by torch . 67 . int . naku cave - night the torch move into the cave , casting shifting light . throw shadow . the cave entrance be narrow , then open up into a large , vault cavern , eerie , stunningly beautiful . the wall of the cavern be cover with cave painting . hundred of they , depict hundred of year of tribal history , dream , and myth . d' leh who make this picture ? nakudu they be here long before we people come to the Water of naku . the Wise Men lead the group to one of the face of the wall , the light of they combine torch illuminate what 's before they ... the oldest of the Wise Men narrate the tale , and nakudu do a simultaneous translation for d'leh and tic'tic . nakudu ( cont 'd ) for as long as we remember ... this man have come from the sunrise ... they take we people ... and not only we people ... we neighbor .... all have suffer ... the old man point to a series of cave painting , image , show war , and raider on horseback ... d'leh where do they take they ?. nakudu four day walk to the river . there they put they on they big bird ... who can fly into the desert . nakudu point to another painting depict strange rectangular , birdlike image . d'leh go ahead . he 's see something else . he point at one of the image , show structure with ramp , surround by many human figure . d' leh what be this ? nakudu translate and the wise man answer in a somber tone . 68 . nakudu this be where we people die . ( pause ) the mountain the god build ... to live forever . again the Wise man speak . nakudu ( cont 'd ) the Wise Men say , you will lead we there ... d'leh be stunne . d' leh I ? nakudu yes . there be a old tell . one day a man will appear , who can talk to the spear tooth , a man who will lead we in war , to free we people ... nakudu walk over to the last painting , where we see a army lead by one single man .. nakudu ( cont 'd ) you be that man ... this all have a powerful emotional effect on d’leh . ext . nakudus village - night ( later ) the village lie quietly in the darkness by the lake . int . nakudus village , hut - night d’leh watch as one of the naku woman put salve on tic'tic 's wound , then adeptly bandage it with a broad leaf . she quietly exit the hut when she be finish . d'leh lie down near tic'tic . tic '' tic the ancient father continue to play with you . d'leh be too troubled to smile . d' leh what should we do ? 69 . tic ’'tic they believe you to be they leader . if it be true , so be it . d' leh I be no leader of man , no mighty warrior . tic '' tic perhaps you be more than you think . we people have they own tell , different , but not so different . tic'tic pause for a moment . then he decide to tell d'leh about they prophecy ... tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) the ancient father tell we that a hunter would arise from the last great mannak hunt , a warrior who would lead we people away from we valley to a land of two sun . this be new to d'leh . he look at tic'tic with big eye . d' leh do you think that warrior be I ? tic '' tic I do not know . you father think it might be he . that 's why he leave . he be search for the land of the two sun . he want to save we people . d'leh try to make sense of all this . he shake he head . d' leh why do not you tell I ? why do you let I believe all this year that my father be a coward ? tic '' tic Old mother do not want we people to know that he journey have fail . she think ... d'leh interrupt . d' leh I only want to find evolet and bring she home , and maybe find my father if he be still alive . 70 . d'leh sit quietly with this . tic 's tic perhaps the ancient father have choose you to finish what you father start . tic ’tic look closely at d'leh . tic 's tic ( cont 'd ) a good man draw a circle around himself , and care for that within -- he woman , he child . other man draw a larger circle , and bring within they brother and sister ... ( beat ) and some man have a even bigger destiny , and feel they must draw a circle around themselves that include many , many more . ( beat ) you father be one of that man . you must decide for yourself , whether you be , as well . tic'tic look at d'leh , then turn over to go to sleep . d’leh 's mind whirl . he lie in the dark , stare . another night in which sleep will not come easily . ext . nakudu 's village - day the water of the lake reflect the first ray of the sun . the naku people be gather . nine naku warrior , include nakudu , prepare to leave with d'leh and tic’tic . the naku warrior finish pack , then start hit they spear against the handle of they knife , jump in unison . they woman and child join they . then they stop . the warrior go to they family for final good - by , which end with they gently touch they forehead together . the tenderness within the family be move . d'leh and tic'tic watch nakudu say goodbye to he wife . she cry as they touch forehead together . then nakudu leave she , join d'leh and tic'tic . d' leh you woman 's tear show she fear that you will not return . 71 . nakudu her tear be for we son , who be take yesterday . d'leh look at nakudu , then touch he on the arm , firmly , sympathetically . tic'tic notice the touch . nakudu thanks d'leh with a nod , then motion to he man , and they move out . the naku tribe , include the three old man , watch they go . close shot : nakudu 's wife , weep . CUT to : ext . savannah - day close shot : tudu , a boy about baku 's age , weep . camera pull back to reveal that : tudu and baku , be yoke together . tudu be one of a handful of new dark skinned prisoner who have be add to the slave raider 's captive . they trudge through the blaze hot sun , across a expansive savannah . evolet walk near they , roped but not yoke to another prisoner . we see ka 's ren who be weight down by the yoke he carry alone . he step up to evolet . ka 'ren ( nodd toward the warlord ) lu' kibu tell I that he would claim you . she give he a look . ka'ren ( cont 'd ) we all need water . evolet look around . the captive all look weak from thirst , they lip dry and blister . evolet walk up to the warlord , point at she dry lip , bold beyond she situation . the warlord look at she , fix on she audacity . he throw she he water bag . before she drink , she point at all the other prisoner . the warlord let out a short exhale . he think for a moment , then yell a order . 72 . a couple of the slave raider dig into they pack and pull out sponge , onto which they pour water from they skin canteen . they throw the sponge to the captive , who suck from they greedily . one of the slave raider hand a sponge to baku , who refuse with a proud look . one - Eye see and step up . he grab the sponge , and stick it in baku 's face . baku realize that he be face - to- face with the man who kill he mother . baku 's eye go cold , and he spit in one - Eye 's face . enrage , one - Eye grab baku by the hair , and hit he head against the yoke around he neck , again and again ... evolet stop ! you must stop ! tudu go to baku 's defense , kicking one - Eye furiously . that anger one - Eye even more , and he start whipping both boy . ka'ren , nearby , bravely throw he body at the slave raider . one - Eye get even more furious . in he anger , he let go of the two boy and start to hit ka'ren with he whip until he go down . the warlord watch , expressionless . when one - Eye be finish with ka'ren , he walk on . baku , he face bloody , watch in cold hatred ... CUT to : ext . savannah - day sway grassland . scatter stand of tree . herd of graze animal in the distance . Zebra , giraffe , springbok . tic'tic and d'leh kneel , look at the track of the War Party . tic'tic and d'leh exchange a look . nakudu look questioningly at they . tic ’'tic one day and a night ahead of we . d’leh look in the direction of the track , which head toward some steep mountain . he turn to nakudu . d' leh what be the fastest way through that mountain ? 73. nakudu point to the mouth of a gorge , several kilometer away . they head off in that direction . ext . gorge - day d'leh , tic'tic , nakudu , and the naku warrior approach the mouth of the gorge . nakudu hiss , and raise he hand . all stop . nakudu point into the gorge , where they see : a pride of saber tooth tiger . a dozen of they , male , female , young . they be lay about , be warm by the ray of the late day sun . the gorge be narrow , and to pass would mean walk very close to the tiger . two of the big male see the human ; they begin emit low , rumbling growls ... nakudu and he man speak among themselves . then nakudu speak to d'leh . nakudu ( matter -of -factly ) to go around would take a day ... or more . speak to they . tell they to let we pass . d'leh stand there , with tic'tic at he side , look at the narrow gorge and the tiger . tic'tic scan they also . tic ’'tic I do not see you friend among they . d' leh neither do I . tic '' tic perhaps he tell they about you . Gallows humor . d'leh sigh . nakudu and he man watch , wait for he to do he thing . d' leh ( whisper to tic'tic ) they will eat we . d'leh see some vulture circle over the carcass of some antelope , near the tiger . 74 . he look at the vulture , then at the tiger , note that two of they be still eat , gnaw on carcass , and two other have blood on they face and paw . the naku Warrior be get agitate . nakudu demandingly motion for d'leh to lead the way . tic ’'tic make up you mind or they will get angry -- d'leh bow he head and make a decision . without look back at tic'tic or nakudu -- he walk into the gorge ... the other watch as d'leh walk on a path that take he right between the tiger . he walk steadily , to all appearance , calmly . d'leh 's eye show a different story . he half - expect to be rip to piece at any moment , but , with he back to the other , he do not show it . nor do he breathe . soon everybody follow he at a safe distance with tic'tic bring up the rear of the group . the huge cat , lurking in the grass , circle the man as they pass . the tension rise even higher as a few of the tiger creep in close . they be now only a few foot away . but d'leh stay the course and continue to lead the man through the center of the pack . bead of sweat form on he brow . when they finally reach safe ground , he exhales and smile at tic'tic with great relief . nakudu and he man stare at he in awe . tic'tic step up next to d'leh , and they speak quietly , unheard by the other . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) I hope the ancient father do not tire of they game . d' leh it be not the ancient father ... d’leh nod toward the vulture circle the antelope carcass . then he motion to the blood on the tiger 's paw and face . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) my friend be simply not hungry . 75 . tic'tic smile . they start to move out , then stop as they see , on a rise ahead of they : warrior . a dozen man , very threaten look . armed . they be the man of hoda tribe . tall , dark , impose . they leader be quina , very formidable . d’leh and tic'tic be not sure if they be about to do battle . they grip they spear . nakudu step forward , and speak to quina . from they gesture , it 's clear that d'leh be they main topic of conversation . nakudu rejoin d’leh and tic'tic . nakudu they lose some of they people too . they wish to join we . tic '' tic good . quina have come over and take a closer look at d'leh , who look nervously to nakudu . d' leh what do he want ? nakudu I tell they how you speak to the spear tooth . quina walk around d'leh slowly , carefully study he . then he stop with he face only inch away from d'leh 's face . after a long look in d'leh 's eye quina take a step back and make a deep bow . see this , the hoda warrior pound they spear against they shield and it become clear that they be honore d'leh . d’leh exchange look with nakudu and tic'tic . the pounding of the spear become louder and louder . as we CUT to : ext . savannah - day United with the hoda Warrior we man march across the savannah . 76 . they approach another village that have be attack by the slave raider and be join by its survive man . we hear the pounding of the spear get louder . as we CUT to : ext . savannah , hill - day d'leh , tic'tic , nakudu and quina be march side by side as they man make they way down a gentle hillside . a different tribe , with a strange skin color and even stranger body marking , join they . they speak with nakudu excitedly . this get translate to nakudu by quina . the pound of spear grow into a massive and thundering beat ! smash to : ext . savannah - before sunrise total silence . the sky begin to pale . d'leh lie beside a smoulder fire . tic'tic shake he awake . as d'leh get up he slowly realize that -- the entire field be now filled with warrior , all rise one by one or in whole group to get ready and march with he . d'leh stare in wonder . there must be hundred who have come to join they during the night . he turn to tic'tic -- d'leh I do not know the earth could hold so many spear . in the next moment a new group of warrior appear . by they demeanor we immediately know that they be bear bad news . they clearly speak in a tongue different from that of nakudu , as the whole process take a lot of time , with many people try to help with the translation ... 77 . d' leh ( impatient ) what be they say ? finally nakudu turn to d'leh . his face betray worry . nakudu they come from the river . the bird have arrive . d' leh how far be it to the river ? nakudu not far . but we must hurry . d'leh and tic’tic exchange a look . nakudu let out a war cry . nakudu ( cont 'd ) yahalah ! hundred of warrior follow he example and raise they spear and shout in response . then they start to move . CUT to : ext . sand dune by the river - day they be on the march - at a fast pace . they have enter a dune landscape with big black boulder and rock . d'leh start to enjoy lead he own army . with a proud smile he look over to tic'tic . as they climb the crest of a dune , d'leh 's smile fade -- ext . on top of a sand dune by the river - day there be many huge ship make out of reed with large , blood - red sail . but they have all launch , some just minute earlier . they be sailing away from a load area which be now desert . the last ship sailing away catch the wind . d'leh can make out the horse and slave on the boat . 78 . the river snake its way through sand dune to the horizon -- CUT to : ext . ship - day the slave be roped to the reed boat . baku sit next to evolet . his face be still beat up . with big eye he look around and then up to the huge , strain sail . he watch the wind catch they . frightened by what he see , he turn to he sister . baku ( whisper ) where do they bring we ? evolet I do not know , little brother . her voice bely she brave front . she look over to where the warlord sit and realize that he be watch they with a bemuse smile . CUT to : ext . on top of the sand dune by the river - day d'leh look around . he see the devastate face of he warrior . nakudu we come too late . the big bird have fly away . d’leh and tic'tic exchange a look . pause . d' leh we have to follow they . nakudu the river take they far . d'leh ( stubborn ) then we will walk farther -- nakudu it have never be do . no one have ever try to cross the big sea of sand . 79 . d'leh contemplate this . the first of the warrior have already turn to leave . tic'tic look at d'leh , who think for a moment and then yell the same battle cry he have hear from nakudu . d' leh yahalah and with this battle cry he start to march in the direction the ship be go . for a moment everybody be too stunne to contemplate the boldness of this move ... but then tic'tic begin to follow he . nakudu gather himself and join the march . one by one , and then group by group , the warrior start to march again . when d'leh reach the first of the sand dune he turn and look back . his pride at the courage of the man behind he - and he relief - be evident . the whole army be on the move again . CUT to : ext . edge of desert - later d'leh 's army march up a steep , mountainous sand dune . they stop at its crest . it be obvious that they have be walk for many day . the warrior be streak with sweat and dry - on sand , and many have makeshift turban wrap around they head . in front of they stretch a daunt sea of sand . it be awe - inspiring - and endless . the only feature in this barren desert be the blue river snake out to the horizon . there be no sign of the ship of the slave raider . tic'tic appear next to d'leh . he look worried . tic '' tic ( whisper ) I do not like what I see . d'leh know he be right , but they have no other choice . 80 . d' leh all we can do be follow the river . and with that he walk again . CUT to : ext . desert , deeper - day the army move on through the relentless heat . the sun fill the sky . uncover skin be blister , lip be raw . Water be greedily emptied from skin-canteen . d'leh look up at the sun . CUT to : ext . desert , even deeper - day day later , and the army look even more parched and sun - blast than before . a strong wind be blow . again d'leh lead the man . but he too be clearly at the very limit of he endurance . tic'tic see one of nakudu 's man collapse . d'leh do not even notice . tic'tic angrily catch up to he . tic '' tic D ' leh . we have to rest . d'leh look at he , numb . they stare at each other . d' leh no , we have to go on -- he start walk again . now tic'tic grab he by the throat and pull he close to he face . tic ’'tic we have to rest ! d’leh stare at he ... CUT to : 81 . ext . river - night the ship of the slave raider sail through the calm water , light by the full moon . the prisoner be all tie together on deck . everybody be sleep . except for -- one - Eye . when he see that the warlord be soundly asleep , he get up and slowly start search the ship . it take he a while to find what he be look for . when he see evolet sleep next to baku and tudu he crouch . in the next moment , one - Eye clasp one hand on evolet 's mouth to muffle she and then press the other between she leg ! evolet struggle to push he away but she be no match for he . baku startles awake . before he can scream , one - Eye knock he out cold . this bring panic into evolet 's eye . but in the next moment -- wham ! the warlord rip one - Eye off evolet . he kick he viciously , first in he face and then between he leg until he go unconscious . tremble , evolet look up at the warlord who breathes heavily . he reach out , want to cover up she shoulder , when suddenly he eye widen . he inch back , stare at she naked shoulder . one - Eye regains he sense . he look over and also notice what the warlord be stare at . a birthmark . when he notice one - Eye , the warlord quickly pull evolet 's clothes back over she shoulder . evolet give both man a fearful and puzzle look . CUT to : a STAR filled sky -- we see the North Star again and the belt of orion . the three star have the same configuration as evolet 's birthmark ... 82 . ext . desert - night d'leh be sit on the crest of a dune . fire be burn in the background . his exhaust man be sleep . d'leh stare at the bead from evolet 's necklace in he hand . then he look up at the sky and make out the North Star . suddenly he jump to he foot , run down the dune and shake tic'tic awake . d' leh ( excited ) you be right -- we must rest -- a groggy tic'tic look at he like the desert sun have finally make he crazy .... d’'leh ( cont 'd ) -- during the day and march at night . tic ’'tic how will we find we way with the moon rest under the earth . d' leh see that light in the sky ? ( point ) that one -- tic'tic look up . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) it will guide we . CUT to : ext . desert - night the army be now march at night , and look much more energize . d'leh be take the lead again . follow he star -- CUT to : ext . deeper in the desert - day the whole army be sleep during the day . 83 . tic'tic recline against he pack , the only man awake . he study d’leh , who be deep asleep . CUT to : ext . canyon - sunset the reed boat of the slave raider float through a deep canyon . evolet be awaken by a strange noise which reflect off the stone wall of the canyon . when she look around she notice that everybody be stare at something . her brother 's mouth be agape . evolet follow he look and discover -- a_ gigantic stone quarry in which thousand of worker slave away . they be cut huge rectangular piece of stone out of the mountain . a horrifying and breath-take image . in the foreground we see the stone block be load onto ship . evolet , ka'ren and baku look at each other . be this the place of they enslavement ? CUT to : ext . enormous sand dune - night the army be on they night march again . they be now crossing sand dune that be three or four hundred foot high . the wind be get stronger by the minute . tic'tic walk next to d'leh . they look at each other with worry . up ahead at the summit of the high dune , the wind kick up the sand and start to blot out the star . a sandstorm be blast d'leh 's army . they can not even talk over the scream wind . d'leh try to signal everyone to drop down to the ground . he do so himself , try to cover he body and face . tic'tic drop next to he . CUT to : 84 . ext . big dune - morning a gigantic sand dune , cover with strange bulge . one of the bulge move , then break open , as a arm appear ... d'leh emerge from the sand the bulge next to he open up , and tic'tic crawl out . one after another , the other bulge open and reveal d'leh 's warrior . d'leh and tic'tic hear something ... voice ? d’leh climb the steep dune , with tic'tic follow . as they reach the crest , they look out , astonished , unable to believe what they see : a _ enormous construction site on a scale beyond imagination . two massive building , one nearly complete , the other , half - finish , they gigantic size almost obscure they simple geometry ... they be pyramid thousands of worker cover the flank of the pyramid , and the surround plain . slave , twenty thousand soul , toil under the brutal sun . Beyond the pyramid , on a broad plateau overlook the Nile , stand a palace , the only complete building . a enormous wooden ship stick out of the back of the palace , as if the building have be construct around it . d'leh and tic'tic look at the site , try to comprehend what they see . nakudu step up next to they , amaze . nakudu the mountain of the god . d’leh look at the enormous number of slave , know that somewhere , among all that thousand , must be evolet . ext . nearly finished pyramid - late afternoon we fly over the enormous construction site , toward the pyramid that be nearly complete . in the light of the afternoon sun , we see thousand of slave work . team of man pull massive stone block up huge ramp , which be nearly as big as the pyramid themselves . 85 . at the top of the pyramid be a smaller pyramid , about ten foot high , sheathed in gold . this will be the capstone of the pyramid when it be finish . ramp , near the top ka'ren , lu'kibu , and moha pull rope , part of a gang of two hundred man , pull a multi-ton cut stone . hard , back - break work . lu ' kibu lose he foot and fall . one of the overseer whip he mercilessly , until he get to he foot and resume he place , pull . baku and tudu dump water in front of the stone to lubricate its movement . evolet trudge up the ramp , in a long line of woman , who carry water bucket on yoke . the work crew near the small golden pyramid . baku , run to refill he bucket , pause for a second to look at it . mesmerized , he reach out to touch its golden surface ... we hear a whip lashing ... baku arrgh -- baku turn in pain and look into the angry face of a slave Guard , who continue whipping he mercilessly until , suddenly ... a_strange horn sound the guard stop whipping baku , and start yell at the slave who immediately prostrate themselves , eye to the ground . baku , tudu , evolet , ka'ren , and the other new captive see what be happen . the guard yell at they , and they follow suit , lie down . after all of the slave lie down , the guard lie down as well . as the dust settles , a eerie stillness fall over the entire site . baku , tudu , and evolet lie near each other . very carefully , they raise they eye slightly , and look over the edge of the ramp , where in the distance , they see : the palace a crowd of bald man , of all age , all wear purple clothes . they be the priest . they converge at the palace step . 86 . the huge stone door of the palace open and a tall rectangular box get carry out . it be a gigantic litter , carry by a dozen man on either side . a procession form and head down the avenue from the palace to the pyramid . the litter be in front , with priest and guard follow in file . on the pyramid construction ramp everyone lie on the ground , all eye lower . ka 'ren , lu'kibu , and moha together . moha raise he eye slightly , take a glance , see the approach of the procession . moha ( whisper ) what do they carry ? ka'ren do not look up . he press he head to the ground . ramp near the top baku , tudu , and evolet lie near each other , peek , they see the litter . they whisper : baku they carry a god in that . evolet a god ? who tell you that ? baku tudu . one of the old man tell he . evolet you learn tudu 's word ? baku yes . some . viewing platform the procession reach the edge of the construction site . the litter be set down on a elaborate platform . the high priest step up to the litter , and part the curtain slightly . we realize he finger have extremely long fingernails which be paint gold . we get no view of the be within , save a glimpse of : 87 . Long golden finger , more articulate , more refine than that of the High Priest - but not really human . then we see -- cold eye , strangely distort ... we can hardly see they in the darkness of the litter . they be hide behind a thick veil ... for a long moment , the God observe the progress of he tomb . then , a flick of he hand , like the recoil of a insect . the High Priest close the litter 's curtain . the bearer pick up the litter , and the procession turn and head back , toward the palace , move through the construction site . on the ramp moha raise he eye slightly for another look . ka'ren snap a warning : ka 'ren moha ! do not look . too late . one of the slave guard see moha look . the slave guard wait , then , as soon as the procession be out of sight , he rise , call to several other slave guard . the slave guard grab moha , and throw he off the ramp . ka'ren and lu ’kibu look on in shock as ... moha fall , seventy foot to he death , landing with a sicken thud . one of the slave guard whip ka'ren and the other , yell at they to get back to work . as ka'ren go back to the rope , he and lu'kibu see moha 's body drag off , and throw onto a sledge that have several other body on it -- the day 's toll of the dead . CUT to : ext . dune by construction site - sunset a large flock of vulture circle overhead . Three small figure creep through the sand -- d'leh , tic' tic and nakudu do reconnaissance . d'leh see the vulture landing , one after another , disappear behind the next dune . 88 . d’leh climb the dune and look out to see a gruesome sight ... the corpse of the day have be dumped into the desert . vulture feast on they . tic'tic and nakudu join d'leh . they look out in horror . d'leh sees moha , among the dead . d' leh moha ... d'leh run to he . the vulture fly off . d'leh sink to he knee , look at moha 's dead eye . ext . slave check point - after sunset the sky darken . Endless line of slave make they way back towards they sleep quarter . they all have to pass by a checkpoint where they get count and -- separate . the male slave march on , while the female veer off to they own quarter , locate on the opposite side of the slave encampment . as evolet near the point at which the male and female slave be separate , she see a large , elaborately decorate sunshade stick out of the crowd , come she way . it be carry by a group of young slave boy . beneath it walk a heavyset man , accompany by the warlord . the heavyset man be the chief of the guard . they stop at a short distance from evolet . she realize with dread that the two man be talk about she . the warlord and the Chief of the Guards come to agreement on something . they shake hand , and the warlord smile at evolet . evolet watch the warlord walk back to he man , who hold he horse . one - Eye be among they , have watch all this very carefully . ext . rim of a sand dune - evening d'leh , tic'tic and nakudu appear behind a sand dune . 89 . in the fade light they watch the long line of male slave as they be herde into they miserable barrack . suddenly nakudu 's S eye widen . he have spot tudu , he son . nakudu ( whisper ) tudu . nakudu can barely hold himself back . d'leh and tic'tic spot they own people -- baku , ka'ren , lu’ kibu and the other -- d'leh 's eye search for evolet , but cannot find she . ext . outer wall - slave quarter - night ( later ) outside the wall . d'leh , tic'tic , and nakudu move into the shadow at the base of the wall . d'leh carry a rope , at the end of which be a grappling hook fashioned from the point of spear . they check for guard on the top of the wall -- none be visible . d'leh throw the hook and rope up . it do not catch . another throw , it catch on the top . d'leh start climb . the other wait they turn . ext . slave quarter - night slave guard patrol the building . one of the guard hear a noise , too late . nakudu impale he on he spear . d'leh and tic'tic move in quickly . tic'tic point to one of the building . d'leh nod and signal . they head in that direction . int . / ext . roof of slave quarter - night ( later ) d'leh , tic'tic , and nakudu crawl over the wooden grid of the ceiling and look down , into the horribly crowded slave barrack . nakudu touch d'leh 's arm and point to the middle of the room - — he_ have find the two boy . they crawl closer , and d'leh peel a piece of bark off one of the pole make up the grid on which they be crawl . 90 . he throw it at the boy . baku stir then wake up . he see the three figure silhouett against the deep blue sky . d' leh ( loud whisper ) baku ! baku realize who it be , and he 's overjoy . baku wake tudu and point . tudu see he father , and can barely restrain himself . they watch as d’leh , nakudu and tic'tic climb down into the crowded barrack . other slave begin to stir . nakudu tenderly press he forehead against he son' . baku D ' leh ... d' leh baku , where be you sister ? d'leh fear the worst . baku the woman be in different hut , but she be alive , I be with she today on the mountain . d'leh sigh with relief . he see tic'tic among ka'ren and the other mammoth hunters . d’leh join they , embrace ka'ren . d' leh I thank the ancient father to find you alive . ( beat ) I need you forgiveness , ka’ren . ka'ren look d’leh in the eye . ka 'ren you have it . by now almost all of the captive be awake . they gather around . d'leh speak , nakudu translate . d' leh we come to free you . we have many spear with we . they wait behind the sand . the face of the capture mammoth hunter light up . 91 . behind they , there be a sudden commotion . a giant of a slave , noeh , step up to d'leh , speak to he in a loud and aggressive tone . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) ( to nakudu ) what do he word mean ? nakudu he ask you , why you think you can do what no one have ever do before . d'leh look at nakudu . d' leh tell he how far we have come . nakudu speak to noeh and the other . the slave become more and more interested in nakudu 's word , and noeh 's face slowly soften as he hear the story . nakudu step up to noeh and speak to he in a urgent tone , point at d'leh , and at the giant sabre tooth he 's wear around he neck . this have a profound impact on the crowd . noeh speak , nakudu translate . nakudu he ask if you want to go against the god ... tic'tic answer , nakudu translate : tic '' tic yes . we be here to learn about they , so we know how . noeh think for a moment . noeh akka le ! nakudu we will walk with he . d'leh , tic'tic and nakudu follow noeh . ext . outside the slave quarter - night outside , two sentries make they round , check on the slave barrack . everything seem quiet . 92 . int . slave quarter - night noeh lead d’leh , tic'tic and nakudu to the back of the slave quarter , where the old and infirm have be place . they come to a corner where the ground be cover with hide . noeh give a signal . two of the other slave roll back the hide , revealing a lid of wooden stick that cover a deep hole in the ground . the two slave reach into the hole , and lift out a roughly - make stretcher , on which lie a old man . when we see he milky eye , we realize that he be blind . noeh speak to he , and then to nakudu . nakudu he know about the god . he be once they servant . d'leh and tic'tic look at each other . tic ’'tic ( to nakudu ) ask he what he know . the blind man speak in a weak , whisper voice . nakudu translate . nakudu he believe this god come across the big water ... and many say that they travel from the star ... the blind man 's voice can hardly be hear . nakudu ( cont 'd ) first there be three , but now only one of they be leave . he build the mountain so they can travel back to the star . d' leh ( to nakudu ) there be only one God leave ... be he sure ? nakudu translate again and the blind man nod . d'leh ( cont 'd ) can we defeat he ? 93 . nakudu ask the blind man . his voice , when he finally answer , be barely audible . nakudu he say , no man can conquer the God . d'leh look at the blind man with plead eye . d' leh there must be a way . there must be something we can do ... the blind man remain silent . d’leh see that this be all the information they be go to get . he turn to tic'tic who shrug . then the blind man speak again . nakudu he say once , only once , he hear the God speak of the one he fear . d'leh listen up . nakudu ( cont 'd ) he say , there be a tell of a strong one , who will bring bloodsh to the house of the god . and that one , he say , bear the mark of the star . ( beat ) he say , the God tremble when he speak of the strong one . the blind man raise he head from the stretcher , look up with milky eye . nakudu ( cont 'd ) he ask , if you wear the mark of the star ? d'leh silently shake he head , and the blind man sink back on he bed . ext . outside the slave quarter - night the two sentries have find the dead guard . they rush off . int . slave quarter - night noeh signal the two slave to take the blind man back to he hide place . 94 , suddenly d’leh notice something -- the blind man be wear do leh 's father 's ivory bracelet . d' leh who give you this ? the Old man speak , nakudu translate . nakudu the man who save he life , when he run away from the God . d'leh try to make sense of that , then suddenly hear the sound of guard running , call out . tic ’'tic we have to leave ! d’leh speak urgently to the blind man . d' leh where be this man ? they hear the gate of the slave quarter be open . nakudu hesitates to tell d'leh what the blind man say . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) tell I ! nakudu they kill he , year ago . his bone be in the sand with the other . guard enter the quarter with torch , yelling at the slave . no more time . d'leh , nakudu and tic'tic hurry off , the same way they come in . ext . outside the slave quarter - night d'leh , nakudu and tic 's tic slide down the wall of the slave quarter and disappear into the dark . unseen -- almost ! at the last moment , one of the guard sense movement by the sand dune . ext . edge of the desert - night the full moon hang low over the desert . we see three dark shadow rush up the incline of a sand dune . 95 . d'leh , tic'tic and nakudu , make they way back to they army 's camp . they disappear over the rim of a sand dune ... but ... four guard step into frame , tracking they . ext . between sand dune - night d'leh , tic'tic and nakudu move through a steep valley between two tower dune . we hear a cracking sound , like the break of fire wood . d'leh slow , then stop . tic'tic and nakudu do the same . they look to the ground -- that 's where the cracking come from . horrified , they realize they be stand on a endless field of human bone and skull . swoosh !! a arrow fly , barely miss nakudu . they turn and see the four guard who follow they , attacking ... nakudu throw he spear , kill one of the guard . d'leh , tic'tic and nakudu start run toward the crest of the sand dune . the guard chase ... we see pain on tic'tic 's face as he hold he hand on he wounded leg . d'leh and nakudu run ahead . another round of arrow barely miss they ... at the crest of the dune , tic'tic see that they be close to they army 's camp ... they be about to lead the guard right into discover they entire army ! tic'tic stop , turn back to face the guard . he stab one of they with the White spear , then kill another , then pull it out , and , with a mighty thrust , throw it and kill yet another . d'leh turn , see what tic'tic be do . d’leh race back to help he . too late ! the last guard shoot a arrow which pierce tic'tic 's chest , send he tumble down to the bottom of the dune . d'leh see . enrage , d’leh throws he spear , powerfully , hit the guard in the chest , kill he instantly . 96 . nakudu rush back , and stop . he see d'leh run to tic'tic 's side , with tear welling . d'leh throw himself to the ground , kneel next to tic'tic , stare at the wound in he chest in horror . d'leh cradle tic'tic 's head . tic’ tic speak weakly . tic 'tic I be full with day ... d' leh no , do not say that . d'leh look at he with plead eye . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) please do not die , great Hunter . we need you ... nakudu look on in silence from the top of the sand dune , as tic'tic get weaker . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) ( desperate ) what should I do ?! tear run down d'leh 's face . tic '' tic you never hear the end of Old mother 's dream ... d'leh lean closer because tic'tic 's voice be only a breath now . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) in she dream Old mother see ... that evolet will have you child ... d' leh my child ? tic ’'tic yes ... many of they ... tic '' tic smile weakly and put he hunt whistle in d’leh 's hand . tic 's tic ( cont ’d ) I always want you to have this . and with this word , he breathes he last breath . 97 . d'leh be devastate . he stare into the darkness , at the bone of the thousand of nameless dead . smash CUT to : int . women 's slave quarter - night as hellish and cramped as the man 's quarter . hundred of woman crowded together . the door burst OPEN . a group of priest enter , accompany by slave guard carry torch . they begin search , look among the woman for someone . behind the priest , one - Eye . evolet startles awake . she look around and see they come towards she . one - Eye spot she , and point she out to the priest and guard . as the priest approach evolet , all the other slave move away from she . the priest pull she to she foot , and drag she out of the quarter . in the background , we see one - Eye receive the reward for he betrayal . CUT to : ext . camp in the desert - night the white spear be stick in the ground , silhouett against the set moon on the horizon . d'leh 's army be gather , honore the death of the great hunter . d'leh stand at a mound of rock , tic'tic 's rest - place . d'leh be silent , apparently drain of emotion . his army watch as nakudu step up to he . nakudu pull the White spear from the ground and hold it out to d'leh . the whole army look on in anticipation . d’leh look at the White spear . after a long moment he take it from nakudu . 98 . then slowly , silently , d'leh raise he arm , holding the white spear over he head , present it to the warrior ... he warrior . silence ... then ... as one , all four hundre warrior raise there spear over there head in silent salute . ext . processional road / near quarry - night evolet be lead by the priest toward the palace which be light by torch . when she come closer to the impose building , she see another group of priest ahead , stand next to the litter of the God . evolet slow . as she approach the God , she realize that all the priest be look down into the stone quarry adjacent to the processional road . in the quarry a gigantic hole cut out of the bedrock . we see the God for the first time , full figure . he be cover in purple and golden fabric which flow in the wind . his hand have unnatural long finger , cover in gold . he be extremely tall . on he head sit a strange crown . the God stand behind some sort of astronomical sighting device like a cross-staff . he be measure a huge figure which have be cut out of the bedrock . the figure have the head of a lion . precisely line up with the body of the carve , exactly overhead , be the star constellation , leo . as evolet and the priest pass , she stare in wonder at the statue in the pit . with she , we see what the sphinx look like when it still have the head of a lion . CUT to : ext . palace / entrance - night the priest lead evolet up the stair . she see the door at the top of the stair open . they enter the palace . 99 , int . palace / great hall - night evolet find herself in a vast , dark space . she hear the sound of water . the priest lead she through a great hall . she look up , see a enormous ship , float in a canal of water which connect the palace with the river . the ship be tie with thick rope to heavy square pillar . the wood of the ship be very old and dry , ancient . int . palace / holding chamber - night evolet be push into a dark chamber . she look around , frighten . she listen ... silence . she walk to the wall , and sit down . ext . camp in the desert - night d'leh sit on a ridge , alone . the pyramid be visible in the distance . d'leh 's man , a good distance away , look at he , watch , wait in silence . some of the warrior begin to whisper among themselves , they face reflect they uncertainty . nakudu shush they , point at d'leh , as if to say : '' quiet , he 's think . '' d’leh look at the hunt whistle . he weigh it in he hand , then ... a idea . d'leh get up and walk to a spot from which he can address he man , all of whom get to they foot . d’leh speak to they , with nakudu translate , and other warrior translate , in turn , from nakudu into they language . d' leh hear I ! you have follow I from the valley of the spear tooth . together we cross the sea of sand . together we be strong . he draw the White spear over they , encompass they all . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) my people , the people of the yagahl , bring down the mightiest of beast , the mannak . the mannak be great , and we be small , and yet , we kill he . we kill he because we hunt together , as one . 100 . the man listen carefully . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) that who have take we brother and sister be many . many more than we be here . but , together , we can defeat they . for though we be few , with we brother and sister who be hold there , we become the many . ( beat ) when the sun rise , we will hunt we enemy , and when the sun set tomorrow , he will be dead . the man murmur among themselves with cold resolution . d'leh raise the White spear , then thrust it into the earth . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) but ..we go on this hunt without we spear . nakudu , translate , be not sure he hear correctly . nakudu ( to d'leh ) without spear ? with empty hand ? d' leh ( to nakudu ) we make they believe we come with empty hand . smash CUT to : ext . sand dune / edge of construction site - pre dawn close shot : d’leh 's face . cover with dust , like the face of the slave who work on the pyramid . camera pull back to reveal that d'leh be crawl up a sand dune . the shot look very much like the one at the beginning of the film when d'leh and he tribe be move in on the mammoth herd . camera widen further and we see nakudu and quina beside d’leh , they face also cover with dust . and behind they , the four hundred warrior , all camouflage with dust , all look like slave , except for the spear they carry . in the distance , we see the construction site , barely visible in the pre-dawn light . 101 . in the foreground , we see about three dozen slave guard on watch , along the perimeter of the construction site . close on the slave guard d’leh 's army appear behind they on the crest of a dune . on d'leh 's signal , they silently run down the dune , and overwhelm the guard . within second , all the guard here be dead . this time , d'leh do not make the same mistake . his man start bury the dead guard in the sand . ext . construction site - dawn close shot : d’leh appear behind a stone block he watch as he warrior scatter throughout the desert construction site . then d'leh and nakudu hurry to the base of one of the ramp . they hide between some stone block , go to they knee and , with they hand , dig long , shallow hole in the sand , a few inch deep . then they bury they spear , carefully obscure any sign of the weapon . the rest of d'leh 's man do the same throughout the construction site . then they secret themselves among the massive cut stone as well as in other hide place . when d'leh and nakudu see the first slave Guards approach , they go deeper into hide . a horn sound ... ext . slave quarter - dawn the gate of the slave barrack be open , and the slave be herde toward the construction site . we follow baku and tudu . they look around and see ka'ren and lu'kibu walk nearby . ext . ramp to the nearly finished pyramid - sunrise d’leh watch from he hide place . small group of he army leave they hide place , join the long line of slave who be walk to work . d'leh scan the slave move past he , search . 102 . when he see baku , tudu and ka'ren approach , he give nakudu a sign . both man , in a dare move , slip into the pass line of slave , unseen by the guard . he walk near baku and ka'ren . ka 'ren give d'leh a nod . baku be very excited to see d'leh . d' leh ( whisper ) where be evolet ? baku I do not know . baku look around , and see some woman lining up for they work . baku ( cont 'd ) she be with they yesterday ... a whip lash across baku 's back . a slave guard yell at the boy . they walk on . d'leh struggle to contain he anger , glaring at the slave guard who whipped baku . CUT to : int . palace / holding chamber - pre dawn evolet look up , hearing the door open . two priest stand at the door . Guards enter , pull she to she foot , and walk she out . int . palace / great chamber - pre dawn evolet be lead by the two priest into the cavernous chamber . early morning light filter in through opening in the ceiling . when they leave she alone , she look around . she see a big black stone block with parchment lay on top of it ... she inch closer , stare in wonder ... a_map - a ancient map , but we can clearly see the outline of the distinctive continental shore of Africa and South America and North America and a detailed Mediterranean coastline .... next to that , be a STAR map ... and next to that be construction drawing of the pyramid . 103 . a noise make she turn ... the High Priest have enter the chamber . he look at she with curious eye . he slowly come closer and closer .... he start to speak . ask she question . evolet do not understand he language . the High Priest motion for she to turn around . evolet hesitates , then turn she back toward he . the High Priest come up to she and reach out with one of he long paint fingernails and carefully inspect evolet 's shoulder . when he see what he be search for , he face turn to stone . ext . nearly finished pyramid / base of the ramp - day a guard whip the bare back of one of the slave . camera pull back to reveal more than a hundred slave drag one of the big stone up the steep ramp . d'leh be among they . next to he , we see ka'ren and nakudu . baku and tudu lubricate the smooth clay of the ramp , pour water between it and the stone . they be at the base of the ramp . the slave Guard who supervise they work be the same one who be responsible for moha 's death . he snap he whip , lash the slave 's back , again and again . as d'leh pull on the rope , he scan the construction site , check on the placement of he warrior among the slave -- on the ramp ; along the processional road ; among the cut stone ; in position everywhere , ready to strike . suddenly d’leh spot the warlord . unbeknownst to d’leh , the warlord be search for evolet . he start to speak heatedly with the Chief of the slave Guards , who keep shaking he head . frustrate , the warlord look around and discover baku work on the ramp . 104 . when he start to walk towards baku , d’leh give a alarmed look to nakudu and ka’ren . the warlord come up to baku and ask he about evolet . baku shake he head , but look nervous . then baku see a group of Palace Guards come towards they . they be lead by the same group of priest who pick up he sister evolet . the warlord do not see they come . but he have see ka’ren , who be work next to nakudu . the warlord speak to the slave Guard , who nod and then yell for they to stop they work . then he walk up to ka’ren and ask he the same question that he ask baku . d’leh stand right next to the warlord . he turn away , try not to be discover . he see the Palace Guards come towards they . one of the Priests point at he . have they discover he ? should he run ? before he can react , the Palace Guards grab the warlord and drag he down the ramp . d’leh watch the warlord be take away . the warlord protest as they bind he and march with he towards the Palace . the priest follow . d’leh exchange a look of relief with nakudu and ka’ren . a whip crack over they .... they take up they rope and start pull again ... CUT to : int . palace / hallway - day the High Priest rush towards a door , at which two palace guard stand in attendance . the priest motion curtly to they , they open the door , and he enter . int . palace / god' chamber - day the High Priest enter the ante chamber . gossamer curtain obscure he view . we catch glimpsis of a group of young servant as they silently work around the tall figure of the god. 105 . as we see the servant more clearly , we see that they have all be blind . the young , blind slave undress the God . the God himself pull the long , golden finger off , one - by-one , hand they to the slave , who lay they on a table . a closer view reveal that they be not finger , but merely jewelry . the High Priest come closer , afraid to intrude ... two of the blind servant lift the voluminous outer robe off the God , revealing that he body be much smaller than it appear , and revealing that he arm and leg be cover with bandage . the young servant start unwrap the bandage . we catch glimpsis of white , wrinkle skin , with the sign of a abnormal skin condition . the God 's skin be literally flaking off . suddenly all the blind servant turn at a sound . the High Priest quickly prostrate himself , totally flat to the floor . the God turn he head , and again we see he cold eye through the veil which still cover he upper body . the veil distort we view of he face . who be he ? what be he ? the God listen to the Priest , who speak quickly , he face press to the floor . the God be stunne when he hear what the High Priest have to say . CUT to : ext . ramp to the nearly finished pyramid - day d'leh look around the construction site , check he man again , wait for the right moment . the slave guard see baku and tudu pause in they work . he yell at the two boy , then whip they . the boy cower as the whip lash they back . d'leh decide . he nod to nakudu and ka'ren , then ... d' leh blows tic'tic 's hunting whistle its high pitch sound carry over the whole of the construction site . 106 . the slave guard whipping baku and tudu stop , and turn to the sound . to he surprise , d'leh , nakudu , and ka'ren be right in front of he . they grab the slave guard . he struggle in panic , as they throw he off the ramp ... he fall with a stunne expression on he face , hit the ground , far below , with a thud ... everyone hear the whistle , everyone see the slave guard throw from the ramp ... time stand still ... then all hell break loose what start with d'leh 's little group , spread like fire over the entire construction site . everywhere , guard and overseer be attack ... in each area , it begin with warrior from d'leh 's army , who throw themselves to the sand , dig , and then rise up with spear in hand , and attack the guard ... other warrior , and some slave , use work tool as weapon , attack the guard ... one of the slave swing a huge , stone - cut hammer , smash a slave guard in the face . as the guard sink to he knee , another slave finish he off with a second hammer blow ... quina , digging in the sand , finally find he spear , rise , and throw , kill a guard ... baku and tudu together , attack one of the slave guard , with baku go for he leg , as tudu slam he in the face with he water bucket ... the rebellion spread . more and more slave join with d'leh 's warrior , use they work tool as weapon ... other slave attack with they bare hand ... everywhere slave turn against they master ... d'leh , nakudu and ka'ren fight they way down the ramp , then find they way block by the huge stone they be pull up the ramp . a small group of slave guard use the narrow spot between the stone and the edge of the ramp as they last bastion . 107 . d'leh put he shoulder to the stone block , motion to nakudu and ka'ren to do the same . other slave around they realize what they be do . they rush over and , with the unify effort of a score of they , they push the stone sideways ... which push the guard off the edge of the ramp ... d’leh and other continue push the stone , which go over the edge , tumble down the side of the ramp , and crash onto the guard ... other group of slave who have see this follow suit . we see a stun tableau , as giant stone block be shove over the edge of the ramp , falling and crashing down everywhere . they thunderous SOUND fill the air ... smash CUT : int . palace / great chamber - day silence . the thick wall of the palace keep all sound from outside out . evolet and the warlord lay flat on the ground . the tall figure of the God enter the room . the High Priest cower in the background , watch as the God walk up to evolet on the ground , and study she in silence . the God hover over evolet . evolet see only he high platform shoe . burst with anger , he rip the clothes off evolet 's shoulder . for the first time we see ... evolet have a birthmark that resemble the star of orion 's belt . the God realize that he worst nightmare be come true ... the one with the MARK of the star have arrive ! his cold eye stare down at evolet and she birthmark , when ... 108 . suddenly a group of young priest storm into the great chamber in utter panic ! they throw themselves in front of the God , who have turn in surprise at the intruder . for the first time we hear the voice of the God , which be harsh and very foreign - sounding , other - worldly . the young priest answer with fear in he voice . the news he bring have a huge impact on that people in the room who can understand he . evolet see the warlord , lie next to she , look up in shock at the Young Priest 's word . she look over at the High Priest , and see utter disbelief on he face . the God shriek a order , he voice shrill from anger . Palace guard grab evolet and the warlord , and drag they out of the chamber . CUT to : ext . construction site - day mass of slave spill down the ramp of both pyramid , and converge in the flat part of the construction site . d'leh reach the bottom of he ramp . he run toward the spot among some cut stone where he bury the White spear , but a slave guard intercept he , attack d’leh with a spear . d'leh feint , throw the guard off - balance , then move in , pull the guard 's dagger from he belt , and stab he , grab he spear as he fall . he see the high - wall palace in the distance , about a kilometer away , at the end of the processional avenue . d'leh see nakudu , nearby . d' leh nakudu , to the palace ! as d'leh start to run toward the palace , nakudu shout to the slave around he . they all follow d'leh who storm ahead . we CUT wide and see hundred , then thousand of slave do the same , follow d'leh , run down the processional road toward the high wall of the palace . 109 . most of d’leh 's warrior carry they spear . some of the slave carry weapon , take from the guard . other carry tool as weapon . and still other , have only they bare hand and they fury . ext . palace - day the God stand in the shadow of the palace 's main door frame . his cold eye watch the solitary figure of d’leh , who be run towards the palace follow by thousand of slave . in the foreground , there 's hectic activity . horse be lead into the courtyard , and heavily - armed soldier and palace guard rush to they position . d'leh run , now only a couple of hundred meter away from the palace wall . close shot : heavy rope be tie to a woman 's hand . the massive gate of the courtyard open ... d’leh slow , confuse by the open of the gate before he . the onrush slave behind d’leh slow as well . then , d'leh see something within the gate that make he blood freeze ... evolet , in the middle of the courtyard , she arm outstretch , she hand tied to horse on either side of she , ready to rip her apart ... one - Eye stand near she , a whip in he hand , ready to lash the horse , clearly she executioner . in front of she , a sea of heavily - armed soldier and palace guard ... behind she , the warlord , he hand roped together , next in line to be execute . d'leh stop . nakudu and ka'ren ease up next to he ... all of the slave behind come to a stop , confuse that they leader have stop . the High Priest turn to the palace entrance ... the God appear from out of the shadow , backlit by the giant sun disc which form the entrance to the palace . 110 . the slave be stunned by the sight of he . some back up . other start to prostrate themselves , but be hold up , on they foot by they comrade ... the High Priest speak to the slave , he voice firm , ringing , castigate ... as the High Priest address the slave , baku and tudu squeeze through the crowd , and join d'leh , ka'ren and nakudu . baku see evolet ready to be rip apart , and he turn to d'leh in terror . d'leh start to move toward evolet , but one - Eye raise he whip toward the horse , warning d'leh not to advance . d'leh see the horse about to bolt . he stop dead , in anguish and fear for evolet 's life ... the High Priest finish address the slave , and turn to d'leh . he speak , nakudu translate . nakudu he say , the God be angry , and if we do not leave , we will all be slain ... everyone look to d'leh , want he to make a decision . evolet strain against the rope . d'leh grip he spear and decide . he gauge the distance between himself and the God ... an_impossible throw . d'leh take a couple step forward , and throw ... the spear fly through the air , miss evolet by a hair , head for the tall figure of the God ... the God stumble backwards , try to evade the spear ... the spear miss the God , pierce only he veil ... the spear clatter to the stone floor of the entrance hall ... for a moment , everyone be too stunne to react ... then the palace guard and soldier prepare to attack ... the slave shy back , and then ... a red spot of blood form on the God 's veil . d'leh 's spear have draw blood ... 111 . the God have be injure ... everyone be stunne -- slave , d'leh 's warrior , palace guard , and priest ... the spot of blood grow and grow ... the God clutches he throat , but can not stop the flow of blood . everyone see that he be mortal . d'leh see that one - Eye , like everyone else , be freeze by the sight of the God 's blood ... d'leh step forward , scream he battle cry ... d' leh yahalah !!! he draw he dagger , rush forward , wading into the palace guard , try to make he way to evolet . a split second later , ka'ren , nakudu , and the thousand of slave surge forward , engage the palace guard , roll over they ... the High Priest and the God stumble backwards into the shadow of the palace entrance . suddenly one - Eye be slammed by the bound arm of the warlord . he go down , and a foot to the face by the warlord knock he unconscious . evolet see the warlord step over one - Eye 's body , and a instant later , she see that the warlord 's hand be free , and that he hold one - Eye 's dagger in he hand . the warlord grab evolet and cut she hand free . d’leh see the warlord drag evolet off . d’'leh ( cont 'd ) evolet ! d'leh double he effort to get to she , as the palace guard retreat into the palace courtyard , and the sea of slave follow ... other slave have scale the high palace wall with ladder , and now jump down on the retreate guard . d'leh finally reach the platform , where evolet be stand and see the warlord try to get the struggle evolet onto the back of one of the freed horse . evolet fight the warlord like a wild tiger . 112 . d'leh , armed with the dagger , streak toward the warlord , who see he come ... the warlord punch evolet hard , knock she out . he heave she up onto the back of one of the horse , swing himself up , and ride off through the crowd , head for the gate to the processional avenue ... d'leh see the warlord ride off with evolet . desperate , he look around , and see the other horse . d’leh run to the horse , and swing himself up onto its back . the horse rear . d'leh barely stay on the horse , but he quickly get the hang of it , and ride off after the warlord and evolet ... behind d'leh , the slave STORM up the palace stair , lead by nakudu and ka'ren . follow close behind they be the giant slave from the slave barrack . on the processional avenue , the warlord ride fast , head from the palace , down the long avenue toward the pyramid ... slave , racing toward the palace , leap out of the way of the warlord 's gallop horse ... d’leh ride hard , a hundred meter behind ... int . entrance hall of palace - day the God , follow by a group of he priest , include the High Priest , retreat into the palace . the priest watch as the hurry God rip he veil and accoutrement from he body , furiously get rid of everything that make he so tall and mysterious ... turn himself into nothing more than a ... frail white old man the God hold he bleed throat , scream order to he High Priest and the other priest around he . he run deeper into the palace , with he priest follow ... the slave , lead by ka'ren , nakudu , and the giant slave reach the entrance hall . for a moment they stop in wonder , awestruck ... then they storm deeper into the palace . 113 . ext . palace courtyard - day another wave of slave , arrive at the palace from the construction site , race up the stair . one - Eye , lie at one side of the stair , regains consciousness , and stand . suddenly tudu stand in front of he . one - Eye sneer at the boy and move to draw he dagger , and realize he do not have it anymore . tudu motion to someone behind one - Eye . it 's baku , who have climb the stair behind one - Eye , and now tower over he ... baku hold a spear in he hand , and before one - Eye can react , baku ram it , with all he might , into one - Eye 's throat . one - Eye fall dead . baku and tudu share a look of triumph and satisfaction . int . big hall - day the white old man have reach the bow of the ship . he screech command to the priest , order they to cut the many rope that tie the ship to the building . the priest start do so , but before they can finish , they turn , along with the God , and see : the slave , pouring into the big hall . the slave slow at the shocking sight of what be once the God ... but they slow only for a moment , then they surge forward , like a giant wave ... the old white man , the High Priest , and all the other priest disappear in the sea of slave ... we see the old white man crest the mass of slave one last time , as he 's lift over they head , scream in terror . then he 's pull down and he 's go again ... forever . 114 . ext . pyramid / processional avenue - day the warlord ride down the processional avenue , approach the pyramid . the construction site be desert , with all the slave have race to the palace . evolet be drape across the horse in front of the warlord . d'leh ride after they . the warlord turn and see d'leh come ... evolet come to , and realize where she be . she immediately begin to struggle , fight desperately with the warlord , who try to control he horse , while fend she off . as she struggle , evolet fall from the horse . the warlord ride on just a bit , then see d'leh come in fast . the warlord dismount , racing over to the body of a slave guard , where a bow and quiver of arrow be on the ground . d’leh ride in before the warlord can get they . pull he dagger from he belt , d'leh dismount , and ... d'leh and the warlord square off , both armed with dagger . among the massive cut stone , at the foot of the nearly complete pyramid , with the palace in the distance , d’leh and the warlord fight with they dagger ... circle around each other , feint , look for a open ... both be adept fighter ... both be fast ... the warlord move in ... cut d'leh , who back up ... the warlord do not let up , slashing again , and again ... d'leh 's back up , further , and further retreate into the jumble of cut stone ... the warlord move in for the kill ... d' leh fall to the ground , crawl ... the warlord raise he hand with the dagger ... ready to strike . suddenly -- d'leh 's hand grab in the sand and rise up with the white spear ... the warlord recoil , surprised , but it be too late ... 115 . d’leh thrust it into the warlord 's chest ... d' leh 's entire retreat be simply a way to get to the bury White spear ... the face of the warlord show utter disbelief . the warlord fall . d'leh run to evolet , who lie on the ground . he throw himself onto the ground next to she ... her injury be not severe . d'leh and evolet embrace ... then suddenly ... a arrow thud into evolet 's back ... CUT to : int . old mother be hut - day Old mother , sit at she fire , startles , as if the arrow have hit she ... worried look from the tribe 's people , all around she . blood pour again from she nose , stronger than ever . her breath come hard ... CUT to : back to pyramid evolet be stunne ... d' leh be horrify ... she fall against d'leh , who see , behind she , the warlord , hold the bow , try to notch another arrow ... d'leh look at evolet , see the life leave she body ... d'leh rise , stride to the warlord , pick up a rock from the quarry debris , raise it over he head , and slam it down , kill the warlord ... as if in a dream , d’leh walk back to evolet 's body , as nakudu and ka'ren arrive at the scene . behind they be thousand of cheer slave , ready to celebrate they hero . when they see what have happen , they all fall silent ... baku push through the crowd . when he see evolet 's body , he start sobbing ... 116 . d'leh kneel down next to she ... tear stream down he face as ... evolet die in he arm ! d’leh look up at the crowd . it seem like the whole world be collapse around he ... with no emotion leave , d'leh rise and walk off , alone , toward the open desert ... CUT to : int . old mother be hut - day Dark . Old mother lie on a bed of animal skin , bleed , panting , die ... she chant ...softer ...softer ... softer ... old mother die , exhaling her last breath ... but this be not a breath of this earth ... it be a wind ... old mother' breath blow through the mammoth hide at the entrance of she hut ... and through the Valley of the yagahl ... back to the pyramid baku be cling to evolet 's body with tearful eye . he hear the sound of a gentle breeze . there 's a sudden wind come from the desert , become stronger and stronger . it blow over the sand dune and reach the base of the pyramid . the mourn crowd look on amaze as the wind catch evolet 's and baku 's hair . ext . dune - day d'leh walk alone . a sound . he turn and see baku run to he . baku d’leh ! d’leh ! come ! d’leh start run back toward evolet ... pick up speed , run ... 117 . ext . base of the pyramid - day d'leh run through the gather warrior and slave , who part to let he through , finally revealing : the wind have pick up in strength , and whirl around evolet ... fill she lung , give she life again ... Old mother 's breath enter evolet 's body . no one move . all be astonished as ... evolet 's eye OPEN ... she be weak , but alive ! d'leh rush to she side , and embrace she like he will never let go of she again . nakudu , he son tudu , and all the mammoth hunter look on with great joy . we close in on baku , who wipe he tear from he face , revealing a great smile and ... we hear the voice of the old man who start to tell this story . narrator ( v.o. ) and this be why Old mother have to stay alive to that day . fade to : ext . village square - night narrator ( v.o. ) she give she last breath to my sister . and then ... a ancient man sit by a campfire , surround by a group of child . mesmerized , they follow he tale , and we realize that ... this story have be tell by baku , who be now a very old man . the hunt whistle hang from around he neck . old baku ( smile at he child ) we journey take many moon and be full of hardship . CUT to : 118 . ext . mountain , high pass - day d'leh , evolet , ka'ren and young baku walk at the head of they freed brother as they cross the snow on the mountain 's crest . they be on they way home . ext . mammoth hunter 's camp - day the camp of the mammoth hunters look desolate . the remain tribe member be all huddle together . the face of the child betray hunger and despair . suddenly a little girl jump to she foot . she have spot something . she start run toward the mountain . the camera follow she , and we see : the return of we heros ! there be great joy and celebration as everybody get to they foot and start run toward they . tear of joy as woman unite with they man and child with they father . close : a hand pick up a stone and put it on a mound of rock . ext . edge of camp - sunset it be young baku . he and he sister evolet place stone on a mound of rock . they have tear in they eye as they bid they last farewell to they mother . evolet look over and see ... d'leh , stand before another mound of rock . this be Old mother 's final rest place . CUT to : ext . mountain , high pass - day d'leh , evolet , ka'ren and young baku walk at the head of they tribe as all the mammoth hunters cross the mountain . they be all wrap in mammoth fur as snow flurry dance around they . 119 . ext . nakudu 's village - dusk nakudu and he tribe work the field . Young tudu be the first one who see the trek of the mammoth hunters as they approach the village . tudu 's face light up , as he see baku run toward he . nakudu look on and smile , as he see that d'leh and he people have come to join they . old baku ( v.o. ) all this be a long , long time ago ... ext . village square - night old baku look over to another old man . old baku but I still remember it , as if it be only a heartbeat ago ... the two old man smile at each other , and we realize that baku 's old friend be tudu . he look as ancient as baku , but he still have the same sparkle in he eye . CUT to : ext . lake - sunset d'leh and evolet have arrive on the shore of the naku Lake . old baku ( v.o . ) and the ancient father have wander with we and guide we path to we new land where the sky hold two sun ... d'leh smile at evolet and , together they look out at the horizon , where they watch in awe as ... the set sun mirror itself in the still water of the lake . old baku ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) and so it come to pass that the dream of Old mother be fulfil and what be write in the star come true . 120 . d'leh take he white spear and drive it into the ground . this be the land they will call they home . and as the camera widen , on a boulder in the distance , we see the majestic silhouette of a saber tooth TIGER . he let out a mighty roar ! ext . village square Old baku be finish with he story . there 's a long moment of silence . a boy of perhaps thirteen , who look very much like baku , when he be a boy , raise he voice . boy baku , what happen to the mountain you and tudu help build ? Old baku look over at Old tudu . they both shrug . old baku everyone return to they home . no one want to stay in such a place . too much sorrow , too many dark memory . so , no one really know ... everyone be silent , contemplate Old baku 's word ... and we hear the sound of wind , as in the beginning of the film . it take we to ... ext . desert - sunset we fly over endless sand dune ... and then , in the distance , we see they ... the pyramid they rise out of a sea of sand , but the desert be slowly reclaim they . behind the pyramid we see the red glow ball of a die sun . - the end -