" beetlejuice , " shoot script , by Michael mcdowell ; and Warren skaaren beetle juice second draft screenplay revised 2-3-87 by warren skaaren from a original screenplay by michael mcdowell base on a story by Michael mcdowell and Larry Wilson fade in : ext . winter river , connecticut - day a crisp and perfect New England town . almost too neat to be real . no visible townspeople . camera explore town . camera fly over a rickety bridge -- past the maitland hardware and appliance store -- past the church -- the historical Society -- up over the graveyard on the hill and finally -- to the maitland house . the perfect victorian house surveying the tiny village . suddenly -- a giant daddy longlegs spider mount the crest of the hill beside the house , pause to wave a spindly leg and then creep menacingly on top of the maitland house . adam ( o.s.. ) well , well , you be a big fella ...! a hand -- as big as God 's -- with a huge tweezer , gently reach down out of the sky and lie , palm up , in the yard next to the house . daddy longleg climb into it . the hand rise into the sky again . int . attic - new angle - day reveal Winter River as a miniature town , while the daddy longleg and the hand be normal size . above the model be a homely representation of moon , sun , and star -- a whole , tiny , mechanical universe to track the hour of the day . a large plat map of the city be prominent on the wall . the hand be adam maitland be . in he late 30' , he 's a solid easy - go citizen . capra use to make movie about he . Adam 's model town sprawl across most of the attic space . window on either end of the attic shed good light into the warm room . Adam very carefully lift the spider out the open window . smile as he drip he lightly on the breeze . camera tilt up from the window to see the real Winter River , laid out exactly as the model , at the foot of the hill . Adam breathes deeply and look very pleased at the glorious town below he . on he huge hand again as it reach into model and tweezes a tiny sign into the tiny window of maitland 's hardware store on main street . it read : adam and barbara maitland be on vacation ! hooray ! Adam lean down and eye the sign . barbara ( behind he ) I be ready ! Adam turn to see enter : barbara maitland , 35 -- a wholesome beauty who be mellow well . she smile at he . perhaps a certain tinge of sadness about she , because they do not have child . adam ( happy to see she ) she 's ready . barbara ( eyeing the model ) it look great . adam ( nodd ) thanks . she push a wrap present across the table . barbara happy vacation , honey ! Adam smile and give she a present he 's hide under the table . he open he present . a can of furniture oil . adam manchurian tung oil ? ( playfully grab Barbara and kiss she ) where do you get it ? barbara helen get it for I in Oslo . there 's enough to refinish the gateleg table and the cherry wardrobe ... Adam hand Barbara a carefully - wrap bundle -- she unwrap she gift ... roll of very expensive floral wallpaper . she cradle it in she arm like gold leaf . barbara oh , Adam ... it 's beautiful . Adam nod , and embrace she . adam enough to do the guest room ... barbara ( coo ) I be so glad we be spend we vacation at home ... ( with a sudden resolve ) ... I be go to get start right now ! adam ( pull she back ) whoa !... hold on ... Barbara calm down , return to Adam 's embrace ... as : phone ring -- they freeze , then grin . adam & barbara ( unison ) no one 's home ! honk honk outside . they look at each other horrify . peer out the window . barbara oh no . adam ( point at she ) it 's you turn , darling . she shake she head with resignation and go downstairs . knocking on door from below . int . staircase and kitchen - day camera follows Adam and Barbara downstairs . we see the rambling , old fashioned quality to the house . clean , sentimental , warm and floral . some room in progress . they continue down the main staircase past photo of themselves , old photo of the early day of Winter River , picture and memento of three generation in hardware . Barbara go to the kitchen and Adam continue down to the basement . her Pov - a woman jane butterfield -- tall , gawky and aggressive peek in the kitchen door . she 's divorced three husband and bury another for good measure . she 's ruthless but be weirdly , seamlessly pleasant . she wave a legal size paper at they , start to come inside . int . / ext . kitchen door Barbara make dash for it and hold it just as Jane get a foot in . Jane smile wildly . jane hi , barb ! I be glad I catch you . I hear you be on vacation ! barbara that 's right , Jane . complete vacation . jane honey -- today I be three hundred fifty thousand dollar ! barbara no ! Jane , it be 6:45 in the morning ! jane look at I , think of I as cash ! this offer be really real ! from a rich man in New York City who only see a photograph ! ( rattles on ) my buyer have just make a kill in condo in Manhattan , but he 's get a little stress problem ... ( tap she head ) ... so -- he want to bring the wife and kid for the old peace and quiet . barbara that 's what we be look for , too . jane Barbara maitland , sweetie , just listen now . this house be too big . it really ought to be for a couple with a family . that hurt Barbara a little . she look at Jane . jane ( continue ) oh , honey ... I do not mean anything ... it 's just too big for you . Jane compulsively affix she business card , face inside . in the windowpane . barbara ( shutting door ) ' bye , Jane , see you in a few week . adam be hum happily , look for paint brushes in the ground floor storeroom . he spy a cassette deck and look through a stack of cassettes and play one . it be a old inkspot love song . int . guest room - day Barbara be start to paper the wall already . she frown at the music . go to the door . barbara oh , honey . you say no inkspot on this vacation ! it click off . she go back into the room . int . storeroom - day Adam put away the tape but keep hum the song . he open the shutter on a small window . on window ... jane ( she huge face grin at he ) boo ! he jump back , frighten . adam no , Jane . Adam close the shutter as Jane affix yet another card to the window . he continue he search for a brush . jane exit jauntily , flap she contract down the lawn . int . maitland house - day Adam continue rummage for a brush . can not find it . adam ( call to distant Barbara ) honey , come with I down to the store ? barbara ( o.s. ) what for ? adam I need a good brush for this tung oil and I want to pick up a piece of the model . let 's go early before anyone see we . Barbara have already paper a few roll in the guest room . barbara okay , but let 's hurry back . you just run in okay ? ext . the house - day the victorian house from the model " in the flesh . " Adam stand by the station wagon . on the bumper of the car be a sticker read : warning : I brake for animal . Barbara get in driver 's side . they drive off . int . the car - day Adam dust the inside of the dashboard . clean clean . barbara ( preoccupy ) Jane say we should sell the house to someone with a family . adam ah , the ever-tactful Jane . put he hand on she shoulder . ext . the river and bridge and hill - day we see the car come down the hill toward the bridge . adam ( v.o. ) we should be flatter that she want to sell we house . barbara ( v.o. ) I know ... I just wish she would leave we alone . adam ( v.o. ) let 's not think about it . we will have a nice romantic , quiet , vacation . here come the bridge chorus . car reach the rickety cover bridge . car shake , bob up and down on every plank . on Barbara and Adam tight -- ( they have do this routine before ) . they sing a old johnny mathis song . with a lot of vibrato . together chance be ... when I wear a foolish grin ... they laugh . ext . downtown winter river - day just like the model , but real . and populate . camera pause on a gorgeous storefront with a brass lion out front . sign above door say -- bozman build 1835 a old man polish the lion as maitland drive by and wave . barbara ( v.o. ) Wave at the lion . adam ( v.o. ) do not forget the ball , Ernie . barbara ( v.o. ) ( embarrassed ) Adam ! Ernie look around to see no one 's look and polish the ball of the lion . camera spie a jaunty dog like benji , pee on the opposite corner of the lion . maitland drive by store with sign : jane butterfield antique real estate TRAVEL int . antique store real estate office TRAVEL agency - day the store be burst with antique of all sort , travel brochure , photograph of house for sale , and a serve - yourself xerox machine . little jane , she eight - year - old daughter be drudgingly make copy . Jane , phone in hand , rush to the window to watch maitland drive by . almost pop the cord when it reach its end . she 's wait for the other party to pick up . jane y... ello . Mrs. deetz ? well the condition be what we country folk call , fixin ' ... yes , I think they be fixin ' to accept another offer . well maybe if you offer 390,000 they will take it . ext . maitland hardware - day Adam sprint up the step of he lovely hardware store . old bill , a slightly - addle ancient barber , be napping in a chair in front of he shop , next door to Adam 's . Adam fumble with the lock , not interested in conver - sation . he drop he key , waking Old Bill . old bill ' Morning , Adam . you need a haircut before you vacation ? adam no thanks , Bill . old bill how 's the model come ? adam good , Bill -- good . Bill turn around and continue prattling even though Adam have enter . Bill prattles throughout . old bill y'know , I be thinkin ' ... you say bozman build the foundation in 1835 but y'know he grandson come in here last week and say he find a bottle with a 1836 stamp in it plaster in the foundation . ( suddenly disgust at the memory ) he 's get hair down to he goddamn shoulder ... int . maitland hardware Adam pull down a few good paintbrush and carefully pick up a small model of the bozman building . he walk out . Old Bill continue unabate . old bill he say " just give I a trim ... " I take a scissors to he so fast ... would have skimm he clean if he have not ... Adam stride by quickly to the car . adam see you , Bill . old bill right . ext . maitland be car - day the maitland drive they car out of town . on jane ext . car and bridge - day car approach . int . car - day five brushes sit on the seat next to Adam . he cradle small replica of the bozman building , complete with brass lion . barbara it 's a beauty . adam yeah it turn out okay . we apply for a historical plaque for it . that will be the third one on Main Street . barbara ( jokingly ) with all this historical landmark in town , where be they go to put the condominium ? adam ( grin ) slow down there , honey ... I do not want the vibration to weaken the model . barbara ( nervous ) oh ... I be sorry ... Barbara start to apply the brake . just before the bridge the dog waddle out in the road . stop to pee . Barbara swerve . as the car hit the rickety bridge , the speed be just a bit too much . board rattle and loosen , the car skew and catch in a open slot , careen to the right , then the leave and the bridge . int . car - day a pile have smashed through the window on the pas - senger side , crush the upper part of Barbara 's arm . she be wail in pain and fright . Adam try to help Barbara . he try to get out of the car . none of this succeed . ext . bridge and river - day the dog finish , look over at the car , walk across the bridge and step on the one board which hold the car aloft . the car rock back and forth for a moment , and then slide forward toward the water . ext . car and bridge the car plunge into the rush water . it float for a moment , and then sink like a stone . fade to black . fade in : int . barbara and adam' live room - day quiet , still , expectant . there be a fire laid in the hearth . suddenly and for no apparent reason it ignites and burn with a furious cheerfulness . Barbara and Adam enter , daze , wet , and bedraggle . barbara something like this always happen when we try to go on vacation . always . Adam lead she toward the fire . adam you will feel better when you be dry . he hold out he hand to be warm . Barbara come up beside he . all this time she 's be hold she injure arm with the other hand . barbara this fire be not burn when we leave the house . adam how 's you arm ? barbara I be not sure . it feel ... freeze . she hold she arm out to warm they . one hand catch on fire . barbara' left arm they stare at it dumbfoundedly before Adam regains he sense and snatch it out of the fire . two of the finger be burn like candle , and Barbara indus - triously blow they out . barbara oh , Adam . CUT to : int . live room : a few minute later - day they be sit on the couch together . Barbara be look away slightly -- as one do when a doctor be draw blood -- while Adam look at she finger . he frown . he look at he skin . it be pale . he look at Barbara . adam you would better sit down , hon . barbara I be sit . adam I will tell you what , Barbara . I do not think we survive that crash . barbara ( pause ) oh , Adam . we be home . in we own house . nonsense . I will make some coffee . you get some more firewood . Adam get up , a little absently , she follow he as he wander to the front door . he peer out . adam let 's take thing extra slow . do you remember how we get back up here ? Barbara test she hand , clenches and unclench she fist . barbara I be fine . my arm work fine . Adam , explore , open the door , step out on the front porch . ext . front porch - twilight Adam 's face be paint with color of sunset . he stand atop the step lead down to the front yard . Barbara stand just inside the open threshold , look out worriedly . barbara ( quiet sarcasm ) the end of a perfect day . Adam start to step down to the yard . adam honey , I be gonna go down to the bridge and retrace we step . he step off the last step into the yard and promptly disappear . barbara Adam ! ext . the great void Adam be nowhere . there 's no ground , no sky , nothing to stand on or hold onto or give boundary or distance . just vast nothing . not white and not color either . noise of a clock ticking . Adam look about surprised , do not like what he do not see . he turn around to head back up the step . there be no step . adam Barbara ? his voice echoes strangely . he run off a little in the distance , and call again from over there . adam ( continue ; quietly ) where be you ? he go even farther away . in the foreground a enormous gear wheel -- the size of a man -- roll by , tear up the unseam ground . something pour up out of the tear -- ooze or stuff . Adam run forward and stare after the wheel , which be now out of sight . two smaller gear look very much like component of a giant watch -- spin along behind he . one of they veer suddenly toward he , and though Adam jump out of the way , the gear snag he trouser leg and shred it . loud ticking . a perfectly enormous gear come barrel toward he . Adam leap out of its way . the gear turn , fish -tail , kick up ooze and stuff . Adam fling himself suddenly to the right , but trip into the path of the gear . as he 's about to be crush , he 's suddenly jerk up to safety . ext . front porch - night it 's Barbara who 's grab he , and quite evidently save he life -- not life , perhaps -- but existence . he 's shake , breathless . Barbara stare at he , as if wonder what he 's just be through . adam ( weakly ) you save my -- uh -- life ... or whatever ... barbara two hour . adam what ? barbara that 's how long you be go . adam ( ponder that ) ... hmmm ? int . live room - night Barbara lead Adam into the house . adam anything happen while I be away ? barbara yes , it do . yes , it do . I make a couple of small discovery . barbara stand by the mirror over the hearth mantle . on the mantle be Barbara 's prize collection of porcelain horse . Adam come to stand beside she . they look into the mirror , and there be no reflection of they . Barbara pick up one of the horse , and trot it through the air . the horse be image in the mirror . barbara ( continue ) there 's that , and there 's this . she pick up a ancient , leather - bound book . it 's yellow and wear , about the size of the Boy scout manual . closeup : its title be handbook for the recently deceased . adam ( read ) handbook for the recently disease . barbara decease . I do not know where it come from . look at the publisher . adam ( he do and read ) handbook for the recently decease Press . barbara ( finally admit - ting it ) I do not think we survive the crash . int . bedroom - night Adam be already in bed , read from the handbook . Barbara be get ready for bed -- go through a ritual of sort that they practice every night of they marry life . barbara I do not like situation like this . I hate it when I be not in control . so just tell I the basic . adam this book be not arrange that way . what do you want to know ? barbara there be a thousand thing ... why do you disappear when you walk off the front porch ? be this a punishment ? be we halfway to heaven or be we halfway to hell ? and how long be this go to last ? adam I do not see anything about " rewards and punishment " or " Heaven and Hell . " ( frustrated ) this book read like stereo instruction ! listen to this ... ' geographical and temporal perimeter ... Functional perimeter vary from manifestation to manifestation . " this be go to take some time . barbara pace , she trip on she wallpaper roll . kick they . barbara I know I would never finish the guest room . Adam , we just can not stay in here forever ! they look at each other , the question hang in the air . can not they ? Adam stand and walk to the window . adam ( thoughtfully ) maybe we should set up a normal routine . she look at he like he 's nut . adam ( continue ) I mean , let 's try to nail down something in we life . a regular schedule . we can keep track of time and go on with we project up here in the attic . she shake she head , exasperate . flop down on the bed . barbara oh , God , maybe this be all just a bad dream . on adam - tight - a somber look come across he face . adam I be afraid not , honey . Barbara look up at he , questioningly . barbara why ? what 's wrong ? Adam ? she stand and join he at the window . there Pov through the window in the distance we see a automobile funeral procession thread its way toward the nearby cemetery . head - light be on . we recognize Jane 's car in the line . reverse on barbara and adam somber face . tighter on procession it arrive at the gravesite . we see some familiar face , Ernie , and Old Bill the barber . Jane and little Jane watch as two identical coffin be carry to - gether , to two open grave . on barbara and adam she drop she head sadly on he shoulder . he lean he face slightly into hers . fade out . fade in : int . attic - day Adam be set up a small monument in the model town cemetery . it read : adam and barbara maitland / UNITED in life / undivided in death . adam I wish I have a better view of the cemetery from up here . I do not know which area be the best placement for we . Barbara , try to clean , let out a frustrated yelp ! she pace . adam ( continue ) cabin fever , han ? barbara I can not clean anything . the vacuum be out in the garage . I can not leave the house . why do not they tell we something ? where be all the other dead people in the world ? why be it just you and I ? adam maybe this be heaven . barbara ( look at the dusty wall ) in heaven there would not be dust on the wallpaper . adam hon ... I do not want to die , but really , this be fine with I . look , we never have to wash dish again . barbara dish ? we have not eat in three week ! Adam , I be not like you . I really need to be around people , get out to the church and go grocery shopping . adam but I be not hungry , be you ? Barbara shake she head and pick up the handbook and page through it desperately . barbara I keep have this feel that something have get to happen . car door slam outside . Adam and Barbara look at one another . run to window . ext . maitland house - day Jane butterfield be stare up at the old house . int . attic - day Adam , from he angle , can just barely see she . adam God , it 's Jane . barbara what 's she do here ? adam I do not know . ( shouting ) Jane , Jane , up here ! ext . maitland house - day unhear , Jane head for car . SOUND of wind up . blow she dress . Little Jane straggle along with she like a apprentice . int . attic - day Barbara watch Adam , and shake she head . he stop . barbara she can not see you , right ? Adam nod . barbara ( continue ) in the book , rule number two : the live usually will not see the dead . adam wo not ? or can not ? barbara just say " will not . " wait a minute . here it say " the live be arrogant ... they think they will never die , so they refuse to see the dead . " adam arrogant . that 's Jane all right ... Barbara sigh and nod . barbara at least we will not have to worry about she . Adam smile and go to he model . ext . maitland house - day Jane drive away . camera hinges to see a for sale sign . across it -- another smaller banner . it read : sold ! CUT to : int . master bedroom - morning the maitland be asleep . camera explore the room a bit . it be get slightly tatty . Adam roll over , pull the cover off Barbara . we see : on barbara -- she be hover off the side of the bed . a ominous rumble -- like a 4.0 earthquake shake the house . glass rattle , the ceramic horse on the mantelpiece jump around . Barbara fall to the floor . they look at one another with horror . they leap up and run downstairs . int . live room - day the rumble build to a climax , there be a loud metallic squeal , and then a crash ... just as Barbara and Adam arrive . the front door smashes open revealing a move van ramp . a ten -foot electric -blue italian leather couch slide smoothly down the ramp . on the couch sit delia deetz . the couch crash into the base of the staircase , smash the newel post and several of the baluster . Barbara cringe . one of the baluster fall at delia 's side . she grasp it like a scepter . two moving men rush down the ramp . moving man # 1 sorry about that , Mrs. deetz . delia do not worry . it be go anyway . delia be relentlessly New York , relentlessly fashion - able , relentlessly thin -- totally self assure . she be also a woman with a mission -- to gut Barbara and Adam 's house and remake it in she own very upscale image . delia 's gaze be on the live room , but she look through Adam and Barbara as if they be not even there ( which to she eye they be not ) . still hold the baluster , delia get up off the couch and move into the live room , surveying it with a odd mixture of ambition , and resolution . behind her the two move Men bring in a match blue leather armchair . in the armchair sit lydia deetz . lydia , age 14 , be a pretty girl , but want , pale and overly - dramatic , dress as she be in she favorite color , black . she 's a combination of a little death rocker and a 80' version of Edward gorey 's little girl . she have a couple of expensive camera around she neck -- and be already take photograph of the move man . lydia be cool , lydia be sullen , lydia be she father 's daughter by he first marriage . lydia be usually about half - piss off . but underneath ... we like she a lot . the move Men still hold up the chair , wait for delia to decide where she want it . delia ( continue ) Jesus . who live here ? the walton ? tight on lydia -- calmly survey the house . delia signal wearily that the move Men can put the chair down anywhere . delia ( continue ) get all this other crap out of here . lydia hop down out of the chair , and come farther into the live room . delia ( continue ) where be you father ?... probably in the kitchen . that 's the cue for charle deetz , who come in through the swinging door , and across the dining room ... a ner - vous but basically pleasant man , charle deetz be intent on attack rest and relaxation with the same vengeance that earn he million in real estate . charle the noise in that kitchen . noisy refrigerator , noisy faucet ... we will have to replace it all . I want no hum in the house . lydia explore on she own , gaze around the live room with grow pleasure , she back up for a good angle to photograph . camera hinges -- she be stand with she back right up to Barbara -- who be horrify at this creature . Charles enter . charle ( to lydia ) what do you think , honey ? lydia delia hate it . lydia gaze at a dusty maze of spider web . lydia ( continue ) I could live here . a movement make lydia turn around and scream . it be delia . not Barbara . delia settle down , lydia . I wonder where we be go to get counseling for you out here . a violent falsetto scream turn the deetz family 's attention to the front window . otho ( o.s. ) help ! oh help ! otho' massive body wedge in the window frame . the short , stubby leg , dress in the world 's large pair of Georgia armani slack , protrude into the live room , wave fran - tically . expensive italian loafer be kick off the foot , revealing a pair of expensive pattern sock . by they foot shall ye know they . delia it 's otho ! charle otho , why do not you just come in the door ? otho 's voice come as if from a great distance . otho ( o.s. ) it 's bad luck . and I believe hugely in luck . delia hold you breath and we will pull . delia turn to Charles and lydia for help -- do not get it -- and at last pull otho into the live room single - handedly . all this while the move Men be variously carting out the handsome old furniture and bring in the hideous new furniture . otho be Robert morley at he most obscenely fat and faggoty . but he 's not all fat and fun -- this customer carry nasty emotional weight as well . otho hold onto the curtain for support as he be pull through the window . and when he be at last all the way through , and upright on he foot , he suddenly give a tremendous yank . the whole drapery apparatus , include valence , crash to the floor . otho that be the single most unattractive window treatment I have ever see in the entire of my existence . delia ( starry eye ) I be so glad you could leave the city to consult I , otho . otho be look around the room with a eye of quiet horror . otho yes , of course you be . well , otho have a intuition . call it a hunch -- that it be go to be a fable monstrosity of a house . and it certainly be . Charles , you be lucky the yuppy be buy condo , so you can afford what I be go to have to do to this place . we be talk from the ground ups'ville ! charle that 's fine , otho . just keep I out of it . I be here to relax and clip coupon . and goddamnit , I mean to do it . he exit to find solace in a quiet corner of he house . during this speech , otho have be surreptitiously pos - ing for lydia 's camera . she click the shutter . otho ( ignore she ) be the rest of the house as bad as this ? delia the rest of the house be probably worse . when can you and I get start ? otho no time like the present , as my wick stepmother use to say . out of the pocket of he size 56 Georgia armani jacket , otho take two can of spray paint -- the kind the graffiti artist use -- and shake they as if they be castanet . they certainly sound like it . otho delia , let 's get this show on the road . int . upstair hallway at one end , near the stair lead up to the attic , Barbara and Adam be slump against opposite wall . barbara Adam , we be in hell . I hate this people . adam they make Jane look good . barbara be this a punishment for something we do in life ? what can we do ? adam ( determine ) we be not completely helpless . I have be read the book . there 's a word for people in we predicament , honey . Barbara look at he . barbara ( continue ) ghost ! Barbara be shocked at the reality . otho and delia come up the stair at the end of the hallway . otho we be deal with negative entertainment potential here . I mean , there 's absolutely no organic walk flow - through . otho look down the hallway . it 's empty . Adam and Barbara be no longer there . delia what 's wrong ? otho I think I see something . delia turn and spray-paint on the wall -- in luminous orange -- the word mauve . delia okay ? otho ( scream with delight ) you read my mind ! I love client who can read my mind . I do not think people realize how strong a connection there be between interior design and the supernatural . delia ( fawn ) I know ... I read you book , the haunted tapestry of the waldorf . otho gooood ! delia open the door and they step inside another room . delia this will be lydia 's room . int . lydia' room - day it 's not lydia 's room yet , of course , because it still have the maitland ' furniture in it . Barbara have partly wallpaper it before the accident . her tool be still there . delia what do you think ? otho viridian ? delia viridian ? what be ...? otho spray-paint the word viridian on the wall -- plus the word blue GREEN -- and cr2 03 , right over a picture of Adam and Barbara as kid . otho blue-green ! hydrate chromic oxide ! remember I be school in chemistry . I be a hair analyst ! briefly . Interior design be a science , delia ! think of I as Doctor otho. ( look at wall ) and this patient be truly sick ! delia of course , she favorite color ! how beautiful ! delia smile . behind delia and otho , the room 's closet door swing slowly open with and ominous creak . delia and otho turn that way , with a suggestion of dread . Inside the closet , Barbara 's corpse be suspend from the ceiling by a belt . the corpse twist with a creak , and Barbara grin ghostly -- and slowly tear off she face , leave nothing but muscle and bone beneath . her eyeball dangle on she cheek . delia and otho stare aghast . delia oh my God ! otho we just have to pray that the other closet be bigger than this one . he walk over . look inside . otho ( continue ) be this people dwarf ? ( sic ) ( spy something ) oooooo !... look ! he find , neatly hang in plastic , the maitland ' wedding outfit . totally captivate by this powerful image , he peer through the plastic at they . holding each up to delia . Barbara watch wide - eye at they . otho ( continue ) ozzie ... ( hold up she dress ) ... and ... harriet ! what happen to this people ? delia slam the door in Barbara 's contort face . delia they die . int . house - same time delia and otho come out of lydia 's bedroom and go through the bathroom . disgust , they continue on to the study . otho reach out and turn the knob . the door swing omi - nously open on Charles ' study . this have be Adam 's read and birdwatch study . Bird poster on the wall , book everywhere . straight out of better Homes and garden 1963 . otho ooo. deliver I from l.l. bean ! angle there be one slight difference , however , because on the rag rug in the middle of the floor lie Adam 's headless corpse . stand over he , hold in one hand a long knife and in the other Adam 's blood - and - gore drip head be Barbara -- with a maniacal look on she face . behind they , Charles be thumbing through Adam 's audubon collection . he sit up like a cornere animal protect - ing he territory . charle ( to otho and delia ) this room be off limit . I do not want either of you to touch one piece of furniture in here . this be my room . inside the room the eye of Adam 's severe head open and look up at Barbara -- she stop scream . adam' head they do not see we . they can not hear we . outside , delia be shaking she head . delia the woman who live here have the aesthetic instinct of Betty crocker . barbara I be go to get she . delia I can not convey to you the extent to which this house bore I . otho ( look around scientifically ) once you cover up the wallpaper , knock down a few wall , alter the traffic pattern , and -- perhaps -- think about a inground pool -- the place might just be livable . what 's on the third floor ? delia attic space . otho let 's see . we could turn that into a media room . they head up the star to the attic . int . study - same time Adam 's head have a look of terror on it . adam' head oh , God . I forget to lock the attic door ! Adam 's headless body jump up off the floor and rush out of the room . int . staircase to attic - same time otho and delia climb . the headless corpse careen past they , around the bend in the stair and out of sight . otho do you feel something ? delia shake she head . otho ( continue ) I feel a cool wind . the expression on otho 's face suggest he know more than he 's tell . int . landing outside attic door - same time the headless corpse rush through the open door into the attic . int . attic - same time the headless corpse slam the door shut , turn the key in the lock . then he slump against the lock door in a exaggerated stance of relief . int . attic landing - same time delia try the knob . the door be lock . otho you do not have a key ? delia maybe Charles do . otho I have a feel there 's some very interesting space behind this door . delia ( sarcastic ) probably the world 's large reader 's digest collection ! c'mon , let 's have some chablis , otho , I be laid bare by this experience . entirely bare . int . study - same time Barbara still hold Adam 's head . Charles still calmly leaf through the audubon . adam' head whew ! that be close . barbara I can not witness this . Barbara distractedly put Adam 's head on a bookshelf . his headless body fumble with the book and finally reattach the head . int . study - day Adam turn away from the window . Barbara , fume , move around Charles make wild gesture . barbara what 's the good of be a ghost if you can not frighten people to death ? adam oh , honey ... barbara no , I be not put up with this . she storm out of the room . int . kitchen - moment later Barbara storm in , as if straight from the room up - stair . she head straight for the back door . just as she open the door , Adam rush up . adam Barbara , honey ! do not go out there . you do not know -- barbara nothing can be worse than this ... she fling open the door and step outside . she promptly disappear . adam Barbara ! ext . surface of saturn' moon titan - day Barbara plunge into the dusty surface of titan with a enormous saturn loom in the sky . she look around with wonder and some fear . a sulfur volcano erupt in the distance . a meteor crash with a lurid explosion . as from a great distance she hear Adam 's voice . like thunder . adam Barbara ! she turn slowly in the yellow dense sand that cover the surface of this distant moon . barbara' Pov Adam be trudging towards she . behind he , hover isolate in the air , be the kitchen door . back to scene Adam at last catch up with she . survey around they . barbara oh Adam . find somebody . I be get all yellow . do something ! behind they something be burrow rapidly toward they through the sand . the something could be right out of " dune " . barbara and adam stare for a moment , then Adam grab she and pull she toward the kitchen door . but the kitchen door have move , so they veer in the new direction . the something follow they and rise out of the sand . on something it be a very big , very nasty , and very hungry snapping sandworm . it roar and lunge at they . barbara slightly angere at it , instinctively bat at it . the sandworm be momentarily stunne at Barbara 's audacity . it freeze and shake its loathesome head . barbara bat at it again . Adam be wide - eye , try to pull she away . the sandworm recover and roar after they . adam grab Barbara and try to escape , but they slip and sink in the sand . they make it to the door just in time , swing it open and hurl themselves through . the door shut with a bang just in front of the roaring sandworm . the sandworm rear and roar in frustration , howling to the ringed planet . int . kitchen Barbara , weep , throw herself in Adam 's arm . barbara oh , Adam , do not ever leave I alone . adam you leave I . barbara I know . I be sorry . she hug he tight . barbara ( continue ) I just realize that I could have be kill alone . do not ever leave I , honey . both contemplate that horror . barbara ( continue ) we be trap in this house forever ... with that ... people . adam you can not say that for sure . it could be a transitional thing . like a post- life crisis . we just have to be tougher with they . come on . have some brandy . spirit ? barbara ( a tentative smile ) death do not improve you sense of humor . they head for the dining room . int . dine room Adam have he arm around Barbara 's shoulder . they walk in the door and stumble upon the deetze at they dinner . lydia 's back be to they . Barbara and Adam back out of the room but stop to listen . int . dine room - night the deetz 's around the dining room table . there be candle and good china laid out -- but they be eat out of chinese take - out box . delia I can not believe that we be eat cantonese . be there no szechuan up here ? hunan ? charle there 's only one chinese restaurant out here , darling , the owner be irish and irish people happen to cook cantonese . they do not know better . lydia I plan to have a stroke from the amount of msg that 's in this food . delia this be we first meal in this house , lydia . why do not we all do we little private part to make it a pleasant one ? charle lydia , relax . we will build you a darkroom in the basement . lydia ( dramatically ) my whole life be a darkroom ! one ... big ... dark ... room . delia roll she eye and nod . she 's be through this before . delia nonsense ... you will go to school , maybe meet a farm boy . delia laugh . Charles smile . lydia ( doleful ) yeah , maybe if he 's nice , he will let I hang myself from a rope in he barn . charle lydia , in a couple of year this whole town will be fill with people like we . delia we will be the art center of summer New York . I will start sculpting again ... I will teach that gallery bastard to refuse my sculpture . and when otho and I get through with this house , you people be not go to recognize it . lydia ( dramatically ) I say let 's keep it the way it be . delia stare at lydia . charle ( smile ) good idea ! delia shift she glare to Charles . lydia I do . I really like it . I mean , it 's already sort of like somebody 's home , be not it ? they couch be comfortable and do not stick to you leg . it smell like a real home , not a french whorehouse . delia lydia , at you age , you be so young . ( back to business ) Charles , we need to call that awful Jane butterfield tomorrow and get the key to the attic door . can not you find a way to hold back some of she commission ? charle we be go to have a lot to do tomorrow ... the goodwill truck be come . delia ... and whatever be up there in that attic go away with it . charle should have it fumigate , too . I see a fly today . lydia look at they with a mixture of sadness and anger . outside the door - on the stair -- listen , sit Barbara and Adam . a tear roll down she face . int . attic - day Adam and Barbara be lie down on the floor , peer out of one of the small window overlook the front yard of the house . the handbook open in front of they . ext . front yard - adam and barbara' Pov - day the entire front yard be alive with workmen and they vehicle . plumber , electrician , cable tv man , etc . in the road on front of the house be several car of rubberneck local , astonished by all the activity . the City have come to town . move man continue to move in the deetz ' modern , expensive and ugly furniture . they collide with goodwill man come out with the maitland ' lovely antique and personal possession . int . attic - day Adam and Barbara just look at one another as if to say " we be next ! " Adam leaf through the handbook furi - ously . barbara look in the index ... adam not really ... what 's this ? Adam pull from the book a ancient , yellow , crumble handbill . he carefully open it . on handbill -- very primitive , crude , red printing . adam ( v.o. ) ( read ) have difficulty adjust ? be death a problem and not a solution ? unhappy with eternity ? Troubled by the live ? call betelgeuse , the bio-exorcist . that 's betelgeuse , betel ... the remainder of the sheet be tear off . on Barbara -- finger the tear edge . look in the book for the remainder . no luck . barbara that 's it ? no number , or instruction ? adam nothing . the bio-exorcist ? I do not get it ... int . kitchen Charles , away from the chaos outside be calmly steeping a mug of herb tea . his solitude be interrupt by a 2500 lb . vulcan range break through a too-small kitchen window . charle ( shouting through the window ) what the hell be you try to do out there ? delia - outside be berate the inept crane operator and shriek periodically at some fine art mover who be struggle under she horrid modern weld steel sculpture . lydia snap photo of the mayhem . she stop to scan the whole house . lydia' Pov when she gaze reach to top of the house , she suddenly glimpsis Barbara and Adam 's face in the window . back to scene lydia blink hard . her mouth drop open . she look all around -- as if she would just see a ghost or two . jane butterfield car pull up . Little Jane sit in the front seat , burden with a enormous stack of collate and staple copy . lydia catch sight of Jane and run over . Little Jane lock she door , in fear of lydia - the strange . lydia stare at she . little jane be you a boy or a girl ? lydia I only speak to vertebrate . lydia what happen to the people who use to live here ? little jane ( ratty little voice ) they drown ! jane yes , they be family . I be devastate . ( beat ) here , darling . Jane hand a key to lydia . lydia ( impressed ) be this the key to the attic ? jane that 's a skeleton key . it will open any door in that house . will you give it to you father ? ( hand she a business card ) and you might mention that I single-handedly decorate the house . in case he need advice in that area . come see I . Jane go away . another angle lydia 's face sober as she look up at the now empty attic window . delia ( o.s. ) help ! get off I ! lydia drop the skeleton key into she pocket surrepti - tiously . she follow delia 's shrieking . ext . house - day lydia round the corner to see delia , pin flat against the house by one of she horrid steel sculp - ture . two mover be struggle to free she . lydia snap a quick photograph . they finally free delia . she clutches at she head , just short of tear she hair out . delia you jerk ! that be my art , and it be dangerous ! you think I want to want to die like that ? ( see lydia ) lydia . move be a family affair . so buckle down now and go get mommy some drug . lydia any particular kind ? delia joke ! joke ! aspirin ! lydia walk off toward the house . int . attic - day Barbara be half -hide on the edge of the window . barbara that little girl see we . adam she could not have . we can not make they see we . barbara but she see we . I could feel it . adam ( pause , think that over ) that 's all we need . int . upstair hallway - day lydia look up the stair at the attic landing . she 's a little scared . she decide to go up the dark stair . in the hall at the end of the hall stand Charles , direct man who be carry book into the room that will be he study . he continue on . a blast of steam fill the hallway , because workmen be already go at the wallpaper . lydia emerge from it . look up at stairway to attic , mount courage . int . staircase to attic - day lydia creep upward , take the skeleton key from she pocket . floorboard squeak . int . attic - day Adam work on he model . he hear the squeak , look up confidently . adam ( whisper ) do not worry . I have lock it . Barbara smile and knit while rock in she chair . int . attic landing lydia quietly insert the key in the lock of the attic door . she turn it . the key be stiff . she turn harder . it 's stick . lydia try the door -- it 's no go . she turn the key again . this time it go all the way around . int . attic - day Barbara and Adam , surprised by the key , look at each other , carefully , very quietly , stand up and tiptoe toward door . on the screen of a old tv set in the corner of the attic -- suddenly -- a ghostly image pop on . on tv - a bizarre , smallish fellow outfit in a too-big cowboy hat , bad wig , and over - size sunglass appear on screen sing very quickly . ( it 's a heavily disguise betelgeuse . ) behind he the camera quickly pan a assortment of tombstone a la Cal worthington . betelgeuse ( sing ) have the live get you down ? betelgeuse ! be they jack you around ? betelgeuse ! have you break out in hive ' Cause you be tired of they jive ? I will drive they from you hive ... betelgeuse ! another angle camera tilt down a flash tombstone with " betelgeuse " write on it . Adam rush over to shut it off . he can not find a plug . he look around behind set ... no working inside at all . he peer around to the screen . it be blank . suddenly -- betelgeuse pop on again . betelgeuse say it once ... betelgeuse say it twice ... betelgeuse . the third time 's a charm ... betelgeuse ! come on down ! he pop off . Adam and Barbara stare at each other . int . landing - day lydia listen . do she hear something ? she put she hand on the knob and try to turn it . it 's stick . then the key eerily pop out of the lock and fall on the floor . Charles ' head suddenly appear behind she . scare she . charle what be you do ? int . attic Adam be hold on tight to the knob of the door . with she knitting needle , Barbara have poke the key out . the two stand absolutely still , listen , terrify of the live intruder . int . attic landing - lydia and charle lydia I be just try to open the door . Mrs. butterfield bring over a skeleton key . charle let I have it . int . attic - day Barbara and Adam tighten . on the landing lydia but it do not work . she hand she father the key . he look at it and throw it in the corner . charle skeleton key never work . anyway , this can wait . we will get a crowbar later . where 's you mother ? lydia ( very quick de - cisive delivery ) stepmother . charle I be go down to relax . I want a noise - free zone . do you understand ? noise-free . he go down the stair . lydia dad ? he continue . charle ( irritate , over he shoulder ) what ? lydia I be lonely . a blast of steam from below drown out she word . Charles stop and turn around . the blast stop . charle what ? tight on lydia she be resolve . lydia nothing . Charles continue . she begin to follow slowly . on key behind lydia . widen as Adam rush out the door , grab the key and rush back in again . lydia hear some - thing but do not see . int . attic Barbara and Adam have move away from the door . adam ( look through the handbook ) we need some help . I find something this morning . here. Emergencies . ( read ) " in case of emergency , draw door . " barbara draw door ? I do not know why we keep look in that stupid book . Adam take a piece of chalk and draw a little door on the expose brick of the chimney . barbara ( continue ) you do not actually think this be go to work ? Adam draw a doorknob . then he try to turn it . the door , perhaps to he surprise , fail to open . barbara yet another triumph for Adam and Barbara in the afterlife . why do not we try this beetle guy ??... adam wait . he look at book , then write on the door : knock and enter . he exchange a glance with Barbara . she 's even more skeptical than before . turn away in disgust . Adam knock on the door , and turn the knob . nothing . she be more disgust . Adam go back to the book . adam ( continue ) aha ! knock three time . another angle he knock three time . turn knob . the chalk door swing magnificently open . behind be a eerie light source , soaring music , maybe even a heavenly choir sing pear-shape syllable . Barbara and Adam look at one another again . they hold hand and step tentatively through . they figure be lose in the blind light . they start to shut door after they . on the attic landing lydia be stare at the light pour from under the attic door . it suddenly go out . on lydia she be dumbfounded . she listen . on the landing lydia speed down the step . int . charle ' study - day Charles , fiercely intent on relax , pace like a catfish out of water . Ralph lauren in k-mart . he stretch . he sit uneasily in a easy chair , try like hell to get comfortable . finally , he put a book under he bottom to get sit straight . look around tapping he finger . what to do ? look at watch . he take down a book from Adam 's library , it be a audubon book of bird . he whip through it like it 's the comic and then look around for more . he find the " illustrate walden " by thoreau . he speed read it . he be now really bored . go to the fireplace , try to light it . can not do it . go to desk and write : otho -install gas FIRE log in study . he study bird poster . find beautiful cardinal picture . take field glass and look out window . he Pov spy big ugly - look ratty bird devour something . on charle horrify . wrinkle he nose . lydia enter . he jump . charle Jesus Christ ! lydia be shocked . charle ( continue ) darling , can not you see I be relax in here ! lydia well I just want to tell you what I see . charle lydia . what the hell be the point of my move up here if you people will not let I relax ? go help you mother . Charles return to field glass , spy something . she look at he in frustration . lydia ( on she way out ) Fine . maybe you can relax in a haunt house . but I can not . she exit . Charles peer after she , brow furrow . look out again at the village . use he field glass to get a better look . he Pov it be the bozman Building . Ernie be out front pol - ishing the brass lion . on charle he think . move the field glass to punctuate he discovery of the building . ( his eye never leave field glass throughout the follow . ) charle Nice building ... bad paint . good line ... bad roof . good parking ... hmmm ??? that really register with he . without look , he dial a familiar number on the phone with one hand , lift the receiver . he clack he tooth together pur - posefully . secretary's voice botco International . charle yes , I would like to speak with maxie Dean . secretary's voice he 's not in right now . charle well tell he that Charles deetz call . he hang up and continue to spy on bozman Building . clack he tooth . charle ( continue ) my God what I could do with that parking . dissolve to : tight shot - barbara and adam very still , they look cautiously to the right and leave -- just with they eye . they be astound by what they see , though we do not yet see it . adam ... not what I expect when we walk through that door . barbara no . but it 's somewhere without big worm . camera draw back and we find that Adam and Barbara be in : int . waiting room - day the most unpleasant wait room that you ever remember wait in . fifty furniture with break leg , couch propped up on telephone book . stand ashtray with dirty stand . linoleum floor patch a hundred time . National geographic with the cover tear off . the " take a number " register in the million . as the camera complete a circle of the room we see a receptionist . she 's the quintessential 50 's receptionist -- tight sweater , bullet - breast bra , bleach hair , red lipstick . she 's wear a ribbon across she breast read " miss argentina " and there be knife slashes across both wrist . receptionist you do not have a appointment , do you ? adam W ... we do not know how to make one . barbara a appointment for what ? receptionist what do you want ? barbara we need some help . receptionist already ? you just bit the big one nine month ago and you want help ? adam nine month ? what difference do that make ? receptionist ( shrugging ) good luck . you be go to use up all you help voucher . adam help voucher ? receptionist D - 90' . you spend a hundred and twenty - five year on earth , actually , in that house , during which you get only three class - one D - 90 intercession with juno . you probably have not even read through the manual completely yet . barbara why three ? typist behind the receptionist hold up both hand each of which have only three finger on they . typist rule number Three . everything come in three ... receptionist you will have to wait if you do not have a appointment . barbara how long do we have to wait ? adam wait for who ? receptionist for juno , you caseworker . not that it matter to you type . but there be all this other people here ahead of you . I would say 3 hour . the wait room be now fill with people . Dead people , some in fairly awful state . a cornucopia of carnal shreddage . Adam and Barbara look around for a moment , then very quietly , they reach out to grasp hand . receptionist ( continue ) number 54 million , six hundred one . ferndock . camera push in close . dissolve to : int . attic landing - day lydia kneel down with a screwdriver , a nail file , a ice pick , and a credit card . she insert nail file into the door . she struggle , and after several attempt -- finally use the ice pick and pop ! the door swing open ominously . int . attic - day lydia enter . the room be dim , and fill with dust mote . there be shadow in all the corner . she bump into a switch which engage the model sun and moon and that eerily illuminate the model town . she 's frighten , then entrance . she peer at it from different angle , she fear for - get . she note small tool scattered around a unfinish area . she continue around the model , oblivious to everything else . then ... she kick something . duck under the table and come up with something , hold it up to the light . it 's the handbook . she look through it . find the mark page ... look at the chalk door . int . office - day Barbara and Adam be still hold hand , as if they have not move . like wait for a IRS audit . barbara ( to Adam ) be this what happen when you die ? the receptionist overhear . she point at Barbara . receptionist this be what happen when you die . ( point to another corpse ) that be what happen when he die . that be what happen when they die . it 's highly personal . and I will tell you something ... if I know then what I know now ... I would not have have my little " accident ! " she hold up she wrist and smile at she little joke , wriggle they indicate she slashes . other corpse ( all together ) amen ! Barbara and Adam look at they . corpse resume do what they be do . a grinding noise o.s. -- the receptionist look up . Barbara and Adam also look o.s. there Pov a message delivery wire grind along loudly on a pulley . the actual message be hold in the hand of the messenger , a flatten corpse , suspend as if on a shirt clothesline , tire mark on he face and clothing . a major roadkill . Dust and gravel ground into he . he smile wanly at Barbara and Adam as the receptionist take a message on a piece of paper and read it . receptionist maitland , party of two ! take you handbook and go to the sixth door . Barbara and Adam upset at the loss of they handbook ... barbara we forget we handbook . CUT to : int . attic - day lydia be study the handbook with intense interest . charle ( o.s. ) ( from distant downstairs ) lydia , delia need you help ! lydia give one more look at the book , and then go to the door quickly and silently . charle ( o.s. ) right now , delia say ! int . office - day receptionist ( shaking she head in disgust ) out that way , through the type pool , down the corridor , sixth door on you leave . Sixth door . two three . ( shaking she head ) airhead . Adam and Barbara walk through a door . int . typing pool - day a vast room of desk arrange in a grid , straight out of " how to succeed in Business " ... each desk be occupy , too , but most of the secretary be merely skeleton , or moulder corpse slump over they typewriter . only one secretary , somewhere in the vast grid , be type slowly , with long pause between word . the Messenger on he return trip , parallel Barbara and Adam as they walk along . Barbara can not look at he . messenger how do I look ? there be no mirror on this side . adam ( try to be pleasant ) Fine , you look fine . messenger thanks . I have be feel a little flat . another angle he laugh at he own joke as he go back through the very , very narrow slot in the wall where the line run . Adam and Barbara look to the right and leave . a vast stack of file slip off a desk and spill out onto the floor . int . corridor - day Barbara and Adam enter corridor . empty , like a hotel corridor , but all the door be of different type -- a revolve door , a dutch door , church door . they walk past a waist-high window , cover by a roll - up shade . barbara a hundred twenty - five year ! I can not believe it . I can not believe they do not tell we . she bump into the shade and it roll up flapping . she stare in through the window . Adam peer in it too . there Pov a smoulder , mist -fill room . from the smoky plasma float a occasional torture soul . unspeakably sad music waft from within . they get only a glimpse of the body in this horrible human soup . barbara Adam , look at this . suddenly , float up from below , immediately on the other side of the window , a white - crepe face emerge . it seem to be that of a woman , she eye be red and blue tear rim they . her pale skin be cover with a flaking crust of salt . she wear the saddest look ever . her mouth open plaintively but no sound come . barbara ( continue ) oh , Adam ... what be this ? a reflection join they on they side of the window . a sinister little janitor wizen and efficient , pull the shade down firmly . sinister man that 's the lose soul room . a room for ghost who have be exorcise . poor devil . that 's death for the dead . it 's all in the handbook . keep move . the man scuttle off . Adam and Barbara walk on sadly , until they come to a door that look exactly like the swinging door between the kitchen and dining room of they house . adam this be it ... the sixth door . puzzle -- Barbara push it . int . dine room - night everything be dark , quiet -- but the furniture be obviously not theirs , and neither be the decoration . Adam and Barbara exchange glance , and push on through into the live room . int . live room - night quiet , dark . everyone 's asleep . adam my God , we be back home . barbara look at this , everything be different down here . all we furniture be go . adam how long do you suppose we be wait ? JUNO Three month . another angle a spot come on , revealing JUNO -- they caseworker . she 's a older woman , no nonsense about she . over - dress in a outfit that include a blouse with ruffle cuff . we will at some point catch a glimpse of she slashed throat -- she smoke heavily . occa - sionaly smoke puff from she cut throat . JUNO I would nearly give up on you . I be about to leave . I do have other client . barbara be you juno , we caseworker ? JUNO yes . I evaluate individual case and determine if help be need , deserve , and available . barbara we need help . we deserve help . adam be you available ? JUNO no. ( beat ) what 's wrong ? barbara we be very unhappy . JUNO what do you expect ? you be dead . adam we would like some help in get rid of the people who move in here . Barbara and I work very hard on this house . barbara we probably would not mind share the house with people who be -- JUNO -- like you use to be ? barbara yes . adam but this people -- he indicate a particularly bad piece of delia 's sculp - ture . juno walk around it shaking she head . int . house the follow conversation take place as Barbara and Adam follow juno as she look around the house and end up in they attic space . JUNO thing seem pretty quiet here . you should thank God you do not die in Italy . ( check the file ) the deetze . okay . have you be study the manual ? adam we try . JUNO the intermediate interface chapter on haunting say it all . get them out yourself . it 's you house . haunted house do not come easy . barbara we do not quite get it . juno 's watch buzy , she stop it . JUNO I hear . ( refer to she file ) tore you face right off ! bad news . it obviously do not do any good to pull you head off in front of people if they can not see you . adam we have to start simpler , be that it ? JUNO start simply . do what you know . use you talent . practice . we only help that who help themselves . just do a little at a time . and of course , practice , practice , practice . it 's tricky but -- you be not murderer by any chance , be you ? barbara no . JUNO pity . murderer seem to have a easy time of it . just look at amityville . ( reminisc ) he be one of my boy . do not have to give that one any lesson . from day one ... but I must be off ... I have get a plane load of football player crash in the midwest ... they need a lot of help , just with the basic . point at she head indicate dumbness . barbara if ... we have trouble . what about the guy in the flyer ? betelge ... JUNO ( quickly interrupt - ing she ) do not say he name , you do not want he help . Adam and Barbara look at each other . puzzle . adam & barbara well ... we might ... int . attic - night juno peer into the model cemetery with interest . a fly buzy around she . juno blow it away . fly flee . JUNO no you do not ! he do not work well with other . barbara what do you mean ? what 's he do ? a grave look come over juno 's face as the light change to suggest someone tell a ghost story around a campfire . JUNO I be not go to bring it up -- but rather than have you stumble into it and make another mistake , I will tell you -- ( she nervously puff she cigarette ) he be my assistant , but he be a troublemaker ... he go out on he own as a free - lance bio-exorcist -- claim to get rid of the live ... get into more trouble -- you remember the Chicago Fire ... Adam and Barbara look at each other . juno continue . JUNO ( continue ) he be demote to a grade - 6 malevolent spirit . he 's be imprison on that plane ever since ... in fact , I believe he 's be sleezing around you cemetery lately . he can only be bring back by say he name three time . Adam and Barbara attempt to interrupt -- JUNO ( continue ) but I strongly suggest that you remove the deetz 's yourself . she take a final drag on the cigarette and smoke billow out the hole in she throat . juno start to fade . adam and if we need you again , how do we ...? juno fade . go . Barbara go to the model , look at the cemetery . barbara that guy be in we cemetery . oh , Adam . adam ( hold she shoul - der , calm she ) look , she 's right . we will just start simple , honey , be tougher . I feel ... confident . c'mon . they exit . camera follows action - over the model the fly buzy . it land and crawl along into the model of the cemetery . the fly resplendently green and iridescent , pause and fiddle with its hairy part . start to walk by . voice pssstt ! over here ! fly stop . tilt its multi-ey head . another angle two hand come up from the earth of that grave hold a candy bar . voice I can not use this . you should have it . fly get so little respect anymore . the flattered fly walk over to the grave . in a flash , the hand grab the struggle fly and dance it like a doll over the grave and then pull it into the earth . fly buzzz ! ( turn into ) help I ! help I ! a maniacal laugh grow from the grave . wind blows as the fly disappear . ivy whip away from the grave - stone . we see , for the first time , the chisele name : betelgeuse clap of thunder . int . charle ' study - night Charles be on the phone . he have drawing laid out in front of he . he be at he most urban persuasive , and oddly relaxed -- he be finally in he own element . charle maxie , have I not always make you money ? I think that be the only real question here . int . maxie' office - night New York office , cool design , black couch , and maxie dean , a 55 - year -old , super tan , white - haire wheeler dealer . sign say : chairman of botco industries . maxie look rich and he look cool as he talk to Charles . behind he , Sarah , he rich - look blonde wife , be look at herself in a mirror . maxie well , Charles -- no one have make I money like you . until you nerve go , you be a demon . it be just that ... Winter River , Connecticut be , you will forgive I , no fuck where . why would I invest that kind of money to buy a old building way the hell up there ? intercut conversation charle not a building ! that 's the beauty of it . I think I can buy the whole town . this people do not know the value of they property ! maxie then we own a whole town full of nowhere . charle no , no -- c'mon , Max , you know I . I have get plan . you gotta come up here and see , then I will tell you about it . maxie be not much interested . maxie well , sure , Charles , but I be busy here ... you know how it be when you be active . this burn Charles . but he swallow it . he hear something in the corridor outside -- a kind of low moaning . charle ( into telephone ) just a minute , maxie . somebody . maxie no listen ... we will talk about this visit later , I gotta go , I gotta meeting on the japanese joint venture . charle ( tear between the moaning and maxie ) great idea , maxie ! that japanese could run it for we . listen , think right about it , will you ? we have almost get the house ready , you bring Sarah with you and I will show you . maxie yeah yeah , we will think on it . bye ya , Charles . you relax up there , ya hear ? maxie hang up . shake he head . maxie ( continue ) putz ! inter River ? my ass . int . charle ' study - night Charles hang up frustrated . moaning increase . he go to the door and fling it open . a figure be right there in the doorway -- a ghost under a sheet . but a " designer " sheet . he wail away like a banshee . eyehole cut in sheet , Charles jump , be - cover . charle oh , Jesus , lydia ! be Connecticut so boring that you have to think up shit like this ? on Barbara , she stand back away from the door observ - ing skeptically . charle ( continue ) I have maxie Dean on the phone ! darling , dad 's find a way to make some money here while I relax , so scram ! he slam the door , turn around . then turn around again , and jerk the door open . the ghost be retreat - ing , beat . charle ( continue ) and you mother be go to kill you when she see that you cut hole in she $ 300 sheet . you provoke she you know . I mean she can be a unreasonable bitch . but you do provoke she . he slam the door again . int . upstair hallway - night Adam help Barbara on with she sheet . barbara God , this be so corny . have we be reduce to this ? sheet ? adam think of they as death shroud . and the moan be important . really moan ! ( imitate juno ) practice , practice , practice . int . master bedroom - night Television still go , delia asleep with curler . Adam and Barbara glide inside , go over and stand beside the bed . adam deep breath ... and ... int . lydia be room - night she have she ever - present camera around she neck . sud - denly hear moan from she parent ' room . think it be sexual , she cringe . cover she ear . lydia Gross ! how can he stand that woman ? ( louder ) hey , cut it out ! I be a child ! for God sake ! the noise get weirder . lydia get interested . int . master bedroom - night Adam and Barbara moan and groan . delia do not stir . barbara I feel really stupid . adam it 's not stupid . we be ghost . do you want this woman for breakfast for 125 year ? moan louder ! Barbara moan louder and more weirdly . delia stir , sit up , but do not open she eye . Adam and Barbara be excited then ... disappointed as delia fumble on the bedside table for the remote con - trol device , and without open she eye , turn off the television set . then she turn over , and be lose to the world totally . Barbara sigh . she and Adam walk toward the door . when they open it however , lydia be stand there in she pajamas -- she snap a flash Polaroid -- and Adam and Barbara jump backwards with yelp of fright . lydia sick ! sexual perversion ! if you be go to do weird sexual stuff you ought to stay in you bedroom , okay ? lydia start back into she room . then look at the develop photograph . something catch she eye . lydia yelp with fear . lydia Holy cow ! no foot ! she scream . Adam and Barbara scream . lydia rush back toward they , start flash picture . Adam and Barbara run around and be push into a corner . Polaroid fly everywhere . lydia run out of film . she stare at they , panting with fear . a standoff . lydia ( continue ) a ... be you the guy who be hide out in the attic ? adam ( fake terror voice ) we be ghost . Barbara moan . lydia ( skeptical , cautious ) W ... what do you look like under there ? Adam and Barbara pull shut bedroom door , go out into the hall -- as if to keep from waking delia with they conversation . int . upstair hallway - night all three stare at each other tentatively . adam be not you scared ? lydia I be not scared of Ralph lauren . that be sheet . be you gross under there ? be you " night of the live Dead " under there ? like all bloody vein and pus ? adam what ? lydia " night of the live Dead ? " it 's a movie . barbara ( pull off the sheet ) if I have see a ghost at you age , I would have be frighten out of my wit . lydia you be not gross . why be you wear a sheet ? barbara we be practice . adam you can actually see we ? without the sheet ? lydia be this like a trick question ? barbara tell the truth . lydia ( offended ) of course I can see you . adam nobody else can . lydia I be wear contact ... also I read through the " handbook for the recently decease . " it say that live people ignore the strange and unusual ... I , myself , be strange and unusual . barbara ( tenderly ) you look like a regular girl to I . lydia blushes . Barbara smile warmly . she be begin - ning to like lydia . adam you read we book ? could you follow it ? lydia nod she head . lydia why be you creep around delia 's bedroom ? adam we be try to scare you mother . lydia stepmother . I be very sensitive about be related to reptile . Barbara smile . lydia ( continue ) you can not scare she . she 's sleep with Prince valium tonight . ( defiantly ) I steal the key to you attic , you know . Adam and Barbara look at each other . barbara maybe we better talk . int . attic room - night Adam 's rig up the moon , and star , too . Adam and Barbara and lydia stand just beyond the fringe of the town , dimly light giant . lydia you do this ? you carve all this little figure and house and thing ? adam ( pleased ) I certainly do . I would finish it too , but ... I do not get out much . lydia and this use to be you house , I bet . why do you want to scare everybody ? adam we want to frighten you away . ( a little embarrassed ) so that you will move out . lydia you do not know the deetz 's very well , do you ? my father buy this place . he never walk away from equity . why do not you leave ? barbara we can not . we have not leave the house since the funeral . lydia funeral . God , you guy really be dead ! ( fascinate ) what be it like ? the funeral . do you cry ? adam we be not there . the handbook say funeral be not for the dead . lydia God , if this be true this be amazing ! I kinda like it up here . can I visit you sometimes ? adam well , I do not know ... we do not get many visitor . barbara you know you be really a pretty girl . lydia flush . charle ( o.s. ) lydia ! lydia I better go ... barbara wait ... I do not think it would be a very good idea if you tell you parent that we be up here . adam unless you think it would scare they off . lydia start to exit . adam ( continue ) you tell they that we be desperate horrible ghoulish creature who will stop at nothing to get back we house . lydia ( look he up and down ) wait a minute , what if this be a dream ? can you do any trick to prove I be not dream ? Barbara shake she head , a little ashamed . lydia ( continue ) well , if you be real ghost , you better get another routine , that sheet suck ! she sneak a smile at Barbara and exit . ext . house - day a big ugly machine be do something unnecessary to the yard . int . darkroom / basement - day the fast - ticking clock be a timer . lydia be make Polaroid enlargement . she 's quick and expert at this . she 's examine a print with a magnify glass . int . upstair bathroom - day delia shriek . go through the dirty clothes , she 's just come across the sheet with the eye hole in they . delia lydia ! lydia ! my hand be shred from do the laundry , and now I have to deal with you vandalism ! int . downstair hallway - day lydia , pound up from the basement with the wet print , collide with delia , rush down from the sec - ond floor with the scissore sheet . delia lydia , honest to God I be go to kill you . I be have a party tonight . I be cooking , I can not get servant . do I need angst ? no , I certainly do not ! lydia speed by she . delia ( continue ) you owe I three - hundred buck , lydia ! do not go run to you father , you worm . int . charle ' office - day lydia rush in . Charles be work furiously on a word processor , amidst a array of map and plan . lydia dad . do you believe I ? charle yes . except when you creep around in you mother 's -- lydia stepmother 's ... charle ... sheet . lydia well this be ... I mean , this be the weirdest -- charle lydia , I do not know what it be with you and this pratical joke , but -- lydia this be not a joke ! that sheet be full of ghost . she hand he the photo . he look . lydia point out ... lydia ( continue ) no foot . Charles laugh . lydia ( continue ) you do not believe I . that sheet be full of ghost . they live here . Charles begin to scroll through computer program . charle ( dismiss it ) very clever , lydia . now would you please -- I will tell you what ... I know ! you be bored , right ? you take that camera and you bike and photograph every building in town . do not tell anyone what it 's for ... ( hand she a wad of bill ) here , take some cash and go do it . how 's that ? you want to stretch , do not you ? lydia exit , with determination . Charles look up on the wall and run he finger over a plat map of Winter River , just like Adam 's in the attic . charle ( continue ) look at the size of this lot ... Adam peer at the map , puzzle . adam what be this guy do ? Barbara follow lydia out . Adam think , intrigue . exit . int . kitchen - day delia be frantically prepare for the evening 's dinner party . lydia be very much in she way , try to show she the photograph . delia be not look at they . delia I can not believe you be do this to I ! ghost . I be give a dinner party for seven people tonight . otho have agree to come back for the demolition of the attic . my agent , Bernard , be bring some woman who write for " Art in America . " in fact , no one here tonight have not be in " vanity Fair . " except you . lydia ( resign ) I tell they you be too mean to be afraid . delia do not you dare talk to other about I . I be a artist ! the only thing that scare I be be embarrassed in front of my friend . do you know how hard it be to get civilized people to set foot in this part of Connecticut ? not a solitary word of this pubescent tripe to anyone . lydia exit angrily . camera hinges . Barbara be watch , horrify at delia 's occupation of she ( Barbara 's ) kitchen . Adam appear . barbara lydia 's try , but they do not believe she . adam she 's get photo , Barbara . barbara Adam , you have a photo of Big Foot ! adam this be different . eventually she will take someone to the attic . and then what ? we have get to try to contact this guy betelmyer . we gotta get some help , hon . int . attic room - later - day Adam look intently through the book . Barbara 's eye be catch by something in the model cemetery . she move over and see a small gravestone light up by neon . barbara Adam ! Adam come over . look . adam I do not do that one ... hmmm . barbara it 's he . look ... betelgeuse ... betelgeuse ... she look at Adam , " should I ? " Adam chew he lip thoughtfully . adam go ahead ... third time 's a charm . barbara ( after a deep breath ) betelgeuse ! zap ! they be transport into the model graveyard . ext . inside the model graveyard - night wind blows -- with shovel and lantern , Adam and Barbara be unlikely gravediggers . the mechanize cloud move in the sky across the mechanical moon , throw weird shadow everywhere . Ground fog creep slowly along the grave . it be so eerie . barbara what happen ? adam Three time . powerful number . barbara ( stand in front of grave ) Bet ... el ... geuse . what a awful name . I think it be like -- you know . the juice of beetle . Adam cringe too . barbara ( continue ) where be he ? what do we do ? Adam look down at the grave . knock on the stone . nothing . adam have anything be simple so far ? from the look of the shovel , we dig . barbara oh , Adam . I do not have glove . my nail keep get longer . I will break they . hand she a shovel anyway . she dig . ext . inside the model graveyard - later - night they be almost down six foot . by now they be both almost out of sight in the grave . Inside the grave -- Adam suddenly hit wood . barbara it 's about time . they lean down and brush dirt off a brass plate on the coffin . " betelgeuse " adam I guess we open it . barbara maybe we should knock first ? a slight tremor shake they . they look at each other and try to scramble from the grave . topside they just barely crawl out when a moulder corpse spring out of the grave and jump on Barbara 's back , and plant a thousand - year - old kiss on she lip . she scream and burble . Adam pull the corpse off she back . the corpse do a Three stooge hammer on Adam 's head . Adam stagger backward , unhurt but shocked . all three stop . on the corpse something unreal about he , almost mechanical . then the corpse , grin insanely at they , fly straight up into the air over they head . he crash against the tombstone ... and Adam and Barbara see the corpse be only a huge marionette on a string and pole . a laugh come from behind the gravestone . puppeteer betelgeuse step out . he look like someone who just crawle out from under a rock . this be one slippery customer . betelgeuse speak in a rapid polyglot , choose word and phrase from every slang in the world . Barbara be mighty uneasy . betelgeuse all right . who be you ? barbara we're ... betelgeuse you be the dead . adam be not you dead ? betelgeuse Hell no ! I be roll . I be a businessman . I be the man what be . beeetel jooose ! who do I gotta kill ? adam you do not kill anyone . barbara just get some people out of we house . betelgeuse bio busting . I love it . who do I gotta kill ? family -- right ? obnoxious , I bet. ( contort face ) mommie , daddy , piglet . barbara just one daughter . betelgeuse hey you have be on saturn ! ( brush yellow dust off she ) I hate that sandworm ! yecchhh ! I have lose a lot of buddy to sandworm . ( back to work ) so a daughter ? she get good leg ? God I love a young leg . Air blow up Barbara 's dress , expose she leg . he leer . barbara she 's only fourteen ... adam ... act like she 's thirty - five . betelgeuse ( rub hand ) how do she feel about short old man with dirty ear ? Barbara be gross out and increasingly uneasy . beetle juice sense it and get back to business . betelgeuse so you , the dead , want I , the undead , to throw the live guy -- mommie , daddy and lolita , who might not mind a tumble with a older guy , out into the cold ? even though they have pay hard casharoonie for you dump ? adam but ... the deetze be destroy we house . betelgeuse ( scolding sarcasm ) you maitland be the backbone of the afterlife . so what 's my cut ? adam can you scare they off ? beetle juice look offended . betelgeuse I , scary ? you be the judge . angle he swirl he face and shoulder into a horrifying image . please , he laugh at himself . barbara ( decisively ) honey . let 's go . adam go ? what d'ya mean ? we need help . barbara no , we do not . we can work something out ourselves . we just have to try harder . betelgeuse hold on . let 's not be squeamish , missy . you ring my bell , you gotta lick the pump . I be roll ! barbara grab Adam . betelgeuse be get mad . not pretty . betelgeuse folk , be reasonable here . I be at you service . you be the judge . I be a harmless guy . try I . barbara Home . Home . Home ! zap they be go . betelgeuse be furious . betelgeuse you fresh corpse creep ! who do you think you be ?... walk away from a professional ? betelgeuse walk to a tree and kick it hard . the whole huge tree fall , kabloom ! int . attic - day a small tree fall in the model . Adam , across the room , walk over and straighten it . he look at Barbara who be poring over the handbook . make note . count out procedure . adam honey , I think that be a mistake . barbara I be not go to expose that little girl to that ... pervert down there . adam how would you do that ? barbara ( proud of herself ) just a hunch ... remember thing come in three -- three time in , three time out ... I be get the hang of this stuff . adam I think we really piss he off . barbara I do not care ... adam but we let he out . barbara I have change my mind ... I feel really confident . we be get better at this stuff . we can scare they off ourselves -- tonight ! I have get a idea . you be go to love it ... I be go to hate it . adam turn to look down at the model again . straighten the tree . turn away . we can see a tiny light move through the tiny model forest towards the house . adam ( v.o. ) okay . but that betelgeuse sure seem mad . betelgeuse ( v.o. ) ( sing ) hi ho , hi ho , it 's off to work I go ! int . dine room - night dinner for seven , as promise . everything look very nice . deetze be in control and in they element . the element be neurotic-chic . some of the guest be affect distaste for have have to make the long drive to Connecticut . there 's a bitchy feud go on between grace , the " Art in amer - ica " writer , and bernard , delia 's agent , that threaten to become a full - scale war . otho be drunkish and engage in he third favorite occupation -- direct attack on the personal weakness of he friend . he 's single out he victim , beryl , the editor for ballantine , a frail - look woman who be dress " artistically . " otho ( to beryl ) well , darling , you can only have a hysterectomy once , so why do not you tell we what you really go into the hospital for last week ? or dare I ask , be that a nose " nouveau ? " charle ( privately ; to otho ) otho , you have get to help I get maxie Dean up here . I have a deal that could make all of we very comfortable . otho he 's a cloven-hoove beast ! charle he 's you cousin . otho I be ashamed to say he be . look , nothing short of give away free sack of money would get he up here , Charles . and Sarah ? forget it . you can not get she out of bergdorf 's with plastic explosive . ( still on beryl 's case ) I just hope it be not yet another of you dreary suicide attempt . you know what they say about people who who commit suicide . in the afterlife , they become civil servant . bernard otho ! I do not know you be into the supernatural ? otho of course you remember ! after my stint with the live theatre . I be one of New York City 's lead paranormal researcher until the bottom drop out of the business in ' 72 . beryl ( sick to death of this blowhard ) paranormal ... be that what they be call you kind now ? lydia watch otho thoughtfully . suddenly very cur - ious . delia sense that lydia might talk ghost here . delia ( a threat ; quietly to lydia ) do not you dare . lydia I see some ghost . all quiet . delia ( interrupt ) lydia try to play a most amusing joke on I this afternoon . lydia it be not a joke . delia try to convince I that this house be haunt . kid . kid . kid ! I love they . otho 's glance sharpen at this . everyone else listen . grace by ghost ? lydia by what else ? delia ( laugh it away ) in sheet yet . designer sheet . they -- Charles , see thing be not go well for delia , propose a toast . charle I propose a toast to we intrepid friend . who brave the expressway and fourteen toll booth to visit we . May you building go condo . all lift they wineglass . all drink . all synchro - nously spit out they wine . all together now ... everyone yechhh ! Charles lift the wine bottle from the cooler . disgust span the room . on bottle -- it bear the familiar spread wing of thunderbird ! beryl thunderbird wine ? my God , delia , do not you even have a safeway up here ? delia ( horrify ; but recover ) joke joke ! Charles get the good wine and I will serve the shrimp . it 's a joke . delia stare a spike through lydia . delia and Charles rush into the kitchen . otho look at he glass and peer at lydia . int . kitchen - night delia rush to get the sushi . Charles find some good wine . delia ( rapidly ; furious ) lydia switch wine . Charles -- if you do not agree right now , to board school , you can forget have what you call sex -- ever again in you natural lifetime . he nod reluctantly . she rush back to guest . int . dine room - night lydia be look around curiously . delia and Charles rush back in with sushi and good wine . delia pour for Bernard , the obvious connoisseur . he taste the wine . all wait . be it kerosene du pape ? he smile . all smile . otho be more interested in lydia 's story . he lean toward she ... otho now , lydia ... favor we about you ghost . delia no ! do not encourage this little ... person . otho oh , delia , lighten up ! delia she 's be without therapy up here and I will not allow she to ruin ... but then : delia something come over she -- she straighten , then crouch a little , she hand sweep across in front of she , almost mechanically . and then we delia deetz , unable to help herself , leave the whitebread world behind and possess , sing in someone else 's voice , a rich , negro tenor . delia " if I do not care , more than word could say . " lydia 's eye widen . music up . all the guest be spellbound . Charles , too , have the beat -- the ink spot in he eye . in a voice not he own . charle " if my every prayer , do not begin and end with just you name . " delia be shocked . she look at lydia . delia for God 's sake , stop I ... she be cut short by she powerful inspiration . delia " I could not be true to you beyond compare . " all the guest except lydia , be possess to become the chorus . they stand by they chair , they spin in perfect motown choreography . everyone ( except lydia ) " shoo doo wop . shoo doo wop . " delia " if I do not care ... for you ... " everyone " shoo doo wop . shoo doo wop . " a look of sheer delight come across lydia 's face , unlike anything we have previously see . she dance and clap she hand in time with the music . she be in teen heaven . note : delia and the guest be fully aware of they sing / action , but helpless to stop themselves . while it be funny , it be nevertheless just a little frighten - ing . lydia excitedly look around the room to see if she can see the ghost . she can not . now the song pause ... everyone try to recover for a shocked second . instead , the tempo change . as the tempo quicken , the guest / chorus be syncopate like alternate piston as they be push and pull into they chair . they sing throughout . the song crash to its end . Bernard look down at he shrimp cocktail . the shrimp drape over the rice roll suddenly rear up like a hand and , make a tiny fist , grab he dangle tie and ... smash -- wider -- all the guest be punch by the shrimp , back over they chair to the ground . they be stunne . suddenly everyone run frighten into the next room . ext . / int . attic room - night Adam and Barbara with huge smile on they face , dance the bugaloo then hug and kiss on the landing in front of the attic . door be open . together we do it ! adam let 's watch them scatter . they enter the attic and run to the window . look out over the front yard . yard of house - there Pov - night fill with the car of the guest , as well as delia and Charles ' vehicle . adam ( o.s. ) any minute now . they will all run scream . back to scene they wait . nothing move outside . barbara you ink spot be wonderful ! Adam smile proudly . adam and you shrimp be remarkable . barbara my shrimp ? I do the wine . do not you do the sushi ? adam N ... no , I just do the ink spot . barbara ( v.o. ) who do the ? timid knock at the door of the attic . Barbara glance at Adam . they do not know what to do . lydia ( from outside the door ) it 's I . lydia . Adam , puzzle , go to the door and open it . lydia be stand there , sheepish . lydia ( continue ) they would like for you to come downstairs . delia say you can pick any sheet you want . int . live room - night the guest be sit expectantly . the photograph be be pass around . the wheel be turn in Charles ' mind -- he see a gold mine . everyone speak at once . delia it do indicate a marvelously urbane sense of humor on the part of this ghost -- that they actually appear in sheet ! otho we be deal with Tracy and hepburn here , a very sophisticated pair . we must protect they , treat they with respect . nurture they . charle people will pay big money for this . right , Grace ? grace ( nodd ) Charles , I want to know why you do not tell I about this -- delia ( now change she tune ) we be wait for proof . lydia 's photograph ... Charles be scheme . bernard ( skeptical ) what be you all talk about ? we ... we just get a little drunk , that 's all . otho no matter how drunk you get , you cannot sound like the ink spot . ( to Charles ) Charles , this be it ! you can get maxie Dean up here now . Charles plot and plan . otho his wife Sarah love the supernatural . I do a read for she just last week . told she she jowl would tighten soon . I mean she will make he sprint up here in he helicopter if you can produce ghost for she . beryl the " Enquirer " have offer fifty thousand dollar for absolute proof of life after death . I will send they over . bernard I be delia 's agent ! I have lose money for year on she work . if anything actually happen here , I will handle it , thank you . but not until I see some real proof . lydia appear at the base of the stair . everyone stop squabbling , look at she expectantly . lydia they do not want to come down . otho why not ? Bernard shake he head as if all this be a elaborate hoax . he harumph ! lydia I think the reason be they be try to scare you , and you do not get scared -- delia of course we be not scared . ( look around ) just a little startle . one of that shrimp drop down my kamali . Bernard be now convinced this whole business be a put - on . bernard ( shaking he head ) total collective hallucination . beryl I be a little tipsie . delia this be not a hallucination , people . this be real , really totally real . grace of course , they be rather spectacular effect -- for Connecticut , I mean . otho all presence have a home space . a place where they live , so to speak . where do they hide out ? lydia ( reluctantly ) the attic . charle the attic room be lock -- lydia they be ghost . they do what they want . otho fabulous ! otho fenlock 's " lock door " ghost ! probably commit suicide up there -- hang like beeve from the rafter . I be totally enchant . Bernard gather Grace and beryl and walk out the door . bernard delia , you be a flake . you have always be a flake . I be pack up and go back to the trick of the city . that I can manage . if you must frighten people , do it with you sculpture . they exit . delia be horrify and embarrassed . delia wait ! I be go to get to the bottom of this ! lydia , be this some high - tech trick of yours ? I want you to take we up there tout sweet ! int . landing outside of attic delia , Charles , otho and lydia -- creep , creep . delia ( whisper ) shhh . they be in there ? God , they live like animal . this be where they have be hide out ? lydia nod . delia suddenly , brashly pound on the door . delia ( shouting ) all right , you dead people ! come on out , or we will break down this door and drag you out on the rope you hang yourself with ! lydia shhhh . they do not commit suicide . delia it do not matter . what matter be I have get a roomful of guest down there , who think I be a fraud . ( to lydia ) I be go to teach you something here lydia . you have get to take the right tone in thing like this , or people -- whether they be dead or alive -- people will walk all over you . ( loud ) come on out , or I will make death so miserable that you will wish you have never live ! delia pound on door , which open with a eerie creak . int . attic - day lydia be push in first . she look around . delia , Charles and otho come in next , carefully . one by one they straighten up and look around . delia ( whisper ) so where be they , lydia ? lydia shrug , look around . charle ( off-handedly ) answer you mother . lydia listen , you guy . this ghost be really nice people . I think we scared they off . let 's just leave they alone . okay ? Charles be suddenly transfix . he stare at the model . charle it 's the whole damn town . they gather around . lydia be a little sad as she look at the empty room and the model . otho look at that detail ! delia look at the tiny figure . charle look at all that parking ! lydia come on . leave they stuff alone . otho they be not here , lydia ? she shake she head . otho spot the handbook . palm it . delia I have never be so embarrassed ... they have not go for good , have they ? delia be suddenly out the door , urging they all outside . delia ( continue ) everyone out of there . if they be in there somewhere , I do not want to scare they away . come on now , stay out of there . we have get work to do . otho pocket the handbook secretly as everyone exit . delia carefully close the door . camera ease over to the window we see two pair of hand , white - knuckle , grip the window sill from the outside . ext . house - night Barbara and Adam be hang outside the window . camera ease back to see that instead of hang from the house -- they be hang from a ledge over the inferno -- on inferno circle of rosy hell . several devilish monster slaver up at they , hope for new meat for the furnace . small geyser spurt foul gass . wind blow hard on Adam and Barbara . they struggle to hold on and pull themselves back up and into the window . adam juno , help ! juno ! after nearly fall , Adam barely save Barbara and they finally make it up , and disappear into the window . int . attic landing - night delia , Charles and otho all start down the stair , one by one . all be hold the handrail . delia lydia , I will never forgive you for embarrassing I in front of my social inferior . you help we with this ghost or you will be sorry . lydia I be sorry already . charle ( fix on otho ) now , let 's get back to business . I I want to get maxie Dean and Sarah up here immediately . I can make history here ! I be go to turn this sleepy little backward town into a lead supernatural research center ... and amusement park . lydia ( disgust ) I can not believe this . charle delia will cook ... delia glare at he . charle ( continue ) I will bring the wine ... and the business plan . and lydia -- you will bring the ghost . lydia ( frustrated ) I can not bring the ghost . they be not here ! charle ... otho , could you actually ... do something with they ? otho ( pat the handbook under he coat ) perhaps ... if I be properly motivate ... lydia that 's slavery and murder . you do not know they . they be nice people ! Pov -- down the handrail , as they walk downstairs . lydia lag behind , sullen . lower end of the handrail lift , and turn . the handrail have become a long , fat , diamond - back snake -- unlike any we have ever see . it flash terrifying steel tooth and a red-feather comb . it turn and hiss at they . on delia she scream as she look down at she hand on the rail -- it grip the scaly , throbbing , drip body of the snake . the snake just get longer and nastier as it turn back in the air , up the stair toward they . its tail circle delia and spin she like a top . when she stop -- the snake give she a big wet snake kiss . snake snap otho in the behind . it hurt . the snake rear up and spread a red-comb and hiss loudly . all three of they fall over each other try to escape . the snake hover horribly over they . grab Charles in its coil and squeeze he hard -- he fearful face redden , then it suspend Charles over the edge of the stair . snake we have come for you daughter , Chuck ! he leer at lydia and drop Charles like a rock over the bannister . Charles scream . the snake grin at a terrify lydia . snake rear back for a strike , when suddenly , like thunder . one word be hear . barbara betelgeuse ! betelgeuse ! betelgeuse ! the snake look up with familiar eye . at top of stair stand a angry Barbara . what happen next be almost too fast for the eye to see . the snake shrink and turn back into the regular mahogany hand - rail . betelgeuse or he outline , whip up the stair , through the door , and be go like a rocket . betelgeuse rrratt shit ! otho and delia rush downstairs -- lydia be terrify . she run away . lydia I hate you ! I think you be my friend . barbara no , wait ! lydia scream and run down the stair . lydia ( scream ) I hate all of you ! slowly , Barbara return to the attic . int . attic - night Adam and Barbara be exhaust . agitate . adam great choice we have get here . we get to spend the next century either hang out that window or do parlor trick . Adam be work with the model town . Barbara be pac - ing . adam maybe they will leave now . that snake be a pretty nasty customer . barbara he might have hurt somebody . adam but he do not . we have get he where we want he . on the model a column of water shoot high in the air . Adam rush over to the model -- look down . int . model - day betelgeuse have run a beat - up old pickup into a fire hydrant . he stand nearby , hopping mad ; shake he fist at Adam . betelgeuse you pansy - ass cretin ! how dare you do that to I . I coulda finish the job ! in the attic Barbara and Adam , obviously disturb , look at one another with concern . betelgeuse ( v.o. ) ( thin and pip - ing voice ) why do you stop I ? barbara I do not like Charles deetz particularly , but you could have kill he . betelgeuse hey , I have be bottled up for six hundred year . every dog have he day . this be my town . I need a night to howl . adam this be my town . betelgeuse you wish ! I nearly score with that little blonde . I need I a short little queen . angle angry , Barbara reach down into the model and pluck betelgeuse up . Barbara lift he up toward she , squeezing he slightly . barbara you leave she alone , you horrid little prick ! closeup - betelgeuse in barbara' hand betelgeuse grin . suddenly large spike shoot out all over he body , pierce the skin of Barbara 's palm and finger . Barbara 's blood be a rich pink . she squeal and release the evil spirit and he plum - met . ext . model - day betelgeuse land on the town common . betelgeuse be defiant . betelgeuse go ahead . make my millenium ! angle we hear the tinny strain of " honky tonk angel " as if from down the street . he turn around to follow it . betelgeuse this burg get a cathouse ? I be get anxious if you know what I mean . six hundred year and all . he turn the corner to a whorehouse , with woman -- woman with demon horn -- hang out of the window , beckone . betelgeuse rub he hand together and swagger inside . int . attic - day Barbara aghast , watch this from above . barbara Adam ! why do you build a whore house ? have you ever be to ...? adam I do not -- angle he do not finish -- a strong wind blow through the attic , nearly knock Barbara and Adam over . they close they eye against the gale . when they open they eye again , they be no longer in the attic . they be in -- int . juno' outer office - day a cubicle in a much larger office . miss Argentina swishes by . receptionist God , you have get she steaming now . she exit . there be other special worker . the place be really , really busy . Adam and Barbara sit down to wait . juno storm through with a sheaf of papers . she see they . she be steaming mad . JUNO the whorehouse be my idea . I want betelgeuse out of the picture ! we have get some serious talk to do . barbara about what ? JUNO you people have really screw up ! I receive word that you allow yourselves to be photograph . and you let betelgeuse out and do not put he back , and you let otho get ahold of the handbook . adam handbook ? when ...? JUNO ( continue tirade ) never trust the live ! we can not have a routine haunt like yours provide incontrovertible visual proof of existence beyond death . adam well , we do not know -- a bunch of football player follow juno like hungry dog . dumb # 1 hey , coach , where 's the men' room ? JUNO ( frustrated ) I be not you coach . he survive . dumb # 2 you do not need a man 's room . you be not no man no more . but coach , let I get this -- what 's we curfew over here ? they start squabbling . juno have to wrangle they into another room . JUNO ( frustrated ) I will be right back . int . kitchen - day Charles sit at the table with a small bandage on he head . delia take off she gucci belt and whip it on a chair absent-mindedly . delia I feel like we have be at war , Charles . charle at least insofar as we have we first casualty . me. delia otho will know what to do . charle what 's he go to do ? viciously rearrange they environment ? delia otho know just as much about the supernatural as he know about interior design . charle let 's hope he know how to produce that damn ghost for Max and Sarah ... because I have buy option on property all over town . I need Max 's financing ... delia just do not tell lydia . charle why not ? delia I think she 's in with they . dissolve to : int . lydia' bedroom - day it 's dark . the bedroom curtain have be close . dramatic opera music build throughout . lydia melodramatically dress in a long black dress appear carry a candle . she be softly cry . she sit at she dress table , the candlelight show she write paper . she begin a very dramatic letter . lydia I be alone . she look at it and crumpling the paper , start again . lydia ( continue ) I be utterly ... alone . you have seal my fate with you betrayal . I can no longer stand to be use like a puppet between two deceitful world . by the time you read this , I will be go , have jump off ... she scratch that out . lydia ( continue ) ... have plummete off the Winter River Bridge . then you will know that I be no longer a toy in you petty feud . Goodbye , lydia . a tear fall on the paper as she fold it and put it in a envelope . opera music build and continue . int . charle ' office - day lydia slowly make a copy of the suicide note . the green of the xerox light fall eerily on she sad face . int . hallway - day lydia at bottom of attic stair . lydia be Pov - stair and door at top they look ominous . she start upward . int . attic room - day the door open and lydia peer in . the room be empty . lydia come inside . lydia be you here ? she hear something . look all around the room . nothing . lydia ( continue ) Mr. and Mrs. maitland ? I have come for the last time ? ( lay note on table ) where be you ? barb ... betelgeuse ( v.o. ) they be dead . lydia look around , then peer into model . betelgeuse ( v.o. ) ( continue ) think small . I be talk to you . ext . model town - build roof - day a tiny betelgeuse on the roof of a building , wear a silk dress gown , look like he just drag he - self out of bed . one of the horn whore be nude , sunbathing in the corner , and betelgeuse drape a blanket over she . lydia 's face loom enormous in the sky . betelgeuse Cookie , they be dead , dead , deadski . lydia of course they be dead . they be ghost . betelgeuse no , I mean they have go . decampe . Split . vanish . lydia where would they go ? betelgeuse the happy hunt ground . who care ? lydia be you a spirit too ? betelgeuse sort of . High spirit . heh heh . listen , cookie , I have be trap in this burg for hundred of year . all I want be to get out . lydia I want to get in . betelgeuse you do ? over here ? on my side ? lydia I think so . betelgeuse ( scheme quickly ) well , yes , of course . it 's great over here . you will meet all the great . James Dean . sid vicious ... lydia well , it can not be any worse than my life here . betelgeuse ( sinister , encourage she ) that 's right . they treat you like scum , I bet ? lydia yeah . betelgeuse I can not help you from this side , but here 's how we do it . so simple . say my name three time . that 's all . I will be all yours . then I will bring you over here in style . lydia I ... I do not know what you name be . betelgeuse minor problem . the rule . I can not tell it to you . but .. do you know how to play charade ? lydia yes . betelgeuse of course you do . he hold up two finger in a V. lydia two word . betelgeuse hold up one finger . lydia ( continue ) first word . betelgeuse put two finger on he arm . lydia ( continue ) Three syllable . betelgeuse no , dummy . two . lydia you finger be so small I can not see they . first word -- two syllable . he point behind she . lydia ( continue ) I do not know what that signal mean . betelgeuse it mean look behind you , bimbo . angle lydia look behind she . a greet beetle the size of a volkswagen be crouching . its feathery antennae reach out toward she menacingly . lydia yelp . lydia beetle ! betelgeuse good girrrl ! pop ! the beetle disappear . betelgeuse hold up two finger . lydia ( still shake ) second word . be careful . angle apprehensive , she jump when a simple carton of orange juice materialize . Orange juice pour out into a ghostly glass . lydia Breakfast ? Orange ? the orange juice disappear . he shake he head . lydia Breakfast beetle ? beetle ? beetle fruit ? fruit bat ? fruit Battle ? volkswagen ? fruit wagon ? betelgeuse good thing you be a beautiful kid . you be dumb ! betelgeuse do the signal for " now put they together . " lydia I be not ! beetle ... juice ? betelgeuse ( jump with delight ) that 's it ! lydia you name be beetle juice ? yecch ! that 's as bad as deeelia deeetz . betelgeuse it 's spell different , but basically ... now you say it twice , just one more time . and I will be free. ( sinister ) and then you will be free . lydia , puzzle , get the magnify glass and peer at he . on he ugly face big in the glass betelgeuse jump in the air , he robe part -- we do not see anything , but maybe lydia do . lydia God , you be anatomically correct ! betelgeuse just say it . lydia ( recognize something about he ) you be the snake ! right ? I know . it be you . betelgeuse you have get to say it ! lydia no I do not . I do not take order from smurf . betelgeuse how would you like to be marry to ... the King ...? lydia do not get it . betelgeuse ( continue ) ... elvis ?... ( boast ) you know , ever since he come over he and I have be just like this . ( cross he finger ) I can arrange it . just say my name one more time . she think about that one . shake she head . lydia no , no ... I need to talk to Barbara . betelgeuse smile . betelgeuse well , cookie , just say my name . I can get she . ( rub he horny little hand together ) that and so much more ... lydia walk around think for a moment . lydia who else do you say be over there ? int . juno' office - day juno stare at they , hard . JUNO yes ... or no ? do you want the deetze out or in ? adam out . barbara what about betelgeuse ? JUNO forget he . he will remain with he whore until someone call he . you need to worry about people like otho . there be a lot of phony trance medium . they usually can not make the formulas work , but if otho stumble on the right word in that handbook ... he could hurt you . as in -- exorcism . they both look puzzle . JUNO ( continue ) in plain English -- that 's death for the dead . I do not care what it take , just get they out of there now . it 's not pretty , but -- that 's death ! Adam stand to go . JUNO ( continue ) wait a minute . let 's see what you be go to do ... they look at juno . JUNO ( continue ) ... to scare she . I want to make sure it 's not some silly parlor trick . Barbara look at Adam . adam I will do the hard part , hon . adam reluctantly pull on he face , and contort it into a live , breathe , horror . juno be even a little repulse . JUNO not bad . not bad . now you ? go ahead . angle she reluctantly do with she face a minor version of Adam 's horror . JUNO ( continue ) okay . you look great ! now go clean house . and do not forget the photograph and the damned handbook . angle Barbara and Adam slowly stand and walk out the door . Barbara / monster look back pleadingly . football player flood into juno 's office . one particularly dumb player have a revelation . ( he 's pretty grisly , maybe sit too close to the engine . ) particularly dumb player coach ! coach , I do not think we survive the crash ! Barbara and Adam look at each other and continue out the door . outside juno' office they enter a long dark hallway . they suddenly find themselves stand in front of lydia 's room . Adam / monster look at Barbara / monster as he grab the door - knob . she stop he . tear fall down she sad ghostly face . barbara Adam . I can not do it . I like that little girl . adam / monster it 's too late . sometimes thing just work out this way . we have to , honey . barbara / monster no we do not . we can rebel or something . we will just stay up there in we room . I will read , you can build on the model . come on . she rush up the stair , toward the attic . he follow she . adam / monster wait . we can not , honey . we house ... she get to the door . grab the handle . barbara I want to be with lydia ! she throw open the door . int . attic - day lydia be stand over the model , about to say betelgeuse 's name . lydia okay . beetle ... j... Barbara / monster , horrify , scream ! barbara / monster ! lydia , stop ! Adam / monster run to grab she . lydia be terrify . scream . adam / monster no , do not say it ! betelgeuse say it ! Rat shit ! betelgeuse slip off the roof into a patch of thorny bush . int . attic - night lydia scream , Adam / monster try to calm she . lydia struggle and , think she be be attack , run out the door . smack into Barbara / monster . Barbara catch she , frighten lydia even more . Barbara hold onto she as she struggle . Barbara / monster slowly change back into regular Barbara . lydia see who it be and she hug she . like mother and daughter . on adam - slowly return to himself . he smile slightly at the scene . betelgeuse ( o.s. ) you lily - liver bleed heart ! barbara I be so sorry we frighten you . what be you do ? lydia he ... beetle jui ... Barbara quickly put she hand over she mouth . lydia ( continue ) he say if I let he out he would take I over to the other side to find you . barbara no , lydia , we be dead . lydia I want to be dead , too . barbara ( shocked ) no you do not ! no ... lydia ... why ? lydia ( after a pause , dramatically but for real ) life be just ... unliveable ... Barbara hug she . she fumble for word . this be a unusual situation , a dead person talk a live person out of kill herself . she rock lydia a little . Barbara look at Adam . barbara lydia , believe I ... we know ... all the hard stuff be the same over here . you be go to be who you be ... whether you be alive or dead ... and over here -- it 's ... it 's flat ... there 's no food , no color ... you can not smell the flower . ( think ) if we know then what we know now ... we would have be more careful ... adam ( in the style of the dead receptionist ) ... we would not have have we little accident . lydia look at Barbara lovingly . barbara so never let beetlejuice out -- never . besides ... ( look at Adam ) we be think about let everyone stay ... you and you father and mother can stay too . lydia ( smile and say slowly ) step ... mother . adam / monster be not sure , huff around a little . he be try to change back into Adam , except for he nose , which remain like a beak for a minute . finally , it change too . lydia and Barbara laugh at he . angle without notice lydia , otho and Charles push in through the door and grab the model . they take it out the door . Adam be beside himself . do not know what to do . Barbara stop he from take action . adam what be go on ? lydia really . I do not know . Adam look suspiciously at she . lydia ( continue ) I really do not . I will go find out . she run out the door . barbara be careful . int . hallway - night lydia run through the hallway and into the dining room . int . dine room - night lydia walk into a presentation in progress . sitting around the table be otho , maxie , and delia . Sarah Dean be there , too . she look around lydia hope for ghost . Sarah be heavily make up , smell bad . lydia 's photo of the sheeted ghost be blow up and stand on a nearby easel . Charles , over the model with a pointer , be lose in mid-sentence . charle -- in short , I have get option to buy enough of Main Street to control the city council for a hundred year . and at the price I be talk about , if it all fall apart tomorrow , we just move out and sell to the Arabs and we still come out ... I have talk to Ed cornwall about a wax museum , here ... in Thanksgiving Park ... Ed 's the man who make the talk jesse Jackson statue . and I have get a museum dedicated to 50 great moment in the paranormal -- and parenthetically , D - con want to the right to start a insect zoo here in the old hardware store . ( see lydia ) lydia , do you finally decide to join we ? they all give she a oily smile . charle honey , I be just finish the first phase presentation about we little project here . then we will take a stretch and invite we friend ... to meet you friend . Sarah get maxie 's attention and unable to contain she excitement , silently urge he to get on with the ghost . sarah be they here yet ? maxie yes , Charles , let 's cut the bullcorn . we be here to see ghost . this whole ghost town museum and such like follow a train , if you have get the engine ... so let 's see you goddamn engine . everyone look at lydia . lydia they're ... not here anymore . charle ( smile apologetically ) nonsense , every time she say that , the paint peel , and some wild creature try to kill we . sarah ( motion ) we have get this picture , lydia . lydia no , really ... they say they might come back and all of we could live in peace if you agree not to tease they or make they do silly trick . Sarah be disappointed . she go to maxie . delia take over . delia she 's become a little emotional about all this . no counseling up here . but we be not rely on she . no , we rely on professional . we have ... otho . the whole room turn to otho . who be scribbling some - thing and mumble . charle be they still here , otho ? otho look up ; he miss the question . delia be they still here , otho ? otho oh , they be still here . they be just not show up . charle they be probably guilty about what they do to I . delia not this people ! they be ruthless ! maxie I do not care from guilt . I just want to see they . charle otho , can you do it ? otho it 's tricky , but I think I can handle it . he dramatically produce the handbook . lydia no ! lydia begin to think about this scene and she shift to another point of view . lydia wait a minute ! what be I worried about ? otho , you can not even change a tire ! otho ( take the challenge ) I will need something personal of theirs . lydia you will have to go to the goodwill . delia get a idea . ext . house - night the moon stare down icily through gray cloud . wind up . int . attic - night Barbara be look out the window . barbara ( wistful ) you know , I have be think . I could teach lydia to sew . adam Little black party dress ? barbara ( punch he playfully ) ah , Adam , you do not know anything about little girl . she 's just ... miss out on some love , that 's all ... adam ( huffy ) let 's see if she can get my model back . barbara you can build another one ... with she . Adam be not convinced . Barbara motion he to sit next to she . barbara ( continue ) come here , I want to talk to you . int . dine room - night delia carefully bring out a big plastic bag . lay something out on the dining room table . delia I be deeply sentimental about ... wedding . lydia stand to see : delia carefully lay out Barbara 's white wedding dress . then next to it , Adam 's wedding tux . lydia look at it . a chill run through she . lydia ( hushed realization ) they wedding clothes . otho ( dramatically ) they wedding clothes . otho then hold up the handbook . sarah the " word " . otho nod . int . live room - night lydia be nervous now . otho light a candle and delia turn out the light . otho hand vermillion / start of five bright cotillion / raven 's dive nightshade promise / spirit 's strive , to the live / let now the dead ... come alive . nothing happen . lydia nervously turn away . lydia ( sarcastically ) doo wah . angle then a sizzle , a tiny crackle , along one side of the square . int . attic - night Barbara with she arm on he shoulder , talk to Adam . barbara we have be give a gift here , honey . a real live little girl . she like we a lot . she need we . maybe that 's why we die so young , to keep we from get so ... attach to thing . the house , antique , you model . look at we . we do not have room for anyone . adam ( after a long think ) what make you think she like I ? Barbara slowly smile . he do too . he turn to Barbara . camera hinges with he to see -- on barbara her face be frighten . she can not speak . she reach out to he -- but be disappear . he reach for she but she be suddenly -- gone . int . dine room - night varicolor lightning bolt shoot from every corner of the square . a gasp from everyone but lydia . on lydia -- she be look away . she turn to see : on the dress Barbara 's wedding dress float over the table and fill slowly , painfully , with the arm , leg and finally the frighten face of Barbara . a lightning bolt flare . lydia rise slowly to she foot , unable to resist . more lightning bolt . otho as sudden thunder / pierce the night ; as magic wonder / mad affright rive asunder / man 's delight : we ghost , we corpse and we rise to be . lydia walk slowly toward Barbara . on barbara she be in pain , she be very slowly aging . she speak , but no word can be hear . not even by lydia . but we can see she be call for ... Adam . lydia stop it ! maxie shhhh ! lydia scream for Adam . lydia Adam . Adam . otho ( louder ) as fly the lizard / serpent fall ; as goblin vizard , / at the spell of pale wizard , / sink to hell ; the bury , dead , and slain ... rise again . int . attic - night in a lightning flare we see : Adam search for Barbara . he rush out into the hallway . adam Barbara ! Barbara ? ba ... his last plaintive call become mute as he too begin slowly to disappear . int . dine room - night on each of the watcher one by one , scared but delighted too . no one be watch lydia . on lydia -- tear well up in she eye . on barbara she be slowly aging . now a bewilder Adam appear , float in he wedding suit . see he Barbara , now older than he be , Adam reach for she hand ... on hand -- as he grasp she hand , it seem to be make of white crepe ; it wrinkle and nearly collapse . Adam ... puzzle , call she name silently . delia what 's happen to they ? otho I do not know . charle be they suffer ? lydia ( scream ) they be die . maxie they be already dead . they can not feel a thing . obviously not true . on barbara -- she look down slowly at lydia and with effort make a loving smile . she reach out toward lydia . completely helpless now , lydia weep openly and then something come over she . she rush across the room . stare down at the model . lydia where be you ? help we ! please . betelgeuse ! a crack of lightning . ext . model town graveyard - night someone , or something , like the figure of death in the goya draw , be perch atop the gravestone of Barbara and Adam maitland . the grave beneath he be open . the figure turn ... it be betelgeuse . he be filing he talon casually . he speak with a ghastly rasp . betelgeuse so ... you be ready for I now ? lydia you have get to help they . betelgeuse can you help I ? lydia ( frighten ) ... I will . betelgeuse then I will help they . for a price . he grin . lydia W ... what be it ? betelgeuse ( he word echo horribly be ... my ... queen ! lydia ( repulse ) you qu ...? but you be ... betelgeuse ( smile devilishly ) I be beeyoo- teeful . on lydia she be chill . step back . she turn back to the maitland who be continue to age . look back to the model . lydia ... all right ... betelgeuse ... on betelgeuse he double in size . the tombstone crumble beneath he ... lydia ( v.o. ) ( louder ) betelgeuse ... wider on graveyard he double in size again . on lydia she hesitates . on betelgeuse - tight he look up at she confidently . lydia betelgeuse ! dine room - night Barbara and Adam 's corpse be nearly at the end of they rope . charle all right , that 's enough . can you stop this now ? otho do not answer . charle ( continue ) otho ? otho it 's too late , Charles . I be sorry . int . dine room - night lydia peer at the model . betelgeuse be transform . there 's a low rumble . the model town start to shake . int . dine room - night lydia back away . betelgeuse 's head , now human-size , rise from the center of the model town . tight on he face his grin be malevolent and malicious . it 's showtime , folk ! betelgeuse attention , k - Mart shopper ! on deety -- who have be focus on the maitland now turn around to the model . on model betelgeuse begin a bright but sinister Carnival barker 's pitch . his shoulder now be clear the model . betelgeuse welcome to Winter River ! angle Sarah rush over to the model , think this be more of the show . maxie follow . betelgeuse hel lo piggy ! welcome to Winter River ! see the Museum of Natural greed . the monument to bore businessman ! come closer ! angle suddenly betelgeuse 's arm elongate , swell and crackle . on maxie and sarah they eye grow wide . tight on betelgeuse's hand they split , unfurl , and transmutate into two , shiny , huge sledgehammer . on betelgeuse he grin , he eye sparkle in anticipation . carney music up . betelgeuse ( roughly to the tune of " Santa Claus be come to town " ) you better not sell , you better not buy ... on maxie and sarah behind each of they , a graduate carnival bell ringing game standard erect itself . on betelgeuse betelgeuse ( still sing ) or old uncle beetle Claus will be makin ' ... you ... fly . betelgeuse swing he hammer / hand and send Max and Sarah zoom through the roof . go . go . angle betelgeuse ( in style of game show host ) yowser , yowser . well , who do we have here tonight ? angle he look up at the suspend maitland . betelgeuse let 's have a hand for the maitland , Barbara and Adam . they deserve a rest . on maitland wispy shadow by now , but still alive / dead . they fall in a heap on the floor . note : they immediately start to regenerate themselves . betelgeuse well , we will get back to they after they recover from they flight . on adam fill out again , he struggle to stand , but fall . Barbara shake she head , try to regain she focus . betelgeuse ( look around ) my God , what ugly wall dress . who be responsible for all this ugliness ? ( spying otho try to hide ) otho , it 's you ! watch out for the taste patrol ! angle he wave and the door open . a little italian gentle - man appear . otho no. noooo ! my God . it 's Giorgio armani ! giorgio before youa getta start herea , I joost wanta to saya , otho , do n'ta weara my stuff ? okay ? youa too fat for human- type clothes . ita make my design looka like aircraft cover ! angle otho be horrify . suddenly he look down and see he clothing have transformed into a polyester nightmare . he run out the door scream . betelgeuese laugh with delight then focus on lydia . betelgeuse let 's leave this crazy world behind we . I will take you out in style ! sound of eerie wedding MARCH . the fireplace change into a expressionist altar . angle his leer horn whore walk like bridesmaid , in step , through the door . they rush toward lydia . angle frightened , lydia be assault and pull forward by this ugly handmaiden ; she suddenly look down and see she be now clothed in a blood-re wedding dress . lydia scream !! barbara no ... no ! Adam 's eye widen . lydia ( frighten , but hurl the incan - tation to make he disappear ) no ... betelgeuse . Bet ... betelgeuse wave a hand and lydia 's mouth freeze . delia and Charles plead with the recover maitland . delia ( frantic ) please , can not you do something ! please ! on barbara and adam Adam , not fully recover , heroically try to speak -- but he jaw fall off . a exhaust Barbara try to help he reattach it . betelgeuse look at lydia . betelgeuse you know if we be go to get marry , we be go to need witness ! betelgeuse shift he glare to Charles and delia . from behind , delia 's horrid sculpture come to life and attack Charles and delia . the sculpture twist around they , force they to watch the hideous spectacle . Adam and Barbara be rapidly try to recover as the ceremony begin . a death -masked old preacher slide down the fireplace , ready to perform the service , speak with a hiss death rattle . preacher do you , betel ... his mouth drop and be freeze . betelgeuse uh-uh ! no one say the B word ! preacher do you , _____________ , take this woman to be you wedd wife ? to honor ... betelgeuse ( interrupt ) you betcha ! lydia scream and struggle . preacher and ... you ? do you , lydia , take this man ?... er , uh ... man ... to be you lawful wedd husband ?... in sickness ... lydia struggle . her scream be muffle and distant . betelgeuse grab she and shake she . betelgeuse you do not have to answer he , snookum . I will do it for you . ( eerily , speak in she voice ) I be lydia deetz and I be of sound mind . the man next to I be the one I want . you ask I ... I be answer . yes . how I love that man of mine . Adam , now fully regenerate , move toward they . he shout the incantation . adam beetle ... angle betelgeuse turn to he and with a sweep of he hand , Adam 's tooth ( as if they be false ) , fly out of he mouth and clatter to the floor . Adam , toothless , muster up he ghost power and -- on teeth - tight -- they rare back and continue shouting ... teeth beetleju ... angle mayhem break out . a furious betelgeuse stomp at they with he foot . the tooth scuttle under the model . betelgeuse ( angrily , to old man ) now move it , pop ! on adam speechless , Adam heroically charge toward betelgeuse , ready to strike he . betelgeuse spin on he and wave he hand . SOUND of rushing wind . on adam he have be zap into he model town . angle Barbara scream and jump at betelgeuse . barbara beetlegeuse ... betelgeuse turn on she , eye flash . on barbara a gag come over she mouth . on model Adam be run around the street try to get out of the model . he look up into the sky , see a red glow and thundering wedding music . he do not know what to do . on barbara she tear away she face ( like tissue ) and try to say he name again ... barbara betelgeuse ... on betelgeuse more angry , he wave he hand . on barbara her lip be zippere shut . in model desperate , Adam get a idea . he run over to the truck betelgeuse have crash earlier , jump in and try to start it . on barbara she unzip she mouth and try again . barbara be on betelgeuse Fire dart from he eye .... on barbara a chromium steel plate be rivete across she mouth . she scream wordlessly behind it . in model Adam finally get the truck start . barbara struggle with she mouth , frustrated to the break point , she look all around the room and rush to the window and crash through into the night . in model Adam see Barbara rush out . he look back at betelgeuse , floor the gas pedal and go for one last shot . betelgeuse betelgeuse ( angry ) now , let 's get roll ! preacher then , by the authority vested in I by ... a rumble come from outside . everyone notice but the preacher . he stutter to finish the wedding . betelgeuse by I ! get on with it ! louder noise from outside . now nearly deafening . preacher yes ... by he . I now pronounce you man and ... angle the truck be racing up to betelgeuse 's foot . Adam bail out just in time as the truck hit betelgeuse 's foot and explode , give he a distracting hot foot , then -- on window through it -- amidst a cloud of yellow dust -- crash the sand worm . Barbara ride he bareback . Barbara struggle to control the roaring worm . she pull on he ear and look around for beetle juice . see he , she spur the Worm after beetle juice . angle beetle juice struggle , try to run from the worm . but Barbara and the worm outmaneuver he , corner he , and when the worm reach he , he open he hungry mouth and gulp betelgeuse in one mouthful . betelgeuse rrrrat shit ! angle Barbara leap off , as the Sand Worm continue down through the floorboard of the house betelgeuse be go . Adam be back to full size . Charles and delia be no longer hold by the sculpture . lydia run back to she family and Adam and Barbara . the dust settles . on hole - JUNO peer into the room . she pull the whore through the hole . fade out . fade in : ext . MAIN STREET - winter river - a bright day bird sing . Ernie polish the lion . Old Bill sleep . people stroll . ext . miss shannon' boarding school - day a lovely white board school with long , green lawn . a bell ring . Girls come out the front door . say goodby . lydia walk out too , carry book . lydia ' bye , serena . see you later . lydia walk along Main Street of Winter River . ext . jane butterfield antique / TRAVEL / real estate Jane be get out of she car -- Little Jane follow . jane hellooo ! how 's school ? lydia ( not particularly interested ) it 's okay . how 's the dirt business ? jane well , I be expect a call from you parent . I have some news for they . Jane hear phone ring from inside , rush in to answer it . lydia tell they I will call they tonight . ext . MAIN STREET - winter river - a bright day Ernie polish the lion . lydia pass . lydia do not forget the ball , Ernie . he look around , surprised . int . jane butterfield antique / TRAVEL / real estate Jane scream into the phone . jane what do you mean no ? after all I have do for you . I do not do this for my health you know . camera explore a row of photograph of house for sale . on photograph -- of the old maitland house . it be delapidate and haunt - look . a legend read : fixer - Upper 's special . " back to jane -- she be frustrated . jane I have here a bona fide offer of $ 250,000.00 for that dump . Little Jane be now at the xerox machine . the noise irritate Big Jane and she throw a wad of paper at Little Jane . Little Jane get mad and throw she papers into the air and exit . int . new york apartment - day we recognize the furniture . it 's the deetze ' . delia be on the phone to Jane . Charles come in with the Wall Street Journal . he fidget , tap he finger , as he read and pour coffee -- all at once . delia ( whisper to Charles ) it 's Mrs. butterworth again . Charles pick up the extension . charle listen to I , Jane . we do not want anyone look at the house . we do not want it paint , the yard mow , the tree trim , nor do we want it termite inspect . it 's not for sale . int . jane's store - day Jane listen . Silent . think . jane well . okay for now . when will you sell it ? int . new york apartment - day delia ( smile ) never , honey . never . she hang up . look at Charles . delia ( continue ) some people never know when to leave thing the way they be . Charles smile . int . maitland house - day SOUND of sweeping -- camera ease up -- Barbara be sweeping . Adam work on he model . adam what time be it ? barbara 3:30 I guess . adam give or take a year . Barbara smile . the kitchen door slam . Barbara look up at Adam . they smile . adam do you get the paint ? lydia' voice I get it . and I take picture of the new church for you , too . barbara how would you do on the science test ? on lydia lydia ( hang she head ) it be gross . they want I to dissect a frog . I tell they no way . I say it be against my religion . I get a C . Adam frown a little . barbara how do you do on the math test ? lydia look down coyly . adam we study all day yesterday . do not tell I ... lydia I get a a! they grin with pride . lydia ( continue ) so can I ? adam ( shaking he head ) uh-uh . only if you get above a C on science . lydia oh , go on ... barbara oh , Adam , do not tease she . you never get a a in science in you life ! adam all right . on lydia -- she put down she book . loosen she collar , ruffle she hair and wait . adam ( continue ) okay . lydia look down . lydia begin to levitate . she lift she head and leave the white bread world behind ! in a voice as deep and soulful as percy sledge : lydia " when a man love a woman . he can not keep he mind on nothin ' else . " behind she ghostly image of the football player appear as back -up . footballers oooooo . hummm oooooo . lydia he would change the world for the good thing he 's find . when a main need a woman , he cai not keep he mind on nothin ' else . if she 's bad , he will not see it , she can do no wrong . music continue over : angle a great pile of sand with the whorehouse in the middle . a irritate betelgeuse crawl out on the roof . hating the sing he shake he fist at the sky -- lose he foot and tumble into the sand . terrify , he scramble to get out . on pile a move coil under the sand send he scurrying inside again . the sandworm snapping right behind he as he run back out on the roof . angle camera tilt up to see house . it be the perfect , New England house . camera pull back from the model -- out the window of the real house . outside the real house -- we see it be dilapidate , and undeniably , the perfect haunt house . fade out .