C ) C ) cy before and after a Movie for Television by Hindi brook the konigsberg company registered wgaw C ) C ) cc ) before and after act one fade in : int . patty' live room - night 1 a small , mod apartment ( high -rise , city light , etc . ) . we be at a party : with - it people in cocktail clothes , most of they slender , the woman play up body . liquor , dish of nut , pretzel , candy on every table . under the title and STAR cast credit : the hostess , patty , very thin and sexy , refill drink , serve rich hor d'oeuvre to the guest who be in - volve in a game of charade . most guest take some - thing , a few refuse . phil , very macho , act out the book title : " looking out for # 1 . " ad lib of ... " seek , " " search , " " look " ... " look , look " ... etc , during that we become aware of certain of the guest : marge , rather rolly - polly , tire of the game , take hor d'oeuvre tray to help Patty . marge let I help , Patty . patty oh , thanks , marge . marge eat a few as she pass they around . jack , mid-thirty , slim , nice - look , just beginning to bald , be more interested in the very young redhead beside he than in the game -- and she in he . on Jack 's other side , vicky , Jack 's wife , quite overweight , wear a too-tight pantsuit , but very atractive and vivacious , steal a disapprove look at Jack , and then turn back to the game . phil be now point to he - self and gesture " 1 . " title end . vicky " look out for number 1 ! 's ad lib applause and agreement . Patty hand a hor d'oeuvre tray to phil , as she kiss he . patty brilliant , phil , darling . now you can be host again . during that , vicky polish off a handful of nut , and get up to be next . she take the fold paper that 's hand to she , read it . ( continued ) C ) C ) @ ) continued : vicky oh , no ! oh , come on ! this sound like something my husband would dream up . ( to Jack ) Jack , do you ? Jack glance at she , shake he head , no , and go back to the redhead . vicky watch until : marge come on , vicky , start . ad lib urging , and vicky gesture that she 's start . she make the proper gesture for ad libbed reaction : " Book title 's ... " five word " ... " non-fiction " ... " com - plete title " ... vicky begin to run in place . ad lib : " hurry " ... " chase " ... " race " ... vicky gesture " keep try " ... as she run toward Jack , run in place in front of he , until -- jack ( turn toward she ) run ? she gesture " yes , " and to keep try ... and run harder -- as Jack turn back to the redhead . vicky note that , disapprove , and then be draw back to the game . ad lib : '' run , Spot , run ? " ... " maybe it 's not run , " etc. , as Patty and marge pass food trays and phil refill wine glass . he pour for a paunchy man . paunchy man I hope it 's dry wine . dry have less calory . phil drink up . you can fast tomorrow . Patty , turn to the game : patty " run for you life 's ? vicky gesture no , try again ... and run harder , really lift she leg , and racing hard in place . she ges - ture a full circle with she arm . another angle we be behind she as : ( continued ) '' c ) C ) continued : marge I have get it , I have get it ! ' the complete Book of running ' ! applause . vicky take a deep , thankful bow and -- she pants split -- in full view of that behind she . there 's a awkward silence as that who do not see it react to that who do . vicky stand , freeze for a moment . Jack be embarrassed , turn away from the red - ~ head . and then . vicky grin widely ( a facade ) , turn so everyone can see the rip pants , and throw she hand up in a champion 's gesture . vicky the winner and new champion , vicky matthews ! the room erupt into applause and laughter . Jack be - lax , and turn he attention back to the redhead . int . patty' bedroom - night a glamorous bedroom , with one corner use as a sewing room -- material and supplies neatly stashed in cubbyhole over a sewing machine , with a slender form wear a half - finish disco dress stand next to it . vicky be ease out of the tear pants , as Patty go through she clothes in the closet . she take out various item , a dress , a pair of pants , a robe , all sexy , all too small for vicky , as -- vicky why do you invite the redhead ? patty I do not . phil do . vicky so why do not she hit on phil ? patty she like husband better . than boyfriend . how about this ? show vicky a filmy robe . vicky oh , sure ! Patty , none of that be go to fit I . ( continued ) '' c ) C ) 3 continued : vicky wrap the tear pants around herself , and go to the sewing machine . vicky ( continue ) why do not you make yourself a caftan ? patty I do not like they . they camouflage everything . vicky ( patting she hip ) yeah ... everything . she go through the pile of neatly fold material . patty phil like I in tight , revealing clothes . vicky everything I have be tight , and revealing . of course , none of it start out that way . opick up a piece of material with a loud , splashy print ) hey , how about . patty vicky ! that 's for my new couch cover . vicky perfect for I . the live room music be playing now , and people stand around talk - ing , eat , as vicky appear in a " sari " make of the bright , splashy print . vicky ta-da ! vicky hold a model 's pose -- get applause and laugh - ter from that around she ... and a glare from Jack . then he turn back to the redhead . ( continued ) '' continued : vicky see that , the smile drop and she move to the hor d'oeuvre table . marge be there , relishing the pastry . marge the cream puff be great . vicky nod and take one -- and a drink in she other hand -- all with a " I will show you " determination . int . jack oldsmobile - night Jack drive a large oldsmobile sedan , and vicky , still in the sari , sit beside he . both be angry . the car radio counterpoint with romantic music . vicky IL think I look very ... exotic . jack you look like you could not find anything big enough in Patty 's closet . vicky ( comically ) poor girl be just skin and bone . they ride a moment , silently . the music end , and a commercial come on : a.jingle advertising a well - know candy . vicky flick off the radio . vicky ( continue ; digging ) and you do not like you woman bony . you like they pop out of they clothes . she make a simpery , sexy gesture . jack all right , vicky -- vicky ( imitate he ) all I do be talk to the girl . jack ( exactly the same way ) all I do be talk -- ( more ) ( continued ) cc ) C ) 5 continued : jack ( cont 'd ) ( a take , realize ) she 's a nice girl . vicky if you happen to like sexy look broad . jack I marry a sexy look broad . he look at she accusingly . vicky flinch under it , look for a retort , then -- vicky well ... well ... I marry a guy with hair on he head . Jack 's hand go automatically to he head to cover a thin spot . ext . the matthews house - night a suburban , upper-middle class house . a vintage Ford coupe be park to one side of the driveway , almost block the other side . the oldsmobile pull in off the street , have to angle around the Ford , go onto the grass , before it can get to the garage . jack ( 0.s. ) you mother do not move she car . do not you tell she ? vicky ( 0.s. ) I tell she . the garage door open automatically , revealing a late model chevy wagon , park behind the Ford . the old pull into the garage next to it . int . the matthews live room - night vicky and Jack have just come in . vicky be still hold - ing the rip pants . helen , vicky 's mother , be maternal and very slender . she reach for she coat , purse and knitting and look vicky over at the same time . helen you do not go to a costume party . ( more ) ( continued ) ( ) cc ) 7 continued : helen ( cont 'd ) how come you come home from one ? vicky hold the pants up for helen to see . and then she mouth with helen -- helen ( continue ) I tell you the pants be too tight . vicky I know you do , Mom . thanks for sit . ( head for the bedroom ) kid give you any trouble ? helen they never give I trouble . helen look at Jack . helen ( continue ; gesture a fat body do something with she . jack I be try , helen . int . master bedroom - night Im addition to the usual bedroom furnishings , a exer - cycle stand in one corner . vicky come into the room , go to she dress table , open a bottom drawer and push thing around until she find a hide candy bar . she start to unwrap it , but the SOUND of the door open stop she . she drop the candy bar back into the drawer , and push it close , as Jack come in . he stand just inside the doorway , look at she , and vicky see he reflection in the mirror . they be both uncomfortable , turn away . then -- vicky . I be sorry ... jack so be I ... ( continued ) '' ( ) cc ) continued : she hold up a thumb toward he -- a private symbol they have . Jack hold he up -- as if to press the thumb together -- but they be still across the room from each other . vicky Friends ? a beat ... and they move toward each other ... just close enough to press thumb together . jack Friends . but the aura of the quarrel be still there -- they drop they hand , and do not know what to do next . Jack look over the sari ... try for a grin . jack ( continue ) you know ... you do look pretty sexy in that thing . vicky grin , then in a comical , but sexy way , she hand he a end of the sari , and they dance around each other as he unwrap it , while they hum some torchy song . then they go into each other 's arm . they kiss , begin to touch each other , run they hand over each other . Jack 's hand reach vicky 's buttock . he squeeze . jack ( continue ; murmure ) there 's the beautiful bun that split the pants . vicky freeze , and then , furious , she push he away . vicky you buy that pantsuit . I do not . jack you say you like it . vicky I would have like it a size larger . jack you be go to lose weight by the party . ( continued ) c) cc ) 8 continued : ( 2 ) vicky I never say that . you say thac . jack you want that electronic calorie counter , and that exercycle thing . I get they for you . vicky I do not want they . you want they . jack what do you want ? ten cream puff ? vicky they be mostly air . jack vicky , it 's not a joke . you be eat yourself right back to where you be when Danny be bear . why ? vicky ( comical question ) I be hungry ? jack ( cynically paraphrase ) that 's funny , you do not look hungry . vicky that 's not funny ! jack no , it 's not , vicky ! and it get less funny by the pound . vicky glare at he , and suddenly grab a blanket off the bed . Jack , know what 's come , have he hand up ready -- vicky throw the blanket , and he catch it . int . the live room - day Jack be asleep on the couch , he head completely cover by the blanket . lisa , 11 , and danny , 9 , in they pajamas , sneak up to the couch . Danny lift the cover carefully , so they can see who it be . ( continued ) c ) ( ) c ) 10 il 10 . continued : 9 danny ( disappointed ) it 's daddy . lisa that will be a nickel . as they go back to the bedroom -- danny Bet a dime the fight be about Mom eat too much . and they be go . Jack wake up , get he bearing , realize where he be and why . he get up , stretch , and drop to the floor to do pushup . int . master bedroom - day 10 vicky wake up , realize she 's alone in the bed -- remember the fight , and pull the cover up again . a beat , she throw off the cover , get up , turn on the exercycle but do not get on it , and march past it to the adjoin bathroom . we see she through the open door as she step on the scale -- and groan . int . kitchen - day 1l a cake and cookie be in cover container on the counter , sugare cereal be see in open cupboard . the table be set for a fancy breakfast for four . Lisa put the flower centerpiece in the middle , where three container of syrup already stand along with jam and powder sugar . Jack set down a tray of hot pancake . and Danny lead vicky in . they be all dress for the day , but vicky be half asleep and in she robe . jack ( warily ) good morning . lisa we make breakfast . vicky I be not hungry . lisa aw , Mom ... daddy say we be all go to eat together . ( continued ) '' il 12 11 . continued : 11 danny like we do every time you have a fight . vicky ... I will just have coffee . she sit down , and Jack pour coffee for she . she avoid Jack 's eager look and sip at the coffee . another angle - a few minute later 12 Danny and Jack be just finish they breakfast . Lisa be poke at hers , half of it be still on the plate . should we go out and let you talk now , like after all the fight ? jack yes . Danny and Lisa get up as ~- lisa be you drive , daddy , like after all the -- jack Lisa , knock it off . Lisa shrug , and start out after Danny . vicky you do not finish you breakfast . lisa I be not hungry . and she go . vicky and Jack be alone . she 's stare into she coffee ... Jack look at she ... then -- jack Friends ? he hold up he thumb ... a beat ... and vicky press hers against it . vicky Friends . ( continued ) ( 12 . 12 continued : 12 she pull she hand away , use both hand to hold the coffee cup , and look away from he again . jack ... you want to meet I downtown and we will go out to dinner ? vicky why be the peace offer food ? I think you want I to diet . jack well ... you will not let I buy you clothes ... Flowers ! I will buy you flower . vicky I have get a garden full of flower . jack what do you want ? vicky to wake up tomorrow a size 9 . jack then go to Dr. haymer ... he do it for you before . vicky yeah , when I be a kid , and a teenager , and after each baby . he 's a lousy doctor . the disease keep come back ... worse every time . jack ( take she hand ) but in between , vick , when you get thin ... you be gorgeous when we get marry . . ( move in closer ) you can look like that again . he lean over to kiss she -- just as Lisa come in . lisa we be ready , daddy . jack Lisa , you have get lousy timing . ( continued ) ( ( ) 12 13 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 lisa sorry . and she go . but she 's break the mood . Jack get up . jack go to he , vicky ... you can be the sexiest , most beautiful woman in the world . _ he blow she a kiss , and go . vicky reach up and grab it , and mutter to herself . vicky would it be okay if I be only the second most beautiful ? she sit a moment , think . we hear the front door close . without think , vicky pick up the remain cold pancake from Lisa 's plate and begin to eat it . int . dr . haymer' office - closeup - a medical poster 13 of a normal heart and a heart cover with fat . stay on that as : dr . haymer ( 0.s. ) a candy bar be 250 calory , a piece of pie be 300 , a serve of peanut , 400 . widen the shot to include vicky in dr . haymer 's office , sit across the desk from the doctor , a old femily friend . dr . haymer ( continue ) calory be energy . if you do not use up the energy , it gtore itself in you body as at . vicky and 3500 calory of store fat be one pound of body weight . I know all that , Dr. haymer . dr . haymer I know you know it . so why do you buy that stuff ? ( continued ) ao _ C ) c ) 13 14 14 , continued : 13 vicky I do not . I get it for the kid . dr . haymer who eat they leftover ? vicky ( a beat , grin ) oh ... leftover ... dr . haymer ( hand she a print sheet ) vicky , go on a diet . vicky ( look at the form and put it down ) I go on this diet . dr . haymer go where ? off of it ? int , supermarket - day 14 busy -- woman and man of all size , fill cart with food -- junk , health , lot of both . above they head , advertising banner offer a cornucopia of goody -- dessert , starch , dietetic product , ete. , etc. over all this : vicky ( v.0 . ) maybe it 's my gland . we push down a aisle , diet food on one side , gourmet bakery on the other , and find vicky and marge shopping . vicky look at the display of diet supplement with a before and after picture of a woman in profile , then join marge pick out baked goods as : dr . haymer ( v.0 . ) it 's not gland . it 's food . too much food . the wrong kind of food . vicky , it 's poison , it will kill you . vicky ( v.0 . ) so let I go back on that appetite depresent -- that amphetamine . ( continued ) ) q ( ) ( 14 15 15 . continued : 14 dr . haymer ( v.0 . ) no , you get crazy on amphetamine . vicky and marge be near a slim demonstrator , offer tidbit of a rich cake . they stop to taste as : vicky so I ask he if I should take some test or see a endocrinologist or something . marge what would he say ? marge take two more sample , give one to vicky and they move on , past a huge man shove can of diet food into he cart , as : vicky ( imitate haymer ) if you want to spend you money , spend you money . but go on a diet . ( look at cake in she hand ) I ea not start a diet in the middle of a day . : they round the corner to the candy aisle as : vicky ( continue ) there ought to be a magic wand . a touch and the fat just melt off . . marge or a touch and no one care . ext . the supermarket - day 15 vicky and marge roll they overfil cart out of the store , past the drugstore where a window display ad - vertise diet pill , and to vicky 's station wagon as : marge ( v.0 . ) do you know they use to sell capsule of worm that would eat you fat from inside ? yuch . vicky ( v.0 . ) marge , we have to do something about ourselves ! ( continued ) 16 . 15 continued : 15 marge ( v.0 . ) why ? what 's wrong with we ? > ) 16 ext . a neighborhood STREET - day 16 on a street of small store , we briefly notice a bill - board advertising ice cream -- a bikiny girl eat a cone ... and then focus on vicky 's station wagon , load with grocery , and marge as passenger . vicky ( v.0 . ) would not you like to look like Patty ? marge ( v.0 . ) do - you ever see how Patty eat ? the station wagon turn a corner and pull up into the line of car double - park . in front of a elementary school . mostly mother , a few father , sit at they wheel wait . vicky ( v.0 . ) yeah , she do not . C ) 17 int . / ext . the station wagon 17 vicky and marge be share a bag of doughnut as : marge what a lousy way to live . vicky why ? Patty 's get it make ... a great job , a macho live - in boyfriend , the same figure she have when she be eighteen . you know what I have ? a 24 hour job -- be a may to two kid , a house , and a husband who 's look for girl with figure like I have at eighteen . marge you know what I have ? I like myself . which be more than either of you have . school . immediately , a cacaphony of horn be heard -- -_ the school bell ring and the child burst out of the ~ parent summoning they kid . ( continued ) q ) 17 18 19 17 . continued : 17 the kid look about , confuse . Danny seek out vicky 's car from the school door , then see it , make a beeline for the car . he dive into the back seat and lie down . we be vaguely aware of another boy , he age , Jeff , watch . danny let 's go . vicky mind if we wait for Lisa and Peggy ? Jeff saunter to the car , and Danny cringe away from he . Jeff grin at Danny , look at vicky , then back at Danny . he puff he cheek out , comically grotesque , and as Danny lean out the window , Jeff waddle away . danny ( call after Jeff ) creep ! marge what 's all that about ? Danny do not answer . Lisa and marge 's daughter , Peggy , appear at the school door , stop to talk to other . Danny lean over the front seat , and hit the horn . int . dr . rollins ' office door - day 18 we be close on the door on which be print : dr . eugenia rollins / endocrinologist . a overweight man open the door to go in , and we follow to : int . dr . rollins ' waiting room - day 19 the wall display chart and medical textbook picture of weight related subject : body type , good and bad food , slogan , etc . Men , woman and child , most of they overweight , studiously avoid speak to each other . vicky be as quiet as the rest , flipping through a medical journal , but actually study that around she . a nurse open the inside door . nurse Mrs. matthews . and vicky go inside . ) 18 . 20 int . dr . rollins ' office - day 20 dr . rollins be a small compact woman . she 's business ~ - like , and yet gentle , as : C C ) ) dr . rollins over half the people in this country weigh more than they should . and they spend 10 billion dollar every year on fad diet , gadget , pill , book , clinic . all they really need be to eat fewer calory . vicky but , sometimes be not it something the body be do wrong ? dr . rollins very , very few case be due to body irregularity . vicky but my test ... do not they show anything ? dr . rollins you blood pressure be 130 over 95 , it could be lower , but it 's normal , you sugar level be 120 . 100 be better , but it 's normal . but if you gain more weight , that figure could change -- drastically . vicky what about my gland ? dr . rollins sorry . the only thing you can blame be you fatty cell . vicky ( a reprieve , she think ) yeah ? dr . rollins we be all bear with a certain amount of fatty cell . there be two time in we life when they multiply . if we be fat as toddler , or in we late teens . ( continued ) ( c ) c ) 20 continued : she show 19 , 20 vicky ( sink ) guilty . dr . rollins once they be there , they stay there . vicky the chart -- two sketches of fatty cell -- the sketch of the empty cell be small , the one with the fill cell be large , but both contain the same number of cell . she shrug dr . rollins ( continue ) you see , if you keep they empty , they stay small , and you stay slim . but if - you fill they up ... vicky ( really shake now ) what can I do ? dr . rollins take care of yourself . vicky I be too busy take care of everyone else . dr . rollins {takes a diet sheet from drawer , the same one Dr. haymer give vicky ) you have time to go on a thousand calorie diet . and do aerobic exercise -- jog , swim , bike , jump rope . that will change you metabolism and burn the calory off faster ... but most important , vicky . get at the source . why ? vicky ( this be the nitty gritty , she 's upset ) I do not know why . ( continued ) o~ — C ) v ) 20 21 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 dr . rollins find out . I be no psychologist , but I know people usually overeat for emotional reason . because they be unhappy , or to make up for something else they be lack . vicky or maybe it 's just a vice , like drink or drug ... only it show more . dr . rollins then get rid of it . try a group . Weight watcher or overeater anonymous or calorie counter . vicky look more and more overwhelm . int . the matthews dine room - day 21 it 's early evening . Jack and Lisa be work on the dining room table . Lisa , on homework ; Jack , pay - ing bill . the room be adjacent to the kitchen , so that at some angle we can see vicky in there , make dinner . the counter be fill with rich for tonight -- mashed potato , sauce , a cake . vicky be prepar - ing garlic toast , wet a finger to pick up 4 erumb , and eat it as : jack so join one of they . vicky you know what they cost ? jack whatever . i'11 pay . vicky you be still grumble about pay for the gym . jack $ 300 a year for four year ! and you never use it ! vicky ( come to the door ) I never want it ! ( more ) ( continued ) 21 41 , continued : 21 vicky ( cont 'd ) it be one of you . ' helpful ' hint ! like that damned exercycle in the bedroom . jack and you never use that either ! lisa . be you go to fight ? Lisa -- tack isa bye ... lis she gather she book quickly and go , as -- vicky I do not want to fight with you , Jack , jack I know . you want a magic wand . vicky ( try to be funny ) you think if they could go to the moon -- jack vicky . go to a diet club . a beat , vicky shrug and go back into the kitchen . vicky I be not a joiner . Jack follow she , and we follow . vicky ( continue ) you want roquefort on the salad ? jack vicky , go somewhere ... before you turn into a mack truck ! vicky freeze . and Jack could bite he tongue -- jack ( continue ) I be sorry . but vicky be take off she apron . ( continued ) ( ) 21 22 23 22. continued : ( 2 ) 21 jack ( continue ) where be you go ? vicky somewhere ! as order ! she throw the apron at he and march into the din - ing room . Jack follow , and we follow . jack ~ what about dinner ? new angle 22 as Lisa appear , play the " sweet child . " lisa I will make it , daddy . vicky hear that , grow even more angry , as she march into she bedroom and slam the door . CUT sharply to : int . the gym - late afternoon 23 the gym be fill with man and woman in sweatsuit , a few with weight belt , some of the really svelte woman be in leotard , and all the heavy people be sweat profusely . they follow the male instructor through a rigorous exercise , bounce in place in a jogging - like movement , to record music , and keep up with vary - ing degree of success , as we pan : vicky ( 0.s. ) ( imitate Lisa ) I will make it , daddy ... the fink . patty ( 0.s. ) let she . let they all take turn cooking , and let Jack do the chauffeur , baby sit a couple of night so you can get out . and now we be on vicky and Patty , next to each other . Patty be gorgeous in she leotard , and do she exer - cise with ease . vicky , in a sweatsuit , be barely mov - ing through it , breathe heavily . ( continued ) ~~ ~ 7 ) 23 23. continued : 23 patty ( continue ; cynically ) you do not have to be the sweet , self - sacrifice housewife every minute of the day . vicky yes , I do ... Jack 's entitle to a good housewife or a good-look . wife . TI have to be at least one of then . she stop for a breath , as the rest of the class keep go . patty what about what you be entitle to ? vicky ( try the exercise again ) I have get it . patty what ? vicky kid , husband , home ... ' patty be it what you want ? New exercise -- harder -- sit-up -- and vicky can only get she head and shoulder off the floor . she hesi - tate , then nod , yes . patty ( continue ) be you ever go back to work ? you be a damned good advertising artist . vicky that be 12 year ago . the think depress she . the class be get into shoulder stand for bicycling . Patty get into it easily . ( continued ) ) 23 24 25 26 24 , continued : ( 2 ) 23 patty you go to just sit there ? vicky try it -- once , twice ... a third time . she roll over , too far , and do a clumsy backward somer - sault . and then lie there , defeat . vicky oh , the hell with it . ext . the gym ~ night 24 the SOUND of exercise music be still heard , as vicky , wear out , almost limp out of the gym . as she turn toward the parking lot to one side , we widen the shot to include the store between the gym and the parking lot -- a ice cream shop . vicky get just past it , hesitates , look at the store , hungrily . int . the ice cream store - night 25 picture of luscious ice cream combination line the wall . vicky , wedge into a half - armed student chair , about to attack a large sundae complete with trimming , scoops up the cherry , and when it 's halfway to she mouth -- angle - including joyce 26 a jolly , very overweight woman in she mid-30's , sit at right angle to vicky . vicky see she when she lift she head to eat the cherry . vicky hesitates -- it 's as if she 's see a mirror image of herself -- and she do not like it . Joyce look up -- they eye catch , and they be embarrassed . they have be catch in the act . finally -- joyce do not eat the cherry . Red dye number two , it 's bad for you . a beat -- and they both laugh . vicky shrug a " what the hell " and dig in . they go on eat as : vicky you live around here ? joyce of course not . I would not eat ice cream where people know I . they might think I be fat . ( continued ) c) 25 . 26 continued : 26 they go on eat . Joyce finish , struggle to get out of the chair , start to leave , then stop for : joyce ( continue ) my name be Joyce and I be a compulsive overeater . that 's how we say it at 0.a . vicky you belong to overeater anonymous ? joyce do , also Weight watcher , calorie counter and top . and as you can see , I gain a great deal from all of they . vicky grin , laugh , and in a moment , they be both giggle uncontrollably . 27 ext . the STREET outside the ice cream store - night 27 vicky and Joyce leave the store together , as if they be great , old friend , and walk toward the parking lot . vicky then there be only three leave , and I could not serve that to six woman , so -- joyce you polished they off , and go to the store for more . vicky yeah . I be so sick the next day -- joyce do it stop you from eat ? vicky do not need to answer ... they walk a minute , then -- vicky the doctor say I should figure out why ... and I think of a million reason ... all phony . ( continued ) od ) od ) 26 . 27 continued : 27 joyce I know why I eat ... it 's the only pleasure I have . they have reach Joyce 's car . joyce ( continue ) well ... bon appetit . she start get into the car , and vicky reach out impulsively to stop she . vicky Joyce , can I call you ? joyce for the next ice cream sundae ? vicky or the next confessional , which ever come first . Joyce dig into she purse for pencil or paper , as -- joyce you will never use this . vicky probably not . she take the slip of paper with Joyce 's phone number on it , and Joyce get into the car . vicky watch as she drive off , then look at the phone number , put it into she purse , and start toward she own car . 28 int . matthews live room - night 28 Lisa sit in front of the tv eat popcorn , and watch a old " Lucy " or ? rerun -- a funny dinner scene . but she 's turn to what Jack and vicky be say . vicky have just come in , and Jack be lead she toward Danny 's room , as -- jack he would not tell I . he just run into he room and slam the door . but you should have see he . ( continued ) c) c ) c ) 28 29 27 , continued : 28 lisa he look terrible . jack of all the night for you not to be here . vicky go to Danny 's door and knock . vicky Danny ? danny ( 0.s. ) go away ! int . danny's room - night 29 Danny be in he pajamas , and huddle into the bed , with he back to vicky . she pick up he shirt from the floor , notice the rip , dirt and blood on it , and go with it to the bed . she sit down and turn he toward she . Danny have make a childish , unsuccess ~ ful attempt to clean he face , but the dirt , and remnant of a bloody nose be still see . vicky ... how 's the other guy ? danny I barely touch he ... he 's get the longest arm ! vicky who ? * danny Jeff hauser ! he do not mean to tell she . he turn away , and push down into the cover . vicky the creep ? danny I will get he back ... vicky for what ? ( continued ) c) c ) yd 29 28 . continued : 29 danny for ... for give I a bloody nose , and tear my shirt and -- vicky for what , Danny ? a beat ... and Danny have to let it out -- on a sob . danny he say you have to go through door sideways ... he say ... boy be I lucky , I do not have a mother , I have a elephant ... he say ... and he can not talk any more , he 's sobbing too hard . vicky hold back she own tear ... but the pain be obvious . vicky hold she arm out to he , and Danny go into they . she hold he , rock he ... as he sob and she bite at she lip . fade out . end of act one >) c ) 30 2. act two fade in : int . restaurant - day 30 a busy place ; waiter carry trays heape with rich food , pastry cart stand wait , menus be huge . basket pile high with homemade roll be on every table . a fashion model in a flow , long gown pose for the woman at one table , and a slender luncher , watch , reject a basket of hot biscuit / roll offer by a waiter . we follow the model toward another table , where someone lather a roll with butter ... and then move past that toward another table where vicky and marge be finish they lunch . vicky 's eat a tuna salad , and marge , a club sandwich with french fries . a waitress refill they coffee cup . waitress oh , do not you get roll ? vicky yes , but I do not want -- but the waitress be go . marge start to ladle sugar into she coffee , as vicky squeeze some lemon onto she salad and pick up what she 's be say : vicky ( continue ) I do not know what to say to Danny . ' I be not fat ? ' ' it 's okay that I be fat ? ' ' Jeff 's a stinking brat and you should beat he up '?... which be what T want to say . marge , why do not you use artificial sweetener in you coffee ? marge that stuff kill rat . two man take the table behind vicky ; the one back to back with she , push he chair quite close in order to sit down . the waitress appear with two basket of roll , put one on the man 's table , and one on icky 's . waitress there you be . she leave . vicky put the basket on a adjacent , empty table -- where the first basket of umeaten roll sit , as marge grab one . ( continued ) c) ( ) L ) 30 . 30 continued : 30 marge what you should have say be , " poor Jeff , he try to cuddle with he mother and he hit rib bone . you have get it make , kid . ' the model approach they table , open she gown to reveal a match bikini . model ( recite ) go from beach to beach party and make out of import silk , the ensemble come in blue , gold and green , size six to twelve , and sell for $ 57.95 . marge what do you have in a size 20 ? model I be sorry . both shrug . the model leave and marge reach for another roll . as she butter it : vicky that 's 120 calory each and you be on you third . marge vicky , I do not go on pill with you , and I do not go on shot with you , and I be not go on 1000 calory with you either . so , let I enjoy this . they eat silently , then : vicky do you know what I weigh ? marge no , and I do not want to . vicky do not worry , I would not tell you . the waitress return and pick up they plate . waitress there 's dessert with the salad . Peach cobbler . ( continued ) 31 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 ~ vicky ~ do you have any fresh fruit ? waitress sorry , no substituon . vicky I will skip it . : marge she will take it and I will have one , too -- with chocolate ice cream . vicky I do not want ... but the waitress have go . marge you can start you diet tomorrow . the cobbler here be really great . vicky I have already start and I be not o~ go to let you ruin it for I . ww / marge then I will eat both cobbler . they be pretty small anyway . vicky no ! no , I will eat it , I know I will . vicky get up . vicky ( continue ) if I be here when the cobbler arrive , I will eat it . marge where be you go ? vicky to make a phone call . I will meet you up front . vicky try to move from the table but be stick because the man behind she be so close . he 's involved in con - oo versation and be oblivious to she struggle until : vicky ~ ( continue ) could you move ... just a inch ? ( continued ) 3 c 314 . continued : ( 2a ) 30 the man shift he chair closer to he table , while give vicky a amused once -over . vicky catch it , be embarrassed , and cover with : vicky ( continue ; to the man ) better not eat the roll . you be get paunchy . and she go , hearing the man laugh behind she . we track vicky through the restaurant ... and the eat , and the pile of food , and the waiter serve -- and vicky try not to look at pass goody . she go to the coin telephone on the wall near the cashier . she get Joyce 's number from she purse , dial , and get a busy signal . ( continued ) cc ) ) C ) 30 31 32 32 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 she hang up , turn to watch marge , now eat the cobbler a la mode , turn away ; notice after-dinner mint on the cashier 's counter , take one , almost eat it , put it back , and dial again . busy . and she 's get very upset . int . joyce's den - day 31 it 's a office , with a large desk , cover with papers -- note , invoice , mail , etc . Joyce {wear - ing a ratty old muu-muu ) lean back in the tilting swivel chair , in a sexy , come - on way , as she talk into the phone ... and nibble on nut from a bowl on the desk . joyce well , I be wear a sheer black negligee ... because I know I be call you ... now ?... in the middie of the day ?... no , come on , Max , do not be silly ... I do not call you for that , I call you to tell you that we be have a special on number 20 bond paper ... just for you , $ 3.95 a ream ... well , why do not you place you order , and I will ask my boss if I can make the delivery in person . she begin to write the order . int . restaurant - vicky on phone 32 she dial again , this time the phone be free . a waiter carry two huge banana split past she , and she watch , as : vicky ( into the phone ) hello , be this Joyce ?... from the ice cream store , and no maraschino cherries ?... yeah , vicky ... oh , I be fine -- no , I be not ... I just have lunch -- ( shrug ) no , I do not have dessert . ( ) ( ) v ) 33 33 . int . joyce's kitchen - day 33 it 's like a page out of House beautiful . everything Joyce can not put on she body , she put into she home . she set out dish of ice cream for herself and vicky , who look at it , worriedly . joyce it 's dietetic . no sugar , no salt , and they do not say how many calory . as they eat : vicky marge say she 's the only one who 's really happy , because she accept who she be , and enjoy it , and she 's right . Patty 's get it all , but she be not enjoy it .. I have get everything Patty do not have . and I be miserable . joyce I have nothing . no husband , no kid , and a lousy job . and I be fatter than all of you . vicky what do you ' want , Joyce ? joyce husband , kid , and no job . what about you ? vicky I do not know ... I use to do advertising art . Patty say I should go back to it . joyce be that what you want ? vicky - I would have to take some class first . joyce so take some class . vicky I would have to lose weight first . joyce ( understanding ) Big lady wrap around a little paint brush ? ( continued ) 33 34 oo . continued : 33 vicky I would look ridiculous . joyce so go to Jack La lanne . vicky I be think ... calorie counter ? will you go with I ? they both think about it , as they scrape all the ice eream off they plate and eat it . int . master bedroom - evening 34 vicky have on a bulky dress and some junk jewelry -- necklace and bracelet . she be edgy as she check herself in the mirror and do not realize Jack be take a picture until the flash of he Polaroid go off , vicky what be you do ? jack that 's the ' before ' picture . when you get down , I will take the ' after . ' and vicky be more edgy . vicky do I tell you it 's $ 10 for the first time for registration ? after that , $ 5 a week ? jack you tell I , and I will pay it . vicky go into the bathroom . we see she through the open doorway . she get on the scale and take off the jewelry , as : vicky you have to pay the $ 5 even the week I do not go . jack you already plan which week you will not go ? ( continued ) ( ) c ) 34 35 35 . continued : 34 vicky I be try to be realistic . the dress feel too heavy , she take it off , and step on the scale again -- then in she slip , she come back into the bedroom to test the weight of other dress in the closet , as : jack forget realistic . lose weight . a beat . vicky look at herself in the mirror . vicky Jack ... what do you see when you look at I ? jack you try to get out of go ? : vicky I be not ask you to go to bed with I ... I want to know how you feel about I . jack I feel ... honest ? vicky honest . jack I feel ... betrayed ... a beat . he walk out , and vicky look at herself , wonder . int . a church social hall - evening 35 under a beautifully - lettere slogan , " God will pro - vide be a crudely homemade one on paper , '' but not too well , please ! " and under that ' calorie counter . " the room be fill with people -- come in , chat , stand in line to check in , and in another line to get weigh . Joyce and vicky , wear a lightweight sleeveless dress , reach the front of the check - in line , and be greet by sandra , tightly girdle into a fairly nice figure . the check - in counter top be cover with pamphlet and diet recipe . ( continued ) 35 ~~ 7 ] o~ with 36 on ~~ 36 . continued : 35 sandra ( effusively ) oh , Joyce , I be so glad you come back ! joyce I do not come back . I be drag back . this be my friend , vicky , she want to join . sandra ( same tone as before ) oh , vicky , I be so glad you want to join ! BEN approach . he 's 40ish , 25 pound overweight , a smile , likeable man . BEN ( to Joyce ) could not stay away from I , could you ? joyce Ben ! I think you would be skinny by now . BEN I be ... for about ten minute . angle - the weigh -in line 36 Joyce , vicky and Ben be now together in line , in that order . a woman , betty , 60 pound overweight , be in front of Joyce . they move up slowly as : BEN I be give it one more chance . after that , I will start save up for a by-pass . joyce ( to vicky ) Ben 's doctor think the weight cause he heart attack . vicky look at he , shocked . , BEN actually , I be not overweight . my chest just slip a little . ( continued ) ) ( '' 36 37 37 . continued : 36 it 's Joyce 's turn . she step around the free-stand - ing blackboard use as a divider , and get onto the scale , which be hide from that in line -- but not from we . as she hand she card to the clerk : joyce Close you eye , this be suppose to be private . angle - the group 37 be now almost seat . as the last people take seat , the lecturer , brad , 30ish , very slender , and dress ultra-mod ( with shirt open to the belt line , chain around he neck , etc. ) , lead the group , sing , as we pick out vicky , Joyce and Ben sit toward the back . vicky be read the song off a leaflet , but Ben and Joyce know it , and sing along with less gusto than most around they . several people wear half - mask of pig ' face . Joyce and Ben hold they mask on they lap . all ( to the tune of '' Home on the Range " ) oh , give we a shape , and do not let we escape to the land where the fat use to be . oh , let we get thin because thin 's always in . and to happiness it be the key . everyone applaud , then : brad good evening . I be Brad . all ( in chorus ) good evening , Brad . brad my name use to be Irving . when I weigh 235 pound . but I look more like a Brad now , would not you say ? the audience applaud and ad- lib approval . brad ( continue ) let 's see how we do this week . ( continued ) c ) ( 37 38 . continued : 37 ad-libbed mixture of groans and hurrah , as Brad pick up a pile of card . brad ( continue ) Betty ? Betty stand at she seat for : betty four and a quarter pound ! applause . she sit down . brad Betty 's lose 14 pound in all . it will not be long now ! ad-libbed approval , Brad look at the next card . brad ( continue ) oh-oh . ad-libbed groans of compassion . brad ( continue ) now , you know we do not announce the amount of gain , but we do want to help ... Joyce , what happen , darling ? joyce ( do not stand , comically ) I do not know , I eat like a bird . brad a vulture ? everyone laugh , include Joyce ... but we catch vicky 's face ... she 's mortify . brad ( continue ) where 's you pig mask ? Joyce show it to he and drop it back into she lap . ad lib : " put it on . " ' " you have to wear it , " etc . ( continued ) ( ) c ) C ) 37 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 brad ( continue ) no , let 's stop pick on she . Joyce , we be glad you come back , and we be go to help you ... if it kil ts you . applause and laughter . Brad look at the next card . brad . ( continue ) oh , a new member . vicky ... vicky , where be you ? stand up , sweetheart . vicky half raise a hand . and everyone crane to see where she be . joyce ( aside to vicky ) he will not give up . vicky stand up . brad oh , be not she pretty ?... vicky , we be go to turn you into a beauty queen , be not we ? applause and approval , ad lib , and vicky sit down . Brad look at the next card . BEN ( aside to vicky ) here go . brad Ben , aw , Ben , why ?... you be a baaaad boy . Ben half stand and sit , look sheepish . ad lib be more intent : " put on the mask . " " you have to wear it . " " Pigs have to wear pig mask , " etc ... and we move in close to we trio . vicky be . look at Ben , compassionately , and Joyce look at the grin face around they . joyce ( aside ) let 's get out of here . cc ) -) C ) 38 39 40 . int , the matthews kitchen ~ evening 38 there be cardboard grocery carton on the table , and Jack and the kid be put food from the cupboard and refrigerator into they . Lisa take a box of cookie from the cupboard . lisa what about this cookie ? jack out. danny but we like they . jack so do you mother . lisa ( dump they ) out . danny do that mean I never get to eat junk food again ? jack we will go out once in a while for a treat ... Danny , we want Mom to get slim and beautiful , do not we ? danny ( remember the fight ) yeah ... we sure do ... int . a coffee shop - night 39 poster on the wall depict various goody . vicky , Joyce and Ben be in a booth , drink coffee . Joyce and Ben eat pie . joyce my whole family be fat . they like to eat , and that 's the way they raise I . and I be tired of try to change . : BEN I be gorgeous until I get marry , and my wife start to feed I ... ( more ) ( continued ) of ~ — c ) c ) 39 40 41 . continued : 39 BEN ( cont 'd ) Boy , do she feed I ... it kill she , and it will probably kill I , too . vicky my husband 's slim ... and my kid ... and my mother , especially my mother . Joyce and Ben make understanding sound . joyce ( hand vicky a forkful of she . pie ) here. vicky no ... I do not think so ... this may not last , but right now , I be feel ... strong . do you know this be the first time in year I have order coffee and nothing else ? . joyce not because of calorie counter ? vicky because I do not want to go back to calorie counter . hold on vicky . int . master bedroom - night 40 Jack , still dress , stand in the doorway , watch vicky get ready for bed . vicky it be awful ... the way they embarrassed people ... and that ... that poor man 's burt reynold who run the thing ... jack but , as long as they help you . vicky they help I leave , that 's how they help I . ( continued ) 40 ( ) 42 . continued : 40 jack . you mean ... you walk out on it ? vicky we have to . we could not stand it . jack who , we ? vicky Joyce , and Ben and i. jack who 's Ben ? vicky Joyce 's friend ... he really like she . jack how fat be she ? vicky you know , there be some man who see past fat . she 's in she pajamas now and sit at the dress table , to brush she hair . jack if you leave the meeting early , how come you be home so late ? vicky we go out for coffee . jack ( bitingly sarcastic ) and what ? vicky stop brush , she hand halfway to she head . suddenly , she throw she brush at he . he duck , it miss . then vicky start gather blanket and pillow off the bed . use to that , he put a hand up to catch they . jack ( continue ) ever notice how you always pick this fight at night , so you can throw I out of my bed ! ( continued ) 40 a ' ~~ i 41 ~~ ww 43. continued : ( 2 ) 40 vicky . you pick the fight !... be it so you can get out of my bed ? jack well , why not ? nothing much happen there ! he start for the door . vicky sure ! because you be save yourself for you chick ! Jack , at the door , turn sharply . jack that 's what you think ? that I be sleep around ? vicky be not you ? jack I be sure as hell think about it . he drop the bedding on the floor and step over it to get to the closet . he take out a sweater and go out of the room . a beat , and vicky chase after he . int . the live room - night 41 Jack stride toward the front door , as vicky appear from the bedroom . vicky where be you go ? jack . do you care ? he go out and slam the door . a beat . vicky ( yell to the door ) not one damn bit ! and she stand , try to breathe normally ... look about as if what to do next ... the kid peek from behind a door . ( continued ) 41 42 44 . continued : 41 vicky ( continue ; sharply ) go to bed . the kid disappear . vicky ( continue ; to they door ) no , I do not mean ... she sob , hold it back ... the panic grow ... what to do ... suddenly she bolt toward the kitchen . int . the kitchen - night 42 vicky stand at the refrigerator , stare , infuriate , at two picture that have be tape to it -- the Polaroid shot Jack just take , and one of herself and Jack on they honeymoon -- at a pool , in bathing suit . both young -- he , with a head full of hair , she very slim . she tear the picture down , rip they up , pull open the refrigerator door -- and it 's almost empty . only some vegetable be inside . vicky stare at it ... open mouth , in horror . hold on she . fade out . end of act two ( ) c ) 43 44 45 . act three fade in : ext . the matthews house - day 43 it 's early the next morning . helen 's Ford pull into the driveway ( block both side ) , helen get out , and then take two grocery bag out of the trunk . int . the mattews kitchen - day 44 vicky , in a bathrobe , and helen unpack the bag ... open box of cereal , half a loaf of bread , a cube of butter , a half jar of jam , a open container of milk , danish and doughnut , etc. , as -~ Danny and Lisa , still in they pajamas , race in . lisa danny woe grandma 's here . what do you bring we ? helen ( extend she arm to they ) my poor starve little orphan ! the kid tumble into she arm , for just a moment , and then Danny go to attack the food , as helen guide Lisa to the table , helen ( continue ) come and sit down . grandma will not let you go to school without a good breakfast . vicky Mom , I do not throw the food out . Jack throw it out . danny we help he . vicky you what ? lisa we be help you diet . : helen oh , listen to that angel ! vicky be furious . she go to Lisa and glare at she , ( continued ) 44 on | '' 45 o~ yy 46 , continued : 44 vicky ~ my dieting be none of you business . lisa daddy say -- _ vicky ( really furious , grab Lisa 's shoulder ) if daddy say , ' jump over a cliff , 's would you jump over a cliff ? helen Jack would never tell she to -- vicky what do you precious daddy expect you to eat ... while he 's have a. , , a ... champagne brunch at the .. , the Hilton ? now she 's shaking Lisa , and helen be try to pull they apart , as -- lisa danny I want a champagne how about a Egg brunch , tool McMuffin ? ext . the matthews house - day 45 Danny and Lisa be still finish they breakfast , as helen shepherd they out the door . vicky , still in she robe , watch . the kid climb into helen 's car ( still block both side of the driveway ) as -- helen get dress , and go apologize to _ you husband . vicky for drive I crazy ? helen so sit on you pride , , . alone ... you be just as stubborn as you father be . ( kiss she ) eat some breakfast . you look terrible . ( continued ) ) ) 45 . 46 47 . continued : 45 Jack 's old drive down the street , hesitates at the block driveway , and pull up to the curb . helen poke at vicky . helen ( continue ; aside to vicky ) apologize . and she hurry to the car , Jack get out of he car . he 's have a terrible night , and it show , he start toward helen 's car , and she start the motor . helen 1 ( continue ) hi , Jack ... Goodbye , Jack ... lisa I want to talk to daddy . as helen drive , off , Jack stand near . the curb and vicky at the door , both wave goodbye . then they look at each other . Jack start for the house , vicky go inside and slam the door . Jack hesitates , take a breath for courage , and go to the house . int , kitchen - day 46 vicky clean up the kid 's dish , as Jack dog after she . jack forget the dish . I want to take you out to breakfast . vicky where ? to the alley where you throw the food ? jack I say I be sorry ! ( try to control himself ) I really be , vicky . I be wrong to do that . vicky hesitates , go on work . jack ( continue ) because I know you be try . ( continued ) oo — c ) cc ) 46 47 48 , continued : 46 vicky ( turn on he ) no ! because it 's none of you business ! the word just pop out , but now vicky think about they ... it 's a new idea ... and she have to think it through ... as she continue clean the kitchen Jack plod on -- jack I just want to do something to help ... but I keep do the wrong thing ... buy small clothes be wrong ... and throw out food be wrong ... and tell you you be fat be wrong , , , and tell you you be not fat be wrong ... ( step in front of vicky to make she face he ) vicky , tell I what I should do . vicky nothing ... ( more assure now ) it 's just none of you business . jack vicky ... I be you husband . vicky . yeah ... jack that 's how you feel about it ? yeah ? vicky that 's how I feel about ... everything ... yeah ... she wander out of the kitchen still deep in this new thought . a beat , then Jack follow toi int . the live room - day 47 vicky walk about the room , . automatically straighten pillow , pick up kid ' clothes and toy , etc . Jack follow , as -- ( continued ) '' w~ '' '' 47 48 49 , continued : 47 jack since when ? vicky I do not know ... somewhere between the ranch house and the station wagon ... jack you want they . vicky yeah .... I do , do not I ?... she put some kid ' clothes in Jack 's hand , and bury in she thought , go back to straighten . Jack , try to understand , follow . jack okay , if you do not want they ... what do you want ? vicky I want ... I want.to.. , do something with my life .. , I want to , .. be . somebody ... hold on vicky think . int . art academy office - day 48 the office be small , a chaotic combination of art sup - ply , snack food machine , painting and office mate - rial , two student -- blue jeaned , slender , young , be hang around the snack machine , talk , laugh - ing , eat . boy student you have any upper ? I be ' exhaust . girl student ( as she eat a candy bar ) dexadrine -- they do not help I diet -- but they really keep I awake . she hand he some , and he downs it with can soda , as they walk out , they pass vicky come in , anxiously . she gaze wistfully at they body -- and then they be go -- and vicky be alone with the clerk mike , bearded , blue jeaned and sneaker . ( continued ) 48 c ) continued : vicky , wait , grow more look over he shoulder , vicky 50 . 48 he sit , with he back to she , and type , hunt and peck method , at the moment hesitate and look for a nervous , finally the z be in the lower leave corner . mike you just save my life . vicky Mike look at she , at the typewriter , hit the z , and turn back to vicky . I hope you can do the same for I , mike ( comically serious ) I almost make Eagle scout , vicky that might do it ... be Eric mike ( hand she a entry form ) no. I be Mike . you want to vight ? vicky actually ... re-enroll . mike you have be in school here ? vicky a long -- not too long ago . mike ( take the form away from she ) what 's you name ? vicky Victoria matthews . vicky ( continue ) it be Victoria broner when be here . here ? enroll , Mike open a file drawer and begin to look . I ( continued ) cc ) C ) 48 51 , continued : ( 2 ) 48 Mike close the file drawer and open another . vicky ( continue ) it be ... twelve year ago . Mike close the file drawer , mike what be you , a child prodigy ? he open another drawer , and look for the file , vicky yeah , I come here straight from finger painting 101 . Mike look at she and grin ... and in a moment she grin back . mike funny lady . he find the folder , and look at it as he come back to the desk , disapprove , mike ( continue ) advertise ? before vicky can respond , eric , a grizzly , 70ish , non - conformist come in , overall and paint cover . eric Mike , we be run low on turp -- ( see vicky , study she ) vicky ? be it vicky ? vicky ( leaping into he arm ) oh , Eric ! eric ( to Mike ) Mike , it 's vickyl it 's my darling , funny , sweet vicky ! ( plant a noisy smack on she cheek ) my most brilliant student ! ( continued ) ~~ ~~ 's c ) C ) 48 49 52 , continued : ( 3 ) 48 vicky oh , thank you ! I need that ! she kiss he . eric you meet Mike ? my most brilliant student , but a terrible office clerk . mike hi , vicky . vicky «» bl ... ' they grin ... and vicky begin to relax , she know now -- she 's do the right thing for herself . ext . a park - day 49 we be close on vicky , as she jog . she 's in a sweat suit , soak with perspiration , but we can see she 's lose some weight . widen the shot to include Ben se - veral foot in front of she and Joyce several foot behind . as they approach a street corner , Ben , then vicky , jog in place , wait for a traffic light to change . Joyce catch up , stop to rest , vicky do not stop . jog in place , BEN come on , Joyce -- we be get skinny . Joyce !s look show how much she like he . she start move again . joyce '' if I get skinny , will you marry I ? . BEN I will probably marry you anyway , but skinny would be nice , the light change , and they move ahead -- with Joyce take the lead . 50 ~~ ro a 51 oo vw 53 , angle - a hot dog stand in the park 50 Joyce and Ben sit , exhaust , on the bench at a table in front of the hot dog stand , as vicky look at the menu print on the wall behind the counter , and a attendant , a pimply youth , wait lethargically , to serve she . the meager offer include hot dog , fire , chip , and sugare soft drink . vicky do not you have anything like ... cottage cheese ... or a salad ? attendant all we get ' 's what 's on the board , lady . vicky oh ... what do you put on the hot dog ? attendant mustard , catsup , relish , onion . vicky Three order of onion . and three glass of water . attendant I do not have a price list for onion . vicky be creative . angle - at the table 51 vicky , Ben and Joyce be eat chop raw onion out of paper hot dog dish , and drink lot of water out of paper cup to help they do it , as -~ joyce - i£ we lose too much weight , we will get wrinkle , you know , . BEN so we will get face lift . he pull he face upward . vicky then my husband can stop tell I I look like he mother and start tell I I look like he daughter . ( continued ) 2 ) ( ) C ) 51 52 54 , continued : 51 and she think about that , frown , as Joyce and Ben exchange a compassionate look . joyce do he really say that ? vicky yep , when I tell he I be go back to school . ( check she watch ) oh! School ! I have a class ! take she use dish to trash barrel as : BEN do he still resent you go ? vicky ... I do not know . we do not talk much -- see you tomorrow , and she jog off . int . art school classroom - day 52 we be on a life draw model . a young , svelte woman , nearly nude . widen the shot to include several stu - dent all draw she with various degree of ability and pass . around cookie . then we see Mike . his draw be impressionistic . the model look almost rubenesquely round . and then we see vicky , near ss he . hers emaciate . both be good , vicky step back to examine she work ... and then notice Mike 's . vicky you have put twenty pound on she . mike I like my woman round , vicky ( strike a comic pose ) you have get the wrong model , mike when ? vicky I be kid . ( continued ) C ) C ) 52 53 55 . continued : 52 mike I be not . I would love to paint you . with or without clothes . a beat , vicky can not accept this kind of compliment , it embarrass she . she turn back to she work . vicky you be crazy . mike you be very attractive . vicky make a funny face , mike ( continue ) how about Saturday ? vicky I be give a party Saturday . mike great ! what time ? hold on vicky 's reaction ... as she realize he have in - vite himself . ext . the matthews back yard - day 53 we be on a closeup of a large birthday cake on which be print '' happy birthday , jack " , , . and 39 light candle . it 's silent for a beat , then ; helen ( 0.s. ) blow it out before it drip on the cake . and several 0.8 , voice , adult , some child . ad lib more encouragement . Jack 's face , frown , appear . he blow out the candle , and we widen the shot during applause and sing " happy birthday to you " , . , to in - clude the entire party . the back yard be decorate with the usual crepe paper and streamer -- but with a touch more artistry than usual ... and lot of people . Patty ( without phil ) , marge and she husband , Joyce and Ben , Mike , Eric , helen , Danny , Lisa , vicky , a trio from Jack 's office : tom , 50ish , steve , late 20' , and Jack 's secretary , katie , very young , very cute , and several people from Patty 's party . they be all gath - ere around Jack , as they sing ... and he try not to show how much he hate it . ( continued ) ) c ) c ) 53 56 . continued : 53 the song over , people gather into small group . at the table , vicky cut cake , while helen , Lisa and Danny serve . vicky put a piece of cake on a plate , put she finger to she mouth to lick off frosting , and then stop at the first taste . she grab a napkin , wipe off the frosting and hand the knife to helen . vicky you cut the cake . helen it 's you husband 's birthday ! vicky it 's 500 calory a slice , she walk away from the table , take a plate of cake . we go with her to Jack , who be stand with he office buddy . Katie be hang on Jack 's arm , but pull away as vicky arrive . vicky ( to Jack ) you get the first piece , jack ( take it , nodd toward Mike ) where would you find he ? vicky he follow I home from school , come on Jack , enjoy yourself , it 's a party . _ jack I do not want a party . tom Jack 's mad because we kidd he about retirement at the office yesterday . jack I be only 39 , tom but you have be with the company 18 year . two more year and you can retire . katie oh , do not Jack , Katie do not want to work for anyone else , ( cont inued ) c) '' ) 33 54 55 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 she bat eyelash at he and then smile at vicky as if ' I be only kid 's and vicky walk away . mew angle 54 vicky be with Joyce and Ben -- all three of they just drink coffee , and watch the cake eater . vicky see Jack feed cake to Katie . vicky li think 40 be when it hurt . BEN no , 39 . at 39 , you have 365 day to worry about be 40 , new angle - at the present table . 55 vicky , Patty and marge be arrange present as Danny and Lisa round up people . Patty watch Mike , who sud - denly swoops Danny up to he back for a piggyback ride , to . Danny 's delight . patty ( indicate Mike ) he 's adorable . vicky he 's twenty - seven year old . patty that 's what make he so adorable , marge get tired of phil ? patty ( as she move against the crowd toward Mike ) 's phil move out . as vicky react surprised : marge believe I , kid , we have get it better , everyone else be now gather around , some bring chair , some sit on the lawn . Patty sit with Mike , Lisa escort Jack to vicky at the table . ( continued ) 55 o~ 2 56 a a ' a r~ ay continued : 58. and she leave . new angle 55 lisa you have to open they , daddy , put I will help . jack ( aside to vicky ) I do not want a party , and I do not want present . vicky ( aside to Jack ) then do not open they , 56 Jack be open gag and real gift in the b.g. as vicky and helen watch from across the lawn . vicky be really low now , as : helen you will not eat he birthday cake , you argue with he in front of the guest , you .. , you bring hippie to he house ! you know what you father , may he rest in peace , would say to you ? vicky I know what he would say to you , Mom , he would say , ' leave vicky alone , ' helen well , he would be wrong , as usual . vicky Mom , .. leave I alone . helen there you go , listen to you father again ! vicky almost answer , but instead turn away and start into the house . Mike , who would be wander on the out ~ - side of the gift open , approach she . mike : you okay ? vicky not really . c) c ) c ) 57 58 59 . angle - over jack shoulder 57 as he watch Mike and vicky talk mos , then see Mike comforting vicky in he arm as they go into the house . Jack get even more upset now and do not hear as ; danny open this one next , daddy , it 's from I ! jack you open it , Danny . i'1l be right back . through the window , we can see vicky and Mike on the couch , as Jack hurry to the house , Danny look after he , disappointed , helen , disapprove , and everyone else puzzle . int . the live room - day 58 Jack march into the house , as if he expect vicky and Mike to jump up guiltily . but they do not , they merely look up . Mike 's arm be around vicky 's shoulder , he really have be consol she , but that 's not the way Jack see it . he glare at they a moment , then -- jack take you hand off my wife -- what do you teach at that school ? wife steal ? vicky he 's a student . jack ( to Mike ) well , there be a couple of thing you could learn , vicky ' Jack , I want to talk to you . jack yeah , and I have something to say to you . mike go ahead , say it . jack not to you . to she ! ( continued ) >) c ) cc ) 58 60 , continued : 58 vicky Mike , please go . she push he to door . mike if he lay one hand on you ... vicky get Mike out the door , but he stand near the window look in , so Jack pull the drape , jack you get something go with he ? vicky no . you get something go with Katie , the little lady of the night ? jack do not be gross . vicky Gross ? I ? you be the one who 's storming around like a gore bull ! what 's the matter with you ? jack nothing ! everything ! I can not stand it anymore ! vicky meaning I ? jack meaning ... everything .. , everything . something 's happen ... to I ... you ... you ... you be different ... and the kid be , . , so big ... and .... and I be 39 year old ... : ( really desperate now ) . and ... I ... I never have any fun . vicky well ... go ... have some fun . jack how can I when I be saddle with a house , and kid , and lawn , and furnace , and -- ( continued ) i) c ) 58 59 61 , continued ; ( 2 ) 58 vicky well , unsaddle , move out if that 's how you feel about it ! jack oh , vicky , I want to , . , I need to ... please ! vicky . what ? jack a.... a@ furnish apartment ... a . a hotel room , even .. , it 's probably a phase or something ... but I need to .. , it need to find out if I be miss anything ! vicky ( awed as she realize ) ..-. you want to ... move out ? jack just ... to try it . ( kiss she cheek ) oh , vicky , you really do understand , he go out . a beat . vicky start out slowly , almost in a state of shock . ext . the back yard 59 vicky come out of the live room slowly , look at the people milling about , laugh , talk , the kid run - ning around , everyone happy ... but she . she 's stand near the cake table , and half of the cake be still there . she look at it ... and we move in close to her . look at the cake ... and hurt .. fade out , end of act three .) ( c ) 60 62. act four fade in : int . master bedroom - day 60 the shade be draw . vicky be in bed , stare numbly at the ceiling . helen open the door . she 's carry the breakfast tray : french toast laden with jelly , plus juice and coffee . helen Breakfast . she put the tray on a chair , start open the drape , let in the bright morning sunshine , as vicky sit up . she 's puffy eye and look terrible . helen come back to put the tray on vicky 's lap . helen ( continue ) when you be a little girl and you go to bed cry about something , I always make you french toast with jelly on it . vieky start to eat , without enjoyment but rapidly . helen ( continue ) all right , vicky , that 's enough mourn . it 's time to get on - with we life . vicky it 's my life , and I do not want to get on with it . . helen we will start by figure out how to get he back . vicky I do not ever want to see he again . helen listen , miss America . you think man be stand in line wait for you ? vicky I do not want to see they again , either . ( continued ) ) c ) 60 61 os . continued : 60 she finish eat , lie down , and pull the cover over she head . helen look at the cover , remember : helen that 's how I feel when Jerry die . I never want to look at a man again . then , when I stop cry , I realize 1 have not be that happy with he in the first place . vicky look out from the cover . as helen get on the exercycle , she cycle , vicky watch . then : vicky .. why do not you get marry again ? helen I want a young man , not a old goat ... and all the man I meet have the same idea . vicky , I be forty - six when Jerry die . you be only twenty - eight . vicky thirty-two . helen you do not have to broadcast that ! go find yourself a nice young man ... with a decent job ... and a good future ... like kid ... do not mind mother - in-law ... as she talk , we focus on vicky , think . int . a snack shop - day 61 a funky student 's hangout , obviously near the art school . a pop art mural of soft drink , fries , dessert , cover the wall . vicky and Mike be in a small booth and we move in close to they . vicky be eat a small bowl of cottage cheese , in a dutiful manner , and longingly watch Mike eat he hamburger and fries . vicky ( in the’ same enumerate tone helen be use ) Office girl , gofer , paint brush cleaner , anything . ( continued ) C ) ( cy ) 61 continued : 64 , 61 mike how about advertising art ? vicky no . I haveto lose more weight before I can do any artwork . mike why ? vicky do you ever see a fat artist ? mike sure . and you be not fat . vicky I know , you like you woman round . mike ( Cleaning to she ) very much . vicky well , I do not ... like myself round . mike do you like yourself -- period ? vicky .. not at the moment . almost without realize it , she take a fry from he plate and nibble on it , as : mike you miss you old man ? vicky ( shrug ) I do not know ... I just feel so ... mike desert ? vicky discard ... discard be a better word ... I feel discard ... like a ... bag of garbage . mike heavy ... ( continued ) c) c ) cc ) 61 62 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 vicky look at the french fry , halfway up to she mouth . vicky yeah , that , . too . she put the fry down in she empty bowl . mike ( push he plate at she ) hey , if you be hungry ... vicky ( push he plate back ) if I eat every time I be hungry , I would weigh 200 pound . mike you would still be adorable . vicky you be crazy . mike ( shrug ) I like you . vicky oh ... go ... pick on someone you own size . , mike I like you . ext . a shopping mall - day 62 vicky , Patty and Joyce , carry some thing they have already buy , walk along , look in store window . Joyce be noticeably slimmer . vicky keep talk mos : as they pass a dress shop display lean manne - quin in slinky clothes , Patty stop to look and then catch up ; at the diet dessertery Joyce stop to look and then catch up , pass a advertising board display a lean , gorgeous couple , eat spaghetti at a candlelit gable . and in love . when they be all together again , we move in closer and can hear then . vicky how can he like I ? ( continued ) C ) C ) 62 66 . continued : 62 joyce you be a likeable person . why do not you go out with he ? vicky he 's a baby . patty IL go out with he . vicky you be get over a break romance . Patty and Joyce stop , look at she meaningfully , and vicky understand . she stop , too . vicky ( eontinue ) yeah ... they stop at three adjoin store : Patty at a furrier , Joyce at the lingerie shop and vicky at a appliance store where she look at the tv display in the window . a commercial be on : a before and after ad for a reduce wafer , show silhouettes of a fat and slender woman . vicky join Joyce . joyce how would I look in that ? vicky great , let 's see if they have you size . joyce ( walk on ) I do not want it my size . I want it size will . ( grin ; she 's be wait to say this ) for my trousseau . vicky Ben propose ! joyce well , actually I do , but he accept . vicky oh , Joyce ! ( continued ) 67 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 ~~ and she hug Joyce . Patty notice and join they . / vicky ( continue ; to Patty ) she 's get marry ! patty poor thing -- vicky ( to Joyce ) when 's the wedding ? joyce as soon as I can wear ny mother 's size 11 wedding gown . ( grin ) about a month . vicky how can you be a size will ina month ? Joyce grin , take a small plastic bottle from she purse . it contain a brownish liquid . -) joyce with my trusty sword . vicky ( take it , look at it ) what be it ? patty liquid protein . vicky give it back as if she would touch hot coal . vicky I think they take that stuff off the market . joyce you can still get it some place . patty Security drug carry it . _ vicky and Joyce react , surprised . ( continued ) C C ) C ) 62 63 64 68. continued : ( 3 ) 62 joyce you use it , too ? patty when the scale go up four pound . but it usually do not . I keep it under control with appetite depressant . they walk on . vicky that stuff 's dangerous . joyce so be be fat . it can give you diabete , high blood pressure . arthritis , colitis , kidney problem ... as they walk away from camera : joyce ( continue ) Patty , can you get I some of that appetite depressant ? ext , the matthews house - day 63 Jack drive a shiny new mercede up the driveway . Danny and Lisa and pile of present be in the back seat . the garage door open automatically , revealing vicky 's wagon and helen 's Ford park side by side . Jack do not like he place be usurped . int . the matthews ' live room - day 64 vicky and helen be at the front window , peek out through the curtain . we can see the kid pull Jack toward the house , all of they balance present . as vicky hurry toward she bedroom , helen open the front door . danny lisa we go to the baseball we have lunch at a game ! sidewalk cafe ! jack . hello , helen . helen come on in , do not stand in the doorway like a stranger . ( continued ) C ) ( C 64 65 66 67 69 . continued : 64 Jack be not sure , but the kid drag he inside . helen close the door . : : int . master bedroom - day ~ 65 vicky can hear they , as she go to the dresser for she candy bar . danny ( 0.s. ) we win eleven to five . lisa ( 0.s. ) look at the sweater daddy get I . I want to show mommy . back to the live room 66 as the kid dash into . vicky 's bedroom . jack I bring vicky some sugarless candy ... how be she ? helen oh , she 's fine . busy , run around , date every night . int . master bedroom - day 67 the kid be show vicky they present as she eat she candy and listen through the door . jack ( 0.8 . ) oh? great ... you think she would talk to I ? W vicky shake she head emphatically " no . helen ( 0.8 . ) of course . vicky struggle to swallow and shove the rest of the candy away . helen ( 0.s. ) ( continue ; come closer to bedroom ) she 's probably be furious if she miss you . ( continued ) c) c ) c ) 67 68 69 70 . continued : 67 vicky put on a wide grin and open the door before helen can . int . live room 68 as Jack start toward the bedroom , the door open . vicky appear , smile , wiping any trace of candy from she mouth . vicky oh , Jack ! I do not know you be here ! ext . the house - day 69 vicky and Jack walk around the mercede , admire it . vicky be work hard to keep the casual pose , and Jack be very nervous . vicky well , I see it and I be impressed . she start inside , but Jack stop she with : jack vicky ... how have you be do ? vicky great . jack . you dating ? vicky ( hesitates , then ) .» Mom tell you I be . jack that bum at the art school ? a beat ... he 's get to vicky now . vicky among other . jack you be really live it up , be not you ? vicky and without a mercede , too . ( continued ) 69 o~ nee ~~ — _ 70 '' ~~ ~~ 71 . continued : 69 jack I need the mercede ! vicky lift one of the neck chain he 's wear . vicky can I borrow this sometime ? jack do not get petty . vicky ( turn and start for the house ) well , thanks for take the kid out . see you next Sunday . jack no -- I can not , vicky look back , questioningly . jack ( continue ) I be ... go on a cruise ... with a friend . vicky oh ... remind she to roll you over when you start snore . and she march into the house . int . mike' studio - night 70 a tiny , one - room garage apartment , funkied up with Mike 's artwork , collection of " find art , " pillow all over the floor . there 's no bed . vicky , in the same clothes as in the last scene , be still tense and angry . she pace as Mike sit back on pillow . mike so what do you care ? vicky I care ! mike do you really want to go back to that housewife routine ? do not you want you own life ? ( continued ) 72 , 70 continued : 70 ~~ vicky yes , I want my own life !l... and ~ I also want ... I be lonely ... mike well , there 's always I . vicky oh , come on , Mike . you be my friend . I need ... mike a lover . vicky ... yeah ... mike I be very versatile . vicky aw , Mike . mike try I . o~ vicky ~ some other time . mike after you lose weight ? he 's push a button . vicky glare at he , then : vicky see , you think so , too . mike ( get up and go to she ) I think you be one terrific lady . vicky no , a couple of terrific lady . mike ( get romantic ) stop put yourself down , vicky . you be fun , and you be funny and you be warm , and bright ... and just on generally ... great ... ~ ( continued ) '' a '' C 70 73. continued : ( 2 ) 70 vicky yeah , great ... as in big . mike no , great as in -- ( turn away from she ) Hell , no . I be not go to feed into that game . you want to think you be a big , fat zero , go ahead . only do it somewhere else . he open the door and stand as if to usher she out . vicky no , wait . Mike ... I want to talk to you , mike enough talk . I want you . vicky you do not . mike okay , I do not . he gesture for she to leave . vicky ( not move ) you do ? Mike gesture for she to leave . vicky ( continue ) you would really want this ? she gesture at she body . mike ... damnit , vicky , I be interested in you . not just : you body , all of you , and do not you dare make — a joke about that . vicky be go to , but she hold it back . mike ( continue ) I dig you the minute I see you ... ( more ) ( continued ) C ) C ) C ) 70 74 , continued : ( 3 ) 70 mike ( cont 'd ) and I have see you now , a couple of different size ... and it do not matter . I like you . I would like to make love to you . vicky ( afraid ) ... I would like that . mike ~ okay ... he slam the door hard , and a Murphy bed , that have be hide by a large hang . fall from the wall . vicky look at it , surprised , and then back at Mike , nervous - ly , as he take she into he arm . they begin to kiss . vicky turn out the light . he look at she , then very definitely : mike no . and he go back to kissing she . vicky be stiff and afraid at first . as she begin to melt ... fade out . end of act four ) c ) c ) 71 75 . act five fade in : int . the matthews live room - day 71 vicky , several pound slimmer , look good , stand before helen , Jack , Lisa and Danny . she 's just make a speech that have leave they all surprised . lisa what 's the Magic Circle ? helen a fat farn . jack a fac farm ? danny what do they grow ? fat ? vicky knock it off , Danny . jack what 's it go to cost I ? vicky less than a cruise . vicky and Jack glare at each other , then turn to look at the kid . lisa come on , Danny . they go out , then : jack you do not need a fat farm . you look ... okay . vicky thank you . jack must be that ... swinging life you be lead . vicky ( almost argue , . then cool it ) could be . ( continued ) ( ) c ) C 71 '' continued : 76 . 71 Jack frown , but do not answer . : helen so what do you need a fat farm for ? vicky I have hit a plateau . I have fifteen more pound to go , and I can not budge they . then , overlap : gesture helen you know what happen at fat . farm ? they take it off , and you come home and put it on . jack I agree on support money , not on fat farm . : helen who take care of the kid ? the old standby ? at herself . jack you can not just walk out on you kid -- vicky ( topping that ) you do ! that stop they . Jack take a moment to find a retort , but before he can give it : vicky ( continue ) I be not walk out on my kid . that 's why I want this meeting . I have it all plan . the refrigerator be fill . there be some precooke thing in the freezer . Jack , you will stay here with the kid . Mom , you will be here when the kid get home from school . ( continued ) c) ( cc ) 71 72 73 74 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 jack you know what , vicky ? I like you better when you be fat . vicky yeah , but I like I better now . hold on vicky , and ... match dissolve to : closeup of vicky 72 in a leotard , huffing and puffing , through a rigorous exercise . but unlike the earlier gym scene , she 's do it . widen the shot and we be in ... int . the magic circle gym - day 73 the gym , like everything at this place , be a temple to slimness and beauty . Soft color , slender shape in furniture and decor , beautiful employee . a group of woman and some man , of vary size , from gorgeous to mountainous , be do exercise with a slender , but muscular woman gym instructor . the guest wear a conglomeration of clothes from scruffy sweat suit to plastic see-through sauna suit to revealing bikinis . the gym instructor and some of the slimmer people be watch themselves in the mirrore wall -- the other , include vicky , be not . gym instructor and bounce and two and three and four , other way , two and three and four ... and back and two ... and all ... the way ... vicky falter , take a breath , and start again . ext . a jogging track - day 74 the same group of people , now in jogging suit , one of they a silver lame , be jogging -- or drag -- around the track , behind a different instructor , a slim young woman , a heavy man near the back sneak candy from he pocket as he run . and further back , a woman pull a orange blossom from a tree and pop it in she mouth . vicky be near the middle . a at - tractive muscular man , gary , slow down to run beside she , smile at she . vicky be surprised at first , and then like it and smile back . C ) C ) C ) 75 76 77 78 . closeup of vicky 75 as she lie , nude , cover by towel ... be massage vigorously . widen the shot and we be in ... int . the massage room - day 76 vicky 's masseur be a mass of muscle . he pound away at she relentlessly , as vicky groan and grunt . masseur tell I if I be be too rough . vicky : no ... it 's ... uh ... fine ... ow ! . fine ... masseur you have get great muscle tone . pull a few more pound off here ... and tighten a bit there ... you be a great look woman . vicky ( grin up at he ) I bet you say that to every woman you beat up on . masseur no , only the great look one . the massage go on , and vicky relax , smile , very pleased with herself . int . the gym - night 77 the participant be now in casual resort wear , learn - ing disco dance from the DISCO instructor , a very slender chorus boy type . vicky be keep up better than most -- and Gary be right beside she . DISCO instructor and dip ... and again ... and start over -- front leave , right , leave , kick and turn and -- the same -- and they go on , vicky get more sure of herself and add a frill or two of she own . Gary turn to she , and they become a twosome as the other continue in the straight line . ( ) ) ( C 78 79 79 . int . the weight gym and steam room - day 78 the floor and wall be cover with machine to pull and tighten every muscle in the body . Three wall be mirrore . the fourth lead to the jacuzzi , which be a ell off the gym , and the sauna and steam room , visible through steamy glass door . most of the machine be in use -- a heavy woman be giggle as the vibrate machine jiggle she bottom , a man struggle unsuccessfully with a pulley , people on slant board do a variety of thing with they arm and leg . a man come from the sauna , wrap in a towel , and nearly fainting -- a woman come from the steam room , also wrap in towel and nearly faint - ing -- they stumble past each other ; he go to the steam room , she into the sauna . we move in closer to the jacuzzi . in the bubbling water , people relax against the water jet , or swim lazily about . we pick out vicky , sit beside she jogging partner , Gary . gary stay long ? vicky a week . gary two week . I be Gary radford . Chicago . single . I be in electronics . vicky vicky matthews . Los Angeles . separate . I be ... a artist ... when I find a job . gary ( move closer ) oh , a artist . how interesting . it 's a come~on , vicky know it , and be not sure how to react ... but she 's enjoy it . int . the magic circle dine room - night 79 the participant wear bulky robe or glamorous leisure outfit . they sit about table for four , finish tiny portion of very dietetic look food . as we slowly pan the room , we pick up bit of conversation . first table : ( continued ) ( ) ( ) cc ) 79 80 . continued : 79 man # 1 the saddest moment of the day be when I look down at my plate and there 's nothing leave . second table : woman # 1 I would eat until I be sick -- and then take a triple dose of a good , strong laxative . third table : man # 2 I have lose 755 pound ... in between gain 874 pound . fourth table : . man # 3 that be not a forward pass , it be a forward fumble ! man # 4 they call themselves a football team ! fifth table : vicky sit with Gary ; marv , a paunchy older man ; and sylvia , a well - preserve older woman . marv you can not get job , you can not get insurance ... sylvia you can not find a decent dress . half the people in the country be overweight , and all the store carry junior miss . we push in close to Gary and vicky , who be involved in they own conversation . gary after you start work , I will come over and take you away from you draw board . I get out here a couple time a year . ( continued ) 81. 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 oo vicky ( pleased with ~ herself ) okay ... a couple of time a year you can take I away from my draw board . gary how about tonight ? vicky I do not have a draw board here . gary I have a room . vicky so do i. a single ... but thanks for ask . . and they grin at each other . 80 int . vicky' room at the magic circle - night 80 vicky , in the robe she wear at dinner , be sprawle , exhaust , across the bed ... and talk on the phone . C ) vicky ... L sound tired , because I be tired . but I be feel great ... Joyce be pick I up ... Mom ... Mom , let I talk to the kid ... hi , Lisa , how be you ?... that 's nice ... I never say he be a bad father . I say ... oh , hi , Danny , how be you ?... yeah , Lisa just tell I ... no , tell he I do not want to talk ... ( cooler ) hello , Jack ... how 's it go ? : ( grow angry ) you can go ski next week . the mountain will still be there . Jack , I be go to hang up now ... we can talk about it when I get back ... I be go to hang up now ... Jack , I be go to ~- and she pull the phone from she ear , as Jack slam oo , the phone down . vicky look at the dead phone , and hang it up . vy c ) cc ) c ) 81 82. int . the gym - day 81 it 's almost the end of a gym class . the class be on the floor do sit up -- with vary degree of difficulty . most be exhaust . . gym instructor and one more time ... all the way to you toe ... and back ... slowly . one vertebrae at a time . and they finish . gym instructor ( continue ) not too shabby . Pool exercise in ten minute . let 's go . - she bounce up , and go out . several people get up , more slowly , and go after she . a woman head for the scale in one corner . another woman watch . woman on scale one quarter of a pound . woman watching do not drink water -- you will gain it all back . they go out . then only four people be leave include vicky , Gary , marv and sylvia , all lie on the floor , wipe out . they do not move for a moment . then , still lie prone on the floor : marv you know what we be ? we be a bunch of masochist . - sylvia not I . I be a young woman wrap in a old package ... I be try to doll up the package . : gary I be drying out . the other look at he , surprised . gary ( continue ) and lose weight . do you know a screwdriver have more calory than a chocolate doughnut ? ( continued ) c ) '' C 81 83. continued : 81 a beat . marv so , who need enemy , we have get ourselves . a beat , vicky be really think now , really try to figure it out . sylvia : not I . I be good to myself . too good . that 's why I have to come here every six month . vicky that 's not be good to yourself , go up and down like a yoyo . sylvia well , I like to eat . vicky ... I be not sure I do ... half the time I do not even know what I be put into my mouth . marv or how much . vicky I do not think I eat because I be hungry either ... I do not let myself get hungry . marv yeah , my mouth 's go all day , when do my stomach have time to get hungry ? gary ( to vicky ) '' so why do you eat ? vicky I do not know ... it 's ... something . it give I something . gary but that 's not what you really want . ( continued ) ~~ _ c ) C ) 81 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 vicky no ... what I really want be ... gary a job ? vicky I want ... to like myself . gary what 's not to like ? vicky well , I be ... ( look in mirror ) what 's not to like ? ( to other ) I be not some kind of ... rotten person , be 1 ? the other shake they head in unison , no . vicky ( continue ) there be something to like . I be a ... a good daughter , and a good mother ... ( shrug ) . I be not a bad wife ... ( intently ) I be a pretty talented artist ... ( look in mirror ) . and I be not that bad look . Gary wolf whistle . vicky ( continue ) so ... I do not have to eat . look in mirror , straighten up , do a bit of a model 's stance , like it , look back at they , smile broadly . vicky ( continue ) i_ do not have to eat ! hold on vicky . c ) c ) C 82 83 84 85 . ext . fat farm - day 82 Gary , sylvia and marv wave goodbye as vicky , in a fitte jump suit , throw she pag into the back seat of Joyce 's car and get in . vicky be look slimmer and terrific ; Joyce be also slimmer , but very pale and want . int . joyce's car - day 83 as they greet each other with a hug . vicky study Joyce worriedly . vicky how be you do ? joyce ( as she pull away ) great . lose six pound this week . how about you ? . vicky Seven . joyce ah , ' but I do not have to move a muscle . vicky ah , but move muscle be so much fun ! joyce oh ?.... tell I about he . ext . vicky' house - day 84 Joyce 's car round a corner , and pull to the curb as : joyce ( v.0 . ) we have set the wedding date . October sixth . you be matron of honor . vicky ( v.0 . ) I would be honore . the car pull up to vicky 's house . helen 's Ford really block both side of the driveway . Jack 's mercede be at the curb in front . Joyce pull she car up be - ind it . ( ) c ) '' 85 86 87 86 . int . joyce's car - day 85 — vicky you really go to stay on the protein until then ? joyce until I get into that gown . vicky be you all right , Joyce ? joyce I feel fantastic . and you look fantastic . go in there and show they . ext . the house 86 vicky get she bag out of Joyce 's car , wave as Joyce pull away , and then turn and face the house . she pull she stomach in , stand straighter and start up the walk . int . the matthews live room - day 87 vicky stand in the middle of the room and turn , like a model , as helen , Jack , Lisa and Danny examine she . Danny be awed , Lisa unsure , Jack get turn on and helen unimpress . helen how long will it last ? vicky thank you , mother , for the vote of confidence . danny you be beautiful , mommy . vicky ( kissing he ) thank you , handsome . what do you think , Lisa ? lisa you be so ... different ! and she run to she own room . q 88 89 87 . int . lisa' room ~ day 88 the room be combination frilly girl , and leftover child . Lisa be lie face down on the bed , and vicky go to she . vicky hey ... Lisa ... I be still I ... lisa no , you be not . you be different . vicky look at I . she pick Lisa up , and turn she so that they be face to face . vicky ( continue ) see ? same face . same eye , game nose , same mouth -- lisa different chin . vicky I should hope so ... Lisa , I feel great about myself . be happy for I ! a beat . lisa | oh , mommy ... do not go away and leave I like daddy do . a beat , and vicky gather Lisa into she arm and hold she tightly . hold on they . int . vicky' bedroom - day 89 vicky , drain from she session with Lisa , do not see Jack lie on the bed , try to look sexy , as she come in and unzip she jumpsuit . jack you look fantastic . vicky jump , see he , and try to zip the suit back up , but she 's nervous and the zipper stick . ( continued ) 89 88. continued : 89 vicky I think you would leave . jack no ... I be still here ... vicky can not budge the zipper , she hold the jumpsuit close and sidle toward the closet . vicky I think ... you would be happy to get out of here ... by now . jack I think so , too ... vicky hurriedly get out of the jumpsuit and grab something from the closet to put on , 4 filmy negligee . jack . ( continue ) until I see you . vicky realize what she 's do , throw the negligee into the closet and grab a shapeless old chenille robe . vicky so ... do you have any problem ? jack yes ... I miss you . she turn away from he , get the robe on , and Jack hurry over from the bed . when she turn back , he 's face to face with she . vicky oh ...! she move away from he , and he follow as : jack . it 's be a long time , vicky . vicky not so long ... actually ... he grab at she , and pull she to he , jack I want you . ( continued ) 89 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 vicky , so how come you walk out on I ? jack ( shrug ) well , you know what you be like before . vicky stop struggle , look at he , and shove he away . vicky well , this be after . get out of my bedroom . jack ( get angry ) surel ... I pay for that fat farm , and that ... that hippy get the benefit , be that it ? vicky throw a pillow at he . vicky out ! jack you would not take the weight off for I ! why would you do it for he ? vicky throw another pillow . vicky I do it for I ! can not you understand that ? I do it for I . for mee fade out . end of act five ( C 90 91 90 . act six fade in : int . mike' studio - day 90 Mike be painting at a easel and look up to see vicky , very angry , at he open door . he look at she questioningly , and she slam the door hard . the bed come down . mike ( look she over ) hey , you look fantastic ! vicky do you know what Jack say ? mike no . and I do not want to . vicky ( a beat ) neither do I . and she start for the bed , take off she jacket at the same time . time lapse 91 vicky and Mike be in bed , they have make love and be now nestle in each other 's arm . mike so what do Jack say ? vicky he say that I change , that I be a different person . mike '' you be . vicky how ? mike you be sure of yourself , you know what you want . vicky . I want a job . 91 . 92 int . a academy classroom - day 92 Eric be show sample of vicky 's work to frank lesser , a handsome , 40ish businessman ... as vicky watch nervously , and Mike protectively . Frank be interested in the work ... but be more interested in vicky . frank ( to vicky ) you would have to start as a apprentice . vicky Fine . mike no , I do not think so . eric ( take Mike aside just to start . he 's give she a job . mike he 's give she the business . 93 angle . on vicky and frank 93 with Mike and Eric still argue mos in b.g. frank there will be a open in a week or two . I will call you . vicky great . frank maybe we can have lunch ... or dinner ? he take she hand . Mike see , start toward they , and Eric hold he back . eric. go to show Frank out , leave Mike and vicky alone in the room . mike what be all that about ... ( caricature Frank ) lunch ... ox dinner ? ( cont inued ) ( cc ) 93 94 95 92 . continued : 93 vicky you almost blow it for I ! mike there 's mothing to blow . he do not offer you a job . he offer you ... ( caricature ) lunch ... or dinner ... and after that , who know ? vicky Mike , he like my work ! mike he barely look at you work ! the only thing he 's interested in be you ... as a ... a sex object . vicky react -- she , a sex object ? ext . a wedding chapel - day 94 we hear the last strain of " the wedding MARCH , " as it end . helen ( v.0 . ) it should only happen to you . vicky ( v.0 . ) it do . int . the wedding chapel - day 95 fully decorate for a wedding . Joyce and Ben stand before the minister -- Joyce wear she mother 's wedding dress . it 's tight , but it fit , she 's really baggy - eye and very sick look , but also very happy . as be Ben , also slimmer . among the guest be vicky as matron of honor , stand close to the couple , helen next to she , and elsewhere -- Mike with Lisa and Danny and Patty and marge . a table laden with rich food and liquor be at the back of the room , wait - ing . Danny sneak over for a taste as the ceremony go on mos as : helen ( v.0 . ) it could happen again ... you could give up the hippy and find yourself a man . ( continued ) dd 95 93 . continued : 95 vicky ( v.0 . ) shh , I be listen to the ceremony . we hear the ceremony as a unintelligible murmur for a beat , as we move in close to vicky and helen , then it 's mos again , as : helen or , if you come to you sense , you could get Jack back . vicky I do not want Jack back . helen you can not support yourself . vicky Mom , please -- helen as bad as it be with you father , at least I have someone to take care of I . vicky look at she sharply -- open she mouth for a sharp rebuttal -- and at that moment the ceremony be over . vicky and helen be catch in the mob of people go to congratulate the newlywed , and other head - ing for the food ; they try to hear each other over that . vicky what be so bad about my father ? helen what ? vicky ( louder ) why be you always pick on my father ? a couple of people look they way , and vicky , embar - rass , take helen 's arm and steer she away from the mob . as they pass Mike on he way to the newly - wed : : mike where be you go ? ( continued ) C ) 95 96 97 94 , continued : ( 2 ) 95 vicky tell Joyce and Ben congratulation and I will be right back . helen shrug a ' y.do n't- know - what ' 's -go - on " to Mike , as vicky push she toward the back of the room . angle - outside the restroom in the chapel 96 vicky steer helen toward the woman 's restroom . helen what be you do ? vicky open the restroom door , but the room be pack with woman wait they turn . she elose the door on they , and push helen toward the man 's restroom near - by . helen ( continue ) I know it , she 's go crazy . just as they start to open the men' room door , a man come out , check he fly . man what ?... as vicky shove helen inside . helen we can not go in there ! man you can not go in therel and the door close . we can hear the lock turn . int . the men' restroom - day 97 helen if you have something to do in here , do it , and let 's go back to the wedding . vicky after we get something settle . 98 99 100 101 95 . back to the chapel 98 people be milling around now , the child chase each other . Joyce look about , see Mike , who 's look off toward the restroom . she work she way through the crowd , accept congratulation , and get to Mike . joyce where 's vicky ? mike in the man 's room . Joyce and Patty , near she , do take , and Mike shrug . back to the men' room 99 vicky you be always pick on I , and you be always pick on daddy . helen what do I say ? I say he support I . vicky no , what you say be , I can not support myself . and T can ! back to the chapel - just outside the men' room 100 Joyce , Patty and Mike approach the door , and marge be push through people to get to they . Joyce knock .as Lisa and Danny join they . lisa be Mom in there ? back to the men' room 101 helen look what you be do to you life ! vicky all right , look what I be do ! I have a job -- almost . ( continued ) 101 continued : there 's a vicky and 96 . 101 : helen apprentice . thirty - four year old , and she 's go to be a apprentice . vicky thirty-two ! knock . joyce 0.8 . ) vicky , be anything wrong ? helen you have a husband , and a home , and a decent life -- vicky it be not enough ! helen oh , you be so independent ! vicky yes , I aml finally , I be ! mike ( 0.s. ) vicky , come on out . helen how about you child ? vicky I will support they . helen a child need a father ! vicky a child need a mother , too ! helen glare at each other , as : man ( 0.s. ) what 's the matter ? be it out of order ? : helen I be a good mother ... I give you everything you need . vicky food ! you give I food ! ( continued ) C 101 continued : 97 . ( 2 ) 101 helen what should I have do ? starve you ? vicky I need more than that . I need you to ... to tell I that I be ... pretty ... and smart ... and talented ... helen like you father do . he give you a big head , you father , vicky he make I feel ... like I be somebody . : BEN ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? lisa ( 0.s. ) Mom and grandma be fight ! danny ( 0.s. ) ( excited ) wow , be they ever ! helen I do not understand that you be talk about . vicky Mom , I need you to believe in I +» $ 0 I could believe in myself . : patty ( 0.s. ) vicky , be you okay ? helen -.. be that why you be so ... so tight with he ?... you father ?... vicky he believe in I . helen ( wistfully ) you be so close , the two of you . marge ( 0.s . ) vicky , please , come out . ( continued ) 98 , 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 vicky ( realize ) Mom ...? be you jealous ?... of I ? helen 's look be the answer -- yes . mike ( 0.s. ) vicky , I be come in there ! helen it be always the two of you ... together ... vicky he love you so much ... helen he be so proud of you . vicky ( on a incredulous giggle ) I think we be rival . helen ... that 's ridiculous ... she start to giggle . vicky ridiculous ... the giggle grow into a relieved guffaw . vicky put she arm out , and helen , like a little girl , go into they . they have reverse role . vicky rock she gently , as the laughter subside . 102 back to the chapel - at the men' room door 102 there 's a mob in front of the door now -- all stare as vicky and helen , they arm about each other , come out . over that a high - pitch tv announcer's voice : tv announcer ( v.0 . ) all you trouble be over -- or will be -- 103 closeup - tv screen 103 a split-screen picture of a woman -- before and after . ( continued ) C C 103 104 99 . continued : 103 the before grotesque and frown ; the after , pencil thin -- and smile sexily . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) . after just 14 day in the famous meltaweigh . the word " meltaweigh " appear , superimpose over the slender woman in a space - ~suit-like contraption hook to a vacuum cleaner . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) guaranteed to take off a minimum of two pound a week , or you money back . ( voice change for disclaimer ) manufacturer 's diet must be follow to take advantage of this offer . the word move up the screen and the phone number " 555 - thin appear under it . widen the shot and we be in ... int . matthews kitchen - day . 104 vicky , slender and cute in she blue jeans , clean up three breakfast serving and stare at the small countertop tv , only half listen . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) call 555 -thin and ask for meltaweigh . it get to vicky now , and she switch the channel ... to a picture of a rich chocolate cake . woman announcer ( v.0 . ) 's professional ? no , yours ? you can make this cake right in you own kitchen ! the woman announcer be on camera now -- slender , beautiful , and cut herself a piece of the cake , as : woman announcer vicky you husband and child will ( look to adore you when you present they the phone ) with this moist , rich taste . Ring , damn you ! ( continued ) ( ) cc ) ) 104 105 100 . continued : 104 the phone ring , and vicky jump , as if she would really make it happen . she turn off the tv and run for the phone . vicky hello ? ( disappointed ) oh , Mike ... no , I do not mean ' oh , Mike , ' I mean , I think it be Frank lesser ... he will , too , call I ... no , not for a date ! TI mean not only for a date !l... well , then I will go over there ... uh , tomorrow . tf he do not call today , I will go -- the doorbell ring . vicky ( continue ) my doorbell 's ringing ... no , I do not think Frank would come over here ... I be expect Joyce . the doorbell ring again , more insistently . vicky ( continue ) Mike , I have to go to the door ... I can not go out with you , I have to wait for he call ... the doorbell ring nonstop . vicky ( continue ) I have to go , Mike ... well , maybe he would call if you would not tie up the phone !... no , Mike , wait , I do not mean -- she react to the phone be hang up on -her . then hang up and run out of the kitchen . ext . vicky' house - day 105 at the front door . Joyce , half - unconscious , lean on the doorbell . vicky open the door and Joyce almost fall into she arm . joyce vicky ... help I ... ( continued ) 101 . 105 continued : 105 ~~ vicky , hold she , be horrify . freeze on they . — fade out . end_of act six '' C C ) C ) '' 106 107 102 , act seven fade in : int . joyce's hospital room - day 106 Joyce be unconscious , hook up to life support . though she can not hear he , Ben talk to she gently , as he hold she hand , and the tear run down he face . BEN I do not fail in love with a size will ... I do not fall in love with you when you be skinny ... why would you think ?... why do not you tell I what ...? I would have .. Joyce ... do not die ... during this we pull back from they , and realize that vicky be in the room , sit , numbly , and watch . int . hospital cafeteria - day 107 surrounded by bustling activity and noise , vicky and Ben enter and get into line as : vicky ( take coffee for both of they ) and she do not take the lab test ? or the supplement for the liquid protein ? BEN ( shake head , no ) just appetite depressant , tranquilizers , upper , downer , who the hell know what ... and all for a damme dress size !... it 's not worth it , vicky ! we do not all have to look like stick ! vicky but you be lose weight , Ben . and she be afraid you would find someone else ... someone ... slender . they be now at the dessert . BEN that 's ... crazy ... ( more ) ( continued ) ~ ~~ '' 107 108 103 . continued : 107 BEN ( cont 'd ) it 's ... I love Joyce ... I love she !... it 's ... it 's crazy ! ( glaring at the rich dessert ) everyone 's throw food at we ... and then , they be say we ea not eat it !... it 's on television , it 's in the papers , it 's on the billboard ... it 's in the damned restaurant ... they be shove the calory at you , and they be say come on in , and eat that gigantic plate full of stuff ... but !... but you would better be skinny when you be do it , or you will not be able to buy clothes you can wear while you be do it ! half -craze with worry and anger , now , he suddenly grab at a piece of cream pie ... do not know what to do with it . BEN ( continue ) well ... if that 's what they want ... he suddenly put the pie on he tray and begin to grab more pie , and cake , and ice cream , and every no - no he can see , and pile they in a precarious tower on he tray , as : BEN ( continue ) if that 's what they want ... then let 's do it ... let 's eat it all .. this be for we , vicky ... for you and for I ... and for Joyce ... in a final burst of frustration , Ben sweep he arm — across the tray knock the tower of dessert in all direction . int . hospital waiting room - night 108 a sterile , cold room , with hard chair . a window look out on a parking lot and a billboard of a bikiny beauty stand in front of a low sling sport car . Patty and marge stand at the window stare out . vicky sit alone in a corner , deep in she own thought . '' ~~ ( ) C 104 . 109 angle on marge and patty 109 gesture patty eventually he would have , you know ... leave she for a slim young chick . marge he 's not like that . patty they be all like that . marge well ... if that 's what he want , she 's better off without he . patty . or dead ... marge ( angry , but with ! compassion ) Patty , you and vicky and Joyce and ... everyone ... you can not buy that dumb hoopla ... I would blow up to 400 pound before I do that to myself . vaguely toward where Joyce might be . patty you just do not care how you look . marge and you do not care about anything else !. there 's a lot more to life than wear a size 9 ! patty but you do not get it unless you be !... size 9 ... and wrinkle - proof . marge walk away from that and go to Vicki . vicky , deep in think , do not acknowledge she . marge if you be sit there blame yourself -- vicky I make she start dieting ... she do not want to . ( continued ) ao _ ( ) 109 110 ° 105 . continued : 109 marge you do not turn she into a liquid protein junky . she do that herself . Patty join they , as : vicky I have be try to strike a bargain ... with someone ... God , maybe ... that if Joyce could live . I would offer to gain all the weight back again . patty you do not have to do that . vicky ( more guilty ) I can not ... I try to promise ... but I can not do it ... I be so ... selfish ... patty vicky , you earn the right to take care of yourself =~ do not blow it now . vicky have a moment to think about that , then Ben appear at the door . worn out , unshaven ... vicky see he first . she stand , afraid . vicky ben. ..? at beat ... Ben manage a small grin ... and put he hand up in a winner 's gesture . and everyone relax , gather around he , and hug he , vicky sobbing in be - lief . all ad libbing question , assurance that they always know she would pull through , etc . int . frank lesser' office suite - day 110 a large room , fill with artist at draw table , office worker ... a refreshment cart with soft drink and doughnut ... noise ... work . in a sharp business outfit and look terrific , vicky some in from a corridor , look about , and we pan the room , she Pov . until we find a glass off partition in one cor - mer . Frank work in there . we approach it . ( ) ( C 111 106 . int . franks office - day 111 Frank work at a large desk . there 's a couch across the room . vicky can be see outside , knock . and we hear the knock . frank ( without look up ) come in . vicky open the door , stand in the doorway a moment , and wait . Frank look up . frank ( continue ) yes ?... oh ... Eric 's most brilliant student , right ? vicky grin , shrug , nod . Frank , very interested now , go to the door to lead she in , and close the door , and the noise out . he gesture she to the couch and they both sit , as : frank ( continue ) hownice of you to drop by . vicky well , I do not just drop by ... you do say ... there be go to be a open . frank have you do something to yourself since I last see you ? vicky ... put on a dress ... take off a few pound ...° frank well , you look wonderful ! you will be a pretty addition to the office . vicky then I do have a job ? frank ( move closer ) well ... let 's talk about it . ( take she hand ) I think we be go to be great friend . ( continued ) cc ) a ) ( 111 112 107 . continued : 111 vicky . when can I start ? frank you be divorced , be not you ? vicky get . frank Nice . if it 's what you want . vicky ( carefully ) what I want ... be a job . ( take she hand out of he ) just a job . and she look at he , questioningly . int . mike' studio - day 112 the bed be up . Mike work at a easel , as vicky open the door . vicky let 's celebrate ! she slam the door hard . and the bed do not fall . both notice it briefly , as Mike come to the door . mike okay , let 's celebrate . ( hit the wall , no bed ) celebrate what ? vicky I get the job . she put she purse and jacket down and slam the door again .. no bed . mike you go to he office ? vicky yep . and I start tomorrow . ( go to pr on the bed what 's wrong with this thing ? ( continued ) ( C 112 continued : a beat . 108 . 112 mike ( lose interest in the bed ) what happen there ? in he office ? vicky oh , a little chase around the desk . ( forget the bed , remember delightedly ) I , vicky matthews , be actually chase around the desk . be not that great ? mike do he catch you ? vicky of course not . but he chase I ! ( go back to work on the bed ) what would you do to this thing ? mike it do not come down if the vibe be not right . . vicky Mike , be proud of I ! I come out of my refrigerator and I get a job ! mike it will be two job ... one in he office ... and one in he bed . you can not handle that . a beat ; they be both grow more angry and upset . vicky oh , Mike ... do not ... mike you really think he need a apprentice ? vicky Mike ... do not pull a Jack on I : do not tell I how to run my life ... ( continued ) ) '' ( C 109 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 mike - vicky , you do not know what 's happen out there ! a beat . vicky pick up she purse and jacket . mike ( continue ) where be you go ? vicky ( on she way out the door ) on with my life . mike what ? he go to she . vicky I be go on with my life ... my life , Mike ... not yours ... ( kiss he gently ) Goodbye . she go , close the door , just normally . and the bed fall . and Mike be in the room alone . 113 . ext . matthews house - night 113 helen 's and Jack 's car be park side by side in the driveway , as vicky 's car come down the street ... hesi - tate at the fill driveway ... and then pull into place at the curb . 114 int . the matthews live room - night 114 Jack be on the easy chair , look very much at home . helen hurry to the door , excitedly , as vicky enter . helen ( sotto voce ) Jack 's here ! vicky ( warily ) so I see . ( continued ) cc ) ( > ) 114 continued : 110 . 114 jack ( stand at he chair , compassionately ) I come over as soon as I hear . vicky Heard what ? Jack look to helen , who take a beat to understand , and then dée . she go about gather she purse , jacket , knitting , as : helen the child be angel , as usual . they go right to bed . it 's a good thing Jack come over . I have company . she 's at the door now , and near vicky . and helen wave , and vicky . helen ( continue ; sotto voce ) whatever be best for you , vicky . I just want you to be happy . vicky thanks , Mom . helen ( more sotto voce ) but he 's not such a terrible man , you know . vicky ( grin , kiss helen 's cheek ) bye , Mom . look back at Jack for a final smile , and a go .. as the door close , Jack go to jack I be look for you ... at that school ... and Mike tell I about you job . congratulation . vicky ( wary ) thank you . ( continued ) cc ) c ) C 114 115 lll . continued : ( 2 ) 114 she go to Lisa 's door and look in on she . Jack follow . jack you be lucky you be rid of he , vicky . he 's not for you ! vicky that must have be some session . she look in on Danny -- Jack stay with she . - jack when he tell I what happen , I be over here in a flash . because I know how you get , and I want to be here for you . vicky oh ?... how do I get ? she go into the kitchen . Jack follow . int . kitchen - night 115 jack ( as they enter ) I know there be time you have to eat , vick . after all , you need something comforting . vicky I do not eat . she start to prepare tea as : jack ( almost disappointed ) well ... well , that 's great ... but , I be just say , it 's all right i vicky do not sabotage I , Jack . jack vicky , I love you . I be try to tell you that I love you , no matter how fat you be . ( continued ) 115 116 continued : 112 . 115 vicky ( calmly ) I be not fat . jack but if you gain weight -- vicky I be not gain weight . jack good , I know that . I be just say -- vicky ( look for he jacket ) I know what you be say and I do not want to hear it . jack you be right , you do not need to hear it . vicky nod she agreement and go back to she tea . Jack drape he arm around she . she move jack ( continue ) and you do not need Mike , and you do not need that job either ... you need I , vicky . and from now on , I be go to be here for you . vicky ( ease out of he arm ) I do not need ' you ! so that the table be between . they . jack I have change , vicky . I understand you now . I can help you . you do need I ! vicky like I need a hot fudge sundae . she go into the live room and Jack follow . back to the live room 116 they enter , vicky find Jack 's jacket , give it to he and lead he to the door . ( continued ) 113. 116 continued : 116 ~~ . vicky — what I need be more time to myself . jack ( solicitous ) you be tired . vicky no -- I be excited , and proud of myself and I want to relish it all alone , at the door : vicky ( continue ) I be go to treat myself to a long delicious bubble bath . jack ( come on ) I will serub you back . vicky I can scrub my own back . I can do anything . ( with grow exuberance ) anything ! -) she open the door . jack I will see you Sunday ? vicky ( happily ) right . get he out . , jack want to go to disneyland with I and the kid ? vicky maybe . shut the door . jack we it will be like old time , vick . ( continued ) ) C ) cy 116 117 114 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 vicky ( warmly ) good night , Jack . she close the door and lean on it , think . then she smile ... accept what she 's do ... and like it ... and then , get a new idea . she grab she purse , and search in it . ext . the house - day 117 there be no car in the driveway . vicky 's wagon be still at the curb . vicky rum out of the house , carry - ing she key . she hop into the wagon , pull it into the griveway - the garage door go up . vicky drive inside , parking in the middle and take up both side . the garage door lower . we hold on that . fade out . the end