before sunrise by Richard linklater Kim krizan fade in : int . train - afternoon 1 the eurail roll along . Inside , passenger sleep , read , and stare out the window . a few walk up and down the aisle . celine , a young woman in she mid-twenty , be curl up in she seat read Georges bataill 's Story of the Eye . strikingly attractive , she play it down by wear no makeup , a loose - fitting vintage dress , and flat shoe . she continue read while take a occasional bite of a chocolate bar . sitting four row back and on the other side of the aisle , jesse , also mid-twenty , be engross in klaus kinski 's memoir , all I need be Love . casually good look but a little scruffy , he dress in the jeans and T-shirt mode . suddenly a couple , two fortyish type who have be argue semiquietly in the seat behind celine , start yell at each other in german . the wife take a swipe at the newspaper the husband have be screen he behind . wife will you put down that damn newspaper and listen to I ? husband what have I be do the last thirty minute ? would you shut up for chrissake ? wife you shut up ! how dare you tell I to shut up ! it 's the same damn thing all over again ! I can not believe -- husband I say shut up ! I be put down my newspaper and tell you to shut up . celine suddenly get up , grab she bag , and start look for another seat . a few row back , she find a seat across the aisle from jesse . before sit down , they make brief eye contact and kind of shake they head and smile at the tension . just as she settles in and go back to she book , the wife get up and storm down the aisle . jesse and celine follow she with they eye , and as she pass they , they find they be look right at each other . he make a funny '' uh - oh '' face . jesse do you have any idea what they be argue about ? do you speak English ? celine yes . but no , I do not know . my german be not that good . ( a beat ) have you ever hear that as couple get older they lose they ability to hear each other ? jesse really ? celine supposedly man lose they ability to hear higher - pitch sound and woman eventually lose hearing on the low end . I guess they sort of nullify each other or something . jesse must be nature 's way of allow couple to grow old together and not kill each other , I guess . there 's a slightly awkward moment where they do not know if they should continue talk or not . she glance back down at she book but he keep look at she . jesse ( cont 'd ) what be you read ? she hold up the book so he can see what it be . celine how about you ? he show she what he 's read . neither have much to say about the other 's read material . celine ( cont 'd ) there be so many weird people on the train , no ? last week on my way to budapest I be sit and talk with four other people in the lounge car and it turn out that three of they have kill people . jesse no way . celine really . one be a war veteran , one have murder she boyfriend , and another have cause a bad car wreck . jesse so you be the only one who have not kill anyone ? celine no , I be one of they . which one do you think ? she laugh and he slowly join she . jesse I know what you mean . I have meet some weirdo . there be this british guy sit across from I the other day who keep throw he body against the back of he chair , yell about how we should all join together and stop the train . he be say , '' everybody , now , we can stop technology . all together ... '' celine so what happen ? he demonstrate by throw he body against he seat . jesse and you know , I and a few other try for a while , but we could not stop technology . the wife who storm away earlier suddenly come back and the argument resume , right in front of they . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be think about go to the lounge car sometimes soon . you wanna go ? celine we better . they get up and walk to the door of they car . he push the door OPEN button , and as the door open , he extend he hand toward she . jesse oh , I be jesse . it 's James , actually , but my whole life everyone 's call I jesse . celine so it 's jesse James ? jesse no , just jesse . celine celine . they proceed through the door and celine push the door OPEN button to enter the next car . there be some confusion as to who be open the door for whom before celine proceed and jesse follow she toward the lounge car . int . lounge car - afternoon 2 they sit at a table , eat chip and take a occasional swig from a drink . jesse so how do you speak such good English ? celine I go to school for a summer in Los Angeles and I have spend some time in London . how do you speak such good English ? jesse I be american . celine I know . it 's a joke . I know you be american , and , of course , you do not speak any other language . jesse yeah , yeah , I be the dumb , vulgar american who have no culture . but I try . I want you to know I take four year of french . I try , I be ready . when I be in Paris , I be stand in line at the metro go , '' un billet , s’il vous plait . ( more ) jesse ( cont 'd ) un billet , s’il vous plait . '' and then I get up to the window , I look up at the lady and blank out . '' uh , uh , I need a ticket for the subway . '' no more french for I . ( a beat ) so where be you head ? celine back to Paris . my class start next week . jesse where do you go to school ? celine La sorbonne . you know ? jesse sure . but you be in budapest ? celine yeah , I be visit my grandmother . jesse how be she ? celine okay . how about you - where be you go ? jesse Vienna . celine what 's there ? jesse I do not know . I be fly out of there tomorrow morning . celine be you on a holiday ? jesse I do not know what I be on . I have just be travel around the last two or three week . celine be you visit friend , or just go around on you own ? jesse I visit a friend in Madrid for a while , but mostly I have just be ... ( new think ) I get one of that eurail pass , and you know what 's fascinating about travel around ? you spend all this time try to reach you destination , you get there , you look around , it 's never exactly what you have hope , you head off somewhere else , and hope for something better . celine it 's like get ready for a party , get there , and fall asleep . that 's why when I be travel I kind of force myself not to expect anything from anywhere or anyone . and then , whatever happen be a surprise . the most insignificant thing can become a endless subject of interest , no ? jesse that 's what I like about travel - you can sit down , maybe talk to someone interesting , see something beautiful , read a good book , and that 's enough to qualify a good day . you do that at home and everyone think you be a bum . celine I like that though . but it 's like my favorite american writer . they describe everything you would not want to live through , and yet you can not stop read of this exciting , boring life . jesse so what do you study ? celine literature . but I have not decide yet what I really want to do . jesse do you want to write ? celine yeah , but ... ( new think ) I kind of have this obsession a few year ago about create a new form of expression . it be of course a abstract and lose quest , but I be feel all art form seem use up . I be especially rejecting word . they seem so rusted and dirty . and they have be use for such evil end . sometimes , you know , language be so limited . it 's like ... if you think about it ... she hold she hand out fairly wide and round . celine ( cont 'd ) this be a individual 's mental experience and perception and ... she hold she hand together and form a small circle . celine ( cont 'd ) this be how much can be express through language . we just do not have word for so many of the impression we have . she part she hand and gesture to the large outer circle . celine ( cont 'd ) so most of we life we will never be able to express to anyone . they sit there for a extend moment , neither sure what to say next . suddenly jesse smile and jokingly start to get up . jesse so I guess ... that 's it - it 's be nice not communicate with you . they both laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) really , though , I basically agree with you , and maybe it 's a sad face of life , but I think it do not bother I that much . maybe I be wrong about this , but I think that lack of communication frustrate woman more than man . celine yes , because man be perfectly content to sit in front of tv all day drink beer and watch sport . jesse yeah , that 's true , but have you ever do that ? I do it once with a friend of mine . drank some beer , have some chip , and watch a couple of game . it be the first time in year I literally jump for joy . on some level it 's stick you head in the sand , but on another I think it must serve some tribal purpose . celine I actually agree with you . I kind of like sport . it 's one of this few time when man be treat like stupid object ... I be joke . so you have not tell I what you do . be you still in school ? jesse Nah , I never graduate from college . celine be you work ? jesse I have a stupid job like everyone else . celine be it boring ? you be not happy ? jesse no , it 's a decent job . I do not get pay that much . I do not do that much . celine so what be the job ? jesse I write for a newspaper , the Fort Worth Star - telegram , and pretty much get to do what I want there creatively , so it 's okay . celine so you write ? jesse kinda . celine so have this trip be good for you ? jesse yeah . I mean , on one level , it suck , but sit on a train and stare out the window for day on end have actually be kind of great . celine what do you mean ? jesse I have have a idea I probably would never have have otherwise . can I tell you about it ? celine yes . jesse some friend of mine be this cable access producer - you know , anyone can produce a program , and they have to show it . I get really jazze about it . I imagine a show I want to produce that would last a entire year , twenty - four hour a day . I want to get 365 different video producer around the world to each make they own twenty - four - hour-lo document of real time , capture life around they just as it be live . so it have be people waking up , take a long shower , get a cup of coffee and read the paper for twenty minute , a long drive to work . celine you mean all that boring , mundane thing everyone have to do every day of they life ? jesse I be go to say the poetry of day - to - day life . ( more ) 10 . jesse ( cont 'd ) I mean , why be you dog so great just for sleep in the sun ? and a guy get money out of a bank machine be a moron ? celine so you can put on the tv at any time of the day and see what other people be do at the same time . jesse right . it 's like parallel life . celine that 's great . I once live ina big apartment I be share with friend , and we could see ten other apartment from the window . I would cut down the light , sit at the window , and watch they sit on a couch do nothing . it be fascinating . jesse that 's the trick . life be not really about drama . that we all do the same shit and go to some market in Arabia be the same as go to kmart in Miami . people believe they be miss out , that everyone else have this great and exciting life and they do not . I mean , we all have to get dress , feed the kid , get we driver 's licence renew , look up what time the afternoon matinee start , lose ourselves in entertainment , lose ourselves in sex , routine , get a little too drunk , buy a present for someone you do not like very much - you feel guilty about not like they , so you spend a little too much money . celine so , it 's like a National geographic program on people . jesse exactly . 11 . celine I can see it : twenty - four boring hour and a three - minute sex scene where he fall asleep right after . jesse exactly . and that would be a exciting episode . maybe you and you friend can do one of that episode from Paris . the key to make this work would be in the distribution . get the tape from town to town on time ... but it would play continuously twenty - four hour for a year on station around the world . the waiter finally arrive and give they the menus . int . lounge car - late afternoon some time have pass . they have dirty dish in front of they . they seem more relaxed with each other , more forthright , less self - conscious , a little more intimate . celine my parent have never really speak of the possibility of my fall in love or get marry or have child . even as a little girl , they want I to think about a future career as a tv newscaster , or a dentist , or something like that . jesse ( smile ) anchorwoman ... celine yeah , I would say to my dad I want to be a writer and he have say journalist . I would say I want to have a refuge for stray cat and he would say veterinarian . I would say I want to be a actress and he have say tv newscaster . it be this constant conversion of my fanciful ambition into practical moneymake venture . 12 . jesse Parents just want you to have a nice career so they can tell they friend something interesting . ( a beat ) I musta have a pretty decent bullshit detector when I be a kid . I always know when they be lie to I . by the time I be in highschool , I be dead set on listen to what everyone think I should be do with my life and then almost systematically do the opposite . they be not really mean about it . all they typical ambition sound so mediocre . celine if you have parent that never fully contradict anything you want to do and be basically nice and supportive , it make it harder to officially complain . even when they be wrong . it 's this passive - aggressive shit . I can not stand it . jesse take a swig of water and chew some ice . jesse yeah , but despite plenty of bullshit , I still remember be a kid as a magical time . ( a beat ) I remember my mom explain death to I , and tell I that my great - — grandmother in Florida have die . the whole family have just visit they . I must have be three , three and a half year old . anyway , I be play in the backyard a day or so later , and my sister have teach I how to spray the garden hose into the sun and see a rainbow . well , I be spraying it and through the mist I could see my great - grandmother stand there , just kind of smile , look at I . I just hold the hose in that position for a long time and look at she . finally , I take my thumb off the nozzle , let the hose go , and she disappear . ( more ) 13 . jesse ( cont 'd ) my parent give I this rap about how I imagine it and how when people die you never see they again . but , I know what I have see , and even though I have never see anything like that since , I have never really be very afraid of death . celine that 's good you can have that attitude toward death . I think I be afraid of death twenty - four hour a day . that 's why I be on the train . I could have fly to Paris . I be just afraid of fly . even though statistic say it 's safer , I can not help it . when I be sit in a plane , I already can see a explosion , I fall through the cloud . I be so afraid of the few second of consciousness before die . I mean , when you know for sure you be gonna die . I can not help anticipate the worst . like , I be in the park with this friend of mine . there be little kid play around . this mother be throw she child up in the air . my friend be smile and think it be so wonderful , and all I could think of be she drop it . I could already see all the blood on the ground . the big panic , the mother cry ... I think like this all the time . it 's exhaust . we see out the window that the train be pull into Vienna . celine ( cont 'd ) this be Vienna . you get off here , no ? jesse drag . I wish I would have meet you earlier . I really like talk to you . celine it be really nice talk to you , too . 14 . jesse I have hardly talk to anyone in week . ext . train station - late afternoon the train come to a final stop . the door open and soon everyone be unboard and board . int . lounge car - late afternoon with a slight smile , jesse look intensely at celine . jesse I have a admittedly insane think . if I do not ask you this , it will be one of that thing that will haunt I forever . celine what ? he just look at she a little nervously and can not say it . she be truly intrigue and a little excited at what he 's struggle with . celine ( cont 'd ) what ? jesse I want to keep talk with you . I mean , I have no idea what you situation be , but I feel some kind of ... connection . celine yeah , I too . jesse so how about this . okay , good ... I want you to get off she in Vienna with I . we can check out the town . she smile at the think but be not totally sure . celine so what would we do ? 15 . jesse I do not know . all I know be I be get on this Austria Airlines flight at nine- thirty tomorrow morning and I can not really afford a hotel and we will probably just wander around all night . if I turn out to be a psycho , you can bail out anytime and get back on the next train , right ? she 's still think but do not respond . jesse ( cont 'd ) think of it like this . jump ahead ten , twenty year . you marriage just do not have that same energy anymore . you start to blame you husband . you think of all the guy you have meet and all the one you never pursue and how thing might have be different if you have just pick up with one of they . well , I be one of they . you can consider this travel back in time , to see what you be miss . see , this be really a big favor to both you and you future husband - it 's a chance to see how you really have not miss anything . that I be just as boring and unmotivate as he be , hopefully more . she smile a little , ponder the situation , and then just stand up . celine I be not sure if I get all the story , but let I get my bag . ext . train station - late afternoon 6 he get off the train with he bag and start walk , not fully aware she 's not right behind he . she have hesitate slightly and pause at the top of the stair . after glance back briefly , she look ahead and proceed with confidence . int . train station - late afternoon 7 Inside the busy train station lobby , they stop at a change machine and exchange currency . 16 . int . train station - late afternoon he finish put he stuff in a locker . she open a locker and stuff she bag in . celine you know what this make I think of ? jesse what ? celine all that people you briefly intersect with , maybe make eye contact with , and then pass by . jesse yes , we could have do that . now it 's like ... celine no matter what happen , we have meet . jesse just smile and offer up he open hand . she touch she hand to he and there be a slow clasp and a slight pull toward one another . jesse that we have . ext . bridge - day walk along in silence , they both be observe what be around they and eventually look back at each other . fully realize they be now commit to one another in some strange way , there be a awkward silence . celine it 's such a strange feel . when we be talk on the train , it 's like we be in public - there be people around we . now that we be actually walk around Vienna , it 's like we be all alone . jesse I know . it feel a little awkward . I be not sure what we should be do . he put he hand on she shoulder and look right at she . 17 . jesse ( cont 'd ) but this be okay , though , right ? celine yes , this be great . let 's go to some place . look at you little book . he pull out a little pamphlet / map and start look through it . jesse good . right . we be in Vienna and we be go to go place . just then two local passersby , tex and karl , walk past they . jesse stop they . jesse ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . sprechen sie English ? karl yah , of course . tex perhaps you speak german for a change ? jesse what ? tex it be a joke . tex look over at Karl , both in on it . jesse we just get into Vienna and we be look for something fun to do ... celine yeah , be there any museum we should see or anything ? tex museum be not exactly fun this day . Karl look at he watch . karl and they be all close right now , anyway . how long be you go to be here ? 18 . jesse just tonight . tex why do you come to Vienna ? what could you be expect ? celine we be on we honeymoon ... jesse yeah , she 's pregnant , so we decide to go ahead and get marry . tex I do not believe you . you be not very good at lie . celine and jesse laugh while tex and Karl talk amongst themselves in german . tex ( cont 'd ) do you have the flier ? karl yeah , I 'il give they one . Karl dig in he pocket and hand a flier to they . tex this be a play we be both in we have like you to come to . celine so you be actor ? tex not professional actor , but part - time for fun . karl it 's a play about a cow , and a indian search for it . it also have politician , mexican , Russians ... jesse you have a real cow onstage ? tex not a real cow . it 's a actor ina cow costume . 19 . karl and he 's the cow . tex yes , I be the cow . but it 's a weird cow . karl the cow have a disease . tex she 's act a bit strange ... act like a dog . if someone throw a stick , she fetch it . she also smoke , with she hoof . he demonstrate how one would smoke with a hoof instead of a hand . Karl point to the bottom of the flier . karl the address be on the flier . it 's in the second district ... tex near the prater ... karl yes , the place with the big ferris wheel . tex the big wheel everybody know ... karl perhaps you can go to the prater before the play . jesse so what 's the name of this play ? karl it translate as ... both '' bring I the horn of wilmington 's cow . '' jesse sound great . celine cool. 20 . tex put he index finger up by he head as everyone begin to walk away . tex I be the cow ... and you will be there ? jesse we will try to make it . 10 ext . between the museum - day 10 they sit on a bench near a statue , look up at the historic building and surroundings . jesse look at this - it 's beautiful . I mean , could you imagine a american architect say , '' hey , Bob , I have get a idea . why do not we put a giant angel on top of this building just for people to have something beautiful to look at . '' it might start out like that , but before too long it would be , '' sorry , hank , boss say nix on the giant angel . he 's think more along the line of a flagpole . '' celine Americans always think Europe be perfect . but such beauty and history can be really oppressive . it reduce the individual to nothing . it just remind you all the time you be just a little speck in a long history , where in America you feel like you could be make history . that 's why I like Los Angeles because it be so ... jesse Ugly ? celine no , I be go to say '' neutral . '' it 's like look at a blank canvas . ( a beat ) ( more ) 11 12 21 . celine ( cont 'd ) I think people go to place like Venice on they honeymoon to make sure they be not go to fight for the first two week of they marriage because they 'il be too busy look around at all the beautiful thing . that 's what people call a romantic place - somewhere where the prettiness with contain you primary violent instinct . a real good honeymoon spot would be like somewhere in New Jersey . ext . tram station - day 11 they come down the escalator and board a tram . int . tram - day 12 they be sit in the tram and observe everything go by . jesse okay , q&a time . we have know each other for a little while now , we be stick with each other , we can ask each other a few , you know , direct question . celine so we ask each other question ? jesse and you have to answer one hundred percent honestly . celine of course . celine pick up on the game he be talk about . jesse first question . describe you first sexual feeling toward someone . celine well , let I think ... Jean - Marc fleury . he think 22 . jesse Jean - Marc fleury ? celine we be at this summer camp together and he be a swimmer . he have that bleach - out , chlorine hair and green eye , and to improve he time , he have shave the hair off he leg and arm . so he be like this gorgeous dolphin . my friend Emma have a big crush on he , and one day I be cut across the field on my way back to my room , he come walk up beside I . I tell he he should ask Emma out because she have a big crush on he , and he say , '' that 's too bad , because I have a big crush on you . '' and it really scared the hell out of I because I think he be so fine . he officially ask I out on a date but I pretend that I do not like he because I be afraid of what I might do . but I go toa swim competition and watch he swim around . he be so sexy . at the end of the summer we sort of write this little declaration of love to each other and say we would keep write and for sure meet again soon . jesse do you ? celine of course not . jesse I think then this be the appropriate time to tell you I happen to be a excellent swimmer . celine okay , I 'il make a note , but it 's my turn to ask a question . have you ever be in love ? for a bit and then start in . jesse yes . okay , next question . what do you think be you -- 23 . celine wait a minute . we can give on - word answer ? jesse why not ? celine after I go into such detail about my first sexual feeling ? jesse but there 's a big difference between that two thing . I could tell you all about my first sexual feeling , no big deal . what if I ask you about love ? celine I would have lie , but at least I would have make a great story . jesse see . the whole concept of love be much more complex . Love 's like God or something : it 's everywhere ... I see it , I feel it , but I do not know if another person be go to hand it to I . celine unfortunately , I know what you mean . jesse for what it 's worth , my first sexual feeling be experience through a obsessive relationship with miss July , 1978 . you know playboy ? celine yes . jesse okay , name something that really piss you off . celine oh , gosh , everything piss I off . jesse like what ? 24 . celine I hate be tell by strange man to smile , just to make they feel better about they stupid life . I hate that three hundred kilometer away a war be go on . people be die . and nobody know what to do about it . I hate how the media try to control we mind . it 's a new form of very subtle fascism . and I hate in a foreign country each time I wear black or lose my temper or express a opinion about anything , everyone always go : '' oh , it 's so french , it 's so cute . '' oh , I hate that . they both laugh a bit at she become rile up so quickly . she calm down and ask he a question . celine ( cont 'd ) it 's my turn now . so what 's a problem for you ? jesse you , probably . celine huh ? jesse no , really , I have a think about a week ago that 's kind of a problem . celine what be it ? jesse do you believe in reincarnation ? celine on some level it 's interesting . jesse yeah . it seem like a lot of people be talk about past life and all that . and even if you do not believe in that in a specific way , most people have some notion of a eternal soul , right ? anyway , my think be , if we all have we origin at the beginning of human history in some way , where do all the current soul come from ? ( more ) 13 25 . jesse ( cont 'd ) the earth 's population fifty thousand year ago be not even a million people . ten thousand year ago , it be only a few million . now , the earth 's population be between five and six billion . that 's about a five- thousand - to - one split of each soul in just the last fifty thousand year , which be just a blip in the earth 's time . at best , we be just a tiny fraction of a soul . be that why we all feel so scattered ? celine so , that 's a problem ? jesse I know , it 's kind of a scattered think , which be all the more reason it make sense . int . record store - day 13 they enter the old , vinyl - only store and start to browse . jesse be that a listen booth over there ? celine yes , I think so . they keep look through album . she eventually find a album and hold it up to he . celine ( cont 'd ) have you ever hear of this singer ? jesse ( read ) no . celine I think she 's american . I have this friend in LA who tell I about she . I have never be able to find any of she stuff . I think it 's kind of folksy , lyrical stuff . jesse point across the store . 14 15 26 . jesse let 's see if that listen booth work . celine let 's try it . they walk over to the booth and enter . she take the album out and put it on the turntable . as the music start they both kind of lean against opposite wall in the small glass booth and concentrate on the song . song there 's a wind that blow in from the north and it say that loving take its course come here , come here no , I be not impossible to touch I have never want you so much come here . come here ... they glance subtly up at each other but usually not when the other be look . the song make both of they a little nervous as it bring out a shyness about the uncertainty of they relationship at that point . int . subway - day 14 they ride on a subway as it break out of a tunnel into sunlight . ext . nameless cemetery - day 15 they walk down the step toward the small cemetery . a rabbit run past they . celine I visit this as a young teenager . it leave a bigger impression on I at that time than any of the museum we go to . jesse it 's small . Inside , they wander around look at the mostly identical cross . 27 . celine yes . there be this little old man who talk to we . he be the groundskeeper . almost everyone bury here wash up on the bank where the danube curve away . jesse how old be this ? celine around the beginning of the century or so . it 's call Cemetery of the no name because they often do not really know who this people be . maybe a first name . jesse why be there so many body wash up on the bank of the danube ? celine I think some be from accident on boat and thing like that , but most of they be suicide that jump in the river . ( a beat ) I always like the idea of all this unknown people , lose in the world . when I be young I always think that if none of you family or friend know you be dead , then it 's like not really be dead . people can invent the best or the worst for you . she stop by one grave . celine ( cont 'd ) oh , here she be . this be the one I remember the most . she be thirteen when she die . that mean something to I because I be that age when I see this . now I be ten year older and she 's still ... thirteen , I guess . 16 ext . tram station - dusk 16 montage shot of they riding on the tram at dusk . 17 28 . ext . amusement park - sunset 17 they be in the huge old ferris wheel in the prater amusement park . they have a large box to themselves and walk around in it look at the various view . celine when I be up above everyone like this , I always think like the entire human race be this body , and we be all cell in the body . it 's a amazing , exquisite mess , no ? jesse yeah ... ( a beat ) I want to change the subject for a second . this could be a important moment . I do not know if you notice , but we be alone in this car . the sun be go down ... ( a beat ) before the night be over , be it safe to assume that we be go to kiss ? celine maybe . jesse maybe ? celine probably . jesse probably . then I propose we jump in time to that moment when we would naturally do that - probably a couple of hour from now after a certain amount of awkwardness and stuff - and bring that moment back to here and now , give this ideal surroundings . it will be a great way to remember not only we first kiss , but this great sunset , the ferris wheel , Vienna ... celine walk over to he and put she arm around he neck . celine how come every time you want I to do something , you start talk about time travel ? 29 . jesse okay , I think we should kiss right now . they begin kissing and the ferris wheel keep move . 18 ext . amusement park - night 18 walk along , they be in mid-conversation . celine but I do not think it matter what generation you be bear into . look at my parent . they be this angry young May ' 68 people revolting against everything - the government , they conservative Catholic background . I be bear not long after and my dad go on to become this successful architect and we begin to travel all over the world and I be raise with all the freedom they have fight for . and yet for I now , it 's another type of fight . we still have to deal with all the same shit . but you can not really know what or who the enemy be . jesse I do not know if there be a enemy . everyone 's parent fuck they up . they either leave they or stick around and teach they the wrong stuff . Rich kid 's parent give they too much , poor kid 's not enough . you either get too much attention or not enough . my parent be just this two people who do not like each other very much who get marry and have a kid . and they try to be nice to I . celine do you parent divorce ? jesse yeah , finally . they should have do it earlier , but they stick together for the well - be of my sister and I . thanks . ( a beat ) ( more ) 30 . jesse ( cont 'd ) you know , my mom once tell I , right in front of my father when they be in this big fight , that he be really , really piss off when he find out she be pregnant with I - that I be this big mistake . look back on it , I think that shape the way I think . I see the world as this place I be not really mean to be and have the people who create I have more control of the situation , I would not exist . celine but that 's so sad . jesse I think I eventually find a comfort in that . like my life be my own do or something . celine my parent be still together and I think they be happy . but I think it 's a healthy process to rebel against you parent and everything that come before . in a certain way , more than rebel , it 's to have the feel that we be find a new way to deal with love , sex , society , everything . we should always have to reinvent and make it we own . they walk in silence , just take in all around they for a few moment . a couple walk by , but both be completely in they own world . celine ( cont 'd ) I have be wonder lately ... do you know anyone who 's in a happy relationship ? jesse yeah , I know happy couple , but it seem like they have to lie to each other . celine people can live they whole life as a lie . ( more ) 31 . celine ( cont 'd ) my grandmother be marry to this man , and I always think she have a very simple , uncomplicate love life . but she just confess to I that she spend she life dream about another man she be always in love with . she just accept she fate . I be so sad . but I also find it very beautiful that she have all that emotion I never think she would have have . jesse I guarantee you that it be better that way . have she get to know he , he would have disappointed she eventually . celine how do you know ? you do not know who they be . jesse I know . it 's just people have all this romantic projection . celine what do you mean , Mr. romantic up in the ferris wheel kiss I now as the sun be go down ...? jesse ( interrupt ) all right , all right . what about you grandmother ? finish you think . celine it just amaze I that I have spend over twenty year of my life around she and I do not know she . jesse you know she , but no one really know anyone . that 's the thing about relationship - people be always say , '' I want to know you , I want to know who you be . '' but it be so hard for anyone to even know themselves . who I be be always change , so how can anyone else share in that ? 19 32 . celine so that 's it ? it 's be nice not know you . they look over and see several elderly couple riding the bumper car . ext . kleine cafe - night 19 they be sit at a table in a sparsely populate outdoor café . jesse look around briefly and then suddenly lean over and kiss a slightly surprised celine . jesse I just want to kiss you again . celine sort of smile and shrug she shoulder when a rose peddler suddenly approach they . she be a older gypsy - look woman and hold up she bunch of rose toward jesse . rose peddler ( in german ) you buy a rise for the young lady ? jesse smile and dig in he pocket . jesse sure , how many schilling ? rose peddler twenty . as jesse hand she the coin and she give he the rise , she suddenly turn all she attention to celine . she impulsively grab she hand and intensely start look at she palm . rose peddler ( cont ’d ) you want you palm read ? celine sure . celine look over at jesse , who roll he eye , feel a little invade . she flash he a '' I want to do this , do not spoil it '' look . rose peddler hmmm . uhh-huuh . so you have be on a journey and you be a stranger to this place . you be a adventurer ... a seeker ... and adventurer in you mind . 33 . celine be engross and occasionally nod . rose peddler ( cont ’d ) you be interested in the power of the woman . in a woman 's deep strength and creativity . you be become this woman . ( a beat ) you need to resign yourself to the awkwardness of life . only if you find peace within yourself will you find true connection with other . the rise peddler look up at jesse and gesture to he . rose peddler ( cont ’d ) this be a stranger to you , yes ? celine well , yeah , I guess . the rise peddler authoritatively reach for jesse 's hand , which he awkwardly offer up . she examine he hand thoroughly , flip it over , examine he thumb , and let he take it back . rose peddler ( to celine ) you will be alright ( a beat ) he be learn . ( a beat ) okay ? celine thank you . that be good . celine get up and hand the woman several coin . as she walk away , the older lady add one last bit . rose peddler you be both star , do not forget . when the star explode billion of year ago , they form everything that be this world . the moon , the tree , everything we know be stardust . so do not forget . you be stardust . they walk away , and celine be fill with the experience but jesse look a little annoyed . the more he build up to a rant , the more amused she seem to get . jesse that 's all nice and everything , we be stardust and all that , and you be become this great woman , but I hope you do not think that 's much different than read you horoscope in some syndicate daily paper . celine well , she know I be on vacation and that we do not know each other and that I be go to become this great woman . jesse ( interrupt ) and what be that '' I be learn '' bullshit ? that 's waaay condescending - she be not even do I , and I even buy that fuck rise from she . ( start rant ) if opportunist like that would ever tell the real truth , it would put they ass out of business . ( new think ) just once I want to see some old lady save up she money , and just as she 's about to hear all this great stuff , the fortune teller would say , ( wide - eye stare ) '' tomorrow and all you remain day will be a lot like today , a tedious collection of hour . you will have no new passion , travel , or thought . when you die you will be forget . two hundred schilling , please . '' that I have like to see . celine play with he . celine so it 's funny how she almost do not notice you . I love what she say . jesse of course you do . you pay you money , you get to hear something that make you feel good . ( more ) 34 . 20 21 22 35 . jesse ( cont 'd ) hey , maybe there 's some seedy section of Vienna where you can buy a hit of crack . celine continue to laugh at he . ext . STREET - night 20 as they be walk , celine notice a poster for a upcoming exhibit of seurat 's drawing . celine oh , man , this do not start until next week - we will miss it . she motion to one of the drawing on the poster . celine ( cont 'd ) I actually see this one at a museum a few year ago . I just stare and stare at it - must have be forty - five minute . jesse cool . celine I love the way the people seem to be dissolve into the background . it 's like the environment be stronger than the people . his human figure always seem so transitory . ext . cathedral - night 21 as they walk down the street , they wander up the step to a large cathedral . they check to see if the door be open . it be , and they go inside . int . cathedral - night 22 they enter to find it completely empty but with hundred of candle still burn . in the background we hear the sound of the organ be tune . jesse too bad it be not daytime so we could see the stain glass window better . 36 . celine I be in a old church like this one with my grandmother in budapest a few day ago . even though I reject most of the religious thing , I can not help but feel for all that people that come here lose , or in pain , guilt - who come here look for answer . it fascinate I how a single place can join so much pain and happiness , for so many generation . jesse so you be pretty close to you grandmother . celine yes , I think so . I think it 's because I have always have this feel that I be this very old woman , lay down , about to die , and she last thought be the remembrance of she youth and she life . I feel like my life be just she memory or something . jesse that 's wild . I always feel like I be still this thirteen - year- old boy who do not really know how to be a adult . so it 's like I be pretend to live a life , take note for when I 'il really have to do it . kind of like a dress rehearsal for a junior high play . celine that 's funny . so up there in the ferris wheel it be this very old woman kissing this very young boy . jesse get you head out of the gutter . ( new think ) do you know anything about the quaker ? celine no , not much . 37 . jesse it 's really cool . I go to this quaker wedding once , and do you know how they do it ? the couple kneel down in the middle of the church in front of everyone , and they stare at each other . nobody speak unless God move they to say something - a bless , a warning , nothing , whatever . and then after a hour of stare into each other 's eye , they be marry . celine that 's beautiful . I like that . they stare at each other for a extend moment . he suddenly have a new think and smile . jesse gosh , this be kind of a horrible story , but maybe this be a appropriate place to tell it . I be drive around with this buddy of mine who 's this big atheist , and we come to a stop where there be this homeless guy hold up a sign say he need a job or something . my friend hold out a hundred - dollar bill to he and ask , '' do you believe in God ? '' the guy look at he , look at the money , and say , '' yes , I do . '' my friend go , '' wrong answer , '' and drive away . celine that 's so mean . ext . outdoor cafe - night 23 as the rain fall , they run for cover , find a seat under a huge umbrella in a outdoor café . ext . STREET - night 24 they walk along . jesse would you be in Paris yet if you have not get off the train ? 38 . celine no , not yet . and what would you be do ? jesse I do not know - hang out at the airport , read old magazine , cry in my coffee because you would not get off the train with I . celine abh ... she give he a little kiss . celine ( cont 'd ) actually , I would probably have get off the train in salzburg with someone else . jesse yeah , yeah . I be just that american decorate you blank canvas . celine no , no . I be have a great time . jesse really ? I too . celine I be glad . I love this because no one know I be here and I do not know anyone that know you that would tell I all the bad thing you have do . jesse I can tell you some . celine I be sure . you hear so much shit about people . when I start dating a guy , I always feel like a general in the army - you know , plotting my strategy and maneuverings , know he weak point , what would hurt he , seduce he ... ( a beat ) but if we be around each other all the time , what would be the first thing about I that would drive you crazy ? 39 . jesse I do not want to answer that . I date this girl once who use to always ask I that . finally , I tell she that I think that she do not handle criticism very well . then she fly into a rage and break up with I . but I think she really just want the chance to say what she think be wrong with I . so just tell I what it be about I that bug you . celine no , there 's nothing . jesse tell I . c’mon , what ? celine I can not think of anything . jesse I be demand you say something . celine actually , if I think about it , I do not like this kind of behavior back at the palm reader . you be like this little rooster prick . jesse rooster prick ? what the hell be that ? celine yes , you be like this little child whining because all the attention be not focus on he . jesse what be you talk about ? this woman rob you blind ... celine you be act like a little boy walk by a ice cream shop , cry because he mother would not buy he a milk shake or something . jesse wait a second . I do not care what this flower - peddle charlatan have to say about anything . 40 . a man , the homeless poet , approach they . homeless poet ( in german ) I would like to ask you something . celine uh , I speak okay , but he do not at all . homeless poet ( in English ) okay , then . I have like to make a deal with you guy . instead of just ask for money , I 'il ask you for a word . I will then write a poem in which that word will be use . I x11 write it in English . if you like it , if you feel it add something to you life in any way , then you can pay I whatever you feel like . celine and jesse okay , it 's a deal . homeless poet pick a word . jesse uhh ... ( to celine ) what word ? celine milk shake . jesse flash she a look . jesse I be go to say '' rooster prick . '' but perfect , of course , milk shake . the poet walk off a way and start write . celine I like what he say about add something to you life . jesse I know . hey , be we just argue back there ? 41 . celine no , no ... jesse yeah , I think we be . celine even if we be , why do everyone think conflict be so bad ? good thing can come out of conflict . jesse I guess so . I think if I could just accept the fact that life be suppose to be difficult , and that 's what 's to be expect , then I would not get so piss off about it . I have just be happy when something nice happen . celine I think that 's why I be still in school . it 's easier to have something to fight against . jesse and we have all have this competitiveness drill into we . ( think ) I mean , I can be do the most nothing thing - shoot pool or play dart socially - and I 'il feel it come over I : I want to win , I want to do the best I can , and my standard suddenly shift to just beyond my ability . I can hear every coach or male teacher or boss I ever have . '' jesse , you be not try hard enough ! get you head out of you ass ! hustle up ! '' celine be that why you try to get I off the train ? competitiveness ? jesse what do you mean ? celine to make sure the guy behind you do not pick I up ? where you compete with he ? 42 . jesse what guy ? celine that really cute , big , strong , italian - look guy two seat behind you that be smile at I the whole time . jesse he 's better-look than I ? the homeless poet return with a small piece of paper . celine ( to jesse ) c'est la vie . homeless poet I have you poem . celine will you read it to we ? homeless poet sure. ( read poem ) daydream delusion limousine eyelash oh baby with you pretty face drop a tear in my wineglass look at that big eye on you face see what you mean to I sweet cake and milk shake I be a delusion angel I be a fantasy parade I want you to know what I think do not want you to guess anymore you have no idea where I come from we have no idea where we be go lodge in life like branch in a river flow downstream catch in the current I will carry you you carry I that 's how it could be do not you know I do not you know I by now they be both silent . 43 . celine wow ... they give he some money . jesse thanks , man . good luck . celine it 's beautiful , no ? jesse yeah , that be beautiful . you know , he do not just write that poem ... I be not say he do not write that poem . he just do not write it tonight . he just plugge in that milk shake . celine what do you mean ? jesse nothing . it 's a nice poem . they walk away . 25 ext . STREET - night 25 they continue walk along . celine I want to ask you something . do you consider I detach ? jesse detach from what ? celine someone once call I this detach intellectual . I be afraid I be like that . I comment too much on thing and maybe do not feel close enough to anything . jesse I do not feel that way about you at all . whoever say that be a asshole . 44 , celine no , but it 's my biggest fear . to be one of that people with that sort of academic , liberal , detach view of everything . that whole attitude have nothing to do with really live . jesse who 's to say what 's really live ? celine well , I wonder . that 's the big question , no ? I think it 's either a life experience or a life examine . but life examine be life experience . ( a beat ) maybe if I have none of this stupid artistic pretension at all , I would be look at the world differently . jesse I know what you mean . celine what 's that Thomas Mann quote ? '' TI would rather participate in life than write a hundred storey . '' jesse hmmm , I like that . ( a beat ) I know this guy once , this kind of nerdy goth -rock guy . and he be crossing the street one day , and he get hit by a car . we all go to see he in the hospital , and he be go to be okay and everything , but he tell we that he strongest sensation from the accident be the joy he feel when he realize that finally something be actually happen to he . they both laugh . celine yeah , it 's like see yourself from a third - person perspective . I always feel like I be observe my life instead of live it . ( more ) 26 27 28 45 . celine ( cont 'd ) at my grandfather 's funeral , even though I love he , it seem everyone else be mourn and I be too busy observe they ; each of they be like a paragraph of a book I might write someday , describe every emotion in detail . jesse I know . I remember when I be young listen to my parent fight and feel like I be in a after-school special on tv . think I should act moody , or depressed . I should steal some cigarettes and sunglass , get catch , and then blame it on the fact that I come from a troubled home . celine yeah , I think I be always so much more happy with book and movie and stuff . I think I get more excited about well - do representation of life than life itself . ext . hot dog stand - night 26 they walk up to viennese hot dog stand and order something to drink . they notice some of the interesting character hang around , include the man behind the corner . int . cafe - night 27 they enter a interesting old café . celine go to the bathroom while jesse wait . separate from she for the first time , he stand around a bit awkwardly , observe poster and the going - on in the café . she eventually return and they exit the café . ext . arena club - night 28 they walk in front of a bar / club from which there be music come out . jesse you want to go in ? 29 46 . celine yeah . be there a cover ? jesse it 's cheap . i’11l pay . celine do not worry about it . I have get some cash . int . arena club - night 29 a singer with a guitar be onstage finish up a weird but humorous song . he finish and get up to leave . singer ( in german ) hey , um , stick around . I think Liz be go to show she latest film and provide some verbal accompaniment . a projector be set up to show against the back wall of the stage . the filmmaker , liz , take the microphone and sit on the stage face the screen . she have a piece of paper in she hand and signal for the projectionist to start . the room darken and the film begin . behind the first black - and - white Super 8 image be the title scratch in white , in german : a kind of noise and a kind of silence . the film consist of image of fairly recent ( 1985 - 1994 ) event , band play , catastrophes , televise image . intersperse throughout be a eerie series of image of solitary individual , some look at the camera , some away . the film evoke a melancholy and almost romantic loneliness . she speak in german and we read subtitles . liz we critique begin , as all critique begin , with doubt ... doubt become we life . our be a quest for a new story , we own , and we grasp toward this new history , drive by the dada suspicion that ordinary language could not tell it . ( a beat ) we past appear freeze in the distance and we every gesture and accent bespoke the negation of a old world and the reach for a new one . ( a beat ) ( more ) 30 47 . liz ( cont 'd ) the discovery of a true communication be what it be about - or at least the quest for such a communication , the adventure of find it and lose it ... we continue look , the unappease and the unaccept , beneath , outside , disperse , communicate only by a pass glance but still know that no matter how empty the world seem , no matter how degrade and use up the world appear to be , anything be still possible . scratch on the film for a close credit : to begin again , from the beginning . int . bar inside the arena compound - night 30 they be take turn play pinball . jesse so , we have not even talk about this , but , uh , be you dating anyone ? you get a boyfriend wait for you in Paris or anything like that ? celine no , no , not right now ... jesse you do ? celine we break up over six month ago . jesse I be sorry . I mean , I be not that sorry , but , uh , tell I about it . celine no , no , it 's boring . I can not jesse c'mon , c'mon . celine I be really disappointed . I think this one would last a while . ( more ) 48 . celine ( cont 'd ) he be very stupid , ugly , bad in bed , alcoholic - I be kind of give he a favor . but he leave I say I love he too much and because I be block he artistic expression . I be traumatize and become totally obsessed with he . I go to see a shrink and it come up that I have write this little storey about how I be go to kill he - all the intricate detail about how I would do it and not get catch . jesse kill he ? she realize jesse be look at she a bit strangely . celine oh no , it 's nothing I would ever do , I think it be just some write . jesse I understand . celine anyway , but this stupid shrink believe everything I be tell she . she say she have to call the police . she be totally convinced I be really go to do it even though I tell she it be just my way of deal with it . she say , look deep into my eye , '' the way you say it , I know you be go to do it . '' that be my first and last session . I totally get over he , but now I be obsessed that he 's go to die from a accident , maybe a thousand kilometer away , and I will be accuse . jesse just smile . they change position and she begin play . celine ( cont 'd ) why be it you become obsessed with the people you do not really care for ? ( a beat ) so , what about you ? be you with anyone ? 49 . jesse funny , how we avoid this question for so long . celine I know , but now you have to tell I . jesse I do not know . Love be like this escape for people who have not learn to be alone or to make something of themselves . people think love be this unselfish or totally give thing . but if you think about it , there 's probably nothing more selfish . celine so who just break up with you ? jesse what ? celine sound like you just get hurt . jesse okay ... big confession . ( a beat ) actually , I x11 tell you something . I do not just come to Europe to find myself and read hemingway in Paris and shit like that . I work all spring save up money to fly to Madrid to spend the summer with my girlfriend , who 's be on this asinine art history program for the last year . but I get over here , and on we first night , reunite at long last , we go out to dinner , with five of she friend : gonzalo , pedro , Maria , Antonio , suzie from home . she pretty much avoid be alone with I the first couple of day I be there , but I stick around awhile just to let it sink in that she wish I have not come . so I get the cheapest charter flight out of Europe , this one leave out of Vienna tomorrow , but I have a couple of week to kill , so I buy a eurail pass . ( a beat ) ( more ) 50 . jesse ( cont 'd ) you know what the worst thing about someone break up with you be ? remember how little you really think about the people you break up with and realize that 's how little they be think about you . you like to think you be both in so much pain , but really they be just relieved you be go . celine well , you should look at bright color . jesse what ? celine that 's what that shrink tell I . I be pay nine hundred francs a hour to hear that I be a homicidal maniac but I could perhaps shift my obsession if I would concentrate on bright color . jesse do it work ? celine I have not kill he yet . 31 ext . STREET - night 31 walk along , they be engage in a upbeat , lively debate . jesse I mean , why be a man ultimately judge so harshly on the issue of fidelity ? you can be the best father and husband , you can be supportive and a great friend to you wife , but if you fuck around - uh-oh , we have it all wrong , you be really a loser . I mean , there be this breed of monkey , and all they do be have sex all the time . and they be the one that be the most peaceful and the most happy . what 's so bad about fool around ? celine you be talk about monkey ? 51 . jesse yeah . celine sound like a perfect male argument for justify they fool around . jesse but the woman monkey be fool around too . celine you know , I have this awful paranoid think that feminism be mostly invent by man so they could fuck around more . woman , free you mind , free you body , sleep with I , we be all free and happy as long as I can fool around as much as I want ... jesse but think about it . if you have a island with ninety - nine woman and one man , within a year you would have the possibility of ninety - nine baby . if you have a island with ninety - nine man and one woman , after a year you have have the possibility of one baby . celine yes , and there have probably be only about forty - three man leave because they would have kill each other . and on the other island there would be ninety - nine woman , ninety - nine baby , and no man because all the woman would have get together and eat he alive . jesse there 's something to that , be not there ? I think woman do not mind kill man on some level . like , I be walk down the street once with my ex-girlfriend , and we pass this four thuggy guy lean on a camaro , and sure enough , one say , '' hey babe , nice ass . '' I keep walk and I think , okay , have you fun , be it that big a deal ? I do not do anything . I let it slide ... 32 52 . celine plus there be four of they . jesse exactly . so a few step later , she turn and say , '' fuck you , dickhead . '' I be think , wait a minute , they be not go to come over and kick she ass . who 's just be push to the front of the line on this one ? see , woman say they hate it when you get all territorial and protective , but when it suit they , they tell you you be be all unmanly and a wimp . celine but I do not think woman want to kill man , and if they do , they rarely succeed . I be sure man kill more woman . anyway , this be depress . you know what ? jesse let 's stop talk about this . celine yeah . when you start talk about woman and man , there 's no end . jesse I know - it 's a skip record . people have be try to figure it out for millennium . every artist have try they hand at it ... celine and no one 's come up with anything . int . cafe - night 32 after a series of table of interesting people and hearing bit of conversation , we see celine and jesse sit across from each other , talk for once . celine okay . now I be call my best friend in Paris , who I be suppose to have lunch with in about eight hour . drrr ! drrr! Ring ! Ring ! pick up . 53 . jesse what ? celine pick up the phone . jesse oh , right . hello ? celine allo , vani . c’est celine . comment ga va ? jesse Bien , et toi ? celine oh , tu sais ce qui n’est arrivé ... jesse okay , maybe we should do it in English . celine vanessa . I be sorry I miss lunch , but I meet a guy on the train and get off with he in Vienna . we be still here . jesse be you crazy ? celine probably . jesse so he 's austrian ? he life there ? celine no , no , he 's just pass through here too . he 's american . he go home tomorrow morning . jesse so why have you get off the train with he ? celine he convinced I , but I think I be ready after only talk to hima short while . he be so sweet . ( more ) 54 . celine ( cont 'd ) we be in the lounge car and he begin to talk about he as a little boy see he great - grandmother 's ghost . I think that 's when I feel for he - just the idea of this little boy , full of dream . he trap I . jesse hmmm . celine and he 's so cute . he have really beautiful blue eye , nice pink lip , and greasy hair . he 's kinda tall and a little clumsy . I like to feel he eye on I when I look away . and he kind of kiss like a adolescent . it 's so cute . jesse what ? celine yeah , we kiss . it be so adorable . as the night go on I begin to like he more and more . but I be afraid he 's scared of I . I tell he of my story about the woman kill she ex-boyfriend and stuff . he must be think I be this manipulative , mean , dangerous woman . I just hope he do not feel that way about I because - you know I - I be the most harmless person . I just hide behind angriness because it 's the only way I have find to protect myself . the only person I could ever really hurt be myself . jesse I be sure he 's not scared of you . I be sure he 's crazy about you . celine okay , now it 's you turn . call you friend . jesse put the phone up to he ear . jesse brriie . I usually get this guy 's answer machine . 55 . celine hey , dude , what 's up ? jesse hey , Frank , you be there . celine so you be back ? how be Madrid ? jesse well , it all pretty much suck . I be come back a little early . jodie and I finally have we long overdue meltdown . the long distance thing never seem to work , do it ? all my stupid , romantic projection . ugh . I be actually only in Madrid a few day . I have to get the hell out of there . I have be wander around Europe for the last couple of week like a idiot . I get a cheaper flight out of Vienna that do not leave for a while , but it really be not that much cheaper . I could have come right back , but I just could not . I think I want to just wallow for a while . I want to run , but not home . I do not want to see anyone I know . I do not want to talk . I want to be a ghost , completely anonymous . celine be you okay ? jesse yeah , that 's just it . I be great ... rapturous . I ’ma real person again . I x11 tell you why . it 's my last night in Europe and I have meet someone very special . you know how they say we be each other 's angel and demon ? well , she be literally this botticelli angel , wait for I at the gate back to life . celine wow ...how do you meet ? 33 56 . jesse on the train . I actually see she a couple of hour before we ever talk , as I be find a seat . she have she foot up on the seat across from she and do not notice I at all as I pass by she . then later , there be this weirdo couple fight near she , and she move back and happen to sit right across the aisle from I . we begin to talk . I do not think she really like I at the beginning . she be so smart and passionate and beautiful - I feel so unsure of myself . I feel everything I be say be stupid macho stuff . celine oh , man , I would not worry . I be sure she be not judge you . and by the way , she decide to sit next to you . I be sure she do it on purpose . we man be stupid . we never understand woman . they act strange , the little I know of they . ext . albertina ledge - night 33 celine and jesse sit on the step of a statue and observe the fairly constant activity around they . a serious-looking guy walk by carry a bag . jesse see that guy ? we will never see he again . that be the one moment we life intersect . the guy suddenly turn and walk back the other way . celine I always wonder about thing like that . like , think of the bag he be carry . I wonder what be in it . if you think he 's carry a bomb to blow up the opera because he fail he audition for Don Juan , then he serious expression become this angry , vicious face . ( more ) 57 . celine ( cont 'd ) but if you imagine in he bag be a present for he young , die wife , then he become this poor , sympathetic character who you want to give a big hug to . jesse hmmm . celine indicate a young art-student - look woman . celine she 's think about a tv show she see yesterday on stripper , and even though all she friend be disgust by it , she 's think about give up she low - pay office job and give it a try . a nerdy guy walk by . jesse that guy over there ... reject by Scientology . actually flunk he free personality test - they have no use for he . 34 ext . albertina ledge - night 34 they sit on the ledge overlook the light - up opera house . jesse I feel like this be some dream world we be walk through . celine it 's so weird . it 's like we time together be just ours - it 's we own creation . it 's like , I be in you dream and you be in mine . jesse yeah , what we be do this whole night should not officially be happen . celine maybe that 's why this feel so other - worldly . ( a beat ) but then , the morning come and we turn into pumpkin . 35 58. jesse ahh . I do not want to talk about the morning . celine but at this point I think you be suppose to produce the glass slipper and see if it fit . they both laugh . ext . restaurant - night 35 they be on a large dock boat , the Johann strauss , that serve as a restaurant . they be sit at a quiet outdoor table on the bow of the boat . jesse and this older friend of mine say , at the birth of he child - it be a home birth and he be there help out and everything - at that profound moment of birth , all he could think about be death . that he be see something experience life for the first time , struggle for breath , and know that it be go to die someday . he could not get it out of he head . celine I think that 's why life be so interesting - because it 's go to end . jesse I know . death up the ante be alive . celine it 's the same for we tonight , though . if we know we be go to see each other next week , it would not be the same energy , no ? jesse yeah , I know . celine do you think we will see each other after tomorrow morning ? 59 . jesse I do not know . what do you think ? celine I ask you . jesse hmmm . I be think how ... I do not know if I be go to be in Europe again anytime soon . be you come to the U.S. for any reason ? celine put she head down on the table , depressed . celine oh , God , I do not want to get into the practical side of how we would see each other again . Flying . let 's be rational adult about this . jesse okay , uh , rational . celine we should try something different . ( a beat ) it 's not so bad if tonight be we only night . maybe it make it really special . jesse yeah , usually you exchange number and call each other once , maybe write each other once or twice ... celine and then the slow fizzle . jesse I hate that . celine there be this famous writer - I do not remember who - who say the ideal relationship be two intense year , with clean break , fresh start , friend for life , something like that . it 's like if you know you relationship have to end in two year , there would be no room for fight or waste time . there could be more love and appreciation for one another . ( more ) 60 . celine ( cont 'd ) it 's like , if everyone you meet you know be go to die at midnight , you would be a much more compassionate person . I mean , everyone 's go to die , but since no one know when , there 's all the time in the world to be asshole to one another . jesse why do we think that relationship be suppose to last forever anyway , and that anything less be a failure ? ( a beat ) but I hate the think that we be just this ship pass in the night . I think the only time I get depressed be when I feel that life be just this series of momentary connection . I mean , of all the people you have ever know , how many of they be still in you life in any way ? what happen to all the people you grow up with ? miss Van sickle , my bus driver in first grade - what 's she up to ? what kind of life be she have ? a wander violin player have enter the room and be play a waltz . celine but for some people , there be no real good - by . I think if you have a meaningful experience with someone else , a true communication , they be with you forever in a way . we be all a part of each other in way we will never know . jesse so it 's a deal ? we will die in the morning ? celine I think it 's the only way . I do not want to cheapen what 's special about we time together . if we push for something more , it 's like we be try to commodify ourselves or something . 36 61 . jesse okay , no delusion . no projection . let 's just make the rest of tonight great . celine and it 'il be ours forever . jesse we should do some kind of special handshake or something . celine okay . they do a sort of handshake and then watch the violin player . ext . active STREET - night 36 celine and jesse walk down a fairly busy street near some nightclub . they come across a crowd gather around a woman dance , and the rhythmic sound of finger cymbal can be hear . sitting on the ground be a man play a dumbek who beat out a mesmerize rhythm . celine grab jesse 's arm with a look of excitement and rush toward the crowd , find a good vantage point to watch the Middle Eastern dancer . the dancer perform in a exciting and unusual way and elicit a positive reaction from the crowd . at the end of the performance celine place a couple of bill in the tambourine that sit on the sidewalk near the dancer 's shoe . then she and jesse proceed down the street as the crowd disperse . celine be obviously move by the dance . celine I see a documentary on that stuff - it 's a birth dance . jesse a birth dance ? how do that work ? celine woman use it when give birth . in some part of the world they still do it . the woman in labor enter a tent and the woman of she tribe surround she and dance use they torso and pelvise , and they encourage the birthing woman to dance with they so as to make the birth less painful . and after the baby be bear , they all dance in celebration . 62 . jesse wow . my mom would have never go for that . celine but it 's a really primal dance . they think that woman have usually do it mainly for other woman as some kind of fertility ritual . jesse that 's cool . celine it 's a beautiful thing . I like the idea of dance as be a common function of life , something that everyone participate in . jesse I know . I hear about this old man watch a bunch of young people dance . he say , '' how beautiful . they be try to shake off they genitals and become angel . '' ( a beat ) but , uh , just one question back there . when the woman be be all spiritual and dance for the god and themselves and stuff , where be the man ? out food gather ? just not allow ? see , y'all do not need we ? celine Men be lucky we do not bite off they head after mate . certain insect do that , you know - spider and stuff . we , at least , let you live . what be you complain about ? she laugh as he jump on she word . jesse you be officially kid , but you keep bring that up . there be something to that . celine ( interrupt ) no , no , no . okay , speak seriously here . ( more ) 63 . celine ( cont 'd ) I mean , I feel this pressure to be a strong and independent icon of womanhood and not have it look like my life be only revolve around some guy , but the love of a man and return that love mean a lot to I . I always make fun of it and stuff , but be not everything we be do in life a way to be love a little more or something ? jesse sometimes I dream of be a good father and a good husband . sometimes that feel really close , but other time it just seem silly , and that it would ruin my life . it 's not that I have a fear of commitment or I be incapable of loving or caring about someone else , because I can . it 's just that if I be totally honest with myself , I have rather die know that I be really good at something , that I be special or have excell in some way , than to have only be in a really nice , caring relationship . celine you know , I have work for this older man , and once he tell I that he have spend all he life think about he career and he work , and how he be fifty - two and it suddenly strike he that he have never really give anything of himself , that he life be for no one and nothing . he be almost cry say this . ( a beat ) I really believe that if there 's any kind of god , he would not be in any one of we - not you , not I - but just this space in between . if there 's some magic in this world , it must be in the attempt of understanding someone else , share something , even if it 's almost impossible to succeed . but who care - the answer must be in the attempt . 37 38 64 . int . dance club - night 37 they enter a small , almost desolate disco where on couple be dance and a few other be sit around - the up - all - night crowd . they split up and he go over to the bartender and start talk to he , plead with he . she go over to a empty table and subtly take two glass . across the room , he 's make a little headway with the gruff , older bartender , who eventually relent and hand he a bottle of wine . suddenly Lou Christie 's '' lightnin 's strike '' come over the speaker and jesse ham it up as he cross the dance floor on he way back to meet she at the door . he try to get into it and have a little success . ext . park - night 38 later , they be sit in a remote area of the park , pour glass from they bottle of wine . celine so often in my life I have be with people and share beautiful moment like travel or stay up all night and watch the sunrise , and I know it be a special moment , but something be always wrong . I wish I would be with someone else . I know that what I be feel - exactly what be so important to I - they do not understand . but I be happy to be with you . you could not possibly know why a night like this be so important to my life right now , but it be . I think this be a great morning . jesse it be a great morning . ( a beat ) do you think we would have other morning like this ? celine what about we vow ? jesse yeah , I know . ( a beat ) I have have that same feeling of wishing someone be not there , but I think it 's myself I have like to get away from . she look up at he . jesse ( cont 'd ) I have never be anywhere I have not be . I have never have a kiss when I be not one of the kisser . I have never be to the movie when I be not in the audience or go out bowl when I be not around make some stupid joke . she smile , not really take he seriously . jesse ( cont 'd ) no , really , I think that 's why so many people hate themselves . I mean if we get marry , after a few year , you would hate a lot of my mannerism , the way I drink a little too much when I be insecure , the way I tell the same ridiculous , pseudo- intellectual idea to every couple we have over to dinner . but you see , I have already hear all my stupid storey , so of course I be sick of myself . but we time here have be completely out of time . be with you have make I feel like I be someone else . I have not have my past around to constantly drow I . the only other way to lose yourself like this be with drug , or alcohol , dance ... stuff like that . celine Fucking ... he just look up at she , smile , a little surprised . jesse yeah , fuck . celine do you know what I want ? jesse what ? celine to be kiss . jesse I can do that . 65 . 66 . he get up and kiss she , and try to take it a little further . celine I have to say something stupid . jesse sure . celine it 's very stupid . jesse okay . celine I do not think we should sleep together . I want to , but since we be not go to see each other again , it 's 1ll make I feel bad . I ‘’1l wonder who else you be with . I will miss you . I know it 's not very adult ... maybe it 's a female thing ... I can not help it . jesse okay , we will see each other again . celine no . I do not want you to break we vow just so you can get laid . jesse I do not want to just get laid . I want to have sex with you . we be go to die in the morning , right ? I think we should . celine no . then it 's like some male fantasy - meet a french girl on a train , fuck she , never see she again , and have a great story to tell . I do not want to be a great story . I do not want we great evening to have just be for that . jesse okay , let 's not have sex . celine you do not want to see I again ? 39 67 . jesse no , of course I do . I mean , fuck , if I be ask right now to marry you or never see you again , I would marry you . I mean , maybe that 's a lot of romantic crap . but people have get marry for a lot less . I think we have have as good a chance as anyone else . do you want to sleep with I ? celine well , actually I already decide to sleep with you when I get off the train . now that we have talk so much I do not know anymore . why do I make everything so complicated ? jesse I do not know . they begin make out as we see the first light in the sky . ext . STREET - early morning 39 they be walk along slowly , awkwardly , each a little in they own world . jesse what 's the first thing you be go to do when you get back to Paris ? celine call my parent . what about you ? jesse I will go pick up my dog . he 's with a buddy of mine . celine ahh . I love dog . jesse oh , shit - we be back in real time . celine it 's awful . I can not stand it . for the last few moment we have be hearing the sound of a harpsichord far in the distance . jesse do you hear that ? 40 68. celine yeah ... what be that ... a harpsichord ? jesse let 's go see where the hell that 's come from . they walk toward the baroque sound . as they get closer , the music get louder . they finally pinpoint the source . through a small street - level window they see a guy ina basement room play away at he harpsichord . the harpsichord player 's entire room be decorate in a seventeenth - to eightenth - century fashion with wood - plank floor , old furniture , and painting . together with the beautiful and intense music , it be a stun view - a live portrait . they sort of look at each other occasionally but say nothing . celine and jesse both begin to feel awkward at they peep Tom status now that the music be over , and they walk off quietly . jesse take she hand . jesse ( cont 'd ) can you dance to a harpsichord ? celine I do not know . maybe . they dance a little on the sidewalk . ext . albertina ledge - early morning 40 they sit with they head back on a bench , stare up at the early - morning cloud . celine when you talk earlier about after a few year how a couple would begin to hate each other by anticipate they reaction or get tired of they mannerism , I think it would be the opposite with I . I think I can fall in love when I know everything about he - how he 's go to part he hair , or what shirt he 's go to wear that day , know the exact story he would tell in a give situation . I be sure that 's when I would know I be really in love . jesse just smile , look at she , and then slowly look back up at the sky . 4l 69 . jesse ( silly voice ) the year shall run like rabbit ... celine what ? jesse nothing . I have this great recording of Dylan Thomas read this w.h. auden poem . he have this great voice . it be like ... ( silly voice ) '' but all the clock in the city began to whirr and chime : o let not time deceive you , you can not conquer time ... '' in headache and in worry vaguely life leak away , and time will have he fancy to-morrow or to-day . '' ext . train station - dawn 41 she have retrieve she bag from the locker , and they be walk along the train toward she car . they seem vulnerable , even shy , as they both finally face the inevitable . celine so you know what bus you be take to the airport ? jesse yeah , no problem . celine I guess this be it , no ? jesse yep . I really ... you know . celine I know . I too . ( a beat ) you lie to I , you know . jesse what do you mean ? 70 . celine you tell I that we time together would someday make I happier with my future husband , but now I x11 wonder even more . neither say anything for a extend moment . celine ( cont 'd ) be happy , okay ? work hard and have fun with everything you be do . jesse I will . and good luck with school and everything . ( a beat ) I hate this . celine I know . I think the train be about to leave . they look into each other 's eye . jesse reach out for celine 's hand and clasp it tightly . they smile , know that they have change in unexpected way , and then embrace tenderly for several moment . they part , and celine turn suddenly and walk up the stair to she train car . as she reach the top step she hesitates , turn , and look back and jesse , who 's still stare at she . he signal for she to hold on a second . jesse hey , everything we be say be bullshit . this be all stupid - I do not want to do it . she laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) and I do not lie to you . I / x11 prove it . celine yeah ? jesse I ' 11l come with you . celine be almost laugh . celine no . you will drive I crazy . you do not speak french . I have have to completely take care of you . ( more ) 71 . celine ( cont 'd ) it would be a big mistake . ( a beat ) but perhaps we should meet in five year . jesse yeah , think so ? five year ? celine no , no . five year be too long . it would be more like a sociology experiment . how about one year ? jesse yes , one year . one year ? how about six month ? celine but it will be freezing . jesse okay , we can meet here and then go somewhere else . celine okay . but be that six month from now or last night ? jesse last night . okay . six month from last night . December sixteenth , six o'clock in the evening , track eleven . it 's a train ride for you , but I get to fly over . but , hey , I ’l1l be here . celine good . and we be not go to write or call or anything right ? jesse right . but six month . they laugh at themselves and give a quick kiss before parting . celine good-bye . jesse bye . they part and celine disappear into the train . 42 72 . int / ext . morning montage 42 celine find she way to a seat . jesse get he stuff out of he locker and begin walk . as she train slowly pull out of the station , we hear the harpsichord and see a series of shot of many of the location celine and jesse inhabit the night before . in the early - morning light this place be now somehow different . even though there be little human presence at this time of the morning , the transformation have begin . we see jesse get situate on he bus to the airport . we then see the park where they dance , sing , and stare up at the sky . a very old lady walk slowly across the grass . celine be settle on the train and read . she look up from she book and just stare out the window at the landscape go by . fade out .