before Midnight screenplay by Richard linklater ethan hawke Julie delpy september1 , 2012 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library fade in : int . airport - afternoon jesse and 14 - year- old hank be walk through a airport in Greece . jesse so you get everything ? hank mmm-hmmh . jesse you go to play video game the whole flight , or do you think you might actually crack a book ? hank probably read some . jesse if I write you a email , do not be scared to write I back , okay ? it will not kill you to let you old man know what you be think about and what 's go on , you know ? hank yeah . jesse if we want , we could try skyp once a week or something . hank all right ... jesse you get the drawing for you science deal ? hank yeah , think so . jesse alright , well they turn out great by the way . like , really great . hank thanks . they have arrive at the concession stand . hank grab a couple of snack . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jesse be you computer charge ? hank yeah . jesse what do you think 's the first thing you be gonna do when you get home ? hank I dunno . jesse I really cherish this communication we have . you know , it 's just - you answer be so ... hank ( interrupt ) what ? jesse be pay . jesse just keep practice the piano , okay ? you be really good and they spend so much time at that school of yours ... just remember that music be actually something you will use in you life . right , and do not forget to - you want that sesame thing , right ? they be really good . hank yeah . jesse right. ( to cashier ) yassou . here you go . thank you . okay . he get the change and they head to the gate . jesse ( cont 'd ) I will probably make it over there in October , you know ? try to see you in that first recital and then hopefully catch a soccer game while I be there . ( to cashier ) efharisto . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library hank I might not even play soccer this year . jesse oh , that would be a big mistake . trust I . hank I be not that good . jesse oh , no , you be pretty good . you be . hank I mean , I miss summer training camp , so the chance of I start be minuscule . jesse yeah , well , just tell the coach the situation - you dad life in Europe , you really want to be there , blah blah blah . blame I . my parent stink , but I be really serious . hank but I be not serious , dad . I do not care that much . jesse well , you do not have to decide right now . you know , just think about it . all I be say be that team sport be important , you know ? they have arrive at the security line . jesse ( cont 'd ) here we be . I love this airport , do not you ? hank it 's awesome . jesse I know , it 's cool , right ? you excited about see you mom ? hank yeah , and all my friend . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jesse yeah , right . what about you board pass , passport ...? okay . you feel confident about make the connection ? hank yeah , I have do this before . jesse yeah , but not with a tricky connection like this . just remember , when you land , you stay in you seat . somebody from the airline 's go to come get you and take you to the gate , right ? hank it 's not a problem . jesse okay . all right . oh , boy . well , look like maybe we should just do this thing , huh ? okay . come here . they hug . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be gonna do my best to make that recital , okay ? hank you know , I would not bother . jesse what make you say that ? hank look , I be not be mean , but it would be easier if you do not come to the recital . jesse how come ? hank it would just be better if you visit on another weekend . jesse but ... I want to see you play . hank look , it 's because Mom hate you so much . she would be really stress if you be there , and then it would be tense for I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jesse motion to the person behind he to go ahead . hank ( cont 'd ) we would not have any time to hang out , anyway . jesse do not worry about she , we will figure that out , we can ... just do not want you to worry about it . you know ? I mean ... you know how much I miss you , right ? hank nod . jesse ( cont 'd ) why do you think she still hate I so much ? hank I do not know . I think she hate Daniel more than she hate you . hank playfully punch jesse . hank ( cont 'd ) hey , do not worry about it . I will figure something out . we should just do this though . jesse yeah . but I mean , be there anything I can do to help ? hank I do not know . jesse but you know that I love you , right ? hank yeah . jesse right , okay . hank yeah , I know . this have be the best summer of my life . jesse really ? hank yeah ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jesse well , I too . see , I tell you , I tell you this whole Greece thing be go to be great . hank and it be . a final moment . jesse okay . all right . I love you , pal . hank I love you too , dad . jesse okay , shake my hand . all , right , go . hank bye. jesse bye . see ya . ( sigh ) he go into security . jesse watch he walk away , and then slowly head toward the exit . ext . airport - afternoon we follow jesse back through the airport as he find he way to the parking lot , revealing celine , stand outside of the car , talk on the phone . celine ( speak french ) oui , oui. ( continue in french ) okay . as jesse and celine settle inside the car , the camera pan over toward two 6 - year - old girl who be asleep in the back seat . that 's right , twin nina and ella . they start drive away from the airport . int . car - afternoon as they hit the highway , celine lower she volume as she wrap up she conversation . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library celine ( into phone ) okay . bon. trés bien . merci. oui , oui , Lucia . au'voir . ( hang up , speak french ) jesse what 's go on ? celine they vote against it . jesse what , the wind turbine ? celine six month deal with that people , they be all for it . everyone agree it be great for the region ... jesse oh . so what happen ? celine ..- and now they have decide that they do not like the way it look on that hill . it 's ruin they view . jesse no , no , I think it be a do deal . celine it be ! it practically be -- jesse well , can -- celine that 's what 's so infuriate . jesse can they do that ? celine yes , of course . they have do it . that 's it . it 's over , fini . jesse I be sorry . celine no , no , it 's just so frustrating . I can not take it anymore . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library celine ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be gonna take that job with remy . jesse no . no , you do not want to work for he . celine why not ? jesse for the government ? celine well , I think this government be different . we need law . that 's the only way anything be go to happen . jesse it 's not the only way . you guy have be get a lot of good work do . celine well , I have be think about it . this be the way to go . jesse okay . well then , let I remind you that you do not like that guy . the whole time you work for he before , you complain about he constantly . celine yeah , yeah , yeah . he can be a asshole , but he get thing do . that 's how I be gonna be from now on -- jesse okay . celine a real bitch , okay ? that 's it . jesse okay . well every time I look at that guy , all I see be ambition . I mean , I be sorry , I just do not trust he . the only reason he 's go from non- profit to government be to have people kiss he ass . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library celine I do not care about he , okay ? jesse all right , and I think you be gonna be miserable , all right ? just with all that politick and compromise -- celine whatever . I have make my decision . I be tired of be the do - gooder that roll a boulder up a hill and watch it roll down again . jesse be not he the guy that use to throw he pen at he assistant and stuff ? celine okay , I should have take this job a year ago . you know , and I be scared because of the amount of work , but I think it 's the best opportunity ever and it 's more money and ... I be do it . jesse okay . be you sure ? celine no , I be not sure of anything , okay ? jesse all right , all right -- celine I mean , you know , what 's gonna happen to everyone if I leave ? like francoise , and I mean , they count on I . what do you think ? should I take it or not , should ... should I ? jesse ah , no , no , no , I do not have a opinion . I just do not want to see you rush into a decision because of this wind turbine crap . celine no ! it 's not just that , okay ? it 's be stir in I all summer ... jesse well , I know it have . I know . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . celine ..- and I should do it . and I be do it ! jesse all right then , just - then do it . celine I be do it , all right ? oh , god . I wish thing be simpler . I mean , if I leave I get fuck , if I stay I get fuck ... jesse ( laugh ) there 's always a catch . celine yeah , the world be fuck . jesse yeah , baby . celine oh , god . we finally have a vacation and the girl be sick for the first two week . jesse or the perfect son who life a million mile away . celine or the love of you life can not clean up after himself or learn how to shave . jesse who 's that ? you be not , you be not talk about Captain clean - up over here , be you ? you do not mean -- celine Captain clean-up ! the one that 's be miss in action all this year ! jesse what do you expect at this point in you life , missy ? celine turn back to look at the twin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library celine God ! oh , look at they ; they be so cute ! they look like conjoin twin ! oh my god , I gotta take a picture . she take out she cell phone and take a picture . reach back for something he can not quite find . jesse hey , do uh , do ella finish that apple ? celine you be go to take food out of you child 's mouth ? jesse yeah . 11 . jesse celine reach back and grab a half - eat apple off the seat . celine okay . well . it 's all brown . jesse oh , there 's a spot here . he take a bite from the green part of the apple . now filming he with the camera . celine ella - this be evidence of you father steal food from you . if you become bulimic or anorexic , it be not my fault . do not blame it all on you mother , okay ? jesse ella , this be a family apple . I be teach you the value of share . I love you honey . celine ohh , so sweet . you girl will remember this vacation very differently than we will . jesse that 's for sure . I see that with my mom . she remember my childhood entirely differently than I do . can you please stop filming I . celine put the phone away . celine be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12. celine God . I love you mom . you be always so hard on she . jesse it 's because you miss the fuck up year . you be just get the good era . celine the " fuck up year . " that remind I , talk about fuck up ... do I ever tell you the story of my little cleopatra kitty ? no ? okay , I think you would remember if I do . when I be a little girl I have this cat name cleopatra and every spring she would jump the fence and get pregnant and always end up with a litter of exactly two kitten . jesse two kitty ? celine two kitty . every time , every year , two cat . I mean it be just ... amazing . then one day , I be around 30 and I be have lunch with my dad , I be remember , mention little cleopatra and he be like - ' the hardest thing I ever have to do be to kill that cute little kitten ' - and I be like what ? it turn out -- listen to this -- there be sometimes up to 7 kitten in that litter -- jesse oh , no . celine but he would take five of they -- jesse oh , no . celine -- put they into a plastic bag with a bunch of ether . jesse ( laugh ) that 's terrible . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library celine he have forget the lie he and my mom have tell I as a kid . jesse how do he decide which one he want to kill ? celine well , I actually ask he that . do you take the fluffiest , cutest ? he just start to cry . jesse oh . celine poor daddy . they realize they be drive by some ancient ruin . celine ( cont 'd ) oh , we say we be go to stop . they want to see the ruin . jesse yeah , but should we ? celine well , ella really want to . jesse yeah , but should we wake they up ? celine I do not know . jesse you know what , let 's do this . on we way back to the airport we can catch they . celine you know we will not . jesse yeah , probably not . celine okay . jesse we will be like , so long , ancient ruin ! what 's so great about you anyway ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . 14 , celine psh ! see one , see they all ! oh my god , we be shitty parent . we should have stop . jesse aw , it 's okay . celine it 's culture . come on , go back . jesse ah , we gotta put some character in this kid somehow , you know what I mean ? celine yeah , yeah . jesse we be teach they a valuable lesson , you know . you snooze , you lose in this world . celine and when the girl be in rehab , recover from ten year of addiction to coke and speed , they will say , " oh , we just never feel comfortable go to sleep because we daddy always use to tell we , " you snooze , you lose . " and that will be you fault again . jesse ( laugh ) okay , okay . well , we be shitty parent . celine I know . jesse say goodbye to hank suck . celine why , be he upset ? jesse no , no . he say it be the best summer of he life . celine well , that 's great ! ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . celine ( cont 'd ) I mean , I would not worry too much about he . we speak a bunch , and you know what he main concern in life be ? jesse what ? celine pimple and how girl perceive he . the apple do not fall far from the tree , I guess . jesse what do you mean ? I be not like that . celine oh , please ! jesse what ? celine that 's all you think about ! jesse what ? celine woman ! I mean -- I be not complain . I be get a lot of attention . but you never stop ogling girl . jesse I do not ogle girl . celine yeah you do . jesse I do not ogle girl ! ( sexy Spanish accent ) I make love to they with my eye . celine oh , wow . jesse yeah . celine I like the Spanish guy . or be it Greek ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16. jesse ( Spanish accent ) I do not know where I be from , but I be very hairy . celine ( laugh ) well , I think ... you know , Henry might have , you know . jesse what ? celine that little melina girl . jesse I do not know . he have a crush but ... celine oh , be you kid ? jesse what ? celine why do you think he say it be the best summer of he life ? jesse because he and I have a good time together ? celine jesse ... jesse no , huh ? so what , you think they ... you think they what -- celine of course . jesse you think they kiss ? celine yeah , they kiss ! yeah , yeah . okay , I be swear to secrecy but he tell I . they kiss . okay . jesse what would he say ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. celine I be not suppose to tell you anything , so I be not gonna talk but -- jesse come on . celine okay . he tell I he be worried - you know , concerned about the kissing . you know , tongue , no tongue . jesse what , he ask you that ? celine yeah . but he be so - he be so cute . all nervous , all red , bite he cheek like when he be little . so cute . jesse wow . so he and melina be a real thing . celine yeah . jesse what 's gonna happen now ? celine I do not know . they must be friend on Facebook , so they will keep in touch , at least for a while . jesse hey - what if they end up spend they whole life together ? you know ? celine you be so corny ! sometimes I be just like - jesse no , I just - I mean - celine what be you , a twelve - year - old girl ? jesse I be just , it 's - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18. celine I mean , first love , do you even remember who it be ? jesse uh , yeah , I do . it be you . celine oh , please . like you be a virgin at twenty - three . I do not - jesse no , you say " first love " , not first sexual experience , okay ? celine okay . Fine . like I be the first woman you ever fall in love with ? jesse yeah . pretty much . the first one I feel truly connect to . sure . celine I do not think so . jesse what , I be not you first love ? celine ( beat ) no , of course not . jesse oh . no , I just - I think I be . celine no! ( laugh ) jesse , stop this . it 's dumb . jesse it 's okay , it 's okay . it 's nota big deal . celine no ? okay . how old be you ? come on ! jesse I be forty - one and I have love only you . a beat of silence , then they both laugh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . celine you be so , so work on we little night , be not you ? jesse Hell yeah . I have get a trojan in my billfold and a rocket in my pocket . celine I be stick with a american teenager . can not believe it . do we have to do all that stuff later ? jesse what ? oh , yeah , come on . it mean a lot to Patrick . ariadni and stefanos be probably already there prepping , the kid wanna have one more big time together - it 's gonna be fun . celine no , no , no , but I mean the hotel , later . I just , I be not sure I want to go - her phone ring . she pick it up . celine ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hi , sweetie . yeah . oh , okay , okay , okay , okay . well , well , it 's fine . it 's fine ! call I from London . have a good flight . bye . jesse gesture for the phone , but she 's already hang up . jesse but - but - celine they be tell they to turn everything off , they be about to take off and I ask he to call I from the plane ; you know , I do not like when he fly . ( a beat ) what ? jesse I do not - I dunno . I dunno. ( sigh ) I just do not think I can keep do this . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . celine why ? jesse just every summer , every Christmas , you know , it 's like - celine I know . it make I ill every time . jesse it just would not be so bad you know if I - like if we be send he to board school or something . just - I dunno . ... if he mom and I get along a little bit better . celine I know . it 's like we be send he back across enemy line . jesse I know . it really hit I this time , you know ? I mean , he 's go to be a freshman in high school ! four more year and then he 's gonna be on he own . celine well , maybe that 's the good news . we only have four more year of this . jesse no , no , no . this be the crucial time . I just feel like I should be there for he . like it 's now or never , you know ? celine no . what do you mean ? jesse I guess I just think somehow he would end up live with we . somewhere along the way , you know . now time 's go by so fast and here we be ! it 's high school , you know . there 's girl ... next thing you know it 's college application . celine yeah , you be right ! maybe it 's time . I mean ... I really think it 's time . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. celine ( cont 'd ) just tell he mum all this and ask if he can come and live with we . he would love it , we can put he in that bilingual - jesse that 's never gonna happen , all right ? she 's never gonna give I one thing that she 's not legally obligate to . celine do you want to call that lawyer again ? jesse no . I do not like that guy . he 's terrible . celine should I call he mother ? jesse uh , no . please . never again . celine no , I know . jesse look , he do not even know how to throw a baseball . celine who care ? jesse he just ... he lead with he elbow . he throw like a girl . celine that 's not you fault . jesse no , it be my fault . a father be suppose to teach you that . celine okay , he just do not like baseball do he ? who can blame he . jesse no , it 's a example , okay ? it 's a metaphor for everything . he 's turn fourteen and he need he father . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. celine jesse , I be not move to Chicago . jesse well , do I ask you to ? celine roll she eye . jesse ( cont 'd ) where would that come from , huh ? I be just think out loud . I mean , this be the one thing I promise myself I would never do and I look up and I be do it . celine well ... listen , you be a wonderful father . he love the relationship you have , he love the letter you send he and he - jesse he do not even read the letter that I send . celine no , of course he read they ; he just do not compliment the write the way you want . jesse I just know that if I miss this year , they be never come back . celine oh , my god . jesse what ? celine this be where it end . jesse what be you talk about ? celine this be how people start break up . jesse oh , my god . what would you just ... you just jump off a cliff . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23. celine no , no . I be mark this . this be the day you light the tick bomb that will destroy we life . jesse laugh . celine ( cont 'd ) yeah . watch . jesse okay . well , first off , you do not light a tick bomb , okay , you set it and it 's a timer - celine oh , okay , whatever ! whatever , okay . jesse - that 's why it tick . celine it have a timer . well , you know what ? it 's tick . right now . and this be how it happen . jesse right . celine you be unhappy , you blame it on the other person , resentment grow , everything slowly rot and you break up . that 's it . jesse you be just do this to shut I up . celine not at all . not at all ! jesse I know you be . that 's what you be do . yeah . celine no-no-no - no . I be actually surprised we last this long . jesse okay , okay . so here come the hyperbole - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. celine we be on parallel track for a while but now we track have cross and I be go west and you be go east . and believe I , this be how it happen . I have see it , okay ? Catherine Alexander - jesse you be kid , right ? you be kid . celine well , no ! I be kid . and I be not . all right ? ( beat ) just - this be it . as celine talk , the girl wake up . one of the girl , ella , groggily say : ella how much longer to the ruin ? celine oh , they be close . jesse yeah . sweetie , you know what we decide , we be gonna catch they on the way back , when we be go to the airport . celine exactly . jesse okay ? celine we will leave early , right ? yeah . jesse yeah . yeah . ella what happen to my apple ? celine you apple . La pomme , elle etait fini , cette pomme . right ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . ext . fishing village store - afternoon they pull up at a small store in a coastal fishing village and start get out of the car . celine be speak in french to the girl . celine give I the list . jesse I do not have it . celine it 's in you wallet . jesse oh. celine in you wallet . jesse okay . he get out he wallet and hand it to celine . she pull out the list instantly . celine voila ! she turn to the girl . celine ( cont 'd ) okay , I be the General ! Captain Nina , ( tell she what to do in french ) nina oui ! jesse who make you General ? celine the General , okay ? jesse oh . celine Captain ella , ( tell she what to do in french ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. ella oui ! celine private clean - up , you do not touch anything . jesse oui. D ’accord . ext . arrival home - afternoon the car pull up outside a estate by the shore . they get out and the girl sprint through the entryway . ext . patrick house - afternoon on the patio outside the house , a soccer game be go on with jesse and many other participant . ext . patrick house - afternoon at a wonderful seating area , patrick listen to a story natalia be tell he . ext . patrick house - afternoon in a small garden , celine , Nina and ella pick vegetable . celine have a nice moment where she 's just look at she little girl in nature , engage with the earth . celine the red one . ella cela ? celine trés bien ... okay . pepper . ext . patrick house - afternoon jesse , patrick , and stefanos be relax at the far end of the patio where there 's a beautiful ocean view . stefanos I actually read they both . the first one be call that time , the second one be call this time . jesse the first one be this time , the second one be that time . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . stefanos yeah . jesse we have get a joke in we family that " this " bring we back together and " that " pay for we apartment . patrick okay . stefanos well , it must be a little weird for celine , man , the way she 's in a book like that , no ? jesse why ? I think she 's get use to it . stefanos but the second one be sexy , man . when he miss the plane and they black out the window and they have sex for day and day and day like there 's no tomorrow . I mean wow , do you guy actually do that ? jesse shrug he shoulder . stefanos ( cont 'd ) you do that , uh ? patrick have you read jesse 's third book ? it 's actually better than the first two . jesse it certainly take longer to write than the first two put together . stefanos no , the third one I do not read . I mean , my wife give it to I but it 's just a little bit too long for I , man . even the title be long . what 's the title ? jesse " temporary cast member of a Long running but Little see production of a play call fleeting . " script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. stefanos well , exactly my point . jesse ah , well , you be not alone . everybody else think it be too long . patrick it 's a better book . it 's so much more ambitious . ( in Greek ) the first two be so so . stefanos ( speak Greek ) really ? do you think ? jesse what 's that ? stefanos no , he say he like all the book . he do .. jesse laugh . int . kitchen - afternoon natalia , ariadni , and celine be sit at a table in the kitchen , chopping vegetable . celine I mean , I love it here . this place be amazing . this tomato be so amazing . I can ... I can smell they ! they smell so good . ariadni yeah , Patrick be very proud of they . celine I know it 's stupid but when we be about to leave Paris I be a little nervous to come here . and now that we be about to leave , I do not want to go . natalia why be you nervous ? ariadni yeah , why be that ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . celine I do not know . this place be so full of thousand of year of myth and tragedy and I think something tragic be go to happen . natalia what , you think the minotaur be go to eat you child or something ? celine yes . exactly . all three woman laugh . ext . patio - afternoon back with the guy ... jesse all right , well , the whole time I have be here , I have be work on this idea about a group of different people with all this brain abnormality . so the book would be like a day in they life from all they unique point of view , right ? like there 's this older lady who have a condition that make you feel like you be ina perpetual state of déja vu . every single experience she have , she feel like she 's have it before . I mean she can be sit here with we , talk seemingly functional right ? and in she head , she 's think : do not he already say that ? I mean ; be not we here yesterday have this exact same conversation . stefanos so just like deja vu. jesse yeah , except all the time . stefanos ah . jesse right , that 's the thing , right ? everything she take in . Breakfast , a newspaper , a movie . she 's convinced she 's encounter it already . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . stefanos so that 's a real condition ? jesse yeah . it 's call persistent deja ... it 's real but I can not pronounce it . the man chuckle . jesse then there 's this two other character with facial recognition extreme . like there 's this one guy and he can not recognize he wife of twenty year . he look at himself in the mirror and he feel this disconnect with that man he 's look at . then the other character be the opposite , middle - age housewife with a categorical exact memory of every face she 's ever see ; so she life in a big city but to she , it 's a small town . like , a taxi drive past and she think ' oh , that 's the driver who drop I off at place de vosge three christmase ago . ' and some old lady walk on the street , she think ; ' oh , she sit two seat down from I on the Metro last year . ' so , everyone she meet , to she feel intimate and connect . stefanos well , I be just like the first guy . like I feel connect to nothing most of the time , man . we see Patrick 's grandson , Achilles , and girlfriend , Anna , come walk by , just from the beach . Anna slap he butt playfully before head indoors while Achilles join the guy . jesse oh , Achilles ! Anna ! hey , you guy . patrick hey , look at this kid . he 's have the best summer of we all . achilles hello , pappou . stefanos so you be say ... there 's three character , right ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31. jesse no , it 's not just three character , it 's a whole group of people . it 's like , I be work on a chapter right now about a young Greek man name Achilles . achilles I ? jesse well , he 's name after you . and this guy be catch in a loop where all he see be the transient nature of everything , right ? like he look out to sea and think of the day it 's gonna be dry and litter with fossil . stefanos well ... I dunno . it sound a little pretentious to I . jesse ah , no - no - no . it will not be pretentious , I promise . no , it 's gonna be funny . really funny . he pick up a book and he immediately wonder : who 's gonna be the last person to read this ? stefanos and that 's funny ? all laugh . achilles sometimes I kind of think like that . stefanos well , okay , so he do not get excited about tit , car , booze , nothing . he just think about death . jesse well , not so much death , right ? it 's just like transformation , you know . like he 's see too far into the future . stefanos okay . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. patrick I like this idea for a novel . but you should add a character of a old man like I - a poor sap who can not remember what he have for breakfast , but he can still hear the song that be play when Sheila Campbell dance topless on the bar at jury 's when he be 14 year old . jesse that will work . stefanos okay . you have this people lose in time , right ok ? but what 's the connection ? be they go to have sex ? do not you need something like that ? jesse it 's not time that they be lose in , right ? it 's like perception . that 's the deal . no , I be think of set the whole novel at a movie . like , every character in some way come in contact with the film ' on the waterfront . ' ( to Achilles ) have you see " on the waterfront " ? he 's not sure until stefanos tell he the Greek title . achilles oh , with brando ! jesse yeah . achilles uh-huh . jesse yeah , yeah . okay , well , the first chapter of the book be open weekend , Times Square , 1954 . that old lady , with perpetual deja vu walk into the matinee screen , right ? except the whole time she 's think : have not I already see this ? stefanos yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. jesse right . and then another chapter be a 1979 Paris film study class . then we have a Kazan retrospective in munich , 1993 . stefanos well , man , that be time . how be that not time ? jesse yeah , it 's time but , it 's more perception . you do not like it . stefanos I think it 's go to be too long . they laugh . patrick well , I like it . do not listen to he - he make bicycle . send it to I in galley . jesse will do . ext . patrick house - afternoon all five kid be play a game together somewhere on the property . int . kitchen - afternoon ariadni , stefanos , and celine be in the kitchen , prepare the meal . celine in France we stuff the tomato with tomato and the pepper with pepper . ariadni oh , really ? because we use the same stuff for both , because of the way it react differently , in term of taste . oh , and celine , make sure you do not stuff they too much because of the way it overflow in the oven later and get kind of nasty . celine okay okay , yeah . stefanos you be do fine , celine . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. ariadni and especially do not listen to stefanos here because he 's never make this dish before , or any other dish for that matter . he take she knife . celine ( laugh ) okay . stefanos you know , I mean ... ariadni and stefanos ( yelling , speak Greek ) stefanos let go of I , ( Greek ) let go of I ! ariadni ( in Greek ) stefanos , why be you take my knife ? stop steal people 's knife . here be a knife perfectly good for what you be do . stefanos ( in Greek ) sweetie , I can not cut with this little fuck knife . celine be you guy fight , with knife ? okay , stop it ! stop fight with knife . ariadni we be not fight . we be negotiate . Anna enter the kitchen and go over to the refrigerator . celine okay , negotiate , that 's what you call it ? wow , ( in french ) negotiate with knife . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . ariadni ( in french ) exactly . celine ( in french ) not bad . stefanos this be a system that we have . celine wow , so you find a system that work for you . ariadni mm-hm . celine I think it be call a relationship . but I like " system " , that 's pretty good . that 's ready , right ? ariadni walk over and take a drag off he cigarette . stefanos that 's ready . celine take a platter of appetizer and begin to leave . celine ( to Anna , in french ) and you , what 's you system ? Anna gesture oral sex . celine ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) what about this system ? celine put she tongue between she finger by she lip . anna ( in french ) not bad . celine exit . stefanos we use to have that system . Anna laugh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . ext . beach - afternoon jesse lead the kid down the rock step to the little patch of rocky beach under Patrick 's house . jesse not too far , you guy ! we catch a nice moment where jesse be look out at the sea , and at the kid , soaking it all up . he check a text and the moment be go . ext . dinner table - late afternoon now in the middle of they dinner , jesse tap he wine glass and get everyone 's attention . jesse all right , I do not want to let this meal go by without say thank you to everyone . and especially you , Patrick . we have no idea what we be get into this last six week . a letter arrive from the university , invite we to the Southern peloponnese of Greece , to the guest house of a great writer ? ' sure , why not ? ' and then at the airport earlier today , hank turn to I and he say this have be the great summer of he life . group ( reacting ) jesse and I have to say the same . so , thank you Patrick , and not just for what you have do for I and my family but for all the way you have give back , all right . so , to Patrick ! other to Patrick ... glass clink . patrick thank you , thank you , thank you . you know , when I first see you at the airport I think , ' no way a man dress like that could be a man of letter . ' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. group ( laugh ) patrick but now , now I think I have learn you secret . we have have many great writer here over the past decade but never one who have a partner more interesting than themselves . group ( reacting ) ohh . oh. ( laugh ) celine I keep tell you . patrick and celine , it 's be so great to have you and you daughter ' wonderful vitality around here , and I be so happy you have be able to meet my dear friend , natalia , who 's husband elias be like a brother to I . celine ( to Patrick ) I be so sorry about the curtain . patrick do not worry . it 's nothing . jesse I know . I should not have throw that cherries - celine no , I mean , really - jesse it be my fault . patrick / celine no , no . that 's sweet of you . achilles and grandpa , thanks for include Anna and I this summer ... because you know he usually put I to work but when I bring Anna he let I sit at the table of the grown-ups . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. jesse welcome to the grownup table ! hear hear ! celine ( to Anna ) how long have you two be together ? anna since last summer . achilles we meet one year ago in my last few day here with grandpa before I have to go back to athen . anna yeah , we meet at my close night cast party . I be do Shakespeare at epidavros ... jesse so , who do you play ? anna I be perdita in " a Winter 's Tale " . stefanos and she be fantastic ! remember , Patrick , we go to that ? patrick ahhh perdita ... " when you do dance , I wish you a wave of the sea , that you might ever do nothing but that . " group ( reacting , applaud ) bravo ! stefanos the way he just perform that be much better than the guy at the play ! achilles actually , people be still talk about that production . anna yeah but ... the after party be even better . it 's where we meet . achilles I have a old bsa motorcycle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . jesse Nice . achilles yeah . we drive around all night . and then I have to drive she back to the theater to get she stuff . and it be dawn . anna I will never forget it . it 's outdoors and seat 12,000 people , but it be now completely empty . achilles yeah . and she be sit way up in the back row . so , I go up on stage and whisper to she ... anna yeah , the acoustic there be incredible . I could see he mouth move and then , three second later , I could hear he voice in my ear . jesse ( to Anna , quietly ) what would he say ? Anna just smile , not say . jesse ( cont 'd ) woah ! okay ! ariadni ( laugh ) that 's private . achilles and then she have to fly back to Paris a couple of day later . celine how do you keep in touch ? achilles we skype . pretty much everyday since then . anna yeah , and when we be apart we have a thing of put we laptop by the pillow and fall asleep together . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. celine ah , that 's the new romance ! achilles and when I wake up the screen be usually freeze ... and Anna 's face be in some funny position like ... ( mime ) stefanos okay . can I ask you a question ? please ? anna yes . stefanos when you guy skype , do you , you know , do you go a little crazy ? ariadni God , you be be so vulgar ! stefanos no , I be not be vulgar . I be just be a amateur anthropologist who be interested in virtual word , on a theoretical level . ariadni so now you be a anthropologist ? stefanos yeah . for instance , the sex of the near future , okay , and I be not make this up but , it 's gonna be just like plugging in , attach something to you genitals - I be sorry - and then you will be have virtual intercourse with anyone of you choice . you will be able to program in all you preference . you will be able to type in exactly what you want Marilyn Monroe to whisper in you ear . group ( reacting ) hm .. celine oh , I might like that . jesse come on . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. achilles I mean , why not ? I mean , more and more of we experience be go to take place in the virtual world . anna yeah ... and you be a writer , how be you go to feel when a computer can write a book better than " War and peace " ? patrick it will never happen . achilles I think it 's only a question about when it 's go to happen , grandpa . jesse you know , I think I be probably gonna feel about the same way as kasparov - you remember how all that chess player feel when they could no longer compete with that big -ass computer - stefanos the Big Blue . jesse right , right , right ! remember at first nobody think a computer could ever beat we best . stefanos right . jesse ( accent ) a machine lack that ineffable human instinct . group ( laugh ) jesse and now we can not even compete . celine I see this documentary where they be do a experiment on a lab rat and he be wire up and he could push a switch and have a orgasm . group ( laugh ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. celine and so scientist be sort of laugh at this pathetic little creature while it ignore its food and water and do not do anything else , and eventually it just die . I mean , I think that 's the future of humanity . you know , just ( demonstrate Rat dying ) .+.. and die . group ( laugh ) patrick well , maybe so but every generation believe that they be witness the end of the world but ... I feel that I be actually live it . jesse okay . all right , I have a question for you Patrick . I think a lot of people be feel that way . you know , that we be this kind of pleasure obsessed , porn-addled materialist , cede we humanity to technology ... at the same moment that computer be become sentient , right ? so what my question be : what be this notion of self to begin with ? patrick it 's write over the portal to the Temple of Apollo at delphi : it say " gnothi seauton " , which mean " know thyself " . jesse yeah , but we be kind of 99 % automated already . we personality - or this thing we think of as ourself right - it 's just a tiny fraction of what the brain be do , right ? stefanos yeah . jesse most of it 's just automated body function . celine okay . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. jesse so then what be it we be actually cede ? celine ( interrupt ) if this notion of self be such a small percentage of you , sweetie ... jesse yes . celine how come I always hear so much about it ? group ( laugh ) stefanos well , it 's just like my penis . I mean , it 's not that big , it 's a small part of myself , but it need a lot of attention . celine his too ! anna and how do you two meet ? ariadni you do not know ? anna what ? stefanos well , you have to read jesse 's book . celine yeah , especially if you want to know exactly what it 's like to have sex with I , read away . stefanos read away ! celine oh , excuse I , stefanos . stefanos no , no . I mean it 's well write . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , jesse thank you . we meet about 18 year ago . we kinda , sort of , fall in love a little bit , and then we lose track of each other and a decade later we run into each other . celine no , no , no , we do not run into each other , sweetie-pie . jesse we do not ? celine no . you write a book " inspire " by we meeting ... jesse yeah , yeah ... celine and I read about it and go to look for it . anna that 's pretty romantic . jesse it be really romantic . celine not really . not really . he neglect to mention he be marry , have a kid ... jesse detail , detail ... celine yeah , that part be a disaster . jesse it be not a disaster . it be inevitable . celine yeah . okay . and the first time we have sex without a condom , twin ! jesse yeah , one pitch , one homerun . boom ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . celine and I have be chain to the sink ever since ! I be sorry to say that , but - anna it 's not that bad , be it ? the girl be so beautiful . jesse thank you . celine they be cute . group ( laugh , react ) celine okay , no no , it have some upside . let I tell you right now , Anna , how to keep a man . Anna nod . celine ( cont 'd ) you have gotta let they win at all the silly little game ... jesse oh , okay . celine .+. they like . when I meet jesse , the first night we be play pinball , and of course I be win ... jesse be the foundation to we entire relationship a lie ? it be . it be . celine --. and at the last minute I let the ball go down the middle . it build they confidence . jesse no , she can not beat I at one game , not any game . celine if I do not let he win at every game ... we would never have sex . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. celine ( cont 'd ) I mean , I be sorry to say it , but he 's actually a closet macho . he dream of have a bimbo for a wife . group ( laugh ) celine dream ! jesse it 's my great aspiration . a bimbo , that 's it . celine change she demeanor and voice , play really dumb . stefanos whoa ! celine ( baby voice ) so ... stefanos uh-oh. jesse yes ? group ( os , laugh ) celine so you be a writer ? jesse yeah . yeah , sure . celine so you write like ... book ? group ( laugh ) jesse I have write a few , sure . sure , yeah . celine wow . I have never meet a writer before . jesse ( laugh nervously ) really . yeah ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. celine you must be really smart . jesse well , I - you know . celine you know , I can not even write my own name sometimes when I be tired . jesse what kind of book do you like ? celine well , I like storey with a meaning behind they , like a really beautiful love story ... jesse oh , sure , yeah . celine you know , I read this book once , " Romeo and ... " jesse " , .. juliet " . right ? celine yeah ! jesse oh , yeah . celine wow , you know it ! jesse it 's very good , yeah . it 's a play actually , not a book . a play . celine oh , I think it be a book base on the movie . jesse no - ( laugh ) no , a play , yeah . group ( os , laugh ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. celine okay , it be a play . wow . well , actually I do not read the whole thing because you know , sometimes I have to keep up and read that magazine to know exactly what be go on in all that people 's life . jesse well , that be important . celine okay . well , you be very , very smart and ( whisper ) I bet you have a gigantic penis . jesse why be I find myself so attract to this woman ! celine yes , he be - calm down ! group ( react ) stefanos wow . celine and that 's the funny part of it ! the not -so-funny part of the closet macho , okay -- be that today , after we drop Henry off , he tell I that even though I have a offer for a amazing job , he want I to throw it all away and move to Chicago . jesse that 's not what I say . celine yes . jesse I say I miss he . you be express something you feel conflict about and I do the same . celine so we can baby sit every other weekend for he ex-wife ! I mean hilarious . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 , ariadni hey , hey , hey ! you guy stop it . it must have be so hard say goodbye to hank today , right ? celine yeah , of course . ariadni I mean , he 's such a amazing kid . achilles tell he I already miss my chess partner . jesse right away . ariadni when stefanos and I split up ... stefanos yeah ? ariadni I be get full custody . stefanos oh . well that 's ok for a while because I and my 20 year old girlfriend will be a little preoccupy . group ( laugh ) ariadni ( laughter ) I love man . stefanos and I love you . ariadni ok , I have a story that my husband here love and that 's go tell you everything you need to know about masculine and feminine . right ? okay , ready ? jesse / stefanos yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. ariadni my mom use to be a nurse . so she be there when people be come out of they coma . stefanos oh , that story . yeah . ariadni listen ! listen . stefanos I be listen . ariadni it 's a interesting story . stefanos I be listen . ariadni so she be the one to tell they , " hi , my name 's katerina . you be come out of a coma . " stefanos be mouth word behind she . anna ( laugh ) I be sorry . ariadni " you have be in a really bad automobile accident . you be go to be okay . " ariadni put she hand over stefanos ' mouth . ariadni ( cont 'd ) " you be go to be fine , " and you know , stuff like that . she say that every woman , the very first thing , the first reaction she would have would be to ask about everybody else . " how be my kid ? how 's my husband ? be anyone else hurt ? " every man - with no exception - when they be tell this , what be the first thing they do ? look down at they cock . group ( laugh ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. jesse well , you know what ? you have gotta make sure it 's still there , all right ? you have gotta make sure it 's still work , you have to ! ariadni of course , of course ! stefanos alive and kick . ariadni yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . stefanos yeah , all that . ariadni and only eventually , eventually , they would come around to ask about they kid , or about someone else they might have accidentally kill . stuff like that . important stuff . celine do not that just say it all ? penis first , then the rest of the world . ariadni , anna , women ( chant ) penis , penis , penis , penis , penis , penis - - jesse okay , whoa , whoa , whoa . if you can explain it all on strictly gender term , why do you or why do any woman waste time get mad at or bother try to change a man ? stefanos exactly . it 's all biology . what be the problem ? celine ( to jesse ) and you be so , so good at turn thing around . I mean , he be a genius ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. jesse no , I be just try to say it 's like be piss at a frog for be green . stefanos exactly . celine yeah . yeah , exactly ! anna hear all this , I wonder if this idea of a love affair that last forever be still relevant to we ? I mean , we know that we be go to break up eventually . achilles definitely . jesse ( to Anna and Achilles ) okay , but be you parent still together ? anna no way . jesse no . and what about you ? achilles they be . but they could be divorced . jesse yeah , they could . achilles ( laugh ) I mean , I think that if they have more money they would not still be together . ariadni God , you guy be so practical ! I be bear into the wrong generation . anna my grandmother 's mother write to we whole family a twenty - six page letter from she deathb . and she spend three page on the costume she do for a play and only one paragraph on she husband . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. jesse be she a actress too ? anna no , she be a ... ( in french ) how do you say , seamstress ? celine ( in English ) a seamstress . seamstress . anna seamstress ... and she have all this wonderful friend . about my great grandfather she mention three event : he go to the war , we move because of he job , and he die . her big advice be not to be too consume with romantic love . friendship and work , she say , bring she the most happiness . ariadni I could not agree more . I mean , that 's the thing that fuck we up , right ? this idea of a soul mate , of someone who will come to complete we and save we from have to take care of ourselves . with stefanos , I set the bar extremely low - I know he be not go to meet any of my need . group ( laugh ) stefanos definitely not ! achilles ( to Patrick ) so what about grandma ? be she a soul mate ? patrick well , sound appeal , but actually you grandmother be more rational than that . she take care of herself and ask I to do the same , with plenty of room to meet in the middle . anna yeah that sound ideal . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. stefanos yeah , it be , actually . it be . patrick but it must be obvious that my wife be not here today . we be never one person , always two . we prefer it that way . ariadni that 's so beautiful . I think my husband be always try to almost colonize I , you know . stefanos I colonize you ? ariadni yes , but I colonize you , too , darling . stefanos well okay then . patrick but at the end of the day , it 's not the love of one other person that matter , it 's the love of life . stefanos that 's good to know , Patrick , because life I can handle , ariadni , on the other hand ... we all know that the Greeks invent tragedy , right , and on top of that she 's from the region of mani , which be short for maniac ! group ( laugh ) celine ask about the hotel . jesse hey , you guy , if we can not make that hotel room tonight , could you get a refund , or use it yourselves or - stefanos no , no , we do not get a refund . ariadni be you try to get out of it ? because you be go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . stefanos you gotta go . celine no , it 's such a great gift you have give we , but I be so stress get all the pack ready , the girl and - ariadni no , no , no - stefanos we make a deal , guy , you watch we kid . you be gonna love it . ariadni we be go to watch yours . stefanos it 's really , really good . ariadni it 's a fantastic , fantastic walk to the hotel , and you will not regret it . and we will be very offended if you do not go . stefanos it be . celine okay . thank you . ariadni you be go . natalia well , when I think of elias , what I miss the most about he be the way he use to lie down next to I at night . sometimes he arm would stretch along my chest . I could not move , I even hold my breath , but I feel safe ... complete . I miss the way he be whistling walk down the street . every time I do something , I think of what he would say : " well its cold today , wear a scarf . " but lately I have be forget little thing . he 's sort of fade and I be start to forget he and it 's like lose he again . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. natalia ( cont 'd ) sometimes , I make myself remember every detail of he face - the exact color of he eye , he lip , he tooth , the texture of he skin , he hair - that be all go by the time he go . and sometimes , not always , but sometimes I can actually see he . it be as if a cloud move away and there he be . I could almost touch he , but then the real world rush in , and he vanish again . for a while , I do this every morning , when the sun be not too bright outside because the sun somehow make he vanish . he appear and he disappear like a sunrise or sunset , anything so ephemeral . just like we life - we appear and we disappear and we be so important to some , but , we be just pass through . jesse ( toast ) to pass through . ext . walk - evening celine and jesse be walk through a very old area , in mid - conversation . jesse «+ . and eventually he catch he face in the window 's reflection . and he realize he 's no longer a nine - year - old boy , right ? he 's suddenly old , he 's get a beard , he eye be watery , and he 's still - celine oh , this one seem sad . at first I think you be go to tell I the story about the guy that have a imaginary friend . jesse which one ? celine and when he 's in he fifty the imaginary friend show up again , right ? jesse with the hummingbird ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. celine yes , that 's the one . jese yeah . oh , you like that one ? celine it 's funny . jesse oh. celine remember that letter that you let I read that you write when you be twenty , to yourself at forty ? jesse yeah , I remember the first sentence : dear forty - Year - Old jesse , I hope you be not divorced . celine no , I do not even remember that part . I mean all the other thing in that letter ... you be the same guy . jesse yeah ... celine I mean , we always think we be evolve , but maybe we can not change that much . jesse you know how I think I have change the most ? celine how ? jesse when I be young I just want time to speed up . you know ? celine why ? jesse well . so I could be on my own . so I could be free from my parent and school and all that shit . you know ? ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. jesse ( cont 'd ) I just want to close my eye and wake up and be a adult . and then I kind of feel like that all happen and I just want everything to slow down . celine hm ... it 's strange - I have always have this feel , no matter where I be in my life , that it 's either a memory or a dream . jesse I know , you have always think that . and I too , it 's like , be this really my life ? like , be it happen right now ? celine it be . jesse I know . celine and jesse laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) every year I just seem to get a little bit more humble and more overwhelm about all the thing I be never go to know or understand . celine that 's what I keep tell you . you know nothing ! jesse I know , I know ! I be come around ! celine and jesse laugh . celine but not know be not so bad . I mean , the point be to be look , search . to stay hungry , right ? jesse I know , it 's true . I just wish it be a little easier . celine how do you mean ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . jesse well , just to maintain a certain level of passion , you know ? I mean it use to come so naturally . I remember when I be young , I and all my writer friend , we just feel like we be do something important , you know ? like this be we time . celine but you be all a bunch of arrogant little prick , right ? jesse no , we - celine sound like . ( laugh ) jesse all right , maybe . I do not know , it just grow out of all this energy you know , this creativity or whatever ambition people have . you know , I think you gotta be a little delude to stay motivate . celine Young man have this thing about compare themselves all the time . they have all this signpost they judge themselves by . you use to do that all the time . jesse do what ? what do you mean ? celine with like : rimbaud read this by seventeen , f. Scott fitzgerald do this by thirty ... jesse and balzac write a book before breakfast every day , so what the hell be I do ? celine yeah . but woman do not think that way as much . jesse you do not think so ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. celine no . we have much less to compare ourselves to maybe . most woman who achieve anything in life , the first time you hear about they , they be in they 50' , because it be so hard for they to get any recognition before then . they struggle for 30 year or they raise kid and be strand at home before they could finally do what they want . actually , you know what ? it 's kind of freeing . we do not have to spend we life compare ourselves to Martin luther King , Gandhi , tolstoy ... jesse ( laugh ) well , what about Joan of Arc , right ? I mean , she be a teenager and she save France . so ... celine who want to be Joan of Arc , okay ? jesse no ? celine forget France . she be burn at the stake and a virgin ! okay ? nothing I aspire to . what a great achievement ! jesse ( laugh ) okay ! all right , all right , all right . whatever . celine ( laugh ) oh , god . jesse what ? celine no , nothing . jesse what ? celine it 's just so weird . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. jesse what do you mean ? celine oh , just this . us. walk , have a conversation ... jesse oh , I know . celine ..+. about something else than schedule , food , work . jesse yeah , I mean , how long 's it be since we just wander around bullshit ? celine do you hear what I hear ? jesse the sea ? celine no. jesse what , oh ! no small foot . nothing be knock over , nothing we have to clean up , no injustice be do . celine yeah . so when be the last time ? jesse when we have nowhere we have to be ? celine yeah . jesse you remember walk around luxembourg garden ? celine yeah . jesse do you ? I use to kick you ass at ping pong on that concrete table . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. celine hey , congratulation ! you beat a woman pregnant with twin ! jesse well , it 's better than lose to a pregnant woman with twin . celine such a gentleman ! yeah . jesse ( a beat ) hah-ha ! you know what I think ? I think its from the time we leave we parent house until we have kid - that 's the only time you life be completely you own . you know I think I have about a decade of that . it be great . it be just like one long , flow ... a day , a week , a year , there be not much difference . celine no , I use to keep track of time through job and boyfriend and stuff like that . now I can tell you every detail of the past seven year base on what be happen in the girl ' life . jesse yeah , right . totally . celine you do that too ? jesse yeah , I mean time 's demarcate now ... celine really ? jesse why ? celine no , no , I be just surprised . I be surprised you do that too . no but , okay - quick test . jesse oh , no ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. celine August 2009 . come on , it 's a quick one . what be happen ? jesse August 2009 - we be on vacation with you parent . Nina get the chicken pox first , quickly follow by ella . celine I be so impressed . jesse yeah . so do I get a gold star ? celine maybe . hey . can I ask you a question ? jesse sure . celine if we be meeting for the first time today on a train , would you find I attractive ? jesse of course . celine no , but really , right now as I be ? would you start talk to I ? would you ask I to get off the train with you ? celine / jesse ( laugh ) jesse well , I mean , you be ask a theoretical question . I mean , what would my life situation be ? I mean technically , would not I be cheating on you ? celine okay . why can not you just say " yes " ? jesse no , I do . I say , " of course " ! that be - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. celine no-no- no ! I want you to say something romantic and you blow it . jesse oh , okay . alright , wait - if I see you on a train , okay , listen . I would lock eye with you . celine uh-huh . jesse and then I would walk right up to you and I would say , " hey , baby . you be make I as horny as a billy goat in a briar patch . " he grab she ass . celine stop it , that 's disgusting ! billy goat . no , the truth be , you fail the test . and the fact be , you would not pick I up on a train . you would not even notice I , a fat -ass middle - age mom , lose she hair . jesse okay . ( laugh ) lose she hair ? celine yeah , that 's I ! jesse you set I up to fail . honestly , you do . celine okay , true . true . jesse alright ? alright ? but in the real world , baldy , on game day when it matter , I did talk to you on a train . I do that , it be the best thing I ever do . celine really ? look at the goat . hello . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65. jeese hey . alright . you know , that 's not even a good question , all right ? the real question would be if I did ask you to get off a train ... celine yeah ? jesse would you get off with I ? celine no , of course not . I have people wait for I . jesse yeah , see , so ? celine you know , and ( laugh ) a forty-one - year - old horny billy goat ? how creepy ! I be creepe out right now . help , politzia ! jesse I can not believe I be 41 . celine yeah , I neither . you have get so old . I never think I would sleep with anyone over 40 . jesse yeah , yeah ... what ? celine actually , you know what ? you be the oldest guy I have ever sleep with . jesse well , that 's something . that 's good . celine it 's true . jesse I know I be not the oldest guy you have ever blow . celine what ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66. jesse that conference in Warsaw ? celine what conference ? jesse lech walesa . celine lech walesa ... oh , what be you talk about ? jesse it 's okay . it be before we be together , you can admit it . I can remember the way you talk about how he " open you heart " . you definitely blow he . definitely . celine oh , okay . you be really crazy . that be Gorbachev , okay ? you geographically challenge , football obsessed , donut loving american . that be Gorbachev . jesse I be sorry , I get my Eastern bloc leader mix up . okay ? celine and I do not blow he at all ! okay ? take it back ! jesse okay . all right , okay . okay ! celine God ! jesse so be it vaclav havel ? or - celine all right , you know .. ext . walk part two - evening they be now walk through a small , very old town . jesse listen to this . I be go to wait to tell you this until later but , whatever . I be so bad with secret . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67. celine what ? you have a tumor in you brain ? you be go to die ? jesse no , no , no , no . nothing like that alright ? well actually , it 's kinda like that . my grandmother die . celine what ? when ? jesse yeah , my dad texted I right before we eat . celine oh , I be so sorry . why do not you tell I ? jesse ah , I know . well , everybody 's be expect it . you know , she live a long time , have a great life . she be ninety -six . celine okay . she do not live much longer after you grandfather die , though . jesse no , barely a year . I mean the funny thing be , this woman be a frickin ' saint . celine yeah . jesse she be a nurse in the war , she take care of all of we , you know . I mean , she never say a unkind word about anybody . celine ah , I wish I would meet she . jesse no , it 's okay , because by the end , you know , she just really be not into meeting new people . I mean after a lifetime of be sweet as pie - once grandpa die , she get kinda ornery . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68. celine well you know , it happen , she be in mourn , no ? jesse well , my dad say she be just wait to die . celine how long be they marry ? jesse 74 year . celine fuck ! jesse ( laugh ) yeah . celine how be that even possible ? how old will we be if we be together seventy - four year ? jesse mm ... well , when would we start count from ? celine I guess from the first time we have sex . no ? jesse okay . yeah , good . so , so um , 1994 . ( muttering , calculate under his breath ) celine okay . ' 94 ... fifty - six year from now . jesse okay . we will be ninety - eight . celine / jesse ugh !!! celine will you be able to put up with I for another fifty - six more year ? I need to know ! okay ? ' Cause I do not know if I be gonna be able to put up with you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . jesse it 's crazy if you think about all the change they see . I mean , when they meet neither one of they have electricity . he use to take she to school on he horse , right ? celine oh , that 's so romantic ... it 's incredible . jesse I know . when they graduate , he be valedictorian and she be salutatorian . celine what be that ? jesse he be top of the class and she be second . celine I bet she knowingly get a couple of answer wrong just to make sure he do not feel threaten . jesse well , if she want to get laid , she would better have . celine yeah , obviously like you - know - who . jesse right . well , anyway , so I call my dad , right ? after I get the text , just to ... celine yeah , yeah , of course , yeah . jesse .+.- you know , tell he I be sorry ... but I think I kind of screw up . at some point I tell he ' hey dad , you be a orphan now . ' he do not think that be funny . celine no , it 's not funny at all . jesse yeah , I guess not . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. jesse ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) celine he 's next , then you . jesse I know . well , he tell I that my grandparent want to have a joint service . they want to have they ash intermingled and be bury as one . celine you grandfather do not have a funeral ? jesse no , remember ? they vow to each other they would never have to attend one another 's funeral . celine oh , yeah . I kind of like the idea of you attend mine . jesse ( laugh ) what ? celine imagine you in a suit , clean shaven for once ... and hold hand with the girl ... I do not know , I like it . jesse you be gonna outlive I . celine well , I will see . I guess one of we will see . jesse you think you want to go to the service with I ? celine to Texas ? jesse uh , it 's not go to be in Paris . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71. celine how bad do you want I there ? I mean I would come but it 's really expensive with the flight ... jesse just skip it - it would be simpler to go alone . celine ( to barking Dog ) oh , hello . jesse hello , buddy . celine well you know , if I be not there it will be easier for you to fuck you cousin . jesse ( laugh ) yes , that 's true . celine yeah . be not that common where you come from ? I mean ... you do not answer the question . jesse what question ? celine will you be able to put up with I for another 56 more year ? jesse I be look forward to it . celine shit , you be really work it . jesse ( Spanish accent return ) Ze nectar of you sex age like a fine wine . celine uh-oh , my hairy Spanish lover be back . jesse Greek . I be Greek now , for sure . Greek , yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. celine ( a beat ) oh ! look at this ! wow . this place sort of remind I of this film I see when I be a teenager . it be a black and white film from the 5as . I remember a couple walk through the ruin of pompeii , look at body that have be lie there for century . I remember the body catch in they sleep , still lovingly hold each other . I do not know why , sometimes I have this image in my mind when , you know , we be asleep and you hold I . jesse what , of be bury alive under molten ash , that 's what you be think about ? celine yeah ! ( laugh ) jesse that 's not very fun . celine ( laugh ) well ... I do not know , it 's not horrible . they have some body with little kid sleep between they ... jesse oh , that 's nice ! celine yeah ! I guess I be young and a bit morbid - I mean at that age you romanticize the idea of die with the person you love . jesse well , you wanna die with I ? celine maybe , if it be , you know , we first night together , then , a long time ago . but now , no . I would like to live ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. jesse well , I just want you to say something romantic and you blow it ! putain de merde ! celine oh , no ! putain de merde , I blow it . okay , if we be both 98 you can ask I again , but anytime sooner ... ehhnt ! ( whisper ) sorry . they be walk by a old , tiny Chapel . jesse hey , this be the chapel I be tell you about . it 's from the byzantine era , it 's like a thousand year old . celine can we go in ? jesse yeah . I think so . check this out . hello ? hello . celine oh , wow ! they enter . int . chapel - afternoon jesse it 's a shrine to Saint odilia , a patron saint to eyesight . people come from all over , they leave little dedication to the blind , to help restore sight . celine I be sure it work . he be look at the old fade painting on the wall . jesse maybe . this painting here , they make I think of that japanese monk , you know , with they deal on impermanence . they like to paint with water on rock on a hot day so by the time they be do it 's already evaporate . celine notice all the icon have be subtly deface . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74. celine all the eye be scratch out . be that about the blindness ? jesse no , I think that too , but the caretaker guy , he tell I that the Turks do that during the occupation . celine that 's it ! I be never eat turkish food again . jesse oh , okay . well , that will send a shiver through the international community . celine okay fine , then I will never suck another turkish cock . jesse ( laugh ) now that 's gonna have a global impact . celine oh , that 's terrible . no , I forget you be a closet Christian . be it really bad to make blow - job joke in a church ? jesse just shrug . jesse kind of be , okay ? but we have do worse . celine ( a beat ) the girl ask I again what we wedding be like . jesse yeah ? what would you say ? celine I say it be very low key . jesse yeah , very low key . so low key I do not even remember it . celine very quaker . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . celine ( cont 'd ) I do not know why they want we to be marry so badly . it 's important to they . jesse we be in a church . you want to get marry ? celine no. jesse no. celine it 's just all that fairy tale they like so much , you know ? remember when they be little , at the end of every cartoon they watch , they would be all " oh they be get marry ! " even if it 's pinocchio and he dad , or Donald duck and he nephew . ext . walk part three - evening they be now walk through the town on they way to the shore . celine so if we be go to spend another fifty - six more year together ... jesse yeah ? celine «+ . what about I would you like to change ? jesse ( smirk ) that 's another one of you can not - win question . I be not answer that . celine what do you mean ? there 's not one thing you would like to change about I ? I be perfect ? jesse okay . celine okay . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . jesse actually ... celine one thing . jesse «+ . if I could change one thing about you ... celine uh-huh . jesse '' + . it would be for you to stop try to change I . celine you be a very skilled manipulator , you know that ? jesse well , I be onto you . I know how you work . celine you think ? jesse yeah . I know everything about you . here we go . let 's go through here . celine I do not think you do , actually . ( laugh ) jesse ( laugh ) no ? well , I know you better than I know anybody else on the planet . but ... maybe that 's not say much . celine I mean right now ? jesse what ? celine this be great . you know ? jesse right . yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. celine I feel close to you . jesse yeah . celine but sometimes , I do not know , I feel like you be breathe helium and I be breathe oxygen . jesse ( helium voice ) what make you say that ? huh ? celine see ? I be try to truly connect - jesse ( helium voice ) what ? come on , I be just be myself ! celine - and you make a joke ! that 's exactly what I be talk about ! jesse oh , listen , come on , come on . if we be ever go to truly know one another , I think we would probably have to get to know ourselves better first . celine yeah . do you remember this friend of mine ? George , from New York . jesse no. celine oh , no , that be before . that be before . jesse what be ? celine he be this friend of mine that , when he find out he have leukemia , and he be probably go to die , he confess to I that the first thing that come to he mind be relief . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. jesse relief ? but why ? celine well , before he find out he have nine month to live he be always so worried about money , and now he think be , great ! I have more than enough money to live for the next nine month , I have make it ! jesse ( laugh ) oh , okay . celine and then he be finally able to enjoy everything about life , even like be stick in traffic . he would just enjoy look at people ... stare at they face . just little thing . jesse and then what happen ? celine what do you mean ? jesse well , like , be he still alive ? celine no , he die . a long time ago . jesse ( a beat ) last night I have this dream where I be read a book . it be a lose classic , " the rover " . celine " the rover " ? jesse yeah , like rove around , you know , wander ? it be all this young people . celine okay . be that a real book ? jesse no , no , no . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . celine no? jesse but it be really great . celine okay . jesse it be fresh , funny , experimental , it have all this energy ... celine I love that you read book in you dream . jesse I know , and they be always really good . celine I have major action hero dream , like I be fly around like a superhero , break through wall . and at the end , I have a orgasm . jesse ( laugh ) well , I be gonna try to make you dream come true , babe . they arrive at the waterfront . the sun be now set over the ocean . ext . cafe - evening they be now sit at a outdoor table with a couple of glass of wine , stare at the last bit of the fireball , quickly disappear . celine still there . still there . ... still there . still there . ... go . they sit in silence . eventually , jesse look over at celine and notice she 's move . he just take she hand . the sun be now go . int . HOTEL lobby - night as they be check into the hotel , jesse be signing various paperwork . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80. HOTEL clerk # 1 I need you credit card . jesse oh , I think the room be pay for . HOTEL clerk # 1 yes it be , but the credit card be for ( speak Greek ) celine incidentals . jesse right , of course . another HOTEL clerk ( # 2 ) emerge from office with he two book . sofia Mr. wallace ? jesse yeah ? sofia I be such a fan of this two book . my husband give I you book on we first date and then when you second book come out , we read it out loud together . jesse oh , wow . sofia would you please sign they to we ? jesse yeah , of course , of course . sofia thank you . jesse I love the art work on this Greek edition , it 's really nice . uh , what do you need ? sofia make it to sofia and pavlos . jesse okay . how 's the Greek translation ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81. as jesse sign the book , the Hotel clerk start pay attention to celine . sofia well , it 's call " afti it fora , ekini it fora " jesse " ekini it fora . " sofia but I be not sure it 's a great one . jesse well , that 's because you never read it in English , right ? sofia exactly . ... that 's great . could you sign they too ? celine I ? sofia yes . you be the real madeline , right ? celine madeline ? not really . people assume it 's I but it 's - it 's not I at all . he 's get a big imagination . sofia would you be so kind ? it would mean so much to my husband . the book be pass to celine . celine I can not sign a book I do not write . it do not make - jesse pass the book to celine . jesse she would be happy to . sofia okay . thank you . celine I be happy to . she begin to sign . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. jesse efharisto . celine okay . thank you . sofia great . thank you so much . int . HOTEL room - night celine and jesse enter the room . jesse check it out ! celine wow , this be nice ! jesse yeah . celine clean ... air conditioning ... I love it ! oh my god . jesse it 's great . celine wow , oh wow , that bath tub . jesse go over to the table to examine what 's on it . jesse hey , check this out . stefanos and ariadni get we a bottle of wine and a couple 's massage . celine they be so nice , we have to get they a present before we leave . jesse I know , we should remember to get something for the kid , too . celine yeah , I know . for sure . wow . I miss the girl . jesse seductively touch she . jesse mmm , I do not . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83. then kiss she . she eventually look out the window . celine this be such a nice view . look. jesse the only view that I be interested in ... celine what ? jesse .-. be right ... here . here . let 's see this . he slowly undoe she top , revealing she still - perfect breast . they kiss passionately . jesse ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what ? celine ( touch he chin ) it 's funny . I never notice until today but ... all the red in you beard be go . it use to be one of the thing that make I fall for you , it 's crazy . jesse well , it 's not go , it 's just white . you be not gonna tell I that you love be dependent on pigment , be you ? no ? celine no , but you know , I see the red in we girl ' eyelash . I look at they and it make I think of when we meet . jesse you know what I be look forward to ? celine yeah ? what ? jesse after uh ... celine after ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84. jesse yeah . ( laugh ) celine what ? jesse be waking up next to you alone . celine you mean without Nina and ella jump on we head . jesse exactly . I have not hear you think in year now . celine think ? jesse I use to wake up to that sound of you eye open and close , and that brain of yours go two million mile a hour . I miss it , hearing you think . celine when you say you could hear I think , I really think you could . but it be just my eyelid . how dumb and romantic of I . jesse it 's my favorite thing . celine I miss think , too . no more think in the morning , no more morning sex . jesse tomorrow ... celine I be look forward to it so much , I do not think I will sleep . jesse I be look forward to right now . celine okay , then stop talk , so we can fuck . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 . they kiss until celine 's cell phone ring . celine ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) oh , shit , who be it ? jesse the kid . celine crawl out of bed and head across the room toward she bag . celine I say they could call in case of emergency only . hope the girl be okay . okay . oh , it 's Henry . okay . celine pick up . celine ( cont 'd ) hi sweetie - be you okay ? be you in London ? oh ! oh , already ? ( listen ) oh , no , we find it . uh , we will mail it tomorrow morning . ( listen ) yeah . ohh , they miss you , too . I will kiss they for you . okay , I will tell he . good luck with you mom - I love you too . bye . celine hang up . jesse gesture for the phone be again ignore . celine ( cont 'd ) he 's fine . he say he will call you from Chicago when he land . jesse why can not I talk to he ? that 's twice you have do that . c'mon , you could have just hand I the phone . you know I want to talk to he . celine well , he do not have time to talk - he say they be board . jesse and what would he forget ? what be that ? jesse glare . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86. celine his science project . but we will mail it tomorrow . it will be fine . jesse you should not have say that about he mom . celine what ? what do I say ? jesse " good luck with you mom . " ( laugh ) I mean , come on - celine I do not mean anything by it . jesse I know , but it 's not good . it just remind he of the whole thing . I just wish you would not do that ... celine oh , like you think he forget ? jesse no ... celine that 's so american to just sweep it under the carpet and act as if it do not happen . jesse why put it into he head ? you know ? what if he do not want to be think about that right now ? he 's too stress . celine it mean nothing . jesse it mean something . it do . celine alright , I even make a joke the other day that he mom and I should try to settle it in one big mud wrestle contest . jesse mud wrestle ? you say that ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87. celine and he laugh . he might have more of a sense of humor than you do . come on . jesse we just talk about that . when you say bad thing about he mom , what he hear be bad thing about himself . celine well , I do not say anything bad about he mom . I make a joke ; it 's as much on I as it be on she . jesse well you be right . I know , I know , I know . just why conjure it up at all , you know ? jesse get up out of bed and go across the room , go to celine 's purse and turn off she phone . celine I think he 's old enough now . I mean , he know how bad it be between he mother and I . jesse his mom and I . celine and I do not do anything , it 's all come from she towards I . okay , she hate I ; yes , I fuck she husband a long time ago . or should I say , he fuck I ? jesse yeah , right ! celine make a joke about the fact that he mom and I do not love each other be not the issue . that 's not go to traumatize he . that already happen , alright , and now you be try to transfer you guilt and blame I ? jesse no , I be not . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. celine you know , on the contrary , if he can make a joke about it , maybe he will be able to live with it better . that 's what I think . jesse okay . you be right . as always . let 's just not talk about it , okay ? celine it 's nobody 's fault if he mom be a drunk and abusive psychologically . jesse do not say that ! celine I mean , it make I sick that he have to be with she , but I guess judge assume that woman have the mother instinct . she have the mother instinct of medea ! jesse go to the bathroom and wash off he face . jesse medea , huh ? celine yeah , after all , it be a Greek myth . jesse it 's actually a play by euripide , but - celine a woman kill she kid to punish she ex-husband ? that 's basically what she 's do , she 's hurt he to get to you . jesse no , she 's make my life hell through he , that 's what she 's do . you know , sometimes , you say thing that just go too far . celine okay , stop blame I for everything that be wrong in this whole thing with you wife , okay ? jesse ex -wife ! ex - wife for a long time ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . celine okay , you should have deal with it a little better back then . she would not have hate we so much . jesse okay -- I screw up . and I love this little re-write you do : everything that be not perfect in we life get laid at my foot ... celine and now you be put this shit on I about Henry ? jesse what shit ? what be you talk about ? jesse take off he pants and return to the bed . celine immediately begin put on she top and get up . celine let I tell you what I be talk about : the move to Chicago and give up of my life . now that you mention that Henry need you , how do you think that make I feel ? I be miserable ! alright ? how can I take that job now ? tell I ! jesse okay . celine tell I . I '11 feel too guilty ! no - no-no-no-no ! jesse look , look . that 's a choice you be make , to look at it like that , alright ? celine it be in the nature of woman to be the nurturah . jesse the what ? celine nur-tchur-yer . jesse the nurturer ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90. celine okay , I can not even say that fuck word ! I just naturally feel bad about everything . and you give I that look , like it 's my fault . jesse what look ? celine that look , the I -forgot- to- put - in - the-bag-the-science - project -look . I know you blame I . jesse I do not say anything . celine no . you do not say anything . you do not have to . yeah , yeah , it 's always my fault . jesse yeah right . celine walk across the room , sit on the couch , and turn on she phone again . celine I read on the fridge at work - you know that magnet word that people make sentence with ? someone have put together , " woman explore for eternity in the vast garden of sacrifice . " jesse ( laugh ) wow ! that 's a sure sign from God ! celine yeah . that line be so damn true and it 's be for ten thousand year . but that 's enough ! okay . I do not want to be one of this woman . like marriage be important to gay or contraception to woman rights - it 's the same with give up my hope , with the million of woman that have have to give up they hope . I be not go to do it . this be bigger than I . this mean more than I . jesse burst into applause . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91. jesse wow ! bravo ! the Nobel committee be take note . I be just - hold ona second , I be gonna alert Sweden , okay ? I mean , it must be a full - time job carry that much feminine oppression . celine it be . jesse you suffer so much grow up in middle - class Paris ! I mean , the agony in the trenches of the sorbonne in the post- feminist era . I can not imagine . celine you be a asshole . you know what sweetie , when be we move to Chicago ? I want to make sure we be able to find a nice house and I can sew the drape and pick match bed cover . jesse so this be how you now want to be spend this evening ? I mean , this be what you wanna do tonight ? celine well , you start it . jesse no . you be the one who will not shut up about it . but if you want to talk about it , I mean , really talk about it . I would prefer to have a unemotional , rational conversation . I mean , do you think we can do that ? would that be possible ? celine here we go . unemotional , rational . you always play the part of the one and only rational one and I be the irrational , hysterical , hormone - crazy one because I have emotion . yeah , you sit back and you speak from you big perspective which mean everything you say be level - head and true . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. jesse I do not always do anything . celine the world be fuck by unemotional rational man decide shit , alright ? politician go to war for no reason , corporate head decide to wreck the environment , Cheney , Rumsfeld - very rational man . jesse Cheney and Rumsfeld ? yeah , okay . celine the final solution ? very rational think behind it . jesse ( laugh ) oh , okay , so we be there now ? we versus the final solution ? okay ! let 's do it , alright ? let I ask you this , alright ? do you think Henry 's life would be help by a more consistent presence by you and I ? celine here we go ... jesse get up from the bed , put he pants back on , and join celine on the couch . jesse no . you will not drop it , so let 's talk about it . alright ? let I just ask you one question . do you think hank 's life would be better serve by a more consistent presence from you and I ? celine yes ! I think it would be better if he live with we ... jesse okay . celine .+. and I think he mom be a fuck alcoholic , hateful cunt that use the time that we be in Paris and I be give birth and almost die to ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93. celine ( cont 'd ) legally move Henry out of New York . fuck she . jesse okay . I agree with you . unfortunately , we cannot go get he out of America but we could , if we want to , go to he . now , I know it would be a big move , but what do you think ? I mean , be there any way you could be happy in the u.s.? be that just out of the realm of possibility ? that you could find a comparable job there ? celine comparable job ? be you kid ? jesse no. celine why be I the one that always have to make the compromise ? jesse oh , Jesus Christ . do not be so dramatic , okay ? celine well , move to Chicago be pretty fuck dramatic to I . jesse I be not say we should move . I just want to talk about it . can you be my friend for like two second so we can talk ? celine okay , two second . jesse alright . do you remember that time that you be like 35 minute late to pick the girl up from school and you be so stress out because you know they be out there in the playground wonder what the hell have happen to you . okay , that be the way I feel all the time , you know like I fuck up . I mean , I leave he behind and I just wanna go get he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94. celine you always get like this when you drop he off . you be sad , so you start a fight . he 's fine . he 's a great kid . okay ? but the truth be , he do not need you the way he use to . you miss the opportunity to be with he everyday of he childhood , you just do . and you can cry about it but he 's grow up . you be a great father in other way . you get divorced , like million of other people . be it ideal ? no. listen , if in one month , you still want I to quit my job and give up everything I have ben work towards all this year , just ask I . but right now I feel the same way I always have . I would move back to the US if that disease ex - wife of yours would give we joint custody . but every other weekend amount to shit jesse , that 's less than thirty day a semester and I do not think it 's worth it for we to change we entire life over that kind of time . jesse I know , you be right . celine right , right ? see ? I be be the rational one . jesse oh , it 's just such a shitty position , you know ? I mean hank do not do anything but he 's the one get kick in the tooth . celine we all get drag through we parent ' life . if it be not I , you marriage would have end over something else and you know that . jesse absolutely . celine or even worse , he would have be raise by two miserable parent . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . jesse I know . I just really fuck that up . celine you mean you fuck up by move to Paris to be with I ? jesse no . that 's not what I mean ... celine I know that be go to cost too much . jesse that 's not what I mean at all ! celine I tell you not to do it . jesse stop it . celine I move to New York with you for two year and give up everything , but I need to be home to give birth to the twin because it be a complicated birth and I want to be with my mother . and you want it too ! jesse yes . okay . celine okay . that 's the one thing I ask from you , the one thing . and now you be go to blame I forever . jesse stop it will you ? stop it . if you do not want to move back to the States we will not . end of story . I be just try to find a way where I can be more of a consistent presence in he life , and ideally I would like to do that as a family . celine ' as a family ? ' or what ? jesse what the fuck do that mean ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96. celine I feel a passive aggressive threat in everything you say . either do this , or I will resent you for the rest of we life . silence . celine ( cont 'd ) no? be I right ? you know what ? I be sense something ... I think the problem be that you do not want I to have a more substantial job . on some level , you feel threaten by my achieve anything that could diminish you status in we relationship . jesse my status in we relationship ? I teach two course a semester at the fuck american school . ok wow , that 's really some status . celine now I do not think it 's any coincidence that you feel that way at the same time that I have a truly exciting job opportunity . jesse this whole train of think be complete horse shit and you know it . celine I have a question for you . if we do not have the girl , all we crap . would we even still be together ? jesse what ? I mean you be the fuck Mayor of crazy town , do you know that ? you be . celine you know what I think ? I think you need to move to Chicago . I think Henry need you and I think I need to stay in Paris with the girl and take this job . jesse why be you do this , huh ? that be a ridiculous idea . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. jesse ( cont 'd ) like I be gonna lose you and the girl ? no . why do you make everything so difficult ? celine jesse , you be unhappy with I . you be blame I for take you away from you son . jesse that be a completely irrational response to something I be just try to feel my way through . celine listen , jesse . we have just spend the last six week here and it 's be great . you have be able to write everyday and the weather 's be nice . but I do not want to come to Greece originally . jesse I know . celine all right ? there could be a revolution any second ... jesse do not . celine people eat a lot of fota and olive oil , they act all happy but they actually talk about how " angry " they be ... and it confuse I and I do not know what 's go to happen in the next few week . jesse whoa , whoa , whoa . let I tell you what 's go to happen alright . the same thing that always happen : nothing . celine alright . you know what ? I have have absolutely zero time for myself , I have ten thousand email I have to answer that I do not answer ... jesse and you think I do not ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98. celine I spend all day make dinner , wiping both you and you son 's pee off the toilet seat , while you talk to you fellow novelist . blah , blah , blah , you be a genius , blah , blah , blah , no , you be a genius . and the second we say goodbye to Henry , you suggest that maybe I should give up my dream job because you feel bad . jesse oh. okay , now it 's you dream job ?! this afternoon you be not even sure you want it but now it 's you dream job . do you ever listen to yourself ? celine yes it be my dream job ! just because I have doubt do not mean I do not want it . jesse okay . celine all right ? but what do you care ? every day you go on you two hour " contemplative " walk under the olive tree . socrate ... you should get a robe . jesse it 's a hour . celine no , by the time you leave , and by the time you be actually with we again , two hour . you know , I could never do that . you be very good at take care of yourself . I take care of myself , and everything else . we be go somewhere , you pack you bag , I pack everything else . jesse you would never let I pack the girl ' shit . never ! celine because there would be no shoe and plenty of dirty underwear . jesse so say you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . celine I be happy you have time to contemplate the universe and have existential problem because I do not - I barely have time to think . I work , I baby - sit , I work , I baby -sit . jesse wander off into the bathroom to take a pee . jesse could you hold on a second ? I just have to tune up the string section ... celine you know what ? the only time I get to think now , be when I take a shit at the office . I be start to associate thought with the smell of shit . jesse well , that be a good line - I want to use that in a book someday . celine I be sure you will - and that will be the best line in the book . she walk over and talk to he directly while he 's in the bathroom . celine ( cont 'd ) and by the way , you may never , ever , use I or anything I say or do in one of you fuck book again ! and that go for the girl , too . jesse come back out . jesse well , a ) you should not have hook up with a writer . B ) you be not in the last book or the one I be write now . C ) I be gonna write about whatever the fuck I want . celine as always , our life work for you . jesse no , no , no . do not give I this put upon housewife bullshit . okay this be not the 50' . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to ruin you perfect little narrative of oppression with the truth but I be the one who 's at home everyday deal with the bullshit cause you be at work until 6:30 . celine 6 o'clock . jesse you take the girl to school , and I pick they up . that 's fair , that 's we deal . we live in Paris , France for chrissake . celine yeah , and you remind I of it every single day . jesse I have orbite my entire life around you and you know it . so I be sorry if this summer 's vacation - and it be a vacation - because all I have see you do be frolic in the sea and shove greek salad down you throat . ok , but it be not indicative of you spend you life in some kind of domestic servitude . celine you know what I love about man ? they still believe in magic . Little fairy around who pick up they sock , little fairy unload the dishwasher , little fairy sunscreen the kid . Little fairy who make the fuck Greek salad that you eat like a pig . jesse okay , listen to I , all right ? you be great at take care of we . you be . I mean you take care of the kid , you take care of you friend , you take care of the world . alright ? and you be like that before you be a mom and now its only magnify . but , and I have be tell you this for year - you gotta do a little bit better job take care of yourself . ok , you do . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101. celine okay , stop patronize I , all right ? I be the one at home every night at 6.00 , not 6.30 . I be reliable . have you ever book a baby sitter , ever , in you entire life ? no . what be the name of they pediatrician ? jesse stop quiz I , all right ? it 's really fuck boring . celine yeah , okay . you know what ? I be at home every night and I make dinner , I give bath , and I read bedtime storey . sometimes you be there , sometimes you be at a university event or a publicity tour . ok ? when you get " inspire " you keep on write . I get inspire too sometimes , you know that ? jesse you want to write ? great. write . celine no , but you remember I use to sing and play guitar and write song ? I would still like to do it . but I do not get to - there be not time . jesse okay . well , first off , my write be not a hobby . secondly , I wish you would find the time . you somehow manage to find the time to complain about 8 hour a day . I mean , I love the way you sing . okay ? I fuck up my whole life ' cause of the way you sing . alright ? if you take one eighth of the energy that you spend on bitching , whining and worry ... if you put that energy into play scale , I mean you would be like fuck django reinhardt . celine exit ... jesse ( cont 'd ) okay . all right . whoops . you forget you shoe . ( sigh ) goddamn . Hell . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . and quickly re-enter . celine you think you be win ?! ( almost lose she temper ) very few people realize what it be like for a active or passionate woman to have a child . some friend tell I , " you will see , you will want to throw they out the window . " okay , but the truth be I never want to hurt they once but I think about end it all for myself a hundred time . I be so confuse , and you be always away on a stupid book tour or because of Henry 's custody shit and I do not want to be a burden . now I know why sylvia plath put she head in a toaster . jesse it be a oven . celine ( lose it ) do not play with word . you know what I mean - toaster , oven . same thing . you know how many time I be alone with the girl cry with no clue what to do ? do you know the guilt a mother feel when she do not know what to do ? jesse do you think you have sole ownership of that feel ? celine I do not think you understand , okay ? ( a beat ) you know what my secret fear be ? with every man ? be that they all want to turn I into a submissive housewife . jesse okay , no one could ever do that , all right ? I promise , it would be easier to fit you head into a toaster than to turn you into anything submissive . the whole conversation have take on a calmer tone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103. celine I do not think I have recover since give birth . when they be bear , I have no idea what to do . people expect woman to have instinct that kick in , like a female baboon . but I have no idea how to do anything . I love they so much , and I be do everything wrong . and you be away so often , call I , ask I how my day go , and I could not even say it to you because I feel so ashamed for be so clueless . jesse look , I think you do great . celine no , I do not . jesse no , you do . well , you do a good job fake it , then . celine I remember the only way I could get they to sleep be to drag that stupid double stroller down the stair and walk they for hour and hour in the middle of the night , all the way to pigalle and back . I almost get mug once ... I mean , the only reason why the guy do not attack I be be that I look so pathetic . the only upside of be over 35 be that you do not get rape as much . I read it - its true . jesse laugh . the tone shift . jesse oh , jesus. ( he take she hand ) once I remember I be watch the twin on a trampoline , you know , and they look so beautiful . and I be happy because they be happy , you know . one of they have this hula - hoop that she be use as a jump rope , but then the other one want it so they start fight over it . all of a sudden I see it all , this petty jealously and selfishness ... I remember think : this be the natural ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . jesse ( cont 'd ) human state - always a little dissatisfied , perpetually discontented , you know ? I mean , look at we , here we be , in a garden of eden and we can not stop fight . celine I do not think there be one natural human state . the human state be multiple . if that 's what you see when you be watch the girl play , that mean you be depressed . jesse okay . maybe I be . celine be slowly get revve up again . celine when I see they fight , I see beautiful energy of go forward in life and not let anyone step on they or take away what they want . I like it when they fight - it give I hope for they . jesse well that 's because you see anger as a positive emotion , you know , and you only end up hurt yourself , you work , you kid , I . celine and you never get angry ? jesse when I do , I do not see it as a positive . celine you know something ? the way you write in you book , people come up to I and think I make love to some wildcat Henry Miller type ... ha ! you like to have sex the exact same way every time . jesse when you get it , you get it . celine kissy , kissy . titty , titty . pussy . ( snore ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . jesse I be a man of simple pleasure . celine yeah , very simple , and I have be meaning to tell you that lately . you be no Henry Miller , on any level . you know what , this room give I the creep , I be expect something quaint , like the real Greece . jesse this place be pretty real . celine what the hell be we do here anyway ? this be all too plan , like we be suppose to have this great evening . there 's no room for spontaneity , it be all go from we life . it 's stupid and it 's not work ... jesse okay . well , obviously , right ? celine right , yeah ... and I curse ariadni and that perv stefanos for do this . a couple massage - what the fuck be that ? that sound sleazy to I . jesse we do not have to do it ! okay ? c'mon , this place be not so bad . I like hotel room ... I think they be sexy . celine yeah , I know you do , Mr. Book tour. Mr. radisson Hilton . and I know that time when you be do that read in Washington , when you cell phone supposedly break that night - how convenient . swear on we kid that you do not fuck that lady from the bookstore . Emily . swear to I you do not fuck that Emily girl . and I be not jealous because I be not the jealous type but I just wanna know , be a man and admit the truth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . jesse I be give you my whole life , okay ? I have get nothing larger to give . I be not give it to anybody else . if you be look for permission to disqualify I , I be not go to give it to you . I love you and I be not in conflict about it . but if what you want be a laundry list of all the thing about you that piss I off , I could give it to you . celine yeah - I want to hear . jesse okay ! well , uh , let 's start at number one - okay , number one , you be fuckin ' nut , alright ? you be , good luck find somebody else to put with you shit for more than like 6 month . but I accept the whole package , the crazy and the brilliant . I know you be not go to change , and I do not want you to . it 's call accept you for be you . celine yeah okay , I ask you a question . if , while I be carry the double stroller down the stair and get ass -raped in pigalle , you fuck that little Emily bronte girl ? jesse ok I do not know . Emily ... what Emily ? what be you even talk about ? celine the one who write the nice email about dostoevsky ? " oh jesse , you be so right , " the Grand Commander " be the deep passage of all Russian literature . " jesse if you be ask I if I be commit to you , the girl , and the life we have build together , the answer be a resounding yes . celine so you did fuck she ! thank you very much . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . jesse do I ever ask you about the time you go to go visit you old boyfriend after he mother die ? no . you want to know why ? because I know the way that you fuck french ass work , and I guarantee that you at least blow that guy , but I also know that you love I , okay ? I be okay with you be a complicated human be ! I do not wanna live a boring life where two people own each other , where two people be institutionalized in a box that other create - because that be a bunch of stifling bullshit . petrify , she exit . jesse sit alone wait for she to return . enter celine . she walk in , set she room key down . celine you know what 's go on here ? it 's simple - I do not think I love you anymore . she exit . jesse sit there , gaze from the cold cup of tea , to the door , to the full glass of wine , to the rumple , empty bed . celine do not come back . ext . outdoor cafe / bar - night jesse find celine sit near the same table where they see the sunset earlier . jesse miss ? celine I do not want to talk right now . jesse be you by yourself ? be you wait for somebody ? celine yeah , I be by myself and happy to be . I be a angry person and I hurt my kid , my work , and everyone I love . jesse oh . well , just my type . jesse sit down right across from she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108. celine okay , I be not in the mood - I come here to be alone . jesse yeah , listen . I have just be check you out from across the cafe and I do not want to make you uncomfortable , but you be by far the best look woman in this place . celine thank you very much . jesse I would love to buy you a drink , maybe talk to you , get to know you a little bit ... you know . be you here on business ? nothing . jesse ( cont 'd ) ok .. you have a boyfriend ? celine not anymore . jesse sorry to hear that . God , you want to talk about it ? celine I do not talk to stranger . jesse but that 's the thing , I be not a stranger . no , we have meet before ... summer ' 94 . celine you be mistake I for someone else . jesse no , we even fall in love . celine really ? I vaguely remember someone sweet and romantic , who make I feel I be not alone anymore . someone who have respect for who I be . jesse that 's I . I be that guy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 109 . celine I do not think so . jesse well , see , I know something about tonight that you do not know . celine really . what be that ? jesse something important . see , I know because I have actually already live through this night . celine how ? jesse I be a time traveler . celine okay . jesse I have a time machine up in my room . I have come to save you just like I say I would . celine save I from what ? jesse save you from be blind by all the little bullshit of life . celine it 's not bullshit . jesse I assure you , that guy you vaguely remember , the sweet romantic one who you meet on a train ? that be I . celine that 's you ? jesse yeah . celine guess I do not recognize you ... you look like shit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110. jesse what can I say ? I mean , it 's tough out there in time and space . you , on the other hand be even more beautiful than I remember . celine bullshit ! jesse , this be not a game . you get all cute , you get in my panty and the next thing I know , I be buy peanut butter in Chicago . you be not go to make it better by some little pick up line . jesse I be not try to pick you up - no , no , you misunderstand I . I be only here as a messenger . I have just travel all the way from the future . I be just with you 82 year old self who give I a letter to read to you . so here I be . celine I be still alive in my 80' ? jesse ooohhhh yeah . celine how 's my french ass ? jesse Nice . really nice . celine I do not care about the way I look . jesse let 's just say , there 's even more of you to love . okay , do you want I to read the letter to you ? celine do I have a choice ? jesse oh sure , I mean , if you be not interested in what you have to say ... celine no , no , no . read it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 111. jesse okay , here I go . dear celine , I be write to you from the other side of the wood . this letter be lighting a candle ... celine okay stop it . I would never write this - it 's too flowery , " other side of the wood , " what fuck wood ? what be you talk about ? jesse May I please continue ? celine okay . jesse I be send you this young man . yes , young - and he will be you escort . God know , he have many problem and have struggle he whole life connect and be present even with that he love the most . and for that he be deeply sorry - but you be he only hope . celine , my advice to you be this : you be enter the best year of you life . look back from where I sit now this middle year be only a little bit more difficult then when you be 12 and mathieu and vanessa dance all night to the bee gee 's " how deep be you love . " celine , you will be fine . you girl will grow up to become example and icon of feminism . celine Nice one . jesse yeah , well , you know what I just notice , there 's a Post script at the bottom , look kind of important . maybe I should just skip over the rest of this boring stuff and get to that ? celine yeah , skip away . please , skip away . jesse okay . you sure ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112. celine yeah . jesse okay , all right , well . celine the boring stuff . jesse scoot he chair closer to she . jesse yeah . okay . ( look around , lower he voice ) yeah , it 's like financial tip , horoscope , boring stuff . okay , here it be ... p.s. by the way , the best sex of my life happen one night in the Southern peloponnese . do not miss it . my whole sexual be go to a new , ground - break level . celine ground-break . great . jesse yeah , I do not know what that mean . celine okay , jesse , can you stop this stupid game ? we be not in one of you storey . okay ? do you hear what I say to you back in the room ? do you hear I ? jesse yes , I hear you - that you do not love I anymore . I figure you do not mean it but if you do , then fuck it . you know something ? you be just like the little girl and everybody else - you want to live in some fairy tale . I be just try to make thing better here . I tell you I love you unconditionally , I tell you that you be beautiful , I tell you that you ass look great when you be 80 . I be try to make you laugh . I put up with plenty of you shit , and if you think I be just some dog who 's gonna keep come back then , you be wrong . but if you want true love - this be it . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113. jesse ( cont 'd ) this be real life . it 's not perfect , but it 's real . and if you can not see it , then you be blind , alright ? I give up . jesse crumple up the napkin / letter he be read from and toss it on the table . what follow be a lengthy silent sequence where they just sort of stare at each other , seemingly go through everything past and present . celine so what about this time machine ? jesse what do you mean ? celine how do it work ? jesse well ... it 's complicated . celine be I go to have to get naked to operate it ? jesse 's mood shift , and the camera start to slowly pull away from they as they continue talk . jesse yeah , actually . yeah , it 's be a real issue , you know , clothes do not travel well through the whole space - time continuum . celine ( bimbo voice ) wow . you be so smart . jesse oh , Jesus . celine space-time ...? jesse continuum . celine ' continuum . ' jesse yeah . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 114. celine wow . jesse you know , there 's something I have be think about , about you letter . you mention something about the southern peloponesse ? we be in the southern peloponesse . celine yeah ? jesse do you think it could be tonight that you be still talk about in you 80s ? celine well , it must have be one hell of a night we be about to have . the camera have now pull far away and the conversation have become inaudible . we leave they as just another couple sit and talk at a table on a beautiful night on the coast of Greece . fade out script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library