before sunset by Richard linklater Julie delpy ethan hawke Ze final shoot script 8/25/03 before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 i. ext . paris -- afternoon delerue 's theme from " antoine and Colette " play over a open credit sequence consist of a series of image of Paris . each shot be composition of the street , landmark and the minute detail of this beautiful August afternoon . the last shot begin wide on the Shakespeare bookstore and close in on a sign in the window announce a event : " jesse wallace , young author of the acclaimed best - seller this time , Saturday , August 23 . " a brood picture of jesse be prominent . over the image , we hear a french journalist ask a question . french journalist # 1 ( 0.s. ) do you consider the book to be autobiographical ? int . shakespeare bookstore -- afternoon Inside this funky bookstore , jesse , early 30' , be sit casually with a few journalist and patron . jesse be not everything autobiographical , I mean we ail see the world from we own tiny keyhole . I always think of Thomas wolfe - have you ever see that little one page ' note to reader 's in the front of look homeward , angel . do you know what I be talk about ? vague affirmative . . jesse ( cont 'd ) anyway , he say how we be the sum of all the moment of we life , that anybody who write will use the clay of they life , that you can not avoid that . I remember he say he can not imagine anything more autobiographical then Gulliver 's Travels . int / ext . before sunrise montage over the next section of dialog , we see a approximately 90 second series of shot from before sunrise that silently tell the story : boy meet girl on a train , boy and girl get to know one another , boy and girl kiss , get more intimate , part at dawn . jesse ( 0.s. } when I look at my life , I have to admit I have never be around a bunch +e ee betore sunrise sequei pank page 24/8/03 '' he jesse ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) of gun or violence , a helicopter crash , political intrigue . but my life , from my point of view , have be full of drama . and one of the most exciting thing that 's ever happen to I be actually connect with another person and I think if I could write a book that could capture that , make that connection valuable , that possibility ... anyway that be the attempt . I do not know if that answer you question ... he kh of french journalist # 1 " will be more specific . be there ever a young french woman on a train you meet and spend a evening with ? jesse see to I , that 's not important . french journalist # 2 so , that 's a yes ? jesse okay , since this be the last stop of my book tour and I be in France , yes . we be now near the end of the montage where celine and jesse say they good - by at the train station and be soon travel alone . french journalist # 1 the book end on a ambiguous note - we do not know . do you think they get back together in six month like they promise each other ? jesse I think how you answer that be a good test as to whether you ‘are a romantic or a cynic . * he look at the journalist and point at each of they as he speak . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 3 . jesse ( cont 'd ) you think they get back together , you do not , you hope they do but be not sure . french journalist # 1 but do you think they do ? do you in real life ? jesse well , in the word of my grandfather , to answer that would take the piss outta the whole thing . still offscreen , the bookstore manager chime in . manager ( 0.s. ) we have time for one last question . int . shakespeare bookstore -- afternoon we be now back inside . french journalist # 2 what be you next book ? jesse I have always want to write a book where the whole thing happen within the space of one pop song . french journalist # 1 what song ? jesse T do not know , have not write it yet - " the Long and winding Road " maybe ... the story 's about this guy live in Miami at he in - law beach house , and he 's totally depressed . his great dream be to be a adventurer , a lover , riding motorcycle through South America . but instead , he sit at this marble table eat lobster , he 's get a job , a beautiful . wife , all that he need , but none of it matter - what he want be to fight for meaning . across the room , celine emerge from behind a row of book , where she 's be hide and listen . jesse ( cont 'd ) happiness be in the do , right ? not get what you want . * before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8403 4. jesse ( cont 'd ) and just that second he five year - old daughter ' jump up on the table . he know she should not be there ~ she could get hurt . but she be dance to this pop song in a summer dress . celine be look at he . jesse ( cont 'd ) all of sudden he 's 16 and he high - school sweetheart be drop he off at home . they just lose they virginity and she love he and the same song be play on the car radio , and she climb up dance on the roof of the car . and now he 's worried about she . she 's beautiful with a facial expression just like he daughter . maybe that 's why he like she . he know he be not remembering this dance . he be there - he be there in both moment simultaneously . in fact he pull away from a kiss with the girlfriend so as to not offend he daughter . both moment be real , happen together . for @ moment all he life be foid in and it 's obvious to he that time be a lie ... he look up and see celine for the first time . jesse ( cont 'd ) its all happen all the time and inside every moment , be another , all happen simultaneously . he take a beat , still look at celine , not sure what to do next . jesse ( cont 'd ) anyway , that 's kinda the idea , anyway . manager we author need to be go to the airport soon . I would like to thank all ef you for come over this afternoon , and especially like to thank Mr. wallace for be with we . we hope to see you again with you next book . so everyone , please help yourselves to champagne and cookie . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 5 . there be polite applause and people start to disperse . jesse look back over to celine - she give a little wave . he get the manager 's attention . jesse ( to manager} how long ' till I have to leave here for the airport ? manager you should leave about 7:15 or so , 7:30 at the latest . jesse okay ... jesse walk over to celine . jesse ( cont 'd ) hi. celine hello . a slightly awkward double cheek kiss . jesse how be you ? celine good , and you ? jesse great . you wanna get some coffee or something ? celine do not he just say you have a plane to catch ? jesse I have a little time . want to get out of here ? celine okay . jesse yes ? jesse go back over to the manager . jesse ( cont 'd ) I will be back in thirty , forty - five minute or so . we be just go to go get a cup of coffee . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 manager okay , but get you driver phillipe 's card so you will have he cell phone . call he if you be run late . sa . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 6. manager ( cont 'd ) we will get you bag in the car so you will not be late to the airport . jesse okay . thanks for everything . as they start to exit the store , jesse be detain briefly , signing a book , get the card from the driver , etc . celine exit in front of he . ext . walk from bookstore --~ afternoon outside the bookstore , jesse put he hand on celine 's shoulder and just look at she . jesse I can not believe you be here ! celine I live here in Paris . be you sure you do not have to stay ? be not you suppose to talk to that people . jesse it 's okay , they be sick of I - I spend the night here last night . celine you do ? jesse they have a loft upstairs . how be you ? this be so weird . celine I be fine . it 's good to see you . jesse tt 's good to see you too . celine so you want to go to a cafe ? jesse sure . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/87/03 7. celine there 's one a little further , that I like a lot . '' jesse alright . they start walk . jesse ( cont 'd ) I think I be go to totally lose it in there after I see you . how would you even know I be go to be here ? celine it 's my favorite bookstore in Paris . you can sit down for hour , I love it - even if there 's fleas . jesse I think a cat sleep on my head last night . celine I see you picture on the calendar about a month ago and that you be go to be here . it 's funny I read a article on you book and it sound @ vaguely familiar , but I do not put it all together until I see the photo . jesse do you have a chance to read it ? celine yes . I be really surprised as you can imagine . {a beat ) I have to read it twice , actually . jesse just look at she . jesse comme ci comme can ? celine no , I really like it - it 's romantic . I usually do not like that but it 's well write . congratulation . jesse thanks . e celine suddenly stop and look at jesse . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 celine but. before we go anywhere I have to ask you , do you show up in Vienna that December ? jesse do you ? of . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine I could not , but do you ? I have to know . it 's important to I . jesse ( playful ) why , if you do not ? celine do you ? jesse no . celine oh thank God you do not . jesse . yeah , thank God you do not either . if one of we would have be there alone , it would have suck . they continue walk . celine I know , I be so concerned with that . I have always feel horrible about not be there but I could not , my grandma die a few day before and she be bury that day , December 16th . jesse {almost relieved ) she die ? the one in budapest ? celine how do you remember that ? jesse I remember everything . celine oh , of course , it be in you book . anyway , I be just about to fly to Vienna to meet you when we get the news about she , then of course I go to the funeral with my parent . jesse I be so sorry to hear that . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 9. celine but you be not there anyway . ( suddenly suspicious ) wait , why be not you there ? if would have be there if I could have - I have make plan . you better have a good reason . they slow to a stop and just look at each other . she realize he 's . be lie . celine ( cont 'd ) oh no ! you be there , be not you ? jesse {down } yeah , celine ahhhh ! that 's terrible ! I be so sorry . I be laugh but tf do not mean it . do you hate I ? you must have hate I . ( a beat ) have you hate I all this time ? jesse no. celine yes you have , but you can not hate I now . jesse no ... I do not hate you . c'mon , no big deal . I fly over there , you blow the whole thing off , I give up on love , and my life 's be a big nose - dive since then , but hey , no big deal . celine no ! jesse I be kid . celine I can not believe it . you must have feel really angry with I . I be so sorry ~ I want to be there more than anything in the world . but you can not be angry anymore , I mean my grand - mar ~ - ~ before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 10 . jesse honestly , I have a feel something like that might have happen . I be bum , but I be mostly just mad that we have not exchange phone number or any information . celine I know , that be so stupid - no way to get in touch , I do not even know you last name . jesse I know ! we have nothing to go on . celine I be cursing ... - if I could just reach he . . jesse I know , remember the reason we do that ... we be both afraid if we start call and write it would slowly fade away . celine it definitely be not a slow fade . jesse sure be not . celine yes , we want to pick it up where we leave off , which would have be a good idea if ... jesse ( but in ) if it would just work ! oh well . celine so how long be you in Vienna ? jesse couple of day . . celine do you meet another girl ? jesse yeah , she name be gretchen , she be awesome . the book 's actually a composite of the two of you ... before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine really ?! jesse no ... I even go back to the train station and put up a sign that have the number to my hotel , just in case you have be delay a half day or something ... total dork . celine do you get any call ? jesse just a couple of hooker look for a gig . ( a beat ) hey , it be awful , what do you want I to say ? celine oh , that 's so sad . I be so sorry . they start walk again . jesse then I just walk around for a while then eventually fly back home . I owed my dad two grand , who have warn I about french chick . celine what do he tell you about french woman ? jesse nothing , lot of crap . he 's never be with any french woman . I do not think he 's ever be east of the Mississippi . celine why do not you put the six month later part in the book ? jesse but I do ! celine really ? jesse I write a fictional version where you do show up . celine you do ? what happen ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 jesse oh , we make love for like ten day straight ... 1l~a . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine that 's interesting . jesse and then they find out more about each other and realize they do not really get along . celine I like that .. , it 's more real . jesse my editor do not feel that way . celine yes , everybody want to believe in ilove . ft sell . jesse yep . celine but thing be go well for you , right ? {pause } you book 's a bestseller in the u.s.? jesse it 's a tiny bestseller , but officially , yes . but hey , most people have not read moby Dick , so why the hell should they read my book ? celine I never read moby Dick , but I like you book , even though I think you idealize we night a bit . jesse hey , it 's fiction . celine i know , but I think there wete time when you make I , I mean she , no , I , like sometimes she 's be a bit ... psychotic . jesse but you be a little like that . celine i know ... whatil ! jesse just kid . no really , where have I do that ? 12 , before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine maybe it 's just I ... it be so strange to be read something know the character in the story be base on you . it 's both flatter and disturbing at the same time . jesse why be it disturbing ? celine I do not know , just - be part of someone 's memory , suddenly see myself through you eye . how long do it take you to write it ? jesse on and off , 3 or 4 year . celine it 's a long time to be write about one night . jesse tell meat about it . I feel like I basically live with you there for a while . celine I would always assume you have forget I . jesse T have a pretty clear picture of you in my mind . I gotta tell you something - I have want to talk to you for so long ... celine I too . jesse it 's surreal , now I feel everything I say should be ... celine yeah , and now we have what ? twenty minute and thirty second ? jesse more than that , much more than that . I want to know about you . what be you up to ? 13 . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 13a . celine wheew . where to start . I be work for Green Cross , it 's a environmental organization . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 14 . jesse wow . what be they all about ? celine we basically work on many different environment issue , from clean water to disarmament of chemical weapon you know , international law that deal with the environment . jesse what do you do for they ? celins different thing . last year I be in India for quite a while work on a water treatment plant . jesse wow . celine , the cotton industry there be a major source of pollution . jesse I gotta say I admire the fact that it sound like you be actually do something . most people , myself include , just bitch about everything : how America 's consume all the world 's resource , we be create sweat shop in China , suv suck global warming ... celine I be relive to hear you be not one of that freedom fry kind of Americans . jesse Nah . but I gotta say , I think that 's s80 cool what you be do . how would you get into that ? celine when i.came out of political science I think I would be work for the government , and I do for a short while and then I get tired of have conversation with friend about how the world be fall to piece . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 14k . celine ( cont 'd ) I realize that the only thing I want to do be to look at thing that really can be fix and try to e@ fix they . before sunrise sequel he laugh . - hey bo c pink page 24/8/03 15 . jesse I gotta say , that 's awesome . I always figure you would be do something cool like that . celine thanks . I be lucky to have a job I really like . jesse you know , I actually alternate in think that everything be irrevocably screw up , and actually feel thing in a general might be get better . celine better ! how could '' you possibly think that ? jesse I know it sound weird , but I think there be thing to be optimistic about . celine ( interrupt ) okay , I know you book be sell , but what be you talk about - the world 's a mess right now . celine ( cont 'd ) rom a western point of view thing be get a bit better - we be move all we industry to develop nation to get cheap labor free from any environmental law . the weapon industry be out of control , five million die every year due to preventable water disease . so how be the world get better ? I be not get angry , but really I want to know ? jesse I know there be a lot of serious problem - I do not have one publisher in the entire asian market . laugh , approach the cafe . * before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 15a . jesse ( cont 'd ) but I think there 's more awareness out there . é before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 16 . jesse ( cont 'd ) it might be get better because people like you be inform and educate and speak out and as the world 's consciousness and education vise - thing like woman 's issue , racial rights , sexual rights , child 's rights ... celine I know . jesse I mean the very notion of conservation and environmental issue - all that be not even in the vocabulary until fairly recently - that be become the norm and will eventually be what 's expect all over the world . celine it agree with what you be say but it 's dangerous . a imperialist country can use that kind of think to justify they economic greed . human rights be the only issue I ... int . cafe -- apterncon they walk in and eventually seat themselves . jesse any particular imperialist country you get in mind there , frency ? celine no , not really . be it okay if we sit here ? jesse perfect . but what I be really say be the world might be evolve like a person evolve . I for example ... be I improve ? be I get worse ? when I be young I be healthier but I be rack with insecurity - now I be older my problem be deeper , but I be more equip to handle they . celine what be you problem ? Long pause . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 jesse right now , I do not t feel like I have any - just damn happy to be here . celine I too . how long have you be in Paris ? jesse get in last night . I have do ten city in twelve day - I be so glad it 's over . I be so sick of be a huckster the waitress come over to the table . waitress bonjour . vous dinner ? celine what do you want ? jesse just a coffee . celine non , un cafe , et une orange pressee avec des glacon , . jesse I love the coffee over here so much more than in the U.S. celine I could not even drink coffee when I be live over there . jesse you live in the u.s.? when ? celine from ' 96 through ' 99 . I be study at nyu . jesse do not tell I that ! celine what ? jesse ch wow - that 's weird . I have be in New York since ' 98 . that 's wild - we be both there at the same time . 17 . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 18. celine that be weird . you know , it actually cross my mind , if I might run into you there , but the odd be so slim , e you know ? I have no idea even what town you be live in . be not you somewhere in Texas ? jesse I be for a long time but , I have to get out there . I figure it be time for I to be in New York . what make you come back here ? celine it have finish my master 's , for one , but I be start to get paranoid . the stuff in the medias all the time - murder , gang violence , serial killer . jesse i know . celine I be live in terror . the final straw be one night I hear some noise on my fire escape , I call 911 and the cop come ... @ jesse like three hour later . celine , after I would be rape and kill about ten time . it be a man and a woman officer . I be describe to they what I have hear when the woman have to run downstairs to move the police car . I be alone with the male cop , and right away he ask I if I have agun . I say no and he tell I I would better think about get one - this be America , not France . I tell he I do not know how to shoot . a gun and that I be not interested in firearm . that be when he pull out he gun and say to I ... {cop voice ) " one day you be go to have something like this in you face , and if you want to live a long life , you be go to have to choose between before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine ( cont 'd ) you or they . " they leave and the next morning , I actually call for a application to get a gun . I , a @ gun ! but then I start think that something be wrong , the way that cop have pull he gun . jesse yeah , sure . celine so I cancel my demand for a gun and instead I call the police station and try to complain about this cop 's behavior . jesse - what happen with that ? celine it be so much paper work and with my shitty student visa , so I give up and forget about the whole thing . well , actually no , I never forget . jesse obviously . @ coffee arrive . celine but still , I would not mind be back there - there 's a lot of thing I miss about the U.S . jesse like what ? celine the overall good mood people have even if it can be bullshit . like '' hey , how you do ? great ! how you doin ? great ! have a great day . " Parisians be so grumpy . have you notice ? jesse really ? everyone around here seem pretty happy to I . celine they be not happy . maybe I just mean the french man , they drive I @ nut . before sunrise sequel pink page jesse what about they ? 24/8/03 19a . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 celine you know , french guy like wine , and food , they be fun , maybe it 's just I , bad luck , but there not that ..- jesse what ? 19b . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 20 . celine what 's the word ... horny . jesse in that regard , I be proud to be a ' merican . celine and you should be ~ in that regard only . have you ever spend any time in Eastern Europe ? jesse no . celine I remember as a teenager I go to Warsaw when it be still a strict communist regime , which I do not approve of at all . jesse sure you do not . celine I do not at all , really . but something about be there after a while be very interesting , I find . after a couple of week something change in I . the city be quite gloomy and gray but after a while my brain seem clearer . I be write a lot more in my journal , idea I have never think of before . jesse Communist idea ? celine shut up ! I be not a communist . jesse I know . go ahead , sorry . celine it take I a while to figure out why , why I feel so different . and then , one day as I be walk throvgh the jewish cemetery , I do not know why but it occur to I there , i realize I have just spend the past couple of week away from most of my habit . the tv be in a language I do not understand and there be nothing to buy , no advertisement anywhere . ( more } before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 20a . celine ( cont 'd ) so all I have be do for three week be walk around , write , think . my brain feel like it be at rest , free from the consume frenzy and 1 have to say it be almost like a natural high . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 20b . celine ( cont 'd ) I be so peaceful inside , no strange urge to be somewhere else , to shop . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 21 . celine ( cont 'd ) maybe it could have seem like boredom at first but it quickly it become very soulful . jesse can you believe it be nine year ago we be walk around Vienna ? celine no , that 's impossible . jesse feel like two month ago ... but dune of " 94 . celine De I look any different ? jesse mommm . you hair be down back then , can you ... she undoe she hair . jesse keep look at she . jesse ( cont 'd ) Little skinnier I think . celine be I fat before ? jesse no , no . celine you think I be a fatty . you write a book about a fat girl . they both laugh . jesse no seriously - you look beautiful . do I look any different ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine no ... you have this little line here . she point to the wrinkle between he eyebrow . jesse I know , I know . celine like a scar . jesse a scar ? like a gunshot wound ? celine no , I like it . I have a terrible nightmare the other day . I be have a awful dream that I be 32 , then i wake up and I be 23 , relieved , and then I wake up for real and I be 32 . jesse aw shit , it happen . celine time get faster and faster . apparently it 's because we do not renew we synapse after 20 , so it 's all pretty much downhill from then on . jesse on the other hand , I like get older . life feel more immediate - you can appreciate it more . celine oh I know . I actually like it too . jesse I be once a drummer in a band . celine you be ? jesse and we be pretty good too . but the lead singer be so obsessed with we get sign . we spend all we time think about get bigger gig - all about the future . and now the band do not even exist anymore . 22 . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 22a. jesse ( cont 'd ) but look back at that show we do , even rehersing , it be so much fun . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 jesse ( cont 'd ) I think now I would be able to enjoy every minute of it . celine well , you have get you book publish and you be travel ali over the they laugh . world with it ... be you enjoy it ? jesse not really . celine you know in my field , I see some people that come into it like with big idealist vision , of become the new leader that will create a better world , they enjoy the goal but not the process . jesse right . celine but the reality of it be that the true work of improve thing be in the little achievement of the day , and that 's what you need to enjoy to stay in that field . for example I work for a organization that help village in Mexico and they concern be how to get the pencil send to the kid in that little country school , it be not about discuss big revolutionary idea about a better world - it be about pencil . I see the people that do the real work , and what in a way be really sad be that the people that be often the most give , hard work and capable of make this world better do not really have the ambition and ego to be a leader , they do not see any interest in the reward , they do not care if they name ever appear in the press , they actually enjoy the process of help other , they be truly in the moment . jesse yeah , that 's such a struggle . ( more } 23 . toh of + of before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 23a . jesse ( cont 'd ) it seem like we be design to be slightly dis-contented with everything . always try to better @ we situation . you satisfy one desire and it just agitate another . but then I think , well , desire be the fuel of life . do you think it 's true that we would never be unhappy if we never want anything ? before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 24 . celine I do not know actually . not want anything ... be not it a symptom of depression ? it 's very human to desire . jesse that 's what all that Buddhist cat say , right , liberate yourself from desire and you will find you already have everything you need . celine but I feel human when I want something more than just basic survival need . wanting , whether it 's intimacy with another person or a new pair of shoe be kind of beautiful . I like that we have ever- renewing desire . jesse yeah ... I guess it 's just entitlement that bring all the pain . whenever you feel you deserve that pair of shoe , that you desire should be meet . it 's all right to have want and need as long as you do not get angry when they be not realize . life be hard , it 's suppose to be , if we do not suffer we would never learn a thing . celine so what , be you like a Buddhist or something ? jesse no. celine why not ? jesse i do not know , it 's probably like when I go to a museum I do not get - the headphone with the guide tour . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine I know . I decide a long time ago that I want be open to everything , but not buy into any one belief system . jesse I like that . I go to this trappist monastery @ couple year ago . celine trappist ? jesse Catholic , cistertian . celine why do you go there ? jesse I do not know , I would be do a bunch of read , think it would be cool . have you ever spend time with any monk or nun ? celine not my style . jesse I be shocked - I expect they to be ail glower and stern but they be not - they be quick to laugh and really easy to be around , very attune to everything . they be not try to hustle anybody , they be not try to accomplish anything , they be try to live and die in peace and be close with God or whatever part of they they feel be eternal - it 's so refresh to be around . you realize that the bulk of people that you meet be try to get somewhere better , make a little more jack , get a little more respect , have more people admire they ... it 's exhaust . celine no kid . jesse and it 's exhaust to be one of that people yourself . 25 . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 26 . jesse ( cont 'd ) I be at a monastery , greedy to be a little more spiritual , " I want to be a better person . " you can not escape . celine I have a boyfriend many year ago that want to be a buddist and he go to Asia to visit several monastery . he be very good look and everytime he go to one of that monastery a monk offer to suck he cock . they laugh . he laugh . jesse well , it all come down to that , do not it ? that 's why I think I really admire what you be do . celine you mean suck cock ? jesse no . I be just say it sound like you be not detach from the world . you be put you life and passion into tangible action , celine I be just do my best . jesse you know something ? celine what ? jesse I be go to be sit down on a plane and in airport for the next eight hour or something . would you - mind walk around with I a little bit ? celine be you invite I ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 27 . jesse yes , let 's go . they stand up . he glance at the bill and take out a five Euro note . jesse ( cont 'd ) be this enough ? even for a tip ? celine yep . they start walk out . jesse anywhere to walk to around here ? celine t's sale day today . jesse what 's that ? celine it 's when everything be on sale in Paris . twice a year . jesse then let 's go shopping . celine no , no , no , I do not want to inflict that on you - it 's madness . let 's go up to the garden path - it 's a nice way back . jesse that sound better than shopping , actually , not that I be not up for do anything you want . ext . STREET -- afternoon they be walk , approach the garden path . : celine sometimes , I can get high on just look and try on thing , I do not even need to buy . jesse a therapist would tell you it 's all good . celine be you ever in therapy ? +o ot before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 278 . jesse do it seem like I be in therapy ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 celine t do not know - have it help you sex problem ? jesse ( wide eye ) sex problem ? celine no , I be kid . ext . garden path stairway -- afternoon they continue they walk / talk . jesse no , no , tell I the truth . do we have problem that night ? celine I be kid . we do not even have sex anyway . jesse what ? that 's a joke , right ? celine no , we do not . that be the whole thing . jesse of course we do . celine but we do not . you do not have a condom and I never have sex without one , especially if it be a one night thing . I be extremely paranoid about my health . jesse I be find this very scary that you do not remember what happen . celine you know what , I do not write a entire book , but I keep a journal and I write the whole night in it . that 's what I mean by you idealize the night . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 29 . jesse ( a bit louder ) I even remember the brand of condom I use . celine that 's disgusting . walk by be a older couple with three kid . they look back , a bit shocked . jesse no it be not . celine alright , when I get home , T 'il check my journal from ' 94 , but I know I be right . . {a beat} wait a minute . be it in the cemetery ? jesse noooc . we visit the cemetery during the day . it be in a4 park , very late at night . celine wait a minute . jesse be it that forgettable ? you do not remember , in the park ? celine wait a minute , I think you might be right . jesse you be mess with I . celine sorry , no you be right . it 's strange sometimes it 's like I put thing in drawer inside my head and forget about it . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 30 . celine ( cont 'd ) I guess it be less painful to put certain thing away than to live with it . jesse so that night be a sad memory for you ? celine I do not mean that night in particular . I mean that certain thing be better off forget . jesse God , I remember that night better than entire year . celine I too , I mean I think I do . maybe I put it away because of the fact that my grandmother 's funeral be the day we we be suppose to meet again . jesse it be a bad day for I , but it must have be even worse for you . celine yeah it be unreal , I look at she dead body in the coffin , I look at she hand that use to hold I , so warm , so sweet , but nothing in that coffin resemble what I remember of she . all the warmth be go . I be cry look at she , so confuse about if I be cry because I be never go to see she again or never go to see you again . sorry to go on like this , but I have be a little down this week . jesse why ? celine forget it , nothing bad , read you book maybe . think of how hopeful I be that summer and fall and since then it 's kind of ... I do not know , memory be a wonderful thing it you do not have to deal the past . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 31 . he laugh . jesse can I make a bumper sticker out of @ that ? memory be a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with past . if you write a book about we night , that could be the title . celine yes , I guess it would have be a different book . jesse it would not have a sex scene . celine but you know what —- now that we have meet again we can change we memory of Dec. 16th - it no longer have that sad end of we never see each other again . jesse yeah , a memory 's never finish if you really think about it . celine yes I know , I have memory from my @ childhood that I realize more recently never really happen . my mom be so paranoid when I be eight or nine she be always warning I when I walk home at night from my piano lesson about dirty old man give I candy and show I they pee-pee . jesse laugh . celine ( cont 'd ) as I get older I have this image in my head that this have really happen . to the point that I associate sex with that walk home . and now - sometimes when I be have sex I see myself walk down that street . jesse be that street nearby ? they laugh . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 32. celine do you ever keep a journal as a kid ? jesse * yeah , I start when I be about * thirteen . * celine I too . it 's funny I read mine from " 83 the other day . what really surprised I be that I be deal with life the same way I be now . I be much more naive and hopeful , but the core , and the way I be feel thing be exactly the same as it be now . I have not change much at all . jesse I do not think anyone do . no one want to admit it , but it 's like we have this innate set point , and nothing much be go to change we general disposition . celine do you believe that ? jesse the older I get , I think maybe so . I read about this study where they * follow people that have win the * lottery and people who would become paraplegic . we be lead to believe one would make we euphoric and the other suicidal . the study show * that within about six month , once they would more or less get use to they new situation , they be fundamentally the same as they be before . celine the same ? jesse yeah , if they be basically a optimistic , jovial person , they be a optimistic , jovial person in a wheeichair . if they be a petty , miserable person , they be now 4 petty miserable person with a new house , cadillac and boat . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 32a . celine you mean I will be forever depressed no matter what great thing happen in my life ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 he laugh . jesse definitely . be you depressed now ? celine no . I be not depressed but I worry I will get to the end of my life feel I have not do all I want to do . jesse what do you want to do ? celine I mean J want to paint , write more song , learn chinese , play my guitar each day . there be so many thing that I want to do , and I end up do not much . jesse well let I ask you this : do you believe in ghost , or spirit ? celine no. jesse do you believe in re-incarnation ? celine not at all . jesse what about God ? celine no , no . jesse laugh . celine ( cont 'd ) but at the same time , I do not want to be one of that people that do not believe in any kind of magic . jesse so you believe in astrology . celine of course ! I mean , you a Scorpio , I be a sag , we get along . no . there 's that Einstein quote that if you do not believe in any kind of magic or mystery , you be as good as dead . 33 . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 33A . jesse yeah , I have always feel there be some kind of mystical core to the before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 33b . jesse ( cont 'd ) universe . but I do not believe that I , my personality , have any permanent place here . and the more I believe that , the more I can not go through life and think " this be no big deal . '' this be it . what do you see ? what do you feel ? what do you think be funny ? every day be the last . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 34 . celine and sometimes when I feel that way I call my mom and I tell she I love she , she 's always ... nimitate mother } " oh my God , what 's wrong ? you have get cancer ? you be go to commit suicide ? " t's almost not worth it . jesse laugh . celine ( cont 'd ) so what about we ? jesse what about we ? celine for example if we know we be both go to die tonight ... jesse like the apocalypse be come ? celine no , that 's too dramatic . just the two of we would die , would we talk about you book , the environment or , like tell I what you would you say . jesse if today be we last day ? celine that 's hard , no ? jesse I would definitely stop talk about my book , probably drop the environment ... celine okay . jesse . I would not mind still talk about magic in the universe , I would just like to do it in a hotel room in between session of we like , wildly fuck till we die . celine wow . why not just go over to that bench right there ? why waste time go to a hotel ? before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 34a . he immediately grab she and pull over to a bench . he twirl she into he lap as she be suddenly overcome with shyness . celine ( cont 'd ) well , we be most likely not gonna die tonight . jesse too bad . before sunrise sequel yellow page 20/8/03 she reposition herself on the bench next to he . 34b . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 35 . celine forget about the hotel or the park bench . jesse well let 's not forget about it . celine that be a extreme example but my point be to communicate with people be very hard to do . jesse yeah , most of we day to day exchange , if you think about it , they be more like traffic control . celine iI know . for example , a friend of mine be talk about she and she boyfriend 's problem in bed . after they have date for about @ year , she start tell he thing he could do to please she , and it totally freak he out . jesse why ? celine he think it mean he be a bad lover and be all threaten , they almost break up over it . jesse why would she wait so long ? celine I do not know , man be so easily offended . jesse more than woman , you think ? celine - definitely on that subject . plus I think it be easier to please a man than to please a woman . jesse it 's definitely easier to please a Tan . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 35a . celine depend , but generally yes . can you name the female mammal that have oppose thumb and be be observe in the wild the be actively encourage male of the same species to lick its genital ? jesse no , like a baboon or something ? what ? celine give a craze look and point she two thumb at herself , let out a little primate shriek . they both laugh . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 36 . celine . the good thing about get older be that I do not get wiser I just get dirtier . jesse no shame in that . celine anyway , my friend say the next man she date , before they ever do anything , she 's go to make a questionnaire about sex - what each of they like and dislike . jesse be it on paper , or do you answer out loud ? . celine mostly write down , I think , but not just yes or no . like if the question be , be you into S & m , you can answer , " no , but a spanking once in a while ... do not hurt . " jesse laugh . she look jesse or it could be like , do you like dirty talk during sex ? celine or it could be like , which specific word do you want to hear or not ? at he . jesse me? celine okay . which word do you like to hear ? - jesse I do not know . celine for instance , how do you feel about the word pussy ? jesse Love it . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 they both laugh . celine it 's amazing what pervert we have both become in the last 9 year . jesse at least now we do not have to pretend that each sexual experience be some life - alter event . celine yeah - by this timé I know you have stick it in so many place , it 's probably like , about to fall off , right ? jesse exactly , and I can not realistically expect you be anything but a total ho at this point , so ... celine that 's true , what can you do ? jesse nothing . {a beat } so tell I , what kind of song do you write ? celine what kind ? jesse yeah , what be they like ? celine I do not know . some be about people , relationship , one 's about my cat . jesse sing I one . celine no . I do not have my guitar . jesse c'mon . acapella . celine no way , not right now . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 38 . they walk jesse if not now , when ? celine start to get up , with jesse eventually follow . celine that 's right , we need to get go back to the bookstore - you be go to miss you flight . jesse I will be fine . celine this will take we to the seine . then we can just walk from there . jesse | okay , okay . celine so you be fly back to New York ? jesse yeah . in silence for a bit . celine so I read in that article you be marry and have a kid ? that 's great . a slightly weird look from jesse : " know this come , eventually . " jesse yeah . he 's four - can you believe it . celine what 's he name ? jesse Henry . hank ~ he 's amazing . it 's so much fun . - celine T be sure . and you wife ? what do she do ? jesse ummm ... she teach elementary school . you do not have child , do you ? before sunrise sequel Green page celine on shit ! 21/8/03 38a . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 38b. celine ( cont 'd ) I leave they in the car , with the window up ! but it be six month @ ago - do you think they be okay ? they laugh . celine ( cont 'd ) I want to some day , but I be not ready . i'm in a good relationship , though . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 39 . jesse yeah ? that 's nice . what 's he like ? celine he 's great - he 's a photo - journalist and he do war coverage . he 's away a lot which leave I free to do a lot of thing . jesse be not that dangerous ? seem like a lot of that guy be get kill this day . celine he promise I he never take risk , but I often worry . he go into this trance when he start to photograph something . jesse what do you mean ? celine once we be in New Delhi and we pass a bum lie in the middle of the sidewalk . jesse bomb ? celine bum ... homeless . it look like he need help but he first reaction be to photograph he . he take a picture , very close to he face , even fix he collar to make it look better . he be totally detach from the person . jesse well , to be good at that job , I would think you would have to be like that . celine - maybe . I do not judge he for it - what he do be essential and incredible . all I be say be that I could never do it . they be approach the seine . jesse hey , let 's go get on that boat . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 celine you do not have time . jesse come on , it will fun , I really want to . we still have fifteen minute . De you have a cell phone ? 39a . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 40 . celine yeah . jesse I 'l ] call he from the boat and he can pick I up at the next stop . that way we will not lose any time . celine ok , if you want to ... I have never peen on this boat , it 's for tourist . it 's a bit embarass . oh well . they speed up to get on the boat before it leave . jesse so what , you in love with this guy ? celine what guy ? jesse the photo journalist . celine yeah of course . well , probably . ext . boat -- afternoon they get on the boat and pay . celine ask the guy about where the boat stop next . celine bonjour , deux ticket stil vous plait , ctest quoi le prochain arret ? boat guy quai henri iv , Mademoiselle . celine tell he to pick you up at quai henri iv . jesse . arri cat ? celine quai henri iv . jesse an-ri-cat ? celine henri iv before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 40k . jesse oh , like Henry 4 . celine yes . jesse why do not you say so ? jesse make he call while celine walk to the back of the eventually they stand on the back of the boat , the wind blow , as Notre Dame loom in the background . jesse ( cont 'd ) Notre Dame , check that out . I hear a story once that when the Germans be occupy Paris and they have to retreat back , they wire Notre Dame to blow up and they have to leave one guy in charge of hit the switch . but the guy , the soldier , just wait , sit there , and he just could not do it . when the ally troops eventually come in they find all the explosive and the switch just lie there . they find the same thing at Sacre - Coeur , the eiffel Tower and two other place , I think . I always like that story . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 41 . celine yes , that be a great story . but you have to think that one day Notre Dame will be go . there use to be another Cathedral there . jesse right where Notre Dame be ? celine yeah . everything pass . people , building ... you know what , I have never do this . I forget about how beautiful Paris be ... sometimes when you live in a city you do not even look at it anymore . jesse - yeah . I think my book be like building something so I would not forget the detail of the time we spend together . like a reminder that once we really do meet , this be real ... this happen . celine you know I be happy you be say that , I mean I always feel like a freak because I be never able to move on like this ... ( snap she finger ) ) people just have a affair or even a relationship , they break up and they forget , they move on like they would have change brand of cereal . tf feel I be never able to really forget anyone I have be with , because each person have they own specific quality , and you can never replace anyone , what be lose be lose . each relationship when it end , really damage I , I never really recover . that be why I be very careful with get involved because it hurt I too much ... or even get laid , . actually I do not do that . I will miss of the person the most mundane thing . like I be obsessed with little thing . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 42 . celine ( cont 'd ) maybe I be crazy , when I be a little girl my mom tell I I be always date to school , so one day she follow I to see why I be late . I be look at ... chestnut fall from the tree and roll down the side walk or ant crossing the road , the way a leaf cast a shadow on a tree trunk , little thing . it be the same with people , I see in they little detail so specific to each of they that move I , that I miss and will always miss . you can never replace anyone because everyone be make of such beautiful specific detail . pause . celine ( cont 'd ) you know , like I remember the way you beard have a bit of red in it and the way the sun be make it glow in the morning right before you deat , I miss that . shit I be really crazy . jesse now I know for sure why I write that stupid book - so you might actually show up at a read in Paris and I would walk over to you and ask , " hey , where the fuck be you ? " celine laugh . celine honestly , do you think I would be here today ? jesse i be not kid - I think I write it to try and find you somehow . celine i know it 's not true but that be sweet to say . jesse i think it be true . what do you think the change be of we see each other again ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 43. celine after that December , I would say almost zero , but we be not real anyway . we be just character in that old lady 's dream - she 's on she deathb and she be fantasize about she youth , so of course we have to meet again . jesse then speak in a voice that be both louder and more frustrated and desperate than we have see . jesse God , why be not you there in Vienna ?! celine you know why ! jesse '' T know , I mean , I wish you would have be . thing might have be so different in we life . celine do you think so ? jesse yes , I actually do . celine maybe not , maybe we would have hate each other eventually . jesse come on , like we be hat each other right now ? celine maybe we be only good at brief encounter walk around in european city in a warm climate . jesse ahhh , why do not we exchange number and stuff ? celine we be young and stupid ? jesse be we still ? eline I guess when you be young , you believe that you will meet many people before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 44 . celine be celine ( cont 'd ) with whom you will connect with , but later in life you realize it only happen a few time . jesse and you can screw it up and miss - connect . a bit tense . celine well the past be the past , it be mean to be that way , no ? jesse do you really believe that ? that everything be fated in some way ? celine I think the world might be less free than we think . that when give this exact circumstance , this be what will happen every time . two part hydrogen and one part oxygen , you will get water every time . jesse no - what if you grandmother have live another week , or die a week earlier , maybe day , thing might have be very different . I believe that . celine but you can not think like that . jesse I know you should not on most thing , but on this one , something be off . forgive I this , but in the month lead up to my wedding , I be think of you all the time . and on the way there , I be in the car with a buddy of mine , stare out - the window as he drive downtown . it be raining , and I think I see you , not far from the church fold up a umbrella , walk into a deli on the corner of Broadway and about thirteenth . I think I be hallucinate , and now I know it probably be you ! before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 44h . celine I live on fifteenth and University . jesse es see , I be not crazy . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 45 . celine {pause } what be it like to be marry ? you have not talk much about that . jesse I have not ? how weird . I meet she we last year of college and we break up and get back together for a period of year . then we be sort - of back together and then she be pregnant and ah ... so yeah , marriage ... celine what 's she like ? jesse she 's a great mom , - a good teacher , smart interesting pretty . I do not know . I remember think at the time that so many of the man I have admire most ~ they life have be commit to something larger than themselves . celine so you get marry because man you admire be marry ? jesse no , it be more like I have this idea of my best self and I want to pursue that even if it might have be override my honest self . it 's funny , at that moment I think do not matter so much " the who " of it , that ultimately nobody be go to be everything to you and that it be the simple action of commit yourself and meeting you responsibility that matter . I mean , what be love if not respect and trust and admiration and I feel all that thing . so , cut to the present tense , I have have sex probably ten time in the last four year . she laugh . jesse ( cont 'd ) you be laugh at I ? I know it sound pathetic , but if somebody before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 46 . jesse ( cont 'd ) be to touch I affectionately , I would dissemble into molecule . I be sorry that 's probably more than you want to hear . celine less then ten time in four year ? do you masturbate a lot ? jesse do not ask that question if you do not want to hear the answer . I be like a teenager . I have to admit , in my youthful idea of marriage , it do not include a lot of beat off . they laugh . 16 ext . boat dock -- afternoon 10 they exit the boat and walk toward the street . celine I be sorry you do not seem that happy with you marriage - this friend of mine , she 's a shrink . jesse how be she do ? celine . she 's a mess , anyway she be tell I that she 's be deal with a lot of couple that be break up for the same exact reason . jesse hmmm . what reason 's that ? celine all that couple expect after a few year of live together for the passion , that consume desire , to be the same as at the beginning . - but it be impossible . jesse yeah I know , I know . celine I mean thank god otherwise we would end up with a aneurysm if we be before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 47 . celine ( cont 'd ) in that constant state of excitement . plus we would end up do nothing at all with we life . you think you would have finish you book if you be fuck someone every 5 minute ? jesse I would have welcome the challenge . celine you wife , it 's natural after the birth of you son , she have to give all she love to the little one , imagine if she be totally obsessed with sex and forget about the baby while she 's ridding you like a wild cat . I mean that would not make sense . jesse I know . that all make perfect sense , but it 's more than sex . celine I know it 's obvious but couple be so confuse now . Men need to feel essential and they do not feel that way anymore because it be imprint in they head for so long that they have to be a provider . I 'ma strong woman in my professional life , I do not need a man to feed I but I still need a man to love I and that I could love . they be now near he car and driver . celine ( cont 'd ) well here 's you driver ... jesse yeah ... celine - I guess now it 's goodbye , no ? jesse woah . why do not we give you a ride home or something . celine I can take the metro , no problem . di before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 48. jesse why not keep talk ? my flight 's not till ten - they have I arrive two hour early . I be sure it 's not a problem . celine I be not exactly on the way . jesse it will be fine . ( to driver ) be it okay if we drop off my friend on the way to the airport ? celine clest pas tre loin , c'est 10 rue des petite ecury . the driver smile . driver allons-y . jesse and celine pile in . int . car -- afternoon 11 they sit in the back seat . celine for I , it 's better I do not romanticize thing as much anymore . I be suffer so much all the time . I still have lot of dream but they be not in regard to my love life . it do not make I sad , it be the way it be . jesse be that why you be in a relationship with a man that be never around ? celine be a bit stung by he observation . celine yes , obviously , I can not deal with the everyday life of a relationship , we have this exciting time together and then he leave and I miss he but at least I be not die inside . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 49 . she start celine ( cont 'd ) when someone be always around I I be suffocating . jesse wait a second - you just say you need to love and be love . celine yeah , but when I do , it quickly make nauseous . it 's a disaster . I feel really happy only when I be on my own . even be alone be better than sit next to lover and feel lonely . {getting made it 's not so easy for I to be all romantic . you start off that way and after you have be screw over a few time you give up on all you delusional idea and you just take whatever come into you life . that 's not even true - I have not be screw - over , I have just have too many blah relationship . they be not mean , they care for I but there be no real excitement or connection , or at least not from my side . ery . jesse I be sorry . be you really that unhappy ? celine no , it 's not even that . I be fine until I read you fuck book - it stir shit up . it remind I how genuinely romantic I be , how I have so much hope in thing and now I do not believe in anything that relate to love . I do not feel thing for people anymore . it 's almost like in a way I put all my romanticism into . that one night and I be never able to feel all this again . somehow that night take thing away from I , like I express they to you and you take they with you . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 50 . celine ( cont 'd ) somehow destiny not allow I to see you again make I cold like if love be not for I . jesse I can not believe that . celine reality and love be almost contradictory for I . it 's funny , every one of my exs be now marry . Men go out with I , we break up and then they get marry . later they call I to thank I for teach they what love be , that I teach they to care and respect woman . jesse yeah , I may be one of that guy . celine I want to kill they ! why do not they ask I to marry they , I would have say no but I least they could have ask ! but it 's my fault . I never feel it be the right man , never . but what do that mean , the right man ! the love of you life ? the concept be absurd . the idea that we can only be complete with another person be evil . jesse can I talk ? celine I guess I have be heartbroken too many time and then recover . now from the start I make no effort because I know it 's not gonna work anyway . jesse you can not do that - spend you life try to avoid pain at the expense of engage . celine that be word . you know what I get to get away from you . stop the car and want to get out . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 jesse no wait let 's keep talk about it . celine no , it 's just be around you . jesse take she arm . celine ( cont 'd ) do not touch I . I be take a cab. {to Driver ) laissez moi au coin de la rue . La ciest parfait . the driver slow down . jesse {to driver ) no , no , keep go . ( to celine} listen , I be just so glad to be with you , and that you do not forget I . celine no I do not and it piss I off . you come here to Paris all romantic and married . screw you ! please do not get I wrong - I be not try to get you or anything . all I need be a marry man . there 's be so much water under the bridge , it 's not even about you anymore . it 's about that time , that moment in time that be forever go . jesse you say all this stuff but you do not even remember have sex . celine of course I remember . jesse you do ? celine Girls pretend thing like that . what be I suppose to say , I remember the wine in the park , look up at the star fade while the sun come up . we have sex twice you idiot . 51 . before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 52. jesse you know what ? I be just so happy to see you , even if you have become a angry manic-depressive activist . I e@ still like you and enjoy be around you . celine and I feel the same . I be sorry I have to let it all out . I be miserable in my love life , in my relationship . I always act like I be detach but I be die inside . I be die because I be so numb . I do not feel pain or excitement . I be not bitter , I be just ... the car make it 's way through the street of Paris , celine and jesse continue talk in the back seat . jesse oh God , you think you be the one die inside - my life be 24 / 7 bad . the only happiness I get be when I be out with my son . I have be to couple ' counseling , thing I would never think I would have to do . buy self help book , lingerie , light candle ... e celine do the candle help ? jesse Hell no . I do not love she the way she need to be love . I do not even see a future for we but then I look across the table at my beautiful boy and I think I would suffer any torture to wake up in he house and be with he for all the minute of he life ~ I do not want to miss out on that . but man , there be no joy or laughter in my home and I do not want he grow up in that . celine no laughter . my parent be still together for thirty - five year - and even when they have a fight they end up laugh . jesse I do not want to be one of that people get divorced at fifty - two fall before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 53 . a pause . jesse ( cont 'd ) down into tear admit that they never love they spouse and feel like they have lose they life into a vacuum cleaner , I want a great life . I want she to have a great life , she deserve that . but we be live in the pretense of marriage , responsibility , this idea of how people be suppose to live . I have this dream all the time ... celine what dream ? jesse I be not go to say this , but I have this dream where I be stand on a platform and you keep go by on a train , again and again and again and then I wake up with the fuckin ' sweat . and then there 's this other dream where you be pregnant beside I in bed naked and I want to touch you so bad but you tell I not to and then you look away and I touch you anyway , right on you ankle , and you skin be so soft and I wake up in sob and my wife be sit there look at I and I be ten million mile from she and I know something be wrong and I can not keep live like this . there 's get to be more to love than commitment . I have to tell you I put the whole idea of romantic love to bed when you be not there that day I swore it off . celine why be you tell I all this ? jesse I be sorry - maybe I should't have . . celine be not it weird that people always think that they be the only one get through tough time ? I think from the article you must have have the perfect life - wife , kid , publish author - but it sound like you personal life be more of a mess than mine . before sunrise sequel pink page jesse greaaaat ! the car stop in from of she address . the driver . 24/8/03 celine lean up to 53a . 12 before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 54 . celine rentrez dan l'impasse , vous pouvez pas restez la , mais arretez vous sous l'arche . jesse be you relieved that I be even more in deep shit than you be ? celine yes . you have make I feel better . jesse good , I be glad . celine you know I really wish you the best . it 's not because I be incapable of have a family that I wish everyone to be doom like I . jesse I be sure you would be a great mother . celine really , you think so ? jesse a few anti-depressant and you will do great . she raise she hand and start move she finger quickly . celine say stop . jesse stop . she do , with the middle finger extend . then again ( ? ) they step out the car . ext . celine' apartment courtyard ~-- afternoon 12 they get out at celine 's apartment , near a arched entrance to a long corridor . celine here . I want to test something . she move over to jesse and give he a big , long hug- before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 55 . celine ( cont 'd ) I be see if you be go to dissolve into molecule or if you stay together . jesse be almost shaking . jesse how be I do ? celine still here . jesse good . I be like still be here . they slowly part . jesse turn to the driver . jesse ( cont 'd ) je la racompagne a as porte , can not vous ennuie pas trop . jean aucun probleme . je suis paye a itheur they start walk down the corridor toward a courtyard . celine so it be all really true about you dream , or do you say all that just to hopefully get in my pants ? jesse dust to get in you pants - I use that all the time . God , you live here , this be incredible ! how long have you be here ? celine four year . she see a cat loung on the cobblestone ahead of they . celine ( cont 'd ) . oh , there 's my cat , look at he he 's so cute . what I love about this cat be that every morning I bring he down to the courtyard . and every single morning he look at everything iike its the first time , every plant , every tree , every little corner . he smell 's everything with he little cute nose . I love my cat . before sunrise sequel yellow page 20/8/03 56 . she pick he up and continue walk , they enter a giant beautiful courtyard . jesse what 's he name ? celine che . jesse commie ! celine che , in Argentina mean " hey " ! neighbor be organize a picnic dinner . kid run around play some kind of game . a older man sit with other eat salad and melon . - older man ( in french ) celine ! tu nous fais quoi ce soir ? celine taboule , je ie descend dan une minute . older man salut . jesse salut . a woman in she early 60' come up to celine come out of a building with a dish . woman salut ! c'est gui celui la il est mignon . Il mange avec nous . celine non il prend l'tavion . woman tant pis pour lui , il goutera pas me pattes aux poid chich . older man pourquoi y mange pas avec nous ? woman Il aime pas ton short . 13 before sunrise sequel yellow page 2078/03 57 . ext . her apartment step -- afternoon 13 they walk towards she door . she look up at the late afternoon sky . they be on she doorstep . moment of truth . jesse you know what , I want you to play I a song . celine but you will miss you plane . jesse cimon . we get a little more time . I be go to be sit around the airport for well over a hour . she think about it , wonder ... jesse ( cont 'd ) seriously , one song . celine ok , but quick . she get out she key and open the door . int . statrway -- afternoon 14 in the lobby of the building they be confront by @ big wind stairway with a little elevator in the middle . jesse tt love this kind of stairway . what floor be you on ? celine third . they start up the stair , not say anything , but act like everything be normal . as they continue in silence , the charge undertone seem even more pronounce . eventually they reach she front door . she pull out she key and open the door . she close the door . int . celine' apartment -- late afternoon 15 he awkwardly look around while she head to the kitchen . celine would you like some tea ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 58. jesse sure . as she prepare a couple of glass , we see the detail of she apartment through he eye . some painting , a picture of she as a child , a photo of she with she grandmother . a cat meander over the window sill . he eventually come across a article and a picture of himself pin up on a bulletin board , he notice she guitar sit by the sofa . she walk out of the kitchen and give he a glass . celine be camomile okay ? jesse yeah , sure . thanks. merci . celine messy ? my apartment be messy ? jesse no - merci . celine I see you french have improve . jesse oh yeah , I be practically fluent . so what song be you go to play I ? celine no , I can not . I be embarrassed . jesse wait a minute . I come all the way over here ... you can not crap out on I now . anything will be great . celine uhhh . okay , but you be go to laugh at I . jesse I doubt it . celine which one do you want ? I only have three in English : the one about my cat , my ex- boyfriend or the one about you ? before sunrise sequel pink page 24/8/03 59 . jesse ahhh ... sound like a trick question . give I the ex-boyfriend . celine the ex-boyfriend , really ? she sit on the couch , all hippie style , and strum a beautiful , funny song . all jesse can do be sit across from she on the sofa and smile . when celine eventually finish , he applaud . jesse wheeeew ! encore ! that be awesome ! now the one about I . celine . no , no , no . have you tea and then you have the get go . she get up and go into the kitchen . while she 's in there , jesse poke around through she ces . by the time she return , a Nina Simone song be play and he be sit on the couch . jesse be it okay if it put my foot up ? celine sure . do you ever see Nina Simone in concert ? jesse no , I wish I have . I can not believe she 's go . celine I know , it 's so sad . I see she play twice . she be great . this be one of my favorite of hers . the song begin : " just in time you have find I just in time before you come my time be run low before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 60 . I be lose the lose dice be toss my bridge all be cross nowhere to go now you hear now I know just where I be go no more doubt of fear I have find my way for love come just in time you have find I just in time and change my lonely night that lucky day '' celine ( cont 'd ) she use to stop right in the middle of a song , and walk from behind the piano over to the edge of the stage . then she would talk to somebody in the audience . ~ nimitate Nina ) " oh yeah , baby , " she would walk off a Little , then walk really slow back over to the mike . she have a big ass , and this funny little walk . celine sort of hunch over and stick out she butt a little and proceed to waddle slowly across the room . as the song keep go , and celine keep clowning around , jesse just sit there with the most peaceful , happy grin we have ever see on he . " just in time before you come my time be run low oh baby I be lose the lose dice be toss my bridge all cross nowhere to go now you hear now I know just where I be go no more doubt of fear I have find my way for love come just in time you have find I just in time and change my lonely night and change my lonely night and change my lonely night and change my lonely night and change my lonely night that lucky day . '' celine ( cont 'd ) nimitate Nina Simone ) yo baby , you gonna miss that plane . before sunrise sequel Green page 21/8/03 60a . jesse I know . before sunrise sequel yellow page 20/8/03 they both smile . the end 61 . fade out :