beginner written by Mike Mills int . hal field home . a single daisy stand in a vase in a empty kitchen . int . hal' bedroom oliver field click on the light to the closet . he look at the rack of he parent ' clothes . he begin to put some in a box mark " home " , some in a box mark " thrift " . int . hal' bathroom Oliver enter the bathroom and flush bottle after bottle of pill and liquid down the toilet . next he struggle as he look over the old toothbrush , hairbrush , all the bottle and tube besides the sink . he stare for a beat , then throw they all away . int / ext . hal' trash area Oliver haul trash outside , add it to a very large pile of bag . a older Jack Russell terrier , arthur , follow he . int . hal' office Oliver and Arthur sit on the office floor surround by papers , box , book and trash bag . he find a photo of hal field in a open Jean jacket , no shirt , it 's attach to a personal ad application which he begin to read . CUT to past ext . large empty parking lot night in the dark , oliver field have a tape recorder and microphone , he follow andy as he excitedly prepare , a group of friend look on . andy okay . be it on ? ( recorder ) oliver yeah yeah . andy this be for we friend hal field . hal . we love you . ( continued ) 10/29/07 2. continued : Andy quickly light a rack of large firework , they shoot up into the night and explode - smoke - more explosion - everyone 's laugh . Oliver look up at the firework , recording the sound , happy . boom , boom , boom , boom , boom . CUT to present ext . hal' driveway - night Oliver have pack he car , he lean down to Arthur . oliver you be come to live with I now . Arthur look at he . oliver this be my car . Arthur hop in . ext . STREET - night Oliver 's car drive down sunset boulevard . int . oliver' hallway - night Oliver and Arthur enter , he 's carry a box , he house be dark and lonely . int . hal' dinning room Oliver enter he dining room , Arthur in tow . oliver this be the dining room where people come and eat sometimes . the dog listen intently . Oliver move on , the dog follow . int . hal' live room Oliver and Arthur enter the live room . oliver this be the live room . ( continued ) 10/29/07 3. continued : Oliver look around , the dog look with he . int . oliver' bathroom we see the door open revealing Oliver and Arthur continue they tour . oliver that 's the bathroom . the dog look . int . oliver' bedroom - night Arthur lay next to Oliver in bed . unable to sleep , Oliver look to the ceiling . CUT to narrated sequence still black and white and color photograph of the SUN , the star , yosemite , GEORGE W. BUSH flash by : oliver ( v.o . ) this be 2003 . this be what the sun look like , and the star , nature . this be the President . now photo of the SUN , star , nature , etc . from 1955 flash by : oliver v.o. and this be the sun in 1955 , and the star , and nature , and car , and phone , and movie , and the President . this be what pet look like . this be firework . this be smoking . photograph , cropped in on face from 1955 , very fast sequence of people kissing : oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be what it look like when people kiss ... fast sequence of face form 1955 laughing : oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... when they be happy ... sequence of face crying : ( continued ) 10/29/07 4. continued : oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... when they be sad . fast sequence of MARRIAGE photo from 1955 : oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my parent get marry in 1955 . shot of los angele county museum , shot of a old house : oliver he be a museum director - she fix up old house . 1955 still photo of a baby be born : oliver they have a child , and they stay marry for 44 year ... a sequence of still shot of french toast in different stage of be eaten , then still shot of straw that jump CUT into cigarettes , then live action clip from the teletubbies , and then rapid FIRE through still shot of every president from 1924 to 2003 and back . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... until she die in they bed , after four month of cancer and eat french toast for every meal and watch the teletubby everyday and confusing white straw for she cigarettes and skip back and forth through time inside she head . int . hal be house live room - day hal field sit on a couch , in a purple sweater , look into camera , struggle for word . oliver ( v.o . ) six month later , my father tell I he be gay . he have just turn 75 . hal I be gay . same camera angle , hal still look into camera we jump cut to he wear a robe . oliver v.o. ( cont 'd ) I always remember he wear a purple sweater when he tell I this but actually he wear a robe . ( continued ) 10/29/07 5 . continued : hal I be gay . same angle , we continue to jump cut through hal talk to camera , each cut in different clothes , and with each cut he line have a different inflection . hal ( cont 'd ) I be gay . jump cut , new outfit . hal ( cont 'd ) I love you mother , but , uh ... now I want to explore this side . jump cut , new outfit . hal ( cont 'd ) I do not want to be just theoretically gay , I want to do something about it . New outfit and inflection . hal ( cont 'd ) ... I want to do something about it ... New outfit and inflection . hal ( cont 'd ) ... I want to do something about it . int / ext . various - day a live action " portrait " of hal , look into camera , first in old clothes , then jump cut to new all black outfit . oliver ( v.o . ) he change all he clothes . ext . park - day the camera move through a large group of man and streamer gather for Los Angeles pride event . oliver v.o. ( cont 'd ) he get a boyfriend , Andy , a physical trainer who be also study for he professional pyrotechnic license . camera land on hal beam with pride , he arm around Andy who look into camera and say . ( continued ) 10/29/07 6. continued : andy since I come out to my father , he never speak to I . that 's why I have be always attract to older man . hal and friend laugh warmly at Andy . we cut to live action " portrait " of a priest , a therapist , the primetimer , he movie- night club , and the large L.A. pride group , all look into camera . oliver v.o. he find a out gay priest to guide he spiritually . he see a therapist for the first time . he join the primetimer . Movie night . Los Angeles pride , and then ... int . hal' live room we see hal 's live room , empty of furniture in the morning light . oliver v.o. four year after he come out , he die in this room ... CUT to present int . oliver' kitchen - morning Oliver enter , follow closely by Arthur . Oliver walk through the kitchen - Arthur follow he . Oliver walk through the live room - Arthur follow . Oliver make a circle through the house - Arthur follow . Oliver sit , look down at Arthur . oliver look , its lonely out here , so you would better learn how to talk with I . Arthur 's face look up at he fill with a dog 's love and no word . arthur subtitle while I understand up to 150 word - I do not talk . Oliver lean down , push he head into Arthur 's . oliver I know . I know . ( continued ) 10/29/07 7. continued : CUT to past a series of quick memories ... int . hospital hallway camera follow 's Oliver down a long corridor . int . icu room - night Oliver sit as hal lay in a coma on a ventilator . the room be dark , Oliver use a flashlight to quietly read to he father . int . icu room - day quick cut . a nurse open the shade . a doctor and two nurse stand over hal , everyone 's nervous . hal be struggle with all the tube down he throat . Oliver be try to help he breathe , talk into he ear . Oliver be ushere out of the room . the nurse draw the curtain . moment later : Oliver sit with hal , now off the ventilator but still very weak and disorient . Oliver coaches he breathe . oliver calm . calm , calm breath . hal cough . int . icu room it 's the middle of the night , hal be connect to many i.v.s in both arm , still disorient , he 's tangle up in the tube , try to pull they out of he arm . he wake up Oliver . hal Oliver ! please help I with all this rope . Oliver rush and help he . oliver pop , pop , stop -- you be gonna hurt yourself . a nurse quickly enter and help hold down he arm . ( continued ) 10/29/07 8. continued : nurse Mr. field , we be go to have to secure you arm again . she put he hand in restraint , Oliver help . hal you two marry ? oliver no , pop. hal why not ? she 's great . the nurse smile , embarrassed , and continue with she job . oliver she 's a great nurse in the hospital , we do not really know she , you be very high on drug . hal you always have some very good reason , have not you ? oliver no , pop , I just do not want to be like you and mom . ( aside to the nurse ) thank you ... CUT to past int . oliver' childhood home 1978 in the kitchen : we see 10 - year-old Oliver watch he mother georgia and father kiss quickly , politely , and then he father leave quickly . hal remain in silhouette through the shot . different day , in oliver' bedroom : Oliver watch hal and Georgia kiss , and hal leave - more like a performance than anything real . different day , in parent bedroom : Oliver watch hal and Georgia kiss and hal exit , quick and dry . 10 - year-old Oliver study they each time . ( continued ) 10/29/07 9. continued : different day , oliver' bedroom : Georgia quickly open the door and find Oliver draw . georgia Oliver ! he turn and Georgia shoot he with she finger , Oliver fall to the ground . georgia olly , you can do better . he get up and she shoot he again - he fall more dramatically , knock he head on the floor . georgia that 's good . his mom look at he affectionately . CUT to present ext . echo park STREET - night Oliver walk Arthur across a light field , towards the dog park . ext . dog park - night everywhere dog and they people be play . Oliver and Arthur sit on a bench like two human . Oliver watch the action , Arthur stare at Oliver . oliver ( cont 'd ) go have you own experience with you own people . I will be right here ... Arthur stay by Oliver 's side . oliver ( cont 'd ) I be a human . I be not a dog . and you be a Jack Russell , that 's a breed . you personality be create by this guy John Russell , a hunt enthusiast , in the 1800s . and he breed you ancestor to have stamina and courage for the hunt . you think you be just you , and you want to chase the fox , but other people plant that in you year ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/29/07 10 . continued : oliver ( cont 'd ) now , somewhat arbitrarily , you be consider very cute by we human , and we keep breeding you not to chase fox , but to be cute , and we put you in movie and television show , and you , you be chase tennis ball cause there as close to a fox as you be go to get . Arthur stay by Oliver 's side . int . oliver' office cu on Oliver 's hand as he draw a T-shirt that read : " my personality be create by someone else and all I get be this stupid T-shirt . " reveal that Oliver be in a design office . liz , 30 's enter , they improv hellos . jump CUT through a series of Oliver 's drawing . a speech bubble that read : " a fair amount of failure . " he draw portrait of girl with date : " ellen o. 1984-1988 " -- " Julie P. 1988 - 1989 " -- " Liz B. 1993 - 1995 " -- " lynette i. 1995 " -- " amanda y. 1996-2000 " -- " yuki H. 2000 " -- " Christina S. 2001 " -- " Michelle M. 2001-2003 " Oliver stop draw , lose in he thought ... CUT to past int . hal' hospital room - night in the dark i.c.u. room , hal be still attach to many i.v.s , Oliver be help hal look at a book of japanese rock garden with a flashlight . oliver want I to read this ? I find it in you book . hal yeah , alright . give I the flashlight . Oliver open it , they look at a few page together , photo of serene garden . oliver Nice . hal oh , that 's nice . ( continued ) 10/29/07 11. continued : hal keep peek at a bouquet of flower in the corner of the room . hal take the flashlight from Oliver and guide it to the flower . oliver oh , Andy bring that for you . hal oh , yeah ? hal continue to direct the light across the room , we follow the circle of light as it move a cross a wall landing on a painting . hal oh , who do that painting ? oliver well , I do not know . its just a painting on the wall . hal continue explore , Oliver 's enjoy he father 's curiosity , he land on some photo display on the table . hal a - - , and this ? oliver they be just photo , pop . hal but how do they relate to the exhibit ? oliver they be just personal photo . they be not art . hal slowly move the flashlight up the wall , across the ceiling to a strange assortment of fire detector , sprinkler , sensor , all laid out against the acoustic tile ceiling . hal point up . Oliver look for a beat , then ... oliver uh , well that 's the water sprinkler thing . hal well , its beautiful . oliver what be ? hal put the japanese garden there . it 's just beautiful . ( continued ) 10/29/07 12. continued : Oliver look from the ceiling to the rock garden book . the ceiling and the garden look the same . Oliver be move by hal 's confusion . andy , 45 - year - old , physical , boyish , storm into the room . andy hal . hal Andy ! Andy get on the bed opposite Oliver . he give hal a big kiss on the lip . hal glow . Oliver back away slowly . Andy pick up hal 's hand , turn it palm up and press he face into it . andy I bring something for you . Oliver watch from outside the room as Andy excitedly pull a portable tape player out of he bag . andy we make a recording for you . hal oh , god. Andy push play , on the recording we hear Andy 's voice : andy on tape this be for we friend hal field . hal . we love you . we hear voice hooting , and then large firework , laughter and clapping . Oliver watch he father 's happiness from a distance . CUT to present int . oliver' office cu on Oliver 's hand draw bright stream color of the firework . later : Oliver get 's to he real work , pull out a few 8x10 photo of a band " the sad " . there be some instruction on record company letterhead - he be to do a album design for they new record - they want he to draw portrait of the three member . Oliver begin to do quick portrait of they base on the photo . ( continued ) 10/29/07 13. continued : oliver Jesus , Liz . another band that want portrait . liz well , at least it pay the rent . oliver you do something decent once , and that 's all people ever want . jump CUT through the different portrait develop . it 's not what Oliver want 's to do . int . oliver' office - later Elliott and shauna let themselves in . elliot grab a stool and sit down . elliott hi Liz . Oliver continue to draw , as shauna and Elliott try to get he attention . elliott Oliver ? oliver yeah ? elliott the pen be not you friend . the paper be not you friend . the party be you friend . we be you friend . you friend be you friend . int . oliver' live room elliot be now dress as a cop and shauna as a large chicken , they be dance with no music as Oliver sit on a couch depressed dress as sigmund Freud , complete with wig-beard - glass - pipe . shauna I get the skill ... he 's get the move ... elliott I get the move ... you have get the skill ... 10/29/07 14 . int . oliver' front door Oliver , Elliott , and shauna be leave . Arthur can not believe he 's be leave behind . it 's actually the first time they will separate . oliver Arthur , you have not be invite to this party . you be gonna stay and look after the house . Oliver tentatively shut the door , take three step , Arthur begin to howl . Oliver try to ignore it , but stop again . he look back at the house and the howling . CUT to : int . oliver be car - drive Arthur , victorious , sit in elliot 's lap in the front seat , while Oliver drive and shauna be squeeze in back in she chicken outfit . elliott you remember when Oliver be funny ? and he could actually , like , talk , in complete sentence ? shauna funny ? funny ? I do not think so fun maybe , but not funny unless , like , serious be funny . then he 's ' fuck hilarious . elliot and Oliver laugh . shauna but , lovable . you be very lovable . elliott yeah , very lovable . int . house party - night Oliver carry Arthur , they all enter a costume party , make they way through the crowd of people in all kind of disguise , music blaring , Oliver slide into the less populate kitchen . a woman rush up to Oliver , surprised to see he have a dog . female partier so cute , do he do trick ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 15 . continued : oliver his name 's Arthur - he do not do trick . in the background be a couple dress as julian and ethel rosenberg , we see they observe Oliver and Arthur . partier no ? Arthur , sit ! Arthur promptly sit down . Oliver 's totally surprised . partier he 's so cute . shake ! Arthur stick out he paw . Oliver do not like see Arthur blindly perform . partier oh my god , he 's so cute , I want he . oliver ( in Freud accent ) do it make you feel powerful to order my dog around ? maybe give you a sense of power ? partier oh , you be be a therapist ! Freud ! oliver thanks , yeah . very good . Oliver pick up Arthur and escape the kitchen . the rosenberg 's be still watch . later ... Oliver and Arthur sit in a chair next to a couch where a man dress as a witch , complete with green face and long black hair , be lie back as if in a traditional analysis session . long -haired man well , I do not ask for this . who would ask for this ? this color . this nose . this cheek , this chin . you know , this be my life . this be not a story . this be not a joke ... Oliver be play along , but he 's really not emotionally ready for this party . he feel very far away . oliver yeah . ( continued ) 10/29/07 16 . continued : long -haired man I be so glad you come , doc. just really good to get this stuff off my chest . oliver ( in Freud accent ) I be sorry . we time be up , uh ... for this week . thank you for come in . the witch move on . Oliver sit with Arthur in he lap , alone , lose in all this joviality . we see that the woman dress as julius rosenberg be watch he . just as Oliver be about to get up , she plop herself down onto the couch , ready for she session . oliver v.o. oh , I be just - I be gonna take a break , actually . she pull out a write pad , oblivious . Oliver can tell she 's not go to give it up . oliver ( back in accent ) well , I guess we should start with you mother . the woman write on she notepad and show it to Oliver : " never have one . " oliver well then you father . she mime shoot herself in the head and die . oliver I do not understand . you can not talk ? be it a mental problem ? do you need analysis ? she write on she pad : " I have laryngitis " oliver that 's a physical problem . she smile at he , look at he a little too long , Oliver be more and more pull in by she playfulness - she write : " why be you at a party if you be sad ? " cu on Oliver , surprised and impressed by she observation . ( continued ) 10/29/07 17 . continued : oliver I be do such a good job of hide it . how could you tell ? ethel hold up she notebook . she have draw two eye . Oliver 's take by she . oliver clearly , I be gonna need a drink . you ? she smile and nod . oliver you , stay here , yeah ? Oliver move to -- int kitchen elliot and shauna be deeply engage in conversation with someone dress as a pickle and someone dress as much less colorful chicken . elliott no , its just not a natural color for a chicken . shauna no . elliott ( motion to shauna 's costume ) and look , you see what happen when you free yourself from the cage , walk away from the factory . shauna you just have no real color . you 're like -- Oliver slip past , hand Arthur to elliot . he scoops ice from the bucket and start fill two cup . elliott hey , hey . shauna ( counting cup ) uh-oh , one . uh-oh , two . elliott two drink . shauna what do that I -- , one , two . ( continued ) 10/29/07 18. continued : elliott well that 's two , two people . shauna two people . a girl and a guy ? elliott hopefully . shauna yeah , wow , make move . Oliver leave Arthur in Elliott 's arm . oliver watch he ok ? Oliver begin to leave he drink . we see he Pov of the woman dress as julius rosenberg wait on the couch . Oliver slip into one of he memory ... CUT to past int . oliver' bedroom / int . hal be bedroom - late night intercut : the phone ring , wake up Oliver , he turn on the light , answer the phone . pre -cancer hal talk excitedly . oliver hello ? hal Oliver ? oliver yeah . hal I be not sorry I wake you ! I go to akbar tonight . oliver you do ? int . akbar - night hal and he friend , brian and ROBERT , make they way through a crowded gay club . hal be by far the oldest , and most excited , man there . ( continued ) 10/29/07 19 . continued : hal ( v.o. ) they have wonderfully loud music . in - sit , in - sit , in - sit . what kind of music be that ? oliver ( v.o. ) probably house music ? int . hal be bedroom - night hal get a pad and pen to write this down . hal " House music . " int . akbar - night a bunch of Young Gay guy dance . hal be on the side , dance by himself , hand in the air twinkle he finger . oliver ( v.o. ) so do you meet anyone ? at the pack bar , hal drink alone . hal ( v.o. ) Young gay man do not go for older gay man . int . oliver' house continuous back to Oliver in bed , on the phone . hal ( v.o. ) you have it easy . CUT to present int . house party - night Oliver snap out of he memory . he make he way through the crowd and deliver the drink to she . he look at she a little too intensely , then blurt out . oliver would you like to dance ? she happily nod yes . they walk to the dance floor , we think Oliver 's go to be shy , but he break into a kinetic , angular , dance . she 's surprised with we - she laugh , they have a good time . ( continued ) 10/29/07 20 . continued : jump CUT through the night : Oliver , " julius " , Elliott and shauna be talk to a magician . " julius " pick a card , the magician mix it into the full deck , pop a card into the air , it be hers . shauna and Elliott can see that Oliver 's come alive . later . they dance again , now they be sweaty , the dance floor 's pack - it 's the pinnacle of the party . int . party bathroom - night the party 's winnowing down in the background - " julius " and Oliver look at each other in the mirror for a beat , and then simultaneously take they wig off , revealing they true selve . oliver hello ... shes mouth a silent " hi " ... oliver can I give you my number ? she pull out she pad and pen and hand they to he . oliver thanks . as he write , Oliver spy Arthur sit in the corner of the bathroom , stare directly at he . arthur subtitle tell she the darkness be about to drow we unless something drastic happen right now . Oliver look to she . oliver I feel bad drag Arthur to the party . I should get home . it be really nice meeting you . she write on she pad : " au revoir " oliver ( chuckle ) au revoir . yeah . he leave . ext . STREET outside party - night ( continuous ) ( continued ) 10/29/07 21. continued : Oliver and Arthur walk up the empty street - Oliver kick himself for miss he chance with she . his phone ring . oliver hello ? on the other end : silence . a little breathe , the party in background . oliver ( cont 'd ) be that you ? beep . oliver ( cont 'd ) one beep mean yes ? beep . oliver ( cont 'd ) I have always want to have a phone call with someone who do not talk ... beeeeeeeeeeeep . oliver ( cont 'd ) you want to do something ? beep oliver ( cont 'd ) now ? beep . oliver ( cont 'd ) okay , I be park just right up the street . beep . they hang up . Oliver be fill with hope . CUT to : " julius " walk out into a pool of street light . they smile at each other , but do not say anything . they get into he car . oliver okay . you point - I will drive . Oliver start the engine . she point forward and they head off . at the light she point leave , he follow . down the street she point right ... oliver this way ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 22. continued : she nod . Oliver drive up on the sidewalk before the street , head down it for half a block , then take she right . we can hear they laugh . ext . / int . HOTEL room lobby - night Oliver , Arthur and the woman enter a very fancy hotel lobby . Oliver be impressed . she mime 's give he a tour but still do not talk . int . HOTEL room - night ( continuous ) Oliver and the woman open the door and enter she suite . they look at each other nervously . oliver Nice place . they sit on she bed . she steal he pipe , put 's it in she mouth -- write on she pad and show it to he . oliver ( cont 'd ) oh , my mother . my mother die five year ago . anna ( in a hoarse whisper ) oh merd . oliver oh , you speak . anna ( a whisper ) I be not suppose to . she write and present he with a new question . oliver my father die two month ago , almost three . she look at he with sincere empathy and surprise . Oliver 's open up , a now everything gush out , he barely know what he 's say . oliver ( cont 'd ) he , he be gay . she 's very surprised . oliver ( cont 'd ) he be gay the whole time they be marry . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/29/07 23. continued : oliver ( cont 'd ) he come out after my mother die and , uh ... he be 75 year old . there 's a quiet moment of deep connection . oliver ( cont 'd ) sorry . she mouth " no " ( do not say sorry ) . she reach out and gently run a finger across Oliver 's brow and the outline of he face , he 's so vulnerable , she lovingly / mischievously squish he face together and mess up he hair . then she lean in , and they kiss for the first time - delicately . anna ( whisper ) can we just sleep ? oliver ( cont 'd ) sure , sure . they lay down , she take he arm and pull he into spoon she . he pull the cover over they . int . HOTEL room - the next morning Oliver wake , still in he clothes . anna be already up . she wave and Oliver smile . Anna hold up she notebook : " who be you ? " oliver Oliver . she write again : " go to NY . audition . back Thursday . " oliver how long be you here when you get back ? Anna hold up one finger . oliver a year ? Anna shake she head and smile . she gesture smaller . oliver a month ? right . and then ?... she pantomime a camera roll , and herself act . oliver you be filming here . acting . ( continued ) 10/29/07 24 . continued : Oliver smile as he interpret she gesture . oliver and after ?... she make a casual toss motion with she hand . oliver just somewhere else . where ? Anna only shrug . she write more , and toss the notepad on he lap . Oliver read : " can I see you again ? " he 's very happy . oliver yes . int . HOTEL hallway they walk down the long hallway , Oliver carry she bag , Anna hold onto Arthur 's leash . Oliver reach out and hold she hand . they stop and kiss - gentle and comfortable with each other . ext . anna's HOTEL , red hallway - day Oliver now alone with Arthur - head home , he 's happy . cu on he face as he remember ... repeat scene : Oliver and Anna 's first kiss , tentative and delicate . CUT to past int . hal be live room - day Oliver 's Pov : hal and Andy kiss lovingly . int . hal be kitchen - day Oliver 's Pov : Andy come up behind hal do the dish , kiss he . hal smile very happy . int . hospital room - night Oliver 's Pov : Andy kiss hal in the Hospital . CUT to present 10/29/07 25 . int . oliver house entry way Oliver and Arthur enter he home , much more alive than the last time we see he come through the door . oliver hello house , ( low voice ) hello Oliver . int . oliver' dine room - day Oliver make two pile of mail , one say Oliver field , one have a yellow forward sticker that say hal field . the hal field pile be much bigger . oliver Jesus , pop , you get so much mail . Oliver slow and stare at he father 's magazine - the advocate . two attractive , shirtless man on the cover under the title : America 's sweetheart . Oliver 's lose in memory ... doctor long ( o.s. ) hal , its remarkable how well you have recover from be on the ventilator . int . hal' hospital room hal sit 's on top of he hospital bed , wear one of he all black outfit , look much healthier . a doctor sit on he bed , Oliver listen from the side . hal but ...? doctor long the bronchoscopy reveal a mass about the size of a quarter . it be locate in you lower right lung . cu on hal take this in . doctor long ( cont 'd ) I be afraid the biopsy show it 's cancerous . hal uh-huh . I see . doctor long it appear to have spread ... to the large hilar lymph node in you chest and liver . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/29/07 26 . continued : doctor long ( cont would ) with the already weaken state of you heart and lung ... as Dr. Long talk about treatment , Oliver drift back from the conversation , slowly retreate to a window in the far corner , as we continue to hear Dr. Long speak , we see Oliver 's thought , fixate on " a mass about the size of a quarter " we hear : dr . long ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... surgery be not possible give its location . we can start radiation treatment and see if you be strong enough for chemo . you will be able to go home . we see : shot of a quarter on black shot of two dime and a nickel shot of 5 nickel . shot of 25 pennie . we cut back to hal 's face , stoically digest the news . doctor long do you have any question ? hal no . thank you . as the doctor leave . Oliver take he father 's hand . oliver I be sorry . hal well , let 's not rush out and tell everyone . oliver Andy ? hal no need to get he up a tree . hal take a moment and compose himself . in he eye we can see that he know there be a end to he life . hal ( cont 'd ) can you read I something ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 27 . continued : hal hand Oliver he advocate magazine , he begin to read from " tough guy do dance . " oliver the brazilian ballet star be already know not only as a skilled partner , but also as a gift and versatile dancer , who adeptly field role range ... camera track out of the room , leave the two man alone ... CUT to present int . oliver' office - day series of cu jump cut : we see Oliver 's hand as he draw a series of silhouett figure hang from tree , other happily behead , all with talk bubbles that say , " let 's not rush out and tell everyone " jump cut : Oliver draw another severe head , then a woman smoking next to the word , " first lung cancer . " jump to later : Oliver tack he drawing to the wall , look at they . he look down and pet Arthur , as we hear ... CUT to past oliver v.o. yeah , he 's fine . he sleep on you bed . hal but be he eat ? int . hal' hospital room hal sit on he bed fully dress , Oliver be visit . oliver yeah , yeah , he 's eat . hal oh God , I worry so much about -- as Andy enter , he hand mysteriously cup together . hal oh here we be ... Andy show hal he cup hand . ( continued ) 10/29/07 28. continued : hal ( cont 'd ) what have you get in there ? andy a slug . hal oh , Andy , you can not bring that kind of thing in here . andy oh I can look . Andy flash open he hand , revealing nothing . he snort and laugh . hal fuck you . Oliver watch with amusement . nurse sophia enter ... hal it 's time for inspection ... the nurse work she way between Andy and hal to take he pulse . nurse hello , Mr. field . hal hello . Andy feel interrupt , strangely hurt by the nurse . the nurse begin to take hal 's vital sign . andy I be Andy . hal 's boyfriend nurse I be Sophia . Andy get more and more upset . andy you know , I have the right to be here as much as anyone else . hal lovingly cut he off , try to ease the tension . hal go take a walk . calm yourself . Andy walk out , feel embarrassed and reject . ( continued ) 10/29/07 29 . continued : oliver what be all that ? hal oh , Andy have not have it easy . be nice to he . to everyone 's surprise , Andy storm back in with a bouquet of flower , dump they on hal 's chest , kiss he triumphantly and leave again . hal ( know he steal they ) Andy , where do you get this ? int . hospital room night jump cut : Oliver help a group of hal 's gay friend and Andy get settle . they be jovial , they come with drink and flower , the room get very full . Oliver hand out cup , offer wine , Andy lift he paper cup and make a toast . andy guy , guy , this be to we . cheer . a nurse suddenly enter . strict nurse drink 's not allow in the room . all the guy freeze . hal oh , it 's not ? she shake she head no , the party stop , she leave . Oliver instinctively polite , start pack up they cup . oliver I be sorry . moan and complaint from the group . hal no , no , no . she 's a wonderful nurse . ( he pause a beat , then raise he cup again ) here 's to health care . hal swig back he wine . they all laugh , grab they cup and toast . everyone to health care ! hal look happy , Oliver smile but can not believe he dad . ( continued ) 10/29/07 30 . continued : oliver what do you do with my father ? he be so polite . hal oh , I invite he - but he never return my call . the guy drink merrily . someone shove a cup into Oliver 's hand , pour he a drink . CUT to present int . old melrose bookstore - night Oliver , Elliott and Arthur be shopping in a very old and crowded use book store . Oliver pick up a stack of magazine as Elliott interrogates he . oliver two , four , six , eight ... elliott that 's it ? that 's all you be gonna tell I ? oliver I be gonna meet she at she hotel again . you happy ? elliott yeah , I be very happy . be you happy ? Oliver drop he book on the counter to check out . oliver ( to shop owner ) here 's eight ... turn to elliot . oliver we have not actually have a conversation yet , so , you know ... ext . street night - continuous the three be now in Oliver 's car . ( continued ) 10/29/07 31 . continued : elliott you be think about she all the time . oliver and you know that because ? elliott because you be not talk about it . I know you . there 's a pause , then the truth . oliver it 's true . it 's embarrassing . I be 38 and fall for a girl again ... CUT to past int . georgia' bedroom - day Georgia work at she write table . Young Oliver , bored , watch she . oliver v.o. ( cont 'd ) it 's like I lose the instruction or I , I never have they ... Young Oliver walk up to Georgia . young oliver where 's pop ? georgia at the museum . young oliver be something wrong with you guy ? Georgia be startle , she hide she feeling with humor . georgia what be you , in the FBI ? young oliver no . georgia the CIA ? young oliver no . ( continued ) 10/29/07 32. continued : georgia kgb ? ( Oliver shake he head , no ) sla ? ( no ) pta ? ( no ) BMW ? Oliver sit silently . georgia there be nothing wrong with I and pop. Georgia 's mask break revealing sadness . Oliver can see it , she can see he see it . Georgia get up and lead Oliver out of the room . georgia ( cont 'd ) c'mon . int . childhood hallway - day they stand in front of he bedroom door . georgia when you feel bad , you go into a room and scream - loud as you want , for a minute or two , then it 's out of you . it 's call catharsis . she open the door , push he inside , and close the door . int . oliver' childhood room - day Young Oliver pause , confuse in he room . he do not scream . int . childhood hallway - day he come back out . sheepish . oliver I do not feel like scream ... Georgia , never ruffle . georgia you will ... CUT to present ext . hollywood STREET - late at night Oliver and Arthur watch from the car as Elliott get a can of spray paint , head to a blank wall across the street and spray a large tag on a wall . he then run back to the car , look proudly at he work . ( continued ) 10/29/07 33. continued : oliver what the fuck be that ? elliott l-e- it , elliot oliver well , that 's ridiculous . elliott I know ! ( get he criticism more ) you be not very supportive . oliver well , its just copying something someone do , like , 30 year ago in the bronx . elliott well yeah . I be part of a tradition of civil disobedience , something bigger than myself . Oliver can not believe Elliott say that . ext . new STREET Elliott drive along -side Oliver who 's walk with a spray paint can , terrify as he 's never do this before . he try to spray , nothing come out . oliver how do it work ? elliott shake it , you have to shake it . Oliver shake it awkwardly , then spray across the wall : 1985 BUSH find jesus Oliver run back to the car , exhilated . elliott what be that ? oliver historical consciousness ... you know , something bigger than myself . Elliott scoff . oliver let 's do it again . Elliott drive off . Oliver 's come to life . ( continued ) 10/29/07 34 . continued : we hear : elliott ( v.o. ) okay , but when you see she , do not tell she that you paint historical consciousness on the wall ... we see : more of Oliver 's graffiti on different building : 1983 chicken mcnugget 2003 britney spear most googled ext . oliver' house day Oliver exit he house alone , down he front stair to the street . halfway down , he hear now familiar sound of Arthur bark and howling . Oliver can not believe it . int . anna's HOTEL room Anna be sit on the bed , gently petting Arthur . anna he 's sweet . he miss you dad . she stop . get up , nervous , and walk past Oliver into the next room . Oliver follow she in . they pause uncomfortably , Anna suddenly lean in and kiss he . before it go to far ... oliver maybe we , we could , um , just talk for a second . anna right . they awkwardly break apart . Anna go to a chair , Oliver follow . while nothing have really be express between the two , Anna seem to understand the problem . anna well , my name be Anna . you be worried you can not trust I because you do not know who I be . I get it . that make sense to I . she falter , look at he vulnerably . Oliver abruptly kiss she . she push back . they pause . she trace he brow slowly with she index finger , the way she do they first night . jelly roll morton be " sweet jazz music " plays ( continued ) 10/29/07 35 . continued : CUT to post sex : the music carry we , they lie in bed , naked . Anna innocently lean over and take Oliver 's arm and bite down hard . he grimace . she stop and kiss it , admire she tooth mark . she get up , sit at a side table and find she cigarettes . Oliver watch she . the music seem to bend and slow down , this continue as we fall into memory ... CUT to past int . georgia' bedroom cu on young Oliver 's hand push on a record make the bend , slow sound . georgia Oliver , stop it . Oliver stand up bored , Georgia 's in the connect bathroom get ready to go out . oliver this music 's old . georgia it 's black , black music be the deep cause they suffer the most , they and the Jews . Oliver plop down on the bed , listen to she . georgia in my next life I be gonna marry a good hot blooded Jew - someone full of emotion . oliver I be jewish right ? Georgia come and sit with he , caress he hair as she talk with he . georgia at 50 you be a quarter , I be a half , you father 's none . he have the least emotion , you will have more emotion than he , but I will have the most emotion . she like that she have the most emotion . they head out . ( continued ) 10/29/07 36 . continued : georgia at 50 you get to play chauffeur but just to the bottom of the hill . ext . oliver' childhood car 10 year old Oliver 's in the drive sear , Georgia smoke and admire he handle of the car . georgia you be turn into a wonderful driver . Oliver 's proud . int . lacma art museum step day Oliver escort Georgia up the large step of the museum . the crowd from a open gather at the top . int . david smith gallery lacma day Georgia and Oliver approach a David Smith sculpture . after stare at it 's angel for a beat , Georgia begin to do a angular modern - dance - pantomime of the sculpture , imitate it 's shape with she body . Oliver lock up with embarrassment . a confuse and concerned museum guard approach . security guard Excuse I Mrs. field .... georgia what ? you be not allow to interact with the art ? security guard it 's just that ... oliver c'mon . still embarrassed , Oliver take Georgia 's hand and walk she away from the guard . georgia you too ? you like be a good citizen ? oliver no . CUT to present 10/29/07 37 . int . anna's HOTEL room - later Anna 's sit in she kimono . Oliver 's buttone he shirt . anna can you toss I my camisole . Oliver throw a sweater . anna ( cont 'd ) no , my camisole . she throw the sweater back at he . Oliver look around helplessly . he grab a flower out of a vase and hand it to she . oliver camisole ? Anna laugh . anna you do not know what a camisole be ? oliver I be bring up by this animal and they do not like question . they be both smile now . oliver they be very frown upon . so I have to guess . Anna take this in . anna you can ask I anything . oliver anything ? CUT to : Oliver and Anna at the window . oliver what 's out there ? she point . anna that 's a tree . oliver yeah . ( continued ) 10/29/07 38. continued : anna and car . oliver uh-huh . anna another building like this one . oliver right . anna people in the building like we . half of they think thing will never work out . the other half believe in magic . it 's like a war between they . Oliver smile . he move away from the window . oliver how do you know so much about people ? anna oh. well , you have to learn how to read they face . she climb onto he lap , straddle he . anna for example ... here be mad . Anna pass she hand across she face , and she 's " mad " . anna happy ... her hand pass again and she 's " happy " . anna sometimes its just nothing . oliver oh yeah ? she point at she blank face . anna this be nothing ... and they be good at look one way and be another way . her playfulness be very meaningful to Oliver , he 's in love . 10/29/07 39 . ext . freeway pedestrian overpass they walk through a cage - in freeway overpass - Oliver be carry Arthur while blindfold Anna with he hand . over this we hear the sound of the quiet hotel room and a intimate conversation between they . anna ( v.o. ) you do not know I . I like that . oliver ( v.o. ) no , that 's not true . anna ( v.o. ) oh yeah ? oliver ( v.o. ) yeah , you have blonde hair that go down to about here . you smoke in non-smok room . Oliver be still cover she eye , lead she to a certain point , the busy sound of the freeway fade up ... oliver okay , open you eye ... high angle on huge truck and traffic racing just beneath Oliver and Anna 's foot under the overpass . the truck lay on they horn as they pass , scare and thrill they . moment later : they walk alongside the LA river together , arm in arm , happy . the intimate conversation continue in voice over . anna ( v.o. ) oh yeah ? you drive on the sidewalk . you be raise by animal . sometimes you look very alone , like you just get here . they meet up with friend on the bank of the river . oliver ( v.o. ) yeah , you see , you do not know I at all . int . anna's HOTEL hallway Oliver and Arthur be leave , walk down the long hallway together . Arthur seem to stop and look up at Oliver . arthur subtitle she 's unlike any girl I have ever meet . ( continued ) 10/29/07 40 . continued : Oliver stop and look at Arthur . oliver someone flashy walk into you life and you be just gonna fall for it ? arthur subtitle be we marry yet ? oliver no , uh , it do not work like that . there be other step , it 's complicated . they look at each other a beat and then walk on together . arthur subtitle I hope this feel last . CUT to past int . hal' hospital bathroom - day Oliver be shave hal 's face . hal what happen with Michelle ? oliver you know ... I do not know . hal she seem great . oliver she be great . hal maybe you should take out a personal ad , where you explain you situation ? oliver my situation ? hal yeah , I mean , you want to be in a relationship but you can not stay in one . oliver that 's you fatherly advice ? personal ad ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 41. continued : hal well , a lot of people use they ... I do . oliver what ? hal if Andy be not go to be monogamous , why should I be ? oliver Jesus , pop. hal Jesus yourself . int . hal field house - day hal 's friend hold up a hand - make " welcome home " sign in the live room . Oliver help hal walk to he crew , Andy at the center hold Arthur . hal hello house ( answer back in deep voice ) hello hal . Andy hold Arthur . hal and Arthur kiss . they have clearly miss each other . jump cut : Oliver take bottle of pill and syrup and inhaler out of a sav - on bag . he make a chart of the medicine , the dosage , and put the pill in a dish . it 's emotional job for he . int . hal' dine / kitchen Oliver watch as Andy sneak up behind hal with he hand cup close . hal turn and smile . hal oh God , what have you get this time ? andy it 's a green caterpillar . hal no , no , no , you do not have a green caterpillar . andy oh yeah I do . ( continued ) 10/29/07 42. continued : Andy open he hand to reveal he actually do have a green caterpillar . hal oh my god. Gross ! oh , Jesus ... ( laughing ) Andy put the caterpillar down on the saucer of hal 's tea cup , give he a big kiss , and start to leave ... hal hey , you go ? andy yeah , Michael 's in town . hal oh. right . Andy wave goodbye and leave . hal be sad but cover it up . he catch Oliver watch . oliver I think he be you boyfriend ? hal well , at least I be the number one boyfriend . hal grimace in pain , double over . oliver pop. hal oh , my stomach . oliver alright , come on . come on . Oliver try to clear the couch of book and dog for hal to sit down . oliver Arthur , down . hal well , let 's say , when you be little , you always dream of some day get a lion ? Oliver ease hal down onto the couch . ( continued ) 10/29/07 43. continued : hal and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and the lion do not come . then along come a giraffe . Oliver help hal get he foot up . hal you can be alone or you can be with the giraffe . oliver I would wait for the lion . Oliver grab the oxygen tube and put they on hal 's face . hal that 's why I worry about you . hal look at Oliver with love and concern . CUT to present int . oliver' office - day cu on Oliver 's hand as he write " the history of sadness " . CUT to he draw a explosion with the caption : " earth begins ( sadness not yet invented ) " . he draw a man and a woman with the caption : " first couple to marry for wrong reason . " he draw a spill glass - " invention of alcohol , ancient egypt . " he draw a man 's face and torso : " first gay man accused of be mentally ill . " he draw a man label " present " have be crush by a giant boulder label " past . " Oliver stop draw , think of a conversation with he father . CUT to : hal on he couch ( previous scene ) talk to Oliver . hal you want I to be with someone like I . I like Andy cause he 's not like I ... he 's fun . int . anna's HOTEL hallway Arthur run down the hotel hallway , follow by Oliver , they come to a corner and Anna jump out , scare they , they laugh and continue on together . 10/29/07 44 . int . melrose book store night Oliver and Anna be in the overcrowded use book store we see earlier . Oliver see she down the aisle . oliver hey , what do you get ? she put the cover of liv ullman 's " change " over she face - ullman 's face on the cover become Anna 's . oliver ( cont 'd ) liv ullman . very serious . anna and I find this crazy book . she hold a old copy of the joy of sex in front of she face . oliver that 's kind of a classic american thing . Anna open the book to a large draw of a couple have sex . anna maybe we can figure out some classic american thing to do . Oliver take the book and flip through the page . oliver yeah , like page 75 ? anna uh-huh . oliver or 75 all the way through , through 80 . later ... Oliver , Anna and Arthur sit at the end of a aisle look at a book on " Old Hollywood " . the book have a photo of Louise brook from the twenties . oliver ( reading ) Louise brook , star of silent screen ... effectively ban from Hollywood in early thirties , end up work as a salesgirl at sak fifth Avenue . ( continued ) 10/29/07 45 . continued : Anna listen . Oliver turn the page , we see a photo of Veronica Lake . oliver Veronica Lake . anna oh I love she . oliver she be a pin - up model and a film star ... success be short -live ... series of break marriage ... she struggle with mental illness and alcoholism . she die of hepatitis at the age of 53 . anna all this actor storey end sad . I can tell you that already . it 's not a good life . Oliver close the book , they share a look , and something vulnerable . Anna change the mood , pull out the Joy of sex , skip through the page as she talk . anna ( cont 'd ) so. now I want real mexican food . she stop on a illustration she like . anna ( cont 'd ) and I want to try page ... 46 . ext . STREET taco truck - night Oliver , Anna and Arthur walk up to a typical l.a . Taco truck on the side of the street . there be nothing fancy look about it . anna no . oliver yeah . anna really ? oliver it 's really good . jump CUT : they be sit on milk crate by the truck , ready to take they first bite , Anna dive in un - selfconsciously , we be not sure what she think . ( continued ) 10/29/07 46 . continued : oliver what do you think ? anna it 's so good . Oliver 's so relieved . oliver it 's good ? oh , I be not sure you would like it . anna why ? oliver you be a actress and stay in that fancy hotel . Anna can barely swallow she huge bite ... anna I like this place . int . anna's HOTEL room they lie on the bed , continue they conversation , side by side , look up at the ceiling together . anna I use to love hotel . but now I be always in a new apartment or ... in another hotel somewhere . oliver how do you keep hold of friend ... or boyfriend ? anna it make it very easy to end up alone - to leave people . oliver you can stay in the same place and still find way to leave people . she reach up with she hand , they finger intertwine . anna you be like that ? its what you do ? Oliver nod yes . they know each other much better than either one know . anna so we be the same ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 47 . continued : oliver yeah , I guess so . the look to each other . CUT to past int . hal be house - oliver be room - night thump and loud 1920 's music wake Oliver in the middle of the night . he turn the light on , discombobulate . he get up , work he way through the dark house . turn on light . oliver pop ? int . hal be live room - night hal 's awake , he 's take down dozen of book from a wall to wall bookshelf . a huge physical task . maria a nurse be with he . Oliver 's dumbfounded . hal oh , do I wake you ? yeah . ( handing Maria some book ) thank you Maria . ( to Oliver ) and now that you be here , uh , would you please put that up there ? oliver what be you --? pop. what ? hal I be reorganize . oliver prednisone make you crazy . hal I be just not sleepy . I feel great . int . hal' office Oliver and hal be sit at either side of he desk , Arthur be in hal 's lap . the sound from last scene bleed over ... oliver ( v.o. ) pop , you should rest . hal look sick but energize , he shuffles he desk of papers . ( continued ) 10/29/07 48. continued : hal as soon as I finish this papers . right , papers ? ( in a different voice ) right , hal . as soon as you be do , you can rest . Oliver can only sit and worry . CUT to present ext . elysian park Anna , Oliver and Arthur be walk in elysian park , a view of downtown behind they . Oliver 's look at she face , she notice . anna what ? oliver nothing , you be pretty . anna no ... oliver yeah . anna jewish girl be not pretty . they can be " interesting " , or cute , but not pretty . oliver you be kid right ? anna that 's what my mom tell I . oliver she do not . Anna laugh . as Anna continue to explain , the sound begin to fade down ... anna no , you be right , this girl at school tell I that . and I go home and my mom say , ` Anna , who tell you that ? and Oliver 's narration fade in over they walk ... ( continued ) 10/29/07 49 . continued : oliver ( v.o. ) this be what it look like when Anna tell I about be jewish in 2003 . and when I tell she that my mother be jewish . and then my father turn in he gay badge when my mother turn in she jewish badge . and they get marry in 1955 . CUT to narrated sequence still photograph flash before US : photo of georgia in 1938 , f.d.r. , business men ... oliver ( v.o. ) my mother do not know she be jewish until she be 13 . it be 1938 . this be what people look like . then lions and giraffe from 1938 . then adolf hitler on time magazine cover . oliver ( v.o. ) and lion and giraffe . this man be man of the Year . then georgia' father in 1938 , georgia' swim team photo . oliver ( v.o. ) her father try to hide that they be jewish . this be the swim team that ask she to leave once they discover that she be jewish . then a quick series of anglo looking female model and pin - up's from 1938 . oliver ( v.o. ) this be what pretty look like in 1938 . now a still photo of hal in 1938 . oliver ( v.o. ) my father realize he be gay when he be 13 . it be 1938 . then a series of photo of male model in swim suit and exercising . oliver ( v.o. ) this be what pretty look like . ( continued ) 10/29/07 50 . continued : then photo of there high school , g.i.' from w.w.2 , and jame dean . this be the high school where they first meet . this be the war they both go to . and this man be popular when they meet again . now a photo of a public restroom . oliver ( v.o. ) this be the only place my father could hide and have sex in the fifty . now historical film footage of gay men be busted by the vice squad in the 1950 be and be load into patty -wagon . oliver ( v.o. ) my father say if you get catch my the vice squad you could lose everything ... this be everything . a rapid - FIRE sequence of face and people from 1950 ' S advertisement - everyone happy and enjoying there car , family , meal and hair product . now a still photograph of a psychiatrist couch . oliver ( v.o. ) my father laid down on a couch like this and tell the psychiatrist all he problem in 1955 . the doctor tell he that homosexuality be a mental illness , but it could be cure . and then a medical model of a human brain . oliver ( v.o. ) not everyone get cure . a map of 1950 be LA , with SMALL arrow pointing to there home oliver ( v.o. ) this be where my parent live in 1955 . another arrow super on very close to there home . title : the mattachine society ( continued ) 10/29/07 51 . continued : oliver ( v.o. ) and this be the home where the first gay rights group be secretly meeting . now a still photo of a empty church from the 1950' . oliver ( v.o. ) while they be recite they vow , here in this church ... and then a still from allen ginsberg's 1955 apartment . oliver ( v.o. ) Allen ginsburg be write he famous poem , howl , block away in this room . as we slowly zoom into ginsberg's apartment , historical recording of he reading howl fade up and over the next scene . allen ginsberg ( v.o. ) who let themselves be fuck in the ass by saintly motorcyclist and scream with joy . who blow and be blow ... CUT to present int . oliver' office - day ginsberg's reading continue over : Oliver flip through a mock - up he make for " the sad " - it 's all the happy face from 1950 's advertising that we see in the last scene . one face per-panel . later : the three member of " the sad " and a record company rep arrive . jelly Roll Morton piano play , we see but do not hear the meeting take place . the sad look at the design , which include many of the " History of sadness " drawing we have see now in CD cover format - and no portrait of the band . it 's clear that the sad be not into Oliver 's work . CUT to : after the meeting , the record company rep talk to Oliver alone . record company lady just do the portrait of they , it 's a album cover , right ? that 's what they want . yeah ? Oliver 's very disappointed but polite . ( continued ) 10/29/07 52. continued : oliver yeah . right . CUT to : ext office build - continuous Oliver and Arthur leave the office , defeat . CUT to past int . hal be live room - day Oliver walk into hal 's live room , carry he full tray of medication . oliver here , pop. hal oh , god. oliver I know , I know . come on . hal begin take he many pill , with each one he ping he glass with a teaspoon as he swallow . the room be cluttere with book . Oliver pick up a toppling pile of file from a paper - fill side table . hal hey , no , no , no . that 's the Gay pride Day stuff . just leave that . oliver alright . Oliver begin to neaten a messy pile of book on top of a chair . hal and that 's for gay book club . you better leave that too . oliver but what about this chair ? be it gay ? hal the chair 's not gay . obviously . hal get up and walk to the kitchen , he oxygen cannon cord be attach to the pump behind he , stop he short . ( continued ) 10/29/07 53. continued : oliver pop , pop , the cord will not go that far . hal oh , to hell with it . hal pull off the oxygen and keep walk , frail but determine . Andy enter with a large pilate ball . hal oh , hey what 's that ? andy now that you be out of the hospital , you will have to exercise , get you back into shape . Oliver can not believe it . hal that 's a great idea . andy okay , let 's try it . I will , I will show you how . hal 's still head to the sink . hal yeah , later on , I be gonna make myself some tea . andy okay , I will clean it up . it 's a little - yech . Andy walk out , hal pour water into a kettle , in front of he on the window sill be the same vase from the first scene of the film , with some dead daisy in it . hal you mother 's vase need some flower . Oliver look at they frustrated and uneasy ... int . staples - day Oliver and hal walk amongst all the product . hal wear he portable oxygen and grab different kind of papers , dump they in the basket Oliver hold . oliver pop , you just get out of the hospital , you should take it easy . ( continued ) 10/29/07 54 . continued : they're in a new isle , hal continue he march . oliver you need to tell Andy that you be ... not well . hal , continue on , avoid look at Oliver . hal you will tell he , will not you ? Oliver 's flabbergasted , but he dad 's vulnerability be clear to he . oliver I ? hal please ? int . hal' guest house - day Andy 's on a elliptical trainer , through a window we can see Oliver approach with the weight of the world on he shoulder . Andy see 's he , can immediately sense that something be wrong . oliver hey . Oliver approach seriously , this make Andy nervous , he stop he workout . Oliver try to find he word . andy you know that I try to have sex with woman ? oliver yeah ? andy yeah . I want you to know I try , it just , it do not work . oliver hey , I do not have a problem with gay guy . andy have you ever have sex with a man ? oliver no . ( continued ) 10/29/07 55 . continued : andy I hear that if a man have not have sex with another man , he 's always afraid of gay man . you know , they be a threat . Oliver 's blow away by the logic . oliver I do not know Andy . andy I do not want you to feel threaten , I do not want to have sex with you . what I do , most people would not even call it sex . Andy 's relieved he get this off he chest , all tension be relieved for he , Oliver be just confuse . oliver okay , okay . andy hey ... Andy give Oliver a big sweaty hug . Oliver leave . int . hal be kitchen - continuous Oliver enter as hal 's finish the dish . oliver I could not tell he . hal that 's okay . oliver no it 's not . you can not hide this from he . he love you . hal for someone with so much relationship advice , you seem awfully alone . Oliver , angry but at a loss for word , take the flower vase and leave , Arthur follow . ext . hal be house - continuous Oliver and Arthur exit a side door , go to a planter full of daisy and cut some for he mother 's vase . he look back Arthur . ( continued ) 10/29/07 56 . continued : oliver just act natural . when he 's not look , we will make a run for it , okay ? CUT to present ext . griffith park we cut to Arthur sprinting up a trail in elysian park . Oliver and Anna chase after he . in contrast to the previous scene there be lightness and laughter here . int . anna's HOTEL room night the three enter , the phone be ringing , Anna be stare at it with dread . Oliver look at she , he finally move to pick it up . anna do not , do not . it keep ringing . anna it 's my dad . they both watch the phone as it ring and stop . oliver he 's that bad ? she pick up the phone , and gesture for Oliver to pick up the line next to he . anna ( cont 'd ) I will be my dad , you be I . oliver ok . anna ( in a deep man 's voice ) honey ? she gesture again , Oliver pick up the phone on he side of the bed . Anna turn away , he can only see she back across the bed . he turn away too . oliver oui ? Anna continue to talk in a different voice . anna c'est toi , cheri ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 57 . continued : oliver oui papa . anna you never call I back . anna you know , I can not stop think about , you know , about it . do it . oliver do what ? anna killing myself . you be the only one I can tell that to . Oliver break role , turn around look at she . oliver you should tell mom about that , not I . she just look at he . back into phone . anna you be my girl . they hang up . she 's embarrassed , she lighten the mood to get out of this intimacy . anna now I have to kill you . oliver just as it be go so well . anna I know . I be sorry . she toss a pillow over he face and pretend to shoot he twice . she pull the pillow back tentatively , he 's smile . oliver hey Anna ? anna hey Oliver ? oliver how do you feel about vandalism ? it 's the last question she think he would ask . she 's amused . ( continued ) 10/29/07 58. continued : anna I do not know . pretty okay . ext . los angele street / int . car - night Anna , Oliver , Elliott , shauna and Arthur drive up sunset Blvd . they arrive at Alvarado , park and get out . above they a well light large blank / white billboard . as Oliver and Elliott get spray paint can from the back of the car ... elliott Oliver , do not write any of that serious stuff , okay ? just write something funny . Girls like funny . ext . rooftop the gang get to the top of the stair , on to the roof where they can see the large blank billboard tower in front of they . shauna you know what ? here , give I Arthur . we will just stay here and get arrest . you know , that 's good . Oliver leave Arthur with she , and Anna and Elliott and he head off to the billboard . they climb it 's structure , it 's high and a bit scary . on the top be a gang plank look over the city . Anna be happy she come . Elliott go to paint the back side of the billboard . Oliver meet up with Anna , over look the city . oliver you okay ? anna yeah . I be gonna stay here with my new friend ( the handrail she hold ) . oliver okay . Oliver walk out and write big letter across the billboard . you make I laugh but it's not funny . he make he way back . Anna 's not where she be , he look and find she in the gangway between the two billboard with a view to downtown below she . anna c'est beau ici . ( continued ) 10/29/07 59 . continued : oliver yeah . he come to she , want to get beyond the romance somehow . oliver I be try to impress you . anna ( gasp ironically ) really ? she walk to he and put she hand around he head , somehow it 's more intimate and vulnerable now . anna it 's work . they kiss . moment later . they be at the bottom of the ladder . they all run back to they car . int . anna's HOTEL - night Oliver , Anna and Arthur walk down the hallway . Arthur bolt ahead suddenly , get free of Oliver , he run to and old man - wear all black and look just like hal . Oliver run up to stop Arthur . oliver Arthur , Arthur . I be sorry . we see the old man 's face , it 's not hal , but it the resemblance hit Oliver too . the man be struggle with he hotel key card . old man oh. no problem . no problem . what 's with this card ? oliver ( cont 'd ) uh , do you mind ? Oliver swipe the man' key , the door open . old man thank you . he disappear . Oliver look overwhelm by this ghost . Anna sense what 's happen . she lead Oliver to they room . int . anna's room - night Oliver sit on the bed , sink . Anna watch he . she come to he , hug he . ( continued ) 10/29/07 60 . continued : anna he look like you dad ? oliver yeah . she want to take care of he , she lay he back on the bed , help he take he coat off , she 's sit on he , caress he - Oliver be overwhelm by memory . oliver somewhere along the line , he stop admit to himself that he be sick . CUT to past int . hospital - day a series of repeat action on different day : 1 . camera track with Oliver help hal into the Cancer Center . hal be full of life . same angle two more time , different day , different clothes and extras . 2 . hal arrive at the cookie plate in the Cancer Center lobby . same angle two more time , different day , different clothes and extras . 3 . cu on the cookie plate . same angle two more time , different day , different cookies . 4 . hal sit happily eat he cookie . he be chipper , alive , without self - pity . same angle two more time , different day , different clothes and cookies . int . radiation room hal look into camera ( Oliver 's perspective ) as he pull he shirt off , the radiation machine be in the background . hal grandly introduce Oliver to the technician . hal Oliver , this be blake . he 's a wonderful man . cu of the small round registration tattoo on hal 's chest ( continued ) 10/29/07 61 . continued : hal look . I finally get a tattoo . registration purpose of course . CUT back to present int . anna's HOTEL room Anna still straddle Oliver , she 's move by he story . anna good for he . CUT back to past Oliver continue to tell Anna about hal . int . counterpoint bookstore oliver ( v.o. ) he do a lot of shopping . buy all this book . same angle and location , jump CUT through 3 different day of hal looking for book . jump CUT through 3 different sets of book be pushed toward the cash register . oliver v.o. and new clothes . int . mens clothing store dressing room . same angle , mens dressing room , 3 different day , oliver bring different clothes to hal in the dressing room . int . staples style store - day hal buy more and more paper , Oliver help he . oliver ( v.o. ) he be obsessed with staples . int . nursery jump CUT through two different day , oliver help hal buy plant . ( continued ) 10/29/07 62. continued : oliver ( v.o. ) he buy a lot of plant . CUT back to present int . anna's HOTEL room Oliver 's very emotional now , as be Anna . oliver he have a lot of party . CUT to past int . hal be house - night Oliver arrive at hal 's , there be a party go on , Oliver be surprised , he carry grocery with he . hal well , glad you could make it . oliver I think I be make dinner ? hal it 's movie night . Oliver and hal make they way through a crowd of hal 's gay friend . they be in party mode . party guest hal , you look wonderful . hal oh , I be turn the corner on this thing . we loose hal and Oliver in the group ... int . hal' dinning room - another day twelve of hal 's gay friend sit around the table in a assembly line of paper fold - envelope stuff - labeling , stamp ... oliver ( v.o. ) he have this political letter write party , there be a out gay congressman he be support ... ( continued ) 10/29/07 63. continued : hal lead the guy as they put the letter together . int . hal be house ( back to movie night party ) back to Oliver and hal , arrive in the kitchen with the grocery . oliver ( v.o. ) he start tell everyone that he be get better . they be finally almost alone . oliver ( cont 'd ) why be you tell they you be " turn the corner " ? hal well ... oliver you have stage 4 cancer ? hal it 's not as bad as it sound . oliver pop . there be no stage 5 . hal that 's not what it mean . oliver what do it mean ? hal it just mean it 's be through 3 other stage . Oliver do not know what to say , he look through the door at all of hal 's friend -- happy , laugh , party . he look back at hal , ready to fight he more , but for the first time we can see fear and doubt in hal 's face . oliver what movie be we watch ? hal " the life of harvey milk . " he be the first openly gay politician ... oliver yeah I know who harvey milk be . hal good , good . ( continued ) 10/29/07 64 . continued : hal head back to the party , leave Oliver alone in the kitchen overwhelm . moment later : everyone be crowded onto the couch , they be watch the harvey milk film . int . hal' office hal pace and dictate to a secretary . oliver ( v.o. ) he hire a secretary that he could dictate to . live action portrait of the secretary looking into camera . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he write a essay about religion ... int . hal' dinning room - another day hal work with he secretary as Oliver look on . hal pull the lap - top to himself and read what he have dictate ... hal eventually Jesus grow old . he could no longer walk far and he could no longer preach in a loud voice . one day he announce to he apostle that he be depart . the three disciple pray with he , give he water , bath and feed he . after gasp for breath for several day , one morning , just as dawn come , Jesus pass away . oliver you re-wrote Jesus ' death ? they all laugh . hal it be so violent , we need new storey . Oliver go over and kiss hal on the head . int . hal' live room Oliver enter and see hal and Andy take a nap together on the day bed . hal wake up and wave at Oliver . ( continued ) 10/29/07 65 . continued : oliver v.o. for the first time I see he really in love . Oliver wave back at he father . anna v.o. he sound amazing . but that must have be crazy for you . CUT to present int . anna's HOTEL room Anna hug and kiss Oliver . she 's both overwhelm by he need and sympathetic to all that he 's lose . later that night : the room be dark , Oliver be asleep . Anna be nervously awake . she quietly get out of bed , put she pants on , and sneak to the door . Arthur wake up and hop to she want to follow . anna stay here . she start to close the door , Arthur scratch , she try again , he scratch . she open the door , Arthur trot out into the hallway - Anna catch up with he . int . HOTEL hallway a troubled Anna walk down the hallway with Arthur . int . HOTEL ballroom a dark empty ballroom , fill with table . Anna sit in the dark and smoke . int . HOTEL room Oliver wake up , slowly figure out that Anna be not in bed . oliver Anna ? int . HOTEL hallway Oliver , now in clothes , sleepily look for Anna . 10/29/07 66 . int . HOTEL ballroom Oliver enter the ballroom , Arthur trot to he . he see 's Anna across the room - full of heavy feeling . he sit by she . anna I could not sleep , I want to walk around ... Oliver 's petting Arthur . he 's confuse and hurt . anna you have lose so much . what if I can not make up for that ? oliver if this be too much , then we should just stop . Oliver get up and start to leave , Anna 's surprised . she catch up with he put she arm around he from behind . anna wait , wait . she force he to stay there . anna I do not want to stop . they hold this pose in silence for a beat , then , surprisingly , he hoist she over he shoulder , and carry she back to they room . she laugh , they have make it past this trouble . CUT to past ext . large parking lot - dusk Andy shout ... andy ready ? Andy have a set - up of large firework ready to go , hal and twelve friend stand by , Oliver 's behind . everyone but oliver yes ! mock enthusiasm . oliver no ! ( continued ) 10/29/07 67 . continued : the firework go off . booom booom booom booom it be incredibly loud . Big firework explode , the guy laugh and holler . hal raise he arm up in the air in celebration . hal again ! everyone again ! again ! as Andy light up some more . booom booom booom booom Oliver cover he ear , he yell out ... oliver fffffuuuucccckkkkkk !!!!!!!! he 's still yell after the explosion stop . the guy , all sense the insanity laugh and yell back at he . guy fffffuuuuucccccckkkkkk !!!!! Oliver 's laugh now - the noise , the absurdity . hal and Oliver make eye contact . hal yell less strongly than the other but try ... hal ffffffuuuuucccckkkkk !!!!! they keep eye contact . they be bond , happy , out of they normal confines . Oliver come to hal , yell again . oliver fffffuuuuucccccckkkkkk !!!!! hal fffffuuuuucccccckkkkkk !!!!! oliver fffffuuuuucccccckkkkkk !!!!! hal fffffuuuuucccccckkkkkk !!!!! CUT to later : all the guy spread out across the parking lot look for Arthur who must of fle during the explosion . ( continued ) 10/29/07 68. continued : everyone Arthur ! Arthur ... Arthur ... CUT to present int . anna's HOTEL room morning Arthur run towards camera chase a tennis ball that Anna throw for he . he run back and jump onto the bed , waking Oliver . he 's sleepy , she 's happy , want he to wake up . anna ah , you be awake ! Arthur say it 's time to get up , he say he have the day off . oliver he talk to you too ? anna yeah . oliver you English be not so perfect . and he say ten minute . int . moonlight roller rink - night hard cut Oliver and Anna roller -skate to carousel music . they be have a great time be terrible at it . Oliver and Anna join Elliott and shauna on the side of the rink . Arthur be half hide in a duffle bag at they foot . oliver you okay ? ( to Anna ) you do really well . elliott yeah , I can not believe that be you first time . oliver ( to Arthur ) you watch all the human go around and around . the manager of the rink suddenly arrive , upset . manager Excuse I . there 's no dog allow in the building . you need to remove he from the premise please . ( continued ) 10/29/07 69 . continued : oliver if I leave he on he own , he lose all control . manager I be sorry . there 's no dog allow in the building . oliver yeah , but if I leave he in the car , he cry , he howl . I can not leave he in the car . elliott and shauna c'mon , it 's she first time ! anna ( angrily ) a can vas ! c'est bon ! manager I do not know what she 's say but I do not like it . oliver she be just talk in french . she 's say it 's ok , it be such a small dog . manager you need to remove the dog from the premise or I be go to have to call the authority . oliver you be gonna call the authority ? elliott and shauna fuck it , steal the skate , just leave . anna dan ce pay ! on not peut pas amener un Chien . on peut rien faire . mais c'est con ... ext . moonlight rollerink back door - continuous Oliver , Anna and Arthur make they way out the door and down the street in they skate . int . MAIN HOTEL hallway they roll down the main lobby hallway , Arthur run behind , dodging people as they go . 10/29/07 70 . int . upstair HOTEL hallway they struggle to skate down the hotel hallway , past a may . oliver sorry , excuse we , sorry . they enter Anna 's door . int . anna's HOTEL room - continuous Oliver , Anna , Arthur enter on they skate . still very playful , they skate around the big room . the phone ring . Anna 's face fall , they both know it must be she father . she muster 's on try to have a good time . Oliver go and unplug the phone . oliver he should not do this to you . the phone in the next room keep ringing . he awkwardly skate to it and unplug it . he return . Oliver skate to she concerned . anna even if we do not answer , he 's still in here ( point to she head ) . I go somewhere else , he 's still here . Oliver can relate . oliver you leave soon ? anna yeah . oliver I think you should come to my house and move in with I . anna would you want a strange girl like I ? oliver yeah , a lot . she 's very move . anna do you cook ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 71 . continued : oliver yes ( not so sure ) . she laugh . she almost cry as she think this over . she skate to he , put she arm around he . anna I would love that . they kiss . oliver but now I be go to have to kill you for sure now . anna why ? oliver Cause I be fall in love with you . the sound in the room fade down , Oliver 's narration fade in over the shot of they embrace in they skate . oliver v.o. Anna and I be in a relationship in 2003 . still photo of the SUN in 2003 , the star , live action shot of oliver and anna eating , talking at night in bed : oliver ( v.o. ) this be what the sun look like and the star . this be what it look like when we eat . when we tell each other the storey in we head . then still photo of l.b.j. , george pompidou , then SUN in 1971 , anna's cat , anna's parent in the 7u' , anna be postcard of paris - london -berlin - new york CITY : oliver ( v.o. ) I be bear in 1965 . Anna be bear in 1971 . this be what the sun look like . her pet . her parent . she leave home when she be 16 . she live here and here and here . now still photo of four different young men , 3 drawing of oliver be x's : oliver ( v.o . ) she have three serious relationship . she leave all of they . I have four serious relationship . I leave they too . or let they fall apart . ( continued ) 10/29/07 72. continued : still photo of w.w.2 gi's see before , and the public mens room see before . live action shot of anna feeling troubled , live action shot of anna walking by the river looking into camera happy . olvier ( v.o. ) we do not go to this war . we do not have to hide to have sex . we god fortune allow we to feel a sadness that we parent do not have time for and a happiness that I never see with they . now live action shot of oliver and anna talking at night , live action shot of oliver and anna running backward in pretend slow motion . then anna's eye looking into camera , her ear , her feet , anna saying " I love you " . oliver ( v.o. ) we do not know how we learn the storey in we head but sometimes they stop run and I can really see Anna 's eye in 2003 . her ear . her foot . this be what it look like when she say , I love you , in 2003 . live action shot of anna crying with oliver , live action shot of oliver hugging her and anna saying something we cannot hear . oliver ( v.o. ) this be what it look like when she cry . when she tell I there 's always a new empty room wait for she . they use to make she feel free . now they make she feel the opposite of free . int . oliver' office - day Oliver 's at he desk , look at photo of himself and he mother at a museum exhibit from the 70' . we see young Oliver and Georgia , a exhibit of stuff animal , a quote on a wall . Oliver go to he notebook , look through they till he find a small rainbow sticker . he put it on the table and think ... CUT to past ext . hal' dinning room Oliver 's help hal take he medication , hal deal with be mail . ( continued ) 10/29/07 73. continued : oliver next one . hal Lord . with each swallow he ping a glass with a fork . hal open a letter from a gay rights organization , he hand Oliver the rainbow sticker we just see . hal ( cont 'd ) here , that mean gay pride . oliver yeah , everyone know that , here . he give hal another pill , another reluctant difficult swallow , another ping . hal no they do not . oliver everyone know about that pop. hal do not be ridiculous . hal 's hide something , he do not look Oliver in the eye when he ask ... hal do you know , about I ? Oliver shake he head no . oliver no , I just think you and mom be not in love . hal we love each other . oliver but you be gay that whole time . hal I learn how not to be . oliver for 44 year ? hal I know I be gay , though , at dinner party I be look at the husband not the wife . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/29/07 74 . continued : hal ( cont 'd ) I could not have survive if I do not know that . I just choose not to follow that instinct . oliver what about sex ? you guy have sex ? hal she do not think I be the great lover , but we make do . look , I like my life , the museum , we house , that 's what I want . oliver and mom ? you want mom too right ? frustrate and angry , Oliver take the pill tray into the kitchen , leave hal behind . hal yes , stop that . hal she propose to I you know . this draw Oliver back into the room . hal I say - look I love you and we be great buddy but you know what I be . and then she say , that do not matter . I will fix that . Oliver 's never hear this part of the story before . ` hal I think . oh , God . I will try anything . screen fill solid pink . oliver ( v.o. ) sex . screen fill solid red . oliver ( v.o. ) life . solid orange . oliver ( v.o. ) heal . solid yellow . oliver ( v.o. ) sunlight . ( continued ) 10/29/07 75 . continued : GREEN . oliver ( v.o. ) nature turquoise . oliver ( v.o. ) Spirit . we see still photo of the first gay pride flag , the 1977 san francisco gay pride parade . oliver ( v.o. ) the first Gay pride flag be make in 1978 by a man name Gilbert Baker . he give a meaning to each color . now still photo of carter , a lego figure , superman , pet : oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this man be President . this be invent , this be what movie look like . pet . historical footage of harvey milk body be carried away on a stretcher . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) on November 27th , 1978 . harvey milk be shot and kill . still photo of the museum exhibit of stuffed animal . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one week later , my father open he annual Museum Christmas exhibit . he collect stuff animal from people in the community , and put they on display . my father print a quote from the velveteen rabbit in large type on the wall ... now a still photo of the quote on the wall of the museum . oliver v.o. ...` the stuff rabbit ask - what be real ? and the horse say , " Real be not how you be make . it 's a thing that happen to you . when a child love you for a long long time not just to play with , but really love then you become real ... ( continued ) 10/29/07 76 . continued : now we see historical footage of gay men be load into patty wagon by the vice squad in the 1950 be : olvier ( v.o. ) ... and the rabbit ask , ' do it hurt ? ' and the horse say , ' sometimes . ' ' do it happen all at once like be wound up , or bit by bit ? '... then historical footage of castro STREET during the 1977 gay rights parade : oliver ( v.o. ) ...' it take a long time . that 's why it do not happen to people who break easily ... int . hal' live room Oliver enter to find hal and Andy dance humorously to loud opera music . hal dance free , without restraint , full of life . oliver ( v.o. ) ... generally by the time you be real , most of you hair have be love off , and you eye drop out and you get loose in the joint . but this thing do not matter at all because you be real and you can not be ugly , except to people who do not understand . ' " the music blare as Arthur greet Oliver . hal come to Oliver , Andy continue to dance . hal Andy 's move in . oliver yeah ? be that a good idea ? hal hug Oliver . hal just be happy about it . Oliver can not just be happy about it . CUT to present 10/29/07 77 . int . oliver' office hard CUT to : Oliver 's design for the sad tack on he wall - a clumsy draw of a man and a woman with the caption : " first couple too in love to feel sad . " reveal a sad band member look at the design in disbelief . the rest of the band look at Oliver 's wall of design - there be no portrait of they . we cut into the meeting mid melt-down . oliver this be the idea , be that it 's the history of sadness . Oliver spread out a impossible long CD panel design . oliver here , this could be you ... the panel go on and on . oliver you gonna need a big CD box . jump CUT : later , Oliver 's still try to talk the band into he idea . four billion year ago , Earth begin . and the idea be that sadness have not be create yet . jump CUT : Oliver and the record company rep now alone . oliver I be sorry . record company rep I be sorry too . they shake hand and she leave . jump CUT : Oliver 's now alone with Arthur in he lap . oliver well , that go well . arthur subtitle be we marry yet ? ext . oliver' house Oliver 's car stand in front of he house . he get Anna 's suitcase out of he car . ( continued ) 10/29/07 78. continued : oliver come on Arthur . int . oliver' front door they enter he house , it 's she first time there . she 's nervous , but try to get over it . oliver this be the live room . he lead she into the dining room . oliver dining room . Oliver point to a photo of he parent when they be in they 50' . oliver there be my parent . my mom . hal , Georgia , this be Anna - Anna - hal , Georgia . Anna 's overwhelm feel increase , she continue to try to roll with it . anna hello . int . oliver' stairwell Oliver continue he tour , lead she up the stair to he room . oliver this be the stair . anna yeah ? oliver they go up . int . oliver' bedroom they enter , Anna 's churn , he show she some drawer in he dresser that he emptied out . oliver I emptied this for you . I will get you case . ( continued ) 10/29/07 79 . continued : Anna look around , not able to deal with the intimacy , stability and generosity . oliver be you okay ? she want 's to be , she hide it all by initiate sex with he , physical and fast . int . oliver' bedroom - night ( later ) they sleep . int . oliver' bedroom - dawn Oliver wake up , he figure out he 's alone again . feeling he be try to overlook come to the surface now . int . oliver' live room - morning Oliver come into the live room find Anna on the couch . feeling of hurt and mistrust well up in he . nervous at Oliver 's look , feel in trouble , she try to reconnect . anna you ok ? oliver be you ? anne I could not sleep , I do not want to bug you . Oliver can not overcome he mistrust of she and the whole situation . she try to defend herself , honest and vulnerable . anna I be nervous , and excited . I keep think , maybe I be not so lose . oliver why be you cry yesterday ? they be mile apart . int . oliver' office - day Oliver deep in think , something building in he ... ( continued ) 10/29/07 80 . continued : CUT to past repeat memory : Young Oliver watch he mother and father go through the motion of kissing . CUT to present ext . oliver' house - night Oliver and Arthur stand outside he house at night . int . oliver' bedroom Oliver notice Anna 's drawer be still empty . int . oliver' dine room they eat , they connection be break . Oliver be moody and distant . anna you okay ? oliver yeah . CUT to : int . oliver' kitchen room - morning Oliver alone in the kitchen , brood . Anna enter in she kimono . anna you seem so unhappy with I . oliver well be you happy here ? anna maybe I be not perfect at it . I do not really know what I be do ... but I want to be here . he 's silent , distant , confuse . she 's hurt by he silence and mistrust and leave . 10/29/07 81. int . oliver' bedroom we see but don 't hear : Oliver and Anna talk / argue through a series of jump cut . the sound come back for the last line . oliver I do not know Anna . I do not think this be what I be suppose to feel like . Anna look crush and surprised . anna okay . I will go back to New York then . she get up to go . ext . oliver' house day a cab be pick she up , Anna look back up at Oliver 's house , hope something will happen , nothing do , she put she suitcase in the trunk and get in . int . oliver' live room day Oliver pace by he door . he rest he head against the door , lose in a confuse sadness , we cant tell he 's cry . CUT to past int . hospital hallway - day Oliver 's Pov as he push hal 's wheelchair down a cold hospital hallway . int . doctor ' office - day Inside a small doctor 's office , hal , Oliver and Dr. Long have a meeting . dr . long hal , you do not need to come in for any more treatment . stoic and irreverent , hal feign surprise . hal have I do something wrong ? ( continued ) 10/29/07 82. continued : dr . flaster it 's best that you stay home . hospice can help you more now , any more treatment would just -- cause more pain . hal I see . dr . long I be sorry , I wish we could do more . hal you do a excellent job Dr. Long . thank you ... for ... for come to the party . Oliver 's devastate . int . hal be home - day - later jump cut : from hal and Oliver 's Pov we jump through time as two man deliver and set up a hospital bed in hal 's live room . and the nurse put sheet and a blanket on the bed . ext . hal be STREET - day Oliver wheel hal 's chair in outside the house , take he to see a view of the canyon . hal 's face reveal he 's finally stop deny the end be near . int . hal be house - night Oliver and hal sit side by side in he new hospital bed , it 's dark and quite and Oliver have he hand in hal 's . hal you always want to hold my hand when you be little . I could not , you know . I be afraid it would look funny . I want to be close , you know and my father certainly be never close with I . God , I hope I be not like that . oliver I can barely remember you from when I be little . hal I guess I be at work . CUT to past 10/29/07 83. int . museum open 1978 Young Oliver walk behind Georgia as she meander through the crowd , feel alone . she turn and find Oliver on she tail . a fancy woman be talk pretentiously about a painting . Georgia 's critical and amused , she sidle up to the woman and gently place she head on the woman 's shoulder . fancy woman oh ! Georgia smile at she , casually unnerve . Oliver pull she away . oliver let 's go home . CUT to : Oliver and Georgia head away through the gallery . georgia what about you father ? what will he possibly do without we ? int . museum hallway as they be make they way out of the museum a formal older lady stop they . older woman Georgia ? you leave ? georgia yes Mary , it 's a emergency , Oliver 's appendix have rupture . older woman oh dear . they look at Oliver who 's mortify . georgia he 's a very compose child . oliver let 's go . Oliver pull she away before she start any more trouble . ext . STREET / int . georgia' car Georgia 's in driver seat , they be at a stoplight . georgia ( continued ) 10/29/07 84 . continued : Oliver point leave and she turn ... georgia aha . the infamous leave . up a new street , they arrive at the next stop . georgia and ? Oliver point leave . georgia Left again . go in circle . I like it . irreverent but heavy , they drive on . int . oliver' childhood home Oliver and Georgia enter . she head down the hallway to she room , Young Oliver follow behind . she walk down the hallway to she bedroom , enter and close the door . CUT to present int . oliver' house - night Oliver lie on he bed in the half darkness . he 's be there a while , Arthur stare at he . CUT to past int . anna's HOTEL Oliver remember Anna on she hotel bed the night they meet , mess up he hair , kissing for the first time . back to present int . oliver' bedroom Oliver feel the most lose , can not help but look at Arthur who 's stare he down . arthur subtitle we know it would not work even before we meet she . Oliver get 's this more than ever . something change inside of he , he pick up he cel phone and dial . anna ( continued ) 10/29/07 85 . continued : oliver Anna ? where where you ? ext . elliott's house - day Oliver arrive with Arthur in a hurry . ext . elliott's door - day Oliver hand Arthur , a dog bed , and a bag of dog food to Elliott . oliver hey . elliott hey . oliver ( to arthur ) you be go to take care of Elliott . I will be back in a couple of day . ( to elliot ) good luck . elliott alright . oliver okay ? thanks . Elliott close the door . Oliver head back to he car and Arthur 's howling begin . it 's a incredibly sad and desperate howl . Oliver get to he car , the howling do not stop , Oliver can not ignore it . Oliver get 's out of the car , head back to house to get Arthur . ext . oliver be car - day Oliver and Arthur drive up to a new house . Oliver look at Arthur with guilt . ext . andy'' backyard - day ( continuous ) Oliver watch Andy cry as Arthur lick he all over . andy he remember I . it 's true , Oliver 's surprised . 10/29/07 86 . ext . andy'' house - day ( continuous ) Andy close the door , Oliver walk the first ten foot , to he surprise , silence . he walk to the edge of the yard , silence . he tentatively get into he car , silence . he drive away . int . taxi cab - new york - dawn Oliver see the Manhattan skyline as they cross the bridge into Manhattan . ext . 2 nd avenue - continuous Oliver cross the cold New York avenue . ext . avenue B and 10 th ST . - continuous Oliver pass a bodega with flower - he pause . ext . anna's STREET - continuous Oliver now with a bouquet of flower in he hand , look for the right number , find she building . on he way to the door , he have doubt about the flower , he decide to throw they away . Oliver ring she buzzer , no answer , a stranger leave the building and he catch the door before it close , he enter . int . anna's door Oliver make it to she door , he knock , there 's no answer . he pull out he phone and call she . intercut between they : anna ( v.o. ) hey . oliver hey . look I be so sorry ... but I be , I be at you front door . I be in New York . Anna , still in bed , sit up and feel something . anna ( v.o. ) I be in Los Angeles . Oliver 's flabbergasted she 's not behind the door . ( continued ) 10/29/07 87 . continued : oliver you , you be in LA ? Anna laugh , but be touch . oliver ( cont 'd ) you say you be come here ?! anna yeah , but I do not leave . oliver fuck . I be in you building . Anna laugh . anna ( v.o. ) okay . see the window ? near the radiator ? Oliver look around and see the radiator - go to look . anna there be a hide - a- key behind it . int . anna's apartment . the door open , Oliver tentatively enter the empty room . the apartment be very spare , barely live in . a lone couch , clothes on a rack , a few personal photo tape to the wall . oliver okay , I be inside . wow , there 's like nothing here . anna no . Oliver move forward into the kitchen . anna ( v.o. ) this be my kitchen . it 's where I eat . Oliver follow she tour , while she 's not there , it 's strangely intimate . anna ( v.o. ) this be my bathroom . it 's very fancy . the bare , poor bathroom be not fancy . anna ( v.o. ) outside my window ... ( continued ) 10/29/07 88. continued : Oliver walk and look out she window . anna ( v.o. ) ... that 's my neighbor 's roof . the room at the end be my bedroom ... int . anna's bedroom Oliver enter she bedroom . anna ( v.o. ) that 's my closet . that be my clothes and my picture . there be a single rack hold up some clothes . her picture be tape to the wall . Oliver sit on she bed . anna why do you leave everyone ? why do you let I go ? Oliver think for a moment . CUT to past int . oliver' childhood home - night repeat memory : Oliver watch he mother walk down the hallway , very alone , and enter she bedroom - it feel like some gesture of hopelessness . we hear oliver' answer over this image : oliver ( v.o. ) maybe because I , I do not really believe that it 's gonna work . and then I make sure it do not work . CUT to past int . hal be live - room - day hal lie in the hospital bed set up in he live room . juan , a young handsome and probably gay hospice nurse be gently help he take he morphine . hal look at Juan with love and affection . Oliver watch from the kitchen door . hal be not Juan 's hair wonderful . juan thanks . I use this great mousse . ( continued ) 10/29/07 89 . continued : hal well it 's terrific . juan do you wanna try some ? hal turn shy and young . hal oh , no . juan just a little bit ? hal I do not think so . juan come on . just try a little bit . it will be fun . hal ( laugh ) yeah ? juan yeah . hal how do you do it ? juan okay , I be go to show you how . Juan step away and grab he mousse , put a little in he hand and sit back down on hal 's bed . he begin to spread it gently through wisp of hal 's white hair . Oliver watch hal close he eye , and deeply enjoy this simple affection and camaraderie with another gay man . juan there . hal be that it ? hal look into camera which be Oliver 's Pov . hal how do I look ? Oliver 's fill with love , happiness , regret . oliver great . you look great . CUT to present 10/29/07 90 . int . anna's bedroom Oliver 's still on she bed , he heart and mind be somewhere else . CUT to past int . hal be live room - day hal 's unconscious on he hospital bed . some of hal 's friend gather around he hospital bed as hal 's gay priest give he he last rite - Oliver and Juan watch in disbelief in the background . int . hal be kitchen - later Oliver 's alone in the kitchen , he head on the table - asleep . Juan walk to he and wake he . juan Oliver . he 's go . Oliver get up . he can now see to the hospital bed , hal 's lifeless profile . Oliver be lose . Oliver go to hal , put he head on he chest and cry . CUT to narrated sequence CUT to black oliver ( v.o. ) once you make the call , you have less than a hour before two man come and place the body into a bag . we see still photo of a check to the neptune society , a jar of peanut butter , a metal ash container . olvier ( v.o. ) they charge 1485 dollar for cremation and deliver the remain in a small metal container , the size of a jar of peanut butter . you will need to get a death certificate . now hal' death certificate , credit card , phone bill , insurance statement , mortgage statement , tax form ( continued ) 10/29/07 91 . continued : oliver ( v.o. ) you will need to make copy and send they to cancel every credit card , phone account , utility , gym membership , every insurance policy , mortgage , to settle they tax . a fast sequence of still of hal be mail piling up , then live action shot of a hand writing the obituary . still photo of a trash bag , hal' purple sweater . oliver ( v.o. ) you will have all they mail forward to you address . you will write they obituary . you run it with a photo in the paper for two dollar a word . you will wonder if it 's right . you will throw a lot of they stuff away . you will bring a lot of they stuff to you house . this be the photo my mother keep in she bedroom . a still photo of dorothea lange's framed daisy photograph . then , multiple version of the photo with different hand and different configuration of daisies flash by . oliver ( v.o. ) when I be a kid I think that be my arm give she daisy . now I make a new mistake and think it 's she arm give I the daisy , say , here , here 's simple and happy . that 's what I mean to give you . ext . andy'' house - day Oliver arrive at Andy 's door . Andy answer , Arthur 's jump up to see Oliver . oliver hey . andy hey . oliver Arthur ... Oliver pick he up , he get all of Arthur 's stuff , he 's a little cold to Andy . oliver thank you ... thanks . ( continued ) 10/29/07 92 . continued : andy it 's cause I be gay , be not it ? Oliver stop and look back . oliver what ? andy you never call or come to see I ? Oliver falter , not know how to say it , then ... oliver no . no , it 's because my father love you so much . this hit Andy hard . Oliver turn to leave but can not . he turn back , go to Andy and they hug . int . oliver' bedroom Oliver and Arthur arrive , happy and relieved , Oliver jump on he bed and Arthur follow . oliver Arthur ... hey . hey , how have you be ? int . oliver' house - live room Oliver open the front door to Anna . oliver hey . she 's a bit tentative , but she 's here and happy . anna hey . oliver come in , come in . Arthur run up and Anna bend down to greet he . they miss each other . Anna walk in and Oliver follow . anna the live room . she head to the dinning room . ( continued ) 10/29/07 93. continued : anna dining room ... Oliver laugh nervously . in the dining room , hal 's old box be still stack along the wall . Oliver lean forward and pull something out of a box . she look at a personal ad application , with the picture of hal in the open jean jacket we see at the beginning of the film . anna oh. crazy picture ... oliver yeah . anna can I read it ? oliver sure . anna I be look for sex with the hope it turn into friendship or a relationship . but I do not insist on monogamy . CUT to past various location we see repeat shot of hal , and in every shot he 's look at camera . hal tell Oliver he 's gay , hal napping with Andy and wave at Oliver , hal after Juan put in he hair mousse look at Oliver , hal show Oliver he radiation tatoo ... anna ( v.o. ) I be a old senior guy , 78 , but I be attractive and horny . I be a art historian , now retire . more repeat shot : hal with Andy at the l.a . pride picnic , hal play with Arthur on he couch . anna ( v.o. ) and in addition to art , I like house , garden , party , and walk with my Jack Russell . I be 5'11 " , 160 pound . I be trim , gray hair , blue eye , hairy cheest . CUT back to the present ( continued ) 10/29/07 94 . continued : oliver chest ... anna ( laugh ) chest ? I like give and , and what ? Oliver finish read for she . oliver I like give and get rubdown and then go into mutual soft stuff . they both smile . anna I have a nice house with food , drink , friend and I . if you be willing to try a older guy , let 's meet and see what happen . she look at the photo again . anna he do not give up . they look at each other , more vulnerable and willing than we have see they . int . oliver' hallway Anna walk down the hallway , Oliver follow she . int . oliver' bedroom Anna and Oliver sit side by side on he bed . oliver what happen now ? anna I do not know . oliver how do that work ? they look at each other , they smile . CUT to MAIN title