be human written by Bill forsyth third draft January , 1992 warner bros . inc . '' 1992 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved " ... and as he stare at the sky and listen to a cow moo almost dreamily in a distant village , he try to understand what it all mean -- the sky , and the field , and the hum telegraph pole ; he feel that he be just at the point of understanding it when he head start to spin and the lucid languor of the moment become intolerable ... " Vladimir nabokov in this script there be six main character who inhabit different period of time , from pre-history to the present day . but there be just one story . because we blend into one develop narrative the life that we show . there be no suggestion of time travel or re-incarnation or any other tricksy or mystic device . we can do in real time and with real character what other movie strive to do with immortal time traveller and ghost . we story be thoroughly base in reality and the magic we be deal with be real , human magic . in move from one character to the next everything will change ; support character , set , period . but the essential situation of we hero of the moment will relate to the one before and the one follow . the magic will be in the transition , in leave one character and advance the film through hundred or thousand of year to find we next hero in tantalizingly similar human circumstance . the effect of this transi - tion across space and time , will let the audience grasp the simple truth behind we story ; that we be all in it together . the key to allow the audience to enjoy this human connection at the heart of the film be that one actor will play the six individual . the feel will be of the endless , glorious play and replaying of the simple drama of be alive . we end the film with a present - day hero , but by that time we will be see this modern man in a entirely fresh light , feel he kinship with the caveman and the slave and the other who have go before . the resolution of he contemporary story be theirs also . by then perhaps , we will be able to see ourselves in this novel perspec - tive , too . and the structure of the film itself have the thrill of novelty . it have never before be use in cinema . never . we six character and they storey connect in many different way , some obvious , other vague , tanta - lizing thread . even global connection be make , as the planet itself and all its people , come and go in the story . for the audience the game of make the connec - tion , feel the bond , even invent or discover association of they own , will be endless in this big - good of storey , smallest of storey . it be truly a new cinematic experience . * * be human hector be a family man . he and he woman and two child live near the ocean in a shelter fold on a hillside , a shallow cave give protection at its entrance by a cover of branch and brush . just inside a small fire smoulder permanently , a few time a day encourage into life for cooking or warmth . if it ever go out it would be a catastrophe , so it remain a smoulder com - fort and a constant preoccupation for the whole family . hector do not know that he name be hector . it be simply a convenience to help we tell he story . the idea of individual name be a imaginative leap that have not yet be make by mankind when we first meet he . hector be live out he life 4000 year before the birth of Christ , in a reasonably temperate zone of the planet . in he entire life hector will traverse no more than ten square mile of it . fade in : first image be the reflection of hector 's face in a rock pool . the image suddenly fragment . hector be enjoy himself , deflect he stream of pee now and then so that he image reform itself and then be disrupt again . when he be finish , a trace of vanity make he bend down closer to he reflection . he stroke he long hair and finger a blemish on he cheek . then he be aware of another presence . he sharply turn . some way off a solitary figure stand on the rise of some rock , not afraid to show itself . hector call out . hector go back home ... leave I alone ... we see that the figure be a young boy , hector 's son . the Boy think about it for a moment , before turn and disappear behind the rock . 1-4 title scene 1 - 4 the small fire that never go out have be enlarge to cook the day 's meal . Beyond the fire on a rock shelf hector play with he child , a girl of six and Boy of eight . it be the usual rough romp that father indulge in , but in 4000 BC possibly rougher than normal . hector be act the part of some trap wild animal , lash out at the hunter surround he . but in he act of wild rage he get carry away . he pick up he son and throw he hard , much too hard , on he back . ( continued ) 2 . * 1-4 continued : 1 -4 the Boy tumble down from the shelf to the cave floor at he mother , deirdre 's foot , howling in pain . deidre scowl at hector . if the gesture have be invent he would probably shrug he shoulder . the Boy howl on . hector kneel beside he daughter , absorb in she antic as she sleep . she be a vivid dreamer . her whole little form wriggle and contort in response to the fantasy unspool in she head . she emit unearthly nighttime noise , squeal and giggle and moan . hector be fasci - nate . where have he daughter go ? who be this strange wild creature that have take she form , lie beside he ? hector 's daughter delight he . and while hector watch he daughter , deirdre from they bed watch hector . it be almost dawn , the cave be quiet and the fire have diminish . by its light we see deirdre and hector make love , on they bed of dry grass and skin . it 's diffi - cult to say what they lovemake might look like . what have 6000 year do to that art ? we will think about it . on the far side of the cave we see the sleep child . as we move closer we see that they be far from sleep . two set of bright eye peek out from under they cover . we CUT between they , the loving parent and the watch , learn child . hector be argue with he son , just outside they cave . the Boy want to go forage with he again . hector no ... stay here ... stay ! hector take a few step . the Boy follow . hector no ... go back ... go away ... hector walk on again , take big , angry father stride . the Boy stubbornly tag along at a safe distance . hector walk on for some time before turn on he . hector leave I alone ! stay here ... stay ! there be real anger in he voice . the Boy wisely retreat to the cave . as hector turn to continue he walk alone he see deirdre look at he accusingly from the entrance . she hold out she arm ready to comfort the Boy reject by he father . hector be in the classic , timeless , no -win situation and he know it . with a sigh of frustration he head for the beach . 3 . * 5 ext . shore - day 5 hector be forage on the shoreline , gather cockle , seaweed , mussel , crab , anything edible . he splashes in the shallow , hoard the food in a roughly - woven bag . every now and then he will suck a cockle from its shell or crunch on a particularly tasty piece of seaweed . hector look about 30 year old . this be advanced middle age for he time and it show . he have a heavy cold and a irritate hack in he throat . in a similar condition a modern individual would spend two or three pleasantly drugge day in bed , perhaps attempt a little light paperwork propped up on some pillow . the sun be warming the day . hector sit on a rock , sur - vey he world . he seem very much a part of it . he watch some wading seabird nearby . like he they be nose around the margin of low tide for food . he smile . in another season they or they egg will pro - vide a meal or two . there be a strange atmosphere of appropriateness in the scene , hector seem such a inte - gral part of it . the easy fit of the man in he land - scape strike we . hector belong to it in way that a present - day hunter or holiday maker , or even naturalist , never could . also , there be a odd sense of the world be rather empty . whether the larger world be round or flat , spin or orbit , hector neither know nor care . he know simple thing . cold and hunger . he know warmth , rough comfort and companionship . his family and the safety of they cave . further along the shore hector drop he bag and straigh - ten himself , ease the ache in he back . then some - thing disturb he . from behind a distant headland a smudge of smoke trail into the sky . hector pick up he bag and run . he know where he be go . he reach a vantage point on some rock . he steady himself and gaze hard out to sea . we can feel the strain in he eye as he try to detect any hint of threat in the glint water . then he jaw drop in fear . around the edge of the headland two dark shape proceed in regular motion . they steady progress be full of menace . oar - drive boat , slowly , insistently make they way into hector 's bay . he jump from the rock and run up the beach toward the cave . one thing else that hector know be fear , blind , gut - turn fear . 6 ext . hillside - day 6 hector be a small figure in the landscape now , racing up the steep slope in the direction of he home . ( continued ) 4 . * 6 continued : 6 he stop for breath and to look back on the bay . the shape be distinct now , two large open boat , roughly make but menacingly adequate for they purpose , coastal raid . the boat be near the beach now and figure can be see prepare to land . hector gather enough of he wit and strength to continue he race up the hillside . 7 int . hector' cave - day 7 Inside , he family be in a state of panic . they seem to have prepare for this moment . through they agitation there be purpose . they gather bit and piece to carry with they in they flight . hector 's child be attemp - ting to take too much . hector shout instruction to they as he put more wood on the fire . it must stay burn in they absence . hector gather he family together and they leave the cave . 8 ext . hillside - day 8 hector shove he child in one direction up the slope further into the hill . his woman run off the other way . a hasty , confuse argument take place . hector up the hill ! deirdre no , down onto the other beach . the little one can not take the hill . neither can I . hector up the hill ! they be down there already . I see they ! deirdre you be wrong ! she run off down the slope . hector have no choice but to follow she , herding the child in front of he . deirdre run on , head for the lower slope and the cover of some tree . then from this same tree she see the figure of the raider come toward she . she turn , run back up the hill . hector and the child also turn and run back the way they have come , by now drop precious bit of food and other possession . the raider be run strongly , five or six of they . ( continued ) 5 . * 8 continued : 8 the little girl start to go back for a precious toy she have drop . hector pick she up and carry she off over he shoulder . the Boy follow . deirdre be trail behind they . she be right . she do not have the stamina for the hill . hector look back and see the raider gain on she . his face be a con - fusion of fear and indecision . he almost stop , as if to go back and help she , but then change he mind and run off once again with the child . deirdre be by now throw the thing she be carry at she pursuer , hope that they will stop to retrieve they and allow she to gain some ground . but they do not stop and the effort tire she even more . she attempt one final dash and then , all of she energy go , she stop in she track and wait for she pursuer . the raider break they run also and trot and finally walk , the distance between they and deirdre . hector be watch all of this over he shoulder , still run . he stop for a moment to watch deirdre be finally surround by the raider . then he run on . 9 ext . valley - day 9 hector be tiring , too . with the girl still awkwardly cling to he neck he be pick he way up a steep slope , half - drag the Boy up behind he . he stop for a breath and see the raider move into the valley below . in a moment of utter panic he let go of he son , drop the girl from he shoulder , and run on alone . we can sense the moment of release in he unburdene flight . but it do not last long . some way up the slope he stop and turn . he see he child , only now beginning to work out what have happen , and the raider below . he can not do it . even as the girl call to he he be run back down the hill , feel the first stab of a guilt that will never leave he . girl come back , dada ... 10 ext . valley - another angle - day 10 hector and the child have reach the safety of a small valley higher up in the hill . the raider have be slowed down by they capture of deirdre . hector be hoist he two child into the lower branch of a solitary tree on the hillside . he coax they up into the higher branch . ( continued ) 6 . 10 continued : 10 boy I be hungry . hector do not move from here . I will come for you in the morning . there 's no food . try and sleep in the branch . do not cry . do not make a noise . hector move off , look back to he child in the tree . they too gaze anxiously at he . they do not wave . maybe wave have not be invent yet . hector head off alone , higher into the hill . 11 ext . rock - dusk 11 it be dusk now . we find hector waking from a fitful sleep behind some rock . he sit up and take in he surroundings . his face harden as awareness of he pre- dicament return . he stand up and then crouching low , move off down the hill . 12 ext . valley - dusk 12 hector have return to the area of the tree . he slow down some distance away and just in time . he see a figure stand beneath the tree . he move forward to the protection of some rock , and watch . he be close enough to hear the voice of the solitary raider , although he do not understand the word . the raider look up into the branch and talk in a friendly , persuasive way . raider it 's too cold to spend all night up there . we have get a fire at the beach . food , too . there be no response from the tree . the raider coax again . raider come on ! you mother 's down there . she 's happy ... she 's warm , too ... and full ... she want to see you ... she send I ... his friendly tone of voice have a effect . there be movement in the branch . hector can see the dark shape of he two child clamber down . the raider stretch out he arm and help the Boy to the ground . ( continued ) 7. 12 continued : 12 then he reach up for the girl , catch she as she drop and keep she in he arm . he laugh in a comforting way . raider that be easy , eh ? you be half asleep already , little girl . I will carry you . hector watch the raider and he child move slowly off , down the hillside , the raider carry the girl in one arm and hold the Boy 's hand . they almost look like a family . 13 ext . beach - night 13 it be fully dark now . on the beach the raider have set up a comfortable camp with a large fire . we be still with hector . he have come down from he bleak hide place in the hill . the smell of fire and food and con - cern for he family , have draw he here . he be hide somewhere way off from the camp , but close enough to observe it . what he see disturb he , but for odd reason . his family appear to be happily integrate with the raider . his two child have become fast friend with the man who coax they from the tree . his woman be with a larger group closer to the fire . they be playfully attempt to communicate with she , and although still a little timid , she be smile . there be no hint of bar - * barity , rape or abuse . that be not the intention of the raider . to they , a fertile woman and two healthy child be as gold will be to plunderer of later age . for they part , the family have to accept the situation . food and shelter be the best that life can offer . painfully , hector take in the reality of the scene . his family have be steal from he , plain and simple . in the morning they will be go , out to sea and round the headland forever . he watch they for a while longer , then it become too painful . he retreat into the dark - ness and up into the empty hill again . 14 ext . rock shelter - night 14 hector spend a long , cold night alone , squatting in a narrow crevice in the rock . he do not sleep , or even attempt to close he eye . he stare into the darkness . there be nothing in the world to comfort he , no phi - losophy or religion , no friend to run to . this night he be utterly alone . 8. 15 ext . rock - morning 15 in the morning it be lightly raining . hector stand in the drizzle outside the shelter . it seem to revive he , refresh he , even comfort he . a sign , however meager , that life go on . then hector trot off in the direc - tion of the shore . there be not much else that he can do . 16 ext . beach - day 16 the raider be load up they boat , wading back and forth from the shoreline . hector watch from cover . his family be already on one of the boat , await * whatever lie ahead , too afraid to betray real emotion . * the last of the raider on shore wade out the short dis - tance to the boat . hector watch this moment of departure , watch the face of he family . hector make he move . in a mad act he break cover and * run down toward the depart boat . the last raider be climb aboard . hector charge at full speed to the water 's edge . he scream agonizingly at the raider and impotently start throw stone at they . the raider all look at he . the leader be impudently brush hector 's missile aside , like so many fly and smile . suddenly hector 's rage and energy leave he . he stand look at the raider and they look at he , for a long moment . the raider be all young man , hardly into they twenty , and nowadays might resemble something like a * motorcycle gang . but in hector 's time they be man in the full prime of life . they begin to laugh and exchange remark about hector . he return they look fiercely . his woman and child sit on the boat , freeze in fear . * the leader eventually turn from hector , still smile and give a order . the man lift they oar and prepare to leave . then a older man stand up in the other boat . he call over to the leader , nodd in the direction of hector . hector do not know what they be say , but they have a intense exchange , obviously center on he . the older man seem to be a adviser , a priest or wise man , although he 's still only about thirty year old . the leader listen to he intently . the priest talk and point to the cliff . the leader look there and nod he head . he give some instruction to he man . hector stand , bemuse . six or so of the raider leave the boat , wade ashore and without any resistance from he , take hold of hector . hector 's child instictively rise * as if to defend they father , but deirdre , despite she * own feeling , wisely hold they back . * 9 . 17 ext . cliff - day 17 hector 's hand have be bound with rope . he be be lead up to the top of the cliff . the Priest and the leader walk on ahead , still talk intensely . at the top of the cliff the bay and the boat and the wide sea be stretch out beneath they . the Priest , as they arrive , become excited . he point to a pile of large stone at the very summit of the headland . the mound of stone be obviously man-made . priest I tell you ! I know they do it around here ! ask he ... the leader move closer to hector and talk to he in a friendly , reason tone . leader what do we do ? do we throw you over , be that the idea ? hector do not understand . he look at he blankly . leader he want I to throw you over . what do it do ? do it help the sun ? should I throw you over ? the leader try to help hector understand by miming the act of throw he off the cliff . hector do not know how to respond . priest I tell you , it 's one man , one stone . it will help the voyage . the leader be unsure . he walk around the pile of stone , check it out from all side as if it be some infernal machine that he do not know the working of . he squat down and squint through it to the watery sun emerge from the cloud far out to sea . he look across to hector , now sit on the grass . the leader sit down beside he . they sit together like friend . the ageless intimacy of sacrificer and victim . leader what 's it get to do with the sun ? priest I do not know , yet . the leader look at hector . then he make up he mind . ( continued ) 10 . 17 continued : 17 leader no . it 's too much of a risk . just add a stone to the pile . let he go . that 's the best we can do . let 's go . with that , he stand up . the Priest , with some sense of ceremony , look around for a large stone , pick one up and place it on top of the pile . he wait for a moment , almost as if he expect some consequence of he action . priest it 's meaningless , without he go over the cliff . the leader stride off back toward the beach . the other follow he , give a final look or smile to hector , apart from the Priest , who look he up and down , regret that he be not by now a corpse in the ocean . hector watch they go , too shocked still to react in any mean - ingful way . he stand alone , try to unpick the rope that bind he hand . when they be some distance from he , hector start to follow they , at first run to catch up and then simply trot after they . the raider be aware of he behind they . the leader eventually stop and call to hector . leader off you go . we do not want you . he turn from hector and move on . hector persist in follow they . they be he only connection now with anything that think or feel in the world . his link with they be all that be leave . again and again the leader stop to shoo hector away , but hector dumbly tag along behind . 18 ext . beach - day 18 the raider wade out to the wait boat . hector follow to the very water 's edge , then stand and bleakly watch they . the raider prepare to move off . hector be a embarrassment to they now . at the last moment the leader give a brusque order to one of he man . the man clamber out of the boat and wade ashore again , carry a large flint- blade knife . he come out of the water and walk up to hector . hector be beyond any form of reaction . he will take whatever be offer to he . the man come close , the knife hold ready . he stand in front of hector for a moment . on the boat , hector 's family be tense with fear for he life . ( continued ) 11 . 18 continued : 18 then the tense moment pass , as the man grunt and nod at hector 's hand , still bound with rope . hector under - stand . he lift he hand and the man with some effort hack through the rough hemp . then he turn and wade back to the boat . as the man clamber aboard the leader speak to he . the man stop , drop back into the water , and return to hector on the shore . he offer hector the cut piece of rope , a weird gesture of conciliation . he even smile . hector refuse the gift . the man stand sheepishly for a moment , then drop the rope at hector 's foot and wade back to the boat . a piece of rope in exchange for a family . hector watch they for some time , he family and the strange raider , as they , achingly slowly , retreat from he view and he life . at last he turn and move up from the shoreline . he go some distance then stop , think for a moment , then retrace he step . he go back to the water 's edge , pick up the piece of rope that bound he , and walk off with it . it might be of some use to he . 19 int . cave - day 19 hector have return to he cave home , now cold and empty of life . he be work on he instinct now , still emotionally in shock . he dig around in the ember of the fire . some of the larger bit of wood still hold some life . hector bend low and start to waft expertly * and blow at the fire 's remain . we leave we first hector squatting at he fire , in the simple act of physical survival . for he the problem of emotional survival without he family lie ahead . 20 int . bathhouse furnace - day 20 this be another , bigger fire . in fact we might be in hell . a crude furnace blaze . filthy , sweat - cover man feed it with wood and charcoal , a endless task give the ferocity of the fire . to one side of the oppressive , low - ceiling furnace room , some small boy endlessly toil at two large bellow , feed the flame with jet of air . over the noise of the furnace someone be whistling , a odd human sound in a inhuman set . shadowy figure come and go with barrow load of wood . we tilt up to the space above the furnace to see a mass of dangerously crude clay pipe , ooze water and steam at every joint . 12 . 21 int . bathhouse - day 21 above the heat and filth there be a different world . a clean , beautifully tile world of lazing figure , dron conversation and resonant laughter . it be the hot room of a bathhouse somewhere in the Roman Empire . we have advanced 4000 year into the future and it show in the technology . it be men' day at the bathhouse . all of the people relax in the water look prosperous and comfortable with themselves . slave wait in attendance , some around the edge of the pool , other in the water rub back and massage shoulder . there be three or four time as many slave as bather , and the proprie - torial way that they look after they master give the place the odd atmosphere of a kindergarten for over - indulge grown-ups . and then we find we hector . he stand against the wall , hold a large towel . although clean -shaven and more healthy - look we can still recognize hector , more so * by the look in he eye . there be a set to he face that tell we he be a man alone , emotionally detach from he surroundings . he be a personal body slave . he watch he master in the pool , alert to any hint of need that he might have . hector 's master lucinnius be not as relaxed as the other around he . he be in anxious conversation with a older * man wading beside he . we do not hear what they be say but there be enough body language to detect lucinnius ' plead and the older man 's cool distraction . the older man give a final dismissive shake of he head . hector * immediately move to the side of the pool with the towel as lucinnius climb out of the water . lucinnius I be go to the cool room . 22 int . bathhouse - another angle - day 22 * hector wrap the towel around he master and follow he , a look of concern on he face . lucinnius ' worry be hector 's also . hector walk a pace behind lucinnius through various chamber of the bathhouse , pass the game area and the massage room as they go . all around they slave attend to they pampere master . 23 int . bathhouse - cool room - day 23 * after a anxious scan of the cool room , lucinnius go towards three man occupy a marble bench . ( continued ) 13 . 23 continued : 23 hector as if by magic produce a small wooden stool for he master to sit on as he join the other . hector then move out of earshot , but still alert to he master 's behavior . lucinnius be nervous as he attempt to casually join he friend . the eldest of the three give off as much of the aura of a godfather as a naked man in a towel can . the other two be deferential to the older man , and treat lucinnius with apparent con - tempt . hector watch the older man put a paternal hand on luccinius 's shoulder and speak with a calm smile on he face . hector almost wince to see he master submit to this patronize treatment . slave and master exist so closely together that many of they feeling be share . more precisely , lucinnius 's feeling be share by hector . it be a one - way exchange . from morning until night , and probably in he dream too , hector be live two life , he own and he master 's . here in ancient Rome be this what they call classic schizophrenia ? as luccinius stand to leave we can tell by they expre - sion that the three men be open in they contempt for he . hector be quickly on he foot and by lucinnius 's side as he go . a final sarcastic remark come from one of the three . man # 1 well wash , lucinnius . lucinnius try to muster he dignity as they leave . * 24 ext . STREET - day 24 this be not the grandeur of Rome , but the dusty main street of a provincial capital in Greece or Spain or North Africa . it be difficult to tell from the people because they be such a cosmopolitan crowd , face from every corner of the Mediterranean world . it have some - thing of the atmosphere of a frontier town in a western , except that here the half - finish building be make of brick and stone . lucinnius leave the bathhouse . hector follow three pace behind he , load down with the large towel , the scrubber , robe , and the wooden stool . the stool go with they everywhere , in case lucinnius have to stop in the street and converse with a friend . other notables be among the street throng , they own slave tagging along behind with they little wooden stool . some have whole train of slave shadow they . human status symbol . lucinnius stop near some street stall . hector stop beside he . ( continued ) 14 . * 24 continued : 24 lucinnius bad omen , hector . bad omen . get I something to eat . just a mouse or two . hector yes . hector place the stool at lucinnius 's foot and move off . lucinnius sit down , still absorb in he problem . hector keep a eye on lucinnius as he order the food . hector two mouse ... and some bread ... stallholder no mouse . hector two chicken leg , then , cold , and the bread . as hector be give the food and pay for it , he see another man , julian , approach lucinnius , trail by two slave . one of they be carry a fold chair much more substantial than lucinnius 's . Julian and lucinnius greet one another and sit down to talk , lucinnius at something of a height disadvantage . the two slave move off to one side . lucinnius 's mood have brighten since the arrival of he friend . they conversation seem open and friendly . hector give he master he food , and then move to join the two slave , hearing a snatch of the conversation as he go . julian of course you be free to call at my house at anytime , but I be receive nepos ... how could I admit you ? hector offer to share he bread with the other two slave . they easily fall into conversation , inevitably , about they master . slave # 1 spoil he day , meeting you man ... he 's be avoid he all week . slave # 2 his ship have go too , we hear . ( continued ) 15 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 this be news to hector . hector when do you hear ? slave # 2 last night . nepos know . Pirates . they be sink , he reckon . that could finish he , eh? hector this be the worst it 's be . * slave # 1 you will be up for sale before you know it ! this make they laugh , hector less so than the other two . hector he 's finish ... you reckon ? the other two nod they head . slave # 1 yes ... at the bath ... I could tell ... they smell blood ... hector well ... if he would pull it off he would be in Rome by now ... slave # 1 and you with he ... hector nod he head thoughtfully . hector and I with he ... half way home ... lucinnius and he friend stand and exchange they final word , unaware of the scrutiny they have be under , or so use to it that they be oblivious to it . hector and the slave hurry to gather up the seat and take they * position behind they master . the casualness of they conversation have go , and they resume the formality of they role . 25 ext . STREET - day 25 lucinnius be eager to talk , and toss he word over he shoulder to hector . ( continued ) 16 . 25 continued : 25 lucinnius he 's a true friend , probably the only one I have leave . hector obligingly trot a step or two closer to lucinnius to aid they conversation . hector will he lend you the money ? lucinnius he be honest about it . he say so , plain and simple . no. hector that 's a problem . lucinnius unburden himself . lucinnius and the ship have go ... do I tell you that ? hector have they ? lucinnius cyprian know already . he will want he money back too ... we can see the concentration on hector 's face as he concoct appropriate response . he have a tough occupation , be the alter ego to a ambitious loser in one of the most competitive and dangerous society ever to exist . and he have to carry the stool and the towel as well . lucinnius when we get home I want you to get some chicken ... and fetch hermas , the diviner . hector yes . 26 int . house - day 26 at home , we find lucinnius and hector with the diviner hermas . they be gather around a shrine in the large public room . the entrail of a chicken lie on a slab of marble . hermas prod they with a knife . he make much of the mystery of he craft , as if it be a skill beyond ordinary man . ( continued ) 17 . 26 continued : 26 the other two peer over he shoulder . suitably mysti - fied , lucinnius talk in a reverent low voice . lucinnius be my ship from Sicily still afloat ...? hermas tetchily stop he . hermas no , no ... offer the grain first ... sprinkle it on the altar ... lucinnius obey . hermas ... and we can not ask the god specific question like that ... it 's a gentle , probing enquiry ... general question ... but let 's see . he cut into the chicken liver and prod around the in - side . the other two wait in silence . hermas General answer ... no ... * lucinnius what do you mean ? hermas I mean , no . the liver say no ... lucinnius object . lucinnius do it again ... I want you to do it again ... be it the god ' will ... * that cyprian ... be well dispose * towards I ... in the future ? * hermas if you want to do it again , you need another chicken and another fifteen sesterce ... and I would like the first fifteen now please . hector look a lucinnius , who nod reluctantly . hector open he purse and count out the coin for hermas . 18. 27 int . house - night 27 hector be give lucinnius a soothing shoulder massage . lucinnius be still in a talk mood . his trouble will not allow he to relax . lucinnius cyprian loan I half a million to fit out this ship ... I be * finish . just when thing be go well ... I have plan for you too , hector ... in four or five year I be go to make you a free man ... and then in ten year * you would be a citizen ... you ... you * could have find you family ... bring they here ... everything ... hector smile ruefully . hector it sound good . lucinnius miss the irony in hector 's voice and enthuse about he own future generosity . lucinnius it do , do not it ! lucinnius be silent for a while as hector continue to * rub he shoulder . lucinnius I should not give up . I can not ... I will visit cyprian , first thing tomorrow ... before the other can get to he ... he 's get to see reason ... I can pay he back ... sometime . it 's the only chance we have , hector . should I do it ? hector you must . lucinnius you be right . I must . this burst of resolve have relaxed lucinnius . his tense muscle yield more to hector 's finger . thalia enter the room . she be a household slave , a nubian from Africa . she carry a light torch and move around the room lighting the wall lamp . lucinnius watch she . ( continued ) 19 . 27 continued : 27 lucinnius thalia , I think I need one of you massage . hector , you can * finish the lamp . hector do as he be tell . he take the torch from thalia and discreetly leave the room , hearing lucinnius as he close the door . lucinnius lower , thalia . 28 int . hector be room - night 28 late at night , hector be still awake . he rise from he bed and quietly move out of the room . he be careful not to disturb the sleep form lie all around he , some of they sprawle on the floor . he share he bed - room with at least eight other slave . privacy be a master 's privilege . 29 int . house - night 29 in the darken house , hector make he way up some stair and along a passage . the only sound be a crack or two of far- away thunder . at the end of the passage , hector find a small ladder propped against the wall . he climb this , and lift open the trap door above he head . 30 ext . roof - night 30 odd flash of lightning far out to sea be the only source of light as hector move across the flat roof . in one corner he see what he be look for , the outline of a figure rest against the low parapet wall . he move towards it . the figure speak . figure I miss you last night . it be thalia . we can tell that they be close . hector sit down beside she . hector he keep I work until morning . thalia what 's happen ? ( continued ) 20 . 30 continued : 30 hector he have no money and a lot of enemy . if he 's very clever he will survive ... but the omen be bad ... and he 's not very clever . thalia she do not like he . hector nobody do . he 's unfortunate . you get people like that . clumsy and sad . thalia look out towards the sea . thalia why do the thunder always stay out on the ocean ? hector put a arm around thalia . at first it feel * strange , they physical intimacy alongside they matter - of - fact conversation , but gradually we understand it , the give and take of comfort where it can be find , and the realness of they friendship . they stroking and touch and hold become good to watch . we get a feel for what they have give one another , in steal hour and half hour , up here on the roof , the only place where they can be themselves . hector it 's the god argue . they be work out what to do with lucinnius ... he will be lie awake down there ... wonder what they be say about he . they laugh . Far away some street dog bark . hector if he go down I will ask for my freedom ... he owe it to I ... he say as much ... you too ... we could be free ... thalia then what ? hector what we talk about . by now he be kissing she . ( continued ) 21 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 thalia we talk about go home . your be that way and mine be that way ... you family be that way . hector I just make that up ... I do not * know which way they be ... anyway * ... you can not think like that . * not after so many year ... * thalia it 's what you talk about . hector we talk about it because it can * never happen . what we do be you * and I ... thalia I do not understand . I think you will leave . you be go to leave I here . hector never . it 's you and I now . that 's all . thalia well . we stay here . he will survive . * hector be silent , still kissing she . he yawn as he * speak . hector then I can see you every night . I be tired . 31 int . hector be room - night 31 hector be back in he bed . a figure enter the room , step over the sleep body on the floor and shake he awake . hector come to . lucinnius stand over he , whisper . lucinnius I can not sleep . get I a chicken . I want to make another sacrifice . we will do it ourselves . hector wearily take himself out of bed and follow lucinnius out of the room . 22 . * 32 int . henhouse - night 32 hector be in the henhouse , in the dark , select a chicken for sacrifice . he be about to leave when he see a man and woman , arm around each other , sit in a corner . the man look at the white hen hector be hold . man can not you find a woman , hector ... hector smile . he be not surprised to see they . they be only do what he and thalia do on the roof . the slave have they meeting place scattered all over the house . hector sorry to trouble you ... just fetching a chicken ... good night ... the roof 's free ... the man shake he head with a smile . hector leave , the sleepy chicken go to meet she fate in he arm . hector come on , miss , you can tell lucinnius he future . 33 ext . STREET - morning 33 hector and lucinnius be approach the home of cyprian . hector as usual be walk some pace behind he master , and he carry a large satchel of document . cyprian 's home be a street palace . it be early in the morning , but there be already activity around the house , visitor come and go , messenger , petitioner . a few impor - tant caller arrive in litter , carry by slave . lucinnius and hector even have to join a line at the door and be check in by the gateman . lucinnius 's hope of quietly bend cyprian 's ear be dash . it seem as if the whole world owe allegiance to this provincial Mr. Big . 34 ext . courtyard - morning 34 the slave gather on one side of the courtyard , gossipe and play game of chance on the ground . they master wait on the other side of the courtyard , seat on bench along the wall . cyprian 's aide usher the visitor into he presence in a regular flow , some have a audience of a few minute , other last merely second . hector keep a eye on lucinnius , like a mother watch she child from a distance on its first day at school . ( continued ) 23. 34 continued : 34 lucinnius , sit expectantly in line , do look a little pathetic , even ridiculous . straight - back , hand on knee , alert , worried , he look a bit like a sacri- ficial offer himself . hector play a game of five - stone with some other slave as he watch lucinnius shuffle up the bench place by place to the front of the line . we almost expect hector to give he a little wave of encouragement as he be finally summon into the inner office . hector wait . the first sign seem good . lucinnius do not emerge within the first minute . cyprian be at least give he the time of day . more minute pass . hector watch a game of handball while keep a eye on the office door . one or two other , familiar to we from the bathhouse , go into the office . so do lucinnius ' friend Julian . eventually lucinnius emerge into the sunlight , a broad smile on he face . hector relax and leave the ball game to join he . hector you look happier . lucinnius relieved anyway ... relieved that it 's over at last . lucinnius stride out of the courtyard with hector follow after he . 35 ext . street - day 35 lucinnius and hector be walk home in they usual formation . hector be closer than normal , so that they can talk . hector will he help you ? lucinnius I have to kill myself by tomorrow morning . he have all my letter to titinius , none of they get through . he say it 's like treason ... and he say I should want to die for owe he half a million anyway ... hector be shocked . hector what if you do not ... ( continued ) 24 . 35 continued : 35 lucinnius then he will ... and that would not be pleasant ... he would drag I to Rome ... that letter ... lucinnius shiver to think of they . lucinnius I be do for , hector ... but it 's strange ... I feel kind of good about it ... the struggle be over ... we have see it through together , eh? hector I do not know what to say . lucinnius let 's get home . we have a lot to do . lucinnius quicken he pace . lucinnius tonight ... peace at last ... lucinnius be obviously in a state of shock . 36 int . house - day 36 hector and lucinnius be in he study . lucinnius be busy clear up he papers . he be less hysterical than in the previous scene , more aware of the reality of what he have to do . lucinnius we will do it with a knife , hector . when everyone have go to bed . the two of we , to the end ... hector I do not understand . what do you want I to do ... I do not think I can help you ... lucinnius we will help each other , hector . we must . we have be through this whole mess together ... we must die together . ( continued ) 25 . 36 continued : 36 hector I do not know what you mean . what mess ? * lucinnius you do not understand do you ? I be ask you to die with I ... you be my close , my dearest slave ... what would they say about I if you refuse to die with I ? this be honor ... we be choose * death ... we be not go to submit to the humiliation that cyprian can heap on we , be we ? hector you say we ... I do not know ... what be we ? I have do nothing ... I * know nothing ... lucinnius change he tone , become more , in he own mind , frank , man-to - man . lucinnius hector ... at cyprian 's this morning ... I have to sign certain papers ... tell a bit of a story ... * hector what kind of story ? lucinnius a confession . that we be plotting against cyprian and the provincial senate ... we be short of name ... most of the people I know be in the room ... people I think be my friend ... so I mention you ... I have to ... hector be stunne with shock ... hector so I be a conspirator ? lucinnius yes . so you see , I do not want you to die with I just because of my honor ... it 's more complicated ... I be sorry , hector . I would be honore ... if you would die with I ... I mean it ... hector manage to speak . ( continued ) 26 . * 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 hector can I sit down ? lucinnius of course . hector this be the worst it 's be . 37 ext . courtyard - day 37 hector be in the inner courtyard of the house , beside the kitchen . he be talk to gallus , who be lucinnius 's ten-year - old son . hector have a close friendship with he . as we listen to they conversation it become clear that hector find comfort in the boy , for the family that he lose . today there be a air of distraction about hector . understandable , consider he schedule death . the kitchen slave come and go as they talk . hector but even if it 's round you can still fall off the edge . hector have pick up a large metal plate to help he make he point . gallus no ... it 's not round like that ... it 's round like this . gallus see he playball . he pick it up . hector do you believe everything that Greek tell you ...? gallus ignore this tease , intent on the ball . gallus Rome must be right in the middle ... here ... and we must be out here somewhere ... hector become more interested . ( continued ) 27 . 37 continued : 37 hector so , where be my home ? gallus how many month do they march you here ? hector Seven . gallus walk out the distance from Rome with he finger , * as if there be serious calculation . * gallus it must be about here . * his finger stop on the other side of the ball . gallus but then you would be upside down ... hector I be not upside down ... and how * could you see the sun round there ... I see the sun at home ... every day ... gallus be stump for answer . * gallus I will ask he tomorrow ... * hector remember that he and the boy 's father be * suppose to die that night . he look on gallus with a * new tenderness . hector yes , tell I tomorrow ... I would like to know ... because my child be round there and I want to know that they be get the sun ... ask he something else , too ... where be the god if the whole thing be round ? gallus I think I know that ... they be out here , and all around ... that 's how they can look down and see everything ... 38 int . altar - night 38 lucinnius be at it again . in the lamplight , a live chicken stand on the altar . ( continued ) 28 . 38 continued : 38 hector and lucinnius watch it as if they life depend on it . perhaps they do . lucinnius if he eat the grain it mean yes . he scatter some grain on the table . the chicken at once begin to peck they up . hector it 's say yes ... there 's a way ... lucinnius no , it 's say yes , we should die . hector but you ask it if we have to die , or if there be another way ... it 's say yes , there be ... lucinnius no , it 's say yes , we should die . the bird be certainly enjoy he food . hector maybe it 's just hungry ... the chicken be inscrutable , as they be prone to be . 39 int . dine room - night 39 a dead chicken adorn lucinnius 's table . he and he wife , dalmia , and they son be lie on they couch pick at the food with they finger . lucinnius be drink more wine than usual . hector and the other household slave be in attendance . thalia be also there , serve she mistress . dalmia know something be up , but she do not know what . she attempt to break the silence . she call on the cook from the kitchen . dalmia solus ! the kitchen slave quickly appear . dalmia solus ... I be eat chicken again . I eat chicken yesterday and the day before ... will I be eat chicken again tomorrow ? why be I always eat chicken ? ( continued ) 29 . 39 continued : 39 solus look up at lucinnius and hector , but they offer he no help . solus it 's what we have to hand in the kitchen , mar 'am ... I always try to use the fresh stuff ... the chicken have just be turn up ... he look again at lucinnius and hector . they look at each other . thalia look at hector . dalmia look at they all look at each other , more intrigue than she be before . a slave interrupt they . slave two man have come to see you . from cyprian . lucinnius and hector look at each other and share a moment of hope . they might be come with good news , perhaps a soften of cyprian 's heart . 40 int . reception room - night 40 the two visitors that await lucinnius and hector be a unpromising sight . they be big man , unsophisticate and look uncomfortable in they well - cut togas . a couple of the godfather 's foot soldier . they greet lucinnius deferentially , but he know that they would break he back at the whim of they master . visitor good evening , lucinnius . cyprian ask we if we could be of any * assistance ... in the business that you have to conduct tonight ... to make that business as ... * comfortable ... as you could wish ... lucinnius sigh , as he last hope expire . lucinnius thank you , gentleman ... but I feel that I will be capable of take care of my affair tonight without you help ... thank cyprian for he kind think ... the heavies metaphorically keep they foot in the door . ( continued ) 30 . 40 continued : 40 visitor we be spend the night at the house of nepos , not far from here . do not hesitate to send you man for we ... at any time ... we be anxious that thing should go well for you . lucinnius thank you . good night . visitor we will call in the morning at any rate ... just to make sure . lucinnius thank you . hector be close the door when one of the Visitors talk roughly to he . visitor you . come here . hector instinctively look to he master . lucinnius do not protest , but retreat into the house . hector be leave alone with the Visitors . visitor he look like the kind that will want some help . have you ever kill before ? hector only chicken . visitor he 's not much different . use a thin blade , but long . get it in deep ... the heart ... feel for a space between the rib ... he prod at hector 's body freely , show he what to do . if it be ticklish , hector do not let on . visitor ... or go in from the back ... any place he will let you ... we leave hector nodd obediently as this weirdest of coach lesson continue . visitor get it out 's not as easy as you might think ... you have to twist a bit ... to get over the stickiness ... 31 . 41 int . study - night 41 late at night in lucinnius 's study , a oil lamp and a candle cast they shadowy light , add to the tension in the room . hector stand beside lucinnius , who be count out coin and other valuable on he table . lucinnius eight hundred sesterce ... cash ... that 's all that 's leave ... what a failure ... my father leave I three farm and forty thousand ... lucinnius place the money in a box on he table . he be quite drunk , resign now to he fate . hector however be cold sober , grim -face . lucinnius look up at he . lucinnius nothing else to be do . do not you want some wine ? hector no ... but I want something ... lucinnius what be it ? hector I want to die a free man ... I do not want to die a slave ... lucinnius look at he grimly and manage a smile . he * clear he throat and attempt to put a note of ceremony into he voice . lucinnius hector , by this proclamation , I make you a freed man ... I do not know the exact word ... I have never do it before ... but you be free , hector . * hector in write ... so that when they find I ... they know I die a free man ... please ... lucinnius look at he for a moment , then reach out for he paper and pen . lucinnius very well ... he scratch out a few word on the paper , hector look over he shoulder , keenly watch what he write . lucinnius finish write and lay down the pen . ( continued ) 32 . 41 continued : 41 lucinnius they will find it in the morning . it 's a nice think , hector ... you be right to ask . hector thank you . lucinnius well ... freed man , let 's do it . * lucinnius pick up a large kitchen knife which lie on the table . he finger its blade . * a trickle of fear pass across hector 's face . will the half - drunk lucinnius want to kill he first ? hector what do you want I to do ? lucinnius nothing ... I mean , not to I ... I have to do it first ... you understand that ... and then you ... if I do not succeed ... then you must help I ... hector I understand . lucinnius no point in mess up the room . let 's go downstairs . lucinnius stand and leave the room . hector follow with the oil lamp . 42 int . passage - night 42 the house be quiet and in darkness as they walk along the passage and down the stair to the wash room . hector walk behind , casting the light on lucinnius 's crumpled , defeat form . lucinnius begin to sob , at first quietly , then more loudly and more pathetically . hector look around and behind he , afraid , or perhaps hope , that lucinnius 's moan will wake the household . 43 int . wash room - night 43 lucinnius have work himself into a dramatic state of distress , with drink and terror and self pity . ( continued ) 33 . * 43 continued : 43 he run into the tile wash room , wail loudly and make a stabbing motion at he stomach . hector see all of this from behind as he enter the room . lucinnius crumple to the floor and squat on he knee . he call out in pain . lucinnius oh , that hurt , that sting ! lucinnius sit back on the step of the wash pool , hold he stomach . hector sit down beside he . they both look down at the blade , still in lucinnius ' body . lucinnius this be hopeless . they sit absurdly like this for a long moment , neither of they know what do do next . it 's awkward , like in a wait room . then lucinnius speak . lucinnius help I , hector ... hector you have do it ... you have do it ... lie down ... hector speak gently , like coax a frighten animal . he help lucinnius lie out on the marble floor . hector Close you eye ... you do it ... lucinnius thank you , thank you . the movement have increase the spread of blood over lucinnius ' clothing . he raise he head . lucinnius you do it now , hector ... hurry ... hector lie still ... lie still ... lucinnius do it hector ... do it ... you promise ... it look as if hector be play for time . hector shush ... I will need the knife ... ( continued ) 34 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 lucinnius take it ... do it ... lucinnius ' voice be fade now . hector wait , then reach down for the knife in lucinnius ' stomach . we see on he face the effort as he pull at it , and do we detect a subtle twist of the blade to speed lucinnius on he way ? lucinnius sigh and twitches a little . it 's as if the life flow out of he as the knife be release from the wound . his voice be even more faint . lucinnius do it , hector ... do it ... do it ... hector have the knife in he hand , but still he wait , look at lucinnius , willing the last dregs of life from he . lucinnius do it ... do it ... do it ... the whisper fade to a croak . lucinnius lie still . hector have win this final battle of will . he stand up , suddenly repulse by what have happen . but quickly he gather he wit . he make he decision . he throw the knife down . it clatter along the hard shiny floor . hector have run out of the room before it have come to rest against the wall . 44 int . study - night 44 hector run into the study and make for the box contain - ing the coin . he put most of they into a leather money bag and tie it to he waist . then he pull on lucinnius 's cloak and rush out of the room . he return quickly to pick up he certificate of freedom from the table . then just as he be leave , he again stop , sit down on the chair , pull off he wear shoe and place on he foot a pair of lucinnius 's stout street sandal . 45 ext . courtyard - night 45 hector be walk quickly from the kitchen across the courtyard to the street gate . near the gate he stop and look back at the house . he make a decision and retrace he step across the courtyard and back into the house . 46 int . thalia' room - night 46 thalia be sleep in a large pallet bed on the floor with two other woman . hector gently shake she shoulder , try not to wake the other . after a moment or two thalia open she eye . ( continued ) 35 . 46 continued : 46 hector whisper to she before she have time to open she mouth . hector I be leave ... come now if you want to ... but we must hurry ... I be a free man ... I be free . will you come ? 47 ext . harbor - night 47 the shadowy cloak figure make they way down to the * harbor be hector and thalia . * nearer the harbor we sense the nighttime work of load and prepare ship for the morning tide . by the light of oil lamp cargo be manhandle aboard , voice shout , winch creak . hector encounter a night watchman , but divert he suspicion by boldly address he . hector I have some mail for tyre ... where be the east - bound ship ? watchman ask at the harbor . * with a authoritative nod , hector stride off in the direction of the noise and light , thalia at he heel . hector talk when the watchman be out of earshot . hector we want a timber ship ... they go west ... straight to Rome ... thalia and then ? then you go home ? * hector hurry on , noncommittal in he reply . hector you can go to anywhere from Rome . 48 ext . quay - night 48 hector and thalia approach a ship heavily laden with timber . final supplies be be carry aboard , super - vise by two man on the quay . hector approach they . hector where be the Captain ? ( continued ) 36 . 48 continued : 48 crewman he 's on the ship . he indicate a man stand on the rear deck . hector and thalia climb up the gangplank and approach he . hector good morning , Captain ... I be look for passage to Rome , for both of we ... captain and who might you be ? hector I be the steward of lucinnius the merchant ... we have business in Rome ... I need a immediate passage ... captain it 's five or six day ... to * brundisium ... you can walk or ride from there ... you have money ? hector of course . * captain well , let 's see ... passage for two ... food for two ... six day ... what be you think of offer ? hector when do you leave ? captain anxious to leave , be you ? hector keen to start , yes . 49 int . ship - day 49 hector and thalia be asleep , huddle together in a cor - ner of the ship that they have claim as they quarter . a crewman come and shake hector awake . he stir himself to the sound of a ship underway , the sound of the sea - wash , the wind in the canvas , the moan of the timber . crewman Captain say to come on deck . hector wake thalia and they clamber out of the darkness of the hold onto the brightest , freshest of day at sea . 37 . 50 ext . ship - day 50 there be no sign of land behind they . the ship be move swiftly in a strong , clean breeze and a light sea . we can tell from thalia 's reaction that she have never be out at sea before , at least never above deck . every - thing be novel to she and it show , even the movement of * the ship . her excitement be childlike . thalia where 's the land go ? * hector , too , be take by the novelty of it all but be less prepare to admit it . he wave he hand around the empty horizon noncommittally . thalia have you be on a ship before ? hector yes , of course . we can tell he be lie . thalia I , too , but they keep we down there . she point down into the lower depth of the hold . then she get even more excited . thalia tonight ... we will be where the thunder be ! they look at each other and then all around they . the freshness of the day and on a overwhelming feel of freedom , exhilarate they . they sense and they feeling , be in new territory . they be like child in a brand - new world . the Captain on the other side of the ship , beckon they . * captain think you would like to see they . he point to three shape in the mid-distance , ship head for the port they have leave . there be a thrill * in they glamor , they fine progress under full sail . captain you master 's ship ... go home ... * ( continued ) 38 . 50 continued : 50 hector no ... they can not be ... they be lose ... captain no they be not ... I know this ship ... my brother - in- law 's the master of the big one with the brown sail ... hector and thalia look at each other . the Captain smile at they and look back to the ship , coursing healthily on they way . captain somebody be put the wind up lucinnius ? that 's a old one ... do not think anybody would fall for that ... 51 ext . ship - day 51 later , the ship be still make brisk progress . thalia and hector be sit on deck , some distance from one another . they be quieter now , more thoughtful . hector * catch she eye . hector be draw by she smile and move * to join she . they sit quietly , absorb in think , thought of each other , they look and smile tell we that . as if they be talk without word . hector look around he . a sailor on the forward deck be sorting out some rope , a echo of a previous time and * place . the wind catch the sailor 's hat . he grab it from the air and spend time arrange it once more on he head , just so . a tiny human moment . * 52 ext . wagon - day 52 a man be drive a heavy two -horse wagon . the wind have just lift he hat from he head . he spend some time replace it carefully , just so . watch he from the back of the wagon be hector . the drama of the life of thalia and hector have play itself out long ago . between the breath of sea breeze that lift the hat of the Roman sailor and the gust of mountain wind that snatch the hat of the wagoner , lie 1400 year . * hector sit in the wagon beside a woman . there be tantalize similarity between they situation and the * one we leave thalia and hector in on the boat a few moment ago , 1400 year ago . ( continued ) 39 . 52 continued : 52 the woman and hector exchange glance now and then , delicate signal of mutual awareness . talk without word . they be not alone in the wagon , perch on its half load of timber . with they be a nun accompany a girl of about eight . the girl be tearful . a man , he face unseen , be snore underneath he hat . a young man , gaunt and hungry - look , be dress in the rough travel clothes of a monk or priest . even without he habit we would know he be a holy man . his incessant talk tell we . priest we want to praise God because we live in this ultimate age , when all thing be do , all be know , all the wonder of he creation reveal to we ... nothing more for man to see or do ... all that be leave be the hope of salvation ... even for we humbler sister ... the girl be sobbing through all of this . priest yes weep , child , weep for joy ... you be a glorious example to we all ... already a child of God 's ... bless to spend you earthly day within he church as Christ 's servant ... what generous parent you have ... give you to the sister ... what a sacrifice . * there be a irish lilt to he voice which color what * he be say with a tinge of mischief . he be a difficult fellow to pin down . hector look at he amusedly , still * share he thought silently with the woman , beatrice . the nun interrupt the Priest cheerfully . nun she 's already receive the last rite , before she leave she family . she belong to God now ... do not you ? * the child sob more noisily . * priest fortunate child , destine for paradise . untouch by the abide curse of carnal lust . I struggle against it ... ( more ) ( continued ) 40 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 priest ( cont 'd ) I will not join myself carnally with any woman ... he look accusingly at beatrice . * priest ... I will carry my unspilt seed from this world to the next ... as should every man ... now hector be get the hard look from the Priest . priest ... if all man forsook forever the fleshy temptation ... and hold womankind to barrenness ... think how much the sooner would come the day of judgement ... all God 's choose gather in paradise ... I have * write a small treatise in favor * of virginity , sister . we could * discuss it later if you like ... * the driver of the wagon turn he head briefly to the Priest . driver what be you talk about ? hector gesture to beatrice that he be leave the wagon to walk for a while and ask she to join he . she shake she head with a smile . hector smile , too , then jump down from the wagon and , walk slowly , allow it to gain ground in front of he . the rambling of the Priest fade away . priest it 's simple , brother ... if we cease carnal union entirely then in fifty or so year we will all be rid of we earthly life and God can proceed with his reign over his heavenly kingdom ... that same paradise that God give to man before , but which man be so unfit to inhabit that within seven hour Eve be already tempting she master and mate , and within nine hour the Lord have to expel the both of they ! just think , they * mess it up in nine hour ! * 41 . 53 ext . mountain track - day 53 hector smile as the Priest 's voice fade into the dis - tance . it be a cold fresh day of early summer . they be * travel high in the mountain . hector dawdle on he way , eat a hard biscuit he take from he pocket . the last sound he hear from the wagon be the renew wailing of the girl . hector lay himself down at the * side of the road . his eye begin to close . then a SOUND in the distance make he open they again . he listen . more sound drift up to he from the floor of the valley . he stand up and cross the track . at first he can see nothing . he walk back along the rim of the road . then he see where the noise be come from . a mount skirmish be in progress , just where a wooden bridge cross the small river , at the very bottom of the valley . there be no more than 30 knight in full armor , with twice as many foot soldier and squire . even from such a distance hector can see and hear that the fight be ferocious , almost insane in its intensity . from this distance it be like a puppet show , except the violence be real . the scene place hector in he time and for we there be a strange feel to it , almost as if hector have awoken from sleep and find himself transport to some distant age . but this be not the case . hector be where he belong , in medieval Europe . hector make he decision . with a last look behind he * he run off in the direction of the wagon . like any wise citizen of a violent age , hector know when to leg it . 54 ext . wagon - day 54 hector catch up with the move wagon and jump onto it , happily back in the security of he fellow * traveller . he smile at beatrice . * hector a bit cold ... walk ... she smile at he . he sit opposite she in the wagon , and allow he foot to touch hers . she do not move away . hector call to the Driver . hector how long to get there ? driver when it get dark , we will be there . * hector look at beatrice . ( continued ) 42 . 54 continued : 54 hector I think I hear fight ... back there ... beatrice reply , but in a language that hector do not understand . beatrice I do not know what you be say ... I have not understand anything you have say all day ... hector talk back to she . hector I do not know what you be say ... they both smile . it do not seem to disturb they too much that they do not share a language . they repeat * they incomprehensible statement , just for the fun of it . beatrice I do not know what you be say . hector I do not understand . beside hector the girl have stop sobbing but she be still troubled . she turn to he and speak quietly but with determination . girl I want to go home to my mother . hector do not know how to respond . he can do nothing * to help she , and anyway , be more interested in beatrice . * 55 ext . farmyard - night 55 it be almost dark when the wagon finally turn into the yard of the farm where they will spend the night . 56 int . farmhouse - night 56 the Farmer and he wife have laid out a table with simple food , a stew , bread and wine . the traveller settle down to eat . the Priest , however make a performance out of he more modest need . he call loudly to the wife work at the open fire . ( continued ) 43. 56 continued : 56 priest just bread and water for I , mistress . I have no need of wine or meat . she bring he a jug of water and he make much of give thanks to God for he simple meal , mutter he grace quietly to himself , exclude all other from he conver - sation with the almighty . 57 int . farmhouse - night 57 in the dark , sleep body lie all over the floor of a upstairs room . Gentle snore and regular breathe lay a blanket of soft sound over the human form . one of the form stir and sit up on one elbow . hector , in another corner of the room , sleep lightly , become aware of this . he watch as the figure stand up and pick its way between the body to the door . the figure pause and crouch over beatrice . hector can hear the distinct sound of the figure sniff she , from head to toe , and then a deep , long sigh . the figure stand up and move quietly to the door , disappear downstairs . hector rouse himself and follow the other . 58 int . farmhouse - night 58 hector creep cautiously into the dark kitchen . the * figure have go to the pantry and can be hear rummaging there . hector creep closer and see that it be the Priest . he already have a chicken leg between he tooth as he hunt for a cup for the jar of wine tuck under he arm . he emerge from the pantry . he see hector stand by the table . they recognize one another and relax . the Priest do not re-enter he holy act . he speak normally , cheekily . priest God , I be starve . do you think I dare heat that up on the fire ? he indicate the large pot contain the remain of the stew . priest no ... I will eat it cold ... I deserve to suffer . he pour some wine into the cup and slide it across the table to hector . ( continued ) 44 . 58 continued : 58 then he dig he hand into the cold stew and eat chunks of meat as they talk . priest have some wine . hector take a drink . hector I see some fight today ... back up the road ... priest so , the mad knight be at it again ... what be they , swiss or English ? hector I do not know . they all look the same to I . priest it might help we get through ... if there 's a bit of confusion ... we will still travel separately though , for now . the Priest change he tone of voice , mock he own holy act . priest but , hector , you must keep out of the way of temptation ... I see the way you be eyeing up that widow ... now stay away from that ... although she be beautiful , be she not ... but we be go home , remember . hector be smile . hector how do you know she 's a widow ? priest look at she eye ... hungry eye ... she could lead you into trouble ... she smell like paradise , though . he change he tone yet again . he talk straight . ( continued ) 45 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 priest listen , hector , let 's get this clear ... if anyone 's go to dally with that widow it will be I ... you could not handle she ... she would bewitch you ... at any rate , you be not a sinning kind of fellow , be you ... why do not you get off up the road tomorrow , and I will catch you up , in five or so day ... hector do not answer , but smile . the Priest have stir thought that he have intend to dampen entirely . priest you be not a sinning fellow , remember ... another month and we will be at the channel , then home ... the little one you only talk about when you be drunk ... do not forget they ... hector still remain silent . the Priest be worried . priest why do I always talk so much ... you be not even think of she ' till I open my mouth ... but I trust you ... do not worry . I know you would not do anything to anger you God , or I . get I some bread . hector obey the Priest without think . the Priest be * happier now that he be in control again . priest who save you neck in Venice ? hector you do , Ronald . hector approach the Priest with the bread . priest and do not you forget it . he raise he cup to hector . priest May the Lord forgive we we sin , that we have commit and that we as yet only dream of . she 's a glory of a woman . ( continued ) 46 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 for all he wit and endless talk we can sense a trace of vulnerabililty in Ronald . for all he bluster , there be the feel that he need hector as much as he claim hector need he . 59 ext . farmyard - day 59 overnight , the remnant of a company of soldier , fresh * from battle , have collect in the courtyard . some be tired , dispirite , other be wounded . we traveller * watch from the farm window . a few mount knight come into the yard , herding in front of they a small group of prisoner , well - dress knight and squire . 60 int . farmhouse - day 60 the traveller look out on the exciting scene , and talk as they eat they breakfast of bread and milk . pedlar hostages , too , they have get ... they only take the rich one ... he turn to the forlorn girl . pedlar have you ever see so many fine , rich man , my girl ? hector talk to the company , but mean he word for the Priest . hector I will not be travel today . the Priest look he straight in the eye . priest the fight 's behind we , brother ... you will be safe enough . hector shake he head , catch beatrice 's eye . hector I will stay . priest you should go . the nun put a arm around the girl . ( continued ) 47 . 60 continued : 60 nun we be go . God will protect he ewe lamb . * suddenly the door be throw open and four soldier man - handle a inert body , dress in full armor , into the room . they scatter the food from the table and lay out the moaning suit of armor on it . a young squire follow they in and kneel by the knight in the suit . the moan be muffled because the knight 's helmet have be batter out of shape in the battle and can not be remove . the ugly dent suggest a equally ugly wound inflicted on the head inside . the Soldiers gingerly try to remove the helmet . they effort be useless . blood ooze from the joint of the helmet . the moaning suit of armor seem inhuman , robot-like . soldier must be sore in there . be it you dada ? the squire look at he and nod he head . hector look * with sympathy at the boy . * soldier # 2 if he 's get a little head it might be alright . have you dada get a big head ? a officer come into the room . officer be there a blacksmith here ? where 's the smith ? farm woman in the village , sir , half a day away . the Officer look at the moan suit of armor , then at the astonished group of traveller . he pick on the Priest . officer you , Priest , come here ... get to work on he ... he 's not ready for heaven yet ... there 's a hundred thousand livre on he head if I get he to Paris alive ... start * praying ... there 's fifteen livre in it for you if he life ... the Priest obediently go up to the knight and start to pray earnestly . the Officer turn to the Soldiers . ( continued ) 48 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 officer get that helmet off ... get hammer , anything you can find ... * and one of you get back down into the valley and fetch a armorer . the Soldiers scatter to carry out they order . hector * take time to watch the squire still kneel beside he * father , quietly stroking the helmet . Ronald the Priest mutter every prayer he can remember . the suit of armor twitches and moan . hector look at beatrice and motion for she to follow he outside . the Priest look on helplessly as they slide past the table and head for the door . 61 ext . farm - day 61 more soldier have continue to make they way to the shelter of the farm . everywhere be the chaos of war . wound man lie await the attention of either the medico or the priest . prisoner huddle in cow group . everyone look for food . individual soldier , like lose soul , run here and there try to regroup with they comrade . the youngest be squire of twelve or thir - teen , the oldest be red-face , overweight knight in expensive armor . hector and beatrice have find a quiet corner where they can sit and talk . behind they be a group of soldier , reserve who have not yet join the battle . they be much fresher than the rest and be drilling as a disci - pline unit . they movement be a strange cross between parade ground drill and battle training . to the beat of drum they perform rhythmic , hypnotic movement , repeat the same pattern over and over again . a deadly dance , thrust they pike in unison . they become like one evil , inhuman machine . it be mesmerize to watch , all the * more so in relation to the coy seduction scene that hector and beatrice be act out . they have the problem of not share a language , but , resourceful as lover be , they soon employ this as another titillate element in they love- play . hector I think you know what I be say ... a little ... ( continued ) 49 . 61 continued : 61 beatrice no , I do not , I do not understand a word . hector how come you do not speak like anyone else ? be you far from home ? Home ? where you sleep and live ? beatrice I think I know what you mean ... home . hector I be far from home , too ... way , way * over there ... then across the sea ... beatrice you be lose I again . hector have you ever see the sea ? Water * everywhere ... right to the end of the world ... I come from the other side of the little water , then * there 's the big , big water ... I * have a friend who sail on that ... * go too far ... fall right over * the edge ... into nothing . they never come back ... they fall off the world ... hector smile , pleased with himself . beatrice laugh . hector you think that 's funny ? it 's true ... it 's a sad story ... you should not laugh . beatrice talk about home again ... remember * you say home ? hector I be not make sense , be I ? well , let 's go back to home . that 's where I be go ... I have be away for too long ... some people lock I up ... I have to run away . * beatrice tell I something else . * ( continued ) 50 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 hector we have to learn to talk the same ... try it like I , say it ... home ... beatrice I know what you be say ... you be say home ... say something else . hector Home ... home ... try it ... home ... beatrice you want the word for home ? it 's home ... say it ... home ... home ... hector I do not want you word for home , I want you to say mine ... home ... home ... beatrice come on , you can do it ... home ... home ... beatrice have she way , turn the table on hector . he say it in she language . hector Home ... home ... beatrice smile . in this tiny victory the dynamic of they relationship be set . beatrice that 's it ... clever boy ! they fall silent , suddenly shy . beatrice break this * moment by reach out to hector 's neck , very delicately , like a caress . hector smile . there first touch . then * it change . beatrice complete she movement with a sharp grab at hector 's hair , and pinch she finger on something . triumphantly she show he the flea she have catch . beatrice tick ... it 's a tick . hector flea ... a flea ... thanks . beatrice look at he directly now , they intimacy well under way . ( continued ) 51 . 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 beatrice Bet there 's more in there . you need a good go over ... nobody 's be look after you . she ruffle he hair , in a motherly but then again sex - * ually provocative way . he understand she well now . hector why do not we go somewhere and have a good session ... I could do you ... I would like to give you a good groom ... they understand each other perfectly now . they look around for a more private spot . 62 int . farm - day 62 Ronald the Priest still kneel by the inert knight in armor . the boy squire still sit by he father 's head . Ronald mumble quietly to himself in prayer . the knight be deathly still , no sight or sound of breathe or moan . the suit of armor seem to grow even more rigid as we look at it . there be no sense of it contain life . the Officer re-enter the room from outside . officer how be he ? priest sleep now ... at peace , for the moment . officer leave he for a while . there be * a few soul out here you can help on they way to heaven . ten sous * a soul to you ... come on . the Officer leave . Ronald quickly follow he outside . * ronald * twenty sous be normal . how many * be there ? * when they have go the squire give he father a nudge , * but there be no response from the knight , just the impression of lifeless bulk . 52 . 63 ext . farm - day 63 hector and beatrice have find some privacy , near the tree and by a low wall . some bush hide they from full view of the farm yard . hector be sit cross - legge and beatrice kneel behind he , give he head a thorough go over . mutual groom be the original , and perhaps the best , form of foreplay . hector certainly like it . beatrice that 's four . hector yes , it do feel good . she give he scalp a final delicious rub , and then stop . beatrice you can do I now . beatrice loosen she clothing to bare she neck and shoulder . hector begin to probe she hair and scalp . * she arch she back under the first touch of he finger . hector lap it up , inspire to caress ever more tenderly * she scalp and neck , still with the outward purpose of look for fleas . hector get one ... a tiny little one ... yours be so small ... and fair ... * to hector even she fleas be a delight . he seem to want * to keep it as a pet . there be no hope for this man . * beatrice moan softly , happily . hector still knead * she scalp . hector I do not know you name . I be hector ... who be you ? I be hector . beatrice reply with a hint of breathlessness . beatrice hector ... yes ... I be beatrice ... hector beatrice . beatrice yes. hector ... I think you will have to do under my arm ... I be a little itchy there ... ( continued ) 53. 63 continued : 63 hector yes , I think beatrice be a good name . * beatrice be sighing contentedly now . beatrice maybe we should find the river , and have a proper wash ... in between parting the hair on she scalp hector be kiss - ing she on the neck now . at first it be small , snatch kiss amongst the groom , but soon the kiss become longer and the groom less . beatrice I be still itchy lot of place , hector . 64 ext . farmyard - day 64 the Priest be with some seriously wounded soldier , laid out in a corner of the farmyard . whether he be a bogus priest or not , Ronald be take he duty seriously . there be a little of the rogue about he now . he see the nun and the little girl prepare to leave . they have acquire a mule . they mount up , the girl behind the nun , and plod off through the farmyard . they stop briefly beside the Priest to say they farewell . priest Goodbye , little girl ... the Lord will bless you , I know , in he house . he talk to the nun as they move off . priest how long for you on the road ? nun Three or four day . priest good luck to you . nun they be not kill nun , yet . priest the saxon , will not he go with you ? ( continued ) 54 . * 64 continued : 64 nun he 's nowhere to be see . the Priest watch they go , and then return to he duty with the wounded . 65 ext . track - day 65 the nun 's mule turn out of the farmyard and head off along the track . a few Soldiers be bury some of they dead nearby . the nun watch this and do not see what the girl see on the other side , the mingle body of hector and beatrice , all pretence at groom now go , engage in fervent lovemake . it 's probably the first and last that the girl will see . a smile flicker across she face before she turn away forever . ahead of she there might be many a bleak night in she convent when she will remember the image , and that same smile will return to she lip . 66 ext . farmyard - day 66 the Priest be kneel beside a young wounded soldier . he be close to death , but in he youth be fight it . he be frighten , and cling to the presence of Ronald . soldier my name be Peter ... do not forget ... tell everybody that be my name ... Peter ... Ronald be mumble he prayer . priest lie still , Peter ... soldier that 's it , Peter ... tell everybody ... write it ... do not forget it ... Peter ... tell they Peter die here ... my name be Peter ... Peter ... say it again . Ronald stay with the boy as he struggle against he own annihilation . priest Peter ... Ronald behave well with the die boy . 55 . 67 int . farmhouse - night 67 the Priest make he way upstairs in the darkness . he yawn , a long , content yawn . he have complete the hardest day 's work that he have undertake as a priest , if he really be a priest . if he be not , then the pre - tence have be just as exhaust . he want to sleep . 68 int . farmhouse - another angle - night 68 in the room sleep form lie here and there in the darkness . some officer have move in and the place be more crowded than before . the Priest make he way to he corner , but on the way he pause by beatrice . she snore lightly . the Priest bend over and take a long sniff at she , then he sigh out he admiration . he step over she and settles into he own space by the window . he suddenly miss the presence of hector . he look again at beatrice , still and sleep . what the Priest do not see be the extra pair of hand massage she neck and head . she moan softly in she pretence of sleep . the Priest be troubled , suspicious , but he do not know why . he sniff again , in the general direction of beatrice . the mingle smell that he sensitive nose detect perplex he , but he settles down , pull he * cloak over he head . across the room , hector 's head emerge from the cover beside beatrice . they make love quietly in the dark , also enjoy the thrill of confound the Priest . 69 int . farmhouse - day 69 the Priest wake up . outside he can hear the first sound of the day , the murmure voice of Soldiers in the yard , the clatter of milk pail . in the room it be still semi-dark . the Priest sit up . the other have already leave , but beatrice be there , stretch herself and fix she hair . hector be not with she . she smile at the Priest . then , in another part of the room , hector emerge from what look like a pile of clothing , sit up and smile too . hector good morning . hector and beatrice look at each other . the Priest look at they in turn . they cheeky act of innocence mock he . 56 . 70 ext . farmyard - day 70 hector be wash himself by the stream that flow close by the yard . he drink a handful of water for breakfast . the Priest see he from the farmyard and come to join he . * hector be in a cheerful mood , pleased with himself and he success with beatrice . the Priest be sullen , reproachful . hector you be a busy man , what with all this soul depart . priest there 's nothing wrong with help someone to die in peace . they want I to go with they . hector nothing at all . priest be you stay here ? hector move on , as you tell I to ... we will meet up , like you say . I will wait for you at the channel . * priest she will do you harm . I tell you . she might be a witch . wait for I . I still have the money from Venice . we can be home in a month . hector witch my arse . stop give I order . both of they be unhappy now , confusing one another , spoil they friendship . hector you be a strange fellow . be you a priest ? be you jealous ? the Priest be silent . they be save from hurt each other more . a soldier shout down to they from the farm . soldier we be move soon , Father . ( continued ) 57 . 70 continued : 70 the Priest turn to hector for what might be the last time . priest so , you be leave ? hector you have work to do here . the Priest walk back up to the farm . hector call out * what might be a attempt at a apology or simply another * taunt . hector I do not understand you . the Priest look back at he briefly , then walk on . 71 ext . track - day 71 hector and beatrice have pack they few belonging into a shoulder bag . they turn out of the farmyard and walk down the main track . hector catch a last glimpse of the Priest be help onto the back of a horse , behind a soldier . he be ride off in the opposite direction with the rest of the troop . other battle lie ahead to be bless , and more batter body require comfort . hector and beatrice be enjoy the first pulse - quicken flush of they intimacy , and the thrill of know it will go further . they chatter freely , * despite not share a language . hector I be glad we be go the same way . beatrice we will have to sleep in the hill tonight . will you keep I warm ? the damp greyness of the early morning have lift and the sun be shine as they step out onto the higher hill . 72 ext . hillside - day 72 hector and beatrice have stop to eat . they shelter in the fold of a hillside , with a wide stream run some way below . hector feed beatrice a piece of cheese from he knife . ( continued ) 58 . 72 continued : 72 beatrice hurry up and finish you wine and then we can make love . hector seem to know what she be say . he throw down he knife and cheese , lie down with she on the grass . he kiss she breast and she body eagerly . he lift she skirt and caress and kiss she naked leg and thigh . she stretch herself out happily , arm spread wide on the grass . hector talk through he kiss . hector why do you smell so wonderful ? he lift he head to let she see he sniff . * beatrice oh , you like my smell , do you ? I make it from the flower . I put * it here , and there , and there . hector kiss she more . she smile and turn she head to the sky . then she start to giggle . beatrice I do not believe it ... someone 's watch we , the dirty devil ... do not look ... he 's down by the water , by the rock ... hector do not understand , and keep on with he kissing . only she persistent giggle make he stop and look up . * hector see he too . down by the stream a head peer over the top of a rock , not even attempt to hide . * beatrice cheeky devil . hector he 's not move . he must have see we , though . * she sit up and straighten she clothing , suddenly anxious . beatrice do not look at he anymore . let 's go ... down the other side of the hill . but hector still look at the figure in the distance . there be a uneasy silence while hector work it out . then he speak . ( continued ) 59 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 hector it 's a dead man . beatrice do not understand . hector stand up , still look at the figure . hector come on , we be go that way at any rate . they move cautiously . when they be closer to it , and * can see it for what be be , they walk straight for the dead body . 73 ext . hillside - another angle - day 73 * it be the body of a young squire , handsomely dress in the livery of he master . such a squire would follow he knight into battle , guide he through the chaos . * but this boy seem to have die a less public , more furtive death . he lie lean against a rock , eye open , a expression something like a smile on he face . there be no sign of a wound . hector look around at the ground . hector no sign of a battle ... only a few horse ... or just one . he be not kill in a fight . beatrice poor boy . be not he fine-looking . look at he shoe . there be a sadness about this young death in such a lonely place . hector and beatrice be open to this sad - * ness , but in they age sentiment be of a tougher strain . beatrice we will cover he eye at least ... so the crow do not get he . look at this shoe , though . she be already gather stone . hector see what beatrice be do . hector that 's good of you . as he lay he down hector see a small , dry wound on the boy 's side . beatrice bring she armful of stone and start to build a mound around the squire 's head . ( continued ) 60 . 73 continued : 73 hector help she by gather stone from the stream . soon they have cover he head completely with stone , he body lie expose . hector it 's all we can do . it will not keep the wolf away though . beatrice be still take by the boy 's shoe . beatrice his foot be like mine , you know . I will give you mine , poor boy , and I will have yours . I have more walk to do . she look at hector . beatrice it 's not steal if I give he mine , be it ? hector watch as beatrice exchange she old shoe for the squire 's . they fit she well , and she proudly show they off to hector . he smile at she . 74 ext . stream - day 74 later , hector and beatrice be enjoy each other immensely , make love by the stream . beatrice have not remove she new shoe , she like they so much . she be dabbing hector with she perfume which , he have discover , she keep in a small bottle keep in a pouch on a chain around she neck . * nearby the corpse of the squire still lie , its head shroud in stone , as if absurdly hide its eye from the antic of hector and beatrice . the old shoe beatrice have place on its foot look odd compare to the fine uniform . * hector and beatrice seem unaware of the strangeness of they situation , but perhaps it only look strange to we modern eye . hector continue to bask in she wonderful aroma . hector you have put magic in this stuff , have not you , you be bewitch I ... they appear to get the gist of one another 's love talk . ( continued ) 61 . 74 continued : 74 beatrice you be eager today , hector , be not you ? be it all this death ? hector I do not know what you be say but I like you when you talk . 75 ext . hillside - day 75 hector be watch beatrice conduct some kind of ceremony over the corpse of the squire . she take a handful of dry flower or herb from a pouch in she bag . mumbling strangely and quickly to herself , she walk around the corpse three time , scatter the leave over the body . hector be fascinate , but a little uneasy . he watch from a safe distance . during the few moment that it take , beatrice seem like a different person . then , all of a sudden , the familiar , friendly beatrice return . she complete she ceremony by throw a few drop of she perfume over the body . she smile . * beatrice that should help he a little . hector we should go now . we have be here too long . beatrice I wonder if he mama will ever know what happen . hector you say mama . I know what that be ... mama ... we can talk the same ... beatrice mama ... that 's right ... mama ... 76 ext . hillside - another angle - day 76 * they have reach the summit of the hill . it be like the roof of the world . below they lie the valley . the air be clean . the landscape look untouched by man , but a few smudge of smoke in the distance suggest farm or village . there might be the glimpse of a castle on a hill . ( continued ) 62 . 76 continued : 76 if it all feel oddly familiar to we , then perhaps it be the memory of a picture in a forget story book , or a ancient landscape on a gallery wall . once again in the film there be the tantalize feel of awak not from a dream , but in a dream . the moment pass in the more down to earth concern of hector and beatrice . hector I have to keep the sun on my back , that 's what Ronald say ... the sun on my back all the way home ... I will stay on this side of the river ... beatrice yes , of course ... we stay on this side of the river , all the way down ... until tomorrow ... hector I stay on this side ... beatrice yes ... on this side . then the other . they move off , each think that they have reach agreement . beatrice start to sing as they make a * gentle descent into the forest below . 77 ext . forest - day 77 beatrice be milk a stray cow they have find in the forest . hector be watch she , especially she hand . she manipulate the udder of the cow deftly , sexily . her hand seem to have sensual personality all of they own . she be chatter non-stop , explain the * subtlety of milk to hector . but he can not take he eye or he mind off she thrill hand . he respond distractedly . * hector oh yes ... oh yes . 78 ext . hill - night 78 hector lie by they small fire , watch beatrice , who sleep by he side . she be dream . she mumble in she sleep , whole sentence . she turn this way and that . hector watch in fascination . ( continued ) 63. 78 continued : 78 we feel the echo of another night when a man watch someone sleep and dream . he handle some of the thing spilling from she bag , lie beside he . her dry flower and herb , which he sniff , she little bottle and phial . Witches brew ? or simply a early version of a cluttere handbag ? we do not know what be pass through hector 's mind . perhaps he be try to work out how he come to be lie with the strange , wonderful , unknowable creature by he side . and how many people have do that through the age , in cave or by campfire , or in suburban bedroom ? there be many way in which we will be able to connect with this perplex , flea-ridden man , far away from home , huddle by a fire in the forest , trap in he time , as we all be . 79 ext . forest - morning 79 hector and beatrice be on the move again . they make they way down into the thicken forest . beatrice walk ahead , light - foote and hum to herself . she seem to be in comfortably familiar territory now . the mist swirl about he as hector follow on behind , tagging along as if catch in she sexual wake . 80 ext . boat - day 80 hector and beatrice have reach the river , broad and slow-move . beatrice have hail a boatman from the far side . he maneuver he small boat to they and they clamber aboard . beatrice and the boatman greet each other familiarly . they gossip amiably as the ferry make its way across the river . hector sit quietly with a smile on he face , they chatter incomprehensible to he . 81 ext . shore - day 81 as they climb out of the ferry hector be suddenly unsure of what he be do . hector I think we be go the wrong way . I want the sun on my back . we should have stay on the other side . he mime what he mean . ( continued ) 64 . 81 continued : 81 beatrice do not worry ... we be nearly there . I will fix you back for you ... give you a good rub . before he can protest she have move off . so he follow she . 82 ext . village outskirt - day 82 they have reach the outskirt of a village . beatrice turn off the main track and up a narrow path . hector follow she . soon she stop at a small house close to a orchard . the house sit in the mess of a run-down farm yard , chicken and goat run here and there . beatrice open the door of the house and go inside . hector hesitates before follow she . 83 int . cottage - day 83 beatrice turn to he when they be inside . beatrice here we be ... home ... you want some food ... and then I will show you everything . we have a spring ... you can wash ... hector stand look around the small dark room . beatrice suddenly seem shy and awkward . beatrice this be when I wish you could understand I . you will have to learn , you know ... I want you to stay here . you want to , do not you ? hector look at she in silence . beatrice I look after the hen , and I make * dy from the plant , and perfume too . I be good at that . but I be * no good with the sheep and the goat . I wish you could understand ... arnaud 's be dead two year ... * she cross the room to a wooden chest under the window . ( continued ) 65 . 83 continued : 83 she lift the lid and remove some man 's clothing , rough work trousers and a hide jacket . beatrice I still have he clothes . I will make they fit you ... she hold the jacket up against hector to measure it . hector 's reaction to a dead man 's clothing be * predictable . * hector * what do he die of ? * beatrice I be get shy . imagine I be shy with you ... I make this for he ... tonight we will try they on . you be the same height as arnaud , but a little thin . I will make they fit . I be a good sewer . and we have a big bed upstairs for you and I , in the rafter ... you and I ... sleep ... hector be beginning to understand what she mean , but he keep he feeling to himself . beatrice talk on . now that she have start , she want to say it all . beatrice I like you . you like I too , do not you ? we be lucky to meet the way we do . all the man around here be old . * beatrice fall silent , overtaken by she shyness . hector understand fully what she mean now , but he mind be a confusion . he can not respond . she try to direct he thought to the one area she be sure about . beatrice come up and I will show you the bed ... she climb a ladder nearby and lift open a trapdoor on the wooden ceiling . hector climb up to join she and together they stand on the ladder with they head poke into the tiny space above . 84 int . cottage - another angle - day 84 * beatrice be proud of she bed , a rough mattress on the floor cover in some blanket she have probably make herself . ( continued ) 66 . 84 continued : 84 the bed take up most of the space of the small attic . they look at it together . beatrice a good bed , eh ? for you and I . we can have fun up here ... better than a ditch ... she laugh . hector 's expression lighten a little too . it occur to he to take up she offer immediately . she * catch he think , and the moment tingles happily . * then from outside they hear voice . firstly a young Boy call . boy ( o.s. ) mama , be you home ? 85 int . cottage - day 85 beatrice and hector descend back in the room . a boy of about eight and a girl of ten be come in from the * garden . they have be work outside . beatrice go to embrace each of they . hector 's face be a confusion once again . girl you be go a long time . who 's this ? the girl eye hector up and down . beatrice this be hector . beatrice pronounce he name with care . she stand proudly by she child . beatrice this be my child ... the creak of a door make hector turn he head . beatrice ... and this be my mother .... a old woman stand in the main doorway , smile at hector and nodd she head . she speak to she daughter . mother ( old woman ) so ... you find one , eh ? hector stand , surround by instant family , and do not know what to do . eventually he speak . * ( continued ) 67 . * 85 continued : 85 hector be there water ... to drink ... to wash ? he mime with he hand . beatrice understand that he want some breathe space . she talk to she son . beatrice take hector to the well ... but come here first . she take off the dead squire 's shoe and put they on the Boy 's bare foot . he be delighted . he do a little dance in they before leave with hector . 86 ext . well - day 86 hector stand at the well some way from the house . beatrice 's garden be a madness of wild flower , harvest by she for scent and powder . she be a remarkable woman , live as she do in the harsh male world of she time . the scent air and the dizzy sound of the bee almost make hector swoon . he be experience the full , heady impact of beatrice , and it be sum up in a full - blow pollen - fill sneeze . he drink at she well . the Boy be beside he , still engross in he new shoe . hector splashes some water on he face and look back at the house . he have some decision to make . 87 int . cottage - day 87 the mother sit by the window in the nearest thing to a comfortable chair that the house have to offer . she be work on some lace . hector enter the room to watch she . he smile and stand shyly at the door . the mother think he want she chair for himself . in a flurry of apology she rise , drop she work and motion for hector to have the good seat . he be full of embarrassment . hector no , no ... sit down ... I just come to watch ... please ... sit ... he guide the mother back to the good chair . they struggle comically for a while , but eventually she allow hector to settle she there . she mumble unhappily . ( continued ) 68 . * 87 continued : 87 mother we can not have this ... this be arnaud 's seat ... it 's yours now ... I can sit on the box ... hector gently pacify she . hector you must sit there ... look ... you need the light from the window ... it 's you seat ... I do not want it ... it 's yours ... I can sit on the box . the old woman allow herself a shy smile . whether in innocence or mischief , she have secure the best seat in the house for herself . if he stay , hector will never dare rest he bone in it . 88 ext . yard - day 88 hector have retreat to the yard . the girl be boil some dy in a cauldron over a open fire . the Boy be work at a basketful of flower head , pull petal and separate the heart , put they in a large jar of color liquid . hector be aware of beatrice watch he . she be return to the kitchen , firmly hold a struggle chicken , wing flap and feather fly everywhere . this chicken be make the supreme sacrifice in beatrice 's final effort at total seduction , a wonderful meal . hector be guiltily aware of this as they eye meet briefly . hector take in what the Boy be do and join in the work . the Boy smile at hector 's initial clumsiness . he motion for hector to have a sniff of the jar of liquid . hector do so . the smell be heady and pleasant . hector ah ... the Boy say something and point towards he sister . she stand by she cauldron , stir the bubbling liquid . hector go to watch she work . he look in the cauldron . hector good color ... for cloth ? without think , hector lean over the cauldron to sniff . a hideous odor assault he . he back off . ( continued ) 69 . * 88 continued : 88 hector ugh ... the girl say something to he , and point to a bucket of liquid at she foot . hector make out something like the word " peepee . " hector peepee ? the girl nod enthusiastically . the Boy be sniggering . 89 int . cottage - day 89 hector sit at the table with beatrice and she family . there be a air of awkward silence , although the Boy and girl look openly at hector , perhaps assess he as a future father . the meal have be serve in a communal pot . in beatrice 's house there be the luxury of small individual plate . the other wait for hector to begin , but he indicate to the old mother to help herself first . she do , and she do not stop until she plate be heape high with food . there be definitely some power play go on in the old woman 's mind , although she face be all innocence . hector submit , take only a modest portion of food . the old mother 's appetite be prodigious . it be comical to watch she little frame consume so much , quietly and methodically . she be a eat machine . during the meal beatrice and hector exchange glance . but this time they talk without word be a serious affair . hector mmmm ... good food .... 90 ext . cottage - day 90 from the kitchen beatrice watch hector in the garden . he be make a effort to appear relaxed , but as he pace here and there beatrice know that he be unhappy . she leave the kitchen to join he . beatrice take a walk to the village if you want ... you look as if you need a walk ... hector open he heart to she , know she will understand he feeling if not he word . ( continued ) 70 . 90 continued : 90 hector I have to leave soon . I can not stay ... it would be wrong to stay for just a while ... 91 ext . cottage - day 91 it be awkward for hector to say goodbye . hector I have to go ... have to keep the sun on my back ... I have to get home ... I have a family , just like you ... I like you ... you * smell good ... wonderful ... hector fumble awkwardly with he bag and then walk off down the track . he turn to look at beatrice . she stand outside she house for a long time , watch he until he turn onto the main road and out of sight . the pain and the awkwardness in beatrice and hector be specific , but the scene of parting be timeless . be this the ten millionth such parting , or the billionth ? it be one of they at any rate , and a sad one . 92 ext . river - dusk 92 hector have reach the river , but it be already grow dark and the boatman have go for the night . hector see the boat , drag out of the water . he sit down against the trunk of a large tree . his * eye begin to close . * 93 ext . raft - morning 93 hector awake . he look around he . he be on a huge * raft , make of ship 's timber . we have leave we previous hector sit under he tree 400 year ago . this hector be awaken into what might be a nightmare . the huge raft be many smaller raft lash together . there be over a hundred and fifty people perch on they , lie or squatting in sleep . it be early morning . the sea be calm around they , but the deep ocean swell be still there to remind they of they predicament , menace , like a control anger . hector be fully awake now , sit against some box . he speak to andre sit close by . ( continued ) 71 . 93 continued : 93 Andre be hector 's slave , still bound to he in service through shipwreck and disaster . we hector be now a master . Andre be a young asian . a quiet , capable , intelligent man , but with that same lose look in he eye that hector have as a slave . he too be far from home . hector I have a wonderful dream . I be * lie under a tree , beside a river . I be doze . I hear the water ... beautiful clear water . I get up and drank some . I think I eat some * raspberry too . andre I would like some water . hector look around he at the squalid mass of distress humanity . hector * God , this be the worst , the worst . * some figure rise and a argument take place , like a domestic squabble . we can hear some of they exchange . woman let I keep he ... they say we will find land in a day or so ... you be evil ... man when they be dead they go over the side ... the place stink enough as it be ... there be a flurry of movement amongst the figure , then a splash , then a cry of a woman . the noise have awaken other . all over the raft figure be come awake , sit up , take in the new day , and the dreadful reality of they situation . Andre speak to hector . andre do you think I will still see Europe ? hector I think there 's more chance of I eat you , Andre . ( continued ) 72 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 the more we see of the people , they costume , weapon , mannerism , the easier we will place they in they time . they be survivor of a founder ship some time at the height of the great colonial empire . the year could be 1590 . the place be the indian Ocean . hector turn he eye to another part of the raft , closer to he . he watch a man and woman . the woman , URSULA , still have she eye close , sleep on a pile of canvas . the man , francisco , stand beside she hold a cloak over she to protect she from sea spray . his eye catch hector 's , and they hold each other 's gaze for a long time . there be antipathy but also pain in they look . * a man , dom paulo , move among the waking wretch . he speak with authority . dom paulo I think today will be the day , my friend . we have be in the inshore current since yesterday . Three crown to the first one to sight the coast . God preserve we all . someone speak from under a crude canvas shelter . sailor never mind the three crown ... a side of beef would do ... or a drink of clean water . dom Paulo stride off to he station by the makeshift rudder . dom paulo do not worry , there will be food for all ashore . Africa 's full of meat and drink . sailor it 's full of african too . 94 ext . raft - day 94 the sun be up , and dom Paulo be right . the raft be now stand off - shore riding out the heavy ocean surf before finally beach . the strong be help to row ashore , under the shout instruction of the navigator . that too weak to help be huddle beside they poss - sion , hope to survive this final trial of the sea . ( continued ) 73. 94 continued : 94 hector work he oar with the rest . he have time to cast a glance at Ursula and Francisco . Francisco in he manic-heroic way manage to row while at the same time try to offer a steadying arm to Ursula . if hector have time or energy to laugh , he would . the raft be in the full rage of the surf . the sense behind its loose construction be obvious now . snake-like it ride the wave , one half up , the other down . the beach be not easy . a few people be wash overboard with no way of save they . finally the raft make it through the barrier of the outer surf . they be in a long curving bay . up from the beach lie a area of * dune , and beyond that a thick belt of jungle . the raft scrape onto the sand . that near the beach scramble ashore , immediately prostrate themselves in prayer of thanks while that at the back jump into the water and clumsily wade the last few foot to safety . hector 's attention be never far from Ursula . she be * struggle in the water with some of she baggage . a youth , nuno , go to help she . hector overtake he and nudge he out of the way , offer to take Ursula 's load from she shoulder . she refuse he help . waist -deep in * water they tussle over she bundle of possession . hector * overpower she , wrestle she load from she grasp , angrily wade to the shore and dump it on the sand . in amongst the drama of they situation they little battle of will seem petty and pathetic , but it reveal much about they past . * soon the survivor be drag they possession from the raft . they have manage to hoard a surprising amount from they doom ship . carpet , chest , chair , all be drag ashore . 95 ext . camp - day 95 civilization have take hold quickly in this little corner of Africa . dom Paulo , the leader , already have a table and chair set up in the sand , and behind he sailor be erectig a tent - like house , make from timber and rich tapestry and carpet . the other be make they own shelter all along the beach . a regular little community be take shape , a crazy , rich - texture village deck out in all the color of the East . the silk and gingham that be destine for the finest hall in Europe now give shelter to sick slave , starve sailor , ruin trader and grieve mother . ( continued ) 74 . * 95 continued : 95 some of the survivor have recover sufficiently from the trauma of near death to mark out the boundary of they new beach home with line of stone . the habit of ownership die hardest of all . although dom Paulo be the man in authority he be also a man in deep shock . most of what he have earn or plunder in he colonial year now lie at the bottom of the ocean . since he be socially superior to anyone else on the ship he assume responsibility and command . there be probably fifty man among the survivor more suite to lead they to safety . by dom Paulo 's side always be he son . a quiet boy of about eleven . he be like a little miniature of he father , dress in the same style of clothes . he be a constant , silent witness to everything that dom Paulo do , good or bad , wise or foolish . he and he father be a continue fascination for hector , and we can enjoy hector watch the boy watch he father . some of the absurdity and comedy of the situation can be high - light in this way . there can be sadness in it too however , the pain of a son witness he father 's compromise or failure all too closely , and dom Paulo 's sad awareness of he image slowly tarnish in he son 's eye . amidst the construction work , dom Paulo be talk with some of he officer . dom paulo how many make it ? officer eighty man . ten woman . eighteen child and forty - five slave . dom paulo two party of ten man each ... one to the north and one to the south ... bring back what you can ... game , fruit , anything ... and send someone back as soon as you find fresh water . any trouble , discharge three shot . the Officer leave to carry out he order . dom Paulo address another of he man , Da cunha . ( continued ) 75 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 dom paulo have the carpenter start immediately on a cross , a big one ... Father diogo want a place of worship by this time tomorrow . we will look for a spot later . we have all get a lot of praying to do . and where 's dias ... tell he I want to see he . 96 ext . camp - day 96 hector and Andre be walk through the half - build village . Andre be carry hector 's possession , a roll - up carpet and a bolt of colorful cloth . we feel a echo of the day when hector be a slave , walk two pace behind with he master 's possession . hector find what he be look for . Francisco be work on a shelter for himself and Ursula , with the help of some slave . hector approach he , make another attempt to heal wound from he past . hector I have a carpet and some cloth ... I think if we work together we could make a better shelter ... Francisco barely stop he work to reply . francisco if it 's a joke it 's a poor one . * hector at least ask dona Ursula ... francisco I do not have to ask she ... I know she would agree with I ... leave we alone . his stubborn rejection of hector reveal just how strong they friendship once be . hector well ... would you take my cloth , at least ? francisco keep it and build you own hovel somewhere else ... leave we alone ...! ( continued ) 76 . 96 continued : 96 then from along the beach the sound of raised voice distract they . they see some figure , laden with supplies , run off into the forest . other be follow they , discharge musket , shouting for the deserter to stop . hector and Francisco walk briskly in the direction of the trouble . they see two of the deserter be overtaken by they pursuer . the rest make they escape into the jungle . 97 ext . camp - day 97 hector and Francisco reach dom Paulo 's office in the sand . the lead citizen be gather there as the two capture deserter be bring in . sailor they run off with the dry bread ... * about eight of they , sir ... * dom Paulo look at the two prisoner . dom paulo you man be deserter . you will die tomorrow . he speak again to the sailor . dom paulo chain they on the raft for tonight , and watch they ... Francisco step forward , outrage . francisco I must object ... this sentence can not be lawful ... dom Paulo 's authoritative manner vanish in a instant . he become hesitant , unsure of himself . as always , he * Son watch every detail of the exchange . * dom paulo do you think so ? francisco of course ... we can not allow ourselves to fall into terror and violence ... dom paulo you be right ... but then how can we punish they ? we can not lock they up ... ( continued ) 77 . 97 continued : 97 dom Paulo look around at the assemble notables , confuse , out of he depth . other opinion be voice . salgado you be right the first time , sir ... they must hang ... they be steal the bread from we mouth ... the capture deserter look on helplessly as they life be argue over . young deserter I do not steal any bread ... gome have the bread ... he 's off , in the forest ... dom paulo oh dear ... dom Paulo turn to the Priest . dom paulo what do you think , Father ? the Priest throw open he arm noncommittally . priest I will comfort they whether they live or die , now or later , any of you , all of you ... I will comfort you all . salgado hang they ... you have to set a example ... dom Paulo be deeply confuse . dom paulo so I be right the first time ? Francisco confuse he even more . francisco no , sir ... there must be proper justice ... dom paulo what 's proper justice ? * deserter I do not steal any bread ... ( continued ) 78 . * 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 salgado you have to make a decision , sir . deserter it be gome ... he tell we to run . dom paulo I will decide ... no I will not ... we will all decide ... most of the people that matter be here ... we will have a vote ... who agree with salgado ... and I ... that they should die ? a lot of hand go up . hector hesitates , he instinct be not for kill . but the force of the majority weigh on he . he start to raise he hand . at that moment , as he scan the crowd , he meet the eye of the deserter whose death they be voting on . for a moment they communicate . hector be throw . he drop he hand , only to find in the next instant the stern gaze of salgado on he . he hesitates again , then start to raise he hand . then the eye of the deserter find he once more . this comic pantomime go on while a solid majority of the crowd firmly raise they hand . dom paulo ... and that against death ... one of the deserter raise he own hand meekly . dom paulo you can not vote ... then he look to salgado . dom paulo can he ? salgado it do not matter . then the other deserter raise he hand too . salgado I do not think this be work , dom Paulo ... we need authority ... you must decide ... dom Paulo think . dom paulo very well ... Da cunha ? ( continued ) 79 . 97 continued : ( 3 ) 97 da cunha step forward . dom paulo the cross the carpenter be work on ... tell he to turn it into a scaffold ... have it erect along the beach , away from the woman ... the execution will be at sunrise tomorrow . tell Father diogo . he turn to the sailor hold the deserter . dom paulo take they to the raft . the daze deserter be lead off . dom Paulo 's face cloud in doubt again . dom paulo everyone in agreement with hang ? * or should we shoot they ... or what ? da cunha hanging be fine , sir . * dom paulo very well ... now ... who 's go to conduct the execution ... should we pick someone , or have a volunteer ... dom Paulo look over the face of the man . he stop at hector . dom paulo hector ? hector do not have the will to accept or the courage to * refuse . he be save by another young man , alvarez , eager to prove himself . alvarez I will do it , dom Paulo . dom paulo thank you , alvarez . sunrise tomorrow . send the Priest to they tonight . we can sense the feel of relief in hector . dom * Paulo 's son have be a silent witness to everything that * have happen , but he blank face reveal nothing of he * feeling . * 80 . 98 ext . camp - evening 98 it be grow dark . fire be be light outside the shelter . Andre be building hector 's tent while hector watch he . the tent be only large enough for one person , and somehow look mean compare with the other . hector good work , Andre . he look across to the well - make shelter of Ursula and Francisco . Ursula herself work at the fire . * hector turn to Andre . hector you go and sleep by the big fire , Andre . keep warm . Andre leave . 99 int . camp - night 99 hector go inside he little house . he put he back to the entrance and open the canvas sack which contain all he possession . he pull out he prize , a sizeable chunk of bread and some dry fruit . he guiltily gnaw at the hard bread . he be surprised by the sound of the boy , nuno outside . nuno senor hector ? hector quickly stow he food back into he sack , and with a grunt of irritation stick he head out of the shelter . nuno be hold four fruit , about the size of large apple , but green and thick -skin . nuno this be all they find in the forest . four for each of we . they taste kind of milky , but sour . hector thank you , nuno . nuno my mother eat three and she be sick . so try two ... but she 's sick anyway ... maybe you can try three ... ( continued ) 81 . 99 continued : 99 hector I will start with two . nuno make to leave , but then hesitates . nuno hector , will you help I ? nuno be look down the beach to the remain of the raft on the shoreline . the shape of the two deserter chain there can just be see . nuno lopo ... the boy they be go to hang tomorrow ... he be cook 's cabin boy ... I be go to take * he something to eat ... I think , perhaps , one of yours and one of mine ... he look at the fruit he have just give hector . nuno you say you might just eat two ... hector but there 's tomorrow , nuno ... we must eat tomorrow too ... nuno look disappointed . his eye turn again to he playmate tie to the raft . hector dom Paulo would call it a waste . you must keep yourself strong , nuno , that 's what he would say ... so that you can help the other ... God know what we have ahead of we ... we will need strong people like you ... nuno be silent , unconvince . hector try not to think about lopo any more ... the guard would not let you near he anyway . nuno stomp away in silence . hector shout after he cheerily . hector goodnight ! 82 . * 100 int . camp - night 100 in the privacy of they tent dom Paulo and he son be engage in they nightly ritual , practice on they recorder . dom Paulo lead the young boy through a intricate , pretty tune . they sit formally and there be a air of stoicism about they , determine as they be to maintain they civilized habit in this bleakest of circumstance . but there be also a feel of madness about it . the madness of a man who have lose a grip of what be go on about he . down on the beach man be wait to die in the morning on he order . the blend of formality and madness make the scene comic . 101 ext . camp - dawn 101 the sun have rise sharply , soar out of the ocean . it blind the eye of that in the little execution party make they way along the beach . the cross-cum-scaffold have be erect some way from the camp . most people be attend to they morning chore with one eye on the grim act of justice be carry out along the shore . we view of the hanging will be from the distance of the camp ; marionette figure , man dance on rope , the form - ality of legal death . the priest and the executioner . it take a while for the people in the camp to become aware of the other observer up on the dune . Three figure stand in full view , boldly , silently , watch the camp and the pantomime at the scaffold . the word pass around the camp . eye pass between the execution and the tall native watch . the first man be already dangle on the rope by the time that dom Paulo and he officer be discuss the appearance of the native . da cunha some gunpowder would scatter they , sir . dom paulo no , they might want to be friendly ... they will have food too ... get one of we African slave ... we must try and talk to they ... if they think we be timid we be dead . 83. 102 ext . dune - dawn 102 a solitary slave make he way up from the camp to the native on the dune . everyone in the camp watch as he approach they . there be tension . will the native run or fight or talk . they begin to talk . the native seem most interested in the hanging , and point in that direction , ask question . the slave make a attempt at explain what be happen , but the native seem baffle . they start laugh and shaking they head . by now the second figure be dangle on the rope , the cross make a efficient double - gallow . 103 ext . camp - dawn 103 while Francisco 's attention have be on the native , hector have sidl up to he , still hope to ingratiate himself . he talk while they watch the two event , the hang and the meeting . hector I hate it when people have to die . * francisco it 's foolishness . killing we own man when we have the whole of Africa to face . hector it 's foolish squabbling at all . we should be friend . Francisco look at he for the meaning in what he be say . hector shrug . he take a small bundle from he jacket and give it to Francisco . francisco what 's this ? hector some bread and raisin . francisco I think everything be share out on the raft ... hector well this be not . it 's for she ... and you . Francisco look hector straight in the eye , look for he angle . but this time there be none . hector be simply a lonely man seek to retrieve lose friendship . there be a glimmer of sympathy in Francisco 's face . ( continued ) 84 . 103 continued : 103 on the high dune the slave and the native have now parte company . the deserter still spin at the end of they rope , the Priest praying at they foot . Francisco walk away from he . hector call out . hector I must speak to she ! 104 ext . camp - day 104 the slave approach dom Paulo outside he tent . slave they want to make a visit here ... with they King ... he will bring gift , and will receive gift . they say not to sacrifice anymore * man for they ... they do not like that ... dom Paulo and the other laugh . 105 ext . BAY - day 105 the tide be sweeping more wreckage into the bay . barrel and box and timber bob in the wave . people make they way to the shoreline to retrieve this new gift from the sea . * the whole of the camp be eager and shouting . they bring * in the box and barrel . a whole harmonium be man - handle ashore . some boy drag it up onto dry sand and start to work its bellow . at first only water spurt from it , but then a watery note or two be emitted . the mood soon become festive . dom Paulo make he way down * to the shore to make the celebration official . * by now the first of the newly - arrive crate be be open . Inside be egg , many , many large egg , in crate after crate . a officer bring the first of the egg to dom Paulo . officer turtles ' egg , sir ... Doctor correa be shipping they to the Royal Zoo ... I think they hope some of they would hatch . dom paulo well ... it 's egg for supper tonight ... for everyone ... * 85 . 106 ext . camp - dusk 106 that night everyone do eat turtles ' egg . at they fire in the dusk they fry they , boil they , scramble they . some eat they raw . the abundant green fruit make a tolerable side dish . the happy mood of the afternoon have survive into the night . for once there be enough to eat , and the hanging be a thing of the past . above the roar of the constantly roll surf the croaky sound of the waterlogged harmonium can be hear . * 107 int . hector be tent - dusk 107 sadly for hector , the harmonium enthusiast be very close to he shelter . the jangly music be loud and insistent . hector remove six large egg from a bag and take they outside to he fire . 108 ext . camp - dusk 108 Andre be there eat the last of he omelette . hector how be they ? andre good . hector crack one of he egg into a copper pan . Inside * be a brown smudge of dry yoke and some dust . hector * grunt in annoyance and crack another egg . the yoke be discolor and the smell be rank . hector look at Andre , rapidly finish he omelette before hector can demand * it . hector your be fine ? andre yes . hector pick up a third egg and shake itclose to he ear . it seem as empty as the other two . he pick up a fourth egg and crack it open . a small dry - up , half - form baby turtle rattle into the pan . Andre be quietly enjoy hector 's frustration . he stand up to leave . andre good night . ( continued ) 86 . * 108 continued : 108 hector have you any egg leave ? andre the slave only get three . I want to ask you something . hector you be lucky . what ? andre I want my real name back . hector you do not like Andre anymore ? andre I think of my home all the time . I want to hear the name they call I . we should die with we real name . hector we be not go to die , Andre ... hector smile at he own insensitivity . hector I have forget you name ... andre ketabomago pululo . hector now I remember why we call you Andre . Andre look at he expectantly . hector I will , Andre ... I promise ... I will call you that ... when I remember ... Andre be satisfied , and leave . hector call to he . hector good night ... keta ... andre ketabomago pululo ... hector yes ... good night ... ( continued ) 87 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 hector be alone . hector give up on the egg and pull * out he store of bread and fruit from the tent . the * next source of annoyance be the continue noise of the harmonium . he shout across to the musical enthusiast , a youth with a few older child by he side . hector hey ! stop that , will you ? think of the older people , and the sick ... I will give you a egg if * you stop ... here ... * 109 ext . camp - next morning 109 the officer and dom Paulo be select item for barter * from they crate and box of valuable . hector and other notables be also there . cheap goods , a box of rosary and crucifix make of * common bead , for example , be be go through and suitable junk select for gift . they talk as they work . dom paulo how many be sick ? da cunha about fifty , sir , some of they very sick indeed . it 's the egg . a couple of the crate be full of * rotten one , but eat just the * same . other just eat too many . it would have be better to ration they , I suppose . dom paulo how wise of you to think of that now . any death ? da cunha six . dom paulo how many egg do you have ? ( continued ) 88. 109 continued : 109 da cunha Three . I have they boil . dom paulo I have four . I do not feel well now ... da cunha four 's all right ... the really ill one have eat eight , ten ... dom paulo let 's not think about it ... what * have you get ? * salgado come forward with a handful of the break remain of a kettle . copper be a useful currency . salgado it work well ... they will go for this ... and nail ... Luis clean up a sackful from the crate ... salgado show a handful of nail from a small sack in he hand . dom paulo organize some man to gather all * the nail they can find . we have to keep control of that particular currency . dom Paulo rummages in a box of cheap rosary , select a couple , and then retire to he tent . the other work on at the table . hector drift off down to the beach . 110 int . dom paulo' tent - morning 110 Inside he tent dom Paulo go to he small mirror . he take off the heavy silver chain and medallion from around he neck , and a valuable brooch from he coat . he stow they safely in a lock box and replace it in its hide place in the sand floor . then he adorn himself in the cheap rosary and other trashy item . dom Paulo , * catch sight of he watch Son in the mirror , hold * a silencing finger to he mouth . * 111 ext . beach - morning 111 hector be walk along the beach , close to a pile of * discard box and crate . ( continued ) 89 . 111 continued : 111 he quickly search through they . he soon find what he * be look for , a piece of wood with some nail still attach to it . he pull out the nail and pocket they , then continue to rummage amongst the wood for more . hector be a survivor . and not the first hector to scavenge on a beach , in a world that feel big and empty . 112 ext . dune - morning 112 hector be enjoy the freshness of the day . we see * he climb over a dune and then as he near the summit duck and retreat down the slope again . cautiously he crawl up the dune and look over to the other side . he be watch a young girl and the boy nuno . they be twelve or thirteen year old . they be coyly in the early stage of make love , the Boy lie close to the girl , kissing she , beginning to caress she . they * love-make be poise oddly between child 's play and * eroticism . it 's they day of discovery and it be like a dream of love . the Boy be just about to discover some more and be fumble with the girl 's clothing , when he look up and catch sight of hector . hector duck down but know he have be see and decide to brazen it out . he stand up in full view of they . hector stop that ... leave she alone ... get back to the camp ... or I will tell you mother ... how can you play like this when there be people need you help back there ...? the Boy be stand now and fix he clothing . he walk off back to the camp . the girl remain sit in the sand , buttone she dress , too embarrassed even to raise she head to hector . then hector be touch by something , perhaps the sad stoop in the Boy 's shoulder or the girl 's lower head . hector realize he have break something precious and in they circumstance infinitely fragile and irretrievable . he feel like a oaf . he call after the Boy . hector come back ... I do not mean it ... it be a joke ... you come back ... she 's still here ... I will not say anything ... ( continued ) 90 . 112 continued : 112 but the Boy walk on , turn around now and then to look at hector , who feel foolish and mean . hector call down to the girl . hector I be sorry . but she do not look up , still fumble with she button . hector curse quietly and look out across the dune , angry with himself . then he see the procession of the * Native King and he people , some cattle , and porter carry basket . hector run off towards the camp . 113 ext . clearing - day 113 the meeting of the two leader be weird and wonderful * to see . the rag european , already scan the * basket of the native for sign of solid food , somehow still muster a absurd sense of they own * importance for the occasion . the native , excited and * curious , try to contain they exuberance so that they * do not miss a single detail of this most significant day . many of the native have climb into the tree , * either out of timidity or to get a better view * the tree around the meeting place be drip with body , like human fruit . hector slip into the crowd as the native king be in mid-speech . when he have stop talk the slave begin to haltingly translate . slave he be excited when he hear you have come , but he want to know if you be real people ... he do not think you would be such a strange color ... so he want to see you ... he point repeatedly at he navel . * slave ... so that he will know that you be bear like real people ... ( continued ) 91 . 113 continued : 113 dom Paulo will not suffer the indignity alone . he talk to the officer stand close to he . dom paulo right ... you four as well ... he begin to open up he coat and shirt . the four officer do the same . the King and a few of he atten - dant take a step or two forward and peer at the expose white european belly . they look at one another and mumble solemnly . then they step back . dom Paulo and the officer fix they clothing and re-muster they dignity . the King be enjoy himself . he speak again to the slave , who then translate . slave he want to see you breathe . the King take a deep breath , then nod to dom Paulo . dom Paulo and the officer do as they be tell . the King join they , and for a few moment there be a kind of communion between they . then everyone join in . it be a * strange , poignant moment , all the native and all the european united in the simple act of breathe . dom Paulo regains he composure . he speak to the slave . dom paulo tell he that we want to trade with he , to buy food ... and we want he to guide we out of here ... we have a long way to travel ... to where the white man have they big ship ... the slave speak to the King . the King listen and talk back for a long time . then the slave translate again . slave he have hear of white man very , * very far away ... this way ... but you have to cross many river ... twenty big river ... dom paulo tell he I want to give he this ... dom Paulo step forward to the King . a Officer bring * a wrap cloth . dom Paulo open it , let the King see the piece of break copper inside . * ( continued ) 92 . 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 the Officer produce a handful of large nail and give they directly to the King . the King nod he head in approval and show the nail to he attendant . they be impressed . dom paulo ... and tell he that I want to make he a very special gift as one King to another ... various officer raise they eyebrow at this . dom paulo of this precious thing , which my father and forefather have wear for many long year before ... dom Paulo solemnly and without a blush remove the cheap rosary from around he neck and offer it to the King . dom paulo I should not do this , but it be such a special occasion , and he be such a great and worthy King ... this be translate . the King refuse to accept the * rosary . instead he be point to a couple of chunky and valuable - look ring on dom Paulo 's finger which he have forget to remove . slave he say he could not accept such a treasure gift , something of such value to you family ... instead he would be happy to take one or two of the old ring you have on you finger ... but please do not insist that he take you necklace ... it be impossible to know if the King be be naively polite or hugely clever . dom Paulo 's officer enjoy a mute titter as he peel off he precious ring and give they to the King , replace the worthless bauble around he own neck . the King begin talk again . the slave translate . slave he will give you guide to help * you across the first of the big river ... it be ten day from here ... ( continued ) 93. 113 continued : ( 3 ) 113 dom paulo thank you , thank you ... the slave continue . slave ... and he ask you to be ready to leave the beach in two day time ... he can not permit you to stay longer ... dom Paulo look shocked . slave because with the new moon the turtles will arrive and lay they egg ... you may frighten they ... you must be go ... the mention of turtles ' egg almost turn the stomach of most of the survivor , even the fit one . the King and he follower walk back into the forest . * soon the survivor be alone again , with the lose - look cow the native have leave . a doom cow if ever there be . 114 ext . beach - evening 114 the remain of the cow hang on the spit over the large fire the survivor have make on the beach . small group of people sit around it , gnaw on the roast flesh . the image be once again timeless , the element of it simple ; man , fire , flesh , food . one cow do not go far between a hundred starve people . some be still on they foot by the large fire . now and then a hand will dart out over the flame to snatch a bone hang loose or a tasty - look piece of gristle . they be the survivor of the pack , if any will be . hector be , of course , among they . he risk the searing heat to pull at a couple of blacken bone . he see nuno , the boy he chase away from the girl earlier in the day . nuno be sit by himself , stare vacantly at the fire , lick he finger . hector sit down in the sand beside he . nuno hardly notice he until hector offer he one of he bone . nuno grab it . nuno thanks . ( continued ) 94 . 114 continued : 114 hector suck out the marrow ... it 's the best bit . nuno follow hector 's example . hector allow he to feel the benefit of he gift before he start to talk . hector I be sorry about today ... nuno it do not matter ... hector but it do ... it be mean of I ... I be upset at something ... I be not really angry at you ... nuno I know . nuno be take it rather well . hector regains he natural self - confidence . * * hector you do not think too badly of I ? nuno no ... hector you still like I ? nuno shyly nod he head . * hector you do ? nuno yes . hector be satisfied now . hector well , that make I feel better ... we all have to like each other ... and respect each other ... that 's important too . they be silent for a moment . hector if you do not respect I , just say so ... ( continued ) 95 . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 nuno look at he , smile weakly . then he turn away in silence . hector try another approach to win the Boy over . hector I have a boy like you ... maybe * you could meet he when we get home ... this do not produce much of a response . hector try again . he start to chuckle to himself and nudge nuno in the rib . hector you can take she back there tomorrow , eh ? nuno shake he head . nuno no ... she 's sick now ... 115 ext . camp - night 115 dom Paulo and the Priest and some of the officer be have a more formal meal at dom Paulo 's table outside he shelter . a argument be in progress between dom Paulo and gaspar dias , the navigator . gasper dias have draw a rough map which lie on the table . * dom paulo can not you be more accurate ? hector come to the meeting . he sit down on a box near the table and watch and listen , he expression change with the shift in mood of the other . this * be hector the social animal , we hector with he pocket * full of steal nail and he tent full of stashes of food . dias how can I be accurate without instrument ? as it be I be sighting the sun with two piece of wood ... call it five hundred and be do with it ... he say * twenty river . * ( continued ) 96 . 115 continued : 115 dom paulo we just want you to be as accurate as we know you can be , dias . after all , the ship do manage to find that rock with admirable precision . dias confound you , dom Paulo , that 's a insult ... she hit that rock because she be take water and unsteerable ... she be overload before she leave India and you know it .... dias pound he fist on the table . dias I have tell you ... we vote for a * leader or you can walk into the jungle on you own ... it should have be do day ago ... da cunha calm down , dias ... you can not stay here forever , live on turtles ' egg ... there be mock groan and laughter at the think of it . the tension for the moment be break . * da cunha what about the sick and the injure , dom Paulo ...? dom Paulo let out a heavy sigh . dom paulo I have discuss it with Father diogo ... I do not see how a hundred of we can carry seventy sick ... father diogo I be go to search the scripture tonight . I be sure that God have a answer to it . dias a excuse , you mean ... we will be leave they here to die ... salgado oh , so you be come with we now , dias ! ( continued ) 97 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 dias mumble to himself . dias after the vote ... father diogo it might be the best we can offer they now ... the chance to die a good Christian death here , and set a example to the heathen ... 116 ext . camp - night 116 hector be make he way in the dark back to he shelter . he pass close to the tent of Francisco and Ursula . Francisco be outside , by the fire . a impulse take hector to join he . hector I will be glad when we be on the move ... the sound of the sea be drive I mad . francisco good night , hector ... hector linger . hector where be Ursula ? sleep ? francisco sick . she have not be able to rise since yesterday . * hector 's face express he shock . from what he have hear at the meeting this be serious news . he make a decision . he speak to Francisco , willing they old friendship back into existence in the urgency of the moment . hector will you share a bottle of wine with I ? I have have it since we leave the ship ... I want to drink it tonight , with you . this offer have find a chink in Francisco 's armor . francisco you have a bottle of wine ? ( continued ) 98 . * 116 continued : 116 hector yes . francisco well , fetch it . 117 ext . camp - night 117 hector have return with he precious bottle . Francisco by some miracle have two fine crystal glass . as they drink they begin to reveal a hint of they old intimacy . francisco you should hang for this . some people on the raft might have live with a glass of this in they stomach ... Francisco sip the wine with the relish of long abstinence . hector I know . I feel very guilty . I bring this too ... hector pull a cotton bag from under he coat . hector honey fruit . the last I have . Francisco can not believe such food still exit . he smile in anticipation . francisco you rogue ... give it here ... Francisco grab at the bag and stuff two or three sweet into he mouth , not so much the gentleman now . hector I bring it for Ursula ... Francisco talk through he munch . francisco much too rich for she ... do you want to kill she ? hector surely ... some fruit could not ... ( continued ) 99 . 117 continued : 117 francisco do not argue with I , old friend ... you be the guilty one around here , and do not you forget it . hector why be it always I ? why be I always guilty , always sorry ... be I so bad ? francisco with Ursula you be not bad , you be stupid ... you do the one thing you can not do to a strong woman ... you take away she pride ... what else can she do but hate you ? hector be silent . francisco and then you get on the same ship ... what a fool ... hector I have to get home ... just like you ... francisco and when the ship go down ... why do you have to get on the same raft ... it be as if you be try to torment she ... hector but ... the other raft be sink ... francisco * so ? * hector * Francisco ... please ... * Francisco 's face break into a smile . they drink the * rest of the bottle in silence , the complexity of they * friendship have go beyond word . * 118 ext . Mass - day 118 on a headland overlook the bay , Father diogo 's mass be in progress . every fit member of the camp be there , and a good many of the sick have be carry in litter to take part . the harmonium have be carry up the hill and be in full voice , some youth dissipate they precious energy on its bellow . the young boy have be organize into a choir . ( continued ) 100 . 118 continued : 118 * the large cross stand behind Father diogo , hold in place by a cairn of pile stone at its base . when we find hector there be something tantalizingly familiar about it all ; the cliff , the ocean , the kneel hector , a pile of stone , the offer to a god . * 119 ext . clearing - day 119 the native have gather nearby . they have be move , * perhaps by the music , or perhaps by the simple , universal * posture of worship itself . they begin to sing , a low , rhythmic , compelling chant . it mingle with the distant voice of Father diogo , and then with the chant voice of all the european , until it seem that the whole world be praying . 120 ext . camp - morning 120 next morning the camp on the beach be be break up . the place be like a junkyard . the amount of damage that a hundred and fifty people can do to a beach in two day be impressive . dom Paulo and the officer watch the work . with they be some messenger from the king , and the slave translator . one of the messenger be talk . when he finish , the slave translate . slave yes ... they will look after the sick ... but the King would like one thing ... the machine that make music ... dom paulo we need food as well ... ten cow ... to take with we ... then the King can have the music . 121 ext . camp - another angle - morning 121 * hector be sit beside nuno on a box , talk earnestly to he . Andre stand beside they . * hector you must come with we . nuno no. ( continued ) 101 . 121 continued : 121 andre you mother might not get well ... do you understand that ? nuno that 's why I have to stay . hector and afterwards ... what will you do then ? nuno follow you and the other . hector alone ? nuno remain silent . andre let he be . 122 ext . camp - day 122 dom Paulo and Father diogo be stand beside dom * Paulo 's table , all that remain of he headquarters on * the beach . father diogo I will comfort they as best as I can . dom paulo you be stay with they ? Father diogo hasten to correct this misunderstanding . father diogo no , no , I will comfort they before we leave . I think my place be with you ... two sailor , like stagehand , enter and remove the table , leave dom Paulo and Father diogo propless on the beach . 123 ext . jungle path - day 123 the trek from the beach to the village have start . a long line of people , include some local native , carry the sick in crudely - make litter . even this short trip be hard . somewhere in the line six sailor manhandle the harmonium up the jungle path . ( continued ) 102 . 123 continued : 123 just behind they hector be help nuno to carry he mother in a litter . it be like a civilization on the move . in a day or two the wind and the sea will have rubbed out all evidence of they stay , and the bay will welcome its regular tenant , the turtles . 124 ext . native village - day 124 there be a sense of bustle in the native village as the european sick be settle into they hut and the other prepare to depart . emotional farewell take place in * dark corner of the small hut . a group of unmove sailor be play card in the dirt . * in amongst the bustle hector be look for Francisco . he find he take some of he possession into a hut . * hector Francisco ... I have to see she * before we leave . francisco I will ask she . Francisco go into the hut . hector wait outside , watch the small human drama all around he . soon Francisco emerge from the hut . francisco in you go . hector go into the hut , stooping low at the small entrance . 125 int . hut - day 125 Ursula be lie in a darken corner . hector be shake by the sight of she , ashen and fevere , but try not to show it . he kneel beside she . hector Ursula ... it 's hector . she turn she eye to he but do not speak . hector we be leave soon . I have come to say goodbye ... her voice be a whisper . ( continued ) 103 . * 125 continued : 125 URSULA Goodbye . hector I will not forget you ... I will not forget India ... I can not forget how I hurt you ... she look at he but do not or can not speak . hector we should have talk ... I could have explain ... many thing ... she manage a whisper word . URSULA Lisbon ... hector yes ... I will pray for you in Lisbon ... at the Cathedral ... she lie still . hector linger for a moment . then he speak again . hector I be sorry I hurt you pride ... hector have blow it . Ursula pull herself up on a elbow , find well of energy from sheer indignation . hector be astonished , almost jump out of he skin . URSULA what ? what do you say ? what be you talk about ? hector nothing , nothing ... Ursula speak one word , and then fall back into a dead faint . URSULA idiot ! she lie still . hector lean over she to make sure she be still breathe . he whisper nervously . hector Ursula ? 104 . 126 ext . hut - day 126 outside the hut , dom Paulo be talk with Francisco . dom paulo we will not forget you , or what you be do for this poor people ... francisco I be not stay here with the intention of die , dom Paulo ... we will be follow you ... when we be fit and well ... dom paulo yes , of course ... francisco ... and good luck to you ... * they make what they both know be they final parting . * dom paulo God protect you ... it break my * heart to leave you all here , but I do not know what else I can do . they shake hand . dom paulo we be leave the cross with you ... francisco oh , thank you ... dom paulo it 's too heavy to carry ... and who know ... it might make some impression on the heathen . hector come out of the hut , solemn -face . * hector Francisco , I must talk to you alone ... 127 ext . hut - another angle - day 127 hector take Francisco by the arm and lead he behind the hut . francisco you have make you peace with she ? ( continued ) 105 . 127 continued : 127 hector yes . I think so ... * francisco thank , God ... well , goodbye . * hector be there anything that I can do for you ? a letter ... a message ? * Francisco laugh softly . francisco no ... if you be carry * something for I I would have to worry about you ... if you go empty-hand I can put you out of my mind ! hector smile uncertainly , unsure if Francisco be make a joke . then he become more serious . hector I want to ask you something . * there 's no easy way to do it ... francisco go on , hector ... hector you boot ... Francisco look down at he boot . francisco what about they ? hector can I have they ? you can have mine ... they will be fine for here ... but I have to walk six hundred mile ... hector lift a foot to show Francisco he boot . Francisco be stunne into silence . but then a smile come to he * face . francisco yes , you be right ... I daresay * my boot would take you six hundred * mile ... I look after they ... hector become almost poetic in he plead . ( continued ) 106 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 hector I will walk all the way home , Francisco ... I will pray for you soul in the Cathedral in Lisbon ... francisco ... in my boot ... hector yes . Francisco start to laugh out loud . francisco hector , you have surpass yourself ... sit down and take my boot ! Francisco start to take off he boot . hector do the * same . he can not believe he luck . at this moment , he * love Francisco . he make nonsensical small talk , hopping around on one foot . hector they be make by Da fosca , be not they ? Francisco be giggle now . francisco the best bootmaker in goa ... pray for my soul in Lisbon , hector ... and pray for you own ... Francisco be laugh , but hector do not get the joke . * 128 ext . forest - day 128 a different forest . a wilderness of giant pine , range through the mountain for hundred of mile . it be late * in the year . there be one human sound in the cold still - * ness , a voice sing . bobby , the owner of the voice , have a pack on he back . * he be make he way up a steep slope to a area of flat ground . he stop sing , look around , and call out * in a powerful voice . * bobby they have go ... long go ! Bobby look around the abandon camp , the dead fire , * clear area for tent . ( continued ) 107 . * 128 continued : 128 up the slope and into view come he companion , lead a laden pack horse . it be hector . hector how long ? bobby they have be go a week , at least . hector damn they ... bobby we be ten day late ... they look at each other . they be in trouble , and now they know it . bobby cheer up . have a look around . I will start on a fire ... 129 ext . campsite - day 129 hector have scour the campsite . he hold up a canteen he have find . hector it 's Sandy 's ... whiskey ... bobby well do , my lad ! hector walk to the fire , pleased with himself . Bobby unfold he fist and look at what he have find , a indian arrowhead with a few inch of break shaft . he fold he hand over it again , keep he secret . behind they , nail to a tree , be a plaque they companion have leave . it read , " Pennsylvania boundary expedition 1761 , marker 152 . " also on the plaque someone have write , " we leave here , 20th October . " 130 ext . camp - night 130 hector and Bobby sit by the fire with they supper . they be both anxious , but pretend not to be . ( continued ) 108 . * 130 continued : 130 bobby even if we lose they track , we will still hit the river ... we can not miss that . hector it 's too high for Indians ? bobby much too high . you will not find a indian up here . we just have to keep we head ... no panic . hector if you do find a indian , what would he be ? bobby you would not ... but he might be a delaware if you do . hector we keep work ? bobby why not . we can log the peak on the far side , just a couple of sighting a day ... keep we busy ... they force tone of matter - of - factness only serve to heighten the grow feel of doom . hector you think we will get out ? bobby if we keep we head . I wish I have some tobacco . 131 ext . camp - another angle - night 131 hector be lie awake , watch Bobby 's sleep form on the ground at the other side of the die fire . behind Bobby be a wolf , sniff and edging he way closer to they . hector be not anxious . he know the wolf will soon become aware of they and move off . he be worried about something else . from under the pack that make he pillow he pull a piece of break arrow , a shaft and some feather , the other end of Bobby 's find . he look at it , then look back to Bobby and the wolf . 109 . 132 ext . camp - morning 132 in the morning hector and Bobby be take reading from the instrument they have hang on a large tree , main - tain the discipline of they work . it give some shape and meaning to they predicament . bobby barometer ... twenty - eight and three - eighths ... temperature ... * low ... thirty -four ... high ... forty - two and a half ... time ... hector write it in the log book . Bobby go to the * horse and take a brass chronometer from a box strapped to the saddle . hector take out a smaller chronometer from he own pack . they compare reading . there be a difference of some four or five minute in the time . bobby it 's get worse ... you be nearly five minute fast now ... hector I be not fast ... you be slow down . they obviously have this tiff every morning . hector what 's the point of have two chronometer when you do not take the average ? bobby exactly ... you should throw yours away . hector you be unscientific , Bobby ... at heart ... hector write in the book . he speak pointedly . hector Seven twenty -five ... Bobby mock he with a laugh . * 133 ext . forest - day 133 Bobby be lead the horse and hector walk on ahead . * the go be easy through the fern and grasses . Bobby * for a moment forget he apprehension and start to sing loudly . ( continued ) 110 . * 133 continued : 133 bobby I see she in the dewy flower I see she sweet and fair ... his voice ring sharply around the forest . hector far ahead turn around , take by surprise . Bobby have frighten himself too . he eye the forest all around as the echo of he voice fade . chasten , he begin to sing again , quietly this time , under he breath . bobby there 's not a bonny bird that sing but mind I o' my Jean ... 134 ext . clearing - day 134 hector and Bobby have stop at a point of bare rock look out across the broad valley . they be building a pile of stone , a cairn . they work quietly , methodically . the only sound be of they breathe and the click - clack of the stone . we feel the echoe of we many previous hectors and they pile of stone , build for this or that purpose . we doom surveyor be act out the same ritual , this time in the name of science . they finish the cairn and erect they heavy tripod over it , and dangle a plumb line from the tripod . Bobby scratch the center point on the top stone of the cairn . they be establish a survey point . they talk as they work . when they anchor they tripod , the cold hard sound of they chisel striking rock echoes all through the forest . it unnerve they . they stop hammer and listen to the echo bouncing down the valley . hector sure this be a good idea . bobby let 's get out of here . they hastily dismantle the equipment and load up the horse , in a atmosphere of control panic . 135 ext . forest - day 135 they be travel together now , on either side of the horse 's nose , find comfort in the closeness of each other . they stop for Bobby to consult he compass . ( continued ) 111 . * 135 continued : 135 he indicate a slight change of direction , and they move off again . still they do not talk . we can feel they anxiety breeding in the silence . why do not they talk ? they proceed in this weighty silence , but even the cry of the bird now seem to mock they . the route take they downhill . the slope be more dense with undergrowth now and the go be not so easy . some - time they be reduce to a undignify scramble , hang onto the bulk of the horse between they . they no longer look much like conqueror of the wilderness . 136 ext . forest - day 136 they be on the valley floor now . the tree be more openly space and the grass be richer . they be move quickly but they have a hard time keep the horse on the trot . it have not see grass this good in week . 137 ext . forest - day 137 they be move more slowly , the ground be rockier and the tree be thicken . they take the easy way up the hillside , a natural path make by deer or bear . it be difficult to know who be more shake by they encounter , the indian or hector and Bobby . the indian be sit behind a tree as they pass , doze or deep in reverie . they almost pass without notice he , but hector give a turn of he head and there be the indian four foot from he . at the same instant the indian come to he sense and sit bolt upright . the encounter be high comedy but full of terror for all of they . the indian stand up . hector absurdly greet he . hector hi! hello ! the indian back off from they , hold he hand up and smile crazily , as if to say , " do not mind I , boy , I be just leave ... " hector and Bobby be equally silly in they response . hector hey , come back ... we be just move through ... do not apologize ... we all get a fright ... goodbye ... ( continued ) 112 . * 137 continued : 137 the indian be in full retreat now , wave he hand about apologetically , but make good distance from they . suddenly , he be go . it have happen so quickly that hector and Bobby scarcely believe it have happen . then they realize that in they fright they have let go of the horse . it have head back down to the tastier pasture in the valley . they see it disappear into the tree below they . bobby that be stupid ... hector do you see he ? bobby sure I see he . hector be he a delaware ? bobby how the fuck should I know ? he be a indian ... and Indians do not come in one ... hector yeah ... I think he be a indian too ... what about the horse ? bobby I be not go back down there . hector do not panic , Bobby ... bobby why not ? he run off into the forest . then he turn and shout to hector . bobby come on ! hector follow he , a mad race through the forest . 138 ext . forest - day 138 hector and Bobby be sit on a rock , gather they wit . it be odd how they talk so matter - of - factly . hector what do you see ? ( continued ) 113 . * 138 continued : 138 bobby same as you . hector a indian ... with long hair ... bobby that 's it ... kind of short ... hector yeah ... he wa sot tall ... bobby that 's the one . hector scan the hill above they . hector let 's get a bit further up . they move off . Bobby look at hector 's backpack . bobby what have you get in there ? hector some food , the logbook , my letter , a candle ... bobby a gun ? hector no . 139 ext . camp - day 139 they have stop to make camp . it be late afternoon , the sky just darken , sharp shadow on the far peak , a purple glow in the air . bobby we will not have a fire tonight . we should make a shelter though , in case it snow . hector what about bear , without a fire ? Bobby laugh quietly . bobby do not even think about bear , hector . 114 . * 140 ext . camp - night 140 they be make a round frame of bent branch and cover - ing it with foliage . half -hidden in the undergrowth , it be big enough for two man to huddle in . tonight they feel the most basic of urge , to curl up in a ball and hide . 141 int . camp - night 141 they be safe and snug in they hideaway . hector have light he candle . he be read he letter , hold they close to he eye in the dimness . he have the air of someone put he affair in order . Bobby be think aloud . bobby maybe he 's lose too ... on he own ... must be delaware ... they be chase up here year ago ... everybody think they would clear off west ... the other side of Ohio ... they be a angry lot ... no wonder ... they use to farm on the coast . he look up at hector , and allow himself a small smile . bobby go on , read it out ... hector look up . hector what ? no ... not tonight ... bobby I have have to listen to it every night since April ... why not now ? hector give in . he hold a scrap of paper close to the candle and read . hector dear , Father , I miss you . Three frog be dead . everybody miss you . bring I a bear 's head and claw and a gun . School be good . miss White have marry a fireman . come back soon . do not worry about the frog , they do not have name . Nathaniel . hector look up at Bobby . hector it 's not so funny now as it be . ( continued ) 115 . * 141 continued : 141 bobby it be not funny then . hector if you know he ... if you could picture he say it ... it would be funnier . bobby I have a father like you ... nine month on a whaler and then three week at home tell we all how much he miss we ... hector I be go home , for the winter ... Bobby do not pursue he argument . he tense , then sniff the air vigorously . bobby smell it ? hector no. bobby goddam it ... smell it ? hector sniff some more . hector tobacco ? they whisper . bobby where the hell be it come from ? he put he head out of the shelter . bobby I can not tell ... a night like this it could carry for mile ... he huddle back inside the shelter . bobby I wish I have a smoke . ( continued ) 116 . * 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 after a tense silence , hector take a small package from a inside pocket . he hand it to Bobby . hector I be save it ... you have it ... it be a wedge of tobacco . Bobby take it . bobby what do you mean , you be save it ? you know the rule ... no hoard , tobacco or food ... you have listen to I for a month , day and night ... want a smoke ... hector well have it now ... I do not smoke ... take it ... bobby you have keep it from I , and you do not even use it ... hector I be save it for my birthday ... I be go to give it to you then ... bobby I have to wait until you birthday for a smoke ? who be you ... the fuck king ? hector go on , smoke it ... have it now ... bobby I bloody will not ... I be not smoking on you command ... I bloody will not . there be a brood silence . bobby God , you poor child ... what do they have to do for a piece of candy in you house ? it 's very hard to like you sometimes ... d' you know that ? hector I know , Bobby ... but that 's how I feel about you , too ... that 's why we be friend ... we try hard ... come on ... smoke you pipe ... ( continued ) 117 . * 141 continued : ( 3 ) 141 hector be neatly turn the table on Bobby , who now appear churlish , childish . bobby no ... I will have it in the morning . hector come on ... tell I ... who would you rather be sit here with ... have a think ... Bobby do , and then break into a smile . bobby Daniel boone ? hector smile , too . hector yeah . he would be a help ... but after Daniel boone ... bobby I can not think of anyone else ... but you be impossible to like sometimes . suddenly Bobby grow shy of they grow intimacy . bobby we should sleep . we have get a lot of run to do in the morning . but hector have other plan . he be in control of they friendship now . hector no we be not ... we be go to talk ... all night ... Bobby yield to this with the softest , most vulnerable smile we have yet see on he face . hector so ... where do you want to start ? Bobby be silent , but still smile he acquiescent smile . hector read the silence well . hector I know where you want to start ... Bobby be still silent . hector alicia ... ( continued ) 118 . * 141 continued : ( 4 ) 141 Bobby 's smile break into a boyish laugh . bobby well ... what about alicia ? hector I be sorry ... bobby no ... I be sorry ... hector what do you mean , you be sorry ... I be the one that have to apologize ... Bobby be mischievous now . bobby oh no you be not ... it will be a worthwhile night for both of they . 142 ext . forest - dawn 142 it be a glorious dawn . Bobby sit look out on the valley , smoking he pipe . behind he hector be busy write in he log book . bobby be not it a beautiful day ? hector finish he write , tear out the page from he book . he offer it to Bobby . hector I have say who we be and where we be head . want to sign it , write anything ? bobby no. hector the peak we logge yesterday ... I have name it nathanial Mountain . after my boy ... be that fine with you ? bobby I be go to call it tobacco Mountain ... or mount alicia ... but Nathaniel 's fine ... ( continued ) 119 . * 142 continued : 142 hector smile . he put the paper in a small leather pouch , put the pouch on the ground near the shelter , and start to build a small pile of protective stone on top of it . Bobby stand , and turn to watch he . bobby let 's get away from here . hector North ? bobby yeah . keep the sun on we back . Bobby walk off with great cloud of tobacco smoke billow defiantly around he , as if to challenge they night - time tormentor . hector take a last look at they shelter and its little memorial cairn and then run to catch up with Bobby . 143 ext . forest - day 143 hector and Bobby look vulnerable as they walk through the open forest with they meager pack on they back . bobby we can move quick without the horse ... we just have to keep move ... we have to get away from here . behind they they do not see the figure move from the cover of one tree to another , and then another figure follow the first . they move like ghost . 144 ext . forest - day 144 Bobby be a few step ahead of hector . he dip down over a rise , and instantly return . he throw himself and hector to the ground . hector try to struggle free . hector what 's wrong ? bobby quiet . they be on the other side ... hector duck lower , hugging the ground . Bobby be already slide up the slope to look over the rise . hector follow he . ( continued ) 120 . 144 continued : 144 on the other side , they see the woman and child of a small group of Indians at the edge of a stream . the woman be wash clothes , the child be splash and play . we be close enough to hear they laughter . bobby we be right in the middle of they ... hector do it have to be bad ? they might be friendly ... bobby they be chase here ... they should be on the coast grow corn ... Bobby turn to hector to make he point . that be when he see the first of the figure , just the ghost of a shadow move from tree to rock . his eye flick across the forest behind they . he see another figure catch in the act of seek cover , look absurdly embarrassed for the fleeting moment that we see it . then Bobby see another . be they teasing they ? it look so much like a game child would play . bobby oh-oh ... * hector what 's wrong ? * bobby they be behind we . they must think we be stalking the woman ... hector look and see nothing . fifty Indians hold they breath . the forest seem empty . but hector look at Bobby . he be grey -face , a man who be look at death . hector know they be doom . bobby do you want to run ? hector I will do what you do . * they leap to they foot and run . there be only one way to go , over the rise , through the woman and child and across the stream . to the watch Indians it look like a direct attack on they family . from behind tree and rock they emerge and begin the chase . a tragedy of misunderstanding . ( continued ) 121. 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 hector and Bobby scatter the woman and child and splash across the stream , burn all they energy in * this mad life - or-death race . although they family be safe , the Indians keep up the chase , the moment of confusion compound in action . they lope easily after they , wait for the white man to tire . there be no * whoops or shout . they follow hector and Bobby into the tree , spread out on either side , shaping the human net that will soon engulf they . it be a menace spectacle . death be near . hector and Bobby stay close together as they run . bobby when they catch up ... fight ... it will be quick ... fight like hell ... hector they be not go to catch we . we be go home . hector stretch out a arm to Bobby . hector hold my hand , Bobby ... they hold hand and run . 145 ext . build - day 145 a war party of media people surround hector as he exit a yellow cab . he force he way through the yell crowd of reporter and camera crew . hector be try to make he way into a crumble apartment building in queen . policeman help hector through the barrage of * shout question . reporter # 1 do you know the lady , Mr. troup ? reporter # 2 think you will go to jail again ? cameraman look here for a second , will you , Mr. troup ? reporter # 1 will you talk to we when you come out ? ( continued ) 122. 145 continued : 145 hector enter the building . the media mob immediately switch off they energy . they light cigarettes , fiddle * with camera , stare into space , as if someone have shout " cut . " 146 int . build - day 146 hector climb to the fourth floor . a policeman go with he . two paramedics come up the stair behind they , carry a stretcher . the policeman stop . policeman you guy be downstairs ... third floor ... thirty -eight ... the paramedics turn around and head back down the stair . hector look at the policeman curiously . policeman you be forty -eight . they continue climb . 147 int . apartment - day 147 hector and the policeman squeeze past a cluster of people at the door and enter the apartment . policeman this be troup ! a detective be with another man who look like a city official . detective come here , troup . I be cobb . hector join they . detective you bring everything ? hector what ? detective Building warrant , license , fire certificate , sanitation certificate ... I want they all ... this be Mr. santiago , from the city ... insurance ... ( continued ) 123. 147 continued : 147 hector this be not really my building ... it 's my partner 's ... I just take the call and come right over ... I have to leave town in a hour * or so anyway ... detective slow down , troup ... so it 's 3:15 on a Friday ... you be stay here ' till Mr. santiago get the paperwork ... get you partner over here , with everything ... this be serious ... hector look at he watch . hector 3:35 ... mr. santiago I might have to close the place down . hector where be she ? the detective and hector walk down the hall . they stop at the door of the bathroom . hector look inside . there be a large rag hole in the floor . at the far side of it the toilet unit dangle at a dangerous angle into the hole , hold only by its plumbing . firemen be work to secure it and what be leave of the floor with metal prop and hydraulic jack . lying on the floor below , surround by rubble , and be attend by the paramedics , be a old lady , mrs . philippopolis . she try to sit up when she see hector peer at she over the rim of the hole . she look angry . mr. philippopolis I phone you Monday ... I tell you the floor be make noise ... hector not I , Mrs. philippopolis ... my ex-partner ... I think you speak * to he ... how be you feel ? hector say this clearly , for the benefit of the detective and Mr. santiago . the detecitve be unimpress . detective come back from there , troup , the floor 's still move ... ( continued ) 124 . * 147 continued : ( 2 ) 147 hector I will make a couple of call ... I will straighten it out ... be she bad ? why do not they move she ? detective they wait for a portable X - Ray machine ... they can move she now . hector she seem in good spirit ... as if in response , Mrs. philippopolis shout up to hector as she see he leave the bathroom above she . mrs . philippopolis wait ' till my son see he mother lie here like this ... he 's gonna sue you ... you be a lousy landlord ... you should be ashamed ... to let old people live like this ... I phone you Monday ... I have a witness ! I be dance with a prince on my eighteenth birthday , and now look at I ... you have I fall down a toilet ! 148 int . build - day 148 hector retreat into the hallway . take out he mobile phone and dial , while watch the ominous Mr. santiago make copius note in he book . hector get connect . hector boris ... why do you do this to I ? get down here now ... they want all kind of certificate ... they will not let I leave the building ... I have my kid tonight , I have not see they in four year ... I do tell you , I have be talk about it all week ... how come they phone I , this be not my building ? what ? do not tell I anymore ... I want you here , now ... and on you knee ... I will phone the lawyer ... but you move . my weekend 's ruin before it 's start . hector quickly dial another number . ( continued ) 125 . 148 continued : 148 hector Anna ... thank God ... you have to help I ... I be still in queen ... * I have get cop here and everything * ... I need you car ... I do not have time to pick up the rental now ... they will not let I leave the building ... you come down here ... and put my bag in the car ... no .. * I have to pick the kid up by six , otherwise I fuck up she weekend too ... she will kill I ... this be a emergency ... what can I say ? please ... right ... okay ... he finish the call just as santiago approach , wave he notebook now full of incriminate note . santiago it look like water rotted the floor ... you have any plumbing maintenance record ? hector at the office ... I might have some bill ... it 's not my building . * santiago be talk almost to himself now , absorb in the mundane mechanic of hector 's building . santiago it 's a weird one ... I do not know how water could sit in there for so long without somebody notice ... you do not use water - resistent paint on the ceiling do you ? hector shake he head wearily . hector I do not really know ... santiago you be go to have to check out * the whole building ... you know that , do not you ? hector can I do it Monday ? santiago good joke ... it will take you a month . ( continued ) 126 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 hector be already dial another number as santiago wander off in search of further fascinating discovery . hector can I speak with Leonard , please ... Mr. deutsch ? my name be hector troup , borlonski and troup , Real estate ... there be a moment 's pause . hector Leonard ... it 's hector ... borlonski and troup ... yes ... listen , we have have a domestic accident at we eighth Street building ... a floor * ... and a old lady ... she do mention the word sue , but it might have be hysterics ... what I need to know be what certificate you have on file for the building ... I * know it 's Friday ... just do one * thing ... let I know if the insurance be current ... I need to know that ... I be on my mobile ... anything you have ... before five ... thank you ... during the call hector have walk down the hall and back to the hole in the floor . he see Mrs. philippopolis , now strapped in a stretcher , be carry out of the room below . at the sight of he , she try to sit up , strain on she strap . mrs . philippopolis my son 's downstairs ... when he see I like this he will kill you ... go on ... jump through the hole ... see what it feel like ! break both leg ! hector be almost tempt to do what she say . 149 int . build - another angle - day 149 hector be follow the paramedics as they negotiate Mrs. philippopolis down the three flight of stair . he be on the phone again . this time to he former wife . ( continued ) 127 . 149 continued : 149 hector I will be on the way in thirty minute at the outside ... I can not say ... queen to New Jersey , on a Friday ... what do you think ? I will be there ... it 's important to I too , I have be try to put this weekend together for year ... I will be there ... I will not take it out on the kid , I can walk away from problem ... as soon as I get the car ... I will be there ... all the while Mrs. philippopolis issue a non-stop * torrent of Greek expletive -- calmly and in a consider * tone , but obviously obscene . hector be shocked . * 150 ext . build - day 150 on a street hector stand with a policeman watch * Mrs. philippopolis be load into the ambulance . her son be with she . when she be safely inside he walk towards hector . fortunately he be of modest build , and a head short than hector , and he seem to be save he wrath for the courthouse . son Mr. troup , I be George philippopolis . they shake hand . hector I be sorry about you mother ... son well ... it 's happen ... you want to travel with we , or do you have a car ? hector what ? son to the hospital ... hector well , I be not plan to ... son you be not make a visit to the hospital ? ( continued ) 128. 150 continued : 150 hector I have talk to you mother , give she my best wish ... she want she family with she now ... any other Friday but this one . the Son address the policeman . son he 's not come to the hospital ... the policeman look at hector . policeman that could look bad ... the cop be enjoy he role as straight man to this two . hector take out he diary . hector look , George ... here 's what I can do ... I will visit she on Tuesday , I will organize some flower ... lot ... * son screw the flower ... who 's gonna check she into the hospital ... who 's gonna pay ? it 's you building that fall down ... * he nod he head to the policeman . hector they will not let I leave here ... the policeman this time back he up . policeman that 's true . the Son back off to the wait ambulance reluctantly . son wait ' till they hear this in court * ... he would not even make a trip * to the hospital ... can not you even * give I a credit card number ? * 151 ext . build - another angle - day 151 the ambulance drive off just as boris arrive . hector run to the car . ( continued ) 129 . * 151 continued : 151 hector it 's never be this bad , boris . deutsch be check the insurance ... do you bring the rest ? boris yeah ... we be cover for most thing ... the license be current , the inspection certificate be okay ... hector what 's with the we ... it 's you problem . boris how be she ? hector she 's a witch ... she bone must be make of steel ... she do not break a thing ... it might help if you make a visit to the hospital ... why do you do this to I ? boris I be sorry , hector ... I just put you name on the lousy form ... I do not plan this ... I just borrow you name on the title . hector do not let up on he anger . hector I tell you to stop do that ... why do this keep happen to I ... my name be mine ... use you own name , boris borlonski ... will you remember that ? boris borlonski ! boris be conciliatory . boris hector ... forgive I ... I will take care of it ... do not let it spoil you weekend ... four year , huh ? you make the most of it ... and do not worry , you will walk away from this ... I be sorry ... hector be calm now . we can sense real depth in they relationship , despite boris 's prank . ( continued ) 130 . * 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 hector yeah , I be sorry too ... you have to get out of this business ... I think I have ... boris go on ... have a great weekend ... I will talk to you on Monday ... we will straighten everything out ... hector this be the worst it 's be . boris everything can be fix ... always . then hector 's girl friend anna arrive in she car . it be a bright pink station wagon , highly decorate with flower motif and slogan like " anna's arrangement , " and " fresh or dry , we'll please the eye . " Anna be a florist . hector brighten when he see she . everything be fall into place . all he have to do now be cross two river and manhatan Island in under a hour , in Anna 's pink car . he run to meet she . anna get in ... you can dropp I at the shop . hector get into the car , smile broadly . 152 int . car - day 152 Anna drive skilfully through the busy Friday street . hector you bring my bag ? anna yeah . you camera 's in there too . take some photograph of the kid ... hector sure . thanks . anna nervous ? ( continued ) 131 . * 152 continued : 152 hector not much ... just like I be be execute ... anna well you deserve to suffer . we hectors have be hearing this for century , but at least Anna smile when she say it . anna do not worry ... this be the beginning of something ... not the end ... you can start be a father again . hector I be glad you talk I into it . anna I do not do much ... you be ready ... hector you be right ... you be absolutely right ... I be ready ... I be ready , for everything ... I be fix all that shit with boris ... I tell he ... it can not go on ... I want my freedom . Anna be look at he amusedly , nodd she head with every earnest pronouncement that he make . hector ... and the kid ... that will work out ... we can have they over sometimes ... yeah ? anna sure ... that be the plan ... when we have the space ... hector right , when we have the space ... when we get the bigger apartment ... together ... anna there you go ... you say it ... the bigger apartment together ... hector be pleased with himself . ( continued ) 132 . 152 continued : ( 2 ) 152 hector yeah ... I say it , do not I ? anna you be a man of decision , hector ... hector be high on he optimism now , and cheeky with it . hector yes I be ... together ... I say it ... and get out of my car at the corner here ... I do not have the time to go 'round the block . Anna pull into the curb . hector lean over to embrace she before she have stop the car . hector thanks ... for the car ... everything ... anna do the best you can with they , hector ... and one more thing ... deliver this ... she indicate a massive bouquet of flower wrap in cellophane , take up the whole of the luggage space in the car . hector what ? Anna , I can not ... anna here 's the address ... just two block before the bridge ... a five minute detour . it 's a golden wedding ... you have to ... she look he straight in the eye . anna we have to help each other ... hector accept this . anna oh , you will need gas too ... go to it , hector ... she kiss he quickly , but lovingly . ( continued ) 133 . * 152 continued : ( 3 ) 152 anna phone if there 's any disaster ... do not suffer alone ... hector watch Anna stride , in she business - like way , around the corner out of sight . he be almost home . 153 int . / ext . car - day 153 a trip from queen to New Jersey at five o'clock on a Friday afternoon be go to look like a dream sequence whatever you do with it , and that 's fine . hector 's trip to he child have more meaning for we than a simple journey from a to B . we will be aware of we other hectors , and the journey home that they do or do not manage to make . this car trip will pull the thread together . and after so many image of the natural world , a world little alter by man , the panoramic shot of New York in all its mad glory will place we hector in a new dimen - sion . if there be a breathtaking moment in this film , when everything come together , when all the piece fit , then it will be somewhere around here that it happen . six thousand year ago we leave hector on a beach , aching for he family . if the traffic allow , tonight in New Jersey hector will complete he journey . we will go with hector over the bridge , across the avenue of Manhattan and through the tunnel . his phone ring once . hector hello ... Leonard , hello ... yes ... we be insure ... thank God ... yes now I know God 's a lawyer ... thanks ... on the outskirt of Jersey City he find the suburban street he be look for . if the last crosslight hold on green then he might even make it on time . hector stop the car outside Janet 's house and let out a sigh of relief . 154 ext . house - evening 154 hector 's former wife , janet , and she new husband , donald , come out of the house as hector walk up to the door . Donald be carry luggage and head straight for they car in the driveway . ( continued ) 134 . 154 continued : 154 donald hi , hector . he start load up the car . Janet talk to hector . janet you make it . the kid be just come . they be not over the moon about go to the beach house . I ought to warn you . hector why do not you say ? I could have fix up something else . I think it would be a good place to get to know they again ... janet well , I figure you should be * allow to make you own mistake . it 's only for a couple of night , they can take it ... and you will learn ... check into a hotel if it get too much ... they like hotel . she shout into the house . janet come on , you two ... you father 's ready to go ... she hand hector a piece of paper . janet this be where we will be , if anything crop up ... thanks for the break ... hector get a little scared about what he have take on . hector maybe this be a bit sudden for they ... maybe I should have come over a couple of night and get to know they ... Janet do not let he off the hook . janet by Monday , you will know they ... then the child come out of the house , betsy , who be about thirteen , and tom , who be eleven . ( continued ) 135 . * 154 continued : ( 2 ) 154 janet here he be , the invisible dad . she turn to hector . janet that 's what they call you . hector be daunt by how grow up they be , not any more the little kid in the photograph in he wallet . hector hi . they hardly lift they head to he . betsy hi. tom hi. Janet take control of the farewell . janet you three have a good weekend . if it 's too miserable at the house you father say he will take you to a hotel . hector nod he head obediently . he always do with Janet . the child let they mother pat they and follow hector to he car , eye to the ground . janet good luck , hector . Donald shout from behind the wheel of he car , where he have be hide . donald see you Monday , hector . the kid load themselves into the back of hector 's car . betsy notice the huge arrangement of flower , wrap in cellophane and red ribbon . it seem to have grow even larger than before . betsy be that for mom ? hector look at the flower . his face contort in guilt and anxiety . ( continued ) 136 . * 154 continued : ( 3 ) 154 hector oh no ... Jesus save I ... what have I do ... betsy what 's wrong ? he pick up he mobile phone and be about to dial Anna 's number , then he stop . hector no ... I can not face it , not just now ... he look at the kid . hector let 's go . 155 int . / ext . car - dusk 155 they be drive on the freeway . it be dusk . hector be on the telephone again . he can not let go of business . hector Excuse I , kid ... I have to consult the oracle ... he get connect . hector hello ... God ? no , Leonard , it 's hector ... just a joke ... sorry to phone you at home , do boris call you ? the insurance be fine ? good ... but she could claim negligence ... oh , she 's get a lawyer already ? that 's a bad omen ... betsy and Tom be listen in the back seat , eager for clue about this virtual stranger in front of they . hector be there anything we can do right now ... make she a offer ... sure , with the insurance company ... sure ... you be right ... I , too ... I have the kid in the car with I right now ... sorry to bother you ... ' bye ... ( continued ) 137 . 155 continued : 155 hector throw the phone onto the passenger seat , let out a sigh , and catch sight of the kid in the mirror . they perplex expression make they look young than they be , and vulnerable . hector 's heart aches for they . he smile and put on a act of brightness . hector that 's it ! the last call ... the weekend start right now ... we have thing to do ... look out for a safeway ... we need some supplies ... and gas ... oh my God , gas ... soon ... they return he look with blank expression . he pick up the phone and offer it to they . hector want to make any call ? betsy ? she shake she head . hector Tom ? tom no ... and it 's Thomas ... hector but we call you Tom ... that 's what it say on you birth certificate ... thomas ( tom ) I change it . hector wisely let it go . hector right ... it 's you name ... you * can do that ... safeway ... keep you * eye skinned ... and I could murder * a Chicken mcnugget . * 156 int . safeway - night 156 hector be push a cart around a large safeway . the place be almost desert . betsy and Thomas be tagging along . ( continued ) 138. 156 continued : 156 for every four item hector put in he cart betsy remove three and return they to the shelf . hector notice and put up with it for a while . but when betsy return the roll of kitchen towel he have select he make a stand . he turn to face she . hector what 's wrong with that ? it 's a kitchen roll ... why can not I pick a kitchen roll ? betsy be defiant . betsy it 's bleach ... and it be not recycle ... you do not care ... you just buy junk ... she pick up a more friendly brand of kitchen towel from the shelf and throw it into the cart . hector have the sense to back down . hector good point , betsy ... betsy keep on the attack . betsy everything you buy be junk ... I do not eat steak ... and what 's this ... she prod a packet of freeze hamburger . betsy ugh ! why do not you ask we what we like ... it will save you money ... you buy junk , we will not eat it ... a trace of girlish common sense have creep into she voice . hector warm to she . hector you be right . hector push the cart to she . hector well , get to it ... I will just tag along ... betsy move off with the cart . betsy I do it every week anyway . ( continued ) 139 . 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 Thomas back she up . thomas she do . she tell we what to eat . we let she . hector follow they up the aisle . hector can I just keep a couple of that steak ? we can not live on chicken . * 157 ext . gas station - night 157 hector be fill up the car in a gas station close to the safeway . a attractive woman be fill she car in the next line . her eye and hector 's meet . for some reason they exchange the smallest smile . for a few brief moment they be talk without word as they tank fill . the ten billionth romance in the history of the planet spark into life and fizzle out again in the twinkle of a eye . by the time they credit card be back in they pocket they love be a memory . from the back of the car the kid have watch it all . betsy give hector a wither look of disapproval as he climb back into the car . 158 int . / ext . car - night 158 back on the road , it be later . the kid have fall asleep . hector relax . he watch they in they sleep , search for some trace of the little child that have haunt he thought for so many year , the tot he abandon . 159 ext . holiday house - night 159 the car pull up at the holiday house . hector get out . it be dark , but we can hear the sound of the sea and there be sand underfoot . hector walk to the house and unlock the door . he put on a couple of exterior light . he carry Thomas , still sleep , from the car and into the house . betsy follow he , still half - asleep , groan fussily . she talk through she yawn . betsy be you go to bring the flower in ? hector do not mention the flower . 140 . * 160 int . house - night 160 later , hector can not sleep . it have be too eventful a day . he sit bleary - eye watch a late- night tv show . a man sit cross -legge on a studio floor and be talk to a phone - in viewer . the tv man have five small stone which he regularly scatter on the floor . tv man ( v.o. ) this be good , tony , the stone be talk to I already ... now here 's something ... travel ... movement ... tony , be you plan a move ... travel ... anything ? tony ( v.o. ) yes I be ... I have be think about a move to California ... tv man ( v.o. ) the big one , eh , tony ? this stone be really talk here ... what be you plan for yourself in California ? tony ( v.o. ) I be hope for a act career , mel ... tv man ( v.o. ) tony , this stone really like what you be plan ... there be no doubt in my mind about that ... now listen ... you have to be specific ... this stone really want to tell you something , be it love , money or the purpose of you life ... but I want a specific question from you ... think about it ... what do you want to know ... love ... or you income level next year ? be as specific as you can , tony ... perhaps this might have enthralled one of we earlier hectors , but we modern one be simply restless . he stand up and leave the room . 161 int . house - night 161 next door , he watch the kid sleep in they little holiday bed . hector watch they . we have see we hectors do this before , and we feel the echo . but as he turn to leave the room hector get a fright . ( continued ) 141 . * 161 continued : 161 betsy start talk loudly . at first hector think she be awake , give he into trouble , but she be fast asleep . betsy get I the book ... all the book ... all of the book ... no , no , no ... not the pancake ... not the pancake ... no ... she change in a instant from a bossy adolescent to a tearful , crumpled little girl . she sob pitifully . betsy ... not the pancake ... hector be a confusion of feeling : frighten , fascinate , impotent . how can he help she ? how could he possibly unravel the secret of the pancake , what comfort could he offer he stranger daughter if he do ? it be a spooky , mystical moment for hector , more mystical than the mumbo-jumbo still issue from the tv next door . tv woman ( v.o. ) ... find you true cosmic partner first time around ... every weekday morning at three here on the psychic Network ... lucinda 's horoscope date show ... remember there be a answer , and there be a special partner out there for you ... hector move quietly out of the room , betsy 's sob have subside . just as he be close the door he get another surprise , this time from the sleep Thomas . thomas ... do not let the oil run out ... yes you do ... watch the oil ... why ... why ? hector close the bedroom door . he be one spook , move human be . 162 int . house - morning 162 in the morning , they be make breakfast in the kitchen . the kid be have juice and cereal . hector be scramble some egg . hector how about some egg ? they shake they head . ( continued ) 142 . * 162 continued : 162 hector you do not eat egg ? betsy how many have you get in there ? hector Three . be that all right ? betsy for a week , maybe . hector do a little probing . hector how about pancake , betsy ... d' you like pancake ? betsy not much ... why ? hector I just wonder . pancake do not mean much to you ? betsy they do not mean a thing . why ? hector nothing . the mystery of betsy 's pancake dream be evidently lose in infinity . hector change the subject . hector I think we could walk into town this morning . I see the funfair when we come through last night . thomas we do not go to funfair . hector let 's take the walk anyway . thomas I bring some book . I want to stay home and read . hector be determine to make it work . hector no . we be take a walk . 143. 163 int . hallway - day 163 they be prepare to leave the house . Thomas be still reluctant to go . thomas it 's go to rain ... we should stay . hector here 's a umbrella ... and there must be some old coat in here ... and shoe ... I only have this I be wear ... thomas Donald have some shoe ... Thomas be already in the cupboard under the stair . he emerge with a pair of sturdy walk shoe . hector I do not know if I want to wear Donald 's shoe . thomas why not ? hector decline to explain the complex reason that he might have for not want to wear the shoe of he child 's replacement father . he sit down on the * stair to put they on . then something on the wall catch he eye . hector wow . look at this . the kid ' height have be mark on the wall on some long - ago holiday . the date be beside they . hector six year ago . look at that ... what 's this ? he point to a mark and a date lower down on the wall . thomas that be the flood . the sea come right up . Donald say it 's the icecap melting . it 's go to get worse . that 's why Mom 's sell the place . ( continued ) 144 . 163 continued : 163 hector it come up every year ? betsy the last two . 164 ext . beach - day 164 they be on the beach , walk in the direction of town . hector stride ahead in a show of enthusiasm , although awkward in Donald 's big shoe . the kid trail behind . he call back to they . hector where be the bird ? be it the wrong time of year ? betsy they do not come over so much . the shellfish have go ... that 's what ... hector that 's what Donald say ? betsy yes ... and it happen to be true . hector look at the sky . he speak quietly to himself . hector please do not rain ... please ... 165 ext . funfair - day 165 the light drizzle now fall be keep away what few * fun - seeker there be leave in town . the funfair be not much fun . it be the end of the season . hector and the * kid be a sorry sight parade the empty alley . the kid seem to glory in the misery of it all , get back at hector for four year of neglect . heavy -heart , hector still try to make a go of it . hector let 's have a ride ... he have stop at some date space rocket . betsy the seat be wet . hector triumph . he pull a wad of kitchen roll from he pocket and start to wipe the seat . ( continued ) 145 . 165 continued : 165 hector Kitchen roll , unbleach , re-cycle , biodegradable ... dry seat ... betsy have the grace to smile as the three of they climb aboard the rocket . as the attendant release the brake and crank they up into the drizzle , 'round and 'round , hector know that he have to do something to break the awful distance between he and he kid . he look at they . they sit grimly in they rocket , one in front of he and one behind . they face be set in expression of what ? boredom ? resignation ? patience ? expectancy ? then he realize what be go on . they be wait for he to open up to they , talk to they seriously , explain himself . he look at betsy 's face and see in it the year of he absence , she stoicism , she patience , she courage . it move he . he lean over to she . hector this be ridiculous . let 's go somewhere and talk . betsy smile she small patient smile . betsy all right , if you want to ... hector look to Thomas . Thomas vigorously nod he agreement . hector be happier . he look down on the decrepit fairground . hector how do we land this thing ? 166 int . coffee shop - day 166 the only place the small town have to offer be a desert coffee shop on the shorefront . hector , betsy and Thomas sit at a corner table , beyond they through the window be the beach and the ocean . hector sure you will not have a pancake , * betsy ? * betsy get impatient . * betsy * no ! * ( continued ) 146 . 166 continued : 166 hector okay , first question ? * the kid be ready for this . there be no coyness now . thomas where have you be ? betsy what he mean be why do you stay away ? hector begin like a story - teller embark on a long saga . hector well , that 's a fair question ... you mother and I get divorced ... you be big enough to remember ... she must have tell you all that ? betsy sure she have ... but lot of people get divorced ... that do not mean they disappear ... hector you be right ... what can I tell you ... I go kind of crazy after that , for a good while ... I come around a few time ... remember ? thomas not really . hector well , it be not easy ... everything with she and Donald happen pretty quickly . I miss you both really badly ... but for a while I think I should stay away , until you mother get settle ... no , that 's not really true ... I miss you ... but I be kind of crazy at the same time ... you mother and I marry young ... I be not use to the freedom ... it go to my head ... then you move to New Jersey . ( continued ) 147 . 166 continued : ( 2 ) 166 betsy it 's forty minute away on a slow bus ... hector you be right , you be right . I do not have too many excuse for the first year ... the second year be easier ... I be in jail . hector be pleased with this . a solid excuse . thomas what for ? hector we be do government work , big contract ... there be some temptation ... my boss ask I to shuffle a few papers ... there be a lot of money in it ... I have to testify against he ... it be like kill somebody . hector think about this , remember the pain . for we there be the echo of the real kill that be do long ago . betsy Thomas want to visit you in jail , but Mom would not let he . * hector look at Thomas . hector you do ? Thomas nod proudly . hector well I appreciate that ... but I be glad you mother do not let you . I will tell you all about it some day . it be no fun . one year and eight month . thomas we do not even know when you get out . ( continued ) 148. 166 continued : ( 3 ) 166 hector I be not in great shape ... I sure do not want you to see I then ... so I get back to work ... in real estate ... find a partner , we meet * in jail ... * the kid look shocked at this . * hector * no . he 's a good man , a good man . * I like he . I mean it . he 's my * friend . * betsy that 's what you do now ? hector yes . we rent apartment ... but we want to get into commercial property ... people be a nuisance ... do that sound bad ? betsy shrug she shoulder . betsy how should I know ? hector carry on with he story . hector just recently I have be feel good , thing have be go well ... and I miss you two ... so here we be ... betsy what about you girl friend ? hector who tell you about she ? betsy nobody . hector Anna ... she 's nice ... she want to meet you , real soon ... she sell flower ... well , you know that ... and on Monday she 's probably go to kill I ... the kid smile . ( continued ) 149 . 166 continued : ( 4 ) 166 thomas betsy think that be she at the gas station ... betsy shut up , Tom ... hector have to think to remember . hector no ... heck ... no ... do you think she be follow we ? thomas she 's always think up storey like that ... she never stop ... betsy well , if people do not tell you thing ... hector she 's right , Thomas ... people should talk more . thomas so you have not be stay away because of we ? hector what do you mean ? be that what you think ? I be avoid you two ? no ... you must not think that ... that 's terrible ... they have almost exhaust themselves in this first bout of talk . hector look out at the sea . hector the rain 's off . let 's go . 167 ext . beach - day 167 betsy and hector be sit on the sea wall , watch Thomas play on the beach . the sun be emerge . betsy I have to ask you something else . hector go on . ( continued ) 150 . 167 continued : 167 betsy why do you leave just two day before my swim test ? hector be move by the depth of she memory , she pain . hector I do not leave because it be two day before you test ... it be just what you mother and I decide ... I teach you how to swim ... we go to the pool twice a week ... why would I leave ? betsy I know ... that 's what I mean ... why do you leave just then ? hector look at betsy . she be beginning to cry silently . he put a tentative arm around she shoulder . hector oh , God , betsy . I be sorry . betsy be still cry . betsy it do not matter . hector how do you do , in the test ? betsy I pass . hector leave he limp arm on she shoulder . it be too * soon for gesture of emotion . after a long moment she speak . betsy I be a life -saver now . hector do not make the obvious comment . his emotion be full . he hide he feeling in a gruff call to Thomas . hector hey , Thomas ! we be go home ... we be have a barbecue ... betsy say she will even let I eat a steak ! betsy * hurry up , Tom ! * ( continued ) 151 . * 167 continued : ( 2 ) 167 Thomas break off from he play and run towards they . hector do not call he Tom , he do not like it . betsy I be allow . somehow hector be touch by this . hector you mother say it , when we split up ... do not lose the child ... do not mean much at the time . but she be right . betsy who say I would let you eat a steak ? there be a silence . then hector speak . hector betsy . on Monday will you come with I when I take the flower back to Anna ? I can not face she alone . she want to meet you anyway . betsy sure . hector you will be there , right beside I ? betsy I would have to take the morning off school . hector be that bad ? betsy no , that could be good ... betsy and hector be quite close now . hector just tell they you be with you invisible dad . 152 . * 168 ext . beach - day 168 hector and betsy be walk on the shore . Thomas tag along behind they . betsy what 's she like ? how do you meet she ? hector the funny thing be I fall in love with she before I ever see she ... I smell she ... it be the day I get out of jail ... I be on the train and she be sit behind I ... it be just this incredible perfume ... remember I would be inside for nearly two year with four hundred sweat male ... she get off the train and I follow she ... I could not help it ... that 's how good she be ... she listen to a bum who follow she off a train ... betsy look at he kindly . hector ... but she 's still go to kill I on Monday ... they share a laugh . betsy look out to the ocean . betsy I think I will paint the sunset tonight . hector it 's just like a big pancake up there , be not it ? betsy do not take the bait . there be a silence . hector I remember when you two be tiny .. I use to watch you sleep ... it be like now ... I feel close to you , could touch you ... but you be not there ... you be go ... dreamland ... just when I be close to you , you be not there ... I feel it last night , too . betsy that 's what it 's like ... you should know that . ( continued ) 153 . * 168 continued : 168 hector I be not smart about thing like that , usually . betsy do not be so tough on yourself . you seem to want to be ... you do not have to ... hector no ? betsy no ... we can do that ... she smile . hector be out of he depth with this daughter of he . hector be that a joke ? betsy no , I mean it ... look out for yourself ... hector look at she in wonderment . one of that moment when another human be stand before you and be a utter mystery . hector who be you ? who 's inside there ? betsy you will never know . future generation of woman be go to be just as unknowable to we hectors as past one be . betsy move off briskly along the beach . hector trail after she , hook . 169 ext . boat - day 169 betsy and Thomas be in a small fragile rowboat , some distance from the shore . they be watch hector who be collect a pile of large stone on the beach . another hector and another pile of stone . this one be make a fire for the barbecue . this human ritual never stop . betsy I think he be taller . ( continued ) 154 . 169 continued : 169 thomas well , it 's be a while ... you be bigger . betsy I suppose so . he 's get fat , too . I bet I could beat he at the breast-stroke now . 170 ext . beach - day 170 hector turn from he work . out at sea the kid look small and vulnerable . hector be more anxious than he should be , out of practice at fatherhood . he call to they . hector come on in , kid ... that boat do not look too safe ... they call back to he . betsy we be fine ! hector try to relax , but he do not have the confidence yet , or something . he be edgy . hector I have just find you ... I do not want to lose you . what would I tell you mother ... come on in ... he walk down to the water . the kid reluctantly pull on the oar and bring the little boat in . a few foot from the beach they hit some sand . the boat stick . hector wade out in he shoe so far . then he call to Thomas . hector throw I the rope , Thomas , I will pull you in . Thomas throw the moor rope to hector . it be not attach to the boat . hector end up with all of the rope in he hand . he stand there , and they all laugh . hector this be one useless piece of rope , Thomas ... just for a moment we have the image of we hector stand on the shoreline with a length of rope . a image with a echo from six thousand year ago . but this time hector be laugh , and he kid be safe . 155 . * 171 ext . beach - sunset 171 at the very moment of sunset betsy be try to capture it in a watercolor sketch . she have set up a easel on the beach . it 's like action painting . she work frantically on the picture , racing the sun as it dip into the ocean . tough little betsy can even lose patience with the sun . betsy why do it always go so fast ...? Thomas be laugh at she . he have see she attempt this before . hector have other concern . he be try to light he barbecue . Match after match disappear into he elaborate stone structure , only to fizzle out . the sun finally vanish , and betsy go limp at she easel . the sun have win the race again . she and Thomas watch hector try to light the fire . after a while he be conscious of they amused attention on he , then he become a little self - conscious . hector I use to know how to do this ... they laugh a little . hector I do ... I use to be really good at this ... he waft and blow ineffectually at a flicker of flame . there 's not much of the caveman about he now . 172 ext . beach - dusk 172 it be a calm dusk . hector be turn the meat on the barbecue . he be in a splendid frame of mind . hector ah ... smell it ... the smell of civilization ... scorched meat ... hector serve the chicken onto they plate . he sit down beside they with he steak , and a glass of wine . he watch Thomas attack he chicken , and smile . hector I would forget that ... how you eat ... dedicated ... like it 's you religion ! thomas thing I like . ( continued ) 156 . 172 continued : 172 hector you use to hum to yourself too , when you eat ... like everything be fine with the world . Thomas try it out , eat and hum . it feel good to he . his head nod with the chew and the tune . thomas hey , so I do ... I would forget about that ... the early star be appear in the sky . hector lift he eye to a bright point low on the horizon . hector there she be ... old mercury ... thomas no ... mercury do not rise ' till after midnight ... that 's Jupiter ... hector be impressed by he son . hector I would forget ... we use to watch * the star ... you could tell I the * name of all the planet ... you * could recite they like a poem ... remember ... at the tiny window upstairs in the old house ? thomas no. hector oh well , not to worry . I be glad you still like astronomy though . thomas I be not into star-gazing so much ... we be work on computer modell ... we be try to make a biosphere ... hector uh-huh ? thomas a self -sustain life system ... for inter-stellar travel . but we always get a methane build up , it do not matter what we do ... ( continued ) 157 . * 172 continued : ( 2 ) 172 hector this be at school ? thomas yeah . we be make such a mess of the world , one day we be go to have to take off for somewhere else ... hector sound like Donald say that ... hector realize how far he kid have travel from he . he look at they . hector well , I be glad you two be think about the old planet . I be proud of you . look how beautiful everything be . sometimes I think it 's people that make it all wrong ... we walk around with all we problem ... betsy chime in . betsy I do not know . if it be not for we there would be nobody around to see it all . hector stand to fetch another baked potato from the fire . we see the three of they in a wide shot , the evening sky now pulsing with more and more point of light . hector 's voice and laughter carry to we . hector do not worry , you two ... I will tell you ... it 's just a big , black sheet up there with hole in it so the light come through ... that 's the truth ... the very latest ... hector have come to rest , and find peace at last , however temporary , here on the beach , beneath the same star that we first hector wail at six thousand year ago . on Monday he will face the music . the kid will go back home , Mrs. philippopolis will have to be deal with , and the wilting three hundred dollar bouquet of flower . in general , life will take over , on Monday . but at this moment of calm on the beach , let 's leave he while he 's ahead . ( continued ) 158 . 172 continued : ( 3 ) 172 they voice ring out playfully across the expanse of darken beach and light - laden sky . betsy wait a minute ... I know ... the whole universe be inside a speck of dust that 's lie in a ball of fluff in the cuff of a pair of pants hang over the back of a chair ... hector no ... I will tell you ... the whole thing ... star and everything ... be sit on the skin of a bubble of milk in a bowl of cornflake ... and somebody 's just about to eat it ... the three of they be laugh now . betsy skim milk ... thomas you do not get bubbles in skimm milk ... hector okay ... it 's half - and-half ... perhaps that 's just about as close as hector and he * tribe of human will ever come to work it all out . but they try . * betsy I have get a better one ... we be all inside a speck of pollen that 's stick to the wing of a bee while it sit on a flower ... hector do not mention flower , betsy ... please , not tonight . and then , after a long , long pause . * hector * I have a idea , betsy ... we be * inside a pancake ... what d' you * think ? * ( continued ) 159 . 172 continued : ( 4 ) 172 betsy * why be you always talk about * pancake ... what 's wrong with you ? * thomas * you have get pancake on the brain . * fade out . the end