be JOHN malkovich a screenplay by Charlie Kaufman int . cheerless room - day the room be bare , dusty . a ceiling fan turn . the wall clock tick . Craig , 30 year old and small , sit at a collapsible card table . the only item on the table be a book . Craig pick it up , look at the jacket . it 's entitle " sit . " Craig open the book . it read : " sit sit sit sit sit ... " over and over , page after page . Craig close the book . he begin to stand , but think better of it , sigh . he look at the book again . it be now entitle " die . " he open it up . " die die die die die ... " a rooster crow . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - morning Craig jolt awake . a rooster stand on Craig 's chest , crow . Lotte , also 30 , in the middle of dress for work , hurry in and pull the bird from Craig 's chest . lotte sorry , hon . I do not know orrin hatch be out of he pen . good morning . Lotte lean down and kiss Craig on the forehead . craig Morning . lotte gotta run . shipment of grub worm come in first thing . craig enjoy . lotte Craig , listen , honey , I have be think ... maybe you would feel better if you get , you know , a job or something . craig we have be over this . nobody 's look for a puppeteer in today 's wintry economic climate . lotte well , you know , maybe something else until this whole puppet thing turn around . craig ( bitterly ) the great mantini do not need a day job . lotte ( sigh ) Craig , everyone can not be derek mantini . ( beat ) well , grub worm be wait . do I a favor ? craig what ? lotte would you check in on elijah ? he seem to be a little under the weather this morning . craig which one be elijah again ? lotte the monkey . craig yeah . okay . CUT to : int . craig and lotte ' S garage - morning the place be a mess . vivaldi blast through cheap speaker . a small marionette stage stand in the back of the garage . the stage be light and on it be a finely sculpt puppet version of Craig . the " Craig " puppet pace back and forth , wring its hand with incredible subtlety . we see Craig , above and behind the stage . he be manipulate the puppet . his finger move fast and furious . the puppet break into a dance , a beautiful and intricate balletic piece . soon the puppet be leaping and tumble through space , move that one would think impossible for a marionette . sweat appear on the real craigus brow . his finger move like lightning . the puppet move faster and faster . sweat appear on the puppet 's brow . we see that the sweat be be pipe from a special device that the real Craig control . the Craig puppet collapse on the floor of the stage . it put its hand up to its face and weep . Craig hang the puppet , and come down around the front of the stage . he be heaving . he switch off the music , pick up a beer and take a swig . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - day the room be fill with pen and unpen animal of all kind : snake , lizard , bird , a dog , cat , etc . Craig sit on the couch and look at the want ad , the tv be on in the background . elijah , the monkey , sit next to Craig hold he stomach and moan weakly . on the tv , derek mantini be work a 60 foot high marionette from the top of a water tower . the assemble crowd be enthralled . tv announcer the crowd be enthralled as derek mantini , arguably the great puppeteer in the history of the world , perform " the Belle of amherst " with he 60 foot Emily dickinson puppet , direct by the inimitable Charles Nelson Reilly . Charles Nelson Reilly float by in a hot air balloon . charle nelson reilly beautiful , beautiful ! nyong-nyong . craig gimmicky bastard . Craig switch off the tv . he come across a ad for a female puppeteer to teach at a girl school . Craig rub he chin in think , then stand with great determination . music in : triumphant CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - day Craig search through Lotte 's closet , look for the right dress . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bathroom - day Craig wax he body , shave he face . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - day Craig paint he nail while he chat on the phone . Craig pull stocking and underwear from Lotte 's drawer . Craig pick a wig from a mannequin head on Lotte 's dress table . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - day Craig , at the sewing machine , be sewing pad to go onto he chest and around he hip . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bathroom - day Craig apply make up in the bathroom mirror . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - day Craig , now look very much like a woman , admire himself in the full length mirror . CUT to : ext . STREET - day Craig hail a taxi in he get-up . Men on the street turn and leer at he . CUT to : int . headmistress’s office - day Craig and the headmistress chat over tea . Craig be quite animated and charming . the admire headmistress smile and nod she head in approval . CUT to : int . classroom - day Craig instruct a class of uniform girl . he draw complex diagram of puppet on the blackboard . the student be transfix , except for one troubled girl who eye Craig sullenly from the back of the room as she play with a switchblade . CUT to : int . theater - day Craig guide the hand of the troubled teenage girl , who be try to manipulate a marionette . the girl look up at Craig . her tough facade crumble and she smile . Craig smile back . CUT to : ext . school ground - day the girl carry Craig on they shoulder . everyone be joyous . CUT to : ext . country road - day Craig lead the girl in a bike race . everyone be laugh and scream . one of the girl notice that Craig be riding a man 's bike . music out . CUT to : int . jail cell - night Craig sit in a hold cell with several other man . he be still in the dress , but the wig be in he lap and the make - up be smear off . Lotte appear with a cop outside Craig 's cell . the door be open , and Craig , Lotte , and the cop head down the hall . CUT to : int . car - night Lotte drive . Craig look out the window . both be silent . lotte ( finally ) be the trial date set ? craig May 11th . more silence . lotte why would you do it , Craig ? craig I be a puppeteer . they drive in silence . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - morning Craig sit on the couch in he bathrobe and study the want ad . he see a ad for a company call " womyn - teer " , look for " a African - american , lesbian separatist puppeteer for Community outreach . " Craig rub he chin in think , stand with determination . music in : same as before . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bathroom - morning Craig apply a dark pancake make - up to he face . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - morning Craig pull a afro-style wig off a mannequin head on Lotte 's dress table . CUT to : ext . STREET - morning Craig , now make up to look like a black , lesbian separatist , hail a cab . woman look at he longingly . CUT to : int . car - night Craig , dress as the black lesbian and beat to a pulp . sit in the passenger seat . Lotte drive . lotte ( finally ) why , Craig . why ? craig ( through fat lip ) I ... puppeteer . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - day Craig read the paper . he come across a ad : " female puppeteer want for nudist colony marionette staging of ' oh , Calcutta ! ' " Craig rub he chin . CUT to : int . car - night Craig sit in the passenger seat . he be make up as a woman and wear a full - body rubber " naked woman " suit . Lotte drive . lotte ( finally ) you know , maybe you should speak to someone about this . CUT to : int . craig and lotte ' S live room - day Craig see a personal ad : " male puppeteer look for attractive female puppeteer for friendship , travel , and much much more . " Craig rub he chin , then think better of it and sigh . he find a want ad call for a " short -stature file clerk with unusually nimble and dexterous finger need for speed filing . " Craig write down the address . CUT to : int . office build lobby - day Craig . in sport coat and tie , study the business listing board . he find lestercorp , and see that it be locate on floor 7 1 / 2 . Craig press the elevator button and wait . another man come and wait next to he . the door open , and Craig and the other man get in . CUT to : int . elevator - continuous the other man press " 9 . " Craig study the button . there be no " 7 1 / 2 . " woman # 1 Seven and a half , right ? craig uh. yeah . woman # 1 I will take you through it . the man pick up a crowbar lean in the corner . he watch the floor number light up in succession . after " 7 " and before " 8 " , the man hit the emergency stop button . the elevator slam to a halt . the man pries open the door with the crowbar . revealed be a standard office building hallway , except that from floor to ceiling it be only about four foot high . everything be scale down accordingly . the number on the wall across from the elevator be 7 1 / 2 . woman # 1 Seven and a half . craig thank you . Craig climb out onto the 7 1 / 2 floor . CUT to : int . seven and a half floor - continuous Craig , hunch - over , make he way down the hallway look for lestercorp . he pass a hunch - over man walk in the other direction . they nod to each other . Craig find a door mark " lestercorp - meeting America 's file need since 1922 . " he enter . CUT to : int . lestercorp reception area - continuous all furniture be scale down to fit into this low- ceiling space . a few other short man sit read tiny magazine . Craig approach floris , the receptionist . floris welcome to lestercorp . May we meet you filing need ? craig no , uh , my name be Craig schwartz . I have a interview with Mr. lester . floris please have a seat , Mr. juarez ... craig schwartz . floris pardon ? craig schwartz . floris I be sorry , I be afraid I have no idea what you be say right now . craig my name be schwartz . floris money , miss wart ? craig forget it . Craig take a seat next to the other applicant . floris ( call across the room ) fork ah do ? the intercom buzze . floris pick it up . floris ( to Craig ) Mr. juarez ? craig yes ? floris yex ? craig I say " yes . " floris you suggest what ? I have no time for piddle suggestion from mumble job applicant , my good man . besides , Dr. lester will see you now . I think that 's what he say . Craig stand , open lester 's door , and enter . CUT to : int . lester' office - continuous Craig enter . lester , a giant of a old man , sit hunch behind he tiny desk . lester come in , Mr. juarez . I would stand , but , well , you know . craig ( extend he hand ) actually , my name be Craig schwartz , Dr. lester . lester flip a intercom switch . lester Security . craig no , it 's okay , sir . just a mixup with you secretary . lester she 's not my secretary . she 's what they call a executive liaison , and I be not bang she , if that 's what you’re imply . craig not at all , Dr. lester . I simply misspoke . lester tell I , Dr. schwartz , what do you feel you can bring to lestercorp ? craig well , sir , I be a excellent filer . lester ( crafty ) you think so , eh ? which come first , L or ... glooph ? craig glooph be not a letter , sir . lester damn , you be good . I try to trick you . okay , put this in order . lester hand Craig a bunch of index card . Craig order they with amazing speed and dexterity . lester watch , eye wide . lester ( cont 'd ) ( flip intercom switch ) floris , get guinness on the phone . floris ( o.s. ) gehginnis ondah foam ? lester forget it . floris ( cont 'd ) fork ah do ? lester ( flip off switch ) Fine woman , floris . I do not know how she put up with this damn speech impediment of mine . craig you do not have a speech impediment , Dr. lester . lester flattery will get you everywhere , my boy . but I be afraid I have to trust floris on this one . you see , she have she doctorate in speech impedimentology from case western . perhaps you have read she memoir , " I can not understand a word any of you be say . " craig no . lester pity , it tell it like it be . that 's why the eastern , read jewish , publishing establishment will not touch it . that 's a quote from the book jacket . George will , I think . ( beat ) I apologize if you can not understan a word I be say , Dr. schwartz . craig no . I understand perfectly . lester ( choke up ) thank you for be kind enough to lie . you see , I have be very lonely in my isolate tower of indecipherable speech . you be hire . any question ? craig just one . why be this floor so short ? lester low overhead , m'boy . we pass the savings on to you . ( laugh heartily ) but seriously , that 's all cover in orientation . CUT to : int . orientation room - day it 's a small screen room with red velvet seat . there be a few people scattered about the squat theater . Craig be among they . he look around the room and he eye rest momentarily on maxine . she be in she late 20' with close cropped black hair . her eye be opaque , she face expressionless , she countenance trance - like . she glance over at Craig , then turn back to the screen . the light dim . a projector whir and the screen be illuminate . CUT to : ext . office build - day we tilt up the building . music : perky industrial Film Music . title : the 7 1 /2 floor narrator ( 0.s. ) welcome to the 7 1 / 2 floor of the mertin- flemmer building . as you will now be spend you work day here , it be important that you learn a bit about the history of this famous floor . dissolve to : int . 7 1/2 floor - day Don and Wendy , two office worker , crouch in the hall and chat . both hold cup of coffee . wendy hello , Don . don hello . Wendy . wendy Don , I be wonder , do you know why we workplace have such low ceiling ? don it 's a interesting story , Wendy . many year ago in the late 1800' , James mertin , a irish ship captain look to invest in the future of we great country , come to this town and decide to erect a office building . CUT to : old footage of construction crew working . don ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) he would call this building the mertin-flemmer Building , after himself and someone else , who , local legend have it , be name flemmer . CUT to : int . 19 th century office - day a actor play mertin sit at a desk and write with aquill . he appear very stern and have mutton chop sideburn . don ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) one day . Captain mertin receive a unexpected visitor . there be a knock at the door . mertin enter ye , if ye dare enter . a tiny woman enter . tiny woman Captain mertin ? mertin what want ye , girl child ? tiny woman I be not a child , Captain mertin , but rather a adult lady of miniature proportion . mertin ( take aback ) I see . well , it be not my fault that thou art tiny . so if it be charity yer after , then be go with ye , ye foul demon . tiny woman I be not ask for alm , but rather the ear of a kind man with a noble heart . mertin ( sigh ) aye . speak then if ye must . tiny woman Captain mertin , surely I be a god-fear Christian woman like yourself , but ala , I be afraid that the world be not build with I in mind . door knob be too high , chair be unwieldy , high - ceiling room mock my stature . nor be I a marrie lady , Captain . after all , who would marry a person of my diminutiveness ? so I be force to work for my few penny a week as a optometrist . why cannot there be a place for I to work safe and comfortable ? mertin wipe a tear from he eye . mertin woman , you story move I like n other . I own sister be tiny and then die . therefore , I shall make ye I wife . and I shall build a floor in my building , between the 7th and 8th , which will be scale down , so from now on there shall be at least one place on God 's green Earth that you and you accurse kind can live in peace ... dissolve to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - day Don and Wendy crouch and talk . don so that 's the story of 7 1 / 2 . since the rent be considerably lower this floor have be adopt by business which for one reason or another be force to cut corner after all ... the overhead be low ! ha ha ha ! wendy ha ha ha ! title : the end CUT to : int . orientation room - day the screen go dark . the light go up . Craig look over at maxine . she stand and walk past he . craig move story . maxine yes . unfortunately it 's bullshit . the real story of 7 1 / 2 be so evil that it could never be reveal to Americans raise on sitcom and happy news anchor . craig be that true ? maxine well , truth be for sucker , be not it ?. craig listen . I be Craig schwartz , just start out at lestercorp . maxine how dreary - to be - somebody / how public - like a frog / to tell one 's name - the livelong June / to a admire bog ! craig ( proudly ) Emily dickinson . maxine I would not know . maxine walk away . CUT to : int . craig and lotte ' S kitchen - night Lotte chop onion . a parrot sit on she head . Craig stir a pot on the stove . a monkey leap from the top of the cabinet to the top of the refrigerator to the kitchen table . a dog watch the monkey and bark at it . parrot shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! craig shut up ! lotte ( to Craig ) sorry , honey . the dog continue to bark . parrot sorry honey . sorry honey . a offscreen neighbor pound the wall . neighbor ( 0.s. ) shut up ! lotte ( yell ) sorry ! Lotte grab the parrot off she head and leave the room . parrot ( 0.s. ) help ! she 's lock I in a cage ! Lotte reenter . lotte be not that cute ? I just teach she that . craig adorable . what time be they suppose to be here ? lotte seven-ish craig we have to make it a early night . lotte they will understand . besides I have get a morning appointment tomorrow with elijah 's shrink . we be get to the bottom of this acid stomach . craig ( not pay attention ) hmmm . lotte some sort of childhood trauma , she think . possible feeling of inadequacy as a chimp . interesting , huh ? craig hmmm . the doorbell ring . the dog bark . the parrot scream . the neighbor pound on the wall . dissolve to : int . craig and lotte's live room - night the dining room table be set up . Craig and Lotte and they friend Peter and gloria be seat and eat dinner . there be a obvious lull in the conversation . peter good food , Lotte . lotte thanks . Craig help , too , by the way . peter vegetarian , right ? lotte yes . all vegetable . all the time . peter amazing . there be another lull . everyone eat . peter ( cont 'd ) no kid about that 7 1 / 2 floor . Craig ? craig no kid , Peter . gloria that 's great . it almost sound like make-believe . ( beat ) like a storybook . ( beat ) like a fairy tale . ( beat ) it 's really great . ( beat ) so Lotte , when you say all vegetable , do you mean all vegetable entire1y ? CUT to : int . peter and gloria' car - night gloria and Peter drive in silence . gloria Lotte tell I that eskimos have a lot of word for snow . peter how many ? gloria ten , I think . peter I wonder why so many . gloria because they have a lot of snow . be not that interesting ? CUT to : int . craig and lotte's kitchen - night Craig wash the dish . Lotte dry they . they do n’t look at each other . CUT to : int . lestercorp file room - morning Craig in a cream color suit , pour over the file cabinet . floris watch from the doorway . floris you be good . Craig turn . craig ( over-enunciate ) thank you , floris . floris shrug , shake she head . floris you be not like the other boy we have have here . grant , I can not understand what you be say either , but you soft palette resonate tremendously well and you never ever constrict you epiglottis . craig I be a train performer . floris ( swoon ) Music to my ear ! whatever you say . speak , speak , speak , my magnificent friend , speak ! CUT to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - day Craig pour himself a cup of coffee . maxine approach with a empty cup . craig hello again . Craig fill she cup . maxine yes , well ... craig you know , I have be think about what you say yesterday , about the orientation film be a cover - up . I think you be on to something . maxine and fifty other line to get into a girl 's pants . craig no , really . maxine you know , if you ever get I , you would not have a clue what to do with I . that 's the thing , Romeo . maxine walk away . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's garage - night Craig be at he workbench , painting the finish touch on a new puppet . it be beautiful . it be maxine . Lotte watch quietly from the door . a Lotte puppet hang from a hook , tangle and dusty . lotte New puppet ? Craig be surprised , catch . craig yeah , just a idea I have . lotte she 's very beautiful . craig ( shrugging ) just a idea I have . Craig hang the puppet , stand , and switch off the light . craig ( cont 'd ) c'mon , let 's go to bed . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - night the room be dark . Lotte snore lightly . Craig lie there with he eye open . quietly , he get up and leave the bedroom . Lotte watch he go . CUT to : int . garage - night Craig stand above the puppet stage . he be work both the Craig puppet and the maxine puppet at the same time . the two perform a beautiful and graceful pas de deux . they finish in a passionate embrace . craig ( quietly ) I would too know what to do with you . CUT to : int . file room - morning Craig file . floris watch he from the doorway . Dr. lester watch floris from behind a cabinet . floris oh , what magic that finger could work on the right “cabinet .” ( stroke Craig 's neck ) alphabetize I , baby . and do not forget , I come before U . floris laugh long and hard . too long and too hard . craig floris , you be very nice , but I be afraid I ’m in love with somebody else . floris ( upset ) I be afraid I ... have no idea what you be say ... you bastard ! floris run from the room . lester poke he head out from behind the cabinet . lester do not toy with floris , schwartz . why , if I be eighty year young , I would box you ear . craig I be not toy with she , sir . I be just ... how old be you ? lester one hundred and five . carrot juice . ( beat ) lot 's of it . I swear , it 's almost not worth it . I piss orange . oh , and I , have to piss sit down ... like a godamn girly ... every fifteen minute . but nobody want to die , schwartz . craig I will keep that in mind , sir . lester no sir-e- bob , I do not die . but what I do be get older , wrinkle like a former plum that 's become the wrinkle prune you see before you . oh , to be a young man again , maybe then floris would care for I . craig the elderly have so much to offer , sir . they be we link with history . lester I do not want to be you godamn link , damn you . I want to feel floris ' naked thigh against my own . I want to know passion . I want my body to inspire lust in that beautiful , complex woman . I want she to shiver in a spasm of ecstasy when I penetrate she . oh , God , the agony of the flesh , schwartz . craig Dr. lester , while I be flatter that you share you feeling with I , I believe perhaps the workplace be not the most suitable environment for this type of discussion . lester all right . meet I at the juicy - juice juice bar after work today and I will spill my goddamn gut for you . lester exit . craig shit . CUT to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - day Craig squat next to a payphone . craig ( into phone ) I will not be late . I just have to listen to lester 's sexual fantasy and drink carrot juice for a little while . it 's a job thing . maxine walk by . Craig grab she arm , signal for she to wait a minute . she wait . craig ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I gotta go back to work . yeah , okay . you too . okay . bye . Craig hang up . maxine what ? craig I just want to say “hi . '' do you know I still do not know you name or where you work ? maxine yeah . craig how about this , if I can guess you first name within three try , you have to come out for a drink with I tonight . maxine why not ? craig great . ( watch she face as he guess ) buuuhhppaahhhhnnn . . . . . muhhhahhhhh . . . . . ahhhnnnaaa . . nollltuuukkkaaaaralllll . . . tashabararassssssuuuuusaaaaaaa . . . nnnnnnnaaaaaannnnnnnnncccccceeeeeee mwaaaaaa . . . . . mahhhhhkkkkk . . . sssseeeeeen . maxine ? maxine who tell you ? craig I be right ? maxine who tell you ? craig that 's incredible ! nobody tell I ! I swear ! it 's kismet . maxine ! it 's a beautiful name . there 's a psychic connection . do not you see ? it be mean to be ! maxine ! maxine ! maxine ! I will shout it from the rooftop ! maxine somebody tell you . craig oh , maxine , nobody tell I . maxine , maxine . it just come out of I like a song , maxine . a beautiful crazy , song , maxine . maxine . maxine ! maxine I be dubious , but I do not welsh . meet I at the stuck pig. Seven o'clock . you be late , I walk . so help I , if I find out you cheat . craig ( in heaven ) maxine . Craig walk down the hall . a tiny smile flit across maxine 's face . CUT to : int . juicy juice bar - evening lester and Craig sit at a table . there be several emptied glass of carrot juice in front of lester . Craig nurse one glass , and keep check he watch . lester imagine a room full of woman . nubile , blonde , wet with desire , schwartz . a harem , if you will . I in leather . a harness , if you like . I be the object of this desire , and all eye be on I as I speak . '' lady , '' I begin . '' I be the love god , eros . I intoxicate you . my spunk be to you manna from heaven ... craig ( stand ) Dr. lester , it 's be really fascinating , but I be afraid I have to get home to my wife now . lester wife , huh ? I would love to meet she , Craig . craig yessir . lester shall we say dinner on Friday . just the two of we ? ( afterthought ) you can come too if you like , schwartz . craig ( check watch ) that 's sound fine , sir . gotta run . Craig hurry to the door . lester downs Craig 's juice , signal the waiter for more . CUT to : int . the stuck pig - night maxine sit at the bar , watch she watch . Craig rush into the room , frantic , out of breath . he spot maxine and plop himself next to she . craig make it . maxine . maxine , maxine , maxine . maxine just . craig buy you a drink , maxine ? maxine you marry ? craig yeah . but enough about I . maxine laugh . the bartender approach . craig ( cont 'd ) what will you have ? maxine ( to bartender ) the usual , Barry . craig ( to bartender ) I will have , like , a beer . like a budweiser , or something . the bartender walk away . craig ( cont 'd ) I like you . I do not know what it be exactly . maxine my tit ? craig no , no , it 's you energy or you attitude or the way you carry yourself or ... maxine Christ , you be not a fag be you ? because I do not want to be waste my time . the drink arrive . maxine 's be in a enormous fishbowl of a glass . it 's bright blue , with fruit and marshmallow swim in it . Paper umbrella stick out of it , a plastic monkey hang from the rim . craig that 's the usual ? maxine do n’t let the girly shit fool you . it would blow you short off . maxine downs it like a shot of whiskey . she push the empty glass to the bartender . maxine ( cont 'd ) set I up again , Barry . the bartender walk away with the empty glass . craig I ’m not a homosexual . I just like woman for more than they body . I guess you could say I be the new american male . maxine you be a fag or a liar . craig ( backpedal ) I mean , I be really attract to you . maxine ( mock ) I mean , I be really attract to you . Jesus , you be a fag . we can share recipe , if you like , darlene . maxine get up . craig ( at a loss ) no , wait ! I like you tit . ( beat ) I love you tit . I want to fuck you . maxine ( sit ) good . now we be get somewhere . ( beat ) not a chance . maxine 's second drink come . she downs it , push the glass toward the bartender . maxine ( cont’d ) so , tell I about yourself . if you can get you mind out of the gutter long enough , dog -boy . craig well , I be a puppeteer ... the bartender come back with maxine 's drink . maxine ( to bartender ) check . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - night Lotte be comb elijah . Craig enter . craig hi. lotte hi. craig ( nervous , talk too much ) sorry , I be so late . lester just would not let I go . we’re suppose to have dinner with he on Friday . I can get we out of it if you want . he 's really amazing , this insane old lech . it 's actually sort of amusing when you get past just how disgusting it be . there be a silence . Lotte continue to comb out elijah . finally : lotte do you eat ? craig Nah . I be not hungry . I be sorry I do not call . it be just , you know , hard to get away . lotte I be worried . craig I be sorry . how be you evening ? lotte Tom - Tom 's puncture wound be infect . craig the ferret ? lotte the iguana . craig right . lotte I dress the wound . then I have just be feed everyone , put everyone to bed . craig yeah . you want a beer ? lotte no thanks . I be go to turn in . craig all right . I will be in my workshop for a little while . I will be in in a little while . I need to unwind a little . ( beat ) I will be in soon . a little while . lotte ' kay . Lotte exit . CUT to : int . garage - night Craig work the Craig and maxine puppet . the puppet sit on the edge of the small stage and chat . Craig do a pretty fair impersonation of maxine 's voice . craig ( as maxine , fascinate ) tell I , Craig , why do you love puppeteer ? ( as Craig ) well , maxine , I be not sure exactly . perhaps it 's the idea of become someone else for a little while . be inside another skin . move differently , think differently , feel differently . ( as maxine ) interesting . would you like to be inside my skin , Craig ? think what I think ? feel what I feel ? ( as Craig ) more than anything . maxine . ( as maxine ) it 's good in here , Craig . better than you wildest dream . the puppet kiss . CUT to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - day Craig wait at the coffee machine . check he watch . finally maxine approach . craig hi. maxine you be not someone I could get interested in . Craig . you play with doll . craig ( rehearse ) puppet . maxine . it 's the idea of be inside someone else , feel what they feel , see what they see ... maxine yikes . craig please , let I explain . Craig grab maxine 's hand and drag she into a empty office . CUT to : int . empty office - day Craig pull maxine in close the door . craig it 's just , and I have never do this before , maxine , but it 's just that I feel something for you . I have never feel this before for anyone , not even my wife . my future be with you , maxine . maxine you might want to check that tarot card one more time . maxine head for the door . Craig sit on a box . he put he head in he hand and sigh . across the room he notice a very small door with a two by four nail across it . craig another evil secret of the 7 1 / 2 floor . Craig pries the two - by-four off and open the door . it 's a dark and wet membranous tunnel inside . craig Holy shit . maxine be gonna love this . Craig let go of the door and it slam shut . CUT to : int . lester' office - day lester sit at he desk study a instruction manual for a juicer . the spanking new juicer sit on he desk . there be a urgent knock at the door . lester yes ? Craig rush in . craig Dr. lester . . . lester ah , Craig . just the fellow I want to see . ( proudly spread he arm ) juicer ! easy as pie . just keep you finger clear of the blade , and never , never use it while bathing in a tub full of water . craig Dr. lester , I have a question . I be in that vacant office down the hall and I stumble upon a little door and .... lester ah. yes , the little door . ( check watch ) there be a short film on the little door in the orientation room in exactly two minute . if you hurry , you will just make it . craig thank you , sir . Craig exit . lester wait a moment . then dial the phone . lester put up reel 752 . CUT to : int . orientation room - day Craig sit in the otherwise empty screen room . the light dim , the film begin . title : the little door in the vacant office CUT to : int . vacant office - day Wendy crouch in the vacant office and study the close little door . Don enter . smile . don hi. Wendy ! what be you up to in this vacant office . wendy well , Don , I peek in here , even though I know it 's against floor policy . and I discover that there 's a little tiny door in here . be not it cute ? it 's almost like a little dolly 's door . I wonder what it 's for . don ( laugh ) that 's right , Wendy , it be against floor policy , but as long as you be here , let I tell you what I know about we cute little door friend . many year ago , this very office be occupy by a kindly old watchmaker name Mr. White . dissolve to : int . watchmaker's workshop - day a old man toil away in the dusty office . white hmmm . I must have a small store room to store my merchandise when I be through work on it . I know , I will build a tiny store room . how cute ! dissolve to : int . vacant office - day wendy wow ! that 's some story , Don . don Truth be stranger than fiction , Wendy ! they laugh . title : the end CUT to : int . orientation room - day the light go up . Craig sit there for a moment . a usher push a broom down the aisle . craig bullshit . Craig exit . the usher mumble something into a walkie-talkie . CUT to : int . vacant room - day Craig open the little door and climb into the membranous hallway . the door slam shut behind he . CUT to : int . hallway - morning it 's dark and wet . the wall be soft and membranous . there be a drip sound . Craig crawl along . soon something start to pull Craig as if he be be suck through a straw . there be a flash of light . CUT to : int . fancy dine room - morning the Pov of someone read a newspaper . the person lift a cup of coffee to he mouth . there be a slurping sound . the person put down the coffee cup and the newspaper , and stand up . craig ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) ( lose he balance ) whoa ! what the hell ? where be I ? we be still in Pov . the person walk across the room , pick up he wallet from a coffee table . look in a mirror and check he tooth for food . it 's John malkovich . craig ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) Holy shit ! it 's that actor guy . shit ! what 's he name ? that actor guy ! what 's happen ? be I inside he ? be I in he brain ? be I he ? be he I ? do he know I be here ? my brain be reeling ! be he brain reeling ? malkovich walk to the front door , open it , exit he apartment . CUT to : int . maxine's office - continuous maxine sit at she desk , eat a sandwich . look at a fashion magazine , and chat on the phone . maxine the puppeteer tell I he love I today . ( laugh ) I know . I can not think of anything more pathetic . CUT to : int . taxi - continuous John malkovich 's Pov from the back seat of the cab . the cab pull away from the curb . malkovich ( v.0 . ) ( resonant throughout ) the broadhurst theater , please . the cabbie study malkovich in he rearview mirror as he drive . cabbie say , be not you that actor guy ? malkovich yeah . cabbie John Makel ... craig ( v.0 . ) John malkovich ! of course ! cabbie Mapplethorpe ? malkovich ( v.0 . ) malkovich . cabbie malkovich ! craig ( v.0 . ) John fuck malkovich ! cabbie yeah . I like you in that one movie . malkovich ( v.0 . ) thank you . cabbie the one where you be that jewel thief . malkovich I never play a jewel thief . cabbie who be I think of ? malkovich I do not know . cabbie I be pretty sure it be you . hey , could I get you autograph now ? it 's for .... oh , what the hell , it 's for I ! I be you biggest fan ! malkovich yeah , okay . the cabbie hand a pad back over the seat . malkovich reach for it . there be a slurping sound . craig ( v.0 . ) ( panicky ) ahhhh ! the image start to fade , then suddenly go black . CUT to : ext . ditch - day it 's on the side of Jersey Turnpike . there be a “pop” and Craig fall from nowhere into the ditch . he be soaking wet , and now dirty from the ditch . he stand , look confusedly around , see a n.j. Turnpike sign . after a moment , he go to the side of the road and stick out he thumb . CUT to : int . maxine's office - later maxine sit behind she desk with she foot up , and talk on the phone . maxine absolutely , doll . I be just about to close up here . Craig walk in dishevel and exhaust . maxine see he , keep talk . maxine ( cont’d ) ( into phone ) meet you at '' the pig” in twenty minute . ( laugh lasciviously ) oh yeah , maybe I will keep my leg close till then . ( hang up . to Craig ) I be split for the day . lock up for I , will not you , darling . maxine stand , put some stuff in she purse . craig do not you want to know what happen to I ? maxine ( consider ) no. maxine head for the door . Craig grab she arm . craig this be important ! maxine ( look at he hand on she arm ) it better be . Craig sit maxine down in a chair , let go of she arm . craig there 's a tiny door in that empty office . it 's a portal , maxine . it take you inside John malkovich . you see the world through John malkovich 's eye , then , after about fifteen minute , you be spit out into a ditch on the side of the New Jersey Turnpike . maxine sound delightful . who the fuck be John malkovich ? craig he 's a actor . one of the great american actor of the 20th century . maxine what 's he be in ? craig lot of thing . he 's very well respected . that jewel thief movie , for example . the point be that this be a very odd thing , supernatural , for lack of a better word . it raise all sort of philosophical question about the nature of self , about the existence of the soul . be I I ? be malkovich malkovich ? be the buddha right , be duality a illusion ? do you see what a can of worm this portal be ? I do not think I can go on live my life as I have live it . there 's only one thing to do . let 's get marry right away . maxine be this malkovich fellow appeal ? craig yes , of course . he 's a celebrity . maxine good . we will sell ticket . craig ticket to malkovich ? maxine exactly . two hundred dollar a pop . craig but there 's something profound here , maxine , we can not exploit it . maxine Fine . I will do it myself . I be go to offer a partnership to you , but this way it 's more money for I . craig you want to be partner with I ? maxine ( bored ) sure . it would be fun . craig ( pleased ) really ? ( then : ) but , maxine , can of worm ! end of the world ! illusory nature of existence ! maxine I will protect you , dollface . maxine reach over and squeeze he lip affectionately between she thumb and forefinger . craig ( in love ) oh. maxine . dissolve to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - night Craig and Lotte be get into evening clothes . lotte do not be ridiculous . there be no such thing as a portal into someone else 's brain . craig Brain . soul , I be tell you , Lotte . I be right inside he look out . we be go to be rich . lotte I want to try . craig what ? lotte I want to be John malkovich . tomorrow morning . plus I would like to meet this partner of yours . craig ( nervously ) well , you know we be go to be very busy tomorrow . I will tell you what . let 's do it tonight . right now . lotte now ? craig yeah . we will do it right now . on the way to lester 's house . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - night Craig hold open the small door as Lotte climb in . craig I will meet you on the turnpike . lotte I be scared . the door slam shut . craig I too , babe . Craig hurry out the door . CUT to : int . bathroom - night malkovich be in the shower . we watch from he Pov as he soap himself . he do this in a sensual manner . lotte ( v.0 . ) Holy cow ! malkovich step out of the shower , slowly towel himself dry . lotte ( v.0 . ) oh , yes . yes . CUT to : ext . ditch - night Lotte land in the ditch . she be wet and rag . traffic whizze by . Craig turn on the headlight in he park car . they shine on Lotte . Craig step out of the car . lotte I have to go back . craig okay . maybe tomorrow . lotte I have to go back now . craig we will talk about it in the car . Craig help Lotte up and toward the car . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's car - night Craig drive . Lotte look distractedly out the window . lotte I have to go back , Craig . be inside do something to I . all of a sudden everything make sense . I know who I be . craig you be not you . you be John malkovich . lotte ( tickle ) I be , be not I ? ( yell out the window ) I be John fuck malkovich ! ( laugh , then intensely ) take I back , Craig . craig tomorrow . we be late for lester . CUT to : int . lester' dine room - night it 's a posh place with flock wallpaper and candelabra . lester , Craig , and Lotte sit around a elegantly appoint table with all different sort of juice in front of they . Lotte be still wet . lester sit quite close to she . lester tell I , Lotte , can you understand a word I be say ? lotte yes , of course , Dr. lester . lester oh , be still my heart . lotte Dr. lester , would you point I toward the restroom ? lester with immense pleasure , my dear . down that hall , ninth door on the leave . watch the step down . it 's sink , you know . Lotte smile , and head down the hall . craig Dr. lester ... lester more bett -spinach juice , my friend ? craig no thank you sir . it 's delicious , though . I just want to thank you for the opportunity to work at lestercorp , but I be afraid I be go to have to tender my resignation effectively immediately . lester I see . be you unhappy at we little company ? craig no sir , not at all . it 's just that I be go to open my own business and ... lester and what sort of business will this be ? if you do not mind my ask . craig uh , import -export . olive oil . right on 7 1 / 2 actually . ( beat ) in the vacant office . so we will still be see each other . lester the vacant office . I see . olive oil . interesting . be warn , schwartz , there be certain kdoor '' which should never be open . CUT to : int . lester' hallway - night Lotte walk down the ritzy hallway . she be count close door in search of the bathroom . she open a door , look inside , gasp , then enter the room . CUT to : int . lester ' S room - continuous Lotte enter the room . it be dark . at the far end there be what amount to a candle - light shrine to John malkovich . the centerpiece of the shrine be a enormous photograph of malkovich border by a garland of flower . Lotte stare at it for a moment , then drop to she knee in front of it . CUT to : int . craig and lotte ' S bathroom - night Lotte have just take a shower . she towel herself dry in much the same way as malkovich . her eye be close . she open they slowly and see herself in the mirror . disappointedly , she drop the towel and head out of the bathroom . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's garage - night Craig sit at he work table . he be pull the head off of the Craig and the maxine puppet . he put the maxine head on the Craig puppet . he sigh . craig my kingdom for you portal , maxine . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - morning maxine sit at she desk compose a ad . Craig stand behind she , ostensibly look over she shoulder , but actually study the back of she head . he sigh . maxine okay . here it be . ( read ) ever want to be someone else ? now you can . no kid . only two hundred dollar for fifteen minute . visit j.m. Inc. , mertin - flemmer Building . etc. , etc . craig sound good . oblique but intrigue . phone it in . maxine dial the phone . Lotte enter . craig Lotte ! why be not you at the pet shop ? lotte fuck pet . be this you partner ? I have to come back and do the malkovich ride again . fuck everything else . be this she ? maxine ( into phone ) yes , hello , I want to place a ad . ( to Lotte ) hi , be you Craig 's wife ? lotte yes , hi. craig Lotte , maxine . maxine , Lotte . Lotte and maxine shake hand . lotte hi. have you do malkovich yet ? maxine hi , uh. ( into phone ) hi. I want to place a ad . yes . " ever want to be someone else ? " no , that 's the ad , but let 's talk about you in a minute . " ever want to be someone else ? now you can . no kid ... " craig ( to Lotte ) why be not you at work ? lotte I have be go over and over my experience last night . it be amazing . ( beat ) I have decide I be a transsexual . be not that the craziest thing ? craig what , be you nut ? that 's Oprah talk . lotte everything feel right for the first time . I need to go back to make sure , then if the feel be still there . I be go to speak to Dr. feldman about sexual reassignment surgery . craig this be absurd . besides feldman 's a allergist . if you be go to do something , do it right . craig ( cont would ) ( beat ) it 's just the thrill of see through someone else 's eye , sweetie . it will pass . lotte do not stand in the way of my actualization as a man , Craig . maxine ( hang up the phone ) let she go , Craig . I mean “him . " craig ( anything for maxine ) yeah , okay . ( open the portal door ) I will pick you up . Lotte enter . Craig close the door . stand there . maxine you better hurry . traffic . maxine toss Craig he car key . he head out the door . maxine dial the phone . maxine ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) davey ? Max . get I John malkovich 's home phone ? that 's great . Love ya and owe ya . CUT to : int . JOHN malkovich live room - day malkovich 's Pov . he sit on the couch . drink coffee , and read a copy of awake and sing . bach play on the stereo in the background . malkovich ( read aloud ) so you believe in God ... you get something for it ? you work for all the capitalist . you harvest the fruit from you labor ? you get God ! lotte ( v.0 . ) what raw , animal power ! malkovich but the past comfort you ? the present smile on you , yes ? the phone ring . malkovich put down the script , and pick up the phone . malkovich ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah ? maxine ( 0.s. ) ( telephone voice ) Mr. malkovich ? malkovich who 's call ? maxine ( 0.s. ) you do not know I , but I be a great admirer of yours . malkovich how would you get this number ? maxine ( 0.s. ) it 's just that I fantasize about you and , well , speak to you now have get I sort of excited and ... lotte ( 0.s. ) ( turn on ) oh , I like this . malkovich listen , this be not amusing . please do not call here any ... maxine ( 0.s. ) ( giggle ) ooh , such authority ! NY nipple be at attention , General malkovich , sir . so I will be at bernardo 's tonight at eight . please , please meet I there . I just adore you in that jewel thief movie ... malkovich hang up the phone . lotte ( v.o. ) my God ! ( attempt think control ) meet she there . meet she there . meet she there . meet she there . meet she there ... malkovich go back to he script . lotte ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) meet she there . meet she there . meet she there ... malkovich pick up a pen and write : bernardo 's 8:00 . CUT to : ext . ditch - morning Craig wait . Lotte pop into the ditch . she 's wet and slimy . craig how be it ? lotte I have to go back tonight . at eight exactly . craig why ? lotte do not crowd I , Craig . CUT to : int . bernardo be - night malkovich 's Pov . it 's a busy italian restaurant . malkovich look around , check he watch : 8:03 . a guy walk up to he . guy Excuse I , be you John malkovich ? malkovich yes . guy wow . you be really great in that movie where you play that retard . malkovich thank you very much . guy I just want to tell you that . and say thank you . I have a cousin that 's a retard , so , as you can imagine , it mean a lot to I to see retard portray on the silver screen so compassionately . the guy walk away . malkovich scan the room . maxine enter the restaurant . we see she , but malkovich do not single she out of the crowd . she look around . lotte ( v.o. ) maxine ! maxine spot malkovich . and head over . he focus on she . maxine hi . I be so glad you decide to come . I be maxine . maxine hold out she hand . she be charming . malkovich take she hand . malkovich I be John . I do not think I be go to come , but I feel oddly compel . I have to admit I be a bit intrigue by you voice . lotte ( v.o. ) God , she 's beautiful . the way she 's look at I . at he . at we . maxine and the funny thing be . Mr. malkovich , my voice be probably the least intrigue thing about I . lotte ( v.o. ) I have never be look at like this by a woman . malkovich can I get you a drink ? maxine whatever you be have . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's car - night Craig drive . Lotte be soaking wet . she stare out the window . craig so how be it ? what be he do ? lotte oh , you know , not a lot . just hang around he apartment . I think he must be a lonely man . craig you see , man can feel unfulfilled , too . I be glad you be realize that . you should not be so quick to assume that switch body would be the answer to all you problem . lotte you be right . you know I be think that we should have maxine over for dinner . since you two be partner and all . it might be a nice gesture . craig I do not know . there 's some tension between we . I would hate to expose you to that . lotte it will be okay . I will fix my lasagna . we’ll smoke a joint . ( dreamily ) tension will melt away . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's dine room - night Craig , Lotte , and maxine be seat at the table and eat lasagna . Lotte eye maxine . Craig eye maxine . there be a awkward silence . lotte ( to maxine ) do you know that eskimos have not one , but fifty word for snow . it 's because they have so much of it . craig after dinner I will show you my puppet . maxine ah . lotte after that I will introduce you to my favorite monkey , elijah . he 's get a ulcer , due to a suppress childhood trauma . but we be get to the bottom of it . ( whisper ) psychotherapy . there be another silence . maxine ( to no one in particular ) the way I see it , the world be divide into that go after what they want and that who do not . the passionate one , the one who go after what they want , may not get what they want , but they remain vital , in touch with themselves , and when they lie on they deathbed , they have few regret . the one who do not go after what they want ... well , who give a shit about they anyway ? maxine laugh . there be another silence . suddenly , at the same moment , both Craig and Lotte lunge for maxine and start kissing she passionately about the face and neck . they stop just as suddenly and look at each other . craig you ? Lotte look away . maxine Craig , I just do not find you attractive . and , Lotte , I be smitten with you , but only when you be in malkovich . when I look into he eye last night , I could feel you peer out . behind the stubble and the too-prominent brow and the male pattern baldness , I sense you feminine long peer out , and it just slew I . craig ( disgust ) my God . Lotte stroke maxine 's face . Craig clear dish from the table . maxine ( to Lotte , remove she hand ) only to John , sweetie . I be sorry . ( get up ) thanks for a wonderful dinner . ( walk past kitchen . to Craig ) no hard feeling , partner . maxine exit . Craig and Lotte look at each other . lotte I want a divorce . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - morning it be deadly silent . Craig and maxine sit at they desk . the wall clock tick . Craig whistle tunelessly , every once in a while look up and discreetly check out maxine . eventually there be a knock at the door . craig ( a little too urgently ) come in ! erroll , a sad , fat young man enter meekly . erroll hello , I be here about the ad . craig please , have a seat . erroll sit in a chair in front of Craig 's desk . he glance nervously over at maxine . erroll when you say , I can be somebody else , what do you mean exactly ? craig exactly that . we can put you inside someone else 's body for fifteen minute . erroll oh , this be just the medical breakthrough I have be wait for . be they any side effect ? please say no ! please say no ! maxine no . erroll Long term psychic or physiological repercussion ? maxine no . do not be a ass . erroll can I be anyone I want ? maxine you can be John malkovich . erroll well that 's perfect . my second choice . ah , this be wonderful . too good to be true ! you see , I be a sad man . sad and fat and alone . oh , I have try all the diet , my friend . live for a year on nothing but imitation mayonnaise . do it work ? you be the judge . but malkovich ! King of New York ! man about town ! most eligible bachelor ! bon vivant ! the schopenhauer of the 20th century ! thin man extraordinaire ! maxine two hundred dollar , please . erroll yes . yes . a thousand time , yes ! erroll take out he wallet . CUT to : ext . ditch - day Craig wait by he car , check he watch . " pop ! " erroll plop into the ditch , wet and unkempt . he look around , see Craig , charge he with a yell and give he a enormous bear hug . erroll oh , thank you ! thank you ! thousand time , thank you ! craig ( gasp for air ) tell you friend . erroll oh , I will , and I have many , many friend and associate , my friend . all , by the way , in overeater anonymous . all of they fat and alone like I , all of they dream of be someone else , all of they with John malkovich as they second choice ! CUT to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - day the hall outside Craig and maxine 's office sport a long line of crouching fat people , all clutching cash in they hand . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - continuous Craig kneel at the door and peek out through the mail slot . maxine sit at she desk and file she toenail . craig this be amazing ! we be gonna be rich ! maxine so unbolt the fuck door , Einstein . Craig unlock the door . lester step in , close the door behind he , lock it . lester you be make a big mistake , schwartz . ( nod to maxine ) ma'am craig Dr. lester , I do not know what you be talk about . lester there be rule , boy , procedure , etiquette . this be not a toy . I have be wait seventy year to utilize this room , groom myself , quietly set the stage , perform ablution , pay tribute , see all he motion picture again and again . worshipp , schwartz , worshipp properly . craig you be insane . lester I be not alone . there be other . we be legion . you will pay for this blasphemy . you will pay dearly . lester exit . Craig look at maxine . there be a moment of tension . finally : maxine crackpot . Craig open the door . the first few fat people move noisily into the room . CUT to : int . dr . lester' altat room - night many cloak people in the room kneel with candle in hand before the light photo of malkovich . Lotte kneel in the back row . they chant : disciple of malkovich how much do we love you ? we love you in " make Mr. right . " that be how much we love you . we even own the director 's cut on laser disc . please accept we into you head as we have accept you into we heart . please let we be you . amen . CUT to : int . lester' dine room - a bit later the worshipper mill about , chat , drink coffee , nibble on cookie . lester May I have you attention , please . we have a new disciple among we tonight . disciple of malkovich hallelujah . lester she be the wife of schwartz . a stunne hush fall over the group . lotte ( apologetically ) I be get divorced . lester no you must not , my child . lotte but why , Son of malkovich ? lester we need you on the inside , my child . to report on he coming and going , and if need be , to ... destroy he ... ( hand Lotte a gun ) ... for lack of a better word . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - night Craig be put stuff in box . Lotte enter in she cloak . lotte what be you do ? craig I be move . remember ? what 's with the hood cloak ? lotte nothing . do not go , Craig . I have be think . let 's try to work this out . we have get so much history . craig ( still pack ) you should feed you animal . they be look peak . lotte I be get rid of the fuck animal . craig what ? lotte I be get rid of the animal . I have lose interest . besides , they be stand between you and I . craig no they be not . lotte you have always hate the animal . craig you have always love the animal . lotte I be give they up . I have change . I have find a new focus . craig what 's that ? lotte ( beat ) we , of course . Craig look up from he pack . he and Lotte stare at each other for a long while . craig ( tenderly ) oh , lot ... they hug . craig ( cont 'd ) what about maxine ? lotte fuck maxine . craig we wish . they look at each other and laugh , they fall back into the embrace . they both get faraway look in they eye . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's garage - night the clock read 3:00 am . Craig , in he pajamas , be work the Craig and maxine puppet . they make love on the bare puppet stage . Craig seem possess . CUT to : int . maxine's bedroom - continuous the phone ring . maxine sleepily pick it up . maxine yes ? lotte ( o.s. ) I have to see you . can you call he and invite we over ? maxine when ? lotte ( o.s. ) give I one hour to get inside he exactly . maxine check she alarm clock . the time be 3:11 am . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's car - night Lotte drive . CUT to : int . maxine's apartment - a bit later the doorbell ring . maxine , in a sheer black nightgown , answer it . John malkovich stand there . maxine thanks so much for come over . malkovich oh , I be really glad you call . maxine gesture for he to enter . as malkovich pass by she , she check the wall clock . the time be 3:50 . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - night Lotte sit on the floor in the dark . she lean , out of breath , against the wall next to the portal and check she watch . the time be 4:10 . she pull open the door . CUT to : int . maxine's live room - night maxine and malkovich sit a bit awkwardly next to each other on the couch . maxine so , do you enjoy be a actor ? malkovich oh sure . it 's very reward ... the digital clock on the vcr click over to 4:11 am . maxine 's look soften , and she kiss malkovich hard on the lip . he seem surprised , but quickly warm to it . we shift top malkovich 's Pov as maxine begin to unbutton malkovich 's shirt . lotte ( v.o. ) oh my darling . oh my sweetheart . maxine I love you , Lotte . lotte ( v.o. ) maxine ... malkovich ( stop ) I be sorry , do you just call I " Lotte " ? maxine do you mind ? malkovich ( think ) no , I guess not . I be a actor . they get back to it . maxine oh , my sweet , beautiful Lotte . malkovich ( think he 's play along ) yes , maxine , yes . lotte ( v.o. ) this be too good to be true . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's bedroom - night a sweaty and spend Craig sneak back into the bedroom . he see that the bed be empty . CUT to : ext . ditch - night with a gasp and a wail of release , Lotte pop into the ditch . she be soaking wet and breathes heavily . she just lie there . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's kitchen - morning Craig be hunch over a cup of coffee . the front door can be hear to open . after a moment Lotte appear in the kitchen doorway . she be cake with dirt . Craig look up at she . craig you be he last night , be not you ? lotte ( quietly ) yes . craig and he be with she . lotte we love she , Craig . I be sorry . craig we ? lotte I and John . craig do not forget I . lotte well , you have the maxine action figure to play with . Craig look down at he coffee . lotte ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . that be nasty . craig life be confusing , be not it ? lotte sometimes we be force to make hard decision . ( beat ) I would like for we to stay together , Craig . you know , platonically , if that 's possible . I truly value we friendship . craig I feel that somehow my parent never prepare I to make this particular decision . not that I blame they . how could they know ? today 's world be so complicated . ( beat ) no . I have to go away now . I be sorry , Lotte . I be so sorry . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - morning Craig enter with red-rimme eye . maxine sit at she desk , actually look kind of radiant . maxine you be late . craig be you torture I on purpose ? maxine ( matter of fact ) I have fall in love . craig I do not think so . I have fall in love . this be what people who have fall in love look like . maxine you pick the unrequite variety . very bad for the skin . craig you be evil , maxine . maxine do you have any idea what its like to have two people look at you with total lust and devotion through the same pair of eye ? no I do not suppose you would . it 's quite a thrill , Craig . Craig turn and walk out the door . CUT to : int . hallway 7 1/2 floor - continuous Craig hurry past a long line of fat people , all look eager , all clutching cash . CUT to : int . lester' office - morning lester sit at he desk . the intercom buzze . lester ( depress switch ) yes , my dear ? floris ( o.s. ) ( intercom voice ) someone name a lot of wart on line two . lester thank you , floris . floris ( o.s. ) ( intercom voice ) think , Jew florist ? lester ( press line 2 ) good morning , Lotte ! lotte ( o.s. ) Dr. lester , everything 's fall apart . CUT to : int . gun shop - morning Craig be at the counter buy a pistol . CUT to : int . juicy - juice juice bar - morning lester and Lotte sit at a table . they both have really large glass of carrot juice in front of they . lotte I blow it , Dr. lester . lester you follow you heart , my child , and that be not necessarily a bad thing . lotte but now we have lose access to Craig . lester ( laugh ) my child , I do not think its a great mystery what Craig 's up to . CUT to : CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - day Craig stand still and tense , with gun in hand . we hear the front door unlock . Lotte enter . she do not see Craig . he grab she from behind as she pass . Lotte scream . Craig hold the gun to she head . lotte I be you goddamn wife . once you vow to cherish I forever . now you hold a gun to my head ? craig yeah , well welcome to the ninety . lotte suck my dick ! craig ( slapping she ) shut up ! Lotte be stunne . she feel the muzzle against she forehead . she shut up . keeping the gun train on Lotte , Craig dial the phone . he hand the receiver to she . he hold he ear to the receiver also . craig ( cont 'd ) tell she you need to see she . lotte ( to Craig ) you bastard . Craig cock the pistol . maxine ( v.o. ) j.m. Inc . be all that someone else can be . lotte ( look at Craig ) I have to see you . maxine ( v.o. ) sweetie ! oh , but we can not . it 's business hour . I need to keep the membranous tunnel open for pay customer . craig ( sotto ) tell she , what the hell , close early today , live dangerously . lotte what the hell , darling . Close early today , live dangerously . maxine ( v.o. ) oooh , doll . I love this new devil- may - care side of you . alrighty , I will track down lover -boy , and I will see both of you in one hour . exactamundo . maxine hang up . Lotte hand the phone to Craig , who hang it up . Craig open up the big cage where elijah be house , and motion with the gun for Lotte to enter . lotte ( scream ) help ! he 's lock I in a cage ! Craig slap Lotte hard . she look at he , almost sadly . neighbor shut up ! parrot shut up ! craig lesson number one : be careful what you teach you parrot . Craig tape Lotte 's mouth , tie she hand and foot . elijah watch he tie she . he become somewhat agitate , and hold he stomach . CUT to : int . broadhurst theater - day malkovich be rehearse some business on stage . maxine watch from the house . she anxiously check she watch , then point to it so malkovich can see . malkovich Tommy , can I take fifteen ? CUT to : int . malkovich dressing room - day malkovich and maxine be have sex on the make - up table , against the mirror . maxine oh , Lotte ... oh , sweetie ... we now watch the scene from malkovich 's Pov . malkovich maxine ... craig ( v.o. ) I can not believe it . this be too good to be true . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - day Craig be toweling himself off , hurriedly comb he hair . maxine enter . craig you be glow again . maxine a girl have a right to glow if she want . it 's in the fuck constitution . maxine sit . Craig smile to himself . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - evening Craig be feed the various cage animal . he put two plate of food in elijah 's cage . Lotte be ungagge and unbound now . she eat as Craig slump down next to the cage , gun in hand . craig it be lovely be you be malkovich , my dear . I would never see the passionate side of sweet maxine before , or she actual tit for that matter . if only , I have be think to myself , if only I could actually feel what malkovich feel , rather than just see what he see ... and then , dare I say it , if only I could control he arm , he leg , he pelvis , and make they do my bid . lotte it will never happen , fuckface . craig ah , but you be forget one thing , lambchop . lotte what 's that ? craig I be a puppeteer . Craig pick up the phone and dial . he smile as he hold the receiver up to Lotte 's face . CUT to : int . maxine's apartment - night malkovich and maxine be have sex on maxine 's couch . maxine Lotte , this be so good ... craig ( v.o. ) ( tense , commanding ) move right hand across she leave breast now . move right hand across she leave breast now . move right hand across she leave breast now . malkovich clumsily , awkwardly move he hand across maxine 's breast . craig ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , yes ! malkovich Holy shit , yes ! craig ( v.o. ) Holy shit ! he say what I say ! malkovich Holy shit ! he say what I say ! maxine Lotte ? be that you ? craig ( v.o. ) yes , yes , sweetheart , yes ! malkovich yes , yes , sweetheart , yes ! ( scared ) what the fuck be go on ? I be not talk . this be not I ! maxine oh , Lotte ... maxine kiss malkovich hard on the lip . there be a suck sound . CUT to : ext . ditch - night there be a pop and Craig land in the ditch . CUT to : int . maxine's apartment - night a panicked malkovich be pull on he clothes . malkovich something be make I talk . some goddamn thing be make I move . I gotta get out of here . maxine oh , dollface , it be just you passion for I take hold . malkovich no , dollface , I know what my passion take hold feel like . I gotta go . he leave . maxine fall back on the couch and sigh contentedly . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's live room - night a wet , mess Craig sit next to Lotte 's cage . Lotte be bound and gag . craig I do it , sweetie . I move he arm across you girlfriend 's glorious tit . I make he talk . and , oh , there be the beginning of sensation in the fingertip . ummmm -mmmm ! it 's just a matter of practice before malkovich become nothing more than another puppet hang next to my worktable . coffee ? CUT to : int . malkovich apartment - night malkovich pace nervously , a glass of whisky in he hand . Kevin Bacon sit on the couch and fiddle with a rubic 's cube . malkovich it 's like nothing I have ever feel before . I think I be go crazy . kevin bacon I be sure you be not go crazy . malkovich Kevin , I be tell you ... it be like nothing I have ... kevin bacon yeah yeah yeah . yadda yadda yadda . be you stone ? malkovich yes , but you see , someone else be talk through my mouth . kevin bacon you be stone . case close . end of story . how hot be this babe ? malkovich I think it might have be this Lotte woman talk through I . maxine like to call I Lotte . kevin bacon ouch . now that 's hot . she 's use you to channel some dead lesbian lover . let I know when you be do with she . this be my type of chick . malkovich I be do with she now . tonight really creepe I out . kevin bacon you be crazy to let go of a chick who call you Lotte . I tell you that as a friend . malkovich I do not know anything about she . what if she 's some sort of witch or something ? kevin bacon all the better . hey , hot lesbian Witches , next geraldo , buddy boy . ha ha ha . malkovich I gotta know the truth , Kevin . kevin bacon the truth be for sucker , johnny - Boy . CUT to : ext . apartment build - morning malkovich , in a baseball cap and sunglass , lean against the wall . after a moment , maxine emerge from the building and walk down the block . malkovich follow at a safe distance . CUT to : int . 7 1/2 floor - morning the elevator door be pried open . it 's pack . maxine and a few other people climb out . the last to emerge be malkovich . he be astound by the dimension of the floor . he turn the corner and see the long line of crouching fat people . maxine go into the office and close the door . maxine see " j.m. Inc. " stencile on the office door . he turn to the first fat man and line . malkovich Excuse I , what type of service do this company provide ? fat man you get to be John malkovich for fifteen minute . two hundred clam . malkovich ( quietly flip ) I see . fat man no cut , by the way . malkovich pound on the door . fat man ( cont 'd ) no cut ! several fat people jump on malkovich , and start beat he . Craig step out of the office . craig hey ! break it up ! break it up ! everybody get a chance to be ... the fat people climb off malkovich . his glass and cap have be knock off and everyone recognize he . fat man it 's he ! oh , we be so sorry Mr. malkovich ! I hope I and my associate from overeater anonymous do not hurt you too terribly . malkovich ( to Craig ) Inside . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - continuous Craig and malkovich enter . maxine look up , startle , but control it . maxine darling ! malkovich what the fuck be go on ? craig Mr. malkovich , my name be Craig schwartz . I can explain . we operate a little business she that ... simulate , for we clientele , the experience of ... be you , actually . malkovich simulate ? craig sure , after a fashion . malkovich let I try . craig you ? why I be sure it would pale in comparison to the actual experience . malkovich let I try ! maxine let he try . craig of course , right this way , Mr. malkovich . compliment of the house . Craig usher malkovich to the portal door , open it . malkovich ( repulse by the slime ) Jesus . malkovich climb in . the door close . craig what happen when a man climb through he own portal ? maxine ( shrug ) how the hell would I know ? I be not a philosophy major . CUT to : int . membranous tunnel - day malkovich crawl through . it 's murky . he 's tense . suddenly there be a slurping sound . CUT to : psychedelic montage we see malkovich hurtle through different environment . it 's scary : giant toad , swirl eddyy of garish , color light , naked old people point and laugh , black velvet clown painting . CUT to : int . restaurant - night malkovich pop into a chair in a swakn night club . he 's wear a tuxedo . the woman across the table from he be also malkovich , but in a gown . he look around the restaurant . everyone be malkovich in different clothes . malkovich be panicked . the girl malkovich across the table look at he seductively , wink and talk . girl malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich ... malkovich look confuse . the malkovich waiter approach , pen and pad in hand , ready to take they order . waiter malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich ? girl malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich . waiter malkovich malkovich malkovich . ( turn to malkovich ) malkovich ? malkovich look down at the menu . every item be " malkovich . " he scream : malkovich malkovich ! the waiter jot it down on he pad . waiter malkovich malkovich . malkovich push himself away from the table and run for the exit . he pass the stage where a girl singer malkovich be singin sensuously into the microphone . she be back by a ' 40' style big band of malkovich . singing malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich malkovich ... malkovich fly through the back door . CUT to : ext . ditch - day malkovich land with a thud in the ditch . Craig be wait there with he van . on its side be paint " see the World in malk -o -vision " follow by a phone number . malkovich be huddle and shiver and soaking wet . craig so how be it ? malkovich that ... be ... no ... simulation . craig I know . I be sorry ... malkovich I have be to the dark side . I have see a world that no man should ever see . craig really ? for most people it 's a rather pleasant experience . what exactly do you ... malkovich this portal be mine and must be seal up forever . for the love of God . craig with all respect , sir , I discover that portal . its my livelihood . malkovich it 's my head , schwartz , and I will see you in court ! malkovich trudge off along the shoulder of the turnpike . craig ( call after he ) and who 's to say I will not be see what you be see ... in court ? Cars whiz by malkovich . someone yell from a pass car . motorist hey , malkovich ! think fast ! malkovich look up . a beer can come fly out of the car and hit he on the head . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's apartment - night Craig be feed the animal . his gun be stick in he pants . he get to Lotte 's cage . she be bound but ungagge . she look haggard . lotte once this be a relationship base on love . now you have I in a cage with a monkey and a gun to my head . craig thing change . anyway , you give up you claim to that love the first time you stick you dick in maxine . lotte you fall in love with she first . craig yeah but I do not do anything about it . out of respect for we marriage . lotte you do not do anything about it out of respect for the fact that she would not let you near she with a ten foot pole , which be , by the way , about nine foot , nine inch off the mark anyway . craig ( beat ) that 's true . oh , God , Lotte , what have I become ? my wife in a cage with a monkey . a gun in my hand . betrayal in my heart . lotte maybe this be what you have always be , Craig , you just never face it before . craig perhaps you be right . I can not let you go though . too much have happen . you be my ace in the hole . lotte I need a shower . craig I be sorry . oh God , I be sorry . I be some kind of monster . I be the guy you read about in the paper and go , " he 's some kind of monster . " lotte you be not a monster , Craig . just a confuse man . craig I love you so much . she dial she phone , open she cage , put phone to she ear . craig ( cont 'd ) but I gotta go now . I have get to go be johnny . maxine ( o.s. ) j.m. Inc . be all that someone ... lotte we have to meet . maxine one hour . Craig hang up , tape Lotte 's mouth . craig I will tell you all about it when I get home . Craig exit . Lotte fiddle with the rope on she hand elijah , slump in the corner of the cage , blankly watch she move hand . suddenly he eye narrow . something be go on in he brain . we move slowly into he eye . dissolve to : ext . jungle - day it be a memory : blurry and overexpose , the color wash out . we see a weathered wooden sign which read " Africa . " the sound of run foot , huffing frantic breathe . we watch from up in a tree ( elijah 's Pov ) as two man in safari suit chase a couple of chimp across the jungle floor . the chimp be scream as the safari man tackle they and tie they up . the safari man laugh . safari man well , there monkey be not go nowhere . let 's get we a couple a brews ' fore the boss come back ... the safari man leave the chimp on the ground . we descend from the tree to the ground next to the bound chimp . one of the chimp look at the camera . he grunt and squeal . chimp one ( dubbed voice ) Son , untie you mother and I ! quickly ! before the great bald chimp - man return . a small pair of chimp hand enter into the frame and struggle to untie the rope , but to no avail . chimp two speak . chimp two ( dubbed voice ) hurry , elijah ! safari man why you little bastard ! elijah be wrestle to the ground amidst much scream . dissolve to : int . craig and lotte's apartment - day elijah shake off the memory and look determinedly at the rope on Lotte 's hand . he attempt to untie the knot . he work furiously and succeed . Lotte pull the tape from she mouth . lotte oh , elijah , you be magnificent ! elijah beam and scream for ecstatic joy . Lotte unlock the cage , and dial the phone . lotte maxine ! listen : it have not be I in John the last three time . Craig 's have I lock up in the apartment . he make I call you at gunpoint . it 's be he ! oh , God , it 's be he ! maxine ( o.s. ) ( beat , calmly ) really ? well , you know , he 's quite good . I be surprised . anyway , I have a session with malkovich I have to attend . I will speak with you soon . lotte but maxine , I think it be I you love . maxine ( o.s. ) I think so too , doll . I guess we be mistaken . maxine hang up . Lotte , visibly shake , dial the phone . lotte hello , Dr. lester ? CUT to : int . malkovich apartment - night the doorbell ring . malkovich answer it . maxine stand there , dress in a evening gown . malkovich come on in . maxine I can explain about the portal , darling . malkovich do not con I , maxine . we be over . I just let you up here to tell you that , and to tell you that I be take you and schwartz to court . maxine oh shut up . ( beat ) Craig , darling be you in there ? malkovich tense up , then shake he head in a awkward , puppet- like manner . when malkovich speak , it seem to be against he will . malkovich yes . how do you know it be I ? maxine Lotte call I . malkovich oh , so the bitch escape . maxine apparently you can control this malkovich fellow now . malkovich I be get better all the time . maxine I will say you be . let 's do it on he kitchen table , then make he eat a omelette off of it . malkovich ( as malkovich ) no ... damn ... you ... ( as Craig ) oh shut up , you overrate sack of shit . malkovich begin undress , and do a lewd bump and grind while look mortify . maxine giggle . malkovich ( Craig ) laugh wildly . CUT to : int . lester' office - night lester 's hand be in a bloody bandage . the juicer sit on hi desk . Lotte sit across from he look nervous and hollow - eye . lester you know I think it pay to leave juice - make to the train professional . you look terrible , my dear . lotte Craig steal maxine from I , Dr. lester . lester hmmm , a lesbian , be you ? I must inform you that I find that highly arouse . lotte no , you do not understand . I have be inside malkovich when I be with maxine ... lester ( slap Lotte furiously ) what ?! that be not allow . my God , you be suppose to be one of we . you know you must never partake of malkovich by yourself ! lotte no , I do not know that . lester oh , do not anyone show you the indoctrination video ? lotte no . lester oh , sorry . right this way . CUT to : int . screening room - night Lotte site next to lester in the darken auditorium . the projector whir . the screen light up . title : so you want to be JOHN malkovich a much young lester address the camera in this black and white film , which seem to have be make in the 50' . lester on film welcome , my fellow malkovichian . as you may already know , today a baby be bear into this sad world . we see a shot of a newborn . lester on film ( cont 'd ) his name be John Horatio hannibal malkovich . and we be the keeper of the door to he soul . one day , when he brain be big enough , we will all journey into he head and live there for all eternity . follow the teaching of we leader Karl marx , we will build the ultimate communist community , one body and hundred , maybe thousand , of brain inside work together to form a super human intellect capable of curing disease , stop all war , and ruling the world with a benevolent fist . we will take a wife , a woman of uncommon beauty and intellect , who be , as yet , still a infant herself . we see a photo of another infant , this one with a ribbon in she hair . lester on film ( cont 'd ) her name be floris horatia hannibella dement . lotte do floris know that she 's the choose ? lester well , I try to explain it to she , but ... lester point to he ear and shrug . CUT to : int . malkovich bedroom - night malkovich and maxine lie naked on the bed , look quite relaxed . maxine you still there , sweet ? malkovich yeah . I have figure out how to hold on as long as I want . oddly enough , it 's all in the wrist . maxine wow. ( little girl pout ) do a puppet show for I , Craig honey . malkovich you mean with malkovich ? maxine I would love to see you work . malkovich ( pleased ) really ? yeah . okay . malkovich lean over and kiss she , then get up . malkovich ( cont 'd ) I will do something I call " Craig 's dance of despair and disillusionment . " malkovich perform the same dance that the Craig pupper do at the beginning of the film . it be exactly the same , complete with impossible somersault and perspire brow . he finish by fall to he knee and weep . maxine ( move ) that be incredible . you be brilliant ! malkovich you see , maxine , it be not just play with doll . maxine you be right , my darling , it 's so much more . it 's play with people ! malkovich kiss maxine . she snuggle close to he . maxine stay in he forever ? malkovich ( as malkovich , scream ) no ! ( as Craig , calmly ) but how will we make a live , my love , if we clientele do not have access to we product ? maxine well , we will have all the money in malkovich 's bank account , plus he still get act work occasionally . malkovich ( as malkovich , break through ) no! please ! ( as Craig , to malkovich ) shut up , will you ? we be try to think here . ( to maxine ) it be sort of like be a puppeteer . I like that about it . maxine no one would ever have to know its not he . malkovich ( a idea ) wait a minute ! what if everybody know ? what if we present malkovich as the world 's most complicated puppet and I as the only puppeteer sophisticated enough to work he ? we would wipe the floor with the great mantini ! maxine oh , craiggy , that 's brilliant ! CUT to : int . lester' shrine room - night the worshipper be assemble . Lotte stand before they . lotte I have sin , unwittingly , against the community . and for this I be truly sorry . man # 2 w-w - what 's it like on the inside ? lotte oh , it 's glorious . it 's indescribable . man # 2 oooh , I wanna go . I wanna go . I say it 's time . lester perhaps you be right , Terry . we be all prepare , and perhaps this schwartz fellow be force we hand a bit . we will enter the portal tonight ! everyone cheer . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - night maxine and malkovich be furiously fill the portal with cement . suddenly malkovich stop and run to the office door scream a bloodcurdle scream . he stop just as suddenly , begin to strangle himself . malkovich ( Craig to malkovich ) shut up ! ( to maxine ) sorry , dear , I lose control for a minute . maxine ( kissing he ) it 's okay , my sweet . they go back to fill the portal . there be the sound of many shuffle foot in the hallway . the door fly open and the malkovichian lead by lester and Lotte burst in . malkovich and maxine turn with a start . lester aaaahhhh , the portal ! lotte ( to malkovich ) you bastard ! Lotte lunge for malkovich . lester grab she arm , hold she back . lester no ! do not harm the vessel ! lotte it 's Craig in there , I can tell . lester I understand , but we must protect the vessel at all cost . ( to malkovich ) please , Craig , please step aside and allow we to have what be rightfully ours . craig squatter 's rights , lester . Craig laugh somewhat maniacally . maxine slip she arm through Craig 's , join he in he laughter , and glance triumphantly over at Lotte . maxine now excuse we , we have a entertainment legend to create . lester ( to the cult member ) clear the way for they , my friend . they will be deal with in due time . the malkovichian grumble and let malkovich and maxine exit . lester ( cont 'd ) now , let 's see what we can do to salvage this portal ... for the sake of all that be good . the malkovichian converge on the seal portal , and begin claw desperately at the quick -dry cement . finger be scrape raw , and we see smear of blood and skin on the rough gray surface . CUT to : int . agent office - day a slick - look agent answer a buzzing phone . agent of course , send he right in . do not ever keep he wait again . do you understand ? malkovich and maxine enter . the agent stand , hold out he hand . agent ( cont 'd ) John ! great to see you ! sorry about the cunt at reception . malkovich this be my fiancee maxine . the agent shake maxine 's hand . agent great to see you , maxine . sorry about the cunt at reception . please have a seat . malkovich and maxine sit . agent ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything ? coffee ? Water ? maxine no thanks . agent ( into phone ) Teresa , get I a chicken soup . ( to malkovich and maxine ) Chicken soup ? maxine and malkovich shake they head " no . " malkovich I will get right to the point , Larry . I be a puppet now ... agent okay . malkovich I be be control by the world 's great puppeteer , Craig schwartz ... agent ( no clue ) oh yeah , he 's good . malkovich ... and I want to show off he skill by perform a one - puppet extravaganza in reno . maxine Vegas . malkovich Vegas . can you arrange that ? agent sure , sure . just let I make a couple of call . CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - day the cult member be still there , now with pick shovel . they be wear out and sweaty . the portal be excavate , but it seem rag and destroy . man # 2 emerge from the hole , a rope tie around he waist . man # 2 that 's the last of it , boss . lester peer through the door . lester well , let 's see what we have get here . lester crawl into the tunnel , the door slam behind he . CUT to : int . portal - continuous lester crawl through . there be a slurping sound and a flash of light . CUT to : int . bunker - day the scene be in black and white . bomb be drop . there be a blonde in forty clothes there . lester view the scene through somebody 's Pov . lester ( v.o. ) my God , where be I ? this seem so familiar . the person walk past a mirror . it 's Hitler . lester ( v.o. ) my God , I be Hitler in the bunker ! aaaahhhh ! aaaah ! director cut ! we look over to see a director and camera crew . lester ( v.o. ) oh , I be just the actor in that twilight Zone episode . there be a pop sound . CUT to : ext . ditch - day lester pop into the ditch . one of he cult member be wait with a car , and look hopeful . lester sadly shake he head " no . " CUT to : int . lester' shrine room - day the cult member mill about , drink coffee , chat . lester enter with the cult member who pick he up at the ditch . all quiet down and look over at he . lester thank you all for you effort , but I be afraid we can no longer get into malkovich through the portal . lotte ( panicky ) why not ? I need to get in there ! lester I be not certain , my dear , but I believe you husband have somehow psychically divert the route . lotte that bastard ! I will gladly dispose of he in the name of the order , Son of malkovich . lester I be afraid that no physical harm must come to he as long as he inhabit the vessel . man # 3 ( raise hand ) oooh , I get a idea ! what if we build another portal to malkovich , like around back , and sneak in that way ? man # 4 only Captain mertin know how to build a portal , dummy , and he 's dead ! lester actually , my friend , I suppose its time I tell you , I be Captain James mertin . the member fall into a stunne silence . lester take some refrigerator magnet and spell out l-e-s-t-e-r on a board . he then rearrange they for a while . lester ( cont 'd ) you see , lester be a anagram for mertin . lester continue to rearrange the letter , get a little tense now . lester ( cont 'd ) it use to work , I be sure of it . several member check they watch . lester ( cont 'd ) oh , damn it to hell . anyway , I be . l-e-s-t-e-r have be leave as e-l r-e-s-t as lester turn from the board to face the congregation . man # 3 how can this be ? I think you be only one hundred and five year old . mertin would have to be ... lester ( chuckle amiably ) I be two hundred and five , truth be tell . woman # 1 ( flirtatiously ) you do not look a day over one hundred and five , Captain . what 's you secret ? lester lot of carrot juice , little lady . that , and a deal with the Devil . there be a lot of murmure in the room now . man # 2 so what exactly be you say ? be we in cahoot with the Dark master here ? lester surprise . the cultist get tense , start to leave en masse . lester ( cont 'd ) wait ! it 's not that bad ! when we get into malkovich , we still get to rule the world , just like I tell you . the only difference be that we rule in the name of evil , instead of good . people stop in they track . man # 3 that 's the only difference ? lester absolutely . the cultist think about be , then shrug and stay put . lester ( cont 'd ) so anyway ... Lotte stand . lotte well , I for one , be resign . I will not serve evil . I be ashamed of all of you . Lotte head for the door . lester my dear , let I assure you that when we attain power , it will be much more pleasant for that inside malkovich , than for that outside . Lotte stop and turn . lotte I will take my chance . she exit . lester anybody else ? woman # 1 do we get to wear a crown ? lester but of course . woman # 1 Count I in . lester good . I think its time to beckon Mr. flemmer . perhaps he can help we out of this pickle . flip to : int . lester' shrine room - a bit later Mr. flemmer , a silver - haire gentleman in turtleneck and blazer , scratch he head . the cultist patiently watch he . flemmer Boy , this be a toughie . to be honest , I do not anticipate this . lester and as I say , sir , we can not very well exert physical persuasion upon the sacred vessel malkovich . flemmer right , lester . I hear you the first time . I be not a dummy . lester do not mean to imply that you be , sir . flemmer look , I be go back to my house to ponder this . so stay calm and keep track of schwartz 's coming and going . oh , and somebody dispose of schwartz 's wife , will you ? ( to cultist ) Nice to meet you all . the cult member ad-lib " same here , sir . " CUT to : int . craig and lotte's apartment - night Lotte site in the live room , in she pajamas , softly sobbing . the cage animal watch she . lotte oh , my friend . be thankful you be not human . people be treacherous and greedy and corrupt . I have lose my heart to two of they and I almost lose my soul to another . and I be no better . look at the way I keep you , lock in cage , for my own enjoyment . well , I have be in a cage too , my friend . literally and figuratively . so tonight I set you free . Lotte open the window and the front door , then unlock all the cage . the animal scurry and fly out of they cage , and out of the house . Lotte watch silently until she be alone . lotte ( cont 'd ) good-bye , friend . a hand reach for hers . she look down . elijah be still there and hold she hand . she smile . lotte ( cont 'd ) hello , friend CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night we see the menagerie of animal on the otherwise desert street , disperse into the night . a lone dark figure turn the corner , and walk slowly up the street to Craig and Lotte 's building . CUT to : int . craig and lotte's apartment - continuous Lotte and elijah see the dark figure come up the step . the buzzer ring . Lotte and elijah jump . lotte they have come to kill I , elijah . see , I know too much . I should get the door . it 's impolite to keep death wait . elijah look at she sweetly , a great sadness in he eye . then he lead she by the hand out the window . CUT to : ext . vega HOTEL - night the marquee read : World 's greatest puppeteer Craig schwartz and he magical puppet John malkovich . CUT to : int . dressing room - night malkovich sit in a tuxedo and watch himself in the dress table mirror . maxine , in a tight black number , recline on the couch . maxine this be it , lover . you be step onto that stage a nobody and presto-change - of , you be come back the great puppeteer the world have ever see . malkovich I be nervous . malkovich be fight I hard today . malkovich jerk a bit , get it under control . maxine do not he know how important tonight be to we ? malkovich he 's a selfish bastard . CUT to : int . las vega theater - night the house be fill with formally dress audience member . the cultist and lester , also in tux and gowns , be among they . the light go down . announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , it be the great privilege of the luxor hotel and casino to present Craig schwartz and he magical puppet John malkovich . the orchestra start up . the curtain part . lester blasphemous bastard . malkovich tap dance out onto the stage . he be amazingly nimble and the audience " ooh " and " aah . " lester ( cont 'd ) ( grudgingly ) pretty good though . malkovich do a amazing triple somersault , land on one knee and , with spread arm , begin sing : " kiss today Goodbye . " in a beautiful tenor . the orchestra catch up with he . the audience go wild . a pretty - boy young man with a big tousle of black hair and a shiny , tight suit appear at the back of the house . a usher glance over at he . usher oh , Mr. mantini ! we be not expect you tonight , sir . um , I be afraid there 's not a empty seat in the entire house . mantini ( not take he eye from the stage ) make one empty . usher y-y-y -es sir . the usher look nervously around for someone to boot . martini wait in the back . on stage , malkovich be now perform the " back of the car scene " from " on the waterfront . " he alternate between the marlon brando part and the Rod steiger part , move back and forth from one stool to the another . he perform it magnificently . we see lester in the audience wiping a small tear from he eye . lester not too shabby . mantini be now sit in a good aisle seat next to a beautiful woman . her boyfriend be be haul toward the exit by the usher . the beautiful woman watch , with some concern , as the boyfriend be take away . then she turn and smile flirtatiously at mantini . mantini smile back . on stage malkovich be dress in a ringmaster 's outfit and juggling chainsaw . mantini nothing more than a goddamn clown . at this point the entire audience stand and give malkovich a spontaneous stand ovation . all except mantini . even the cultist get up . CUT to : int . sewer - night Lotte sit sadly in the wet tunnel . she be scrunch - up against the damp cold . a small fire smolder in front of she . we hear footstep approach . it be elijah , carry supplies : food and blanket . he cover she with a blanket and sit down next to she . lotte they be go to take over the world , elijah . evil will reign . but , then , evil already reign , do not it ? so what difference do it make if John malkovich be wear the fuck crown while it 's reign ? elijah sigh , then hold he stomach . the ulcer be return . CUT to : int . flemmer' apartment - day it 's a conservatively furnish upper westside apartment . look like it belong to a Columbia professor . the wall be line with book . Mr. flemmer sit at he desk , he head in he hand , deep in think . the doorbell ring . flemmer it 's open . the door open and lester poke he head in . lester it 's just I , boss . I bring croissant . lester enter with a greasy white paper bag . flemmer have a seat . I wrack my brain over this malkovich thing . lester we see he show at the luxor last night . flemmer ( impressed ) Vegas ? what would you think ? lester the kid 's get talent . you have never see malkovich like this . schwartz have he up there sing and dance . impression . flemmer impression ? that be hard . lester very talented son of a bitch . too bad we can not kill he . flemmer I suppose I could come to he in a dream . I do not know . that 's the best I can think of right now . lester a scary dream ? flemmer no , a sexy dream . of course , a scary dream . lester ( noncommittally ) I like that . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - night malkovich sit on the floor in silk pajamas . he be surround by newspaper clipping . he be drink champagne from the bottle . maxine be at a dress table , brush she hair . malkovich they love I , darling ! " Craig schwartz be fantastic ! " the New York Times . " if only Craig schwartz have always be inside malkovich ! " woman 's wear Daily . " Craig schwartz - the world 's great puppeteer ! " Paul wunder , wbai Radio . maxine oh , darling . it 's a dream come true . we be go to ride this straight to the top . malkovich sleepy suddenly . maxine busy day , my little fire chief . why do not you climb into bed , and I will meet you there in just ... but malkovich be already pass out on the floor on top of he clipping . maxine smile maternally , get up and put blanket over he . we stay on malkovich 's face . dissolve to : int . hell - night Craig wander across a jag , rocky landscape . geyser of flame shoot up around he . the sky be red . he be frighten . he arrive at a desk . the man behind the desk be face away from he . he swivel to face Craig . it be flemmer , look the same as usual except for little red horn and a sinister grin . craig who be you ? flemmer I be the Devil . craig oh . flemmer leave malkovich . he be mine . craig okay . sorry . I do not know . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - continuous malkovich awake with a start . maxine look over at he . maxine bad dream , darling ? malkovich I have get to leave malkovich . maxine you have get to be kid . malkovich I just have the most horrifying nightmare . the devil be in it . flemmer crouch behind a bureau and listen . he be pleased with himself . maxine malkovich be we meal ticket . you can not back out because of some stupid dream . flemmer ( to himself ) shit . malkovich honey , we can be happy and poor together . maxine ( laugh derisively ) perhaps you will want to consult that ouija board again . there be a knock at the door . maxine open it , angry . maxine ( cont 'd ) yeah what ?! malkovich derek mantini ! mantini enter . maxine be suddenly interested . mantini and maxine give each other the once over . mantini ( still eyeing maxine ) hello , schwartz . I see you show . malkovich do you see the review ? mantini yeah , I see they malkovich because if you miss any , I just happen to have copy here you can take with you when you leave now . maxine I be maxine . I produce the evening with malkovich . mantini very impressive . I could use a producer with you vision . and other outstanding attribute . malkovich she 's not available . mantini we will see , schwartz . we will see . maxine yeah , we will see , schwartz . we will see . mantini I will not waste you time schwartz , or more importantly , mine . here 's my proposal : there 's only room in this world for one " World 's greatest puppeteer . " correct ? so let 's allow the puppet-go public to crown they king . malkovich how do we do that ? mantini a friendly competition , if you will . you malkovich puppet and my Harry S. Truman puppet appear opposite each other in a play . not some Vegas burly - q pyrotechnics , but a real play that require actual act . the audience decide who be more deserve of the title . the lose puppeteer bow out graciously . go back to obscurity as a file clerk . malkovich what 's the play ? mantini say ... " equus " ? it 's get everything . malkovich never hear of it . mantini Broadway 's finest three hour . it 's about the suppression of the individual . conformity as God in modern society . malkovich sound boring . be there any song ? mantini nothing but act to hide behind , buddy - boy . malkovich I be not afraid . I tour for a year with the National puppet company 's production of " Long Day 's journey into night . " mantini great then . malkovich be there dance ? mantini no . malkovich who need dance ? CUT to : int . flemmer' apartment - day lester be water flemmer 's plant . a key be hear in the door . flemmer enter , a small carry - on bag sling over he shoulder . lester how would it go ? do you say the philodendron get water or no ? flemmer no , for God 's sake , I just water it yesterday . ( beat ) it almost go well . I give a pretty good dream , but circumstance arise . lester what kind of circumstance ? flemmer maxine say she will leave he if he leave malkovich , plus he 's be challenge to a puppet-duel by mantini . lester the great mantini ? flemmer no , the mediocre mantini . of course the great mantini ! lester oh , he 's good ! great , actually . I see he do " tru " with he sixty foot Robert morse puppet . sensational . flemmer but I think I have another plan . lester ( snippy ) do tell . I love a good plan . flemmer why be you be like this ? lester shrug . lester I miss you . I be sorry . tell I the plan . flemmer well , if mantini win , schwartz will leave malkovich , right ? so , if he need it , I help mantini 's performance a bit , give he a edge . spice up the show . lester can you do that ? I mean , do you know anything about puppetry ? flemmer I be the Devil , lester . I think I can handle it . lester I be just ask . no disrespect intend . flemmer Fine . let 's drop it . lester Fine . I mean , it 's not like I be doubting you , it 's just that I know puppetry be a skill that take a long time to acquire . flemmer Fine . I be not mad . let 's just drop it . lester Fine . you mail 's on the kitchen table . mostly junk . oh , there 's a letter from Alex trebek . CUT to : int . sewer - night Lotte and elijah , now dirty and draw , be talk . elijah use sign language . elijah ( subtitles ) you have get to tell Craig what 's go on . he must never leave malkovich . lotte I be glad you learn sign language , elijah , but I be tired of you nag . I be tired of this conversation . I be tired period . what have the world ever do for I that I should feel personally responsible for save it ? elijah ( subtitles ) it be better to light one candle than curse the darkness . I learn that from you . Lotte turn away , shake . a tear roll down she face . lotte what have I become ? CUT to : ext . broadhurst theater - night the marquee read : derek mantini 's sixty - foot Harry S. Truman puppet and Craig schwartz 's actual - size John malkovich puppet in Peter shaffer 's " equus . " CUT to : int . broadhurst theater - night the house be pack . on stage be a minimalist set : wood plank and metal pole . six guy in brown turtleneck and stylize wire horse head mill about . the 60 foot Harry S. Truman puppet be pace , he string extend up into the flyspace and out of sight . malkovich sit on a bench . Truman and malkovich both take stab at british accent . harry S. truman puppet do you dream often ? malkovich do you ? harry S. truman puppet it 's my job to ask the question . your to answer they . malkovich say who ? harry S. truman puppet say I . do you dream often ? malkovich do you ? we see the audience fidget in they seat , cough . CUT to : int . broadhurst backstage - continuous the dialogue drone on as maxine watch coolly from the wing . she drag on a cigarette . Mr. flemmer , dress as a stagehand , stand behind maxine . he also watch the actor , with a occasional sideways glance at maxine . maxine ( without turn around ) keep you eye in you pants , old timer . CUT to : int . the broadhurst lobby - a bit later it 's intermission . the lobby be crowded . maxine move through the crowd listen to snippet of conversation . flemmer , now in a tuxedo , move about also . first couple : theatergoer # 1 that Truman puppet be downright boring as the psychiatrist . theatergoer # 2 it 's a wooden performance , really . get it ? wooden ? second couple : theatergoer # 3 what 's with the malkovich puppet ? he be much better in Vegas when he play the piano with he foot . theatergoer # 4 I hate it when they try to stretch . it 's like Woody Allen . third couple : theatergoer # 5 they both stink ! I be go across the street to second act miss saigon . CUT to : int . dressing room - a few minute later malkovich watch himself in he dress table mirror . maxine enter , flop herself down on the couch and light up a cigarette . maxine you would better turn on the pyrotechnics , lover , ' cause right now you be run neck and neck with the dead president . and you be both in last place . malkovich continue to watch himself in the mirror , nod he head . CUT to : int . catwalk above stage - continuous mantini lean against a rail and smoke a cigarette . Charles Nelson Reilly , in a tuxedo , confer with he in hushed tone . charle nelson reilly you be do beautifully , my boy . I wept at the speech about you wife . flemmer materialize behind mantini charle nelson reilly what the hell ? nyong-nyong ! mantini spin around to face flemmer . Reilly make a break for it . flemmer point a finger and Reilly freeze in mid-strut . flemmer then point a finger at mantini , and he , too , freeze . flemmer pick up the giant wooden control for the marionette , and pull a copy of the play from he pocket . CUT to : int . broadhurst stage - night we watch the second act in progress . the Truman puppet pace as he deliver a monologue . somehow he do not even seem to be a puppet anymore , so subtle and graceful be he movement and the change in he facial expression . it 's as if there 's a giant actual Harry Truman on stage . harry S. truman puppet I can hear the creature 's voice . it 's call I out of the black cave of the psyche . I shove in my dim little torch , and there he stand -- wait for I . he raise he matte head . he open he great , square tooth and say ( mock ) ' why ? ... why I ? ... why -- ultimately -- I ? ... do you really imagine you can account for me? totally , infallibly , inevitably account for me? ... poor Dr. dysart ! ' malkovich watch impressed and a little scared by this bravura performance . he glance out into the audience and see a silent , rapt crowd . dissolve to : int . broadhurst stage - a bit later malkovich be deliver a monologue . acting up a storm . during malkovich 's speech , Truman repeatedly attempt to upstage he , nodd he head , look thoughtful , raise he ten foot eyebrow in surprise ... malkovich eye ! ... White eye -- never close ! eye like flame -- come -- come ! ... God seest ! ... God seest ! ... no ! CUT to : ext . new york STREET - continuous a man hole cover be push off . Lotte climb out onto the street . she be dirty but determine . CUT to : int . broadhurst stage - later still malkovich be in convulsion on the floor . Big dramatic convulsion . Truman scoops he up , and place he on the bench . malkovich continue with the convulsion , milk it . Truman speak . harry S. truman puppet here ... here ... sssh ... sssh ... calm now ... lie back . just lie back ! now breathe in deep . very deep . in ... out ... in ... out ... that 's it ... in. out .. in ... out ... malkovich be breathe insanely now , try to keep the focus on himself . flemmer be in the catwalk , watch the crowd . the audience be watch malkovich . audience member ( to he wife ) that malkovich puppet be a damn fine actor . flemmer ( blood boil ) bastard be steal my thunder . malkovich and Truman on the stage . Truman be pace , swirl , dance , juggling enormous bowl pin as he talk . harry S. truman puppet all right ! I will take it away ! he will be deliver from madness . what then ? he will feel himself acceptable ! what then ? malkovich have upped he convulsion now . he watch Truman out of the corner of he eye while writhe tormentedly on the bench . he levitate . spin in mid-air . Falls on all four and do a uncanny impression of a yelping dog . Truman watch malkovich , continue to speak . but now , when he talk , fire come out of he mouth . harry S. truman puppet ( cont 'd ) I will heal the rash on he body . I will erase the welt cut into he body by fly mane . the audience " oooh " at the flame . malkovich rip off he clothes and convulse into the die swan - bit from " swan Lake . " the audience applaud . Truman continue he speech , now transform himself into a actual 60 foot swan and fly around the auditorium as he speak . harry S. truman puppet ( cont 'd ) you will not gallop anymore , Alan . horse will be quite safe . you will save you penny every week , till you can change that scooter into a car ... the audience watch the giant swan overhead , neck crane , in awe . malkovich sigh . he be out of he league . he go into a remarkable tap dance routine and sing " Mr. bojangle " , but nobody even look at the stage . the giant swan burst into flame , fly back onto the stage , burn to a crisp , then rise from he ash as the actual Harry S. Truman . Truman look confuse and disorient , as if just raise from the dead . actual truman where be I ? be not I dead ? ( possess ) vote for mantini ! Truman grow and grow until he be again just a giant puppet . the audience burst into applause , then deliver a stand ovation . Truman bow . flemmer laugh wildly in the catwalk . malkovich walk dejectedly from the stage . CUT to : int . backstage - continuous malkovich walk past maxine . she do not even look at he . thunderous applause be hear in the background . malkovich good-bye , maxine . maxine whatever . malkovich drop limply to the floor . he lift he head . malkovich ( weak but relieved ) I be back ! my nightmare be over . CUT to : int . catwalk - continuous flemmer watch malkovich from above . he pull out a walkie-talkie . flemmer ( into walkie- talkie ) okay , now ! CUT to : int . craig and maxine's office - continuous lester be surround by all the malkovichian . he hold the walkie-talkie , have just receive word . he nod , and the malkovichian crawl in single file into the portal , while shriek a war cry . CUT to : int . backstage - continuous maxine watch as malkovich pull himself up off the ground . suddenly , he be again possess , first by one person , then by two , then by three , he body jerk and pulsate with each new occupant . it 's almost like pop corn , start out slowly , then go faster and faster , until malkovich be possess by all fifty malkovichian . he shriek a war cry and run out onto the stage . CUT to : int . stage - continuous the Truman puppet now hang limply from the catwalk . malkovich hover just above the stage and address the audience . malkovich ( now sounding like fifty voice ) I be you earthly king ! kneel before I ! the audience scoff at first , but then be compel to they knee . crowd ( like automaton ) hail malkovich , king of the damned . malkovich laugh , give the thumb up sign to flemmer in the catwalk . flemmer give the thumb up sign back . Lotte appear in the back of the theater , a out -of - breath figure in shadow . it be too late . she run from the theater . CUT to : int . backstage - continuous maxine watch , somewhat amused . she turn and head for the exit . CUT to : ext . new jersey tunpike - night a deject Craig walk along the shoulder . he be wet and cold . we hold on he for a long while until he eventually merge with the landscape . fade out fade in ext . manhattan STREET - day chyron : later that week something be wrong . it 's a typical midtown street , but everything be paint gray : the building , the street , the sidewalk , the car . people walk along the street , carry gray briefcase , wear gray jumpsuit . nobody talk , nobody smile . Gray bird fly silently in the sky . there be no noise whatsoever . there be several movie theater on the block . all marquee advertise John malkovich movie . around the corner come malkovich . he be float about ten foot off the ground on a enormous , bright red , jewele throne . he wear a gold crown and purple silk robe and smile condescendingly , majestically . floris sit on he lap . she be dress in a orange satin gown . nobody on the street look up . malkovich ( fifty voice ) greeting , my lowly subject . floris great thing , my lonely subtext ? malkovich ( roll he eye ) Boy , be careful what you wish for . ( to floris ) never mind , dear . just enjoy the ride , will you ? floris shrug , pick at she finger nail . malkovich ( cont 'd ) ( to the people on the street ) I be bored . you will dance for you king now . without pause the entire street of gray clad people break into a meticulously choreograph production number . totally silent , totally joyless , but exquisitely execute . we see that maxine be one of the anonymous dancer . her face be void of expression . malkovich laugh . malkovich ( cont 'd ) faster ! faster , my little train monkey ! the crowd dance faster and faster . older people fall over , exhaust , clutching they heart . nobody stop dance to help , nobody dare . CUT to : ext . central park - day Bird 's eye view of the park . it 's all paint gray . every tree , every leaf . there 's no sign of life . the camera move in , through some gray tree and gray brush to : a lush GREEN oasis camouflaged on the top and side with gray paint this place be fill with life : colorful bird , lizard , cat , a rooster . all the animal be active , happy , but totally silent , as if they know the precariousness of they position . Lotte and elijah sit among they . this be the animal that she freed earlier . Lotte and elijah hold hand and look into each other 's eye . we see that they both wear gold band . they be husband and wife . elijah sign . elijah ( subtitles ) must you take this terrible demon on yourself , my love ? lotte yes . I be the only one . I have to enter malkovich and destroy he from the inside . if not I , who ? elijah ( subtitles ) if there be any way I could go in you place . but I be only a monkey and ... lotte ( put finger to he lip ) hush , sweetheart . Lotte slip into a gray jumpsuit . she stuff a homemade bomb on she pocket . she and elijah kiss passionately , then embrace . lotte ( to the animal ) I will be with you always , my friend . who know , maybe if I be lucky , I will rejoin you with wing and a beak . elijah ( subtitles ) wing and a halo , my darling . wing and a halo . Lotte turn quickly . this be too much to bear . she descend into a storm drain . the animal stop what they be do . parrot ( softly ) good-bye . good-bye . dissolve to : ext . mertin -flemmer build - day a man-hole cover lift . Lotte poke she head out . the coast be clear . she emerge . assume the dead -ey expression of the other , and enter the building . CUT to : int . elevator - day Lotte watch the floor change . after seven , she press the emergency stop button . the elevator jerk to a halt . she pick up the crow bar in the corner , pries open the door . the 7 1 / 2 floor be go . nothing be there but pipe and wire and beam . she climb out onto the floor . CUT to : int . between floors - continuous Lotte searched the floor for some sign of the portal . it be nowhere to be find . there be a noise behind she . she turn with a start . it 's Craig , rag and ill-shaven . lotte my God ! craig I be so glad you be safe . you look really wonderful . lotte I be in love . for the first time . it 's funny , but when it happen to you , there 's no question . craig he 's a lucky man . ( beat ) do I know he ? lotte it 's elijah . craig the iguana ? lotte the monkey . craig oh , right . as long as you be happy . I be sure he 's a better lover than I ever be . lotte a better friend . craig ( beat ) I be sorry for everything . lotte ( peck he on the cheek ) it 's okay , Craig . it all work out , in a odd sort of way . craig you come up here look for the portal ? lotte yeah . I be go to kill he from the inside . craig and yourself too in the process . God , you be so beautiful . why could not I see that before ? lotte you see it once . now you see it again . that 's life , be not it ? and you be up here to try the same thing , be not you ? craig I suppose . but they get here first , the lousy bastard . so now it 's all over , I guess . lotte I do not know . there 's a small community of we . we have a place they do not know about . we be happy . we will keep try to figure out a way . come stay with we . join the struggle . craig you will have I , after all I have do to you ? lotte people make mistake . craig I be through with puppet , Lotte . I just want you to know that . lotte I know . craig I would like to be a farmer . I want to help thing grow , to encourage life . do you and you friend need a farmer ? lotte sure . we could really use a farmer . we would be grateful for the help . ( beat ) also , I think , you know , if you would not mind too terribly , a little puppet show every once in a while , would do a lot to lift we spirit . you know , if you would not mind too terribly . Craig 's eye well up with tear . Lotte look at he sweetly . lotte ( cont 'd ) oh honey . it 's gonna be okay . she put she arm around he and lead he toward the elevator . craig I love you , Lotte . we come on very close to Craig 's arm as he lift it to put it around Lotte . we see a thin almost invisible filament . we follow it up , and discover that Craig be now a marionette be control from above by a emotionless mantini in a gray jumpsuit . mantini ( in Craig 's voice ) I can not wait to see where you and you friend live , Lotte . lotte ( o.s. ) it 's beautiful , Craig , like eden . now we see filament attach to mantini 's arm , and with follow they up to find that flemmer be control mantini . flemmer one serpent , come up . flemmer throw he head back and laugh . the camera move into he mouth and down he throat , which , oddly enough , look exactly like the membranous John malkovich portal tunnel . music in : " put you Hand Inside the puppet head " by they might be Giants . it play throughout the credit . fade out the end