fade in : ext . townhouse garden - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon a afternoon in late November , the leave have leave the tree , and the early darkness of a winter dusk approach . the garden be long and narrow , guard on either side by a high brick wall . at one end stand the rear of a three - story brick townhouse ; at the other , a one story brick building . classical music be hear in the distance . a man , handsomely dress in a well - tailore suit of the 1920' , work in the garden . a gardener 's apron protect he suit from the earth as he turn the loam along one of the walkway . he work slowly , - precisely , obviously engross in he surroundings . this man be call chance . chance stop work for a moment , take a pocket watch from inside he coat , check the time . he look to the darken sky , return the watch to he pocket . as chance start toward the one story brick building , he take a spotless rag from he apron pocket and wipe the dirt from the tine of he pitchfork . int . garage - afternoon the sound of the music increase as chance enter the garage from the garden . a gleam 1921 touring car be reveal as he walk through the garage and lean the pitchfork against a wall . chance take a neatly fold cover from a shelf , carefully put it over the car . when he finish cover the car for the night , chance pick up the pitchfork , leave the garage through a side entry . int . potting room - afternoon the pot room be fill with the tool of the gardener , everything arrange in a orderly fashion . row of small pot be on table , young plant sprout from some of they . a small , 1940 's table model black - and - white tv rest on a shelf . it be play , tune to the boston pop orchestra . attach to the front of the screen be a wheel contain color gel . the wheel spin , create a early form of color tv . as chance enter , he attention be on the television set . he watch it as he oil the tine of the pitchfork and put it away . chance turn off the tv and leave the room , but the sound of the Boston pop continue . int . chance' room - afternoon a room adjacent to the pot room . a large screen remote control color television set dominate the room . it be on , tune to the Boston pop . in contrast to the new tv , the rest of the room be sparsely but tastefully decorate with expensive furniture of the twenty . there be no book , magazine , newspaper or read matter of any kind to be see . chance come in , watch the tv with a detach gaze as he remove he apron . he change the channel with the remote control as he put he apron and the pitchfork rag into a laundry bag . he take off he suit jacket , hang it in the closet where it be accompany by several other , all of like quality . chance change the channel once again . ext . garden - night chance , wear a different suit and carry the laundry bag , cross from the rear building to the main house . int . MAIN house - rear entrance / hallway - night the interior of the main house have the mustiness of age , the warmth of oak . White dropcloth and sheet cover all of the furniture . chance enter , walk through the hallway . int . MAIN house - dine room - night a large dropcloth be over the dining room table and chair . it be neatly fold back at one end , leave one chair and place set uncover . a small portable color tv be next to the place set . chance enter , put he laundry bag on a cover table near the doorway . he sit at the dining room table , turn on the tv , and carefully unfold he napkin , put it on he lap as he watch the screen . louise , a elderly black may , enter with a tray of food and chance 's clean laundry . louise ( set dinner before chance ) ... even , chance . chance ( slowly , perfect diction , no accent of any kind ) ... good evening , Louise . Louise set chance 's clean clothes on the small table , pick up he laundry bag . louise ... the Old man be get weaker , chance . chance ( begin to eat ) I see . louise I be afraid he 's slippin ' a bit with every hour that go by ... chance , he manners impeccable , concentrate on the tv as he eat . a buzzer sound , Louise look upstairs . louise ( cont 'd ) ... back up that stair - damn ... that man 's needin ' I more and more just before he never need I again ... chance ( still watch tv ) be he back feel better ? Louise give chance a look . louise ... gobbledegook ... you and you gobbledegook . you be gonna be the death of I yet , chance ... ( she turn to leave ) ... unless that stair be ... the good Lord 's liable to snatch up two unwillin ' soul at the same time if I keep on trampin ' up that stair ... I do not want none of that ... Louise disappear through the doorway . chance continue to eat and watch tv . int . chance' room - dawn chance be asleep , lie on he back . his eye slowly open , and , with no change of expression , he sit up and turn on the tv with the remote control . chance get out of bed , go to the dresser and take he pocket watch out of a drawer , check the time . he cross to the closet , he eye never straying from a early morning show on television . he put on a bathrobe and leave the room . int . potting room - dawn chance enter , turn on the tv with the spin color wheel , then water a few of the pot with a sprinkle can . he turn off the tv and exit . int . garage - dawn chance come into the garage , take the cover off of the touring car , fold it and put it on a shelf . he leave the garage . int . chance' room - dawn chance return to he room , change channel on the television , take off he robe and hang it back up in the closet , then go into the bathroom . ext . garden - morning a light snow be fall . the door to the small building open , chance peek out , then go back inside . a few second pass and chance reappear , this time with a umbrella . smartly dress in suit and tie , he cross to the main house . int . MAIN house - rear entrance / hallway - morning chance open the door , shake off and close the umbrella before enter . he hang the umbrella on a doorknob , then head for the dining room . int . dine room - morning repeating he ritual , chance enter the dining room , sit , turn on the tv , carefully spread he napkin on he lap . he watch the screen for a moment , then turn , expect Louise . she do not appear , so he turn back , watch tv . after a few beat , chance hear Louise 's footstep hurry down the stair . she come into the dining room , visibly distraught . chance look up , smile . chance good morning , Louise . louise ( out of breath ) he 's dead , chance ! the Old man 's dead ! chance ( flatly , turn back to tv ) ... I see . louise must of happen durin ' the night , I do not know ... Lord , he be not breathin ' and as cold as a fish . I touch he , just to see , and you believe I , chance - that 's doin ' more than I get pay to do ... then I just cover he up , pull the sheet over he head ... chance ( nodd ) yes . I have see that do . louise then I get the hell out of that room and call the doctor and I think I wake he probably , he be not any too alert . he just say , ' yeah , he 's be expectin ' it and say he would send somebody over ...' Lord , what a mornin ' ! chance ( watch news , flash of season 's first snowfall ) ... yes , Louise , it 's snow in the garden today . have you look outside and see the snow ? it 's very white . a beat of silence from Louise , then anger . louise dammit , Boy ! be that all you get to say ? more gobbledegook ? ( chance smile , be silent ) that Old man 's layin ' up there dead as hell and it just do not make any difference to you ! chance ( with a smile , accept death ) yes , Louise . I have see it often . it happen to old people . louise well , be not that the truth ... chance yes . it be . Louise throw back the cover from a chair next to chance and sit , soften a bit toward he . louise oh , Lord , chance - I do not know what I be expectin ' from you ... I be sorry for yellin ' like I do ... no sir , I just do not know what I be expectin' ... ( chance do not react , watch tv ) ... I 'spose I would better gather up some breakfast for you ... chance ( a turn to she ) yes , I be very hungry . louise ( rise , look upstairs ) well , no more stewin ' that prune every mornin ' , that 's something ' , I guess ... ( she start out , stop by the door ) ... what be you goin ' to do now , chance ? chance ( gaze at tv ) I be go to work in the garden . Louise give chance a long look , then turn to leave . louise ( as she go ) ... I will get you some egg . chance nod in approval , then change the channel on the tv . int . MAIN house - servant stairway - morning a enclose stairway . chance enter , proceed up the stair . int . MAIN house - upstair hallway - morning chance come out of a doorway adjoin the main staircase . he move off down the hall . int . MAIN house - old man be room - morning the furniture in this room be not cover with sheet but the Old man be . there be a polite knock at the door , then chance enter the room . as chance move slowly to the Old man 's bed , we sense a feel of respect from chance , as well as a bit of curiosity . chance stand by the side of the bed for a moment , then he reach down and gently pull the sheet back from the Old man 's face . he touch the man 's forehead , lightly , briefly , then replace the sheet . chance move to the tv ( like the one in he own room ) and turn it on . he sit in a easy chair next to the Old man' bed and watch a movie from the early forty . chance put a arm out , rest it on the Old man 's cover body . with the other , he change the channel with the remote control . he return to the channel with the forty movie and seem to become absorb in a scene in which a gentleman tip he hat to a lady . the scene seem to have ' sink into ' he mind . ext . garden - morning it have stop snow . chance , wear a hat , the gardening apron over he suit and boot , putter in the garden . Louise come out of the main house . she be dress warmly , a scarf over she head , a heavy coat . chance see she , tip he hat to Louise exactly like the man he see on television . louise ... well , be not you the gentleman this mornin ' ... ( a pause ) ... gotta go now , chance ... chance ( resume work ) yes . louise you be gonna need somebody , someone 's gotta be around for you , boy ... ( he keep work ) ... you oughta find yourself a lady , chance ... ( she smile slightly , with caring ) but I guess it oughta be a old lady , ' cause you be not gonna do a young one any good , not with that little thing of yours ... ( she reach out , put a hand on he shoulder ) ... you be always gonna be a little boy , be not you ? ( he smile , keep work ) ... Goodbye , chance ... Louise give he shoulder a squeeze , turn and move toward the house . chance ( as she go ) Goodbye , Louise . Louise wave as she enter the townhouse . chance tip he hat once again as she disappear . int . MAIN house - front hallway - morning Louise enter the hallway , pick up a couple of suit case wait by the door . she stop as she see two men in white carry a stretcher down the main staircase . she notice the ease with which they bring the Old man 's body down the stair . louise ... he use to be a big man ... ' spose he waste away to about nothin ' ... ( a beat - then she talk to the body of the old man ) ... I guess I will be goin ' off to find I some folk , Old man ... I be not batty enough to stay around this neighborhood any longer ... the stretcher bearer move to the front door . Louise step in front of they . louise ( cont 'd ) ( to stretcher bearer ) wait up ! I be goin ' out that door first . Louise take one more look at the cover body , then open the front door , leave . int . chance' room - day the tv play offstage as chance wash up in the bathroom . he finish , come into the bedroom , take a pair of house slipper from he closet , turn off the television and leave the room . ext . garden - day chance , carry he slipper , cross through the layer of fresh snow to the townhouse . int . dine room - day chance , wear the slipper , enter and sit at he place . he turn on the tv , put the napkin on he lap . he watch tv for a moment , then turn , look for Louise . she do not appear so he resume watch tv . he change channel , view a wildly exciting football game . at a peak in the excitement , he again switch channel . chance watch tv News coverage of the president of the United States greeting foreign dignitary at the White House . close shot on television reveal that the President use a two -hande handshake when meeting he guest . unconsciously , chance grip one hand with the other , the scene on tv seem to have ' sink into ' he mind . int . townhouse - front hallway - day a key be hear in the lock . the door open and thomas franklin and sally haye enter . Franklin , a attorney , be in he late thirty , carry a large briefcase . haye be young , attractive , also a attorney . she tote a briefcase , have the look of a modern , liberated woman . haye appear to be surprised at the interior of the house . haye ( look around ) ... this be another world , Tom - I never would have believe it ... franklin yeah ... he and my father use to ride together back in the thirty ... Fox hunt ... before I be bear ... haye ... would you take I on a tour ? franklin gladly ... ( he smile ) ... the safe be in Mr. jenning ' bedroom , that will be stop number one . Franklin put a hand on haye ' shoulder as they , go off down the hall . int . dine room - day chance still watch tv , wait for Louise to serve he . Franklin and haye appear in the doorway of the dining room . they be both surprised to see chance . franklin ... why ... hello , we think we hear something ... ( move to chance , hand outstretch ) I be Thomas Franklin . chance remain seat , take Franklin 's hand warmly in both of he like the President do on tv . chance hello , Thomas ... I be chance , the gardener . franklin ( a beat ) ... the gardener ? ( think it 's a joke , laugh ) ... yes , of course ... Mr. chance , this be Ms. haye . haye move to shake chance 's hand . haye Mr. chance , I be very pleased to meet you . chance ( do not rise , again shake with both hand ) yes . chance turn back to the tv and haye and Franklin exchange look . franklin ( after a uneasy pause ) ... we be with Franklin , jenning and Roberts , the law firm handle the estate . chance ( a smile , totally at ease ) yes , Thomas - I understand . another period of silence . Franklin and haye seem perplex . franklin ... be you wait for someone ? a appointment ? chance yes . I be wait for my lunch . franklin you lunch ? you have a luncheon appointment here ? chance yes . Louise will bring I lunch . franklin Louise ?... the may ?... ( a look to haye ) but she should have leave earlier today ... chance ( smile at haye ) I see ... franklin ( a beat ) ... you have quite a sense of humor , Mr. chance - but all kid aside , may I ask just what you be do here ? chance I live here . franklin you live here ? ( a look to haye ) ... we do not have any record of that . chance yes . it 's very cold outside today , be not it , Thomas ? franklin ( a beat ) ... how long have you be live here ? chance ever since I can remember , since I be a child . franklin ( doubting ) since you be a child ? chance yes , Thomas . I have always be here . I have always work in the garden . haye ... then you really be a gardener ? chance yes . haye you appearance do not suggest that at all , Mr. chance . chance oh . thank you . franklin do you have any proof of you employment , Mr. chance - any check from the decease , any contract or document ? chance no . franklin how be you compensate for this duty you say you perform ? chance compensate ...? franklin how be you pay ? chance I be give meal , and a home ... haye what about money ? chance I never need money . Franklin step to the tv , turn it off . franklin Mr. chance , perhaps you could show we some identification with you address -- a Driver 's license , a credit card , checkbook ? chance no , I do not have any of that . franklin then how about medical record ? could you give we the name of you doctor , or you dentist ? chance I have no need for a doctor or dentist . I have never be ill . I have never be allow outside of this house , and , except for Joe , I have never have any visitor . franklin ... Joe ? who 's Joe ? chance ( turn tv back on ) Joe saracini . he be a mason that do some repair on the brickwork at the rear of the house . that be in 1952 . franklin 1952 ...? chance ( change channel ) yes . I remember when he come . he be very fat and have short hair and show I some picture from a funny little book . haye some picture ...? chance yes . of man and woman . haye ... oh . franklin Mr. chance , that be twenty - seven year ago . chance yes and the Old man use to come to my garden . he would read and rest there . franklin come now , Mr. jenning have be bedrid for thirty - five year , since he fracture he spine . chance yes , Thomas , that be correct . then he stop visit my garden . franklin ( a beat ) ... we shall need some proof of you have reside here , Mr. chance . chance you have I , I be here . what more proof do you need ? Franklin and haye exchange look . int . townhouse - rear entrance / hallway - afternoon chance put on he snow - boot as Franklin and haye continue they question . franklin have you serve in the Army ? chance no , Thomas . but I have see the Army on television . haye how about tax , Mr. chance , surely you must have pay tax ? chance no . chance pick up he slipper and lead the attorney outside . ext . garden - afternoon chance describe he garden with pride as they walk toward the rear building . chance ( point ) that tree be very young when I first arrive . franklin be you related to the decease , Mr. chance ? chance no , I do not think so . and I have plant and shape all the hedge , and in the springtime you will be able to see my flower . haye might you have a birth certificate , Mr. chance ? chance no. ( point to wall ) that 's where Joe fix the brick . they arrive at the rear building and chance open the door to the garage . Franklin and haye follow he inside . int . garage - afternoon Franklin and haye be take aback by the touring car . franklin ( admire car ) ... do you drive this , Mr. chance ? chance no , Thomas . I have never be in a automobile . haye ( amaze ) you never be in a car ? chance be silent for a moment , he blushes slightly . chance ... well ... from time to time I do sit in it ... just in here ... it have not be outside since the Old man hurt himself . ( he turn ) I live in here . chance move toward he room , Franklin and haye follow . int . chance' room - afternoon chance sit on the bed to remove he boot as haye and Franklin inspect the room . chance the Old man give I nice television set , this one have remote control . ( he turn it on with the remote ) he have one just like it . franklin Mr. chance , the fact remain that we have no information of you have any connection with the decease . chance yes , I understand . chance put on he slipper , cross to the closet , open the door . it be fill with men' wear . chance I be allow to go to the attic and select any of the Old man 's suit . they all fit I very well . I can also take he shirt , shoe and coat . haye it be quite amazing how that clothes have come back into style . chance yes . I have see style on television . franklin ( get back to business ) what be you plan now , Mr. chance ? chance I would like to stay and work in my garden . chance turn to watch tv . Franklin take haye to a side of the room . franklin ( quietly ) ... what do you make of all this ? haye I really do not know , Tom - he seem so honest and simple ... in a way , he 's quite charming ... franklin ( look at chance ) ... yeah ... haye ... it 's very bizarre - I do not know what to think ... franklin well ... he 's either very , very bright or very , very dense - he 's hard to figure ... ( he unzip briefcase ) ... let 's just keep everything legal . Franklin take out some papers , approach chance . franklin Mr. chance , assume what you say be the truth , I would like to know what sort of claim you be plan to make against the decease 's estate . chance ( do not understand ) I be fine , Thomas . the garden be a healthy one . there be no need for a claim . franklin good . that 's good . then if you would please sign a paper to that effect . Franklin hand the release to chance but chance do not take it . chance no , Thomas . I do not know how to sign . franklin come now , Mr. chance . chance ( smile ) I have no claim , Thomas . franklin but you will not sign , correct ? chance correct . franklin very well , Mr. chance - if you insist on drag this matter on ... but I must inform you this house will be close tomorrow at noon . if indeed , you do reside here , you will have to move out . chance move out ? I do not understand , Thomas . franklin I think you do , Mr. chance . however , I will reiterate , this house be close and you must leave ... ( he give chance he business card ) call I if you change you mind about signing . ( turn to haye ) c'mon , Sally - let 's grab a bite ... haye ( a smile to chance ) good day , Mr. chance . chance ( return smile ) good day , Sally . chance watch as they leave , then put Franklin 's card on a desk without ever look at it and turn to stare at television . int . townhouse - attic - afternoon a large attic fill with the Old man 's possession of the past . chance enter , turn on a old black - and - white tv with a magnify lens attach to the front . as it play , he select a fine leather suitcase from several , take a hand make suit from a long rack . int . chance' room - afternoon the tv be on as chance pack he belonging . ext . garden - afternoon chance , very nicely dress , come out of the rear building carry he suitcase . he stop on occasion to inspect he garden as he walk toward the townhouse . int . townhouse - front hallway - afternoon chance be reluctant to open the front door . after some hesitation , he gather up he courage , open it and step outside , close the door behind he . ext . front of townhouse - afternoon chance stop short on the front step ; the townhouse be situate in a decaye ghetto . the snow be a dirty grey , house adjoin have they window shattered , be smear with grafitti . chance try to return to the safety of the townhouse , but the door be lock . he stand on the step for a moment , then move to the trash laden sidewalk . he stop , ponder which way to go , finally make up he mind and move off to he leave . ext . ghetto STREET - afternoon the building be crumble , rusted out car line the street . a group of Black people huddle together in threadbare stuff furniture on the sidewalk , a fire burn between they for warmth . chance round the corner , walk up to they . he stand by they , smile . they stare back , no sign of friendship in they face . chance nod politely to they , then walk away down the sidewalk . ext . ghetto STREET - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon a group of eight to ten hard - core ghetto youth hang out on a corner . other passersby give they a wide berth , they be unapproachable . chance near the group , approach . chance ( friendly ) ... Excuse I , would you please tell I where I could find a garden to work in ? they turn to he as one , silent , amaze that this White trespasser would intrude on they jiving . chance ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat ) ... there be much to be do during the winter , I must start the seed for the spring , I must work the soil ... one of the Black youth , lolo , interrupt chance . lolo what you growin ' , man ? the leader of the gang , abbaz , shut up lolo with a elbow and move menacingly forward . abbaz ( nose to nose with chance ) ... what you doin ' here , boy ? chance I have to leave my garden . I want to find another . abbaz bullshit . who send you here , boy ? do that chickenshit asshole raphael send you here , boy ? chance no. Thomas Franklin tell I that I have to leave the Old man 's house , he 's dead now , you know ... abbaz Dead , my ass ! now get this , honkie - you go tell raphael that I be not takin ' no jive from no western Union messenger ! you tell that asshole , if he get something ' to tell I to get he ass here himself ! ( edge closer to chance ) you get that , boy ? chance smile at abbaz and reach into he pocket . chance yes . I understand . ( he take out he remote control tv changer ) if I see raphael I will tell he . chance point the changer at abbaz and click it three time , try to change the picture . abbaz immediately pull out a switchblade , whip the blade open . abbaz ( hold knife at chance ) now , move , honkie ! before I cut you white ass ! chance , disappointed that the changer do not work , return it to he pocket . chance yes . of course . ( as he leave ) good day . abbaz , lolo and the gang watch he go , then begin to buzz with excitement : " who the fuck die ? " " why would he pull that changer on we , man ? " " the Old man die , must be papa Joe ! " " he 's some weird honkie , man . " ext . chinatown - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon a bulletin board affix to a storefront in Chinatown . chance gaze at the note pin to it , write in chinese . smiling , he turn from it , walk on through the area . ext . porno area - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon a street line with adult book store , x-rate movie and strip joint . a elderly Black woman approach carry a bag of grocery . chance step in front of the woman , stop she . chance I be very hungry now . would you please bring I my lunch ? the woman look up to chance , become very frighten . she turn and half - run into a sleazy bar for safety . chance watch after she for a moment , then continue along . ext . park - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon chance stand look through a chain - link fence watch some teenage boy play basketball . he bang on the fence , call to they . chance I have see you game ! I have watch elvin haye play it many time ! they call he " Big E ! " the boy ignore he , chance walk away . ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. STREET - late afternoon chance walk down the center meridian of a divide street . he seem oblivious to the automobile pass on either side . in the background can be see the Washington monument . ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. STREET - late afternoon chance seem stump on which way to go . he look up one street , then the other , have no idea where they lead . he turn , look behind he and see a large statue of benito juarez point . chance smile and go off in the direction that benito point . ext . rear of the white house - dusk tourist be gather around gape through the fence at the White House . chance be turn the other way , inspect the branch of a die tree . chance move to a policeman stand nearby . chance Excuse I ... ( point to tree ) ... that tree be very sick . it should be care for . the policeman look at the tree , then at chance , figure a man dress that well must be important . policeman yes sir . I will report it right away . chance yes . that would be a good thing to do . good day . policeman good day . the policeman take out he walkie-talkie as chance walk away . ext . business district - evening a fashionable area . expensive shop , well - keep street and sidewalk . a television store have catch chance 's eye . he stand by the display window , look in at a dozen or so color tvs , all turn on , play various channel . a video camera point outward from a corner of the window and be focus on the sidewalk to allow potential customer to see themselves live on a advent tv . chance be intrigue by he own image . he pose , lift one arm , then the other to make sure that it be really he on television . he move forward , smile , then move slowly backward , notice himself become smaller on the screen . he step back off the curb , frown as he likeness disappear from frame on the advent . stand between two park car , chance take out he remote control , click it at the advent . four or five other set in the window change channel , but he do not reappear on the giant screen . as he do this , the car to he , leave , a large , american - make limousine , back up . the car bump chance , pin he against the car to he right . chance cry out in pain , drop he suitcase , he changer , and bang he hand on the trunk of the limo . the chauffeur , david , and the liveryman , jeffrey , immediately jump from the car , run back to chance . david I be very sorry , sir ... I ... David and Jeffrey reach out to help , but chance be wedge solidly between the two car . chance ( in pain ) ... I can not move ... my leg ... david ( rush back to limo ) ... my Lord ... jeffrey this be terrible , sir - I hope you be not badly injure ... chance no. I be not badly injure . but my leg be very sore . David pull the car forward , freeing chance . a few bystander begin to gather as Jeffrey help chance to the sidewalk . jeffrey can you walk ? it 's not break , be it ? chance ( lean against limo , hold leg ) it 's very sore . David get out of the car , come back . david perhaps I should call a ambulance . a bystander interrupt . bystander somebody ought to call the police ! chance ( look over , smile ) there 's no need for police , it 's just my leg . during this , the rear door of the limo open and eve rand step out . Eve be in she late thirty , have the look of a traditional New England lady . she watch as Jeffrey tend to chance . jeffrey I do not think we should call anyone just yet , it may not even be all that serious . chance ( obviously hurt ) I agree . jeffrey let 's have a look , do you mind ? chance of course . I would like to look . chance bend , raise he trouser leg . a red-bluish swollen bruise , three inch in diameter , be form on he calf . jeffrey it 's start to swell , be it painful ? chance yes . Eve move closer to chance , look at the bruise . eve ( to chance ) ... wo not you let we do something for you ? you leg should be examine , we could take you to a hospital . chance ( smile at Eve ) there 's no need for a hospital . eve why , there certainly be . you must see a doctor , I insist on it . please , let we take you . Eve turn to get back into the limo . David go with she to hold the door . david I be terribly sorry , Mrs. rand , I never see the man . eve oh , I do not think it be anyone 's fault , David . david thank you , mar 'am . chance be hesitant about get in the car . Jeffrey offer a help hand . jeffrey please , sir . chance I have never ride in a automobile . jeffrey ( a beat ) I assure you , sir , David be a very careful driver . please , will not you let we take you ? chance ( look at the car , then decide ) ... yes . you can take I . jeffrey very good . Jeffrey assist chance into the rear seat of the limo . chance ( as he get in ) ... my suitcase . jeffrey yes sir . I will take care of that . Jeffrey close the door , go back to pick up chance 's suitcase , do not notice the remote control . as Jeffrey put chance 's bag into the trunk , we see the personalize license plate " rand l . " int . limousine - evening chance and Eve settle in the back seat . as they talk , David start up the limo , Jeffrey join he in front and the limo pull out into traffic . eve I hope you be comfortable . chance yes . I be . eve this can be such try situation everyone seem to make such a to - do over a simple little accident . of course , they can be very frightening , and I must apologize for David , he 's never have a accident before . chance yes . he 's a very careful driver . eve ... why , yes , he be ... be you leg feel any better ? chance it 's feel better , but it 's still very sore . eve I see. ( a think ) ... say , would you mind see we family doctor ? chance ( do not understand ) you family doctor ? eve yes . my husband have be very ill . his doctor and nurse be stay with we . that hospital can be so impersonal - why , it might be hour before you be treat ... chance I agree . eve Fine , it will save a lot of unnecessary fuss and it will be so much more pleasant for you ... ( lean forward ) David , we will just go on home . Jeffrey , would you call and let they know ? jeffrey yes mar 'am . Eve press a button , the glass partition close . as the window roll up behind he , Jeffrey dial the limo telephone . there be a moment of silence . Eve , still a bit on edge from the accident and feel a bit uncomfortable with a stranger in the car , press another button . the limo 's bar move out , revealing a row of decanter and glass . eve would you care for a drink ? chance yes . thank you . as Eve pour cognac into a monogramm crystal glass , chance notice the limo 's tv set . chance ( cont 'd ) I would like to watch television . eve ( a bit surprised ) oh? certainly ... she hand chance the cognac , turn on the tv . eve ( cont 'd ) oh , by the way - I be Eve rand . chance hello , Eve . chance take a sip of the cognac , be not accustom to alcohol , cough . there be another moment of silence . eve May I ask you name ? chance ( with a slight cough ) my name be chance . eve pardon I , be that Mr. chance ? chance ( still indistinct ) no. I be a gardener . eve oh ... Mr. gardiner ... Mr. chauncey gardiner ... you be not related to basil and perdita gardiner be you ? chance no , Eve . I be not related to basil and perdita . eve oh. well , they be just a wonderful couple , we have be friend for year . we visit they island quite often . chance reach out to change the channel on the tv , suddenly realize he do not have he remote control . he start go through he pocket , search for it . eve ( cont 'd ) do you lose something ? chance yes . I lose my remote control . eve oh ... well , I be very sorry ... another pause , chance reach out , change channel on tv . eve ( cont 'd ) ... I will feel so relieved after Dr. allenby examine you leg . after that , David can run you on home , or to you office or wherever you would prefer ... ( chance still watch tv ) ... be there anything special you would like to watch ? chance I like to watch . this be fine . chance watch the news . Eve sip on she cognac as David ease the limo out of the city of Washington . ext . highway - wooded area - night the limo approach , then turn into the entrance - way of the rand estate . two guard stand on either side of the open gate , salute as the car pass through . ext . rand drive - night the drive run alongside a stream , then turn and cross a large meadow . the limousine pass , still no sign of the house . it be a very , very long driveway . int . limousine - night chance be glue to the tv , switch channel , again watch the news . Eve take he fascination with television as a sign of intelligence . eve I can see that it must be very important for you to stay inform of all the latest event . chance yes . eve I admire that in a person . as for myself , I find there be so much to assimilate that it can become quite muddle at time ... chance nod , change the channel , watch a mighty mouse cartoon . Eve look at he perplex , then take it for a joke and smile . ext . rand mansion - night two uniform valet , wilson and perkin , await the limousine by the front door of the rand mansion . Wilson stand behind a wheelchair . as the limo park , Perkins and Jeffrey assist chance into the chair . Wilson turn to Eve as she get out of the limo . wilson good evening , Mrs. rand . eve good evening , Wilson . wilson I shall take the gentleman to the third floor guest suite , mar 'am . Dr. allenby be stand by . eve thank you , Wilson . that will be fine . Perkins and Jeffrey carry chance in the chair up the step and into the house . Eve and Wilson follow . int . rand mansion - front hallway - night once inside the house , Wilson take over wheeling chance . a lady , greta , be wait to take Eve 's coat . eve thank you , greta. ( to Wilson ) I will be with Mr. rand if I be need . wilson yes , mar 'am . eve ( to chance ) I will see you after the doctor have a look at you leg , Mr. gardiner . chance ( look around mansion ) yes , I think he should examine my leg . Eve watch as Wilson wheel chance around a corner . int . elevator - night the door open , Wilson push chance into the elevator . as Wilson push a button and the door close on they , a strange look come over chance 's face . chance ( look to Wilson ) ... I have never be in one of this . Wilson think that chance be talk about the wheelchair . wilson it 's one of Mr. rand 's . since he 's be ill ... chance look around the elevator . chance do it have a television ? wilson ( laugh ) no - but Mr. rand do have one with a electric motor , that way he can get around by himself . chance I see . chance again check out the elevator . chance ( cont 'd ) how long do we stay in here ? wilson how long ? I do not know , see what the doctor say ... the elevator stop on the third floor . int . rand mansion - hallway - night a hallway adjoin a large , glass - enclose room . Eve pass through the hall , enter the room . int . benjamin rand' hospital room - night Eve enter into a hermetically seal area , set up with all the latest hospital emergency gear ; oxygen , ekg machine , X ray machine , transfusion equipment , sterilizer , etc . benjamin rand , wear a silk bathrobe , lie in a king -size bed in the center of the room . a nurse , constance , be attend to she duty in the room , look up as Eve come in . constance good evening , Mrs. rand . eve good evening , constance . Ben rand perk up as he see Eve crossing to he . he be in he sixty , maintain a inner strength and dignity despite the sapping effect of he illness . rand ( with weakness ) ... Eve ... Eve kiss he , hold he hand . eve oh , Ben - I miss you so when I be out ... how be you feel ? rand tire ... and I be get tired of be so tired . other than that , I be do very well . eve no headache ? rand no , it 's be a good day - better than yours , from what I have be tell . eve ( hold he hand against she cheek ) you hear ? rand I may be a shut - in , but I do not lack for news . I be sorry you have to go through all that . eve oh , it be not all that bad , darling . we be fortunate that Mr. gardiner turn out to be so reasonable . rand reasonable ? good , I would like to meet a reasonable man . why do not you ask this gardiner to join we for dinner ? eve ( sit on the side of the bed ) do you feel well enough for that ? rand ( smile ) hah !... tell I the truth , Eve - if I wait until I feel better , will I ever meet the man ? there be silence from Eve . rand squeeze she hand , turn to constance . rand ( cont 'd ) constance ! I want new blood tonight , I be get up for dinner . constance but , Mr. rand ... rand do not argue , tell Robert I want new blood ! ( turn to Eve ) ... ask he to dinner . rand pull Eve 's hand close , kiss it . int . east wing guest suite - night a enormous bedroom , fill with 18th century antique furniture . dr . ROBERT allenby dab chance 's ass with a piece of cotton soak in alcohol , prior to a injection . chance stand with he pants to the floor , look to the television which be not turn on . allenby the injection will ease the pain and swell , Mr. gardiner . chance I understand . I have see it do before . allenby now , you will barely feel this . it will not hurt at all . allenby administer the injection , chance react from the pain . chance you be wrong , it do hurt . allenby ( a chuckle ) but not for long ... as allenby put a band -aid on chance 's ass , chance spot a remote control for the tv on the bedside table . he reach out , pick it up . allenby ( cont 'd ) it 's good that there be no apparent damage to the bone . chance yes . I think so , too . allenby however , with injury such as this , I have run into minor hemorrhage , which really be not too serious at the time , but can cause secondary problem if not look after . chance I see . chance turn on the tv . allenby ( a look to the tv , then to chance ) you can pull you trousers up , now . chance oh , fine . allenby ( as chance pull up pants ) just to take the proper precaution , Mr. gardiner , I would recommend we take you downstairs and x- ray you leg . ( no reaction from chance , allenby take a long look at he ) ... by the way , Mr. gardiner , I would like to ask you something straight out . chance ( do not understand ) ... straight out ? allenby yes . be you plan on make any sort of claim against the rand' ? chance ( after a beat ) Claim ...? ... oh , claim , that 's what Thomas ask I . allenby Thomas ? who 's Thomas ? chance Thomas Franklin , a attorney . allenby a attorney ? chance ( turn back to tv ) yes . allenby ( suddenly very cold ) then you wish to handle this matter through you attorney ? chance there 's no need for a claim , the garden be a healthy one . allenby ( give chance a look ) oh , I see ... ( warm up ) ... well , then ... you be a very funny man , Mr. gardiner . you catch I off guard , I must admit ... chance ( change channel , sit on bed ) thank you . allenby good , keep you weight off that leg , Mr. gardiner . in fact , it would be best if you could stay here for a day or two , if that would be would be possible . since Benjamin become ill we have we own hospital downstairs . I can promise you the finest in care , unless , of course , you would prefer to go elsewhere . chance yes , I could stay here . thank you . allenby Fine . would you like I to speak to you personal physician ? chance no . allenby wait for chance to say more , he do not . finally , allenby pick up he bag , head for the door . allenby ( stop by door ) I will send Wilson up to take you for x-ray , Mr. gardiner . feel free to use the telephone , and please let I know if you have any discomfort . chance ( click changer ) yes , I will . allenby give he a look , then leave . chance watch a old movie of a man lighting a cigar . the man enjoy the cigar , blow out smoke . the scene seem to ' sink into ' chance 's mind . ext . mansion - patio - night Eve sit next to a roaring patio fireplace with a steaming cup of tea . allenby come outside , join she . allenby good God , Eve - you will freeze out here . eve I want some fresh air , Robert . how be Mr. gardiner ? allenby a rather large contusion , but I do not feel there be any serious damage . I would like to keep a eye on he , though - I suggest that he stay here for a couple of day . eve stay here ? be that necessary ? allenby not necessary , but preferable . I do not think he will be a bother , he seem like a most refresh sort of man . eve yes , he be different ... not the kind of person one usually meet in Washington . allenby how true . Mr. gardiner may be a welcome change of pace . eve he 's very intense , and internal , do not you think ? allenby at time , yes . but that 's not a uncommon reaction to such a accident . actually , I find he to have quite a sense of humor . eve good . it might be pleasant for a couple of day . ( Eve put down she tea ) ... Robert ... be there any improvement ...? allenby no , Eve ... I be sorry . Eve be silent for a moment , look out to the darkness . eve ... sometimes when I see Ben I could swear that he 's get stronger ... something that he might say , the way he move , or a look in he eye - make I feel that this be all a nightmare and that he will be better soon ... it 's just so hard to believe what 's really happen ... allenby reach out , hold Eve 's hand . int . rand mansion - first floor hallway - night the elevator door open , Wilson guide chance in the wheelchair into the hallway . chance ( look back to elevator ) ... that be a very small room . wilson ( laugh ) yes sir , I guess that 's true smallest room in the house . chance ( glance around ) yes . it seem to be . Wilson take this as another joke , chuckle as he wheel chance toward rand 's hospital room . int . rand' hospital room - night constance and another nurse , teresa , stand by as rand be be give a transfusion . rand lift he head as Wilson wheel chance into the room . rand welcome to rand Memorial Hospital , Mr. gardiner . chance ( look around room ) ... I see . Wilson push chance to the X - Ray machine , where the technician , billing , a Black man , wait . as Wilson and billing help chance onto the X - Ray table , chance 's face brighten up . chance ( cont 'd ) I feel very good in here . rand sure you do . this ward be air tight , I have a little extra oxygen pump in , keep my spirit up . chance yes . I like that very much . billing ( lining up chance 's leg ) this will not take long , Mr. gardiner . please hold still when I ask . chance stare at billing , react to he be Black . chance ( to billing ) do you know raphael ? billing no sir , I do not believe I do . chance oh . I have a message for he . billing yes , sir . chance a Black man give I the message . billing well , I still do not believe I know the man , Mr. gardiner . now , hold still . rand look over as billing take the X -ray . rand aplastic anemia , Mr. gardiner - aplastic anemia . chance smile to rand . rand ( cont 'd ) failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cell ... not a damn thing they can do about it . oh , they can make I comfortable , prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusion ... and what make my blood boil , what little I have leave , that be , Mr. gardiner - be that it 's generally a young person 's disease ... here I be , get on in year and about to die of a young person 's disease ... chance ( still smile at rand ) yes . you look very sick . billing hold still , please , Mr. gardiner . rand ( a laugh ) I be very sick , and , as you can see by all this paraphernalia , I be very wealthy . I think I would rather be wealthy and sick than poor and sick . chance ( look around the room ) I understand . I have never see anything like this on television . billing please , hold still , Mr. gardiner . constance you too , Mr. rand , you must stay quiet . rand lay he head back . rand ... we be prisoner , Mr. gardiner - we be prisoner of tube and technology . chance I agree . rand ( flat on he back ) ... you will join we for dinner , will not you , Mr. gardiner ? chance ( also flat on he back ) yes . I be very hungry . rand ... so be I , my boy - so be i. int . rand dine room - night thurmand , a waiter , and marianne , a waitress , enter into the rand dining room carry trays of food . the dining room be immense , a 70 - foot ceiling , huge fireplace . allenby , Eve , rand , and chance ( both in wheelchair ) sit around the table . rand speak slowly , with obvious weakness . rand I know exactly what you mean . today the businessman be at the mercy of kid-lawyer from the SEC . all they want to do be regulate we natural growth ! it 's happen across the country ! allenby to everyone , I be afraid . the government control be so restricting that the Medical profession , as we know it , be be legislate out of existence . rand of course ! by kid -lawyer ! Eve turn to chance . eve wo not you injury prevent you from attend to business , Mr. gardiner ? chance no . it will not do that . eve ... would you like we to notify anyone for you ? chance no. the Old man die and Louise leave . there be a moment of silence . eve oh. I be very sorry . well , if you have any need for any of we facility , please do not hesitate to ask . rand do you need a secretary ? chance no , thank you . my house have be close . rand oh . when you say ' you house have be close ' , you mean to say that you business be shut down ? chance yes . shut down and lock by the attorney . rand what would I tell you ? kid-lawyer ! the s.e.c .! damn they ! eve I hope that stay here will not be a inconvenience for you . chance no . I like it here . rand that 's good , Mr. gardiner . or may I call you chauncey ? chance ( agreeable to be call chauncey ) yes . chauncey be fine . rand and I be Ben . allenby ( smile to chance ) ... and please call I Robert . chance yes , Robert . I will . rand so tell I , chauncey , what be you plan now ? chance look around the room . chance do this house have a garden ? allenby give chance a look . rand do we have a garden ? hah ! tomorrow , chauncey , you will see we garden . chance I see . I would like to work in you garden . eve ( laugh ) oh , I know exactly what you mean . I sometimes enjoy putter around myself , such a pleasant way to forget one 's trouble . chance I be a very good gardener . rand a gardener ! well put , chauncey excellent ! be not that what a businessman be ? a gardener ? a person that make flinty soil productive with the labor of he own hand , who water it with the sweat from he own brow , and who create a place of value for he family and community ? yes , chauncey , what a brilliant metaphor -- yes , indeed , a productive businessman be a laborer in he own vineyard . chance thank you , Ben . the garden that I leave be such a place . everything which grow there be with the labor of my own hand . I plant seed and water they and watch everything grow . rand ( weakly ) bravo ! chance but I do not have that any more ... ( point to ceiling ) ... all that 's leave for I now be the room upstairs . rand now , wait a minute , chauncey you be young , you be healthy , for God 's sake do not give up on yourself ! you have to fight ! you can not let that bastard keep you down ! I do not want to hear any more from you about the ' room upstair ' . that 's where I be go soon . there be a long pause . chance look up , then smile at rand . chance it 's a very pleasant room , Ben . rand ( laugh ) yes , I be sure it be . that 's what they say , anyway . another period of silence . the servant bustle around the room as allenby study chance . int . rand' pool room - night allenby open the door . rand enter in he electric wheelchair follow by chance be push by Wilson . rand ... I do not know what you have hear about I , chauncey , but I be sure you know everything there be to know . cigar ? rand hold out humidor to chance . chance yes , thank you . ( take cigar ) no Ben . I do not know everything about you . rand smile as he take a cigar for himself . rand ... no , of course you do not . Excuse I for be so presumptuous . no man know everything about another man - however , very few be honest enough to admit it . allenby that be so true . you be different , chauncey ... quite different than most man . chance thank you , Robert . rand light he own cigar , then hand a ornate lighter to chance . rand ( pick up pool cue , weakly stroke the ball ) ... you know , chauncey , there be thousand of american businessman , large and small , that share you plight . I have be concerned with the situation for some time now . chance , not know to bite off the tip , try to light the cigar like the man on tv . it will not light . rand ( cont 'd ) so I have be think about beginning a financial assistance program , chauncey , to help out american businessman that have be harass by inflation , excessive taxation , union and other indecency ... allenby watch chance try to light the cigar as rand speak on , shoot pool as he talk . rand ... I would like to offer the decent ' gardener ' of the business community a help hand . after all , they be we strongest defense against the pollutant who so threaten we basic freedom and the well - be of we middle class . tell I , would you have any thought on such a program ? chance put the unlit cigar in the ashtray , smile at allenby , then answer rand . chance no , Ben . rand ( a smile ) reluctant to speak , eh , chauncey ? well , I can understand that . when a man lose everything , anger have a tendency to block out reason for a time . just give it some think , work with the idea , I be sure you will have plenty to say in a few day . chance I could give it some think , Ben , but my leg be very sore . rand ... oh ? ( look to allenby ) Robert , take a look , would you ? allenby some pain be to be expect ... ( bend to chance , look at leg ) ... and I think what would be best for the two of you be a good night 's rest . ( check watch ) ... it 's late , I be afraid it 's time for my patient to prepare for bed . rand ( put down pool cue ) we have common foe , chauncey - kid lawyer and we physician ! chance I agree . allenby laugh as he take rand 's cigar from he , snuff it in the ashtray . int . mansion - elevator - night Wilson stand behind chance in the wheelchair . chance glance slowly and inquisitively around the elevator . when he eye meet Wilson 's , the valet break out in laughter . wilson ( laugh , try to apologize ) ... sorry , sir - I just could not contain myself ... I know you be go to come out with another one of you jest about the elevator ... Excuse I , sir ... the elevator stop , the door open . int . mansion - third floor hallway - night Wilson wheel chance out of the elevator . chance ( look back as the door close ) ... hmmm ... Elevator . wilson ( laugh again ) ... yes sir - elevator ! Wilson stop laugh , become the stone - face servant once again as he notice Eve come out of she bedroom . Wilson stop wheeling chance , stand stiffly at attention as Eve and chance talk . eve chauncey , I want to tell you how dreadful I feel about the accident today , but that I be delighted that you be stay with we . chance thank you , Eve - I like this house very much . eve ... and Ben be just mad about you - you have lift he spirit so - it 's just ... well , it 's just a real pleasure have you with we . chance Ben be very ill , Eve - I have see that before . eve yes ... I know , chauncey . chance I like Ben very much ... he remind I of the Old man ... eve he do ...? chance yes . be you go to leave and close the house when he die ? Eve be not prepare for such a question . eve ... why ... no , I do not think so ... chance that 's good . chance smile at Eve and there be a moment of silence before Eve step back into she bedroom . eve ... good night , chauncey . chance good night , Eve . Eve close the door . Wilson wheel chance down the hallway toward the guest room . ext . front of rand mansion - morning Eve come out of the house , Jeffrey hold the door for she as she get into " rand l . " Jeffrey get in and the limo pull away . chance come out of the front door , walk with a limp . his first view of the rand grounds in the daylight , he be take by the extent of the greenery . a attendant , lewis , hurry to chance . lewis do you want a car , sir ? chance yes . I would like a car . lewis yes , sir . Lewis go to he post , pick up a phone . as chance look at the surroundings , allenby and Wilson , with chance 's wheelchair , come out of the house . allenby ( frown as he see chance walk ) chauncey , there you be . what be you do on that leg ? chance it 's fine today , Robert . allenby shame on you , chauncey - you should let I be the judge of that . ( motion to Wilson ) please , sit in the chair . Wilson push the wheelchair to chance , he sit . allenby ( cont 'd ) ( check leg ) I swear , chauncey , between you and Benjamin , I have get my hand full ... ( look at calf ) ... say , that be come along , the swell have go down considerably ... ( poke a spot ) ... any pain here ? chance yes , Robert . but it 's not bad . a limousine pull up to the front of the mansion , wait for chance . allenby ( continue examine ) ... Benjamin have be hound I to allow he to address the annual meeting of he Financial Institute today , but obviously , the strain would be impossible ... how about here , chauncey , any soreness ? chance hardly any , Robert . Lewis , the attendant , interrupt . lewis you limousine , sir . chance oh , thank you . allenby ( reacting to limo ) ... be you go somewhere ? chance no , Robert . allenby ( a beat ) ... oh. ( check leg ) ... my God , I only wish that Benjamin have you recuperative power ... anyway , the President offer to sit in for Ben at the meeting , quite a nice gesture , I feel . he 's due here soon , I believe . chance yes , Robert . I know about the President . allenby ( mildly surprised ) ... oh ? you have hear ? chance yes . Ben call I . he want I to meet the President . allenby ( stand ) he do , do he ? chance yes , Ben tell I to be in he room at ten o'clock . allenby why , that 's terrific , chauncey . chance how do I know when it 's ten o'clock ? a long look from allenby , then he look at he watch . allenby ... it 's five of , you would best get on in there . chance thank you , Robert . Wilson begin to push chance . chance ( cont 'd ) I would like to walk today . allenby Hell yes - walk . you be meeting the President , be not you ? chance ( get out of chair ) oh , really ? allenby , a bit puzzle , watch as chance go into the house . int . rand mansion - hallway - morning chance limp aimlessly through a hallway . he stop , admire a large tapestry on the wall . a servant , smythe , notice chance appear confuse , approach he . smythe May I help you , Mr. gardiner ? chance ( with a smile ) yes . I would like to go to rand Memorial Hospital . smythe ( a pause ) ... Sir ? chance yes . there be another long pause . smythe ... do you wish to see someone , sir ? chance yes , I would like to see Ben . smythe oh , Mr. rand , of course . right this way , sir . chance follow smythe down the hall . int . rand' hospital room - morning rand be in a easy chair , dress for he meeting with the President . the two nurse be work at the disinfect table . rand smile as chance be show into the room by smythe . rand chauncey , up and around this morning , be you ? chance yes , Ben . my leg be not very sore . rand well , that 's good news , my boy . chance you be look much better today , Ben . rand hah ! it 's all make - up , chauncey ... I ask nurse Teresa to fix I up , I do not want the President to think I be go to die during we talk . chance I understand . rand no one like a die man , my boy - because few know what death be . all we know be the terror of it . but you be a exception , chauncey - that 's what I admire in you , you marvelous balance . you do not stagger back and forth between fear and hope - you be a truly peaceful man . chance thank you , ben. ( look at rand closely ) ... the nurse do a very good job , Ben . the nurse turn , look at chance . ext . front rand mansion - morning Wilson be at the head of eight servant line up on the front step . two black plymouth sedan pull up and park . EIGHT men in grey business suit get out . one of they , woltz , go directly to Wilson . woltz good morning , Mr. Wilson . wilson good morning , Mr. woltz , nice to see you again . woltz thank you . how have you be ? wilson Fine , thank you . ( hand woltz paper ) we have a additional guest with we today , Mr. chauncey gardiner . woltz ( read list ) I see ... ( turn to other man ) okay , let 's go to work . the eight servant pair up with the eight man in suit and go into the house . int . rand mansion - third floor hallway - morning allenby get off the elevator , stand and think for a moment , then head off down the hallway in the direction of chance 's room . int . rand' hospital room - morning chance watch television as rand speak . rand yes , when I be young I have thought about public office ... but I find , chauncey - that I be able to contribute more as a private citizen ... of course , my wealth provide I with considerable influence , but I have try , believe I , not to misuse that power ... it 's extremely important , chauncey , when one be in a position of eminence , that he do not allow himself to become blind to the need of the country ... the temptation be strong , and I have be label a ' kingmaker ' by many , but I have try to stay open to voice of the people ... I have try to remain honest to myself ... chance ( change channel ) I see , Ben . rand ... maybe one day you shall find yourself in a similar position , chauncey ... maybe one day ... ext . front rand mansion - morning two black limousine follow by a station wagon with small hole in the side pull up in front of the mansion . as man from the first limousine and the station wagon jump out and take position around the driveway , Lewis hurry to he post , pick up he phone . int . rand mansion - mrs . aubrey' office - morning the nerve center of the rand enterprise since he have become ill . four or five desk , all the latest electronic office equipment , three tv 's with video taping facility , countless telephone . mrs . AUBREY , rand 's senior secretary , be at she desk , answer she phone . mrs . AUBREY ( into phone ) yes ... oh , very good , Lewis , thank you . Mrs. aubrey hang up , pick up another phone , push a button . int . rand' hospital room - morning rand smile at chance as the phone ring . rand he 's here . ( into phone ) yes , Mrs. aubrey ? ( listen ) Fine . show the President to the library , we will be along in a few minute . rand hang up the phone , turn to chance with a twinkle in he eye . rand ( cont 'd ) it 's a old habit that go along with power -- keep they wait ... Teresa bring rand 's wheelchair to he . rand ( cont 'd ) ( stand , very weak ) not now , Teresa . I be see the President on my own two foot . teresa but , Mr. rand ... rand ( put a arm around chance for support ) shall we go , chauncey ? chance yes , Ben . that 's a good idea . rand walk slowly , cling to the limping chance tightly as they leave the room . ext . hallway - morning secret service Men be see in the background as rand stop outside Mrs. aubrey 's office , lean in . rand Mrs. aubrey , have you receive the papers on the Caracas agreement ? mrs . AUBREY yes , sir . they be ready for you to sign . rand excellent . ( turn to chance ) a good woman , Mrs. aubrey . chance ( see she for first time ) I agree , Ben . they shuffle off down the hallway . chance smile at the secret service man that they pass . int . rand mansion - hallway by library - morning woltz and Wilson wait by the library door . woltz take a small metal detector from he pocket as rand and chance approach . woltz good morning , Mr. rand . rand woltz , how have you be ? woltz ( pass detector over rand 's body ) just fine , thank you , sir . ( turn to chance ) and you must be Mr. gardiner . chance yes . woltz ( pass detector over chance ) just a formality , Mr. gardiner . chance ( as he finish ) thank you very much . Wilson knock lightly , then open the library door , rand and chance enter . int . rand library - morning rand and chance come into the Library and the President go to rand with both hand outstretch . president Ben ! rand ( very weak ) ... Mr. President , how good to see you . president it 's so good to see you too , Ben , you look terrific ! rand ( barely able to stand ) I be not convinced of that , Mr. President , but you visit have raise my spirit ... president well , I be delighted to be here , my friend . I have miss you . ( guide rand to chair ) here , sit down , get off you foot . as rand sink into the chair , chance approach the President with both hand outstretch . chance good morning , Mr. President . president ( smile ) ... hello . chance and the President exchange a two-hand handshake . rand , still weak from stand , catch he breath and introduce chance . rand Mr. President , I would like you to meet my dear friend , Mr. chauncey gardiner . president Mr. gardiner , my pleasure . chance you look much taller on television , Mr. President . president ( a beat ) ... oh , really ... rand ( smile ) you will find that my house guest do not bandy word , Mr. President . the President give chance a look , then laugh . president well , Mr. gardiner , that 's just fine with I - I be a man that appreciate a frank discussion ... be seat , please , Mr. gardiner ... chance ( sit ) yes , I will . president ( also sit ) now , Ben , do you happen to get a chance to ... chance perk up at the mention of he name , interrupt . chance yes ? there be a beat as the President look at chance quizzically , then he continue . president I just wonder if you have go over my speech , Ben . rand yes , I do . president ... well ? rand overall - pretty good . but , Mr. President , I think it 's very dangerous to resort to temporary measure at this stage of the game . president well , Ben ... I ... rand I sympathize with you position , Mr. President , I know how difficult it be to be straightforward , the reaction to such a speech could be chaos . president that 's too big a risk , I can not take the chance . chance ( again perk up ) yes ? once again , the President give chance a puzzle look . int . rand mansion - third floor hallway - morning Perkins accompany secret service agent riff as he check out the third floor . riff knock on each door , look inside , then move in . int . chance' room - morning allenby be search through chancel clothes look for some sort of identification . there be a knock at the door , allenby pull back from the closet as riff open the door , look inside . allenby oh ... hello . riff ( enter ) good morning . I be riff , secret service . allenby ... yes . of course . Perkins watch curiously as riff pass the metal detector over allenby 's clothing . int . library - morning the President be worried about what rand be tell he . he pace , smoke a cigarette . chance smile through it all . rand ... there be no longer any margin for inflation , it have go as far as it can , you have reach you limit on taxation , dependence on foreign energy have reach a crisis , and , from where I see it , Mr. President , the free Enterprise system have reach the break point . we be on the brink of another crash from which recovery might not be possible . president it 's that serious , huh ? rand I be afraid so . the President now look nearly as bad as rand . he sit , turn to chance . president do you agree with Ben , Mr. gardiner ? be we finish ? or do you think we can stimulate growth through temporary incentive ? chance ( a beat ) as long as the root be not severe , all be well and all will be well in the garden . president ( a pause ) ... in the garden ? chance that be correct . in a garden , growth have its season . there be spring and summer , but there be also fall and winter . and then spring and summer again ... president ( stare at chance ) ... spring and summer ... ( confuse ) yes , I see ... fall and winter . ( smile at chance ) yes , indeed ... ( a beat ) could you go through that one more time , please , Mr. gardiner ? rand I think what my most insightful friend be say , Mr. President , be that we welcome the inevitable season of nature , yet we be upset by the season of we economy . chance yes . that be correct . president ( pleased ) ... well , Mr. gardiner , I must admit , that be one of the most refresh and optimistic statement I have hear in a very , very long time . the President put out he cigarette , rise . president ( cont 'd ) ... many of we forget that nature and society be one ! yes , though we have try to cut ourselves off from nature , we be still a part of it ! like nature , we economic system remain , in the long run , stable and rational . and that be why we must not fear to be at its mercy ! ( he smile at chance , who be absorb in look around the room at the book ) ... I envy you good , solid sense , Mr. gardiner - that be precisely what we lack on Capitol Hill . ( glance at watch ) I must be go . ( hold out hand to chance ) Mr. gardiner , this visit have be enlighten ... chance rise and shake the President 's hand . chance yes . it have . president ... you will honor I and my family with a visit , will not you ? chance yes . I will . president wonderful , we will all look forward to see you . ( turn to rand ) be Eve around ? I would like to say hello . rand no , she fly up to Boston for another charity event . she will be sorry to have miss you . president I be sorry , too . well , Nancy want I to send along she best to the two of you - and , Ben , I want to thank you for you time and thought . rand nonsense , Mr. President - I thank you for come to spend time with a die man . president now , Ben , I will not have any of that . why do not you listen to you good friend chauncey this be a time to think of life ! the President clasp rand 's hand . rand you be right , Mr. President I do not like feel sorry for myself . president take care of yourself , Ben . rand you take care too , Bobby . president ( as he turn to go , a smile to chance ) Mr. gardiner ... the President leave the library and chance sit back down . rand ( as the door close ) he 's a decent fellow , the President , be not he ? chance yes , Ben - he be . rand he be quite impressed with you comment , chauncey - he hear my sort of analysis from everyone , but yours , unfortunately - seldom if ever at all . chance I be glad he come , Ben . it be nice talk to the President . ext . rand mansion - morning a aide , kaufman , wait by the front door of the rand mansion . as the President come out , he speak quietly to Kaufman . president Kaufman , I be go to need information on Mr. chauncey gardiner 's background . kaufman ( make note of name ) gardiner , yes , sir . president and put it through on a code Red - I want it as soon as possible . kaufman no problem , Chief . they head toward the wait limousine . int . rand mansion - hallway - morning rand have a arm around chance , hang on for dear life as the two of they walk through the hall . behind they , Wilson and Perkins push empty wheelchair . rand ( very weak ) ... you know , chauncey , there 's something about you ... you be direct , you grasp thing quickly and you state they plainly . you do not play game with word to protect yourself . I feel I can speak to you frankly ... you know what I be talk to you about last night ? chance ( blankly ) no , ben. rand oh , sure you do , the financial assistance program . I think you might be just the man to take charge of such a undertake . I would like you to meet with the member of the board , we will be able to discuss the matter at great length at that time . chance I understand . rand ( stop outside he door ) and , please , chauncey - do not rush you decision . I know you be not a man to act on the spur of the moment . chance thank you , Ben . rand and now , chauncey , I be afraid you must excuse I - I be very tired all of a sudden . Wilson and Perkins leave the wheelchair , assist rand into he hospital room . chance ( as they go in ) I be sorry that you be so sick , Ben . the door close , chance limp off down the hall . ext . rand mansion - garden - day chance , with a limp , walk down a pathway in the garden , admire the greenery . in the background , come from the house , we see Eve . eve ( approach chance , call ) chauncey ! chance ( stop , turn ) hello , Eve . eve you leg must be get better . chance yes . it 's feel much better now . eve good . I be glad to hear that . ( they walk together ) ... how do you like meeting the President ? chance Fine . he 's very nice . eve yes , he be . I be sorry I do not get to see he . they walk along in silence for a moment . chance see a huge greenhouse not far from they , head toward it . Eve turn to he , hesitates , then question . eve ( cont 'd ) ... chauncey ... last night you mention a old man , that die . chance yes . eve be he a relative ? or a intimate friend ? chance ( look at greenhouse ) he be a very wealthy man , he look after I since I be young . eve oh , I see ... you mentor , perhaps ? chance ( quizzically ) ... mentor ...? Eve take he uncertainty as a reluctance to discuss the Old man . eve forgive I , chauncey - I do not mean to pry . you must have be very close to he . chance yes . I be . eve I be sorry ... ( get more to the point ) ... and what about Louise ? you mention that she have go , be you close to she also ? chance yes . I like Louise very much . she be he may . eve ( relieved ) oh , he may !... stupid I , I think perhaps she be someone that you may have be romantically involved with . chance oh , no . she bring I my meal . eve ( pleased ) of course . Eve edge slightly closer to chance . chance edge slightly closer to the greenhouse , be fascinate by it . chance what be that ? eve we greenhouse . chance ( pleased ) oh , I like that very much . eve yes , so do we . chance peek through one of the window . int . rand' bedroom - day rand be in bed . Eve , chance and allenby be seat around he , the two nurse stand to one side . they all watch the President 's address to the Financial Institute on tv . chance inhale deeply , enjoy the oxygen in the room . rand be look weaker . every so often , allenby cast a concerned glance he way . president's voice ... and there be so many of you that have proclaim that we be on the brink of the worst financial crisis in this nation 's history . and there be so many of you demand that we put into effect drastic measure to alter its course . well , let I tell you , gentleman , I have be conduct multiple - level consultation with member of the cabinet , House and Senate . I have conduct meeting with prominent business leader throughout the country . and this very morning I have a in - depth discussion with you founder and Chairman - of - the-board , Mr. Benjamin turnbull rand and he close friend and advisor Mr. chauncey gardiner ... rand perk up a bit at this mention . allenby manage a smile , once again look at rand , check he condition . Eve look proudly at chance , who continue to enjoy the oxygen . president's voice ( cont 'd ) ... well , gentleman , I find this to be a most reward conference ... to quote Mr. gardiner , a most intuitive man , ' as long as the root of industry remain firmly plant in the national soil , the economic prospect be undoubtedly sunny . ' rand start cough , breathe heavily . allenby and the nurse rush to he bedside . allenby shoot a quick look to Eve and chance . allenby ( motion toward door ) Excuse we , please . Eve and chance leave the room as allenby administer aid to rand . president's voice gentlemen , let we not fear the inevitable chill and storm of autumn and winter , instead , let we anticipate the rapid growth of springtime , let we await the reward of summer . as in a garden of the earth , let we learn to accept and appreciate the time when the tree be bare as well as the time when we pick the fruit . ext . rand mansion - patio - day Eve and chance sit in silence on the patio . Eve 's eye be swollen , red , she have be cry . she turn to chance , reach out , touch he hand . eve ( hesitates ) ... I be ... ( pause ) ... I be very grateful that you be here , chauncey ... ( pause ) ... with we ... chance so be I , Eve . allenby come out the door , he mood be serious , professional . Eve turn quickly , await he news . allenby ( sit alongside Eve ) ... Eve - this have be a exhaust day for Ben ... eve ( anxious ) ... but he 's ...? allenby he 's rest comfortably now . there 's no cause for alarm , yet ... Mrs. aubrey come out of the house . mrs . AUBREY Mr. gardiner , I have a telephone call for you . sidney Courtney , the financial editor of the Washington Post . chance ( not move ) thank you . mrs . AUBREY would you care to take it , sir ? chance yes . chance still do not move . Eve mistake chance 's not move for concern for herself . she put a hand on he shoulder . eve I will be all right , chauncey you go ahead with Mrs. aubrey ... chance ( rise ) yes , Eve . you will be all right . chance follow Mrs. aubrey into the house . Eve watch he go , then turn to allenby . eve ... he 's such a sensitive man , so considerate ... int . rand mansion - mrs . aubrey' office - day Mrs. aubrey lead chance to a phone at one of the desk . the three television set be on , attract chance 's attention . chance ( pick up phone , look at tvs ) hello . int . WASHINGTON post - courtney' office - day sid courtney , a Black man in he fifty , wear a rumple wool jacket , smoke a pipe . courtney hello , Mr. gardiner . this be sid Courtney , Washington Post . intercut - mrs . aubrey' office / courtney' office chance hello , sid . courtney I be sorry to disturb you , Mr. gardiner , I know you must be very busy . chance ( look from one tv to the other ) no. I be not busy . courtney then , I will be brief . I cover the President 's speech at the Financial Institute today , and since the Post would like to be as exact as possible , we would appreciate you comment on the meeting that take place between Mr. rand , the President and yourself . chance the President be a nice person . I enjoy it very much . courtney good , sir . and so , it seem , do the President - but we would like to have some fact ; such as , uh ... what exactly be the relationship between yourself and that of the first american Financial Corporation ? chance I think you should ask Mr. rand that . courtney of course . but since he be ill I be take the liberty of ask you . chance yes , that be correct . I think you should ask Mr. rand that . Courtney do not understand but continue he question . courtney I see . then one more quick question , Mr. gardiner ; since we at the Post would like to , uh - update we profile on you - what exactly be you business ? chance I have nothing more to say . chance hang up the phone , watch the tvs . Courtney listen to the dial tone , then put the receiver down . courtney ( to himself ) typical - no wonder he 's so close to rand ... int . rand mansion - hallway - day chance come out of Mrs. aubrey 's office , notice the service elevator . chance hmmm . Elevator . he get in the elevator . int . elevator - day chance look at the row of button , press one . he smile as he feel the elevator move . int . rand mansion - basement - day one of Mrs. aubrey 's secretary , jennifer , wait with a arm load of paperwork for the elevator . the door open , chance smile at she as he step out . jennifer ( surprised to see he ) why , hello , Mr. gardiner - be you look for someone ? chance no . Jennifer get in the elevator , the door Close . chance look around the basement , puzzle . he have expect to be on the third floor . int . mrs . aubrey' office - day Mrs. aubrey be at she desk , buzzing she inter-house phone . as Jennifer enter , Mrs. aubrey hang up in frustration . mrs . AUBREY I can not find Mr. gardiner anywhere . jennifer he 's in the basement . mrs . AUBREY what 's he do in the basement ? jennifer I do not know , Mrs. aubrey . Mrs. aubrey grab a notepad , leave the office . int . rand mansion - basement - day Mrs. aubrey come out of the service elevator , hurry through the basement . she check : the boiler room . the electrical room . the photographer 's studio ( Eve be sit for a portrait ) the gym ( allenby be work out ) int . rand mansion - basement bowling alley - day chance stand in the middle of the two - lane bowl alley , totally confuse . Mrs. aubrey enter , he smile at she . mrs . AUBREY oh , Mr. gardiner , I have be look all over . chance oh , yes . mrs . AUBREY Morton Hull , the producer of ' this even ' just call . chance yes , I have see that show on television . mrs . AUBREY of course . they would like you to appear on the show tonight . the vice President be schedule , but he have to cancel , and they ask if you would be interested . chance yes . I would like to be on that show . mrs . AUBREY Fine . they feel that since you have such close tie with the President , you would be a splendid choice . ( chance nod , there be a pause ) ... can I help you ? be you look for something ? chance no . I like this attic very much . Mrs. aubrey give he a look , leave . ext . sky - dusk AIR force 1 pass through the cloud . int . AIR force 1 - dusk the President sit on a couch in one of the compartment on the jet . before he , stand six of he staff , Kaufman include . president ... gentlemen , I quote this man on national television today he be obviously a financial sophisticate of some reknown . kaufman yes , sir - we be aware of all that , but still , we have not be able to ... president ( interrupt ) he 's a advisor and close personal friend of rand 's ! for Christ sake , they have volume of data on Benjamin ! kaufman yes , Mr. President , we attempt to contact Mr. rand , but he be too ill to ... president ( again interrupt ) I do not want Benjamin rand disturb ! you have other way of gather information than to trouble a die man . use whatever agency be necessary to put together a detailed history of chauncey gardiner , if you run into problem , alert honeycutt . ( he stand ) I will be in the office at seven in the morning and I would like to have it at that time . ( he start for door ) I have get to take a leak . kaufman right , Chief . as the President go to the Men 's room , two of the aide reach for telephone . int . chance' room - evening chance wear a velvet bathrobe , watch tv . Perkins lay out a suit , shirt , tie , etc. on the bed . perkin I believe this garment will be quite appropriate , Mr. gardiner . chance ( eye on tv ) yes . they be fine . there be a knock at the door . perkin Excuse I , sir . Perkins answer the door , it be Eve . eve ( enter ) chauncey ... chance ( rise ) hello , Eve . eve chauncey , I just want to wish you well . I know you will be smash . chance thank you , Eve . eve and Benjamin send along he best wish . chance how be Ben feel ? eve he 's tired , chauncey - but he 's go to watch you tonight . we will both be watch . chance that 's good . I like to watch , too . eve I know you do - you and you television ... ( a pause ) ... good luck , chauncey . Eve impulsively step forward , kiss chance on the cheek . chance smile at she , and Eve , slightly embarrassed , turn and leave the room . chance sit back down , watch tv as Perkins attend to he clothes with a whisk broom . int . WASHINGTON post - staff room - night Courtney head a meeting of he four staffer . one man , kinney , a research assistant , sit behind a stack of paperwork , have a downcast expression as he listen to Courtney . courtney ... gardiner be laconic , matter - of fact . the scuttlebutt be that he 's a strong candidate for one of the vacant seat on the board of first american . but before we can do any sort of a piece on the man , we be go to need fact on he background ... ( turn to kinney ) ... kinney , what do you come up with ? kinney ( after a pause ) ... nothing . courtney ( sigh , tap pencil on table ) ... skip the levity , kinney - what have you get ? kinney ( another pause ) ... I realize this sound banal but there be no information of any sort on gardiner . we have no material on he - zilch ... the room be quiet except for the tapping of Courtney 's pencil . ext . television station - night the rand 1 limousine park in front of the station . as Jeffrey open the door for chance , morton hull step to the limo . hull Mr. gardiner , I be Morton Hull , the producer of ' this even . ' chance ( as they shake hand ) hello , Morton . Hull take chance into the station . int . rand mansion - chance' room - night constance , rand 's nurse , enter chance 's room , go to the closet . int . tv station - corridor - night chance be intrigue by the surroundings as Hull guide he through the corridor . hull of course , Mr. gardiner , the fact that you occupy such a position in the world of finance make you ideally suite to provide we million of viewer with a explanation of this nation 's economic crisis . chance I see . hull do you realize , Mr. gardiner , that more people will be watch you tonight than all that who have see theater play in the last forty year ? chance yes . it 's a very good show . hull I be glad you like it , Mr. gardiner . Hull take chance into the make - up room . int . rand mansion - chance' room - night constance be in the closet , search through chance 's pocket , find nothing . she take out a small knife , cut a label from one of the jacket . quickly , she examine one of chance 's shoe , copy the name of the shoemaker in a notebook . constance hurry to the dresser , continue she search . int . tv station - corridor / makeup room night colson , the makeup man , come through the corridor carry a glass of water . he turn into the makeup room , go to chance who sit in front of the light . Hull sit next to chance , brief he on the show . chance have he eye on a tv monitor , watch the guest precede he on " this even . " colson ( give chance water ) here you go , Mr. gardiner . chance thank you . I be very thirsty . colson yes , sir - it 's hot under that light . colson apply finish touch to chance . hull now , if the host want to ask you a question , he will raise he leave forefinger to he leave eyebrow . ( chance watch tv ) then you will stop , and he will say something , and then you will answer . on the tv , william dupont , the host , wrap up he talk with he guest . colson ( a last - minute dab ) okay , Mr. gardiner , you be all set . Hull lead chance out of the makeup room . colson close the door , then carefully pick up chance 's water glass , wrap it in kleenex , put it in he overcoat pocket . int . tv station - " this evening " studio - night William Dupont introduce chance . dupont lady and gentleman , we very distinguished quest , Mr. chauncey gardiner ! the band play as chance come onto the stage . a audience of about three hundred applaud chance as he appear . two tv camera move with he as he walk , with a smile and a limp , to center stage . Dupont shake chance 's hand , chance hold Dupont 's hand with both of he own . dupont ( cont 'd ) Mr. gardiner , how very nice to have you with we this evening . chance yes . dupont ( show chance to chair ) I would like to thank you for fill in on such short notice for the vice President . chance ( sit ) you be welcome . dupont ( also sit ) I always find it surprising , Mr. gardiner , to find man like yourself , who be work so intimately with the President , yet manage to remain relatively unknown . chance yes . that be surprising . dupont ( a beat ) ... well , you anonymity will be a thing of the past from now on . chance ( do not understand ) I hope so . dupont yes ... of course , you know , Mr. gardiner , that I always prefer a open and frank conversation with my guest , I hope you do not object to that . chance no . I do not object . dupont Fine , then let 's get start . the current state of we country be of vital interest to we all , and I would like to know if you agree with the President 's view of the economy ? chance which view ? applause and laughter from the audience . Dupont accustom to parry with he guest , ask again . dupont come now , Mr. gardiner , before he speech at the Financial Institute the President consult with you and Benjamin rand , do he not ? chance yes . I be there with ben. dupont I know that , Mr. gardiner . chance yes . dupont ( a beat ) well , let I rephrase the question ; the President compare the economy of this country to a garden , and state that after a period of decline a time of growth would naturally follow . do you go along with this belief ? chance yes , I know the garden very well . I have work in it all my life . it be a good garden and a healthy one ; its tree be healthy and so be its shrub and flower , as long as they be trim and water in the right season . the garden need a lot of care . I do agree with the President ; everything in it will grow strong , and there be plenty of room in it for new tree and new flower of all kind . the audience applaud chance 's apparent metaphor . Dupont wait for it all to subside , then ask another question . int . rand' hospital room - night rand be in bed . Eve sit in a chair next to the bed , squeeze rand 's hand in excitement as they both watch chance on television . Teresa , the nurse , watch in the background . dupont ( over tv ) ... well , Mr. gardiner , that be very well put indeed , and I feel it be a booster for all of we who do not like to wallow in complaint or take delight in gloomy prediction . int . white house - president's bedroom - night the President and first Lady be in bed together watch the show . president gloomy prediction ? that insolent son of a bitch ! dupont ( over tv ) let 's make it clear , Mr. gardiner , it 's you view that the collapse of the stock market , the dramatic increase in unemployment , you feel that this be just another season , so to speak , in the garden ? the first Lady cuddle close the President , ruffle he hair , try to cheer he up . int . tv studio - " this evening show " - night chance answer . chance in a garden , thing grow - but first some thing must wither ; some tree lose they leave before they grow new leave ... int . CIA room - night a small , dark room . a videotape machine be run . also , a machine be turn that record the harmonics of chance 's voice . two CIA men run the equipment , watch as a needle chart chance 's voice onto paper . chance ( over tv ) ... then they grow thicker and stronger and taller . some tree die , but fresh sapling replace they . garden need a lot of care and a lot of love . int . thomas frankline bedroom - night Franklin , the attorney that evict chance , come out of the bathroom brush he tooth . his wife , johanna , be in bed absorb in " this even . " Franklin sit on the end of the bed , watch the show . chance ( over tv ) ... and if you give you garden a lot of love , and if you work very hard and have a lot of patience , in the proper season you will see it grow to be very beautiful ... more applause from the tv . Franklin lean closer to the set . franklin ( puzzle ) it 's that gardener ! johanna yes , chauncey gardiner . franklin no ! he 's a real gardener ! johanna ( laugh ) he do talk like one , but I think he 's brilliant . dupont ( over tv ) I think you metaphor be quite interesting , Mr. gardiner , but , have not we see season that have be devastating to certain country ? int . president's bedroom - night the President and first Lady continue to watch . dupont ( over tv ) such as disasterous winter , prolong drought that have wipe out crop , hurricane that have all but sweep away island community ? do not a country need to have someone in charge that can see it through such crise ? president ... that bastard ... the first Lady move closer to he . int . chance' room - night the tv , its volume low , play in the background as constance , with a pair of tweezers , pluck a hair from chance 's pillow , put it into a small vial . dupont ( over tv ) do not we need a leader capable of guide we through the season ? the bad as well as the good ? chance ( over tv ) yes . we need a very good gardener . int . tv studio - night Dupont continue he question . dupont do you feel that we have a ' very good gardener ' in office at this time , Mr. gardiner ? at the end of the question , Dupont glance over chance 's shoulder to look at the monitor . chance ( a beat ) I understand . chance turn to see what Dupont be look at , see the back of he own head on the tv screen . dupont I realize that might be a difficult question for you , Mr. gardiner - but there be a lot of we around the country that would like to hear you thought on the matter . chance be still turn to the monitor . chance oh , yes . it be possible for one side of the garden to be flood , and the other side to be dry ... int . rand mansion - allenby' bedroom - night allenby watch chance on television . the camera that cover Dupont in close - up have now pull back , include Dupont and chance , both look into camera . allenby be concerned , he be unsure of chance . chance ( over tv ) ... some plant do well in the sun , and other grow better in the cool of the shade . int . HOTEL lobby - night a group of elderly black people sit in the lobby , watch " this even " on a old black - and - white tv . chance ( over tv ) ... it be the gardener 's responsibility to take water from the flood area and run it to the area that be dry . it be the gardener 's responsibility not to plant a sun-loving flower in the shade of a high wall ... during the precede speech , Louise , the may from the Old man 's house , chatter . louise gobbledegook ! all the time he talk gobbledegook ! a ' it 's for sure a White man 's world in America , hell , I raise that boy since he be the size of a pissant a ' I will say right now he never learn to read a ' write - no sir ! have no brain at all , be stuff with rice puddin ' between the ear ! shortchange by the Lord and dumb as a jackass a ' look at he now ! yes , sir - all you gotta be be white in America a ' you get whatever you want ! just listen to that boy - gobbledegook ! there be a chorus of " amen " as she finish . int . tv studio - night chance continue . chance ... it be the responsibility of the gardener to adjust to the bad season as well as enjoy the good one . if the gardener do he job , everything will be fine . int . rand' hospital room - night audience applause be hear over tv . rand clap weakly along with the tv sound . Eve and Teresa also clap . rand ( smile ) splendid . just splendid ... rand look up as constance come into the room . rand ( cont 'd ) damn , constance , get in here ! you should not miss any of this ! constance hurry to Teresa 's side . rand turn to Eve . rand ( cont 'd ) I be become quite attach to chauncey - quite attach ... ( Eve smile ) ... and so be you , be not you , Eve . eve ( a beat ) ... yes , I be , Ben . rand ( reach out , take she hand ) that 's good ... that 's good . dupont ( over tv ) well , Mr. gardiner , from the sound of we audience , I would say that you word be a most welcome respite from what we have be hearing from other ... chance ( over tv ) thank you . int . tv studio - night Dupont ask another question . dupont I be sorry to say that we time be run short , but before we close , I would like to ask one final question . what sort of gardener , sir , would you be ? chance ( with confidence ) I be a very serious gardener . int . president's bedroom - night more applause over the tv . the President pale . president oh , Jesus ... he roll over in bed . the first Lady reach out , put a comforting hand on he shoulder . int . frankline bedroom - night Franklin hold a phone to he ear with one hand , shut off the tv with the other . franklin okay , I will see you in twenty minute . Franklin hang up the phone , scurries around get dress . his wife , johanna , sit grimly in bed . johanna ( coldly ) ... Business , bullshit ! go out in the middle of the night to meet that bitch in a bar ... franklin Sally haye be not a bitch - she 's a damn fine attorney ! I have get to talk to she about this gardiner ... johanna ( turn over in bed ) good night . franklin look , johanna ... johanna ( cut he off ) I say good night ! Franklin give up , hurry from the room . int . tv station - corridor - night colson , carefully carry he overcoat , walk with chance through the corridor . a delighted Hull walk behind they . colson marvelous ! just marvelous , Mr. gardiner ! what spirit you have , what confidence ! exactly what this country need ! chance smile at well - wisher as they continue on through the corridor . int . president's bedroom - night the first Lady be snuggle up close to the President , caress he body . after a moment , it become clear to she that he be not up to the occasion . first lady ... darling ... what 's wrong ? president , ... I can not ... I just can not right now ... I be sorry , dearest ... I just can not ... the first Lady look at he for a beat , then turn , lie on she back and stare at the ceiling . int . cocktail lounge - night a ' in ' meeting place for the upper-middle Washington , D.C. crowd . Thomas Franklin and Sally haye sit at a table , drink in front of they . franklin ... it do not make any sense to I at all . I do not know what the hell he be talk about ... sally he be not make a speech to we , Tom - he be talk to the mass . he be very clever , keep it at a third grade level - that 's what they understand ... franklin yeah ? well , I do not understand what be up he sleeve when he pull that stunt with we ? what be he do ? and why ? sally who know ...? maybe the government have something to do with it . franklin you know , Sally - I really feel like I have be have , and you know what that mean , do not you ?... it mean that any political future I have be right down the toilet ! the camera begin to slowly move away from the table , the sound of Franklin 's voice continue . franklin ( cont 'd ) ... Jesus , the think of spend the rest of my life as a attorney , that be really a downer ... and , Christ , Sally , I almost forget johanna be start to think something 's go on between ... Franklin 's voice fade into the background hubbub . the voice of kinney , the research assistant from the Washington Post be hear as the camera settles on a table occupy by sidney Courtney and he staff . kinney ... sid , be reasonable - I have be everywhere , there 's no place leave to check ! courtney try again . kinney sure , try again - where ? there 's nothing , it 's like he never exist ! courtney try again . kinney sid , it 's useless ! courtney I say - try again . kinney stand , shove he paperwork across the table . kinney up yours , sid . you try again , I quit ! kinney take he drink with he as he leave the lounge . ext . rand mansion - night the household staff be line up on the front step , applaud chance as he step from the limousine . chance accept the plaudit , though do not understand the reason . as he near the step , Perkins and Wilson step forward . wilson a outstanding speech , sir . perkin May I take you coat , Mr. gardiner ? chance yes . thank you , Perkins . Perkins nod , take chance 's overcoat , allow everyone to enter the house ahead of he . alone on the step , Perkins quickly search through the pocket of the coat , find nothing . int . rand' hospital room - night rand be in bed . Eve sit on the edge , look warmly to chance who stand nearby . allenby prepare a injection for rand , and occasionally glance curiously at chance . chance breathes deeply , enjoy the oxygen . rand ( with some effort ) ... you possess a great gift , chauncey , of be natural . and that , my boy , be a rare talent , the true mark of a leader . you be strong and brave , yet do not moralize . I hope the entire country be watch you tonight , the entire country ... allenby cross to rand , needle in hand . allenby and you , Benjamin , must be strong and brave for I . turn over , please . rand ( hold up hand ) in a minute , Robert - in a minute ... chauncey , I would like to ask a favor of you ... chance certainly , Ben . rand Senator rowley 's widow , Sophie , be host a evening reception tomorrow evening honore ambassador skrapinov of the Soviet Union ... I think it 's rather obvious that Robert will not allow I to attend , so - would you go in my place , and escort Eve ? chance yes . I would like to escort Eve . rand good . together , the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip . eve ( with a blush ) ... Ben , really ... rand ( reach out a tired hand to chance - chance hold it ) ... thank you , chauncey ... thank you very much . ( take back hand ) ... all right , Robert , I be all yours . Eve and chance quietly leave the room . allenby watch chance go , then ready rand for the injection . int . rand mansion - third floor hallway - night the elevator door open , Eve and chance come into the hallway . chance look back at the elevator for a beat , then the two walk quietly down the hall . eve ( stop by bedroom door ) ... you do not happen to have a tuxedo in you suitcase , do you ? chance no , thank you . eve oh. well , we can fix up one of Ben 's for you tomorrow night . Sophie insist a Black tie . chance I see . eve ( a pause , softly ) ... I have very few friend , chauncey ... and Benjamin 's friend be all quite a bit older ... Eve give chance a long look , then kiss he on the lip . she step back , smile . eve ( cont 'd ) ... good night , chauncey . chance good night , Eve . Eve go into she bedroom , close the door . chance head for he room as though nothing have happen . int . white house - oval office ante room - morning Kaufman and the five other aide nervously await the President 's arrival . the door open , the President briskly enter the room . president good morning , gentleman . aide ( as one ) good morning , sir . the President lead the way into the oval Office . int . oval office - morning as the President go to he desk , Kaufman hand he a folder . the President sit , read it quickly , it be very brief . president ( to Kaufman ) this be not what I request . kaufman no , sir . president this information go back three day . I want the standard file , you know that . kaufman right , Chief . president so ...? where the hell be it ? kaufman we ... uh , have be unable to come up with any information before the man appear at Mr. rand 's home ... and , uh ... president what the hell be you talk about , Kaufman ? kaufman well , we do have data from honeycutt 's source , Chief - but it be not pertinent . president I would like to hear that data , Kaufman . kaufman yes , sir . Kaufman take a clipboard from the man at he right . kaufman ( cont 'd ) ( read ) suit hand - make by a tailor in Chicago in 1918 . the tailor go out of business in 1929 , then take he own life . ... his shoe be hand - make in 1928 . the cobbler have long since be dead . underwear , all of the finest cloth , factory destroy by fire in 1938 . the man carry no identification ; no wallet , no driver 's license , no credit card . ... he carry one item along with he , a fine swiss pocket - watch craft at the turn of the century ; so far they have be unable to ascertain where or when purchase be make . ... he have never dyed he hair . ... Computers have analyze gardiner 's vocal characteristic ; it be impossible to determine he ethnic background , they feel he accent may be northeastern , but they will not commit to that . ... fingerprint check prove negative , no identification possible . ( a pause ) ... that 's it , Mr. President . the President stare at Kaufman for a beat , then speak into he intercom . president ( into intercom ) miss Davis - I would like my egg poach this morning , please . a quick " yes sir " from miss Davis over the intercom . the President lean back in he swivel chair , look at Kaufman . president ( cont 'd ) ... so what do all that add up to ? kaufman well , sir - it occur to we that he might be a agent of a foreign power . but , we rule that out , as they invariably be provide with too much documentation , too much american identity ... we , uh ... do not quite know what to make of it yet , sir ... but we will keep on top of it , Mr. President - we will come up with the answer . president ( with sarcasm ) I would appreciate that . the aide quickly leave the office . int . chance' room - morning chance be in bed , a bed tray on he lap , eat breakfast . a pile of the morning 's newspaper lie at the foot of the bed , untouched . the tv be play , chance watch as he eat . there be a knock at the door . chance ( without turn from tv ) come in ! Eve enter , wear a robe over she nightgown . eve chauncey ! have you see the papers ? chance no , Eve . I do not read the papers . eve ( move to bed ) well , it seem you have be describe as one of the architect of the President 's speech . and you own comment from the ' this even ' show be quote side by side with the President 's . chance I like the President . he be a very nice man . eve ( sit on bed ) I know ... ( a moment ) ... so be you , chauncey ... ( another moment , chance watch tv ) ... do you mind my be here , like this ? chance ( a bite of toast ) no , Eve . I like you to be here . Eve smile , move a little closer to chance . eve ... you know , chauncey ... I want we to be ... ( with difficulty ) I want we ... you and I to become ... close ... I want we to become very close , you know ...? chance yes , Eve . I know that . Eve suddenly begin to cry , sobbing quietly at first , then lose control , the tear flow freely . to comfort she , chance put he arm around she shoulder , nearly tipping he breakfast tray . Eve respond to he touch , draw closer , hold chance tightly . chance do he best to avoid spilling he breakfast , keep a eye on the tv , and to comfort Eve . she give in to she desire , begin to caress chance , run she hand over he body . she kiss he , he eye , he neck , he lip , he ear . chance do not return the lovemake , and Eve eventually catch hold of herself , stop . she lie quietly beside chance for a time , regains she demeanor , then speak . eve ... I be grateful to you , chauncey ... I would have open to you with a touch , and you know that ... ( chance , confuse , turn to she ) ... but you be so strong - I can trust myself with you . I be glad , chauncey - I be glad that you show so much restraint ... chance yes , Eve . I be very glad that you do not open . eve I know you be , chauncey ... ( a pause ) ... you conquer a woman from within herself , you infuse in she the need and desire and the long for you love . chance ( another bite of toast ) yes . that could be true . eve ( sit up ) ... I guess I may as well be honest about my feeling , chauncey , as I know you be I be in love with you ... I love you and I want you ... and I know that you know it and I be grateful that you have decide to wait until ... until ... Eve can not bring herself to finish the sentence . she rise , straighten she robe and move toward the door . eve ( cont 'd ) ( stop by door ) ... I do love you , chauncey . a knock at the door startles Eve . she turn , open it to maggie , the seam tress . maggie carry one of rand 's tuxedo . eve ( cont 'd ) oh , come in , maggie . maggie ( enter ) yes , mar 'am . eve chauncey , maggie will alter Ben 's tuxedo for you now . chance Fine . Eve leave . maggie stand by patiently as chance eat he once - warm scramble egg and watch " Mr. Rogers Neighborhood " on tv . int . rand mansion - allenby' room - day allenby be at he desk , search through the Washington , D.C. telephone book . he find a number , dial . allenby ( into phone ) Mr. Thomas Franklin , please . ( a wait ) be Thomas Franklin in ? ( a beat ) yes , this be Dr. Robert allenby , would you please tell Mr. Franklin that I would like to talk to he ? it concern chauncey gardiner . int . rand' hospital room - dusk Teresa and constance work in a corner of the room . rand be in bed , very still , deep in think . ext . sophie be - evening the rand 1 limousine pull up to Sophie 's house . Jeffrey open the door for Eve and chance . he wear Ben 's tuxedo , Eve be in a formal gown . the press be wait , a couple of reporter , 5 photographer and a mini-cam crew from local tv station gather around Eve and chance . reporter # 1 Mr. gardiner , what do you think of the Post 's editorial on the President 's speech ? chance ( smile for photog ) I do not read it . reporter # 2 ( surprised ) but air - you must have at least glance at it . chance no . I do not glance at it . reporter # 3 Mr. gardiner , the New York Times speak of you ' peculiar brand of optimism , ' what be you reaction to that ? chance ( continue to pose for picture ) I do not read that either . reporter # 3 well , how do you feel about that phrase , ' peculiar brand of optimism ? ' chance I do not know what it mean . reporter # 2 sorry to persist , air , but it would be of great interest to I to know what newspaper you do read . chance I do not read any newspaper . I watch tv . there be a moment of silence as the reporter digest this . the tv reporter smile , question chance . tv reporter ... do you mean , Mr. gardiner , that you find television 's coverage of the news superior to that of the newspaper ? chance ( flatly ) I like to watch tv . tv reporter ( pleased ) ) thank you , Mr. gardiner , for what be probably the most honest admission to come from a public figure in year . few man in public life have the courage not to read newspaper none have the gut to admit it . chance you be welcome . Eve and chance walk toward the front door , leave the newsmen to talk among themselves . eve I have never see anyone handle the media as well as you , chauncey . you be so cool and detach - almost as if you be bear to it . chance thank you , Eve . the front door be open for they by a attendant . int . sophie be - evening the Black tie reception be in progress . the house be crowded , possibly a hundred guest , mostly foreign ambassador and other such dignitary . Eve and chance enter , be greet by dennis watson , a State Department official . watson Mrs. rand , how good to see you . eve Mr. Watson . watson ( look to chance ) and you must be Mr. gardiner , correct ? chance yes . eve chauncey , this be Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department . chance ( they shake ) hello , Dennis . watson a pleasure to meet you , sir . chance yes . it be . sophie , a older woman bedeck with jewelry , approach , embrace Eve . sophie Eve , child ! how nice of you to come . eve hello , Sophie . Sophie step back , look at chance . sophie and look who you bring with ! eve Sophie , this be chauncey gardiner ... sophie ( hug chance ) oh , I have be just die to meet you , Mr. gardiner ! eve chauncey , this be Mrs. Sophia rowley . chance ( be hugge ) hello , Sophia . sophie ( step back , admire chance ) Sophie , please - call I Sophie ! Sophie pull they both into the party , leave Dennis look after chance as he walk away . sophie ( cont 'd ) ( as they go , to chance ) you just have to let I introduce you to some of the exciting people here ... why , Pat boone and he daughter may drop by later ! they disappear into the crowd . int . white house - oval office - night the President be hunch over he desk , absorb in construct a model airplane , a World War ii fly fortress bomber . the first Lady sit nearby , play solitaire on a small table . the President glance to she , then back to he work . president ( glue the wing ) ... how be the kid get along ? first lady oh. well , I just talk to Cindy this morning . she love California , but to quote she , she say , ' the secret service be get to be a drag . ' I guess she want she privacy ... president huh ... I be glad they be along with she , if you know what I mean ... how about Jack ? first lady well , I think Jack need some time alone with you , darling ... he 's get to that age , you know ... he really miss you ... president yeah ... I will have a talk with he as soon as ... a knock at the door interrupt the President . president ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) ... yes , come in ! Kaufman enter . kaufman sorry to disturb you , chief but we have new development . president oh ? what ? kaufman we have word that the Soviets have put out a top priority alert for information on gardiner 's background . so far , they have not come up with a thing - what 's more , as a result of they eagerness , one of they able agent blow he cover , we have he in custody at this time . president good . anything else ? kaufman yes , chief - eight other foreign power have put gardiner under surveillance . we be around - the clock now , sir - I will keep you post . the President nod , Kaufman leave . the President put some more glue on the wing . int . sophie be - night Sophie pull Eve and chance to ambassador skrapinov and he wife . skrapinov smile as he see Eve . skrapinov Mrs. rand . how delightful . skrapinov kiss Eve 's hand . eve it seem like age , Mr. ambassador . ( a nod to he wife ) Mrs. skrapinov . Mrs. skrapinov return the nod as Sophie introduce chance . sophie Mr. gardiner , let I introduce you to we guest of honor , his excellency vladimar skrapinov , ambassador of the Soviet Union . chance warmly shake skrapinov 's hand with both of he own . chance ( stumble over name ) hello ... his ... his ... sophie ambassador skrapinov , this be Mr. chauncey gardiner . skrapinov delighted . delighted . sophie and this be Mrs. skrapinov . chance smile at Mrs. skrapinov as the ambassador put a arm around he . skrapinov you must sit with we , my friend , we have much to discuss . chance I agree . skrapinov ( to Eve ) how be my dear friend Benjamin feel ? eve he 's do as well as could be expect , Mr. ambassador . he still speak of the stimulate discussion he 's have with you . skrapinov ah , yes . please give he my regards . eve of course . sophie ( tug at Eve ) come on , Eve . let 's let the man talk , there be so many people that have be ask about you . eve ( to chance and skrapinov ) would you two excuse I for a moment ? skrapinov regretfully , Mrs. rand - I shall yield the pleasure of you company to other . chance yes , Eve . I shall yield too . eve ( smile ) I will be back soon ... Eve and Sophie leave . skrapinov lead he wife and chance to they table . skrapinov ( as they walk ) I be sorry we have not meet sooner , Mr. gardiner . I have the pleasure of see you on television last night and I listen with great interest to you down - to- earth philosophy . I be not surprised that it be so quickly endorse by the President . ( quietly ) ... tell I , Mr. gardiner , just how serious be Benjamin 's illness ? I do not want to upset Mrs. rand by discuss it in detail . chance Ben be very ill . skrapinov yes , so I have hear , a shame ... as you know , we in the Soviet Union have the keenest interest in development of the first american Financial Corporation ... we be pleased to hear that you may fill Benjamin 's place should he fail to recover . ( arrive at table ) be seat , please , Mr. gardiner . chance sit between skrapinov and Mrs. skrapinov . skrapinov ( cont 'd ) ( move chair close to chance ) ... Mr. gardiner , I wish to be quite candid - consider the gravity of you economic situation , should not we , the diplomat , and you , the businessman - get together more often ? chance yes , I agree , I think so too . skrapinov to exchange we thought - what do a Russian know about business ? on the other hand , what do a american know about diplomacy ? chance yes , I understand . skrapinov and I have notice in you a certain reticence regard political issue - so why not a come together ? a interchange of opinion ? we may find , my friend , that we be not so far from each other , not so far ! chance ( a engage smile ) we be not far ... ( motion at nearness of they chair ) ... we chair almost touch . skrapinov ( laugh ) bravo ! bravo ! we chair be indeed almost touch ! and we want to remain seat on they , correct ? we do not want they snatch from under we , be I right ? because if one go , the other go , and then - boom ! boom ! and we be both down before we time , you see ? and neither of we want that , do you agree ? chance I certainly do . skrapinov yes . tell I , Mr. gardiner - do you by any chance enjoy krylov 's fable ? I ask this because there be something ... there be something krylovian about you . chance do you think so ? do you think so ? skrapinov so you know krylov ! skrapinov pause , then lean close to chance , speak softly in Russian . chance , have never hear this language , raise he eyebrow and laugh . Mrs. skrapinov remain impassive . skrapinov ( cont 'd ) ( amaze ) so you know you krylov in Russian , do you ? Mr. gardiner , I must confess I have suspect as much all along - I know a educate man when I meet one ! chance oh , good . skrapinov yes , it be very good ! chance yes , it be . ( beat ) would you tell I you name again , please ? skrapinov ( slap chance on the back ) Ho ! Ho ! a dash of american humor ! vladimar skrapinov ! chance yes . I like that name very much . skrapinov and yours , sir - chauncey gardiner ! ( in Russian ) how poetic ! chauncey , a name of uncertain meaning ! and gardiner , a bit of the french , a suggestion of a stroll through the flower ! a beautiful name , my friend ! as he speak in Russian , Eve come to the table , tap skrapinov on the shoulder . skrapinov ( cont 'd ) ( immediately rise ) Mrs. rand ! you have return to we ! eve only to steal Mr. gardiner away , if I might . ( to chance ) everyone want to meet you . chance yes , Eve . that would be good . skrapinov ( shake chance 's hand ) we must speak again , Mr. gardiner , many time ! chance thank you . as Eve and chance leave , skrapinov turn and nod to a man stand a short distance away . the man , karpatov , hurry to the table . skrapinov yes ? what have you find ? karpatov ( in Russian ) we have nothing on he , ambassador skrapinov . skrapinov ( hold up hand , look around ) quietly , please . Mr. gardiner , for one , understand we language . karpatov ( in English , softly ) sorry , comrade ambassador . skrapinov what do you mean there be nothing ? that 's impossible . karpatov there be no information available on the man before he move into Benjamin rand 's . it have prove to be such a difficult task that it have result in the loss of one of we agent to the United States government . Mrs. skrapinov strain to overhear the conversation . skrapinov but ... where be this man gardiner before last week ? karpatov apparently the White House share we curiosity - they have also launch a investigation , and , accord to we source , neither the f.b.i. nor the c.i.a. have meet with success . skrapinov I see . clearly , such interest on they part be of great political significance . karpatov clearly , yes comrade . skrapinov hmmm ... take this down . ( karpatov take out notepad ) I want this quote include in the tass coverage ; ' chauncey gardiner , in a intimate discussion with ambassador skrapinov , note that " unless the leader of the oppose political system move the chair on which they sit closer to each other , all of they seat will be pull from under they by rapid social and political change . " ' karpatov very good , you excellency . karpatov leave the table . int . WASHINGTON , D.C. cocktail lounge - night the same lounge as before . sidney Courtney sit at the same table as earlier , only this time with the editor of the Washington Post , lyman stuart . Courtney puff on he pipe as he speak . courtney ... it 's strictly rumor at this stage , lyman - just something in the wind ... stuart something rather big in the wind , I would say . so whose file be destroy ? the CIA 's or the FBI 's ? courtney I do not know . like I say , it 's just rumor so far , but we should start nose around , see if we can talk to some people ... the camera begin to slowly move away from they table . stuart ... but why ? the question be why ? why would they destroy gardiner 's file ? what be it about he past they be try to cover up ? ( he voice fade ) ... a criminal record ? a membership in a subversive organization ? homosexual , perhaps ? the SOUND of Stuart 's voice dissolves into Thomas Franklin 's as the camera settle on Dr. allenby and Franklin sit at a table nearby . franklin ... and he tell we that he have be live there since he be a child , work as a gardener . he show we a room in the garage , where he say he stay , and I ... well , I do not really believe he , of course - but why the act ? allenby I have no idea ... franklin another thing that baffle I , Doctor - what be he connection with the decease ? Major financial dealing , obviously - but we firm have no record of any such transaction . allenby hmmm . you say he show you he garden ? franklin well , he say it be he , he walk we through it . allenby I see. ( lean close to Franklin ) Mr. Franklin , I must ask you and miss haye to keep this incident with Mr. gardiner to yourselves . there 's no tell what he be involved in , and the matter may be extremely confidential . so please , not a word . franklin of course , Doctor , I understand . allenby Fine . thank you , Mr. Franklin . franklin certainly , glad to be of help . allenby rise , leave the bar . int . sophie' house - dinner party - night Eve and Sophie be talk to a small group . chance move away to get a hor d'oeuvre and be approach by ronald stiegler , a publisher . stiegler Mr. gardiner , I be Ronald stiegler , of Harvard book . chance ( a two -hande handshake ) hello , Ronald . stiegler Mr. gardiner , my editor and I have be wonder if you would consider write a book for we ? something on you political philosophy . what do you say ? chance I can not write . stiegler ( smile ) of course , who can nowadays ? I have trouble write a post card to my child ! look , we could give you a six figure advance , provide you with the very best ghostwriter , research assistant , proof reader ... chance I can not read . stiegler of course not ! no one have the time to read ! one glance at thing , watch television ... chance yes . I like to watch . stiegler sure you do ! no one read !... listen , book publishing be not exactly a bed of rose this day ... chance ( mild interest ) what sort of bed be it ? int . rand' hospital room - night rand be in bed . sitting nearby be two attorney , monroe and townsend . Mrs. aubrey stand to one side and constance and Teresa prepare a iv for rand . rand ( speak slowly , with effort ) everything . I say everything and that 's exactly what I mean . monroe but , Mr. rand , the holding be so extensive , I would like to be more precise in ... rand ( interrupt ) what could be more precise than everything ...? allenby enter the room , stand by the door , unnotice . monroe ( turn to townsend ) everything to Mrs. rand . townsend ( draft a will ) right - everything . rand you two do not have to lecture I on the complexity of the situation , no one know that better than myself ... but you must understand that I have a endless faith in Mrs. rand 's ability - I know that she will select the right person for guidance when she have the need ... she have share my life , gentleman , she have give I far more pleasure than any of my so call asset ... life have suddenly become very simple for I now - I may be older than my year , and you might think I to be somewhat feeble ... but I be still in love , gentleman , thank God for that ... allenby silently leave the room . int . sophie' house - dinner party - night Dennis Watson , of the State Department , talk with chance in a corner of the live room . Dennis whisper something into chance 's ear and chance give he a innocent smile . Dennis be encourage by the smile . dennis we could do it now , we can go upstairs . ( no reaction from chance ) ... please , it 's time for we . come upstairs . chance ( blankly ) I like to watch . dennis watch ? you mean just watch I ? do it alone ? chance yes . I like to watch very much . dennis well , if that 's what you want , then I want it too . ( take chance 's arm ) we can go this way . chance I want to tell Eve . dennis tell Eve ? you mean Mrs. rand ? chance yes . dennis ( pull chance ) oh , you can tell she later . she will never miss you in this crowd . Dennis lead chance out of the crowded room . int . white house - president's bedroom - night a light from the adjoin bathroom filter into the darken bedroom . the President and the first Lady be in bed . they each lie on they back , a distance apart and be silent . first lady ( after some time ) ... maybe you should talk to somebody , darling . president no , that will not do any good . first lady ( another pause ) ... be it I ? be there something I have do ? president oh , no , sweetheart - it 's not you ... first lady ( another pause ) it 's you damn job . it never happen when you be a senator ... president it 's not that , I just ... the inter - White House phone ring , the President reach for it . president ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah , Kaufman - what be it ? kaufman' voice ( over phone ) Chief , we have a break in the case . we man at the Washington Post say they be work on a story that either the CIA or the FBI destroy gardiner 's file before anyone could get to they . president what ? why ? kaufman' voice ( over phone ) I can not say at this time - neither agency will admit to a thing . president ( get out of bed ) okay , get both director over here , I will be right down . the President hang up the phone as the first Lady stare at the ceiling . int . sophie' house - upstair room - night a small room exquisitely decorate in pale lilac tapestry . the light be very dim , and Dennis , who we can not see , be lie on the floor . Dennis ' clothes be drape over a chair . chance see a very small pocket television on a desk . he turn the tv on . dennis ' voice ( softly ) can you see well ? chance ( squint at small screen ) yes , very well , thank you . dennis ' voice do you like it ? chance yes . it 's very tiny , but it 's good . dennis ' voice ( disappointed at it be ' tiny ' ) ... be you sure you like it ? chance yes , I do , it 's very good . dennis ' voice ( excited ) really ? really !!! chance react to the change in tone of Dennis ' voice , turn to look at he on the floor . hear the groan and heavy breathe , chance think Dennis be ill . chance do you need a doctor ? I could call Robert ... dennis ' voice I do not want Robert . chance I see . dennis ' voice ( through the groan ) you foot ! give I you foot !! Dennis reach out with he free hand , grab chance 's foot , pull it to himself . chance ( some pain ) thank you . but my leg be still a little sore . chance watch as Dennis go through some spasm , then he body relax . chance be concerned for Dennis ' health . chance ( cont 'd ) be you sure you be not ill ? we hear a content sigh from the man on the floor . ext . sophie be - night a long , black limousine with a Red Star on the door pull away from Sophie 's house . int . red STAR limousine - night alexis novogrod , a high -ranking kgb officer , and two of he underling be in the limousine , along with skrapinov , he wife and karpatov . novogrod and he man wear heavy clothing , fresh from Moscow . they all drink vodka . ( dialogue in Russian , English subtitles ) novogrod the rank -and - file in the FBI feel he be FBI , but other feel he be a CIA man who know how to destroy FBI file . skrapinov that could be possible ... novogrod but we be quite certain , comrade , that this man gardiner be a lead member of a american elitist faction plan a coup d'etat . skrapinov a coup d'etat ! of course , that be foreseen by lenin himself ! novogrod that be correct , comrade skrapinov . we have ascertain that gardiner head a big-business power group that will soon be take over the american government . skrapinov Big business . I could work with that faction quite nicely , Colonel novogrod . novogrod you have prove that already , comrade skrapinov , you be to be congratulate for recognize the importance of this man and establish a early friendship . skrapinov thank you , Colonel . novogrod ( raise he glass ) let we toast to the success of the coup . they all raise they glass . group toast na zdorov'e ! the man and Mrs. skrapinov drink they vodka . int . sophie' house - night the reception be break up . Eve , wear she coat , search for chance in the crowd . she see he , tap he on the shoulder from behind . eve chauncey , where have you be ? I be afraid you get bored and leave , or that you be with some mysterious woman . chance no . I be with a man . we go upstairs . eve upstair ? chauncey , you be always involved in some sort of discussion ... chance he be very ill , I stay with he for a while . eve it must be the punch , and it be stuffy in here -- I feel it a little myself . you be a angel , my dear - thank God there be still man like you around to give aid and comfort . Eve and chance leave the reception . int . white house - oval office - night the President sit behind he desk in a bathrobe , he hair muss . stand before he be grover honeycutt , the director of the f.b.i. , and clifford baldwin , c.i.a . Chief . Kaufman stand to one side . all be red -ey , tired , and frustrated . honeycutt I never give such a directive , Mr. President . baldwin nor I , sir - it would be out of the question . president gentlemen , I do not call you here at such a hour to make accusation , I just want to explore the possibility . now , I have three question ; be the man a foreign agent ? or , have we suddenly find that we method of gather data be grossly inefficient ? or , thirdly , have the man 's file be destroy ? now , I would like some answer . baldwin gardiner be not a foreign agent , there be now sixteen country investigate the man . we can rule that out . president very well ... can we rule out inefficiency ...? there be silence in the room . a couple of look , but silence . president ( cont 'd ) I see . what about question three ? be it possible to erase all trace of a man ? honeycutt highly unlikely , sir ... in fact , the boy around the Bureau feel that the only person capable of pull it off would be a ex f.b.i. man . baldwin ( a look to honeycutt ) I do not think that 's entirely true , grover . president ( to baldwin ) and what do the boy around Intelligence think ? baldwin well , Mr. President ... they do not quite know what to think . president ( rise ) gentlemen , needless to say , there be go to be a full congressional investigation of you respective operation . ( go to door ) good night . the President leave the oval Office . int . rand mansion - third floor hallway - night Eve and chance walk down the hallway . eve ( hold he hand ) I feel so close to you , so safe with you , chauncey ... ( stop at she bedroom door ) ... and Benjamin understand that , dearest ... he understand and accept my feeling for you ... chance yes , Eve . Ben be very wise . eve ( open she door ) ... come in , chauncey - please come in ... chance thank you . chance enter , Eve close the door behind they . int . eve' room - night Eve turn on a soft lamp , chance go directly to she tv , turn it on . eve I can sense that you have be through a lot , chauncey . but one day , when you feel like it , you will tell I all about you life ... ( chance watch a old movie ) ... but , even if you tell I nothing , even if it 's too painful for you to reveal you past ... as she talk , chance watch a love scene on tv . the hero give he lady a passionate kiss and embrace . the scene seem to ' sink into ' chance 's mind . he abruptly turn , take Eve into he arm and kiss she full on the mouth . just as abruptly , he turn away and change channel on tv . eve ( breathless ) oh , chauncey ... I do love you so much ! she take chance in she arm , kiss he wildly . they fall to she bed in a embrace . as she hold he , kiss he , run she hand over he body , chance watch television , neither resist nor respond to Eve 's caress . suddenly she stop , let she head fall on chance 's chest . eve ( cont 'd ) ... you do not want I , chauncey ... you do not feel anything for I ... nothing at all ... chance sit up on the bed , then , feel she sadness , gently stroke she hair as he look at tv . eve ( cont 'd ) I just do not excite you at all ... I do not know what you want ... I do not know what you like ... chance I like to watch . eve ( not understanding ) to watch ...? to watch I ...? chance yes . I like to watch . eve ( uncertain ) ... be that all you want ...? ( a hesitation ) ... to watch I ...? chance yes . it 's very good , Eve . eve ... but I have never do ... ( another hesitation ) ... you mean ...? when ... when ... when I do it ? ... when I touch myself ...? Eve slowly get up from the bed , nervously pace the bedroom as chance watch tv . she make a decision , move to chance , kiss he . eve ( cont 'd ) ( get arouse ) oh , chauncey ... she step back , slip off she dress . she do not undress any further , instead , lean close to chance . eve ( cont 'd ) one of that little thing you do not know about I yet , darling - I be a little shy . she smile , get in bed and pull the cover over herself . chance divide he attention between Eve and the tv , watch both with a equal detachment . Eve begin to respond to she own touch , find a heretofore undiscovered pleasure with she own body . chance change the channel as she reach orgasm . as Eve 's body tremble , chance yawn , get up from the bed . chance ( go to door ) good night , Eve . a low purr be hear from Eve as chance leave . int . rand' hospital room - morning allenby , constance and Teresa be readying a transfusion for rand . there be a feel of urgency as they work . rand , very weak , strain to speak to allenby . rand no more , Robert ... no more needle ... allenby ( sit on the side of the bed ) it 's not good , Ben - I be sure you can feel it . rand I know , Robert ... but , strangely enough , I do not feel too bad about now ... I feel all right ... I guess it 's easier ... know chauncey be here ... to take care of thing ... Teresa be about to swab rand 's arm with alcohol but he pull away . rand ( cont 'd ) no , I do not want any of that ... please ... please , just get I Mr. gardiner , Teresa - please ... he will head it up ... Teresa look to allenby , he nod to she . Teresa put the cotton down , leave the room . ext . rand mansion - patio - morning a light snow be fail . Eve be in a fur coat , hold a steaming cup of coffee . chance stand next to she , a umbrella in one hand . he hold he other arm out , catch the snowflake as they fall . eve ... and I feel so free now , chauncey . until I meet you , I never feel acknowledge by a man ... ( chance gaze out at the fall snow ) ... I always have the feel that I be just a vessel for a man , someone that he could take hold of , pierce , and pollute . I be merely a aspect of somebody 's lovemake . do you know what I mean ? chance turn to she , say nothing , press the cold snowflake to he face . eve ( cont 'd ) ( press close to he ) dearest , you uncoil my want ; desire flow within I , and when you watch I my passion dissolves it . you set I free . I reveal myself to myself and I be drench and purge . chance that 's very interesting , Eve . Teresa appear in the doorway . teresa Mr. gardiner . Mr. rand would like to see you . chance yes . I would like to see Ben . chance give Eve a warm smile , then follow Teresa into the house . int . rand' hospital room - morning allenby , with nothing more he can do to prolong rand 's life , sit on the bed close to he , grip he hand tightly . Teresa show chance into the room and allenby motion to the nurse to leave . as they do , chance , once again breathe the oxygen with a smile , go to rand 's bedside . rand ( slowly ) ... chauncey ... chauncey ... chance yes , Ben - be you go to die now ? allenby wince . rand ( a weak smile ) ... I be about to surrender the horn of plenty for the horn of Gabriel , my boy ... chance oh , I see . rand ( reach out to he ) let I feel the strength in you hand , chauncey ... let I feel you strength ... ( hold chance 's hand ) yes , that 's good ... I hope , chauncey - I hope that you will stay with Eve ... take care of she , watch over she , she 's a delicate flower , chauncey ... chance ( smile ) a flower ... rand she care for you and she need you help , chauncey ... there 's much to be look after ... chance yes . I would like to do that . rand ... I have work very hard and enjoy my life ... I have know success ... and I have feel love ... my associate , chauncey - I have talk with they about you ... they be eager to meet you ... very eager to meet you ... I be very fond of you , chauncey ... and I understand Eve ... tell she that ... tell she I be madly in love with she ... rand slump down , dead . allenby check he pulse , turn to chance . allenby ... he 's go , chauncey . chance yes , Robert . I have see it before . it happen to old people . allenby ( cover rand 's face ) yes , I suppose that 's true . chance reach out , uncover rand 's face , gently touch the man 's forehead , feel the coldness . allenby eye he as chance stay with rand for a moment , then replace the sheet . chance ( turn to allenby ) will you be leave now , Robert ? allenby in a day or two , yes . chance Eve be go to stay . the house will not be close . allenby ( a moment , a look ) ... you have become quite a close friend of Eve 's - have not you mr... ( a beat ) ... chance ...? chance yes . I love Eve very much . allenby I see ... ( another beat ) ... and you be really a gardener , be not you ? chance ( brighten ) yes , Robert - I be . ( a smile at allenby ) I will go tell Eve about Ben now , Robert . chance leave the bedroom . allenby watch he go , then sit back in a chair , he head spin . ext . rand mansion - day a cloudy , cold day patch of snow be on the ground . the rand servant be line up in front of the mansion , listen to funeral service for rand on a pair of loudspeaker . pan around , reveal the service be hold on a hill overlook the mansion . fifty mourner be gather around the rand family mausoleum . chance stand with Eve and allenby . the President of the United States stand before a microphone . president ... million of people across the world have hear of the pass of Benjamin rand ; but , unfortunately , only relatively few will feel the pain and sadness at such a loss . to most , Benjamin rand be a legend ; to that of we gather here today , Benjamin be a beloved friend . my personal association with Benjamin date back many year , and my memory of we friendship will stay with I forever . as the President speak , chance turn and walk away . Eve and allenby watch as he go into the tree surround the area . president ( cont 'd ) I initially come in contact with the rand name in 1943 . 1 be a young lieutenant in the Air Corps , a navigator fly mission over Europe . that plane that I learn to know so well be manufacture by the rand Aeronautics Corporation . ( a beat ) Benjamin rand be a industrial giant , know to be powerful and uncompromising , and yet , on a personal level , we have all feel he warmth and humor ... ( a beat ) ... I would like to share with you a few quote , and a few feeling from we dear friend . ( hold up paper , read ) ... ' I do not regret have political difference with man that I respect ; I do regret , however , that we philosophy keep we apart . ' ... ' I have no use for that on welfare , no patience whatsoever ... but , if I be to be honest with myself , I must admit that they have no use for I , either . ' ... ' I be bear into a position of extreme wealth , I have spend many sleepless night think about extreme poverty - I do not know the feeling of be poor , and that be not to know the feeling of the majority of people in this world . for a man in my position , that be inexcusable . ' ' life be a state of mind . ' ... ' when I be a boy , I be tell that the Lord fashioned we from he own image . that 's when I decide to manufacture mirror . ' int . large auditorium - day ah auditorium with row upon row of empty seat . huddle together at one end of the hall be six important businessman , speak in hushed tone . jame dudley , a powerful industrialist , speak . dudley but what do we know of the man ? nothing ! we have no inkling of he past ! sewell nelson , a corporation chairman , join in . nelson correct , and that be a asset . a man 's past can cripple he , he background turn into a swamp and invite scrutiny . another executive , peter caldwell , agree . caldwell to this time , he have not say anything that could be use against he . charlie bob bennet , a Texas oil millionaire ; bennet well , I be certainly open to the think - it would be sheer lunacy to support the President for another term . nelson no one will go along with that ... look at the fact , gentleman , the response from he appearance on ' this even ' be overwhelming ; he have excited and awaken the people of this country at a time of despair . lyman murray , a banker ; murray he 's personable , elusive , yet seemingly honest . he 's riding a crest of popularity that build with every statement . as far as he think go , he appear to be one of we . I firmly believe , gentleman , that he be we only chance - Mr. chauncey gardiner ! ext . wood - day chance , he umbrella under he arm , walk through the wood . ext . rand' funeral - day the service be over . Eve , allenby talk with the President and the first Lady . eve it be very move , Bobby - thank you so much ... president we be all go to miss he , Eve ... ( glance around ) ... where 's Mr. gardiner ? allenby ... he walk off ... eve chauncey be so sensitive ... he be overcome with grief ... president I can certainly understand that ... first lady of course ... I be so sorry for you , Eve ... eve thank you , Nancy . first lady I will call you soon . the President and first Lady head toward they limousine . ext . wood - day chance walk deeper into the wood , absorb in the greenery . he stop by a tree , brushes some snow from a branch , move on . ext . rand' funeral - day the majority of mourner have leave . Eve and allenby walk slowly to the rand 1 limousine , look around for chance . eve ... do you think we should look for he ? allenby I do not think so , he should be along soon ... eve I wish he be here ... Eve keep look as they walk to the limousine . ext . wood - day chance happen on a tree with a crack limb , hang to the ground . he stop , inspect the break , run he finger along the split in the bark . he look to the ground , notice that a end of the limb have fall on a seedling , bend it double . chance pull the limb away , then kneel beside the seedling . he remove a expensive pay of suede glove , and , with gentle finger , brushes the dirt and snow away from the seedling . chance glance up to the remain limb of the larger tree which could fall and threaten the emerge tree . he unfold he umbrella , place it over the seedling in a way to give it protection , yet to still allow it to receive light from the winter sun . chance stand , put he glove back on and continue he walk , disappear into a remote section of the wood . ext . rand' funeral - day Jeffrey stand hold the door for Eve and allenby , all the other car have go . Eve be worried , get into the car . ext . wood - day chance walk through the wood , he pace faster than before . ext . rand' funeral - day the limousine still wait for chance . int . limousine - day Eve be deeply concerned for chance . eve we have to find he , Robert - he could be lose , something may have happen , we can not leave he ! allenby you really care for he , do not you , Eve ? eve I do - we do - both of we , Ben and I feel so much for chauncey ... allenby I think we would better go look for he . ( he tap on the glass partition ) David ! David start up the limousine . ext . wood - day chance walk with determination through the wood . int . limousine - day allenby and Eve search for chance as David drive along a narrow road through the wood . Jeffrey , sit in front , suddenly call out . jeffrey look ! about 100 yard ahead of they , chance cross the road , continue on down a hill . eve there he be ! chauncey ! David stop the limousine at the point where chance cross . Eve hurry out of the car . ext . side of road - day chance be about twenty yard down the side of a hill . Eve call to he . eve chauncey ! chauncey ! chance ( stop , look up ) hello , Eve . Eve run , half fall as she go down the hill . eve oh , chauncey ...! she get to he , hold he tightly . eve ( cont 'd ) oh , chauncey , darling ... where have you be ? we think we would lose you - we have be look all over ! chance yes . I have be look for you , too , Eve . she hug he one more time , then she lead he back up the hill to the wait limousine . allenby get out of the car , greet chance with a handshake and a arm around the shoulder . then the three get into the limousine . fade out . the end