beloved written by Richard lagravenese base on the novel by Toni morrison October 11 , 1996 fade in ... ext . 124 bluestone road - dawn . it be winter in Ohio . a house sit isolate beside a barren field . the field stretch beyond , until a line of distant wood stop it . around the back of the house stand a rundown storage shed , a cold house , a privy and a water pump . a porch with a single door serve as the only entrance . camera begin a slow move toward the house as we ; super - ohio , 1865 we hear sound from inside the house - bump , a chair falling over ... and feet running on wooden floor board . CUT to : int . 124 bluestone road - dawn . c.u . - the hand of two brother holding each other as they run down the stair .. bulgar ( 13 year old ) and howard ( 14 year old ) run down the step from the second floor . they be fully dress , carry a small bag of belonging . howard we gonna need food . wait here . bulgar reluctantly let go of Howard 's hand as the latter run into the kitchen . alone , he edge towards the front door , when suddenly ; the door slowly creak OPEN on it 's own . scare , he step away slowly . int . kitchen - dawn . Howard be try to toss some food into a bag . he spot a cake sit on top the wooden table , with some piece already eat . he find a knife and approach the table . he be about to cut into the cake when he see two tiny hand print appear on the cake 's surface . Howard stop cold - drop the knife . int . front entrance - dawn . Howard exit the kitchen and take bulgar 's hand ; howard come on ! denver ( os ) bul ? the boy look up the stair and see they baby sister , nine year old denver . denver where you goin ? the brother be brokenhearted at the sight of she . they love they sister . but there be stronger force here . a mirror on a wall beside Howard crack down the middle . howard we gotta go ! bulgar look up to Denver . they exchange a look of deep affection and pain long . he want to take she . howard bye , Denver . you take care . denver bye ? bul ? bulgar be start to cry . he rush up the step and hug he sister . he kiss she hard then break away . Denver 's outstretch hand miss he shirt and hang mid-air . denver no.. bul ... bulgar fly down the step and disappear out of the house hold Howard 's hand once more . Denver sit alone at the top of the stair . she sadly look up and weep , as if to the house itself : denver now what you go and do that for ? ext . road to the train - dawn . the voice of sethe humming a melody carry over the image of : the two boy run for they life towards the train , hold hand all the way . Howard be the first to reach it . as it pass by , he throw he bag upon it and jump in . bulgar race beside it as Howard reach for he . c.u . - howard hand reach for bulgar 's ... they connect . wide shot - the boy be on the train as it leave town . on it 's route , the train pass a ramshackle graveyard . camera move slowly into the graveyard until it reach a headstone , make with fleck pink stone . upon the headstone be only one word : beloved . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - continuous . camera move slowly towards the side exterior of 124 , into a Close - up of a woman look out of a second floor bedroom window . it be sethe , mother of the two boy and Denver . she hum she melody , softly , sadly , with a resign understanding of why she boy be run away ... and a deep pain that be too constant to notice . fade out ; fade in : int . 124 - baby sugg bedroom - later that day . baby sugg , grandmother and mother - in - law to sethe , sit in she bed fondle color fabric of bright GREEN .. it be the only vibrant color in a otherwise drab surround . sugg be bed-ridd , exhaust to she bone - she face a mosaic of suffer and sacrifice and test faith . baby sugg ya know what I would love to see ? I love to see I some lavender . you get any lavender ? or even pink - pink will do . sethe be place fold laundry into a dresser . she stop and check she pocket for rag or swatch ... she look around the room .. sethe no. sorry . baby sugg ah , winter in Ohio be especially rough if you have get a appetite for color . sugg go back to contemplate she green until ; sethe ( os ) oh wait ... sugg look up to see sethe stick she pink tongue out at she . sugg smile . baby sugg oh , that 's fine . Fine . sethe let out a small laugh . she walk toward the window , stretch she body . her expression change as she think of she boy . baby sugg read she like a book . baby sugg they will be all right . I be surprised they last here this long . sethe I do not know . maybe we should have move . baby sugg what would be the point ? not a house in the country be not pack to the rafter with some dead negro 's grief . we lucky we ghost be a baby . my husband spirit come back ? or yours ? do not talk to I ! ha .. you lucky . you get one child leave , still pullin at you skirt . be thankful . I have eight . eight with six father . every one of they go from I . four take , four chase and all , I expect , worry somebody 's house into evil . my first bear - all I can remember of she now be how she love the burn bottom of bread . her little hand .. I would not know them if they slap I . can you beat that ? eight child and that 's all I remember . sethe ( return to she work ) you remember halle . baby sugg oh , I remember bit and piece of all of them I guess .. halle , of course .. I have halle a lifetime . almost twenty year ... my two girl , sell and go before I could even a hear about it , and they without they grow up tooth yet . my third child , my son after halle ... I let that straw boss have I for four month so 's I could keep that boy . next year , he have he trade for lumber anyway and I pregnant with he child . I could not love that child . I would not . not any of the rest either . God take what he would .... and he do ... sethe the boy would not have leave if halle be here . baby sugg that boy do not even know he . you have six whole year of marriage to my halle father every one of you child . a bless . I learn hard that a man 's just a man , but a son like that ... like halle .. now that 's somebody . sethe 's mix feeling show all over she face . although she love halle , there be clearly something unresolved in she . sethe just get a few more thing to do , then I will start supper . sethe exit . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - late day . Denver be play in the front yard by herself . sethe be pump water into a bucket for clothes wash . a gentle breeze carry a leaf into the bucket . sethe see it float atop the water for a moment , then pick it up . c.u. of sethe as the image triggers a feel - and the feel a memory - from long ago . sethe look around she and find she be no longer stand in the barren field of 124 ... but rather - memory ; ext . sweet home - late day . a stun vista of the plantation sweet home - sun beat down on grove and row of gorgeous sycamore for as far as the eye can see . sethe 's figure dwarf by the majestic landscape . sethe look frighten . her breathe grow shallow . she hear something ; the SOUND of a wagon' wheel - roll over a road , grow louder , come towards she intercut ; c.u. of a wagon wheel moving rapidly on a road . camera pan up to the man drive the wagon - a stern white man wearing a distinctive hat ... sethe turn away from the sycamore towards the road to see ; end of memory ; ext . 124 bluestone - late day . a man drive a horse and wagon with two child in the back , come up bluestone Road . he wear no hat . sethe breathes easily . she look around she - the reality of 124 's barren field have return . the memory of sweet Home 's sycamore have vanish . Denver be play near the road . as the wagon near 124 , Denver look up and smile . the man whip the horse hard so as to ride past the house faster . the child stare at Denver and 124 , with horror and curiosity . the stare of the child destroy Denver 's smile . she watch they go , then turn to hide she upset and see she mother watch she . sethe look to Denver with empathy and impotence : want to ease she daughter 's pain and know full well she cannot . hurt and angry , Denver run past sethe , towards the wood . ext . wood - late day . Denver run with a purpose , know exactly where she be go . she reach five boxwood bushes plant in a ring . the tall bush stretch toward each other four foot off the ground , form a round , emerald room in the center , seven foot high , with wall fifty inch thick of murmure leave . this be Denver 's private place . she bend low and crawl through the leave into the center . once there , this lonely child wipe away she tear and try to pull herself together . she lay she face against the cool earth . int . 124 bluestone rd . - night . Denver walk to she room in she night dress . she pass the open door of she mother 's bedroom and peek in : int . sethe' bedroom - night . sethe kneel by she bed , as if praying ... beside sethe , a white dress kneel as well , with it 's sleeve around sethe 's waist . like two friendly grow - up woman , comforting each other in prayer . Denver tip toe away . int . denver' room - night . sethe enter to check on Denver , whom she think be asleep . she lean over and kiss she forehead , only to discover she be awake ; denver mama ? sethe what be it baby ? denver you think maybe when daddy come , he could talk to the baby ghost . maybe make she behave and then people will not be scared of here no more . sethe I do not know . denver why will not she ever settle ? sethe she 's mad like a baby get mad . you forget how little it be . she be not even two year old when she die . too little to understand . denver for a baby she throw a powerful spell . sethe no more powerful than the way I love she . hear she mother say this , move Denver . denver what do you pray for mama ? sethe oh , I do not really pray anymore . I just talk . denver about what ? sethe oh , about time . how some thing go . pass on . some thing just stay . denver what thing ? sethe like , the place I be at before here - sweet Home . even if that whole farm and every tree and blade of grass on it die - it will still be there . wait . and if you go and stand in the place where it be , what happen there once , will happen again . denver if it 's still there , wait , that mean nothing ever die ? sethe nothing ever do . that 's why I have to get my child out . no matter what . that 's why you can never go there . denver you never tell I all what happen . just that they whipped you and you run off pregnant with I . sethe you do not need to know nothing else . denver ( nod ) I see a white dress kneel next to you when you be praying . sethe White ? maybe it be my bedding dress . describe it to I . denver have a high neck . Whole mess of button come down the back . sethe button . well , that 's not my bedding dress . I never have a button on nothing . what else ? denver a bunch at the back . on the sit down part . sethe a bustle ? denver I do not know what it 's call . sethe you say it be hold on to I . how ? denver kneel next to you while you be praying . I mean , talk . it look just like you . sethe well , I will be . denver I think it be a sign . I think maybe baby 's get plan . sethe what plan ? denver I do not know , but that dress hold onto you get to mean something . sethe maybe . maybe it do . sethe smile sympathetically for she lonely child . they hear a sound in the house - floor board creak . denver she 's crawl again . sethe nod and hold she daughter 's hand as they listen . fade out ; super : 1873 . fade in ; ext . 124 bluestone road - day . c.u . - paul D. garner . Paul stand on the road , gaze up at the house . grateful he 's arrive , cautious about what he will find , he step towards the porch . his clothes be rag . his foot sore and blister in he shoe . ext . the pump - day . off to the side of the house , sethe wash she foot and leg at the pump . she look up and see Paul 's figure walk towards the house . the sun blaze in she eye . she can not make out who it be , or whether or not he 's even real . as he reach the porch , Paul disappear from view . sethe walk towards the front of the house . when she be little more than forty foot away , she stop - still not certain Paul be a real man or a hallucination of the past . sethe Paul ? Paul D .? be that you ? paul ( smile ) what 's leave . ( he rise ) how you be girl , besides barefoot ? sethe jam she ball up stocking into she pocket . she smile like a little girl , not able to believe she eye . sethe you look good . paul Devil 's confusion . he let I look good long as I feel bad . sethe how long have it be ? paul ' Bout eighteen year , I figure . sethe eighteen year . paul and I swear I be walk every one of they . mind if I join you ? he begin take off he shoe . sethe you want to soak they ? let I get you some water . paul no , uh , uh . can not baby foot . a whole more tramping they get to do yet . sethe you be not leave right away , be you ? you stay awhile . paul well , long enough to see baby sugg , you .. where be she ? sethe Dead . paul aw no . when ? sethe eight year now . almost nine . paul be it hard ? I hope she do not die hard . sethe Soft as cream . be alive be the hard part . sorry you miss she though . be that what you come by for ? paul that 's some of what I come for . the rest be you . sethe do not know what to do with she eye when he say this .. she look away instinctively . Paul realize that may have sound too intimate so he lean back and sigh : paul the truth be know , I go anywhere this day . anywhere they let I sit down . sethe come on inside . paul Porch be fine . cool out here . sit with I . like a nervous little girl , sethe take a sit beside a man for the first time in year , fold she sweat stain skirt beneath she . paul so baby sugg be go . somehow never think death would find she . sethe it find everyone . paul we manage well enough without meeting it . sethe I suppose . awkward pause . sethe try to find the word to a difficult question - but one that be foremost in she mind ; sethe I would not have to ask about he , would I ?... you would tell I if there be anything to tell , would not you ? Paul know instantly she be ask about halle . paul you know I would . but I do not know any more about what happen to halle now than I do then . something about Paul 's expression might suggest he 's keep something from she . he turn he gaze outward as he say ; paul you must think he 's still alive . sethe no . I think he 's dead . it 's just not be sure that keep he alive . paul what do baby sugg think ? sethe same . ha , listen to she , all she child dead and she feel each one go the very day and hour it happen . paul when she say halle go ? sethe 1855 . same day my baby be bear . paul you have that baby , do you ? damn , never think you would make it . running off pregnant . sethe have to . could not be no wait . paul all by yourself too . sethe almost . a white girl help I . paul then she help herself , God bless she . awkward silence . sethe we get spare room . you could stay the night , if you have a mind to . paul you do not sound too steady in the offer . sethe oh it 's .. it 's truly mean . I just hope you will pardon my house . Paul smile a warm , touch smile that after all that they have survive , sethe be worried about what he will think of she home . paul my house . I like the sound of that . sethe smile , then rise to escort he in . int . 124 bluestone road - day . sethe open the front door and enter , with Paul behind she , hang he shoe by the lace over he shoulder . as he follow she in ; a pool of red , undulating light form around he . it worry he . paul you get company ? sethe on and off . the light undulate faster and faster , extend all the way to the kitchen at the end of the hall . frightened , Paul step back out the door . paul good God ! what kind of evil you get in there ? sethe it 's not evil .. it 's just .. just sad . come on . just step through . sethe reach out she hand . Paul tentatively take it and be lead through the red light of the hallway , through to the kitchen where it end . as he walk through , we can see Paul affect by the light . it be sad . a sadness that touch he , welling up inside until tear be brim in he eye . he reach the normal light of the kitchen and step out of it . int . kitchen - day . Paul turn back to find the red light in the hall be go . paul I think you say she die soft as cream . sethe ( busy herself in kitchen ) oh that 's not baby sugg . that 's my daughter . the one I send ahead with the boy before I run off . paul she do not live ? sethe no . paul the boy too ? sethe no , they alive - they run off before baby sugg die . the one I be carry when I leave sweet Home be all I get leave . still affect by the light , Paul ease himself down at the table , find something to say . paul well , probably best .. if a negro boy get leg he ought to use they . sit down too long , somebody figure out a way to tie they up ....... ( the image disturb sethe ) you by yourself then ? sethe I and Denver ... my daughter . paul no man ? ( se the shake head " no " ) and that 's all right by you ? sethe it 's all right by I ... I cook at a restaurant in town . sew a little on the sly .... she place a bottle and a glass on the table before he . the light jarre he . he snatch the bottle to drink and calm himself down . she joke . sethe you look more do in by a walk through my front hall than all that eighteen year of walk put together . paul get that right . int . second floor of 124 - morning . Denver , all of eighteen year old now , and beautiful , be buttone up she dress when she hear the voice of a man down in the kitchen . she stop . her face light up . denver daddy ? she run down the white staircase . int . kitchen - morning . as Denver run into the kitchen , we hear : sethe ( os ) wo not you stay a little while ? can not nobody catch up on eighteen year in a day . Denver appear expectantly , down the white staircase that lead from the second floor . she look at Paul wide eye . they turn to she with gentle smile ; sethe baby , this here 's Paul D. garner ... Paul , this be my Denver ... Paul 's the last of the sweet Home man . Denver 's heart sink . paul good morning miss Denver . it 's a pleasure . denver good morning , Mr. D. paul garner , baby . Paul D. garner . denver yes sir . paul glad to get a look at you . last time I see you mama , you be push out the front of she dress . she 's a fine look young lady , sethe . Fine look . get she daddy 's sweet face . denver you know my father ? paul knew he . knew he well . sethe of course he do . I tell you , he 's from sweet Home . Paul may stay with we a while . wo not that be nice , have a old friend stay a spell ? but Denver react with surprise and dismay . Paul be not she friend . Paul , right now , be more of a intruder . paul if that 's all right with you , that be ? denver we have a ghost here , you know . paul we meet . but sad , you mama say . not evil . denver no sir , not evil . but not sad either . paul what then ? denver Lonely . sethe I do not see how it could be lonely spend every minute with we like it do . denver it 's my sister . she be just a baby when she die in this house . paul remind I of that headless bride back behind sweet Home . remember that sethe ? use to roam they wood regular . denver ( annoyed , resentful ) mama do not like talk about sweet Home . say it be never sweet and it sure be not home . sethe girl , mind yourself ! paul now , now , she get it right there , sethe . sethe but it 's where we be . all together . it 's where I meet you father . and it come back on we whether we want it to or not .... denver then why do not you ever tell I about it ? sethe pause - unnerve and irritate by Denver 's challenge . sethe Denver , start up the stove . Paul must be hungry . paul do not go to no trouble on my account . sethe bread 's no trouble . the rest I bring back from where I work . least I can do , cooking dawn to noon , be bring dinner home . you get any objection to pike ? paul if he do not object to I I do not object to he . he address he humor to Denver who offer no response . she cross to the stove and work on lighting it . she 's mad . denver where 's he go to sleep ? baby sugg 's room get no sheet or nothing . sethe we will figure it out . denver maybe you should stay with mama , Mr. garner . then you two can talk about sweet Home all night long . sethe ( explode ) what 's the matter with you ! I never know you to behave like this ! paul leave she be , sethe . I be a stranger to she . sethe that 's just it . she get no cause to act up with a stranger . Denver collapse where she stand , sobbing out loud . sethe move to she . sethe baby , what be it ? do something happen ? Denver move away . sethe register this rejection . denver I can not no more ! I can not no more ! sethe can not what ? what can not you ? denver I can not live here ! I do not know where to go or what to do but I can not live here . nobody speak to we . nobody come by . nobody even know I be alive . paul what she talk about ' nobody speak to you ' ? sethe it 's the house . people do not ... denver it 's not ! it 's not the house ! it 's we ! it 's you ! sethe Denver ! paul leave off , sethe . it 's hard for a young girl live in a haunt place . that can not be easy . sethe ( grow irritate ) it 's easier than some other thing . come here , baby .. Denver allow herself to be hold . paul I be a grow man with nothing new leave to see or do and I be tell you it ' be not easy . maybe you oughta move . sethe no ! paul sethe ! sethe no. no move . no leave . it 's all right the way it be . paul you go to tell I it 's all right with this child half out of she mind . sethe ( hold Denver in she arm ) I get a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I be hold in my arm . no more run - from nothing ! I will never run from another thing on this earth , you hear ! I take one journey and I pay the ticket but let I tell you something , Paul D. garner ; it cost too much ! do you hear I ?! it cost too much ! now sit down and eat with we or leave we be ! sethe 's sudden outburst startles Paul . he watch as sethe usher Denver out to the keep room off the kitchen to quiet she down . alone , Paul be disturb by sethe 's word . he fish out a pouch of tobacco and concentrate on it , search for smoking papers he know he do not have ... wait for sethe to return . when she do , she head straight for the stove . she spit on she finger and touch it to check it 's heat . she then begin to make bread from flour , soda and salt - keep she back to Paul throughout - as the scene continue ; paul what tree , sethe ? sethe huh ? paul what tree on you back ? I do not see nothing grow on you back . sethe it 's there all the same . paul who tell you that ? sethe White girl . that 's what she call it . I never see it and never will . but she say that 's what it look like . a chokecherry tree . leave , branch . that be 18 year ago . could have cherries by now for all I know ... paul I do not follow . sethe pause . something in she decide to tell Paul D , although she keep work on the bread to stay in control ; sethe I have milk , see . I be pregnant with Denver but I have milk for my baby girl that I send ahead with the boy . I have not stop nursing she when I send she and the boy ahead of I . anybody could smell I long before they see I . nothing I could do about it . all I know be I have to get my milk to my little girl . nobody be go to nurse she like I . nobody be go to get it to she fast enough or take it away when she have enough .. nobody know she could not pass she air if you hold she up on you shoulder , only if she be lie on you knee .. nobody know that but I ... Paul listen , half dread where he think this story 's go . paul we be talk about a tree , sethe . sethe work faster . it be the work , take a action - any action - that allow she tell the story numbly , without the pain of relive it ... without the image attack sethe schoolteacher 's boy drag I into the barn and take my milk ... .... yet , the image come anyway . intercut : flash of memory attack as sethe tell her story ... jump CUT to : int . barn - a night remembered . - sethe be rape , beat , hold down by schoolterher' boy in a barn with a loft ... sethe ( in kitchen ) .. held I down in that barn and take it . jump CUT to : sethe scream and be smack across the face . sethe ( in kitchen ) they be like boulder on I . they hand over my mouth and on my shoulder and my leg . jump CUT to : one of the boy hold she face and mouth and head as the two other hold down she body and ravage she .... sethe ( in kitchen ) I could not move . all I could see be the loft above they head . jump CUT to : her mouth cover , she head immobile - she stare up at the loft . end of memory image . paul the loft ? int . kitchen - present day . sethe squeeze she eye to erase the image and work harder on the biscuit dough ... the flash of image stop ... sethe I tell Mrs. garner on they . she have that lump on she neck and could not speak but she eye roll out tear , I remember . they boy find out I tell on them and schoolteacher make one open up my back , and when it close it make a tree . paul they use cowhide on you ? sethe and they take my milk . paul they beat you and you be pregnant ? sethe and they take my milk ! sethe have separate the dough into biscuit which she slip into the stove . as she rise , Paul step gently behind she . he slowly caress she breast from behind , press he cheek against she back .. he rub he cheek against it , feel the scar beneath the dress . raising he finger to the hook , as sethe cry silently , he undoe she dress which slip down to she hip , expose the sculpture she back have become . paul aw Lord , girl . grateful to have she body be someone else 's responsibility for the moment , sethe close she eye as Paul touch every ridge and leaf of she tree with he mouth . the tenderness be almost unbearable . suddenly , paul' legs begin trembling . he pause and look down ... he realize it be not he leg that tremble , but rather ; the floorboard themselves be pitching , grinding , shove the house from side to side . sethe slide to the floor , struggle with she dress . on all four , Denver crawl in from the keep room as if try to keep the house together . Paul , fall , reach for a anchor , begin to shout ; paul GOD damn it ! hush up ! leave this place alone ! get the hell outta here ! a table rush at he but Paul grab it 's leg . manage to stand at a angle as the house continue to pitch , he hold the table by two leg and bashes it about , wreck everything , scream at the house ; paul you want to fight , come on ! GOD damn it ! she got enough without you ! she got enough ! the quaking slow to a occasional lurch but Paul do not stop whipping the table around until everything it be absolutely still . he lean against the wall , panting . sethe be crouch by the stove . a mix expression of relief and guilt - the expression of a mother whose disobedient child have be send away . but a child she love nonetheless . Denver look frighten . more alone than ever , now that she one companion be go . all three be breathe together as if to the same beat , like one tired person . lap dissolve : int . kitchen - later that day .. Denver walk through the break furniture and dish . at the stove , she ash over the fire and pull the pan of biscuit from the oven , ext . 124 bluestone rd . - continuous . a shirtless Paul D. be by the water pump wash himself . int . kitchen - continuous . Denver lift the fall jelly cupboard , it 's content lay in a heap in the corner of the bottom shelf . she take out a jar . she look for a plate and find half of one by the break table . she pick it up as she hear Paul enter through the front door . int . baby sugg bedroom - continuous . sethe prepare a bed for Paul . baby sugg quilt be on the bed . she hesitates whether or not to leave it there . Paul stand by the door with he shoe in he band , he shirt hang open down the front . sethe be surprised to see he there - she feel awkward . sethe why do not you ... take a rest .. I will call you when we be ready . paul sure you do not want I to help clean up ? sethe no.. you would just get in my way . Denver and I will do it . they stand in silence , look at each other for a moment . the awkwardness they both feel strike they suddenly as funny . Paul start smile . sethe cover she mouth to conceal it . and then , just as quickly , the urge to laugh subside - and the fear they feel take it 's place . Paul slowly close the door and place he shoe on the floor . sethe watch he . Paul cross to she . he move in to kiss she . they approach each other 's lip like two burn victim , try desperately not to hurt the other with they touch . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - continuous . Denver sit on the porch step , alone once again . miserably eat the biscuit and jelly off of a half break plate . int . baby sugg bedroom - minute later . sethe and Paul lay in bed , after lovemake . they be still fully clothed . the lovemake be fast and finish quickly . now , there be a awkwardness that be without humor or excitement - but sit like a chasm between they . as sethe lay there , she remembers : memory : ext . the corn field of sweet home - a day remembered . a brilliant bright yellow and green corn stalk in a tiny corn field . sethe and a slightly older halle - handsome , strong - run through the field until halle stop they at a isolate spot . halle how 's this ? sethe here ?! out in the open ?! halle look around - can you see anybody ? sethe look and can see nothing through the corn stalk . she shake she head no . halle then nothing can see we neither . he take off he shirt . seethe giggle as she get on the ground , keep she ankle cross . halle lay she back and gently separate she leg . she giggle . halle pause before lay on top of she . halle you be a beautiful sight . sethe do not talk stupid . halle you be my wife now ! I can talk as stupid as I like about you ! ( she giggle ) I be not never love nothing like you before , sethe . ( sethe be move ) and after I get mama out ... then I get we out too . and you will see , baby girl ... ( smile ) we be gonna have we a liiife .. he sing the word " life " , so that sethe laugh . then , halle lower himself slowly to she and they begin to make love . as camera pan up to a hill above the field , we hear sethe ask ; sethe ( o.s. ) you sure nobody can see ? we hear halle grunt " uh-huh " as we arrive on the hill where a great tree sit . ext . great tree on the hill - day . beneath the tree , paul D , sixo and Paul 's brother Paul A. and Paul P. be pour water over head and watch ; Pov ; unbeknownst to halle and sethe , they lovemake be in clear view to anyone on the hill ... paul a damn . I do not get why she pick he . paul D halle 's get that way about he . that way a woman feel he 's do it all for she , not for himself at all . paul a I can not see nothing so special about halle . paul F what about what he 's do for he mama ? paul a fool thing , if you ask I . by the time he busy it , freedom will not mean a thing to somebody that old and wear . sixo freedom mean something anytime it come . the man watch the corn stalk sway to the lovemake . a young paul D. , in particular , watch with tender yearn . int . kitchen at sweet home - early evening . mr. garner , the man who own and run sweet Home . he offer cook corn to the man . mr. garner raccoon must have get into my corn . damage a few so , no use throw they out ... the man look to each other , suppress a laugh . mr. garner sethe , get the butter there . everyone look at each other as they thank no. garner and begin to smear butter on they corn and eat . a neighboring farmer visit the garner 's caution he ; neighboring farmer you spoil this nigger boy . garner maybe you get boy on you farm . my nigger 's be man . not a boy among them . buy them thataway , raise them thataway . neighboring farmer beg to differ garner . ai not no nigger man . garner not if you scared . but if you a man yourself , you will want you nigger to be man too . neighboring farmer would not have no nigger man around my wife . garner neither would i.. neither would I . sethe hide a smile as she hand a piece of corn to halle . Paul a and Paul F hesitate as they think of eat the corn which the lover consummate . but sixo dig right in . Paul D eat slowly , he eye never leave sethe as she move around the kitchen , she eye never leave halle ... Paul 's attraction and love for she be apparent . end of memory ; int . sethe' bedroom - early evening . c.u. on paul , on he back , turn away from sethe . what begin as sethe 's memory , have blend into Paul 's . sethe rise off the bed , break the thick silence between they : sethe I will call you when there 's something to eat . she exit , leave Paul alone on the bed . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - the following day . we see the house now . no creak or sound of break furniture . just the sound of Paul D. sing . int . kitchen - day . Paul be sing as he fix the table he break while drive the baby ghost away . Denver be sweeping the floor - irritate by Paul 's presence and voice . they both hear the front door open as sethe arrive home from work . they look to each other to see which one will make a move for sethe first . Paul know enough to bide he time with Denver . he watch as she place the broom down and exit the kitchen . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - night . Paul and sethe sit on the porch together . sethe be sewing . Paul nervously get up he nerve to ask : paul sethe. ( she stop and look ) I be think of look for work around here . what do you think ? sethe ai not much . River mostly . and hog . paul hog be fine . Paul move to where sethe be sit . paul I do not need much , sethe . eat , sleep , sing a little when it strike I . I do not ask for more to ..to live somewhere . sethe realize what he be ask and tentatively respond : sethe all right . it 's ... it 's fine with I . paul you girl Denver . seem she 's of a different mind . sethe do not worry about she . she 's a charme child . nothing ever touch she too bad . from the beginning . everybody I know dead or go , but not she . ( pause ) you get to know something , though - this here be not no better life . it 's just not that other one . what I do here - all I ever do - be keep Denver from that other .. so if you stay , there 's no more talk about sweet Home or anything else . I will not let the past in my yard again . get I and Denver through this here life be all that matter . you understand ? paul dangerous to love anything that much , sethe . best thing be to love everything just a little bit .. that way , when it break or run off or get take , well maybe you would have a little love leave over for the next one . sethe do not be ask I to choose , Paul D . there be not no choice here . paul that 's the whole point . I be not ask you to choose . just want to know if there 's some space for I . want to know if it 's more than " you can stay " , " it 's fine " .. more like , " I want you here Paul " . beat . sethe be frighten by the prospect of feel for he . sethe maybe we should leave thing the way they be . sethe rise to enter the house when Paul 's word stop she : paul how be they ? sethe we get along . paul what about inside ? sethe I do not go inside . paul sethe , if I be here with you , with Denver , you can go anywhere you want . jump , if you want to , ' cause I will catch you . go as far inside as you need - I will hold you ankle . make sure you get back out . I be not say this because I need a place to stay . I tell you , I be a walk man , but I be head in this direction for seven year . when I get here and sit out there on the porch , wait for you , well , I know it be not the place I be head toward . it be you . we can make a life girl . a life . sethe ( scared ) I do not know . I do not know . paul leave it to I . see how it go . no promise , if you do not want to make any . just see how it go , all right ? sethe 's heart be twisted . she want to cry ... because she feel hope ... and because she feel fear . sethe all right . we will see how it go . paul you willing to leave it to I ? sethe well .. some of it . paul ( smile ) some ?... well okay ... some . sethe manage a smile . int . denver' bedroom - night . Denver lie curl up in she bed . alone . sethe enter and crawl in unexpectedly . Denver look up , surprised to see she . denver what be it ? what 's wrong ? sethe nothing . nothing 's wrong . Lay back down . Denver obey , unsure . denver you think baby ghost 's really go ? sethe do not know . denver I miss she . sethe let out a small laugh . denver I do . baby sugg tell I baby ghost would never hurt I . she be my sister . when I be little , after the boy leave , I use to think that she and I both be wait for daddy to come . and once he do , she would not be mad no more . ( se the listen sadly ) they hear Paul sing out on the porch . Denver grimace . denver wish he would shut -up ... he 's ruin everything . sethe no , he have not . he will not. ( hesitates ) he ..he want to take we to the carnival next Thursday ... Denver 's eye light up with excitement then caution . denver you mean , go out where they will be other people ? sethe dress up a little bit . wear we hat . what do you think ? denver ( downplay she excitement ) maybe .... sethe maybe ... all right ... all right . ( difficult for she to say ) can I ask you something ? ( Denver nod , she back to sethe ) I be wondrin ' .. what you think about we ... maybe ... maybe think we could start ... if we get a idea to , think we could start .. countin ' on ... ( she stop ) denver on what mama ? countin ' on what ? sethe can barely bring herself to say . to hope . to imagine . Paul ? but , for Denver , she force herself and whisper ; sethe something . ext . carnival - day . Paul and sethe and Denver walk among the hundred of black townspeople gather for the carnival . a sign read colored thursday ... two pennie entrance fee . Paul be in high spirit . say hello to anyone whose eye he catch . willing , eager to get anything for Denver she want . feeling a little more like a normal van in a normal life . Denver be excited but worried . she do not want to like Paul but can not help the thrill she 's feel . and when one or two passersby shout out ; various passer - by hey Denver !... hi there Denver ! Denver heart almost weep with joy . sethe walk cautiously . overdress for the occasion , it be she first outing among neighborhood folk in many year . she catch the eye of some of the woman she know ... ella and lady jones.. good Christian woman who nod in they acknowledgement yet be hold back something . a judgement ? a repulsion ? Paul do not notice they and for this sethe be glad . montage of scene ... the various carnival act , all perform by a white troupe ; magic , clowning , fire swallow , spitting ribbon , acrobat form pyramid ... we trio take it all in like water to the thirsty . at one point , a white carnival barker shout to the child ; carnival barker all pickaninny free !! the phrase stab sethe and Paul a bit . but Paul whisper ; paul two penny and a insult well spend in my opinion to see the spectacle of whitefolk make a spectacle of themselves . sethe can not help but let out a small laugh - and with that laugh , a sudden sensation of relief ... Paul busy Denver some licorice , peppermint and lemonade . holding the lemonade for she , Paul ask ; paul mind if I take a sip ? Denver agree . Paul take some lemonade then wipe the rim where he sipped with a small napkin and gently hand it back to she . Denver , in spite of herself , be start to like he . end montage . ext . country road - day . we trio be leave the carnival , walk three astride with distance in between each . the sunlight cast strong shadow . sethe 's eye glance towards the ground behind they and see ; there three shadow be holding hand ..... as they walk home . fade out ; fade - in . ext . a stream and the bank beside it - day . wide angle of a beautiful , wide stream ( more like a small river ) with a mulberry tree stand tall on the bank before it . there be not a soul in sight as the stream move gracefully beneath the sun . suddenly ; a fully dressed young black woman emerge from the middle of the stream like a goddess arising out of spiritual water ... she wear a straw hatt a white dress with button , a lace collar and new shoe . she walk out of the water to the bank . exhausted , sopping wet and breathe heavily as if from asthma , she sit , lean against the mulberry tree . she seem too tired to even hold she head upon she neck . yet she skin be like new lineless and smooth . glow . although rack with pain , she be smiling . smiling the way traveller smile when they have finally arrive after a long and arduous journey . ext . wood - day . the Young Black woman make she way through the wood . she pass by Denver 's boxwood BUSH secret place . then continue forward , as if with a specific direction in mind . ext . 124 bluestone road - late afternoon . sethe , Paul and Denver approach 124 . Denver be the first to see . denver look . what be that ? all three look to see ; the young black woman sit on a stump not far from the step of 124 . as the three approach , the Young woman lift she head and stare directly at sethe . the two woman exchange a moment in they eye - sethe , curious yet warm ... the Young woman , happy yet there be a hunger in she stare . int . kitchen - moment later . the Young woman seat on a chair as Denver refill a tin cup of water . the Young woman drink greedily , cup after cup . sethe you from around here ? the Young woman shake she head no . she reach down and take off she shoe , which sethe notice as new . sethe bend down to pick they up . the Young woman never let she eye leave sethe . paul that shoe look brand new . sethe what might you name be ? the Young woman speak in a low , rough voice ; beloved belove . sethe drop the shoe . Denver sit down . Paul smile ; paul belove . you use a last name , belove ? beloved last. no..just belove .. ( she spell it ) b..e..l..o..v..e..d ... as she spell it we see sethe 's reaction ; she be deeply touch . then Denver 's - who look both amaze and curiously excited . sethe hang she own hat on a peg then approach belove . sethe that 's a pretty name belove . take off you hat and I will make we something . we just get back from the carnival over near Cincinnati - but belove have fall asleep upright in the chair . paul miss ... miss , you want to lay down ? her eye open to slit . Paul be about to help she when Denver rise ; denver I will take she up . she can sleep in baby sugg room - that all right mama ? sethe course . Denver ease belove onto she foot , which sethe and Paul notice do not have a line or sore on they . paul ( whisper to sethe ) look at she foot ? they be not walk foot . more like she ride from somewhere all the way here . yet , belove can barely stand upon they as Denver escort she to the white staircase . belove start cough . paul sound like the croup . sethe be she feverish , Denver ? denver no . she 's cold . sethe then she be . fever go from hot to cold . paul could have the cholera . denver ( adamant ) she 's not sick ! Denver help she up the stair . sethe and Paul register Denver 's defensive reaction . int . baby sugg be room - same time . Denver ease belove into the bed . belove fall asleep the second she hit the pillow . Denver gently - cautiously - stroke belove 's forehead and cheek . int . baby sugg be room - night . Denver stand vigil beside belove , wrap beneath a quilt . int . baby sugg be room - the following day . Denver watch she sleep , wiping she hot forehead with cold cloth ... int . baby sugg be room - night . Denver wash out belove 's underwear and stocking ... she hear belove murmure . she move quickly to she side . denver belove ? belove I be here ... what be it ? beloved heavy .. this place be heavy . denver would you like to sit up ? belove shake she head no . she take hold of Denver 's arm and wrap it around she own body . Denver sit up against the pillow as belove snuggle she body into Denver 's arm and fall back asleep . Denver hold she , lovingly . int . baby sugg room - day later . Denver have not leave she bedside . she place another quilt upon she , tucking it in around the side . as she do this , belove 's eye open for a brief moment , catch the sight of Denver over she . she smile . Denver gratefully smile back . denver can I get you anything ? be you hungry ? belove look over to a plate of half finish food - Denver 's meal . Denver pick up a piece of sweet bread and feed she . Denver be thrilled . the following scene take place over several week ; int . kitchen - the next day . Denver place sugar between two piece of bread and give the sandwich to belove , who , no longer feel sickly , accept it with a bright smile . ext . hen house - another day . Denver explain how to pack mud in the crack of the hen house as belove listen attentively , eat jelly out of a jar . int . hen house - another day . Denver explain to belove how to warm the chick with they skirt as the latter eat something sweet . they both giggle at the softness of the chick . int . denver &amp ; beloved' bedroom - another day . Denver be show belove how to make she bed . denver .. then you fold it over like this see . this here use to be where my brother and I sleep . I be always at the top . beloved how you get so smart ? denver I be not so smart . beloved yes you be ! denver well , I use to go to Lady Jones . she would teach we with song how to spell and count . beloved you do not go no more ? denver no I ... I have to stop go . beloved you so smart . tell I about you brother . denver well .. they be name be Howard and .. as Denver continue , belove step towards she and begin to touch she face - examine she lip , she nose , she skin as if it be a rise to admire . Denver drink in the attention , she heart expand with love with every touch from this strange creature . denver ..and .... and bulgar ... at night , we use to .. crawl into bed together .. I would lay down on bul 's lap and Howard would tell we die - witch storey . he say they would protect we ... and if I learn they , they would protect I if ever they be go ... ext . porch - early evening . everyone be sit on the porch after dinner . belove , look strong and fit , eat a cane stick - gnaw at it to the flax , keep the string in she mouth long after the syrup have be suck off . it make Denver laugh , as she lick she cane stick . it make sethe smile , to see they both happy . it make Paul disgust . int . keeping room - night . Paul confront sethe as she sew . paul you gonna just feed she , from now on ? sethe Denver like she . she 's no real trouble . paul but do not she have a home ? some place to go ? sethe do not mention one . I think we would wait until she breathe get better . she still sound a little lumbar . paul she breathe like she can eat , she could blow this whole house down . and all that sweet . sethe sometimes the body need that sugar for strength when it 's try to recover after a illness . paul but that 's just it . she do not seem sick . something funny about she . sethe funny ? how ? paul act sick , sound sick but she do not look sick . good skin , bright hand and strong as a bull . sethe she can hardly walk without hold onto something . paul that 's what I mean . can not walk but I pass by baby sugg 's room this morning and see she lift the rocker with one hand . sethe you do not ? paul do not tell I . ask Denver . she be right there . at that moment , Denver pass by on she way to the kitchen . sethe Denver . come in here a minute . Denver enter the keep room . sethe Paul say you see belove pick up the rock chair in baby sugg room with one hand . that so ? Denver look at Paul with a hard gaze ; denver I do not see no such thing . from Paul 's expression we can tell Denver be lie ... and whatever fragile connection they be building , be swiftly destroy . int . sethe' bedroom - night . sethe be get ready for bed . Denver stick she head in : denver have you see she ? I can not find she . sethe who ? denver belove . sethe shake she head . Denver exit anxiously . the mention of belove 's name stir a memory in sethe : memory : ext . gravestone yard - a day remembered . sethe talk to the headstone engraver as he work in the hot sun . his young son help he . sethe she need a marker . somethin ' to tell I where she be . but I be not get no money . the engraver eye she body . engraver what you get then ? sethe be embarrassed by he lascivious tone , especially in front of the young boy . the engraver rise , take a step toward sethe and touch she hip , curling he hand around to she back . engraver what you want it to say ? sethe I be think what the preacher say at the funeral . dearly belove . engraver ( touch she ) for ten minute I give you one word for free . his hand glide down to she buttock . sethe can not help but see the Young Boy watch the scene . end of memory . int . sethe' bedroom - night . as the memory start to fade form she mind , sethe suddenly feel someone else 's presence . she look up to find : belove stand by the door - watch she . sethe oh !... I do not know you be there . beloved can I help ? sethe help what , honey ? belove kneel before she on the floor and finish buttone up sethe 's night dress . beloved where you go in the morning ? sethe work . I work in a restaurant . beloved what time you go ? sethe Little after the sun come up . I like to make a loaf of bread before I go . how you feelin ' ? belove nod , absorb the information . sethe you remember you mother at all ? beloved ( scratch back of she head ) I remember a woman who be mine and I remember bein snatch away from she . sethe , nod , understanding such thing . she cautiously reach out to stroke belove 's face . belove respond like a puppy , press she cheek against sethe 's hand . sethe be move . int . kitchen - pre dawn . sethe enter the kitchen to make bread before she leave for work . she find belove wait for she , place out she cooking thing on the table . belove look up and smile . beloved I be helpin make you bread . ext . 124 bluestone - early evening . belove wait anxiously at the window for the sight of sethe come home from work .... when she see she , she run through the house , out the door to meet she . Denver appear at the door , upset by belove 's loss of attention in she . ext . porch - evening . c.u . - sethe , as she lean she tired head against the porch , sit on the step . she close she eye and be about to drift off , when ; beloved' hand gently touch she shoulder , settling there . sethe look up and smile , patting she hand . belove stand above she as Denver take a seat on the step . belove search sethe 's eye and ask ; beloved where you diamond ? the question surprise sethe ... and startles Denver . sethe diamond ? what would I be do with diamond ? beloved on you ear . sethe wish I do . ( beat ) hmm .. come to think of it , I have some crystal once . a present from Mrs. garner - woman I work for at sweet Home . denver I never see you with no earring . sethe go . Long go . beloved tell I ... tell I about you diamond ... sethe hesitates . belove kneel at she foot . denver ( to belove ) ma'am do not talk about sweet Home . beloved ( ignore she ) tell I ... tell I about you diamond . Denver await she mother 's reaction with great interest . sethe look at belove sweet , innocent expression and something in she resistance , ease : sethe well .. this lady I work for in kentucky give they to I when I get marry .. Denver be both interested and slightly hurt at she mother 's willingness to tell belove what she would never tell she : sethe .. what they call marry back then . I remember go up to she in the kitchen to tell she . I would help she make ink for Mr. garner in the kitchen . I be fool enough to think I be go have some kind of ceremony ... maybe even a new dress .. ( continue as we CUT to ; ) sethe 's continue tell belove , a attentive audience ... Denver , more attune to belove 's interest than the story , be disturb at she mother 's tell of it . int . kitchen - another evening . camera move up from the mend leg of the table Paul break to ; a suspicious Paul glare at belove as they eat dinner . belove be ever ready to pass sethe a bowl or napkin or whatever she need . she be " shine " - for sethe , and for sethe alone . Denver notice it as well . it be raining outside . both Denver and belove be wet from the rain . Denver 's hair be all tangle . sethe best unbraid that hair . denver tomorrow . sethe today 's always here . tomorrow never . denver it hurt . sethe comb it everyday , it will not .. beloved you woman never fix up you hair ? all three look to belove , puzzle by she question , which be clearly intend for sethe . Paul 's get more annoyed . paul what ? sethe my woman ?.. you mean my mother ? belove nod . Paul and Denver exchange a curious look . sethe if she do I do not remember . I do not think I see she but a few time . beloved tell I ' bout she . Paul and Denver look to sethe , wait to see if she will answer . sethe .. I remember once , she pick I up and carry I behind the smokehouse ... the only thing I do remember in fact ... Paul be disturb by sethe 's carefree storytelling - how it contradict she word to he that first day and worried it will lead to no good ... once again , Denver be surprised to hear what she 's never hear before . she look to Paul and know what he be think . Paul look back and know Denver realize it . but Denver return he glance with a defensive dismissal of the eye . sethe ... she open up she dress and right on she rib , right here , be a circle and a cross burnt right into the skin .... paul ( interrupt she ) sethe . sethe what ? Paul do not want she to continue but do not want to say so . paul any more bean ? sethe rise to get he more food and she continue : sethe ... anyway , she point to this mark and say to I " this be you mar 'am . I be the only one whose get this mark now . the rest all dead . if something happen to I and you can not tell I by my face , you can know I by this mark " .. scare I so ... I could not think of anything to say so I say " yes ma'am .. but how will you know we ? Mark I too . Mark the mark on I too . " denver do she ? sethe no . she slap my face . I do not understand it then . not until I have a mark of my own ... Paul be disturb . he can see sethe get upset . he be mad at belove for she damn question .. beloved what happen to she ? something inside of sethe stop , a wall erect . something unwanted be come into she consciousness . Paul notice it . she rise ; sethe do not know . everybody do ? sethe collect a few dish and cross to the sink as Paul ask : paul well , as long as we be all ask question , get to know each other .. ( to belove ) why do not you tell we a little bit about yourself ? camera follow sethe as she arrive at the sink , place the dish inside . we hear the other o.s. : denver ( o.s. ) ( defensively ) she do not remember nothing . paul ( o.s. ) you be surprised what you start remember once you start talk . beloved ( o.s. ) can I have some more pudding ? camera stay on sethe as we drow out the voice at the kitchen table . she be stare out the window above the sink as if watch the memory be relived in her yard ; Pov - out the window ; memory : ext . a large tree in a field - a day remembered . a crowd of people surround a tree . several white men be prepare to hang a group of black man and woman stand in line , await they turn . among the crowd be a child ( sethe ) hold the hand of a older black slave woman ( nan ) . nan be point to a woman ( sethe' mother ) , who be one of the people wait in line to be hang . nan whisper to sethe : nan that 's you mama - right there . Little sethe look up and see she mother - she face a mask of courage and rage and tear . she look straight ahead - not at anyone in particular , especially not she daughter . nan .. I be tell you , small girl sethe ... I and you mama be take by the man many time .. she throw they other baby away .. the other from the white , without name , she throw they away .. but you she give the name of the black man . she have she arm around he , child . the other , she do not put she arm around . never ... never ... the child sethe listen , watch she mother move further down the line . end of memory as we CUT back to : int . kitchen - sethe , the memory pass , hear the voice in she kitchen : paul ( o.s. ) ai not you get no brother or sister ? beloved ( o.s. ) I do not have nobody . she find Paul interrogate belove who eat a second pudding . Denver try to interfere . denver she have we now ! paul you be here five week , we still do not know nothing bout you .. sethe Paul , stop it . Denver bring that dish . paul what be you look for when you come here ? beloved this place . I be look for this place I could be in . paul somebody tell you about this place ? at the sink , both sethe and Denver pause , obviously interested . beloved she tell I . when I be at the bridge , she tell I . Paul look quizzically at sethe , who shrug ; sethe must be somebody from the old day . paul how would you come ? who bring you ? beloved I walk here . a long , long , long , long way . nobody bring I . paul you have new shoe . if you walk so long why do not you shoe show it ? sethe Paul D. stop pick on she . paul I want to know ! where would you get they shoe and that dress you have on ? beloved I take the shoe ! ( cough ) I take the dress ! ( cough ) the shoe string do not fit ! I ... suddenly , she begin to choke on a raisin from the pudding and fall backward , off the chair . Denver and sethe rush towards she . belove thrashes around until they help she turn over and spit up the raisin . she breathes in sethe 's arm as Denver wipe up the mess , glaring at Paul . sethe you all right ? beloved ( whisper ) I want to go to sleep now . denver come to my room . I can watch out for you up there . sethe get belove to she foot . Denver take she up the staircase to she room - glaring at Paul . when the girl have go , sethe turn on Paul as she clean up . sethe what 's the matter with you ? paul I do not understand what the hold be . it 's clear why she hold onto you , but I just can not see why you hold on to she . sethe what you care who 's hold on to who ? feed she be no trouble . and she 's nice company for Denver . paul we be just start to feel a little like a family ourselves . sethe be that what 's get you tooth on edge ? paul I can not place it . it 's a feel in I . sethe you wanna feel something !? ... feel how it be to have a bed to sleep in and somebody there not worry you to death about what you get to do each day to deserve it . and if that do not get it , feel how it feel to be a color woman roam the road with anything God make liable to jump on you . feel that ! paul I know every bit of that , sethe . I be not bear yesterday and I never mistreate a woman in my life ! sethe well , that make one of you in this world . paul ( surprised ) one ? not two . sethe no . not two ! paul what halle ever do to you ? halle stand by you . he never leave you . sethe ha , what would he leave then if not I , huh ? paul I do not know but it be not you . that 's a fact . sethe then he do worse - he leave he child . paul you do not know that . sethe he wasn't there ! he be not where he say he would be ! I have to pack my baby off ahead of I , on they own , so I could stay behind to look for he ... Underground agent say by Sunday we have to leave .. Sunday come and he be not there . paul he could not get out of the loft , I expect . forgetting himself , Paul let that slip out . sethe loft ? what loft ? paul ( hesitates ) the one over you head ... the one in the barn . sethe stop dead cold . it 's no use ... the memory take over : int . barn - the past . violent , rapid image of sethe be rape and beat hold down by schoolterher' boy . sethe , pin down , stare up at the loft ... camera rise up ... there , in the loft , hide halle ... the expression on he face be that of a man break in two ... end of memory . int . kitchen - night . sethe wrap she arm tightly around herself and ask ; sethe he see ? he tell you he see ? paul you tell I . the day I come here . you say they steal you milk . I never know what mess halle up . that be it , I guess . I see he the day after you leave . say where you be halle ? all he say to I be " the loft " . I ask he what he mean not go with you but he never answer I . but I know be something break he . not one of they year of Saturday , Sunday and nighttime extra never touch he . but whatever he see go on in the barn that day break he like a twig . sethe he see they boy do that to I and let they keep on breathe ? paul a man be not a goddamn ax , sethe . chop , hack , busting every goddamn minute of the day . thing get to he . thing he can not chop down cause they inside he . the last time I see he , I know he be break for good ... sethe what do he say ? paul nothing . sethe what do you say ? do not you say anything to he ? paul I could not . sethe could not ?! why the hell not ?! c.u. on paul who do not want to explain - or even remember - as we cut to : memory : ext . sweet home - day . paul have a bit in he mouth chained to a wagon . he be be lead away from sweet Home with other black man , by Three white Men . the bit jerk he head back , saliva spill uncontrollably out of he mouth . his hand be chain behind he . his foot chain together at the ankle .... another chain be connect to a iron belt and stretch to a wagon . he be be lead away with forty five other prisoner ... paul ( vo ) I try to kill brandywine - man schoolteacher sell I to . do not know what possess I ... I and about 45 other prisoner be be walk from kentucky to Virginia ... then on to Georgia . two place I do not ever want to see again . he be lead past the milk shed , when he see : halle , alone with a craze faraway look in he eye , sit by the butter churn . halle' face be cover with butter and clabber . he stick he hand in the churn and continue to cover he face with the sticky , slippery , white substance cover he face and head , squeezing it through he hand . the White Men laugh . Paul be aching to scream out to he but the iron bit hold down he tongue . as Paul be lead past halle , a rooster name mister be sitting on a tub in the sun shriek with a almost arrogant glee . white man look at mister there ... ( refer to the rooster ) you go tell this nigger where to go there mister ! crow them right outta here ! mister crow and the white man laugh . tear of rage and humiliation stream down Paul 's face . he struggle to keep a view of halle , until he be out of sight . end of memory . ext . porch . - early evening . Paul approach sethe , touch she gently . paul I do not mean to tell you that . sethe I do not plan on hearing it . paul I can not take it back but I can leave it alone . sethe , instead of collapse from the information , she seem harden . paul let 's do that .. let 's leave it alone now . sethe ( more to herself ) let it alone . just sit down and leave it be ! yeah that would be nice . would be even nicer to lose it altogether - if I have my choice . halle do . other people 's brain stop , go crazy . how sweet that would have be . I and halle squatting by that churn , smash cold lumpy butter in we face , not a care in the world .. paul sethe , do not do this .. sethe what a relief to just stop it all right there , huh ?!! Close it shut ! squeeze that butter ... but I have three child on they way to Ohio and nothing would have change that ! and you tell I he do not leave I !! sethe exit o.s. Paul be leave alone on the porch until belove run out of the house giggle with Denver in pursuit . as Denver pass , Paul sarcastically remark ; paul guess she 's feel better , huh ? Denver give he a quick , disdainful look , then continue after belove . the two girl run towards the wood . ext . boxwood BUSH room - night . belove be dance beneath a bright moon . Denver be a attentive , grateful audience . denver where would you learn to dance ? beloved nowhere . look at I do this ! she put she fist on she hip and skip . beloved now you ! come on ! come on ! she take Denver 's hand and place another on she shoulder . as they dance , Denver laugh harder and harder - a giddiness from the dizziness and the gratitude she feel for belove 's attention . they spin and fall to the ground , like two lover nestle . belove catch she breath as Denver ask ; denver why you call yourself belove ? beloved in the dark my name be belove . denver what 's it like where you be before ? beloved ( a thoughtful expression ) Dark . I be small in that place . I be like this here . denver be you cold ? beloved hot. nothing to breathe there . no room to move . denver how do you get here ? beloved I wait ; then I get on the bridge . I stay there in the dark , in the daytime , in the dark in the daytime . Long time . denver all this time you be on the bridge ? beloved no. after . when I get out . denver why would you come here ? beloved to see she face . denver ma'am 's ? sethe 's ? beloved yes. sethe. and with that , Denver take a breath of courage to ask the question she 's be long to ask : denver you my sister , be not you ? you really be . belove look at she and smile . they be so close she lean in curiously and - touch Denver 's face - kiss she on the lip . denver you will not leave we , will you ? beloved no. never . this be where I be . denver I know it . I know . first time I see you and you say you name . and when you touch I - real gentle . and familiar . like I would feel that touch before . smiling , belove move to touch Denver 's cheek when suddenly , Denver sit up cross legge and urge belove ; denver do not tell mama . you mus not tell she who you really be . I do not know what she would do ! please , you hear ? suddenly , belove 's face turn to rage as she rise up as well ; beloved do not tell I what to do ? do not never tell I what to do !? denver but .. but I be on you side . I want to protect you ... beloved ( stand above Denver ) she 's the one ! she 's the one I need ! you can go but she 's the one I have to have ! belove abruptly drop to she knee and crawl out the boxwood bush room as Denver 's plead ; denver no. belove please ! do not go ! I do not do nothing ! we be dance ! do not go !.... int . denver be &amp ; beloved be room - dawn the following day . the room be still dark from the night but the sun be rise outside . suddenly , belove awaken with a start . she sense something . she rise and look out the window to see ; Pov ; sethe walking across the field . belove quickly grab she clothes and exit to follow she , as Denver awaken just in time to see she go . ext . wood early morning . sethe be dress as if for church as she make she way through the wood with a specific destination in mind . soon , she come upon ; ext . a clearing in the wood - early morning . sethe step out of the wood and into a open clear . a large rock sit in the clear like a pulpit above the pew 's of grass and weed . sethe remember the place as it be ... she hear the voice of a crowd ... a gather of people though the clear remain empty . she cross to the rock and sit . camera move up to reveal - memory : baby sugg , vital and strong , stand on the rock , preaching : baby sugg I be not here to tell you all to clean up you life and sin no more .... I be not here to tell you we be the bless meek and be glorybound !... I be here to tell you that the only grace we can have , be the grace we can imagine ... and if you can not see it , then you shall not have it ... end of memory . c.u. on sethe as she remember baby sugg word , sit alone in the clear - the image of the past go . ext . wood - same time . belove have find she and watch from a hide place ... camera move beyond she to find ; Denver , have follow belove , watch she from a distance . ext . a clearing in the wood - early morning . sethe remember baby sugg advice : baby sugg ( v.o. ) .. God lead you home ... so now , lay them down , child . sword and shield .. do not study war no more . Lay all that mess down . sword and shield ... sethe lay'em down ... sword and shield . sethe weep ... she slide to the ground and hold she head to weep . she cover she head from God and cry as she lets the memories come .. memory she can no longer fight from come ; CUT to : sethe' memories ; ext . sweet home - a night remembered . sethe be in the same bent over position only here , she back be expose and she be be beat by the schoolteacher 's boy . the boy beat sethe never stop with the whip for a second as he rant ; boy beat sethe nigger trash .. open you mouth ... second boy you gonna kill her ! you better stop ! boy beat sethe i'll kill her all right ... never OPEN her mouth ' bout I agin .... they beat she mercilessly . ext . field - night . sethe , tear stain , bloody and very pregnant fight she way through a corn field as she make she escape .. her dress hang tear at the back - she wound open and bleed . her foot already swollen and blister . she be in agonizing pain . she move like a figure in a nightmare . CUT to : a series of image in which we see sethe struggling through day and night of walking and hiding , in various location as she make her way across the state . the final image be : ext . onion field - day . sethe fall to the ground unable to move - she contraction have start and the pain be unbearable . her breast be leak on she sweat stain body . her leg be scratch and bleed from move through break twig and rock . on she back , the tree be start to form . she lay there wait for death . until a voice asks : amy ( os ) who that back there ! sethe can not answer as she hear two feet move through the field . she clutches she pregnant stomach as if somehow she might hide it from whoever might be come to harm she . a raggedly looking white girl with arm like cane stalk and enough hair for five head step through into view . amy look there . a nigger . if that do not beat all ... sethe can not speak for fear . amy man , you ' bout the scariest look something I ever see . what you do back up here ? sethe manage to control she breath and push out the word ; sethe running . Amy look at sethe 's swollen , bloody flesh at the end of she leg . amy they the foot you run on ? my Jesus my ... sethe ( semi-delerious ) be I in Ohio ? amy Ohio ! fool girl - you in kentucky . you ' bout a thousand mile from Ohio . sethe ( murmur to herself ) I be still in kentucky . amy you get anything on you , gal , pass for food ? sethe no , mar 'am . amy I like to die I be so hungry . think there might be huckleberry . that 's why I come up here . you have a baby ? sethe I expect this baby mar 'am be gonna die in this wild onion . Amy do not know what to do with that information . so .. amy well , I get to eat something . any stand and look as if she 's about to leave when sethe , feel the girl be safe , stop she with a question . sethe where you on you way to , miss ? amy ( eager to tell ) Boston . get I some velvet . it 's a store call Wilson . I see picture and they have the prettiest velvet . sethe Boston - be that far ? amy farther than Ohio . sethe must be velvet closer by . amy not like in Boston . be so pretty on I . you ever touch velvet ? or even see it ? sethe if I do , I do not know it . what 's it like ? sethe desperately want she to stay - to not be alone . Amy kneel back down to she , curious now ; amy what they call you ? sethe ( lie ) lu. amy what you gonna do , just lay there and foal ? sethe I can not get up . amy what ? sethe I can not get up . Amy wipe she nose and look up beyond sethe . amy there 's a house back yonder . well , not a house with people in it - more like a lean - to near the river . sethe how far ? amy make a difference , do it ? you stay here , snake might get you . sethe well , he may come but I can not stand up , let alone walk ... and God help I , I can not crawl . amy sure you can lu..come on .. Amy help sethe turn over onto all four . ext . onion field - day ... minute later . Amy walk beside sethe as the latter painfully crawl , take moment to stop and let the pain go through she . amy come on lu ! you get to move faster than that . you will not get to Ohio till you ninety year old , you keep move that way . int . lean - to - early evening . Amy make a pile of leave for sethe to lay on and some rock for she to put up she foot . she talk non-stop as she work . amy never know it to look at I but I use to be a good size . Nice arm , everything . that be before they put I in the root cellar ... she ease sethe onto the leave then lift she foot onto the rock . amy ... mama work for this people here to pay for she passage but then she have I and die right after so I have to work for them .. I be fishing off the beaver once and a nigger float right by I . I do not like drown people , do you ? you foot remind I of he . all swole like . Amy prop sethe up from behind when she notice amy you all bloody back here . gal you a mess . undo you dress - let I see . sethe make a tremendous effort just to turn to she side as Amy undoe she dress ; amy Lord , I be not never see a poorer excuse for a- Amy see sethe 's back and , for a moment , be speechless . then : amy Jesus ... it 's a tree lu.. a chokecherry tree . I have I some whipping but I do not remember nothing like this . glad I be not you .. what God have in mind I wonder . ... you thank you Maker I come along . spiderweb all I can do for you . what 's in here be not enough . I will look outside ... maybe I ought to break they blossom open and let the pus run.. ( rise ) ( smile ) that you be not dead yet lu 's a miracle . make you a bet .. you make it through the night , you make it all the way ... int . lean - to - night . to sethe 's amazement , Amy begin to massage she foot and leg the pain of which cause sethe to cry . amy it 's gonna hurt now .. anything dead come back to life hurt . stop wiggling , girl . ( sing ) " when the busy day be do and my weary little one rocketh to and fro ; when the night wind softly blow and cricket chirp again ; where 'pon the haunted GREEN fairy dance around there queen then from yonder misty skie cometh lady button eye ... " ( talk ) do not up and die on I in the night , you hear I lu ? I do not want to see you ugly face hanker over I . if you do die , just go on off somewhere where I can not see you , hear ? sethe I will do what I can , miss . Amy continue sing ..... ext . path leading to river - day . sethe be try to walk , hold on to Amy at first , then a tree . amy Cause of I , you up and walk . see , Jesus - lu make it through .. I be good at sick thing , be not I ? sethe yeah , you good ... amy what 's that all over you dress ? sethe milk .. get to get my milk to my baby girl . amy you get another baby wait for you ? sethe ( stop and touch belly ) I think this one be dead . Amy do not know what to say , so she say : amy you hungry ? sethe keep try to walk ; sethe I be not nothing but in a hurry , miss . get to meet someone ... help bring I and my milk to my baby girl ... amy you want shoe ? sethe say what ? amy I figure how ... CUT to : Amy cut two piece form sethe shawl then fill they with leave and tie they over she foot - CUT to : ext . riverbank - day . sethe and Amy walk towards the river when then see : a SMALL , abandoned rowboat with oar . amy Jesus look at you , girl ! sethe can not believe she eye . she walk right into the water when suddenly , she own water break and she labor begin ... she double up in pain ; amy what you do that for !? ai not you get a brain in you head ? stop that right now ! I say stop it , lu . you the dumbest thing on this here earth , lu !.. lu ! sethe , on she knee , crawl into the boat and prop she foot up . Water leak in wherever it can , rise up as high as she waist . Amy take she position to assist . amy oh Jesus , I be awful sorry ' bout the braggin ... I need you here now .. come on Jesus ... do not be get lose on I now . sethe scream in agony as the child push through . Amy curse ; amy damn daddy never around ' cept for the fun part . biggest joke God make on woman be give man the planter ' stead of the soil ...!! push ! sethe ( gasp ) pull !! Amy 's strong hand pull Denver 's head out and up , to meet sethe 's eye . sethe cannot believe this creature make it through .. Amy rinse it with water then , wrapping it in she skirt , hold it up to sethe .. amy my Lord ... she 's never gonna know who I be . you gonna tell she ? who bring she into this world . you better tell she , you hear ! you say miss amy denver . of Boston . sethe that 's pretty . Denver . Real pretty . ext . bank of the ohio river - day . sethe awaken , mud-cake , on the bank of the river . her baby girl cry beside she . Amy be go . she rise , painfully , pick up she child and continue on she way . CUT to : montage - more day and night of sethe , now without amy - a new baby strapped to her body - making her away along the ohio river ... through hot sunny day and rainy night without protection ... searching for food and shelter ... final image be : ext . river bank - oak tree - night . a thunderstorm crack across the sky and flood the river . sethe be sit beneath the oak - the rain soaking she as she breast feed she baby . she cry out loud - but she sob and tear be lose in the rain and thunder . ext . riverbank - later that day . sethe walk downriver with Denver tie to she chest . she stop when she see : a flatbed glide down river . she can not make out if they be white people or not , so she hide behind a tree until it pass ; wait behind the tree , we see that sethe be sweat a fever . but Denver seem to be do fine . she see the flatbe pass she and continue on she way . she see ; three colored people - a older man and two boy - fishing . she approach cautiously . one of the boy be the first to see she . sethe 's bloody and tear clothes and she feverish face make she quite a sight to the young boy . he tap the Old man on the shoulder and motion for he to turn around . the Old man take in sethe and instantly know where she 's be and why she 's there . stamp pay headin cross ? sethe yes sir . stamp pay anybody know you come ? sethe yes sir . my mother - in- law over in ... stamp paid raise he hand to stop she . he look around to see that no one else be in sight , then motion for she to sit on a rock . as she do , he get a water jug and hand it to she - she drink like a madman in the desert . the boy watch in fascination . stamp paid turn to one of they and say : stamp pay take off that coat ? boy why ? stamp pay you hear I ? the Boy slip out of he jacket , complain . boy what be I gonna wear ? stamp pay you want it back ... he unty the baby from sethe and wrap it in the coat . stamp pay .. then you go head and take it off this baby . and if you can do that , then go ' way somewhere and do not come back . ext . river - day . on a flatbe , stamp paid cross the river with sethe , she baby and the two boy . ext . opposite river bank - day . stamp paid help sethe walk up a very steep bank while the Boy without a jacket , carry the baby who wear it . int . brush - cover hutch - day . stamp paid lead sethe and the other into the hutch . stamp pay wait here . somebody be here directly . do not move . they will find you . sethe thank you . what 's you name - so I can remember you right . stamp pay name 's stamp . stamp paid . watch out for that baby , you hear ? she nod as he and the boy exit . lap dissolve : later - same location : sethe be asleep with the baby when ella enter the hutch ; ellla saw the sign a while ago but I could not get here no quick . sethe what sign ? ella stamp always leave the old sty open when there 's a crossing . knot a white rag on the post if it 's a child too . ( kneel ) my name 's ella .. where you head ? ella empty a sack with a wool blanket , cotton cloth , two baked sweet potato and a pair of man 's shoe . sethe my mother - in-law 's . name 's baby sugg . she get my other three child I send ahead . ella when be this one bear ? sethe yesterday . I hope she make it . ella hard to say . ( give she man 's shoe ) let 's try to get this on you foot . ext . 124 bluestone road - night . baby sugg rise off the bench on the porch when she see sethe come up the walk . she run to she and embrace sethe and the baby , tear in she eye . baby sugg oh my Lord ... my sweet Lord thank you . baby sugg welcome sethe into the house , kissing she hard on the lip .... sethe can not believe she 's in she arm . baby sugg where 's halle ? sethe look at she with confusion and exhaustion . sethe he be not there . a flash of fear be quickly transformed into pragmatism . baby sugg well , he be along presently , I be sure . sethe where be the child ? baby sugg not now . you too ugly look to wake them up in the night . first we get you well .. int . keeping room - night . baby sugg bathes sethe - first she face , she body ... hand , arm , leg ... when she get to she unrecognizable foot , she touch they . baby sugg you feel this ? sethe feel what ? baby sugg nothing .. baby sugg notice rose of blood on sethe 's back ... she look and cover she mouth when she see the remnant of the whipping . baby sugg girl ... int . keeping room - later that day . baby sugg with two other grow woman attend to sethe 's back - grease it and pin double thickness of cloth to the inside of a newly stitched dress ... int . keeping room - still later that day . sethe , sit in bed with she new dress and she wound dress wait for she child . baby sugg open the door and the boy be ushere in . sethe welcome they to she arm ... they run to she , jump on the bed . the startle cause some pain but sethe do not care . the Little girl ( belove ) be crawl and ushere toward she mama . baby sugg already crawl - be not that something ? .. come on , baby girl .. right this way .. mama 's wait .. sethe pick she up and the tear flow . she can not stop kissing they - they neck , they head , they hand ... the boy inspect she strange look foot and ask ; howard pappie come ? sethe soon . baby sugg seem doubtful but appreciate the lie for the child . baby sugg all right boy - mama 's home now , you be see she all the time .. go downstairs and get you supper ... go on ... sethe hug and kiss they as if for the last time - as if she still do not believe she can just get out of bed , walk downstairs and be with they . the boy leave as sethe cradle the Little girl . sethe anxiously undoe she dress and carefully guide she breast to the Little girl . she wince with pain and smile - she get she milk to she baby girl . baby sugg gather the rag sethe wear when she first arrive . baby sugg nothing worth save here . sethe oh wait .. look and see if there 's something knotted up in the petticoat . wedding present . from Mrs. garner . baby sugg find two crystal earring . baby sugg be nice if there be a groom to go with it . what do you think happen to he ? sethe I do not know . he be not where he say to meet he at . I have to get out . I have to . he will make it . if I make it , halle sure can . baby sugg ( skeptical ) well put this on - maybe they will light he way . as sethe take the earring , the Little baby girl reach for they . through she eye , we see they sparkle and shine - like diamond . baby sugg hand gently massage sethe 's neck as she say ; baby sugg whatever happen now ... God lead you home . so now lay them down sethe ... sword and shield .. do not study war no more . Lay all that mess down . sword and shield ... sethe surrender herself to baby sugg firm , safe hand - let go of the " diamond " , one of which land in the hand of the Little girl ... who play with they in fascination ... end of memory . CUT back to : present day ; ext . a clearing in the wood - day sethe be remember this last image , she ease she own hand up to she neck - rub herself the way baby sugg do . she realize how much she miss she ... and wonder who can touch she now and help she " lay it all down " . and then , quite suddenly ; a image flash across her mind ; - paul gently easing he hand around sethe from behind ... tenderly kissing sethe' back Paul ... there be Paul . sethe realize , as image flash across her mind be eye : - paul sitting on the porch the first day he arrive . - paul battling the baby ghost . - paul singing as he fix the kitchen table . - sethe wrapped in paul be big arm as they lay in bed . sethe rise from the ground , as if with a new realization . she begin to walk out of the clear and into the wood , she pace increase with each image .... ext . wood - day . sethe walk through the wood , pass belove unawares - who have fall asleep by a tree . belove be awaken as sethe walk by , and get to she foot to follow . further on , sethe pass a sleep Denver , who also awaken upon hearing the footstep of she mother , follow by belove . sethe walk on , unaware of they follow she . ext . field of 124 bluestone - day . Wide angle of sethe walk well ahead of belove and Denver . sethe be walk with great purpose and energy . int . 124 bluestone road - day . sethe enter and run through the house to the kitchen ; sethe Paul ? Paul , you home ?... Paul sit in a tub under the white staircase . he smile . sethe be relieved ... grateful to find he there , for she . paul where else would I be on a Sunday off ? sethe smile , almost in tear . paul why do not you come on in here ? sethe Paul D . what if the girl come in ? paul I do not hear nobody . sethe I have to cook . Paul D. stand up in the tub and hold sethe against he wet , naked body . paul what you gonna cook ? sethe ( loving he body and he attention ) I think I would make some snap bean . paul oh yeah . sethe fry up a little corn ? paul yeah . he kiss she - and that 's exactly what she want . sethe oh Paul ... paul I be right here baby . sethe thank you Lord . camera slowly move out of the kitchen as sethe and Paul begin to make love , revealing ; belove watch from the doorway , unknown to sethe or Paul . she be disgust , envious ... and run out .. ext . 124 bluestone road - day . belove run out of the house and head back for the wood . she pass Denver as if she be not there . ext . stream in the wood - day . belove reach the stream and step in . she begin to violently hit the water around she , then begin hit she own face and head , claw at it as if to escape from the boundary of flesh . suddenly she submerges herself underwater and hold herself there , as if to drow herself ... she burst out of the water , gasp for air ... slowly , she rage subside , replace with a calm , ruthless understanding ext . the field of 124 bluestone rd .- day . belove be walk back toward the house . she stop . she look back at the house to the kitchen window - know Paul and sethe be in there . she approach the kitchen window and look in . Pov - sethe be drying off Paul 's body and rebuttone she dress . camera move slowly into a c.u. of belove , this time she focus be on Paul . int . 124 bluestone road - evening . the inhabitant eat dinner in silence . Denver await a look from belove . as belove pass she a bowl of peas with a smile , Denver be satisfied . belove then turn to Paul , offer he the bowl . beloved you have brother or sister ? caught off guard , Paul look to sethe - whose expression ask he to be nice . paul we do not talk about that . beat . beloved sethe tell we you be walk for eighteen year . where you be all that time ? Paul be about to get mad when he look to sethe again , reel it back in and answer curtly , but politely ; paul lot of place . I do not remember they all . do not remember much about anything . beloved you be surprised what you start remember once you start talk . hear he own word echoed back to he , annoys he . paul well not I . what 's go be go . no good come from bring it back . pause . Paul focus on he dinner , suddenly ill at ease . he can not help look , covertly , at belove and find belove stare right back at he ... it make he shiver . int . sethe' bedroom - night . sethe be asleep . Paul be restless - toss and turn as we intercut ; dream image flash across he mind ... - rain pouring down a trench . a muddy pool forming around a black man' feet . - iron chain fed into metal ankle cuff . - paul D. on he knee before a white guard crotch . white guard ( os ) you hungry nigger ? Paul awaken . int . kitchen - dawn . sethe enter to find Paul asleep in the rocker by the stove . she stir he . sethe Paul ?.. Paul ? paul ( waking up ) mmmm . what ?... sethe I call you two or three time but I give up round midnight . I think maybe you go out somewhere . paul damn . I be sorry honey ... sethe I will make some breakfast - you get yourself wash up . sethe begin to make breakfast as belove enter the kitchen and see Paul have sleep in the rocker . she look at he with a smile , as if she know more than she 's let on . Paul register the look . int . kitchen - night . Paul be asleep in the rocker ... he be restless ... he dream : ext . a road in virginia - day . Paul be chain by the ankle to forty - five other man . he hand be shackle . in he mouth , a iron bit ... the man be be lead by white guard with rifle . camera follow they under a burn sun as they approach ; a trench . one thousand foot long . five foot deep . five foot wide . camera tilt down to reveal , within the trench ; wooden box , with scrap limber roof and a door of bar fitte on they like a cage that open up to a wall of red dirt stretch two foot above the top of the bar themselves . int . kitchen - night . Paul awaken ... he face and body drench in sweat . ext . field between 124 and the storeroom - night . Paul D. walk across the field with a thin blanket over he nightclothes - walk toward the storeroom . in the window of she bedroom , sethe watch he - sense he be move further and further away from she . in the window of Denver 's room , belove watch Paul as well - with a pleased expression . CUT to : paul' memories ; ext . a field in georgia - day . a rifle shot . a white guard shout ; white guard Hiiiiiii ! ext . trench - day . Three white Men walk along the trench unlock the cage door one by one ... one by one , the Black man emerge and stand in a line in the trench . when all be assemble , a second rifle shot signal they to climb out of the trench to the ground above . wait for they above the trench , be one thousand foot of chain . each Black man bend over and wait as the first man on line thread the chain through he leg iron , pass it to the second and so on ... as they connect each other to the chain , camera pan down the line of man and while not a word be speak , we hear there thought ... thought to themselves , or , if possible , through they eye to the man beside they : black man one ( vo ) I be a make it .. black man two ( vo ) New man . New man ... black man three ( vo ) steady now , steady . black man four ( vo ) help I ... this mornin 's bad . dissolve to : the black men be chained and kneeling in a straight line . the White Guards walk pass they . one White Guard stop in front of the man beside Paul D . he turn to he . white guard Breakfast ? want some breakfast nigger ? black man one yes sir . white guard hungry nigger ? black man one yes sir . white guard here you go . the White Guard unzip he fly and undoe he pants and move a step closer to the Black man 's mouth . Paul D. look ahead , tremble ... he vomit ... the Guard step away as another Guard step in and hit Paul on the shoulder with a rifle .. ext . field - day . the Black Men work ... sledge hammer in hand ... as they work , miraculously , they sing .. " they sing about the woman they know , the child they have be ... they sing of boss and master and miss ... of mule and dog and the shamelessness of life ... they sing of sister long go . they sing love song to death . " int . trench - night . a torrential downpour . the man in the wooden cage watch the rain fill the trench , corrode the red dirt wall around they . bug and human debris swirl around they leg and foot . mud cover they through the crack of the scrap lumber roof . some find rest . other 's mind be long go . camera find Paul ... he be scream . but there be no sound come from he mouth . tear flow down he face , but when he touch they , he realize ; they be tear of mud . he look up and the wooden planke roof be break under the power of the rain .. he look down and the water be up to he thigh . suddenly , the chain link he foot be pull and he be knock down .. he get up , search through the mud for the chain and notice it 's slack .. he pull as well .... one by one the man in the box realize the chain 's end be be undone by the rain , as camera track down towards the last box to the dirt wall , into which the chain have be lock ... it be give way within the muddy wall . the men break through the rotted wood roof to freedom ... wide angle ; as the men climb out of the muddy coffins , grasping for a hold , crawling with every muscle of there body - to get out of the trench before mud and water drow they .... Paul climb with the will of ten man , with every ounce of strength he have leave ... end of memory . CUT back to : int . cold room - a winter night . Paul D. be wide awake . the memory will not let he sleep . Winter have arrive and the night be cold . he lie underneath a thin blanket in yet another sleep place , even further from the house . he add newspaper under and around he body to stay warm . he look as if he have give up on sleep altogether . he hear the door to the cold room open . but he do not turn to look . paul what do you want in here ? belove enter the cold room . beloved I want you to touch I on the inside part and call I my name . she hoist up she skirt and turn she head away .. Paul stare at a silver lard can so as not to look . paul when good people take you in and treat you good , you ought to try to be good back . you do not .... se the love you . much as she own daughter . you know that . beloved ( drop she skirt ) she do not love I like I love she . I do not love nobody but she . paul then what you come in here for ? beloved I want you to touch I on the inside part . paul ever since you come here - feel like I get a new devil to face . beloved you have to touch I . on the inside part . and you have to call I my name . paul ai not no chain on I no more . I do not have to do nothing ... now , go back in that house and go to bed . Paul continue to stare at the lard can - like lot 's wife , he 's fearful what turn to look will do . beloved call I my name . belove move closer , right up behind he , entwine she arm around he body , like chain .. paul no . ai not no chain on I ... beloved call I . paul ... ai not no chain on I ... beloved I will go if you say it . tear well up in he eye . Paul can feel she warmth . he surrender . paul belove . belove press she body against he . he turn and grab she , kissing she with a passion border on hatred . ext . cold house - night . Denver sit outside the cold house - and listen to the sound of lovemake . and cry . int . kitchen - night . sethe , Denver , Paul and belove eat dinner ... in silence . int . cold house - another night . belove be wrapping she body with a blanket as Paul lie on he bed of newspaper - they lovemake finish . belove give he a final look - no tenderness or affection or even friendliness . just a cold look , void of respect or even attraction . she exit the cold house , leave Paul alone . he be on the verge of tear . int . sethe' bedroom - night . Paul stand above the sleep sethe - he guilt drive he mad . he want to touch she , to wake she , to ask for forgiveness and help . but he can not and bury he head in he hand . ext . sawyer restaurant - late afternoon . Paul wait outside in the cold , cupping he hand and breathe inside to keep they warm . he be rehearse : paul look here sethe .. you be not gonna like what I get to say but I get to say it ... see , it 's not the .. a man can not ... what I mean be , it be not really I .. see , it be not weakness , the kind of weakness I can fight , that girl be do it . I know you think I never like she nohow , still do not , but she be do it to I anyway . fix I , sethe , she 's fix I and I can not break it ... sethe appear , exite the back door of the restaurant with a scrap pan in the crook of she arm . to she surprise . she find Paul wait for she . sethe man , you make I feel like a young girl , you come by to pick I up after work . nobody ever do that before . better watch out , I might start look forward to it . she toss the bone and skin from the scrap pan into a heap before four dog who wait there as if by appointment . sethe get to rinse this out . she enter the restaurant . Paul watch the dog eat - watch they get what they want . sethe re-appear with a cloth over she head . sethe you get off early or what ? paul I take off early . sethe anything the matter ? paul in a way of speak . sethe not cut back ? paul no , no . they get plenty of work with they pig .. more they can handle . I just .. ( se the wait ) you be not gonna like what I be about to say , sethe . sethe step forward to hear what Paul come to tell she . there be no apprehension or anger in she look . instead , a calm resolve - as if she be already able to accept whatever he have to tell she without it be anyone 's fault . as if she already know he cane to say he be leave she . she smile . sethe well say it , Paul D ... whether I like it or not . Paul know what she 's expect . and when he see she diminish expectation , the melancholy without blame in she eye .... he can not tell she about belove . he be fill with respect and admiration for she in that moment . something pop into he head and out of he mouth that be not plan ; paul I want you pregnant , sethe . would you do that for I ? sethe break up with laughter . Paul join in . sethe you come by here to ask I that !? you be one crazy -headed man . you right ; I do not like it !... do not you think I be a little too old to start that all over again ? she slip she finger into he . paul think about it . Paul lift they , put the tip of she finger on he cheek . he smile broadly ; she laugh , shaking she head . a burden transformed into a gift , so suddenly . they begin walk . sethe and Paul catch and snatch each other 's finger , steal quick pat on the behind , joyfully . Paul throw he arm around sethe and squeeze . she let she head touch he chest . they stop and stay that way for a moment - not breathe . sethe close she eye . Paul look up to the tree lining the roadside like defend arm against attack . softly , suddenly , it begin to snow . sethe open she eye : sethe mercy . ext . bluestone road - early evening . on the road towards 124 , Paul and sethe run hand in hand . snow fall all around they . sethe I be on my foot all day , Paul D. paul where I be ? sitting down !? sethe stop ! I do not have the leg for this ! they slow to a walk . paul then give them to I . before she can stop he , Paul hoist sethe up over he shoulder . sethe you need some baby .. somebody to play with in the snow . paul I sure would like to give it a try . need a willing partner though . sethe I will say .. very , very willing . they continue laugh and move down bluestone Road when they be jolted by the appearance of ; belove . wait in she usual place for sethe . her hand wrap in a long shawl , wait to be give to sethe . her eye only on sethe , not even acknowledge Paul 's presence . sethe get herself down from Paul . sethe crazy girl . you out here with nothing on . she take the shawl from belove 's hand and wrap it around she shoulder . sethe you get to learn more sense than that . she walk on ahead with belove . Paul , suddenly icy cold and fill with anger , walk behind . ext . 124 bluestone road - night . Denver wait on the porch . sethe and belove walk by she . sethe even , girl . sethe and belove enter the house . as Paul approach , he stop before Denver . they eye meet . Paul stare at she , as if to ask - " who 's ally be you ? " ... Denver , unnerve by he look , run into the house . Paul wait on the porch until , a moment later , sethe re-appear . sethe now I know you not sleep out there tonight , be you Paul D .? ( Paul do not reply ) you come upstairs tonight . where you belong ... and stay there . as if heal by she strength , Paul 's face melt into relief . int . kitchen - night . Denver be clean the dish . belove sit like a angry , upset five year old with she finger in she mouth . beloved she like he here ... ( to Denver ) make he go away . denver she would be mad if he leave . belove do not consider that . her finger move violently in she mouth as if something be bother she ... until , finally , she pull out a back tooth ... she lip slightly bloody . denver oooo..did not that hurt you ? beloved it 's like my dream ... I get two dream , see .. one , I explode ... buuooggg ... the other I be swallow . sometimes it 's hard to keep my head on my neck , or this leg connect to my hip ... one day I think I might wake up and I will be in piece .. ( look at tooth ) maybe it 's start . denver ( clean belove 's mouth ) oh stop . it 's just a tooth . probably wisdom . do it hurt ? beloved yes . denver then why do not you cry ? beloved what ? denver if it hurt , why do not you cry ? belove , ease herself into Denver 's arm , and cry ... ext . window of 124 - night . we see sethe and Paul united as the snow begin to pile up . int . sethe' bedroom - later that night . sethe lie with Paul , in the dark , she face look up to the ceiling . Paul be asleep . on she face be reservation . she rise , crossing to the window to look out . at the same time , belove appear silently at the doorway of the room , look at sethe - hurt and sad . she walk by without sethe notice she . sethe take a breath at the window , watch the snow fall . then , as she move back to the bed , ... camera move ahead of she to : a different bed in which halle be try to fall asleep . a younger sethe crawl in beside he . we be in memory ; int . halle &amp ; sethe' sweet home live quarter - night . sethe , halle and the baby girl ( belove ) sleep together by the wall . the boy sleep together under a window . halle be try to sleep but sethe be awake ... sethe what you think about schoolteacher ? halle he white , be not he ? sethe I mean , be he different like Mr. garner be ? halle how be he different ? sethe well , he and Mrs. garner - they be not like other white I see before . Mr. garner always speak soft , for one . Mrs. garner too . halle do not matter . loud or soft , what they say be the same . sethe Mr. garner let you buy out you mother . found that house for she to live in from that friend of he in Ohio ... halle yep . he do . sethe well ? halle if he have not , she would have drop in he cooking stove . sethe still , he do it . let you work off she fee , lend yourself out on Sunday . he could of say no . he do not tell you no . halle no , he do not tell I no . she work here ten year . if she work another ten , ya think she would have make it ? I pay he for she last year and in return he get you , I and three more come .. sethe he always treat you fair . call you all man - say he never want nigger on he farm . halle that 's just it . we be man because he say so . we be man because we be on he land . you think he be call we man if we ever walk off he land ? sethe when we walk , do not matter what they call you . you will be free . halle sethe .. baby girl , that be not gonna happen . not by walk , anyway . sethe what you mean ? halle schoolteacher in there tell I to quit lend myself out . that phrase " .. while the boy be small " .. cause sethe to look at she sleep boy .. sethe but .. then ..how you gonna buy yourself out ? or they ? ( point to the child ) or I ? halle raise himself up to face she , to give she the final blow . halle ai not gonna be no buy we out , like I do with mama . or they . as far as schoolteacher concerned , be not no other life ahead for any of we but this one . sethe understand , look to she sleep child and be frighten . sethe halle .... what we go to do ? halle ( whisper ) sixo , ya know he creep out at night ..he say the way they take my mar 'am ..he say freedom be that way . he and Paul A. get a plan . they hear of this man , what they call a underground agent ... if we do what he say , do not need no buy out . sethe you mean ...? but what if we catch ? what would they do to we ? to the child ? halle same thing they be do now , honey - only quick . ext . sweet home - a day remembered . sethe carry a big basket of berry as young Howard and bulgar run ahead of she . she turn in the opposite direction and walk along the side of the house to the back entrance of the kitchen . she pass the open window of the classroom and hear ; schoolteacher ( os ) which one be you do ? boy ( os ) sethe ? hear she name , sethe stop and peek through the window . schoolteacher be stand over the student , who have be write in a notebook . schoolteacher lick he finger and thumb a couple of page before say ; schoolteacher no , no . that 's not the way . I tell you to put she human characteristic on the leave ; she animal one on the right . and do not forget to line they up . although sethe do not entirely understand , something about the word disturb she . she look to she child . int . mrs . garner' bedroom - a day remembered . Mrs. garner be sick in bed with a goiter . sethe enter with some soup . mrs . garner I do not think I can swallow that . too thick . I be sure it 's too thick . sethe want I to loosen it up with a little water ? mrs . garner no . take it away . bring I some cool water , that 's all . sethe yes mar 'am ... sethe help she drink a glass of cold water . mrs . garner yes , you can have quite a few . ( drink ) mmmm . thank you sethe . now tell I , I know halle 's no trouble but the other , the paul and sixo - how 's my brother - in - law handle they ? all right ? sethe yes ma'am . look like it . mrs . garner they do what he tell they ? sethe they do not need tell . mrs . garner good . that 's a mercy . I know he 's no Mr. garner . but after he die , I have no else to turn to . I would have have to sell one . it be not even enough sell Paul F . and in my condition . I need help . people say I should not be alone here with nothing but negroes . and he be a learn man be a schoolteacher ... as sethe fill Mrs. garner 's basin with fresh water , she look out the window and see : schoolteacher outside with he student , we notice he wear a very distinctive hat as Mrs. garner description continue ; mrs . garner ... I know he way might be a little more strict but as long as the man do as they be tell I be sure it will be fine . all right , I be through .. talk make I tired . sethe yes mar 'am . int . barn - a night remembered . sethe lie beat and rape , she clothes tear , she body aching and sweaty . she struggle to get to she foot and exit the barn . int . halle and sethe' live quarter - night . sethe open the door to find she child asleep . she be about to wake they when ; she notice Mrs. garner 's light be on in she bedroom window . sethe , blind with rage , decide there 's one thing she must do before she take she child to the meeting place . int . mrs . garner' bedroom - night . Mrs. garner lie ail through a sleepless night when she bedroom door open . sethe enter - she appearance tell all . mrs . garner my God sethe .. what happen to you ? ext . sweet home - night . sethe carry she baby girl in one arm , she two boy by the hand with the other ... they move as fast as they can . ext . corn field - night . they arrive at the meeting place where a woman crouching in the field be wait . woman hurry up . you be late . sethe ( hand she the child ) here ! howard but mar 'am ... sethe just go with she ! do what I tell ya ! sethe carefully hand she baby girl to the woman . sethe put sugar water on that cloth for she to suck so she will not forget I till I come . woman where you go ? sethe halle be not there . I gotta go back . woman you crazy .. sethe take they out . now ! I will get there myself . I get she milk ... I will get there ... do not worry . she kiss she baby girl , a little too hard perhaps , waking she ... along with the boy ... sethe go.. go! now ! sethe disappear back into the corn field leave the woman hold the baby girl ... as bulgar cry out . bulgar mama ? ext . corn field closer to sweet home house - night . sethe exit the corn field and head for she live quarter when suddenly ; the four boy appear from out of nowhere .. two restrain she , one hold a horsewhip .... boy with horsewhip you nigger bastard .. sethe struggle and be about to scream out when she be slap and muffle and drag into the corn field to be beat ..... end of memory ; int . sethe' bedroom - night . sethe awaken , sweat from have fall asleep and relive she past nightmare . she sit up and realize where she be . she look beside she and see Paul asleep . she lay down , press she body against he so that there be no space between - enfold she arm around he . ext . pig slaughterhouse - day . Pigs be cry in the chute as Paul , stamp paid and twenty other worker push and prod they towards the slaughterhouse . although steepe in pig shit on a wintry day - he hand numb from the cold - Paul D. be in high spirit . he sing as he work much to the amusement of he fellow co-worker . CO - worker 1 hey - you like this work so much maybe you best get in the chute with the other . you be not get much more sense than they do . the man laugh . Paul smile and brushes it off . paul ai not just a job reason to sing . other thing a man 's get to look forward to that a job just a way to spend you day till the good time arrive . CO - worker 2 good time ? ai not no such day . stamp pay now , now ... it 's all a state a mind , right Paul D . if you can think it , it can happen . paul more than that . when a man can make plan then a man can make good time happen . CO - worker 1 oh the man 's get plan ! you save up for a gold mine , boy . ( more laughter ) paul better then gold , my friend . I and my woman 's plan on start a family . stamp paid 's face register sudden concern . paul New life . bear free , hear ! now if that do not define a good tine , I do not know what do . CO - worker 2 nothing bear free ever again . paul what you talkin ? nobody own we no more . nobody gonna own my child neither . CO - worker 2 Children inherit what come before them . just cause you can not see no chain , do not mean they not there . we be not free man . we be somewhere between freedom and chain . and as long as the world be white , that 's where we be stayin . the truth of this cause the man to be silent as they continue work . stamp paid look at Paul , confuse by what he should do . ext . pig slaughterhouse - later that day . the man be on break . Paul sit alone enjoy a lunch pack by sethe ... stamp paid approach and sit beside he . stamp pay May I ? paul free country . no matter what anybody say . stamp pay I like the way you think , boy . good. good to think that way . friend of mine , baby sugg be she name ... sort of become a preacher in this part .. that be she way of think too . when she be at she best , that be . paul you know baby sugg ? stamp pay oh yes ... you be not one of she sweet Home man , now be you ? paul yes sir ... I and my brother and she son . stamp pay oh , I see now . paul sethe tell I she die soft as cream . stamp pay well ... maybe on the outside . paul why be that ? stamp paid look at he with sympathetic , sudden understanding . stamp pay you do not know , son , do you ? see I have to figure that out first . paul know what ? stamp paid pull out a old newspaper clipping from a bag he carry with he all the time . he hand it to Paul who look to see : a drawing of a young black woman beneath a headline ; murder ! runaway slave kill child .... paul who be it ? stamp pay that there 's a picture of sethe . paul sethe ? ( study it ) Nah , that be not she mouth . I can see where you might think it around the eye but that there be not she mouth . besides , why would some black woman 's picture be in the paper ? stamp pay you do not read son , do you ? ( Paul shake head no ) you want I to read to you ? Paul sense something terribly wrong ... and do not know whether to say yes or no . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - early evening . sethe be sweeping the porch . Paul appear on the road . when he see sethe on the porch in the distance , he stop . sethe see he and smile - but something about he slow approach to the house send off a alarm within she . Paul make he way to the porch . he stop before she . sethe already feed the girl . you eat ? ( he shake no ) want something ? Paul do not answer . instead , he step up to she as he remove the clipping from he pocket and hand it to she . sethe 's heart stop beat for a moment - not have see this image for many year . but she 's survive worse than the tell so she face he . sethe best you come inside . she rise and enter the house . Paul follow . int . kitchen - early evening . Paul sit at the table . sethe begin she story seat before he . sethe I do not have to tell you about sweet Home . what it be . but maybe you do not know what it be like for I to get away from there . she look for a response but expect none . sethe I do it . I get we all out . without halle too . up till then it be the only thing I ever do on my own . decide . and it come off right like it be suppose to .. she rise and begin to move about the room , circle Paul as she try to find a way to explain it all ; sethe we be here . each and every one of my baby and I too . I birthed they and I get them out and it be not no accident . I do that ! I have help , of course , lot of that , but still it be I do it ; I say , " go on " and " now ! " . I have to look out . I use my own head . but it be more than that . it be a kind of ...' think - about - myself ' I never know nothing about before . it feel good . good and right . I be big , Paul , and deep and wide and when I stretch out my arm all my child could get in between . I be that wide . look like I love they more after I get they here . or maybe I could not love them proper in sweet Home ' cause they be not mine to love . but when I get here , when I jump off that wagon - there be not nobody in the world I could not love if I want to .... dissolve to : memory ... as sethe narrate : sethe ( vo ) I have 28 day ... 28 good day of free life ..... int . sethe' room at 124 - a dawn remembered . sethe , out of habit , be awake before the sun have rise . she be fully dress . sethe ( vo ) ...of get up like I always do , get dress before the sun come out , and then realize I have to decide myself what to do with the day ... she sit on the bed , watch the sun rise . int . the child be room - continuous . sethe watch she child sleep , safely . sethe ( vo ) ... day of watch my child sleep away the morning ... and take care of my baby like it be the most important thing I have to do ... Denver be asleep in a bassinet . sethe reach in and pick she up . she sit by a window and breast feed she as she hum a melody . ( this be the same melody we hear sethe hum in the beginning of the film ) . sethe 's melody carry itself over the follow image ; ext . 124 bluestone ; water pump - day . sethe be carry a bucket of water to the house . she see : bulgar and Howard run and play . Howard tackle he brother and start tickle he . the two boy laugh hard . sethe watch , a moment of fear across she face ; sethe ( vo ) I would hear my boy laugh a laugh I be not never hear . and for a second I would get scared - scared someone might hear they and get mad ... sethe realize , place down the bucket : sethe ( vo ) then I remember ... and if they laugh that hard till it hurt , that would be the only hurt they have all day .... sethe sob , uncontrollably . int . 124 bluestone rd . - day . ella teach sethe a new stitch as she chatter on . sethe ( vo ) we have we day of company ... ext . field - day . another woman teach sethe the alphabet , as sethe cradle Denver and the Little girl ( belove ) crawl around she foot . int . kitchen - day . baby sugg and sethe cook with a kitchen full of man and woman who have come for a visit . sethe ( vo ) ...of ease and real talk . talk about the fugitive Bill , dred Scott or book learn ... talk as quiet or as stormy as we want ... two man get into a argument to the amusement of the woman . ext . clearing in the wood - day . as folk gather to hear baby sugg preach , she introduce a smile , shy sethe to each one . sethe ( vo ) ... and when everyone would gather to hear baby sugg , I see something I be not never see before in my whole life ... alone for a moment , sethe look around at the crowd of face ; sethe 's melody stop as baby sugg stand on she rock and call to the crowd : baby sugg let the child come ! from out of the wood , child run into the clearing . camera follow the joyous exodus to reveal : the clearing be filled with adult the entire black community of the day when sethe first arrive . the child run to they respective family ; baby sugg ( with joy ) let you mother 's hear you laugh !! the child , loving the game , laugh hard . the adult get a kick out of it . sethe watch she boy and hide she laughter . baby sugg let the grow man come !! out of the wood , a group of grown men come into the clearing . baby sugg let you wive and you child see you dance ! the man form a circle and dance as the crowd support they with a clap rhythm . a song arise from the woman to accompany to dance .... baby sugg now ... you woman ... I want you to cry . for the live . for the dead .... just cry . camera follow that woman who be not sing as one by one , they remember and weep ... sethe watch ... and weep . sethe .... something in I know halle be never gonna knock on we door . he be never gonna see what I see that day . I see what man look like ... and I see mother , for the first time . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . stamp paid walk up to the porch carry a two big basket of blackberries ... he body dirty , scratch and bleed . sethe ( vo ) I think it be stamp paid who start it . he walk six mile to the riverbank , sly into a ravine , reach through blood draw thorns , suffer mosquito , wasp and the meanest lady spider in the State just to bring we that berry . he place the basket on the porch in front of baby sugg , sethe who be hold denver.. and the Little girl ( belove ) . baby sugg ( laugh ) what a sight you be , stamp . stamp pay Worth it though . just one bite of this berry and you feel down right anoint . he put one into Denver 's mouth . sethe she 's too little for that , stamp . her bowel be soup . baby sugg it will sickify she stomach .. now go wash up round back ... crazy fool .. stamp exit . sethe it be real nice of he . baby sugg he 's a good one , no doubt of that . I can get three , maybe four pie out of this . seem a shame just for we though . I be gonna invite ella and John over ... sethe how ' bout if I make a couple of chicken to back it up ? sethe ( vo ) and that 's how it begin ... int . kitchen - day . sethe and baby sugg and ella and several other woman cook . sethe ( vo ) ... Three pie become twelve ... two hen become five turkey ... ext . the field /124 bluestone rd . - evening . various image of people gather enjoy food and drink ... laugh and sing ... sethe ( vo ) ... and ella and John turn into almost ninety other ... - woman serve up the food ... - older man sit and talk as they eat ... - younger man play with the child . Chasing they with sheet on they back , scare they into laughter .. - a man with a guitar play a blue song and sing . while sethe enjoy she free life and , most of all , she child - the boy run around she .. Denver in she arm .. her Little girl ( belove ) by she side .. baby sugg 's visit with various guest , serve up the food ... sethe ( vo ) ... everybody eat so well and laugh so much ... intercut ; image of whisper exchange between some of the woman : sethe ( vo ) ... it make they angry ... woman head to head with a remark or a eye of disapproval towards baby sugg as she continue cooking and feed .... sethe ( vo ) the pie , the turkey ... the bread pudding and shortbread .. the one whole block of ice bring all the way from Cincinnati - it make them mad ... loave and fish be Jesus 's power ... they do not belong to a ex-slave who never have a white boy beat she , who have she freedom buy , who rent a house from white folk that hate slavery worse than they hate slave ... it make them furious - she thoughtless generosity and un -called for pride ... she have over step ... offended they by give too much ... and they leave they disapproval there so 's you could smell in the air the whole next day ... ext . the field / 124 bluestone rd . - the following day . baby sugg work the field , not far from stamp paid ... sethe ( vo ) later on I wonder why no one warn we ... why no one see they come and run to 124 to tell we ... she chop at the soil over the root of the pepper plant . she stop - sense something be wrong . she look up at a clear blue sky ... she hear the bird and the stream way down beyond the wood .. she look around and see bulgar , Howard and the Little girl ( belove ) play with loud voice by the side of the house . she see sethe squatted in the pole bean with Denver in a bushel basket beside she . the clok , clok of wood be chop cause she to look over to stamp paid , help out with the axe ... she return to she work ... but something be deeply wrong . and then she hear it ; the SOUND of horse and a horse drawn wagon come from the distance . ( the same sound sethe hear in she first memory of the sycamore earlier on ) she rise up and look ; Pov ; ext . bluestone road - day . Far in the distance , four horsemen be riding toward they . one drive a wagon and be wearing a distinctive hat - it be schoolteacher ..... CUT back to : ext . the field of 124 bluestone - day . sethe continue work until she notice peripherally that baby sugg be stand stock still , stare at something . sethe rise and look in the same direction ; CUT back to : ext . bluestone road - day . the four horseman be closer ... CUT back to : ext . the field of 125 bluestone - day . sethe 's face freeze in terror as ... stamp paid , in between chop , look up and see the two woman .. then turn he face to see the man . but it be sethe' face we concentrate on - as we intercut the oncoming approach of the four horsemen and hear her word : sethe ( vo ) ... there 's a look whitefolk get .. a look every negro learn to recognize along with he mar 'am 's tit .. that righteous look that 's like a flag go up the pole .. the righteousness that announce the whip , the fist , the burn , the lie ... long before it happen in the open ... over the above speech , we see in sethe 's expression a death of soul - a instantaneous loss of hope for possibility of joy and life . and with it , a insane rage . sethe grab Denver out of the basket , then scramble after the crawl Little girl ( belove ) , scoop she under she free arm ... sethe Howard !... bulgar ! the tone of she voice cause the boy to freeze . she run towards they , grab one by the hand and order the other to run in front of they . she move and speak with efficient clarity . sethe the shed !... get in the shed !... run ! baby sugg and stamp paid watch helplessly - ext . 124 bluestone - the four horseman - schoolteacher , he nephew , a slave catcher and a sheriff - arrive at the house and dismount , tie they horse to the front gate ( which be no longer there ) . the nephew scamper to the front of the house and peer in the window - he listen . hear nothing he motion for they to go round the side of the house . camera follow they as it reveal baby sugg and stamp paid stand exactly where we leave they ... except ; they be both stare at the shed - out of which strange noise , thud and the frightened cry of child be hear .... two Black boy and several woman be come up the road . the slave catcher motion with he rifle for they to stop - and they do . the man move towards the shed , meeting up with the nephew as he run past baby sugg and stamp paid ... Pov ; camera move closer towards the shed , the sound cone from within more audible now ... int . the shed - the nephew open the door . the four Men enter .... Howard and bulgar be bleed in the sawdust , unconscious - a bloody shovel lay near they . sethe be hold a blood -soak Little girl ( belove ) to she chest with one hand ... and Denver by the heel of the other . she be swinging Denver toward the wall plank , miss then try again ... when out of nowhere , stamp paid rush by the horrify white man and grab denver out of sethe' hand before she can swing she a second time ... stillness . schoolteacher look at the carnage ... a bloody see lie at sethe 's foot , the weapon she use on she own child 's throat . the nephew be paralyze ... horrify . nephew what she go and do that for ?... what she go and do that for ? baby sugg walk in . whatever amount of God 's grace she could imagine and will into be , vanish with one look into that shed . sheriff you all better go on . ( to schoolteacher ) nothing here to claim , I guess . look like you business be over . mine 's start . schoolteacher beat he hat against he thigh and spit in the shed before exite , follow by the catcher and the nephew . the sheriff speak to sethe . sheriff I will have to take you in . no trouble now . you have do enough to last you .... sethe do not move . sheriff you come quiet , here , and I will not have to tie you up . meanwhile , baby sugg notice who breathes and who do not and move straight to the boy .... stamp paid extend he arm to sethe . stamp pay sethe . you take my arm and gimme yours . sethe turn to he , the first time she 's look into anyone 's eye and see Denver in he arm ... a sound escape from she throat as though she would make a mistake . sheriff I be go out here and send for a wagon . he exit . baby sugg rub the boy ' hand , try to raise they eyelid , spit on she dress and wipe away the blood as they slowly regain a daze consciousness .. she whisper ; baby sugg I beg you pardon .. I beg you pardon .. ext . 124 bluestone rd . - sethe , clutching the dead baby to she chest , be lead out of the shed by stamp paid , outside , a throng of black face have gather who stop murmure the second they see she . among they be ella and Lady Jones . they be shocked and pain . sethe be lead past they to a wait cart - in total silence . baby sugg , at the same time , be get the boy up the porch into the house . when Denver cry in stamp paid 's arm , she stop .. let the boy sit and run towards the cart . sethe be seat in the cart beside the sheriff . baby sugg take the cry Denver from stamp paid .. she tell the sheriff . baby sugg Excuse I .. but the child need nursin.. need the mother 's milk .. sheriff then she 's best come too . baby sugg approach sethe who see Denver cry and reach for she without let the baby go . baby sugg resist ; baby sugg one at a time !... and you gotta clean yourself up ! but sethe only want she live child . the two woman struggle as stamp paid do what he can .. finally , sethe win and take Denver with she free hand , undoe she dress and nurse 's she with a bloody breast .. baby sugg break inside . break right in two , although from outward appearance , she look merely numbe by shock . a white boy make he way through the crowd with a pair of shoe and hand they to she .. white boy mama say Wednesday . she say you get to have they fix by Wednesday . baby sugg look at he not understanding .. white boy you hear , baby ? she say Wednesday . baby sugg ( take the shoe ) I beg you pardon .. Lord , I beg you pardon .. I sure do .... CUT to : present day ( end of memory ) : int . 124 bluestone road - night . Paul D. sit at the kitchen table . the story tell . sethe look out the window ... and wait .. paul you love be too thick , sethe . sethe Love be or it be not . thin love be not love at all ... I do stop he . I take and put my baby where they would be safe ... paul do not work though , do it ? sethe it work . paul how ? you boy go , you do not know where . one girl dead , the other can not go farther than the yard . how do it work ? sethe they be not at sweet Home ! schoolteacher be not get them ! paul maybe there 's worse . sethe it be not my job to know what 's worse . it 's my job to know what be and keep they away from what I know be terrible . I do that . paul what you do be wrong , sethe . sethe I should have go back there ? taken my baby back there ? paul there could have be a way . some other way . sethe what way ? paul you get two foot , sethe . not four ! that jump out before he have a chance to choose say it . sethe have no response ... the distance between this two people in this small room be suddenly vast . Paul rise , play with he hat ... not know how to leave . but desperately need to . he move to the exit and stop .. paul you can set aside supper for I ... might be late get back ... unable to look at she , he turn to exit . when sethe speak in a soft , forgive tone , he stop to listen ; sethe after all I tell you , Paul D. and after tell I how many foot I have , you think say goodbye be gonna break I into piece ? Paul turn to look at she and realize she see right through he ... sethe you be a sweet man . unable to bear it , Paul turn and leave ... sethe stand still , fight tear , and whisper ... sethe so long , Paul D. int . kitchen - day . sethe be scrubbing the floor , with Denver trail by with dry rag . belove enter hold a pair of ice skate ; beloved what do this do ? sethe and belove look up . sethe smile ; sethe my Lord ... where would you dig up that ? denver there for skate on the ice . we have another pair and half of another , I think . beloved can we try they ? sethe take the skate and look at they with a curious lightness : sethe go ice skate ? ha ... ( beat ) why not ? denver you sure mama ? sethe strike I that after you man leave , it might just be the wrong time to be scrubbing floor ... might just be the perfect time to go ice skate . Denver and belove register hopefulness in the light of sethe 's attitude . sethe speak to Denver ; sethe go get the shawl .. and find I a old shoe for that half a pair ... the girl get excited . sethe toss the scrub brush into the pail . ext . a frozen creek - day . a bright , cold winter day . belove wear a pair of old skate . Denver wear the second pair and sethe have one skate and one shoe .. the two girl giggle and fall as they try to skate on the ice ... help each other up . they skirt whirling ... they laughter mingle with scream of delight . sethe , wear only shoe , watch they and laugh . denver come on , mar 'am ... try ! sethe step onto the ice and take a few stride and promptly fall on she rear . the girl scream with laughter . sethe try to get up and fall , they laughter infect she as well . the girl try to help she and fall over each other in the try . Denver rise and try a independent glide . the tip of she skate hit a bump and she fall , flap she arm wildly . all three laugh so hard , they start cough . belove go to Denver 's aid . sethe rise up on she hand and knee , she laughter shaking she chest and cause she eye to tear in the cold air . belove help Denver , and fall as well . the two girl see sethe laugh and play it up even more , a few more time ... until , Denver notice something and motion belove to stop and look . the two glide back to sethe . her laughter have stop , but she tear have not ... they gently , comfortingly , touch she shoulder . int . kitchen - night . it be a snowy night outside the window . sethe have laid out blanket and quilt in front of the fire in the stove . she have make sweet milk that she hand to the girl before take she place in between they , on the floor , face the fire ; Denver , on she right , rest she head on she lap . belove sit on she leave . she look over to belove who be stare at the fire . the illumination highlight she beauty and she profile ; the chin , mouth , forehead - all copy and exaggerated in a huge shadow the fire throw on the wall . sethe can not help but stare as another think occur to she ; baby sugg ( v.o. ) ... all I remember be how she love the bottom of burn bread . her little hand ... I would not know them if they slap I " . sethe ( vo ) ... " here . look here . see this mark ? if you can not tell I by my face , look here . " belove lift she head towards the fire at the same time she lean back to rest on a propped - up pillow . in the flicker of the firelight , sethe can see : a smile of a scar beneath her chin . sethe know before she 's aware of it consciously . and just as it hit she , beloved begins to hum a melody . sethe recognize it as she own melody . sethe I make that song up . I make it up and sing it to my child ... Denver lift she head from she mother 's lap to look at sethe , know what be happen .... sethe ... nobody know that song but I and my child . belove turn to sethe ; beloved I know it . a click . sethe look at she daughter , return . " there be no gasp of astonishment - no exclaim for the miraculous . for what be truly miraculous be so , because the magic lie in the fact that you know it be there for you all along . " dissolve to : morning ; int . kitchen - morning . it 's snowy white outside . the girl be still asleep in front of the stove . but Denver awaken upon hearing she mother load the stove with dry wood and begin to cook breakfast . sethe hear she wake up and turn , as she beat egg in a bowl ; sethe back stiff ? denver ooh , yeah ... do not know if it 's the floor or the skate . sethe could be that fall you take . denver that be fun . belove snore lightly beside she ; denver should I wake she ? sethe no , let she rest . denver she like to see you off in the morning . sethe I will make sure she do . but first I be go make up a nice , big breakfast against that cold outside . denver wo not you be late for work ? sethe do not matter . first time I will be late in nine year . no great trouble .. whatever go on out there go on with or without I show up on time ... do not matter ... ( look at the girl ) the world be in this room , baby . this be all there be and all there need to be . Denver smile - but it be a cautious smile . something about she mother 's statement both elate and disturb she . ext . bluestone rd . - day . a conflict and contrite stamp paid walk through the snow down bluestone road towards 124 . as he do , he remember he last conversation with baby sugg ; memory : ext . richmond STREET - day . a fall day . leave ankle high . stamp paid be walk when he see baby sugg carry a carpetbag full of repair shoe . he cross over to she as he get she attention ; stamp pay you miss the clear meeting three Saturday run . baby sugg turn to she old friend - but there be no sign of welcome or recognition . there be a noticeable change in she demeanor . she continue walk . he follow ; stamp pay folk come . baby sugg folk come . folk go . stamp pay here , let I carry that . he reach for the carpetbag but baby sugg pull it away . baby sugg I get a delivery around here . name of tucker . stamp pay ( point ) yonder . twin chestnut in the yard . they walk a bit , until ; stamp pay well ? baby sugg well what ? stamp pay this Saturday - you come to call or what ? baby sugg if I call they , and they come what on earth be I go to say to they . stamp pay say the Word ! two whitemen rake leave look up at the sound of stamp paid 's voice , which be too loud . so he whisper ; stamp pay the Word . what you be put here to speak . baby sugg that 's the last thing they take from I . stamp pay but you get to do it . you get to . can not nobody call like you . you have to be there . baby sugg what I have to do be get in my bed and lay down . I want to fix on something harmless in this world . stamp pay what world be you talk about ? ai not nothing harmless down here . baby sugg Blue . that do not hurt nobody . yellow neither . stamp pay you get into bed to think about yellow ? baby sugg I like yellow . stamp pay then what ? when you get through with blue and yellow , then what ? baby sugg can not say . it 's something can not be plan . stamp pay you blame God . that what you be do ? baby sugg no , stamp . I be not . stamp pay you say whitefolk win . that what you say ? baby sugg that white thing have take all I have or dream . I be say be not no bad luck in this world ' cept for white folk .. they just do not know when to stop . stamp pay you say nothing count ? baby sugg I be say they come into my yard . stamp pay you say God give up ? nothing leave for we but pour out we own blood ? baby sugg I be say they come into my yard . stamp pay you punish him , be not you ? baby sugg not like he punish I . stamp pay you can not do that , baby . it be not right . baby sugg be a time I know what be . stamp pay you still know . baby sugg what I know be what I see : a nigger woman haul shoe . stamp pay aw , baby . he stop she , before the twin chestnut of the tucker house . stamp pay we have to be steady . " this thing too will pass " . what you look for ? a miracle ? baby sugg no . I be look for what I be put here to look for : the back door . they exchange a look of silence and finality . she turn and walk to the back door of the house and knock . a moment later a White woman appear , take the carpetbag and keep baby wait on the back step while she go in for a dime . baby rest on the railing until the whitewoman return . memory end . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . now , stamp paid feel the need to find out what 's go on inside 124 since he cause Paul to leave . he approach the porch , then the front door . he raise he hand to knock - but he can not bring himself to do it . he turn to walk away then stop . he turn back and with a force of will , knock loudly upon the door . no answer . he knock again . still no answer . he step back , try to sense if anyone 's there . he turn to leave when he see ; two head in the window . Denver and belove . Denver bolt away , but belove remain a moment longer - look in stamp paid 's eye , then disappear into the house . stamp paid be unnerve by she look . int . sawyer' restaurant - late morning . sethe enter late , put on she apron as sawyer yell ; sawyer what the hell you think , girl ? strol in here this late ? sethe do not talk to I , Mr. sawyer . do not say nothing to I this morning . sawyer what ? what ? you talk back to I ? sethe I be tell you do not say nothing to I . sethe begin organize she counter to make pie . sawyer you better get they pie make ! sethe ignore he as she begin . sawyer be at a loss . sawyer not too sweet ! you make it too sweet they do not eat it . sethe make it the way I always do . sawyer yeah . too sweet . ( he exit ) int . ella' house - day . ella open the front door for stamp paid . he look disturb . ella where you be keep yourself ? I tell John must be cold if stamp stay inside . stamp pay oh I be out . stamp take off he hat and follow ella , who be do laundry in the kitchen . ella out where ? stamp pay be over to baby sugg . ella what you want there ? somebody invite you in ? stamp pay that 's baby 's kin . I do not need no invite to look after she people . ella shrug and continue fold wet laundry on a line behind the stove . stamp sit . stamp pay somebody new there . a woman . think you might know who she be . ella ai not no new negroes in this town I do not know about . what she look like ? you sure that be not Denver ? stamp pay I know Denver . ella you sure ? stamp pay I know what I see . ella might see anything at all at 124 . stamp pay true . ella better ask Paul D. stamp pay can not locate he . ella he 's sleep in the church . stamp pay the church ! ella yeah . ask Rev. Pike if he could stay in the cellar . stamp pay it 's cold as charity in there ! what he do that for ? any number will take he in . ella can not nobody read mind long distance . all he have to do be ask somebody . stamp pay why ? why he have to ask ? can not nobody offer ? what 's go on ? since when a black man come to town have to sleep in the cellar like a dog ?! ella unrile yourself , stamp . it 's only a few day he be there . stamp pay no ! should not be no day ! you know all about it and do not give he a hand ? that do not sound like you , ella . I and you be pull color folk out the water more and twenty year ! now you tell I you can not offer a man a bed ?! a work man who can pay he own way ? ella he ask , I give he anything . stamp pay why 's that necessary all of a sudden ? ella I do not know he that well . stamp pay you know he 's color ? what else there to know ? ella stamp , do not tear I up this morning ! I do not feel like it . stamp pay it 's she , be not it ? ella her who ? stamp pay sethe . he take up with she and stay in there and you do not want nothing to - ella hold on ! do not jump if you can not see bottom ! stamp pay girl , give it up ! we be friend too long to act like this . beat . ella know he 's right . she surrender the truth . ella well , who can tell what go on in there ? I never even know who sethe be or none of she people . stamp pay you know she marry baby sugg ' boy . ella I be not sure I know that . baby never laid eye on she till she show up here . and how would she make it and she husband do not ? and where be he ? and how she have that baby in the wood by herself ? Said a whitewoman help she . shoot . you believe that ? well , I know what kind of white that be . stamp pay aw , no , ella . ella anything white float around in the wood - if it do not get a shotgun , it 's something the Lord tell I I do not want no part of . stamp pay you be friend . ella till she show herself . stamp pay ella . ella I be not get no friend take a handsaw to they own child . stamp pay what 's any of that get to do with Paul D .? ella what run he off ? tell I that ! stamp pay I run he off . ella ( surprised ) you ? stamp pay I tell he ... show he the newspaper . about sethe . read it to he . he leave that very day . ella you do not tell I that . I think he already know . stamp pay he do not know nothing . and nobody . except she , from when they be at that place baby sugg be at . ella he know baby sugg ? stamp pay sure he know she . her boy halle , too . ella and he leave when he find out what sethe do ? ( stamp sit ) what you say cast a different light on it , I guess ... I think - stamp know what she think . ella but you do not come here talk ' bout Paul . you come ask about a new girl . stamp pay that 's so . ella well , Paul D. must know who she be . or what she be . stamp pay you mind load with spirit . everywhere you look you see one . ella you know as well as I do , stamp , that people who die bad do not stay in the ground . stamp can not deny this . ext . bluestone road - early evening . sethe be walk home to she daughter . there be a serene , introverted expression on she face ... as if she be detach from the world around she , safe inside . we hear she thought : sethe ( vo ) belove , she my daughter ... she mine . she come back to I of she own free will and I do not have to explain a thing .. she have to be safe and I put she where I know she would be . but my love be tough and she back now . she come back to I in the flesh ... I will not never let she go . I will explain to she , even though I do not have to . why I do it . how if I have not kill she she would have die and that be something I could not let happen to she . when I explain she will understand , cause she understand everything already .. and she be not even mad ... when I put that headstone up I want to lay in there with you , put you head on my shoulder and keep you warm and I would have if bulgar and Howard and Denver do not need I , because my mind be homeless then . I could not lay down with you then . no matter how much I want to . I could not lay down nowhere in peace , back then . now I can . I can sleep like the drown , have mercy . she come back to I , my daughter , denver' voice over fade in over sethe be .... sethe ( vo ) denver my belove and she belove be my be mine .... sister ... denver ( vo ) ..and she be mine ... fade to ; int . 124 bluestone road - early evening . Denver be clean the kitchen , wait for she mother . we hear she thought : denver ( vo ) .. I swallow she blood right along with my mother 's milk . she play with I and always come to be with I whenever I need she . I and she wait for we daddy . I love she . I do . she never hurt I . I love my mother but I know she kill one of she own , and tender as she be with I , I be scared of she because of it . all the time , I be afraid the thing that happen that make it all right to kill she own , could happen again . whatever it be , it come from outside this house , outside the yard . so I never leave this house and I watch over the yard so it can not happen again ... I have to keep it away from my sister ... I will protect belove ...' Cause she 's mine ... beloved be vo fade in over denver be ... denver ( vo ) beloved ( vo ) belove .. she 's mine I be belove beloved ( vo ) and she be mine ... ext . 124 bluestone rd . - early evening . belove , wait for sethe to come home , see she approach . we hear she thought : beloved ( vo ) I be not separate from she . there be no place where I stop . her face be my own and I want to be there in the place where she face be and to be look at it too ... a hot thing .. in the beginning I could see she . I could not help she because the cloud be in the way . but I could see she . the shine in she ear . I look hard at she so she will know that the cloud be in the way .. I can not lose she again . I see she face which be mine . it be the face that be go to smile at I in the place where we crouch before I come up out of the blue water . sethe 's be the face that leave I . sethe 's see I in she and I see the smile . she be my face smile at I . it be the face I lose . now we can join ..a hot thing . sethe come to the wait belove and smile . she offer she hand and belove rise . Denver exit to they and smile . she extend she hand to belove 's free hand . the three woman stand astride each other , arm around each other 's waist as they walk toward the porch ... the dusk sunlight create three shadow - three figure hold each other the way sethe see the shadow at the carnival ... only they be not hers , Denver 's and Paul 's ... they be hers , Denver 's and belove 's .... int . 124 bluestone rd . - early evening . the girl rush into the house , and down the hall . sethe enter . then turn back to the door . c.u. ; of sethe' hand locking the front door as we hear ; sethe ( vo ) I am beloved and she be mine .. denver ( vo ) she be mine ... over the following chorus of dialogue , a montage of image depict sethe , beloved and denver close up the house from the outside world - lowering shade , locking window , barring door ..... sethe ( vo ) tell I the truth .. beloved ( vo ) cannot lose her again . sethe ( vo ) did you come from the other side . beloved ( vo ) yes . I be on the other side . sethe ( vo ) you come back because of I ? beloved ( vo ) yes . sethe ( vo ) you never forget I ? beloved ( vo ) you face be mine . denver ( vo ) don't love her too much . sethe ( vo ) do you forgive I ? beloved ( vo ) you hurt I . denver ( vo ) I will protect you . sethe ( vo ) will you stay ? beloved ( vo ) why did you leave I who am you ? sethe ( vo ) I will never leave you again . denver ( vo ) watch out for her ; she can give you dream . beloved ( vo ) where be the men without skin ? denver ( vo ) the whitefolk ? sethe ( vo ) out there . way off . denver ( vo ) daddy be coming for US . beloved ( vo ) can they get in here ? sethe ( vo ) no . they tried once but I stop they . they won't ever come back ... you my best thing . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - early evening . camera pull back from the front door , now locked against the world , in a slow move .... as we hear a blend of the three women' voice - the overlapping , haunted thought of the live ... three woman ( vo ) beloved .. you be my sister .. you be my daughter . you be my face .. you be me..i have found you again.. I waited for you .. you be my beloved . don't love her too much ... you my best thing .. you be mine .. you be mine .. you be mine ... by the time the camera reach bluestone road , the voice be mix , undecipherable yet audible ... ... audible to stamp pay , who stand on bluestone rd . listening to the haunted voice of 124 . he be frightened . fade - out . fade - in : ext . church - day . a cold day . Paul D. sit against the church drink from a bottle when a voice cause he to look up ; stamp pay howdy . stamp have he hand in he pocket , move about . paul you get any more newspaper in that pocket for I , just a waste of time . ai not interested . stamp sit beside he . stamp pay this be hard for I . but I get to do it . two thing I get to say to you . I be a take the easy one first . paul ( laugh ) if it 's hard for you , might kill I dead . ( he drink ) stamp pay I come look for you to ask you pardon . apologize . paul for what ? stamp pay you pick any house , any house where color live . pick any one and you welcome to stay there . I be apologize ' cause they do not offer to tell you . but you welcome anywhere you want to be . my house . John and ella . miss Lady jones..anybody . you choose . you be not get to sleep in no cellar and I apologize for each and every night . paul well I ... I do get offer one place but I just want to be off by myself a spell . stamp pay oh yeah . oh that 's load off . I think everybody go crazy . paul just I . stamp pay you plan to do anything about it ? paul oh yeah . I get big plan . he drink from the bottle like a angry , break man . it stab at stamp 's heart to see he like this . a white man in a horse and wagon drive up the path lead to the church . he lean stop before they and lean forward ; white man hey !! stamp pay ( on he foot ) yes sir . white man I be look for a gal name of Judy . Works over by the slaughterhouse . Said she live on plank Road . stamp pay plank Road . yes sir . that 's up a way . mile , maybe . white man you do not know she ? Judy ? Works in the slaughterhouse . stamp pay no sir , I do not , but I know plank Road . ' Bout a mile up thataway . Paul drink from the bottle . the White man address he . white man look here .. there 's a cross up there , so I guess this here 's a church or use to be . seem to I like you ought to show it some respect , you follow I ? stamp pay yes sir .. you right about that . that 's just what I come over to talk to he about . just that .. Paul offer no response . the White man click he tongue and drive off . stamp breathes a sigh of relief . paul you remember you price , stamp ? stamp pay never find out . paul I do . down to the cent . $ 900 . always wonder though what Mrs. garner get for my brother Paul f. must of be more than nine hundred dollar cause she use that money for sweet Home for almost two year . but then they hang my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he be not worth the same .. I wonder what be baby sugg worth ? and halle ? I be not surprised when I find out they track down sethe all the way to cincinatti . her price must have be higher than all of we - she be property that reproduce itself without cost . a breeder . stamp pay no use think this thing now . paul oh but we get to . how we gonna know we price in the future ? how be child 's child 's child gonna know what they cost ? who 's gonna tell they ? what be they gonna pay for we , if we free ? stamp pay Children be not gonna need to know that kind of thing . paul they will know . they will know as soon as they bear . Cause it 's inside we , stamp . it will be inside they . we will pass it down . schoolteacher do not just change the outside , he change the mind .. and the blood .. and what it carry ... and what it 's worth .. stamp pay I do not believe that . I will not . paul there be a rooster name mister down at sweet Home . last time I see halle , with that butter all over he face and I with a iron bit in my mouth , I see mister - sit on a tub . he love that tub . like king on a throne . he be a hateful thing . bloody and evil .. but he be better than I . mister be allow to be and stay what he be . even if you cook he you would be cooking a rooster name mister . but be not no way I would ever be Paul D. again .. schoolteacher change I . be never no beat under Mr. garner . schoolteacher change that . why would not a man run from that ? why would not a man not work , kill , starve , pull out he own heart to stop feel ' stead of feel that ? and it strike I , it 's get to be cause we be something else . and that something be less than a chicken sit in the sun on a tub . he drink . stamp pay I say I have two thing to say to you . I only tell you one . I have to tell you the other . paul I do not want to know . stamp pay I be there Paul D ... there in the yard . when she do it . paul what yard ? when who - and then Paul realize he 's talk of sethe . paul Jesus . stamp pay it be not what you think . paul you do not know what I think . stamp pay she be not crazy . she love that child . she be try to outhurt the hurter 's all . paul leave off .. stamp pay she be only - paul stamp , leave off I say ! I know she when she be a girl . she scare I and I know she when she be a girl ... stamp pay you be not scared of sethe . I do not believe you . paul she scare I . I scare I . and that girl in she house scare I . stamp pay who be she ? where she come from ? paul do not know . just shot up one day from a stump . stamp pay she what run you off ? not what I tell you ' bout sethe ? Paul think a moment . then , tear brim in he eye : paul tell I something , stamp . tell I this one thing . how much be a nigger suppose to take ? stamp pay all he can . all he can . paul why ? why ? why ? why ? why ? fade out ; fade in ; spring . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - morning . the sun shine on a warm April day ..a day abundant with growth and renew hope . but a shadow appear to be hover over 124 . it look more wear than before ... neglect , abuse . a break window ... the front door off it 's hinge ... a front step splinter and dangerous . int . 124 bluestone rd . - morning . camera open on the front hall and move through the house , revealing the same neglect inside ; Broken furniture , dusty floor , mess and disorder ... camera enter ; int . kitchen - morning . dirty pan , crust food on the table , window curtain hang askew ... sethe sit hunch over , asleep , in a chair against the wall . she wear a dirty , tear dress that hang on she body - which seem withere , frailer since we last see she ... in she lap lie a clean pretty dress she be in the process of sewing when she fall asleep from fatigue . a loud crash wake she up . follow by a loud frustrate yell . her face register fear . she realize where she be , what time it be ... and begin organize breakfast ... she place the dress neatly on the chair , then grab a cloth and wipe away the crumb and dirty plate from supper , place they in the sink ... she open a pantry cupboard to reveal bare shelve except for a single egg and a bowl of hominy grain about 1 / 4 full . she search in a panic for more food - anywhere - open cabinet , door - place that never store food . she realize there be none leave . int . denver' room - morning . Denver finish dress . she have be able to maintain a semblance of order about she person and room .. but as she step out into the second floor hallway , we see the same disarray as downstairs ... she pass by baby sugg 's old room and discover ; beloved , sprawle across the bed , half naked . her belly be huge , she body unwash . she look , and behave , like a wild animal ... a break lamp lie on the fall - push over by she leg as she shift in bed . her foot , overhange the bed , be still touch the bedside table where the lamp sit . she be awake now - make a small hole larger in baby sugg 's old quilt . denver you should not be in here ? belove jolt she head up to Denver . she do not like be look at unawares ... beloved what do you know about it ? I sleep where I want . denver you best leave that quilt alone . that be grandma 's quilt . belove look at Denver , then at the quilt - then abruptly tear the hole apart with one strong pull . triumphant , she get out of bed and exit , pass Denver ; beloved Breakfast ready ? I be hungry ! int . kitchen - morning . sethe have prepare all the food that be leave and place it on one plate which she set on the table . she stand at the stove , with she back to we , pick crust piece of food off the bottom of the pan . belove move straight to the chair in front of the place and begin to eat , shovel the food into she mouth . Denver see she mother covertly eat the burnt pan crumb , as she pretend to wash the dish . sethe Morning . denver Morning , mar 'am . sethe turn , not realize Denver be there as well . they eye meet . sethe wonder if she daughter see she eat the pan crumb . she smile ; sethe you hungry ? know there must be nothing leave , Denver answer ; denver no , mar 'am . sethe look relieved . denver I will finish that . why do not you sit down ? Denver cross to the dish , take the pan from she mother . sethe nod and cross to the table , to sit down . but as she sink into the chair , belove kick it away ; beloved you do not sit with I !! sethe baby , do not be like that . beloved you do not sit with I !! I do not sit with people who leave I ! sethe do not talk like that . you mama love you . beloved I have another dream last night . ( as she eat ) the dead man lay on top of I and I have nothing to eat . and the ghost without skin stick they finger in I and say belove in the dark and bitch in the light .. sethe do not say that thing . you forget about that dream .. beloved you give I the bad dream . you leave I behind ... sethe mama tell you - I would give up my own life , every minute , every hour of it to take back one of you tear baby ... my child my best thing . you my best thing ! beloved you be be not nice to I .. you do not smile at I .. sethe that 's not true . I tell you , I have to get you out , make you safe ... so 's you and I could be together on the other side , forever .. denver ma'am ... no one pay attention to Denver . beloved liar ! belove fling she plate at sethe , hit she hard across the eye .. the plate break ... denver mama ! sethe hold back Denver - I be fine .. you .. you go on upstairs . I will do the clean up . denver but mama .. sethe go upstairs I say !! sethe 's harsh tone be only for Denver . Denver exit the kitchen , afraid to leave they alone ... as she move from the kitchen , she hear ; beloved ( os ) I want something ' sweet . sethe ( os ) we do not have nothing sweet no more , baby . beloved ( os ) not for I , you do not ! you do not let I eat the pie ... sethe ( os ) no . since mama lose she job , we do not have no more pie .. Denver walk up the white stair ... int . baby sugg ' room - day . Denver have straighten up she grandmother 's room . clean away the break piece of the lamp . gather the remnant of the quilt .. she hold the quilt as she sit on the bed , face the headboard . she remembers : memory : int . baby sugg ' room - a day remembered . baby sugg , near death , lie in she bed , chuckle and cough ; baby sugg you mean I never tell you about you daddy ? about the bodwin who let I rent this here house while I do my shoe repair ? about you mother 's foot , not to mention she back ? I never tell you all that ? a nine year old denver shake she head . baby sugg be that why you can not walk down the step and out yonder by yourself ? Denver can not answer . baby sugg why you never go back to Lady jone 's and learn you letter ? you like go there I remember . see the other child . then all a sudden , you stop . denver there be a boy there ... say mama be a jailbird ... say he could prove it .. baby sugg face register the pain of she granddaughter , hurt by hurtful word . baby sugg my Jesus my ... what people will not say . why do not you come and ask I ? ( Denver shrug ) ' fraid I will tell ya , huh ? ( Denver look at she ) come here , child .. Denver crawl into she arm . baby sugg you get to go sometime . you get to go out there by yourself sometime . denver but you say ... you say out there , there be not no ... what be that word ?..no.. de - fense . no de -fense . baby sugg there be not . denver then what do I do ? baby sugg know it , and go on out the yard . go on . end of memory . int . baby sugg ' room - day . Denver have crawle up and snuggle against the pillow in the same position as when she be nine in she grandma 's arm . int . second floor landing - day . Denver have change into a clean , pretty dress and be approach the stair when she pass sethe 's room . it 's door be open . she look in .. sethe stand with she back to the door , clean up , wear she best dress and the hat she last wear to the carnival . Denver smile , hopefully ; denver mama ? sethe turn , startle , to reveal - it be beloved in sethe 's best clothes ... when belove see Denver , she smile tauntingly and strike a pose ... beloved I look just like she . disgust , Denver exit . int . kitchen - day . Denver walk down the stair , enter the kitchen ; sethe be on she knee , pick up piece of break plate . as she move the skin on she knee bleed as it scrape against piece too small to clean . denver mama let I help you . sethe no !... she want I to do it . sethe continue she work , without even look at Denver . Denver pause a moment , realize she be of no use here - but know she need to help she mother somehow . she look up to the kitchen , where every cupboard door be open revealing empty shelf ... she exit - heading for the front door . int . front hall - day . c.u . - front door . Denver 's hand slowly reach towards the door lock - and open it . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . Denver open the door , then push the break screen door off it 's hinge . she close the door behind she . she begin she walk from the porch to the road . the first time she 's ever go alone .. not know what she will face beyond the perimeter of she home . she reach bluestone Road and stop . she look in either direction and see not a soul . she take a breath . she begin to walk - to get help . a block from the house , two black men turn a corner and walk towards she . Denver stop , frighten , not know what to do . the two black men pass she , tipping they hat , say ; two black man Morning ... Morning .. and they walk by . Denver 's eye speak the gratitude she never get she mouth open in time to reply . heartened by the encounter , she pick up speed . ext . lady jone ' house - day . lady jone - a light -skin black woman with gray eye and yellow woolly hair - open the door to find Denver . lady jone why Denver .. look at you . Denver manage to smile . lady jone it 's be so long . it 's so nice of you to come see I . what bring you ? unfortunately , Denver can not manage anything beyond the smile . lady jone well , never mind - nobody need a reason to visit . let I make we some tea . come on . Lady Jones take she by the hand and lead she inside . int . lady jone ' house - day . tea thing sit on a table between they . Denver eat whatever she can . Lady Jones watch with care and concern . lady jone how 's you family , honey ? Denver swallow a bite of something with some tea , then ; denver I want to work , miss Lady . lady jone work ? start learnin you letter again ? denver no . I mean work work . lady jone well , what can you do ? denver I can not do anything but I would learn it for you if you have a little extra . lady jone extra ? denver food . my mama , she do not feel well . I could not stay away from she too long , cause of she condition but I could do chore in the morning . lady jone oh baby ... I do not know anyone could pay anybody anything for work they do themselves ... but if you all need to eat until you mother 's well , all you have to do be say so ... we have a church committee invent so nobody have to go hungry . denver no .. no that will not do ... Lady Jones can sense something far more serious be go on . int . 124 bluestone rd./ kitchen - day . Denver bring four egg , some rice and some tea onto the kitchen table . sethe 's eye well up . she look at Denver as if for the first time . her face a expression of gratitude . suddenly ; beloved ( os ) raaain !!! raaaain ! sethe and Denver rush out of the kitchen to see ; beloved run through the room , claw at she throat , cause it to bleed ... sethe baby ! sethe and Denver rush towards into the keep room . sethe stumble over a chair to get to belove , kneel on the floor , rip at she own neck ... Denver get she from behind and sethe grab she from the front , pin she down - try to stop she from hurt herself . belove scream and strike out at sethe , pull she hair , claw at she as well ... ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . Denver exit the house because she see something unusual in the yard ; Pov - the stump ; on the same stump that belove first appear , sit a basket of egg . Denver cross to it , lift it and a paper flutter to the ground . she read it ; M. lucille william ... ext . M. lucille william house - day . Denver return the empty basket to M. Lucille Williams . denver thank you . M. lucille william you welcome .. int . 124 bluestone rd . - day . belove eat ravenously from a bowl of white bean . sethe sit in the corner , as if wait to serve she ... ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day upon the stump , sit a plate of cold rabbit meat , which Denver bring inside . int . grace's house - day . Denver be return a bowl to Grace , a friendly woman . grace no , darling . that 's not my bowl . mine 's get a blue ring around it .. would you like to come in a spell ? int . 124 bluestone rd . - day . belove sleep curl up on the kitchen floor after eat - she mouth still dirty from the meal ... sethe , unwash , she hair uncomb , sit in she corner chair . she be try to mend a tear dress . Denver eat a little from the latest neighborhood gift . she hear she mother mumble to herself like a madwoman . sethe nobody ..no sir .. that 's right .. nobody 's go be do that .. nobody go be write my daughter 's characteristic on the animal side .. no sir .. I do not care .. be not lay that down .. no sir . I refuse .. that 's right .. that 's right ... denver mama ... mama she 's asleep . why do not you eat something . sethe she like this dress ... denver but you will hurt you eye doin it there . come sit at the table . sethe consider this . she rise cautiously , then sit at the table . Denver rise and get she some food , place it before she . denver please mama , eat something ... sethe nod ... Denver be get more and more frighten of lose she mother completely ... instead of protect belove from sethe , she must protect she mother from belove . ext . the bodwin be house ; back door - day . a white family home in a white Ohio neighborhood . janey wagon , a benevolent black servant woman , open the back door for Denver . janey yes ? denver May I come in ? janey what you want ? denver I want to see Mr. and Mrs. bodwin . janey miss bodwin . they brother and sister , darlin . denver oh. janey what you want them for ? denver I be look for work . I be think they might know of some . janey ( smile ) you baby sugg 's kin , be not you ? denver yes mar 'am . janey I hear you mother take sick , that so ? denver yes mar 'am .. janey well , come on in . you let in fly . int . the bodwin be house - day . the house be fill with book and pearl white lamp and glass case fill with glisten thing . Denver push she foot into the soft blue carpet as she sit with janey . janey you know what ? I have be here since I be fourteen and I remember like yesterday when baby sugg , holy , come here and sit right where you be . whiteman name of garner bring she . he and Mr. bodwin be good friend . that 's how she get that house you all live in . other thing too . denver yes mar 'am . janey I never go to that woodland service but she be always nice to I . always . never be another like she . denver I miss she . janey Bet you do . everybody miss she . that be a good woman ... well , I do not know whether the bodwin think it or not but they sure could use some extra help . denver ( hopeful ) ya think ? janey they get older now and I can not take care of them like I use to . more and more they keep ask I to sleep over night . now , I do not want to quit this people but they can not have all my day and night too . I get my own family need I . it will take some convincing but maybe you could come after supper - take care of you mama during the day , then earn a little something at night , how 's that ? denver Fine . but what would I do at night ? janey be here . in case . denver in case of what ? janey in case the house burn down or bad weather slop the road so bad I can not get here on time or late guest need clean up after . anything . ( laugh ) do not ask I what whitefolk need at night . during janey 's line , Denver look about the house imagine herself here at night ... she eye happen upon a statue of a black boy on he knee , he head throw back farther than a head could go , he mouth wide open like a cup and fill with money for delivery tip . on the pedestal be the word ' at yo service ; denver they good whitefolk ? janey oh yeah . they good . can not say they be not good . I would not trade they for another pair , tell you that . but you come back in a few day - give I a chance to lead them to it . all right ? Denver nod , beam gratefully - so gratefully that no word come , only tear ... janey reach for Denver 's hand and hold it warmly ; janey what be it , child ? what 's the trouble with sethe ? Denver look at she and we know she need to tell someone . int . ella' house - day . ella have gather all the woman of the town for a meeting include Lady Jones , janey wagon , M. Lucille Williams , Grace ; grace but be it really the daughter , janey ? the kill one ? janey that what she say . M. lucille william how they know it 's she ? ella it 's sit there . sleep , eat and raise hell . whipping sethe every day . grace I will be . a baby ? janey no. grown now . the age it would have be have it live . grace in the flesh . and whipping she . M. lucille william guess she have it come a little . ella nobody get that come . M. lucille william but ella - you can not just up and kill you child . ella no , and the child can not just up and kill the mama . what 's fair be not necessarily right ... ( the woman listen ) now you all know how I feel about the whole thing . I know the rage sethe feel in that shed that day . we all do . but what I could not understand , and still do not , be she reaction to it . prideful . too damn complicated for a black woman in she position before God . but whatever she do , I do not like the idea of past error take possession of the present . I do not cotton to sin move in on a house , unleash and sassy . every day life take enough , take all a woman have . " sufficient unto the day be evil thereof " and nobody need more . nobody need a grow up evil sit at a table with a grudge . as long as that ghost show itself from a ghostly place , I respected it . but once it take on flesh and come into this world , well , the shoe 's on the other foot now . I do not mind a little communication between world . but this here 's a invasion . the woman agree . grace should we pray ? ella uh-huh . first . then we get to get down to business . int . 124 bluestone RD. : kitchen - day later . Denver come down the stair , enter the kitchen . sethe , wear out , look more beat and ravage than before , stand at the sink with a ice pick chopping up ice . Denver speak to she , but she do not turn or acknowledge she . denver mama ?.... mama I be go out .. ( no response ) mama , I get a job . work over at the bodwin at night . Mr. bodwin come over now to pick I up on he way back from town . I will be stay there night and come back here for the daytime . we will have some money , mama .. mama ? sethe continue she action as if hypnotize . Denver approach she from behind and whisper softly ; denver I be go help you , mama . do not you give up yet . Denver touch she gently , but sethe act as if she hear and feel nothing . Denver exit . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - late that day . Denver be sit on the stump wait for Mr. bodwin when she hear ; thirty women , gather together , walk up bluestone rd. towards 124 , singing a holy song ; Denver be amaze by the sight as the woman position themselves right in front of 124 - armed with bible , crucifix and whatever other symbol of heavenly power they could find . int . 124 bluestone rd ; the keeping room - day . sethe be rub a naked belove 's forehead with a cool cloth fill with ice , when the two woman hear the sing . belove rise first and move to the window to see . ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . the woman continue sing . CUT to : ext . further down bluestone rd . - day . mr . bodwin , sit on a wagon pull by a horse , be riding toward 124 when he hear the sing as well . we notice that mr . bodwin be wearing a hat similar to the one schoolteacher wore on that fateful day . CUT back to : ext . 124 bluestone rd . - day . the woman continue sing as : sethe and belove , she belly as big as a pregnant woman 's , exit the house . the woman be stunne by the sight and slightly confuse by the lack of fear between the woman . sethe be hold belove 's hand . belove be smile brightly at the beautiful sing . Denver look to she mother ; tear run down sethe 's face but she be not cry . the sound of the woman 's voice wash over she like a baptism . she look to all the woman , face she remember , face she have miss although up until this moment be not conscious of miss . then , sethe look beyond the woman and see : mr. bodwin approaching in he wagon . she sees mr. bodwin wearing a hat that look like schoolteacher . sethe 's expression turn to fear , then rage . in she ravage mind , she think it be schoolteacher come back ... sethe no ... no , he 's not come into my yard . he not take my best thing ... no .. she release belove 's hand and move forward ... sethe no...no ...no .. denver mama ? she pass Denver , feel for the ice pick in her apron . sethe no ...no.. no.. noooooooooooo ! as Mr. bodwin reach the thirty woman who separate he from 124 . he eye focus in wonder on the naked beloved as ; sethe run toward he and the women , her hand extended holding the ice pick .. denver mama ... nooooooo ! denver run after her . sethe reach the women and lunge for bodwin but the women seize her , creating a hill of black people . sethe rising to the top , her hand extended . denver reaching her from behind , pulling her back and punching her out cold as the body fall around they .... belove watch from the house - watch sethe attack and defend with the ice pick . and something within she be resolve . for a moment , we see a calm spirit instead of a wild animal . and a tear upon she face .. then , just as quickly , she sprint around the side of the house and disappear from view . the woman try to help sethe as Denver cry for she mother . Mr. bodwin look on stunne . wide angle - of a naked black woman with a full belly running through a OPEN field , reaching the wood then disappearing into the tree ...... fade out ; fade in : ext . richmond ST . - day . week later . Paul D. be on he way to work when he see ; a poise , confident Denver walk in the opposite direction . she spot he and smile ; denver good morning , Paul D. Paul be clearly impressed by the sight of she . paul well , be it now ? how you get along ? denver do not pay to complain . paul you on you way home ? denver no . get I a afternoon job at the shirt factory . figure between that and my night work at the bodwin I might be able to put something away for I and mama . paul they treat you right over at the bodwin ? denver more than all right . miss bodwin , she teach I stuff .. Book stuff . she say I might go to oberlin . she 's experiment on I . Paul smile - want to warn she but decide not to spoil the possibility that lay before she . paul you mother all right ? denver no . not a bit all right . have not get out of bed since that day . paul you think I should stop by ? think she would welcome it ? denver I do not know . I think I have lose my mother , Paul D. silence . paul that girl ... you know , belove ... denver yes ? paul she go like they say ? denver have not see she since that day . ella think she might be wait in the wood for another chance but .. I do not think so . mama think she 's go for good . say she can feel it . paul you think she sure ' nough you sister ? denver at time . at other time I think she be ... more . but who would know that better than you . I mean , you sure ' nough you she . she level she eye at he and he know what she mean . paul well , if you want my opinion ... denver I do not . I have my own . paul you grow . denver yes sir paul well , good luck with the job . denver thank you . they pass each other until Denver turn back ; denver and Paul d... you do not have to stay ' way , but be careful how you talk to my mama , hear ? paul I will . Paul watch she walk away . he watch as a young black man run towards she shouting ; young man hey , miss Denver .. wait up ! he watch as the two young people , the future , walk together . int . 124 bluestone rd . - day . Paul enter the house and hear humming . he walk towards the keep room , whose door be ajar ; int . keeping room - day . sethe lie in bed with the remnant of baby sugg 's quilt over she , as she hum she melody and look out of the window . paul sethe ? sethe ( turn to he ) Paul D. she look like she 's die . paul aw , sethe . he approach she . sethe you shave . paul yeah . look bad ? sethe no , you look good . paul Devil 's confusion . what 's this I hear about you not get out of bed ? ( no response ) I see Denver . she tell you ? sethe she come in the daytime . she still with I , my Denver . paul ( nervous ) you get to get up from here , girl . sethe I be tired , Paul . so tired . I have to rest a while . paul ( get upset , shout ) do not you die on I !! this be baby sugg quilt . be that what you plan !? sethe oh , I do not have no plan . no plan at all . paul look - Denver be here in the day . I be here in the night . I be a take care of you , you hear ? start now . sethe look at he - a long look - and see in he that thing , that blessedness , " that make he the kind of man who can walk into a house and make woman cry , make woman tell he thing they could only tell each other " . paul what , baby ? sethe ( cry ) she leave I . she 's go again . paul aw , girl . do not cry ... I and you , we get more yesterday than anybody . we need some kind of tomorrow ... sethe she be my best thing . Paul lean down and take she hand , entwine he finger into hers ... paul you you best thing , sethe . you be . sethe smile , with tear in she eye , look almost surprised ; sethe I ?... me? ext . the clearing - a day out of time . a beautiful , sunny day . the clear be full . everyone look bright and hopeful . dress in bright , summer clothes ... a robust baby sugg be on she rock give she best call , as camera pan the crowd of face eager to believe .... baby sugg .. the only grace we can have , be the grace we can imagine . if you can not see it , you will not have it ... here , in this place , we be flesh . flesh that weep , laugh , dance on bare foot in the grass . Love it . Love it hard . yonder they do not love you flesh . they despise it . they flay it . o , my people , they do not love you hand . that they only use , tie , bind , chop off and leave empty , Love you hand . Love they . raise they up and kiss they . touch other with they , put they together , stroke they on you face ' cause they do not love that either . you get to love it . you . yonder out there , they be not in love with you moth . they will see it break and break it again . what you say out of it , they will not heed . what you scream from it they do not hear . no , they do not love you mother . you get to love it . and the foot that need to rest and to dance . the back that need support . the shoulder that need arm , strong arm I be tell you ! o my people , out yonder they do not love you neck unnoose and straight . so love you neck ; put a hand on it , grace it , stroke it and hold it up . Love all you inside part , love them .. and the beat heart , love that too . more than eye or foot . more than lung that have yet to draw free air , love you heart . for this be the prize . and with she twisted , break old body baby sugg begins to dance and twirl up on her rock . and the crowd give she music , singing in four part harmony . camera pan the crowd of beautiful face sing together . among the crowd , we see familiar face ... we see the women who sang at 124 ... we stamp pay , ella , JOHN , and lady jone ... and we see sethe , surrounded by all her child . fade out . the end