" the secret of the planet of the ape " ( work title ) " escape from the planet of the ape " ( release title ) originel screenplay by plul dehn base on character create by Pierre boulle apjac production Inc . first draft 234 234 revised - 10/21/70 " escape from the planet of the ape " from black screen SHOCK -cut to : a silent detonation of white light which build to a blind , nuclear intensity . CUT to : int . orbiting spaceship through whose window the same light lividly illuminate three space- suite and helmete astronaut -- afraid and curiously hesitant at the control . we establish a dual date meter show the year in term both of " earth time " and " self - time " . both panel read : 3955 . astronaut 1 ( male ) be we wise ... ? astronaut 2 ( male ) we be agree . whoever win the war , there be no place on Earth for we . we have escape . astronaut 1 ( male ) and where be we escape ? astronaut 3 ( female ) ( briskly ) probably to we death . but just possibly -- out p.o.v. shot - earthas rim whiten to incandescence and a soundless explosion send a column of fire and cloud mushroom up towards we . spaceship appall silence . through the ship 's window the astronaut be watch ( and we with they ) the nuclear ' disintegration of Earth . in awed voice : astronaut 2 the fool have finally destroy themselves . astronaut 1 Earth be dead . astronaut 3 and we live . cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/20/70 2 3 - cont . 4 a - 4 the spaceship begin to shudder . astronaut 2 but for how long ? here come the shock wave . the shock wave of the huge , megatonic explosion hit the spaceship from below . Chaos and pandemonium inside . we multiply normal air turbulence a thousandfold and be bashed , buffete , whirle , twirle , lift a hundred mile and drop fifty , before slowly flatten out to some semblance of equilibrium on ( presumably ) anew orbit . the date meter digit under " earth time " have begin to click and race erratically . meanwhile , the bright , white light of Earth 's final holocaust have slowly fade , as the spaceship 's window fog and blacken . all that can now be hear be frenzied static on the ship 's radio . the static begin to cross -fade into ( unbelievably yet unmistakably ! ) a single human voice . voice ..- further student rioting on the campus today at Berkeley univ ... ( static ) «»-police be stand by to ... more static , then the radio go dead . astronaut 2 he 's speak we language ! I do not understand ... but we , perhaps , begin to . for we notice that the " earth time " year-digit on the spaceship 's date meter have be simultaneously click back from 3955 to 1973 . astronaut 2 the shock must have ... unbalance the mechanism . I still do not understand . he be look at : illuminated panel labele " automatic re-entry sequence " across it curve the descend graphline which trace optimum re-entry path . beneath it be three dial . now ( to the roar of release rocket propellant and the waver of dial - pointer ) computer - control light - dot begin to trace the spacecraft 's actual re-entry cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 3 a- 4 cont. path , which sometimes slightly deviate to leave or right of the graphline but always approximately follow its course . astronaut 2 we have be force out of orbit . astronaut 1 ( look at panel ) we be descend . astronaut 3 but where ? and indeed the spaceship be be pull gravitationally back into the atmosphere of : earth - aerial shot - the pacific ocean - dusk we be watch it from the p.0.v. of a U.S. Marine helicopter pilot fly on normal coastal reconnaissance duty ; and the coast itself ( as plane bank to include it ) be California . all be peaceful , empty and desert . until ... pilot mildly react to a object beach on the tideline far below . his prop-blade louden as he go into a steep investigatory dive . from pilot' p.0.v . we zoom towards the float and still - unopen spaceship . int . pilot' cabin as he flatten off and reascend : pilot ( radio-reporting ) Tower , this be Red Baron five . I have a object beach on the tideline -- uh -- seemingly one of we spacecraft . coordinate be southeast corner of sector Alpha Charlie . relay this to appropriate recovery force . please alert Red Baron ops and I will squawk Channel two for radar fix . cuT to : revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 3- a 9 int . tower duty officer ( on phone ) rescue , we have Red Baron five report of possible spacecraft wash ashore in southeast sector Alpha Charlie . immediately launch two copter to effect pickup and recovery . base radar will vector you chopper to the location . he pick up second phone and dial . duty officer the Colonel , please . 10 - out 12 a - 12 int . colonel' office colonel ( into phone ) I do not even know we have anything up . ... okay , I '1 ] 1 call Washington . 13 office in WASHINGTON 3 -star general brody stand against wall map of splashdown area and bark into phone . brody no serial number ? ... well , it may have be burnt out on re-entry . .. no , neither do i. I 'l ] check with deputy director , NASA , and call you back . he cut the call to initiate a new one . 14 ouT 15 office at cape kennedy intercutting deputy director with brody in Washington . deputy director ( civilian ) ( patiently ) General brody , I be tell you ... we have no spacecraft up . cont. 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 4 15 cont. brody ( irritably ) you be tell I that what never go up can not come down . and I be tell you it just have . and now I be go to tell the President . 16 - we CUT to : a - 16 17 white house office 18 - b- 18 bb - 18 the president be a articulate , unruffled professional politician with a flair for irony . into phone : president let we hope and pray that you be right , General . but I think we should be alert to a remoter possibility : that the Russians retrieve one of we miss space - ship and reman it with astronaut who have now accidentally splash down in we own territorial water . in the event they be still alive , I suggest you order the helicopter to lift the spaceship out of the ocean unopen ... you have ? good . then should not be open until land at air base under armed military surveillance . ( drily ) and General . this be not for the network . CUT to : we int . tower - duty officer and staff from squawk box we hear : voice ( filter ) rescue squadron approach base one seven five point three . spaceship secure and in tow . request landing procedure . we hear the hum of 0.8. helicopter ( 's ) approach . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 5 bb - 18 cont . duty officer Roger . approach north runway seven point eight seven . actual set-down in area south of hangar B. CUT to : c-18 inside spaceship its window still fogge and blacken ; its occupant still helmete . muffled helicopter hum behind : astronaut 1 we be prisoner . astronaut 3 yes -- but whose ? astronaut 1 the voice speak we language . at least they have Intelligence . astronaut 2 ( urgently ) then at least let we conceal we own intelligence from we captor . until we have they measure , we safety lie in silence . CUT to : p- 18 out 19 ext , airfield - night ( 7 ) helicopter hum louden . from a large open truck in f.g. ( flanke by marine with rifle at the ready ) we hear and then see the copter approach . copter 2 land . copter 1 deposit spaceship in rear of truck and fly out of shot . truck move off and we follow it through a " corridor " of armed marine into : 20 int . hangar where the colonel , a captain ( Officer of the Day ) and armed escort be wait . the hangar door clang shut . we stay on colonel and captain , still tensely wait , as appropriate SOUND effect herald : a- 20 the open of the spaceship' hatch we helmete astronaut emerge ; descend ; and draw they - selve up , line abreast , face : 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 6 b-20 colonel and captain colonel welcome , gentleman . then both they face stiffen in aghast astonishment , as we : CuT to : 21 from there p.o.v , . - the astronaut unhelmeted they be all chimpanzee . one of they ( milo ) be a character new to we series . the other two be cornelius and he wife zira . 22 closeup - a red telephone Silent for a beat . then its ring stab the silence . it continue ringing until a presidential hand pick it up , when music ( urgently suggestive of morse code ) hit : title and credit over this we see a : 23 montage A. secret Communications : green phone , purple phone , scrambler , hectic switchboard , yard of telex in cipher , sheave of memo en clair - the lot ! B. at Air base : gate lock , furlough cancel , perimeter guard double , as also " keep out " security sign . montage end , as : 24 . out 25 26 ext . colonel and captain who be carry a large paper bag , as they walk past hq building . colonel do you call the Zoo ? cont . 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " ~ 10/23/70 7 26 cont . 27 28 captain yes , sir . we be in luck . the sick bay 's almost empty except for a maul fox cub , a deer with pneumonia , ea depressed gorilla and a camel . the ape will be hide from the public . they will be quarantine . if they want medical attention , it 's available on the spot . and the expert can start give they the once - over first thing in the morning . General brody 's very pleased . colonel I , too . can not have a lot of monkey make mess in the Guard House . have we feed they ? like raw steak or something . captain the Zoo tell I that chimpanzee , like all ape , be vegetarian , sir . colonel good God . captain ( indicate paper bag ) they suggest orange . they have reach : ext . guard house whose door be unlock by a obviously shake Guard Commander ( sergeant ) . colonel what 's the matter , sergeant ? sergeant helplessly usher they into : int . guard house it 's rear section ( behind bar ) be furnish with austere but serviceable bed , chair , table and a wash sink with plate and cutlery in rack above . on the floor : a capacious rawhide valise , from which zira ( glove and shod ) have extract a robe into which she be change . her discard space suit lie et she foot . milo and cornelius have already change . they space suit be hang neatly from wall hook . at colonel be entry , milo and cornelius rise courteously to they foot , while zira struggle hastily into she robe . from the threshold : cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 8 28 cont . colonel ( automatically ) Excuse I . I do not mean to disturb ... ( aghast to Captain ) what be I say ? captain they're ... pretend to dress . colonel what d' you mean , pretend ? they be dress . where would they get that clothes ? sergeant ( indicate valise ) they bring they with they , sir . ( gulp ) in a suitcase . colonel suit ...? ( with a effort ; to Captain ) greg , give they they orange . captain advance cautiously with paper bag . 2g master shot we hold colonel and sergeant talk in f.g. , while captain proffer orange ( which the trio gracefully accept ) in b.g . zira , hold she orange , have go straight to the sink rack , from which she take three plate , three knife and three fork . colonel ( not notice ; to sergeant ) arrange prisoner escort for 1630 hour ... zira distribute plate and cutlery to milo and cornelius . to captain 's astonishment , the ape draw up chair and sit round the table . colonel ( not notice ; to sergeant ) we be send they to the Zoo infirmary . - 34 cont. revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 8- a ey cont . the ape start meticulously quartering they orange on they plate with they knife . colonel ( still to sergeant ) they will have company . there 's a gorilla in the next cage . zira , overhear this , react violently ; rise , pick up she plate and hurl it to the ground . colonel ( look round at last now why the hell do it do that ? the full implication of the plate and the knife only strike he as we : CUT to : 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 9 30 a- 30 we int . zoo infirmary - night we start on close shot of the deer with pneumonia , cradle under ultraviolet lamp which ( as we pull back ) prove to be the huge , clinically furnish room 's only light source -- for the sick animal must get they rest . we pan past a recumbent camel and maul fox cub , into whose small sleep pody the rubber tube of a suspend flask be intravenously drip plasma ; and end on a white - coat keeper ( with flashlamp ) inspect we ape trio , now install in one of two large , contiguous cage at the dim room 's center : straw for they to lie on ; a bowl of water for drink ; and a generous supply of orange and bananas , one of which he cautiously proffer to zira through the bar , while playfully patting she head . zira reject the banana and slep he face . taken aback but still amicably : keeper have it you own way , mate . clang ! he lock they in and exit . when the light from he flashlamp have fade to near- darkness , we hear a outer door more distantly lock . zira ( outrage whisper to cornelius ) I be not he mate . I be yours . cornelius Zira , please control yourself . I think they be try to be kind . zira this cage stink of gorilla . she sit down disconsolately on the straw . instantly cornelius sit by she and take she hand . in undertone : zira cornelius -- where be we ? what 's happen ? cornelius helplessly shrug . from the shedow , very softly : milo I know where we be . I know what have happen . zira and cornelius stare at he . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/7/70 9 - F a-30 cont . b-30 c-30 milo in some fashion -- and I lack the intellect to know precisely how -- we have travel from Earth 's future into Earth 's past . cornelius but we see Earth destroy . milo and Earth will be destroy -- just as we see it . only , since see it , we have pass through @ ... backward disturbance in time -- do you notice the date meter click down after the shock wave hit we ship ? -- and we have return to Earth almost two thousand year before its destruction . ( solemnly ) that be another reason for keep silence . we human captor would not be edify to know that , one day , they world will crack like a egg and fry to a cinder , because of a ape war of aggression . his low tone have become just emphatic enough to disturb : gorilla in next cage it shift , grunt and whimper uneasily . back to scene the trio react . we close to : milo ape , at this instant in time , can not yet talk . for the moment , we should follow they example . fade out revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 10 fade in 31 ext . zoo - misty morning shot ( 6:00 a.m . ) we hear occasional call of a tropical early bird , and close to two human early bird : lewis dixon , a young animal psychiatrist , and he pretty ( female ) research assistant , stevie . as they walk : lewis ( feel in pocket ) the driver bring a report from the Air base . ( scan it ) the usual imitatory behavior .... mimick salute ... hand - shaking ..- bit on chair ... eat off plate with knife ... but -- he hesitates . stevie what , Lewis ? lewis there be a sort of rawhide valise in the ship . stevie with food ? lewis no -- clothes . stevie , they change into they . we have reach the infirmary 's main ( open ) door which they enter after show pass to 2 soldier on guard outside . stevie ( undertone ) join the Army and see the Zoo ... CUT to : 32 ape ' cage where keeper be already on duty , sweeping debris clear of intelligence test apparatus . lewis hi , Arthur . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 10 - a 32 cont . arthur hi , Dr. dixon .... miss stevie . we ape survey they stonily . arthur ( finger bruise on cheek ) the female 's a bit uppity , sir . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 il 32 cont . lewis okay , I will be careful . set up the Wisconsin multiphasic . this be a screen which can be lower and raise ( like @ window shade ) between the investigator on one side and the subject on the other . zira wink knowledgeably at cornelius , who wink back . milo gesture they into more discreet behavior . keeper set up apparatus during : lewis ( to stevie ) unless the spacecraft be remotely control , they must have be condition to press at least some of the right button . they can not be moron . ( to keeper ) the female first , Arthur . and set up tic-tac-toe . to everyone 's surprise and keeper 's reliet , zira promptly squat down on she side of the raise screen . the hyper - cautious milo disapprovingly shake he head . lewis she know this one . all right -- let 's make it difficult . he lower screen and display a single red cube for three second before reraise screen to mask zira 's view . when he lower it again , he be simultaneously display a blue pyramid , a green cone , a yellow sphere , @ blue cube , a red octohedron and the red cube . zira instantly select the red cube , which she offer courteously back to lewis . lewis give a astonished whistle ; reward zira with a handful of raisin , which she promptly eat ; and stevie retrieve she notepad which have fall from she hand . lewis ( indicate screen to stevie ) you can take that away . stevie I will say . lewis tic-tac- toe , arthur. ( indicate cornelius ) with that male . cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 11 - a 32 cont.1 cornelius , in obedience to a warning glance from milo , permit himself to be lead by the keeper 's hand to one side of the tic-tac - toe screen . zira be already seat enthusiastically at the other , ready to press panel - button combination which will dictate the positioning of the nought and cross ; and after a brief skirmish with cornelius , zira achieve a row of nought . whereat she rise to she foot , clasp she hand above she head like a boxer acknowledge victory and retire to a corner , where she sit in triumph on one of a half - a- dozen oddly construct wooden box . lewis ( reward Zira with raisin ) get she off that box , arthur. ( determine to win ) we be go to need it . keeper cautiously approach zira , who put a hand on he proffer arm and graciously rise -- while stevie scatter the box about the cage and put a banana well out of zira 's reach between the upper bar . this be a test unfamiliar to zira , who respond to its challenge . she speculatively eye the banana ; then stoops to prowl among the box , which she carefully examine without touch they . then she straighten +. and think . the tension be insupportable . suddenly zira , move into action , interlock all the box so that they form a somewhat eccentric staircase lead to the banana . have do so , she fold she arm and smugly stand at the " staircase 's " foot . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/2/70 11 - B 32 cont.2 stevie why do not she climb ? zira because I loathe and detest bananas . ' cornelius Zira ! as though in a slow nightmare , stevie sag and faint . somehow , lewis catch she and lower she to the cage floor . somehow , keeper sluice water from the ( refill ) drink bowl over she upturn face . as she recover : lewis ( sweat ) help I get she away . I 'l ] come back . jointly support stevie , they leave the cage , which keeper lock . we stay with : 33 ape trio milo Zira , be you mad ? cornelius Dr. milo , please do not call my wife mad . milo ( evenly ) I do not call she mad . I merely ask she if she be . and I repeat the question . ( to Zira ) be you mad ? zira I hate deceit . milo there be a time for truth and a time , not for lie , but for silence . until we know who be we friend and who we enemy -- zira and how in the name of God be we to know that , unless we communicate ? we can speak . so I speak . milo we can also listen ... cont. 234 234 revised - '' the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/2/70 11-c 33 cont. cornelius to a lot of psychiatric small talk -- milo and we can watch ... cornelius a display of primitive apparatus -- zira ( kick the apparatus ) primitive ? it 's prehistoric . it could not test the intelligence of a newt . she kick the apparatus again , and it collapse . the gorilla in the next cage give a disturb grunt . cornelius Zira , calm yourself -- zira I be caln . she knock another piece of apparatus endway . now even milo 's self - control snap . he stalk to the side bar and ( with eye screw shut in frustration ) briefly but fiercely shake they before spin round , with back press against the bar , to glare at he two tormentor . we shoot at and past he into the next cage where the gorilla now shamble to its foot and slowly advance from b.g. , during : milo stop argue . it 's too late for that . his body mask the gorilla 's crouch and stealthy approach from they -- but not from we . milo stop argue and start think . now that they know we can speak , how much shall we tell they ? how -- zira ( scream ) milo-o-o! through the bar , two hairy hand converge on milo 's throat and strangle he to death . the roaring of the gorilla , the throttle cry of milo and zira 's scream combine to launch : 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 12 34 36 montage - ( stock ? ) shot of alarmed bird and beast as panic briefly infect the Zoo. e.g. , a sleep owl . open huge eye ; crane cry ; mallard take off from pool ; seal cough ; ape gibber ; tiger snarl ; lion roar , and elephant trumpet . we might ( instead of separate each cry ) overlay sound cumulatively so that each new noise be add to its predecessor , as we build visually and aurally toa massive and bestial crescendo before time dissolving ack tos the cage the " panic™ be over . outside , two official confer in murmur with lewis . as keeper 1 and 2 lift a blankete stretcher and carry milo 's body out of shot : official 1 we shall want a full autopsy ... official 2 with particular emphasis on the cranial and oral area . official 1 keep he in cold storage till the report 's in . then send he to taxidermy . ( wryly ) he 's a museum piece . a low moan turn everyone 's head towards the cage 's interior . zira sit crouch in a corner , she head in she hand and rock from side to side . cornelius be comforting she . lewis ( to official ) I would better do this alone . they nod and leave . lewis enter the cage ; look compassionately at the two huddle ape , the straw , the orange peel , the bananas , the abandon intelligence test apparatus . lewis ( gently ) we mean you no harm , silence and stillness . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 13 35 - cont . 6 3 lewis do you understand ? we mean you no harm . slowly and bitterly , zira point a ironic and accuse finger at the next cage , where a anesthetize and chain gorilla slump in the shadow . lewis but he be not we . he 's you own kind . zira ( angrily on she foot in a flash ) he 's a gorilla . as cornelius soothes she : lewis I mean he 's of you own genus . he 's a ape. look . you do not have to be afraid . we have put he in chain and under sedation . do you understand that ? zira I should . I have be do it half my life to human . lewis ( dumbfounded ) human ? zira ( as though this explain everything ) I be a psychiatrist . a second shock . lewis cover daze eye with he hand and , after a struggle , regains he self - control . lewis so be I . and I mean you no harn . cornelius ( at last ) we know that . lewis , over one hurdle , exhales . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 14 35 - cont.1 36 lewis do you have a name ? cornelius my name be cornelius . and this be Zira -- my wife . lewis mine be Lewis -- Lewis dixon . he diffidently extend a hand . cornelius take it . zira do not . lewis where do you come from ? cornelius and zira exchange glance . cornelius Dr. milo know . lewis Doctor -- ? zira and you kill he . cornelius nonsense , dear . the gorilla kill he . lewis ( sweat ) from where do Dr. milo know you come ? cautious silence . lewis from where ? after a beat : cornelius ( cryptically ) from we present -- back into yours . lewis frown in pardonable puzzlement . then helplessly : lewis nobody 's go to believe it . cont . 234 no revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/21/70 15 35 - cont.2 36 37 cornelius believe what ? lewis that primitive ape can talk . zira ( furious ) primitive ? lewis ( quick smile ) I mean that in we ' primitive ' civilization , ape just do not talk . I mean I think it 's important that , when we ' primitive ' security precaution be lift , the first time you say something in public you should talk to what we ' primitively ' call the right people . zira give he a long , search look ... and smile . zira can I say something in private ? lewis ( smile back ) please . zira I like you . lewis look gratefully from she to : cornelius I do from the beginning . CUT to : white house office round a long table the president meet he service chief of staff and a scientific advisor , dr . hasslein -- a tall , dominate university professor with pale , fanatical eye . cont. 16 37 cont. president gentlemen , I be aware that what I have to tell you may create a credibility gap somewhat wider than the Grand Canyon . Nonetheless it be true . we pan expectant face and return to : president the U.S. spaceship , which splash down off the South California coast yesterday , be one of the two which be lose in outer space more than @ year ago . to be exact , the one command by Colonel Taylor . astonishment , but as yet no incredulity . army have they identify the body , Mr. President ? president ( kind of enjoy himself ) they have identify three -- ah -- body . all live ... ( sensation ) ..- at the time of they rescue , though by a unhappy accident one be kill early this morning in the Los Angeles Zoo . navy ( aside to Army ) 200 ? AIR force what would astronaut be do in a z00 ? president they be not astronaut , General faulkner . they be ape . the service chief jerk back in they chair as though strike . only hasslein lean forward . president chimpanzee , to be precise . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 17 37 cont.1 stun silence , president they be harmless , friendly and by all report extremely intelligent and sophisticated creature -- but , be animal , they cannot of course tell we where the ship come from or how they get into it . I have there - fore decide to convene a presidential Commission of inquiry in Los Angeles tomorrow , consist of lead expert in all field relevant to a situation whose implication -- whether zoological , biological , psychological , medical , mathematical , historical , physical or even spiritual -- be numberless . the two survive ape will be produce for the Commission 's inspection . the Press and the media will be invite to attend but not participate . I see no reason any longer to conceal this extraordinary discovery from the rest of the world . cuT to : 38 montage - the story break - on BBC tv News at ten - if possible , after its dramatic identificatory zoom to Big Ben 's clock dial , which sound the first stroke of the hour . british newscaster ( very restrain ) one of the two american spaceship , believe until now to have disinte - grate in orbit , splash down unexpectedly in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Southern California today ... ( map in b.g. illustrate ) «-.and be state to have be manned ... if you can call it ' manned ' «.- bdy monkey . - less and less restrainedly on german , french and japanese tv . - finally , on american tv : cont . 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 18 38 cont . q - 0 a - 40 al U.S. newscaster ( very unrestrained ) ape-onaut hijack lose spaceship ! montage end . quick time dissolve to : we ext . los angele federal build - MAIN door we pull back to include impose v.i.p. 's filing in ; and pick out dr . hasslein be nobble by : tv reporter Dr. hasslein -- as the President 's senior scientific adviser , what do you expect to experience from this historic meeting ? a pause . then , turn to look straight into tv camera : hasslein fear . SMALL side room which will open into the main amphitheater . lewis and stevie , themselves nervous , soothe cornelius and zira , lewis when I break the news , start slowly with simple answer to what will certainly be simple question . zira and if the question become less simple ? lewis be yourself . cornelius ( wag a warning finger at he wife ) you better self , Zira . please . a usher open the door and beckon . lewis and stevie rise . so do the two ape and ( clank ! ) we see that they be loosely chain together . zira irritably shake she chain . cont. 234 revised - escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 19 41 cont . 4e a- 42 lewis I be sorry . zira what do they think we be -- gorilla ? the two human escort the two ape into : we int , federal build in one sector of the amphitheater sit 50 v.i.p. 's , who could include negroes ; in another sector , the PRESS . in the amphitheater 's brilliantly light arena be tv camera and they crews . now , on to the dais at the arena 's center , walk lewis with cornelius and stevie with zira , the chain ape sit in chair six foot apart ... whereat the audience applaud . note : whatever the ape do and ( later ) say be bound to elicit strong audience reaction -- particularly at the outset , lewis lady and gentleman . my name be Lewis dixon and I be the animal psychiatrist who have be in charge of this two ape since they arrive at the Los Angeles Zoo . my research assistant , miss Stephanie branton , and I be ready to answer you question . what may astonish you be that we chimpanzee friend be ready to answer you question , too , a confuse murmur . the audience do not get it . lewis not by sign . not by look or movement . but by word . in a silence punctuate by uncertain titter , the Commission 's elderly chairman rise . chairman Dr. dixon , as a zoologist , I know and respect you work . but if you think you be go to turn a presidential Commission into a ventriloquial circus act , I have to inform you --- cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 20 a- 42 cont . lewis and I have to inform you , sir , that this ape have acquire the power of speech . chairman begin to laugh ; and , take its cue , the audience laugh with he . when the laughter have subside : lewis it be for you , lady and gentleman , to assess how far that power can be exercise intelligently . chairman May we be tell which be the -- ah -- ' female of the species ' ? over further laughter , lewis indicate zira , who have simultaneously rise from she platform chair . chairman do she rise as a reflex to you have indicate she , or in answer to my question ? lewis that be for you to decide . chairman have you a name ? zira ( distinctly ; as though to a child ) Zi-ra . a gasp of astonishment from audience , chairman ( ruffle , but under control ) certainly she can articulate , which in itself be extraordinary . but , Dr. dixon , be we to infer that ' Ziera ' be she name , or some < == some phrase in she own language which mean ...' yes ' or ' no , ' for example ? lewis ( politely ) infer what you wish , Professor . I suggest you rephrase the question , cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 21 a-42 cont.1 chairman what be you name ? zira Ziera . chairman ( jocosely to audience ) one might as well be talk to @ parrot -- except that a parrot would have answer ... ( mimick ) eoe ' polely .! zira ( outrage ) polly ? chairman ( smugly ) there you be , you see . mechanical mimicry . unique in a ape , vocally , without a doubt , but ... ( dismissive gesture ) do the other one talk ? cornelius ( rise ) only when she let I . a moment 's stunne silence , break by a yell of delighted laughter from zira , who run to cornelius and hug he . then with a whoosh ! the entire audience rise to its foot except for chairman , who collapse in he seat . zira , still chuckle , resume hers . so , under lewis 's pacify gesture , do the audience . except for one . lewis Professor hasslein ? but hasslein be not stand to ask a question . he be stand transfix by the limitless implication of a ape answer unmechanically , sensitively , lucidly and , above all , humorously a question which be not even address to he . hasslein ( abstractedly ) no. not yet . he sit and a amiable young ( negro ) lawyer rise . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 22 a-42 cont.2 lawyer what be the male 's name , please ? cornelius cornelius . zira ( affectionately ) my lawfully wedd spouse . to stevie 's ( but not zira 's ) consternation , a empurple cardinal risse in outrece .> , cardinal wedd ...? lewis ( placatory ) later , you eminence , lal ( smile ) cornelius , do you or you ... lawfully wedd wife speak any language other than English ? cornelius what be eng-lish ? ( mild sensation ) I speak the language teach I by my father and mother , who be teach by they father and mother before they . it have be the lange uage of my ancestor for at least two thousand year . as to its origin , who can be sure ? the gorilla and orang -utan in my community believe ... believe ... we flash - in a CUT of hasslein alert to this hesitation , cornelius eoethat God create ape in he own image and that we language -- the cardinal be on he foot again . but so be zira . zira ( to cornelius ) nonsense ! cont . 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 23 a-42 cont.3 cardinal ( approvingly ) hear , hear . he sit down . zira as a intellectual , cornelius , you know damned well that the gorilla be a bunch of militaristic nincompoop and the orang -utan a bunch of blinker , pseudo-scientific geese . ( laughter and applause ) as to human , I have dissec - - as she check herself , we flash again to the ever~ - alert hasslein , zira -- examine thousand of they and , until now , I have only discover two who could talk in my life . God know ... ( to cardinal ) «.-- Excuse I ... who teach they . cornelius where we come from , ape talk and human be dumb . lawyer , stunne , sit down amid confuse and incredulous audience reaction . now hasslein uncoil to put the crucial question . hasslein where do you come from , cornelius ? cornelius I be still not sure . zira Dr. milo be sure . she bury she head in she hand . cornelius ( a arm on she shoulder ) Dr. milo be ea genius in advance of he time . when the spaceship first land intact on we seaboard , he salvage it , study it ... and half understand it . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 a4 ae42 cont . 4 a scientist . half ? be ‘half ! enough ? cornelius angry ) enough for we to escape , when war become inevitable . enough for he to have be murder in you Zoo . enough for my wife and I to be here . over murmur of sympathy : hasslein ( softiy insistent ) but from where , cornelius ? from where ? cornelius ( after a beat ) from you future . a pinedrop silence . then : scientist that do not make sense . pale eye blaze , hasslein pound the seat arm with he fist -- once . hasslein it 's the only thing that do . he sit down and cover he eye , the better to meditate . army officer cornelius , you speak of war . War between whom ? cornelius between the gorilla and whoever life ... live ... will live ... hasslein uncover pierce eye . cornelius «.ebeneath the territory next to ours . officer who win the war ? zira how should we know ? chimpanzee be pacifist . we stay at home ... cont. 234 on revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " ~- 10/22/70 25 a-42 cont.5 cornelius «-eand leave before the war have end . officer in a spaceship ... zira which Dr. milo learn to handle . officer do you know Colonel Taylor ? a fractional pause in which cornelius and zira exchange telepathic warning glance . there could be trouble here , the ape ' treatment of human ( Taylor include ) be not a pretty one . then : cornelius no . be he a soldier ? zira we be peaceful people . we be happy to be here . May we be unchain ? time dissolve to : 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 26 a- 46 ext . federal build - night flashbulb explode like flak in a air raid , as member of the Commission exit building . hasslein be the reporter ' chief target . reporter 1 Dr. hasslein , how will you advise the President to handle this ... unique situation ? hasslein no comment . reporter 2 can you explain it ? hasslein no comment -- yet . b- 46 int . SMALL side room - night as lewis and stevie help cornelius and zira out of they chain : stevie you be both fabulous . lewis they love you . but I think there be a moment ... zira there be . cornelius ( troubled ) Zira , be you sure we should -- zira quite sure . cornelius even to Lewis and stevie . zira only to Lewis and stevie . I have e honest with someone . stevie why not with everyone ? zira because truth can sometimes harm the innocent . and because I have a reason for want to survive . will you keep two secret ? 234 cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 27 b-46 cont . lewis if it will do no harn . zira it can only do good . lewis then ... zira tell they , cornelius . cornelius we do know Colonel Taylor . we come to love he . stevie but what harm could there be in tell that to -- cornelius because , where we come from , ape do not -- do not -- love human being . they hunt they for sport , as you might hunt animal . lewis we do . zira we use they body , alive and dead , experimentally -- for anatomical dissection and scientific research . lewis as we do yours . ( ponder ) I be a scientist and I sympathize . but I agree that 's a revelation the mass would not take kindly to . I think you be right to deny knowledge of Colonel Taylor . zira there be another reason . stevie what ? cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 28 b-46 cont.1 zira they would have ask if he be @live . lewis and be he ? cornelius he can not be . lewis how d' you know ? zira ( haunt eye ) from the window of the spaceship ... she can not go on . cornelius '' we 8aw Earth destroy . SHOCK CUT to : c-46 tight closeup - sinister person in thick pebble glass . person ten second ... o.s. creak and shuffle . person stand by ... someone cough . then silence , for : person four , three , two , one -- he cue with he finger and we pull back to : 47 we 48 full shot - tv studio the wall clock be tick to 7:00 p.m. as we end pull - back on hasslein about to be interview by ( hopefully ) walter cronkite . 234 234 a-4g b- 49 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/30/70 29 49 the interview ( master scene ) shot and cut as we should see it on tv , but not mask by tv screen . after CBS identification announcement : he turn cronkite good evening . this 1s walter cronkite report from Los Angeles , where the biggest story since the moon landing break this morning , when two ape talk -- I repeat ' talk ' -- to the presidential Commission of inquiry conven ( not unsuitably ! ) at the City 's planetarium . to hasslein . cronkite with I in the studio be Dr. otto hasslein , a senior scientific advisor at the White House , who will give he view on the most crucial state - ment make to he by the male ape during today 's session . cut to : clip recorded by tv camera hasslein ( filter ) where do you come from , cornelius ? cornelius ( filter ) from you future . CUT back to : master scene cronkite Dr. hasslein , do you believe that ? hasslein absolutely . it be the only explanation . cronkite but the explanation itself need explain . Doctor , you have write learn dissertation on the nature of time . could you explain , in term that will be apprehend by less learn viewer , how a person or person could travel from time future to time past -- or , indeed , vice -versa ? cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 30 B - 49 cont . hasslein time can only fully be understand by a observer with the godlike gift of infinite regression . cronkite ( wince ) could you please explain infinite regression ? bb-49 int . control room 234 director ( to technician ) Roll the film . CuT to : c-49 tight shot - a landscape painting we shall later see that it be only the central part of 5 much larger painting , as we pull back ( when indicate ) uring : ( ) hasslein' voice 0.8. here be the painting of a landscape , but the artist who paint it say ' something i8 miss . what be it ? it be I myself who be a part of the landscape I paint . ' so he mentally take a step backward -- or ' regresses ' -- and paint ... ( pull back ) 's -& picture of the artist painting a@ picture of the landscape . and still something be miss . and that something be still he real self painting the second picture . so he ' regresses ' further and paint a third ... ( pull back ) -..& picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting the landscape . and because something be still miss , he paint a fourth and fifth picture ... ( big , slow pull - back ) «.. until he have paint a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting the landscape . CUT back to : 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 31 master scene cronkite ( dlink ) it 's enough to drive you mad . hasslein ( very seriously ) yes. cronkite so infinite regression be -- hasslein -- the moment when we artist , have regress to the point of infinity , himself become a part of the picture he have paint and be both the observer and the observe . even cronkite have begin to sweat . cronkite what , in that peculiar condition , would he observe if he be observe time ? hasslein imagine for the moment that time be like a simple circle -- because a circle , like time , have no beginning and no end . we have CUT in the animation of a circle ( with radious 12 inch ) be draw by invisible compass ; and continue to CUT in further animation ( when indicate ) during : hasslein' voice ( 0o.8 . ) but we observer would note that a time - cycle be not single . I believe in the simultaneous existence of a infinite number of parallel time - cycle -- like a phonograph record ... ( animation start fill in the circle ) «.. with concentric instead of spiral groove . the animation achieve this resemblance . hasslein you and I and indeed all of we , Mr. cronkite , exist in each and every one of a infinite number of time - groove . in groove ' a' , you may walk out of this building at 8:15 p.m. and be kill by a bus . cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/22/70 31 - a d-49 cont . 50 hasslein ( wry reaction from cronkite ) but suppose you decide to walk out of the building at 8:16 . by you action , you ' jump ' like a phonograph needle ... ( animation ) «e.- from groove ' a ' to groove ' B ' . the bus have already pass . and you will be alive . ( sigh of relief from cronkite ) every single one of you action create a minor disturbance in the time - continuum , which enable you to alter you future and that of other . there be , of course , bigger action which create wider disturbance ... ( animation ) «-- like a assassination , for example , or @ war . ( lean forward ) Mr. cronkite , I do not find it hard to believe that , in the dark and turbulent corridor of Outer Space , the impact of some distant planetary or even galactic disaster ' jump ' the ape from they present into ours . and indeed the proof lie in they arrival among we ... we pull back to include screen of a tv set in : int . infirmary cage hasslein ( on tv ) «and in they speak , I repeat , speak testimony . the gorilla 's cage have be vacate ; and cornelius , zira and lewis be watch in what have now become a two - cage suite incongruously furnish with chair , a double divan -bed , a dining table , the tv set , etc . cronkite ( on tv ) thank you , Dr. hasslein . the Big News continue in a moment . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 31 - B 50 cont . cornelius if only Dr. milo could have hear ... a sad silence , quickly break by the " chiquita banana " commercial . zira ( in mock anguish ) oh , no ! cornelius ( reach to dining table ) have a grape , dear , and look the other way . he deposit a whole bunch in she lap . announcer ( on tv ) and here be a late news flash . the presidential Commission will be in private session tomorrow without the so-called ape-onaut , who will be transfer from the Zoo to a hotel and will later be take on a extend tour of Los Angeles . as lewis switch off the set : time dissolve to : 51 10-15 minute quick tempo montage with music - ape on the town tv , Press and cine- camera much in evidence . minimal dialogue . the emphasis be on visual comedy . e.g. : A. ape in chauffeur - drive mercede . a cameraman be shoot back at zira , who can not stop play with the electric window . she be switch window shut , when she see the impose , tall - hatted doorman of the beverly wilshire Hotel . zira look ! a priest ! she point she free finger through the shutting window and trap it . cont . 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 31-c 51 cont . B. arrival at the beverly wilshire . the doorman extricate zira 's trap finger and arm she out of car . cornelius follow . cameras click and whirr . a small crowd applaud . cc. Inside hotel , at reception , clerk proffer Visitors ! book. zira hesitates over " address " ; then write " the Zoo " . page take the rawhide valise . they ascend ( sensation ! ) by elevator to : cont . 234 234 revised - '' the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/30/70 32 51 cont.1 D. they flower - fill suite , which contain endless gift basket ( from member of the public ) pile high with bananas . two further gift ( with card attach ) be a small seesaw and a stationary bicycle . stevie be on she knee unwrap ... a child 's multicolor rubber ball . we move from sit room through bedroom to bathroom , where zira discover two hygienically wrap toothbrush ; unwrap one and begin to brush she hair with it . cornelius sniff at and cautiously nibble ( ugh ! ) a cake of soap . lewis indicate how to turn on bath tap . cornelius bend over bath to turn on tap . the pointer point to shower and he be drench . back in mercede pass the beverly theater , which be unfortunately revive " King Kong " . cornelius with lewis at Carroll & company . a tailor remove he tape from around cornelius 's chest . tailor May I measure you inside leg , sir ? cornelius ( coldly ) no. a fashion show at Elizabeth the first for zira and stevie only . the dazzle zira choose a high - neck , long -sleeve maxi-skirted evening gown which be very diamante 's . rancho golf course . coached by lewis , cornelius in outrageous golf clothes flukily drive 300 yard off the tee . we follow ball to lip of hole on green and pan back to golf cart approach . lewis hand putter to cornelius , who drive ball another 300 yard , slice a large divot from the hole 's lip . cocktail party to Press on beverly Hilton roof . over sound of chatter and clinking glass , we start on tight closeup of zira ( in she diamante 's gown ) be interview by : female reporter ( notebook poise ) what be you favorite fruit ? pan to cornelius be interview by : male reporter and how do you find we woman , Mr. cornelius ? cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 33 51 cont.2 52 53 55 after a beat : cornelius ( diplomatically ) very human . montage end . quick time dissolve to : HOTEL suite lewis be maneuver cork from a half bottle of champagne . lewis it 's really only grape juice plus . you could each have a sip . as cork pop we angle down on closeup of glass hold by zira , and time dissolve from its bubbles to : zira lie in bubble bath . pull back to include cornelius in fancy pajamas , peer down at she . cornelius ( wrinkling nose ) how 's it feel ? zira wet -- but very soothing . ext . beverly wilshire HOTEL stevie and lewis exhaustedly leave lobby . stevie what 's for tomorrow ? lewis NBC have ask hasslein to take Zira round the Museum of Science and Industry , and CBS want cornelius to see a prizefight . ext . museum of natural history ( usc ) over music , we start on rise garden in front of which zira and hasslein alight from arrive mercede . a tv camera , director and crew follow they up step into : cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 34 a-55 int , museum with music continuing , they be meet by curator , who ( miming " spiel " ) conduct they past skeleton of duck - bill dinosaur in Main Hall to darken Animal room with ( at the far end ) its vividly light , tropically realistic bush tableau of African elephant , whose trumpete the music mimic . then right into connect passage where zira confront ( we own model of ) a majestic gorilla with dead , glass eye . we tilt down all foot of the gorilla to include zira look up at it ... and hasslein look intently at zira . she stagger slightly , as though giddy . 56 full shot - museum ape section zira faint into hasslein 's arm . music out . 57 new angle - kneeling hasslein support recumbent zira hasslein ( to o.s. curator ) it must have be the shock ... zira ( open eye ; straight into camera shock , my foot . I be pregnant . note : from here on , zira 's clothes will need increase pad . quick dissolve to : 58 int . HOTEL suite zira rest on sofa , with hasslein hover in oddly oversolicitous attendance . hasslein I sha not leave you till cornelius come back ... no , no , I insist . be there anything I can get you ? zira I have a strange craving -- hasslein that be only natural -- zira -- for grape juice plus . as hasslein react , mystify : cont . 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 35 58 cont. zira it 's in the ... ( new word ) .-- re-frig-er-ator . with a secret look of curious satisfaction , hasslein extract and unstopper the complimentary bottle of champagne and pour it generously into a sizeable wine goblet , which he place on a low table beside she . zira Lewis say only a sip . hasslein ( eagerly ) I assure you it 's a excellent restorative -- especially in case of pregnancy . how long have you know ? zira ( sip ) since well before the war . it be another reason for escape . hasslein draw up a chair , take a lighter and cigarette case from he pocket , then " check " himself . zira drink , during : hasslein forgive I . in view of you condition , I should not smoke . he repocket lighter but do something with he thumb to the " cigarette case " which he leave on the low table . we close to it , during : hasslein who win you war ? back to : zira ( drink ) it be not we war . it be the gorilla 's war . chimpanzee be pashy ... ( the champagne be work ) ...- pacifist . we stay behind . we never see the enemy . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 36 58 cont . 1 hasslein but which side win ? zira ( drink ) neither . hasslein ( refresh she glass ) how do you know that if you be not there ? we can continue to intercut the " cigarette case " , during : zira ( slur ) when we be in space ... we see @ bright , white , blind light . we see the rim of Earth melt . then there be ... a tornado in the sky . she hiccup and slop a little champagne on the table top . hasslein instantly lift the " cigarette case " and ( after mop the wet patch dry ) carefully replace it on the table . zira I feel magnificently sleepy . hasslein ( earnestiy ) Zira , be there a date meter in the spaceship ? zira mn. hasslein what do it register after Earth 's destruction ? zira nineteen ... seventy ... three . we close to closeup of " cigarette case " . hasslein' voice ( 0.8 . ) and before ? before the white light and the tornado ? quick mix to : 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 37 " cigarette case " on different table top zira's voice ( 0.8.3 filter ) thirty-nine ...fifty ... something . as hasslein click off and open up the bugging device , we pull back to reveal hasslein and the president in : president's office president ( coolly ) so ? hasslein ( hotly ) so you have evidence , Mr. President , that one day talk ape will dominate the Earth and finally destroy it in thirty - nine fifty - something . president ( massive calm ) I doubt if we shall still be in office by then . ( open a file ) and accord to the NASA expert , who be still subjecting the spaceship to microscopic scrutiny , the precise year of what you merely infer to be Earth 's destruction be record on the flight synthesizer as thirty - nine fifty - five . ( a beat . ) a.d. , presumably . hasslein discomfite . president now what do you expect I and the United Nations -- though not necessarily in that order -- to do about it ? Alter what zou believe to be the course of the future by slaughter two innocent -- or rather three , now that one of they 's pregnant ? herod try that , and Christ survive . hasslein herod lack we facility . cont. 234 60 cont . hasslein 38 president he also become unpopular . historically unpopular . and we do not want that , do we ? hasslein ( aghast ) be you actually say -- president I be say that we two visitor seem really very charming and peaceable people -- or rather creature -- and that the voter love they . hasslein do you want they and they progeny to dominate the world ? president well , not at the next election . but one day , if the progeny turn out to be as nice as the parent -- who know ? they might make a better job of it than we do . hasslein by destroy the world ? president be you sure that what they see destroy be the world ? hasslein be not you ? president I consider it dispassionately as a possibility -- not hysterically as a fact . wince . president this be not the Bay of Pigs . it 's the Bay of ape . we do not have a mere twenty - four hour to make up we mind . we have ... ( calculate on pad ) +..one thousand nine hundred and eighty - two year . let we not , in the vernacular of my day , ' blow we cool 's , cont. 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 39 hasslein Mr. President , I can not feel ' cool ' about even the possibility of Earth 's destruction -- however far distant . president neither can I , hasslein , neither can I . but be we sure it be -- or will be -- the ape who destroy it ? ( flipping through tile ) in the afternoon session they admit to rifle ... machine gun ...canon ... I find no evidence of a nuclear weapon in they armory . ( significantly ) I can in ours . hasslein we have they own testimony that they provoke the war . president and they seem to have provoke a pretty thoroughly into the argain . I be not say you be wrong , hasslein . I be say that before I have they shot against a wall , I want convincing that the write on the wall be calculably true . ‘ow . convince I . hasslein ( rise and pace ) by they testimony , we know that ape will acquire the power of intelligent speech and become the master race on Earth . by Zira 's testimony , we know that she be pregnant with child . by my own testimony , it would be genetically possible for this child -- provide always that we permit its birth -- ( a sharp glance from the President ) -- to bear or to beget a talk ape by or from a dumb one in a present - day jungle or a present - day zoo . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 40 president and do you truly believe that by deliberate , present - day action we can neutralize that possibility ? that we can alter the future ? hasslein I do . president but do you believe that we should ? give the ability to alter the future , have we the right to do so ? hasslein bury he head in he hand ; then look up at the president with genuine unhappiness . hasslein I do not know , Mr. President . I have wrestle with this , and I do not know . how many future be there ? and which future have God , if there be a God , choose for man 's final destiny ? if I urge the destruction of this ape , be I defy God 's will or obey it ? be I God 's enemy or his instrument ? president a assassin would say the latter . do you approve of assassination ? hasslein we condon the attempt assassination of Hitler because he be evil . president but would we have approve kill he in babyhood when he be still innocent ? or kill he mother when he be still in she womb ? or slaughtering he remote ancestor ? we have no evidence , hasslein , that this ape be evil . hasslein there be indication . president ( sharply ) such as ? cont . revised - '' escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 4o- a 60 cont.3 61 out a-61 int . 234 hasslein there be hesitancy and small discrepancy in they answer to the Commission which suggest that , if properly interrogate -- president be you suggest they be improperly interrogate ? hasslein shall I say ' unprofessionally ' ? president you want they give the work by the c.i.a. or something ? hasslein the full work , Mr. President . president then tell that to the Commission . I will abide by they finding . federal build - day commission sit . on the dais , the chairman read . hasslein , smile , sit beside he . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 4y a-61 cont . chairman therefore , have conven in secret session , the Commission make the follow interim recommendation : one : the Public should be inform that the ape-onaut , , after they arduous space voyage and the fatigue arise from its attendant publicity , be to be afforded rest and privacy in a location whose identity will not be divulge . they will then be find research employment suite to they high intellectual capacity . two : since , however , there be justifiable cause for suspect that they have withheld vital information from the Commission , the ape-onaut will in fact be secretly conduct by they ' keeper ' , Dr. Lewis dixon ... ( we pick he out , deadpan ) +..to the location know as Camp eleven and hold there , in he care , for interrogation by officer of the c.i.a. under the guidance and supervision of Dr. otto hasslein . hasslein be smile be like a skull 's . quick time dissolve to : b-61 white house office president read the speech 's continuation to hasslein . president ' Three : on the interrogation 's completion , the Commission will reconvene to discuss its finding and make such further recommendation as may be deem just and / or expedient . ' ( to hasslein ) I find that ' and / or ' somewhat sinister . quick time dissolve to : 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " ~ 10/23/70 he 62 63 65 ext . station wagon with police car and motorcycle escort wind through bare , hilly country at dusk . int . station wagon lewis speak to rearview mirror which reflect cornelius and zira in backseat . lewis ( troubled ) I wish I know how to advise you . they may try to make you angry -- put do not be , or you will be trap into wrong answer . try to keep polite . cornelius you hear that , Zira . zira stare grimly ahead . cornelius for the baby 's sake . she nod . through the windshield , the Camp gate distantly loom , during : lewis and above all , do not tell they what you tell I . he halt at the security - sign gate ; show he pass and / or badge to guard , who break the electric circuit by insert key in lock of metal wall box just inside he window . to cornelius be fascination , the gate latch click and guard open gate manually -- salute as they pass through . ext . from outside the gate - station wagon recede into deepening dusk the guard clang the iron grille of the gate shut in we face . we z00m to its security sign : it say : " danger " . we fade to a : black screen zira's voice ( filter and tipsy ) when we be in space ... we see a bright , white , blind light ... the tape stop with a click . we hear a switch be depressed , and . CUT in : 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 66 closeup - a light of almost solar intensity , swiveling into camera . hasslein' voice brighter than this ? the light be shine on : 67 zira 43 she screw she dazzle eye shut , then slowly open they to reconfront : 68 her three examiner hasslein seat between e.1 ( amiable ) and e.2 ( icy ) at a table on which stand the lamp that dazzle zira . hasslein press a button . 69 pulling back from zira to include cornelius listen nervously by she side . a wall speaker : zira's voice ( filter and tipsy ) we see the rim of Earth melt . then there be ... a tornado in the sky . e.1 ( amiably to Zira ) it 's you voice , be not it ? zira if you say so . e.2 ( icily ) he do say 80 . zira how can I tell ? I do not even remember . e.1 what do not you remember , Zira ? zira I do not remember what I say to Dr. hass -- cont . from 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/23/70 69 cont . e.2 ( triumphant ) so you do say something . e.1 why do not you remember ? zira because Dr. hasslein make I drunk . hasslein ( suave ) deliberately . in vino veritas . zira I beg you pardon ? e.2 he mean you always tell the truth if you be stone . cornelius ( rise in distress ) who be go to stone my wife ? e.2 ( seize on the misunderstanding ) I will tell you who will stone she . the people will stone she when they no out that , one day , talk monkey .... ( cornelius react ) «.- be go to bust the whole world wide open and bring it blaze about we goddamn ear . cornelius ( polite but firmly ) please do not use the word monkey . we find it offensive . e.1 ( quietly to Zira ) why do you tell something to Dr. hasslein when drunk , which you never tell to the Commission when sober ? because you and you husband be afraid for the safety of yourselves ... and you unborn child ? cont . 4h revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 45 69 cont.1 zira ( perturb ) I withheld nothing . nobody ask I . e.1 . and if somebody have ? after a beat : zira I should have say that chimpanzee have no part in it . only the gorilla and the orang-utans . e.2 . you all look alike to I . cornelius ( stung ) and I should have say that we possess no weapon capable of cause such destruction . e.2 . then who do ? cornelius God , if there be a God ? man , if he would survive somewhere in more sophisticated form ? he glare at e.2. , who stare coldly back . e.2 . be you try to make a monkey out of I ? cornelius ( pound desk ) please do not use that word ! as a archeologist I have access to history scroll keep secret from the mass , and I know that one reason for man 's original downfall be you peculiar habit of murdering one another . man destroy man . ape do not destroy ape . cont . 234 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 46 hasslein ( cool the heat ) cornelius , this be not a inter - racial hassle but a search for fact . we admit the possibility of man 's de@line and fall . but what all of we here would like to know be how ape rise . the emotional temperature drop . cornelius ( unexpectedly ) it begin , in we prehistory , with the plague that fall upon dog . zira and cat . cornelius hundred and thousand of they die . and hundred and thousand have to be destroy to prevent the spread of the infection . zira there be dog bonfire ... for the first time we see a tape recorder ( conceal from the ape ) slowly revolve . cornelius by the time the plague be contain , man be without pet ; and for man , this be intolerable . he might kill he brother , but he could not kill he dog . so human take primitive ape as pet . zira primitive and dumb , but still twenty time more intelligent than dog or cat . cornelius they be quarter in cage , but they live and move freely in human house . they become responsive to human speech . and in the course of only two century progress from perform mere trick to perform service . cont. 234 revised - " escape prom the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 47-48 69 cont.3 e.1 . like sheep dog ... cornelius could a sheep dog cook ? could a sheep dog clean the house ? or go marketing for grocery with a list from its mistress ? or wait on table ? zira ( with dangerous pride ) or , after three more century , turn the table on they owner ? hasslein h ( instantly ) low ? cornelius laye a restrain hand on . zira 's . cornelius they become alert to the concept of slavery and ( as they number grow ) to slavery 's antidote , which be unity . they begin to assemble in bmall band . they learn the art of corporate and militant action . they learn to refuse . we intercut conceal tape recorder , inexorably revolve . then back to : the tape zira and cornelius at first they bark they refusal . and then , on a historic day commemorate by my species and fully document in the secret scroll , there come a ape call Aldo , who do not bark . he articulate . he speak a word which have be speak to he , time without number , by human . he say ' no ' . recorder revolve . e.1 . so that 's how it 411 start . cornelius exchange troubled glance . basslein how do it end ? cont . 49 69 cont.5 zira ( stalling ) end ? e.2. e-n-d -- end . how be the human when you leave ? a silence . e.2 . be they happy ? zira ( stalling ) you could say so . e.2 . I be ask you to say so . he pull the intercom on the table a shade nearer . zira then I will say so . they be happy . e.2. ( buzzing intercom ) clip one , please . from a wall speaker : cornelius' voice ( filter ) wnere we come from , ape talk and human be dumb . e.2 . you recognize you husband 's word to the Commission ? zira yes. e.2 . so they be happy -- and dumb . zira ( see where this will lead ) I - I think he must have mean dumb-stupid -- not dumb-mute . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 50 69 cont.6 e.2. ( to cornelius ) be that what you mean ? cornelius can not meet he cold stare . e.2. ( to intercom ) clip two . from the wall speaker : zira's voice ( filter ) as to human , I have dissec- - examine thousand of they and , until now , I have only discover two who could talk in my life . e.2 . what do the other do ? sing ? zira shake she head . e.2 . be one of the two who talk Colonel Taylor ? zira I never meet Colonel Taylor . e.2. ( to intercom ) repeat first three second of clip two . from the wall speaker : zira's voice ( filter ) as to human , I have dissec - - examine thousand of they --~- the sound cut out . e.2 . what be the word you do not finish ? zira ( frighten ) I can not remember . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 51 69 cont.7 e.2. ( to intercom ) play the loop . from the wall speaker : zira's voice ( filter ) dissec ... dissec ... dissec ... the loop continue play , intolerably , during : e.2 . complete the word , monkey . complete the word . zira's voice ( filter ) dissec ... dissec ... dissec ... zira ( with a touch of she old spirit ) it sound as if I have hiccup . with a snort of contempt , e.2. flick off intercom and wall speaker to look inquiringly at e.1. , who in he turn look inquiringly at hasslein . hasslein ( nod ) send for Dr. dixon. e.2. ( to intercom ) send Dr. dixon in , please . CUT to : 234 70 71 72 234 52 int . corridor - lewis stride anxiously towards a door , whose guard admit he . we follow lewis through : clinical outer room predominantly white . a wheeled couch , a stretcher with medical apparatus , chair and a desk with tne inevitable tape recorder . from here lewis enter : interrogation room ( 4s in sc . 69 ) hasslein ah. Dr. dixon . he be hold something wrap in cotton , which he hand to lewis . hasslein please take the female into the next room and administer this . lewis raise hostile , inquire eyebrow as he unwrap the cotton . hasslein sodium pentothal . Seven and a half grain . the cotton contain e& charge hypodermic . lewis ( not take it ) Dr. hasslein , I be a animal psychiatrist -- hasslein ( curtly ) and a qualified vet . we have the Commission 's authority and ... ( indicate e.1. and e.2 . ) +.. that of the c.i.a . lewis , after hesitation , take hypodermic ; and we pan he into snot with the seat ape . lewis ( gently ) come , Zira . follow I . but cornelius have see the hypodermic and rise in anguish . cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 53 72 cont. cornelius no! no ! no ! when we use that thing ... hasslein on whom ? cornelius «eeit 's for kill . he grab ineffectually at the hypodermic and be with difficulty restrain by e.2 . lewis this be not for kill , cornelius . it 's for ... relax . it will not harm she . zira will it harm my baby ? lewis no . so come . cornelius moan and whimper . hasslein ( to e.2 . ) take it to its quarter . lewis guide zira ( who look pathetically back over she shoulder ) into : 73 clinical outer room where they be momentarily alone . lewis help she into a@ white over -smock , test hypodermic and indicate couch . lewis ( smile ) lie down . bare you leave arm . zira ( wry whisper ) you do not have to tell I . as he bend over she to roll back she sleeve : tewis ( whisper ) it have the same effect as grape juice plus . so be -- cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 54 73 cont . he look up to see ( flash p.0.v. shot ) hasslein watch he alertly from the doorway . lewis ( with loud ingenuity ) -- ( be ) have yourself ! he inject the hypodermic into she hairy arm . lewis Count backwards from ten . as hasslein enter , follow by e.1. only : zira ten...nine ...eight ... seven ... bix ... ( get drowsy ) «.five ...four ... she pause . lewis what 's after four ? zira ( slurry ) ooo two ... during the above , e.1. have switch on the tape recorder , draw up a chair to the couch 's side and now ( hand mike poise ) look inquiringly at lewis , who withdraw hypo - dermic and pad the crook of zira be arm with cotton . lewis okay . hasslein ( hold door open ) thank you , Dr. dixon . ( coldly ) it 's customary to stay . they eye lock . lewis and safer . I be a member of the Commission . lewis win . hasslein close the door and lean against its motionless and impassive until the scene 's end . we lose to : 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 55 74 close shot - e.1. and zira , intercutting hasslein and lewis most of e.1' " question " be less question than statement . he be confront zira with situation which she can confirm or deny . e.1. ( gentle throughout ) Zira . zira ( slurry at first ) e.1 . you work in a room like this ? zira bigger . but not so ... pretty . camera rove the cold , clinical little room . pretty ...! e.1 . with ... two assistant ? zira three. e.1 . and there you practice ... zira ( as though this be all comparative . e.1l. comparative what ? zira an& ... ana ... e.l. anatomy . zira mn. e.1 . whose anatomy do you compare ? ztra hesitates ; restlessly move she head from side to side . cont. 234 234 74 cont . 56 e.1 . ape ' and human ' ? zira mm. e.1. ( still gently ) say yes if you mean yes . zira yes . e.1. so you dissect other ape . zira yes . when they die a natural death . e.1. and human , too , of course . zira yes . as they be ... make available . e.1. available ... ? we CUT in quick , soundless , subliminal flash from ape 1 and ape 2 , luridly illustrate : zira the gorilla hunt they for sport -- with net and with gun . the survivor be put in cage . the Army use some of they for target practice , flash end . as the drug 's hypnotic effect diminish , zira become increasingly articulate and euphoric . zira we could take we scientific pick of the rest . e.1. ( match she enthusiasm ) and in the interest of science , you dissect , remove and statistically compare ... cont . revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 57 74 cont.1 zira ( proudly ) Bones , muscle , tendon , vein , artery , kidney , liver , heart , stomach , reproductive organ ... we CUT in subliminal flash from ape 1 : closeup zira , from 0.8. patient 's p.0.v. , bend over to operate with scapel . and back to : zira +- enail , tongue , eye ... e.1 turn to see hasslein , rivete . zira +.- nose , ear , nervous system , the various reflex -- e.1l ( as though puzzle ) reflexes ? of the dead ? zira no , no , no . of the iyving 's you can not make a dead man' ee jump , any more than you can test a corpse 's reaction to a prefrontal lobotomy . lewis , sweat , look at hasslein , concentrate . e.1 ( " admiringly " ) you mean you be ... advanced enough to do experimental brain surgery on live human ? zira oh , yes . we even try to stimulate they atrophy speech center . e.1 successfully ? zira not yet. ( confuse ) I mean not now ... anymore . she draw a hand across she ey . e.1 look at lewis , who look at he watch . cont . 234 revised - " escape from the planet of the ape " - 10/26/70 58 74 cont.2 lewis two minute . hasslein scribbles a note , which he hand to : e.1. do you stimulate Colonel Taylor 's speech center ? zira ( irritate mutter ) of course not . he could talk already . exhausted after she euphoria , she do not realize what she have admit . the three men do and react strongly . but the object of pentothal 1s to lull the patient into truth . e.1l . ( offhand ) Colonel Taylor have colleague ... zira oh , yes . there be one who ... somehow ... die before we find out he could talk . he possess @ anique skin . we have it stuff and put in we museum . like the gorilla I see in yours . e.1 . a unique ...? zira +«-skin. ( a beat ) it be black . we CUT in ghoulish flash from ape 1 : stuff negro astronaut with milky glass eye in ape City 's museum . and back to : hasslein ( a whisper ) Lieutenant dodge . zira ( sleepily ) until we come here , we would never see that before . e.1 . when you leave , be Colonel Taylor 234 still ali -- cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/30/70 59 74 cont.3 zira ( scent accusation ) we love Taylor . CUT in flash from ape 1 : zira kissing taylor . and back to : zira we do all we could to help he , cornelius and I -- as she name she husband , normal consciousness return . she lift herself on one elbow and look desperately around for a sign of he ; but see only the cold , white room , e.1. by the couch 's side , lewis with the hypodermic , and hasslein block the intercommunicating door . zira ( a sudden , desolate howl ) cor-ne-li-us ! hasslein rap twice at the door . lewis hold up the hypodermic . lewis ( grimly to e.1 . ) d' you want a repeat ? e.1. smirk interrogatively at : hasslein ( smile ) no . we have get enough . the intercommunicating door open to reveal e.2. usher - ing in the young , white - coat , muscular , blond and good - nature male orderly to cornelius and zira . e.1 . be unemotionally disconnect the tape recorder , during : hasslein ( indicate Zira ) to quarter , please . orderly sir. lewis she will need a nap now . hasslein she will get it . cont . 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/30/70 60 74 cont.4 as e.1. hand he two tape : hasslein which be more than I shall . I have to deliver this to the Commission . stay near we guest . lewis I can not face they . e.1 . you do not have to . ( indicate orderly ) that 's he job . orderly sir. orderly have turn the couch and now wheel it towards e.2. and hasslein , who have move to either side of main door lead into corridor . as zira ( already asleep be wheeled between they , the " brutal " e.2. look down on she with genuine pity . e.2 . poor little bastard . ( to hasslein ) Care for my job ? at least he have perform it professionally . quick time dissolve to : 75 int . planetarium - weary commission - late afternoon we close to : chairman ( stifling a yawn before read ) I have to announce that the President of the United States have ratify the follow final recommendation make by this Commission in the light of the c.i.a. tape recording deliver to we by Dr. hasslein . we pull back to include hasslein , seat rather sourly on the dais next to : cont . 234 234 75 cont . 61 chazrman ( read ) one : by a majority vote the Commission find no solid evidence for hostility by either ape towards the human Race as at present constitute in this year of we Lord , nineteen seventy - three . the minority ( include , ala , the cardinal ) become sufficiently vocal for the chairman to hammer for silence . chairman ( emphatically read ) the male 's attitude be that of a@ deeply interested and well - dispose academician who study the alleged future downfall of the human Race with the true objectivity of a good historian . the female 's case be different , in that she undoubtedly commit action against the human Race of a sort which , if they be to be commit today , would be call atrocity . ut would they be so-called in two thousand year ! time , when it be alleged that human will have become dumb brute with the restrict intelligence of animal ? it have be point out that what ape will do to human be no more than what human be now do to beast . we hunt aninal for sport . if they be edible we eat they , which the ape do not -- since they be vegetarian . for the purpose of promote education , we lock animal in zoo . we dissect they dead body and experiment on they live one in the cause of scientific research . ' this do not argue that we hate animal -- only that we use they for such philanthropic ( though admittedly selfish ) end as the defeat of human disease like cancer . cont. 234 62 75 cont.1 76 chairman ( cont . ) on this grounds the Commission , by a majority vote , deem it morally unjust and indeed impolitic that the two ape under scrutiny should be extermineted . dubious murmur from the minority . chairman ( hold up hand ) Nonetheless the Commission be sympathetic to Dr. hasslein 's conviction that the progeny of this ape could , in the century to come , prove a increase threat to the human Race and conceivably end by dominate it . this be a risk we dare not ignore . therefore : two : the Commission unanimously recommend that the birth of the female ape 's unborn child should be prevent ; and that , after its prenatal removal , both the male and the female should humanely be render incapable of begetting or bear enother . thus , the parent can still be employ to serve the community in a manner to which they undoubted talent be best suite . he raise he gevel . chairman I now declare this Commission dissolve . as the gavel begin to fall : SHOCK CUT to : cornelius' interlocked hand ... ... smash down on a white - enamele metal table top . as we pull back : cornelius they be savage ! we pull back further to : 234 77 63 master shot - ape ' quarter - night cold , white , fluorescent lighting reveal bar window with no drape ; two austere cot , on one of which lie zira , fully clothed ; two uneasy easy chair ; and two white - cushion metal one by the table , on which cornelius once again smashes down he interlocked hand . she sit cot with he take cornelius savage ! zira ( mildly ) oh , I do not know , dear . Taylor think muck the same about I -- at first . cornelius do they make you tell they about he , too ? zira they make I tell they about everything , cornelius . cornelius brutes ! cira and shall I tell you something ? I be glad I cid . e can not live with lie . cornelius ( himself savagely ) after this , I doubt we shall be allow to live at all . up suddenly and anxiously on the side of the one hand hold to she very pregnant belly . zira do you mean that ? she hand away from she belly and hold it to he cheek . cornelius how long , now ? zira a week . maybe more . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 64 77 cont. cornelius ( @ snarl ) jabbing needle into a pregnant female ... ! zira I have do that , too . a key rattles in the lock . be this the death sentence ? but the door open only to admit they young , agreeable orderly with two bowl of soup , four orange and a glass pitcher of water on a heavy white - enamele tray . orderly sir. matam . it 's chow time . he be about to set down the tray when cornelius , still fume , shake he head . orderly look hopefully at : zira I be not hungry . orderly ( genuinely concerned ) but maybe someone else be who can not talk yet . come on , mar 'am . it 's pure vitamin c. drink you soup and eat you orange for the sake of ... ( unwittingly ) .«+. the little monkey inside you , and -- cornelius lose he temper . pushes tray ( upwards , from beneath ) into orderly 's face , which the hot soup scald , as the glass pitcher splinter at he foot and the orange roll across the floor . cornelius wrest the heavy tray from orderly and crash it down on he head . as orderly stagger forward , he foot trip over a orange and he fall -- hit the side of he head on a corner of the metal table and landing face downward in the splinter pitcher 's jag glass . zira ( rise aghast ) cornelius , what have you -- cornelius ( breathe hard ) nobody make a fool of my wife . ( squatting ) he 's unconscious . cont. 234 65 77 cont . 1 zira ought we to call for -- but cornelius have spot orderly 's key ring ( three key only ) on a chain attach to he belt . cornelius we call for nobody and nothing . we leave . he detach key ring from chain and take zira 's hand . cornelius come . he unlock the door from inside ; open it ; and peer leave and right before pull zira through . we stay inside and , as the door shut , we hear it lock again from the outside . then we angle down and pan from the debris on the floor to : 78 top shot - gashed blond head of orderly face downward in the break glass . blood be beginning to spread across the floor . cur to : 79 tight shot - lewis at ( outer ) phone in he office lewis we sha not know the finding till hasslein get back -- but after what she say , I guess they will not be pleasant ... stevie , I can not face they alone . you have get to come and heip I ... bless you , dear . I will tell the guard to let you through . ( blow a vestigial kiss ) ' bye now . he hang up and lift adjacent inner phone . operator 's voice answer . lewis Guard House , please . cut to : 234 80 81 82 83 234 66 ext . night - shoot from MAIN gate to house ... ... past Guard House in left f.g . in far b.g. main front door open to emit a narrow shaft of light which silhouettes we ape as they sneak through , close the door ( cornelius relock it ) and advance under cover behind bush to we right of the driveway . at this moment the phone ring in the Guard House . CuT to : int . guard house - tracking behind guard move from he window seat to phone ringing in b.g . guard Guard ... yes , Dr. dixon ? CUT to : ext . ape prone behind bushes cornelius now . he half - rise and start to run -- with body crouch for better cover . zira try to rise but ( a grunt of sudden pain ! ) cannot . she hold she belly . cornelius ( over shoulder ) Zira ! a pause . then the pain as suddenly go and , with a deep sigh , she rise and join he . cornelius ( as they advance ) what happen ? zira I think my pain have begin . cornelius strike he forehead with he hand , as we : cur to : guard on phone guard have she a pass ? ... then can you give I a description so I will know she ? thanks . he take a ball - point and begin to jot on a notepad . CUT to : 234 84 85 86 87 67 shoot past guard with he back to OPEN window in b.g. as guard pick up second telephone , cornelius 's hand appear clutching the window sill . he have observe the gate-open routine on arrival in scene 64 , and now ( head and shoulder rise cautiously above sill ) make a long arm to insert key in the lock of the metal wall - box , during : guard ( to second phone ) Guard ... hank ? which hank ? oh , the orderly ... no , I have not . should I have ? '' he 's not on pass ... well , sorry . cornelius 's key be the wrong one . he fumble for another as guard hang up second phone and return to first . guard sorry , Dr. dixon. ( pick up ball - point ) " " ( pinally ) yeah . yeah as he put down ball - point , cornelius 's key engage in lock . he turn it . CUT to : outside guard house with the electric circuit break , the gate- latch softly click up . cornelius push the gate open , pull zira through and , as softly , close the gate by hand , during : guard voice ( o.8 . ) and pretty , too ! CUT to : close shot - guard on phone guard ( smile ) she will be welcome , Dr. dixon . quick time -dissolve to : ext . long shot angle down on distant freeway - night the headlight stream by . the far-off traffic faintly roar . cont. 234 68 87 cont . 88 zira's voice not that way . we pull back to include both ape lie flat on a outcrop of the wood hillside well below the o.s. Camp . cornelius how be the pain ? zira they come and go . but they be beginning to come quick and go slower , cornelius you ought to rest . but I would like to get farther away , before ... he help she up and , in so do , disturb a ( unseen ) bird which fly off into the darkness with a clatter of wing that disturb they both . zira ( ominously ) like a machine gun , they begin to walk away from the direction of the freeway where , after a few second , a ambulance siren distantly but piercingly warble . zira ( stop ) what 's that ? cornelius ( soothingly ) another bird . they walk on and down , through the thinning tree , until the darkness swallow they . CUT to : int . / ext . shoot from rear to front of station wagon - night as it sharply turn and brake , its headlight illuminate the " danger " sign on Camp gate . we pan to include stevie in driver 's seat . halted , she sound she horn . the gate - latch click . guard emerge and shine a torch on she face turn in profile towards hin . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 69 88 cont. guard miss Stephanie branton ? stevie that 's I . guard Dr. dixon 's expect you . cuT to : 89 new terrain - night 90 91 92 234 no tree now . only bush , which face we . the bush part and cornelius peer out . cornelius it 's a road . we pull back to include highway , as zira 's face join that of cornelius between the parte bush , and pan to see distant headlight approach at such high speed that the ape be almost catch unaware . the bush snap shut two second before a black mercede draw level . we whip pan it , as it pass , and : CUT to : int . mercede - hasslein at wheel and drive very fast because he thought be elsewhere . hasslein ( wrack by doubt ) be it enough , Mr. President ? be it enough ? frore softly ; to himself alone ) why be I still afraid ... ? CUT to : ext . mercede receding so fast that it miss the turnoff to Camp eleven ; brake with a squeal ; reverse , and take the uphill turn . cuT to : ext . in bushes farther along highway cornelius kneel helplessly over recumbent zira , who be again in pain . 234 93 94 95 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/6/70 70 int ./ ext . - hasslein take the sharp turn to the gate ... ... which be open now but manned by three guard . open , too , be the front door from which four police officer emerge to clamber into tick - over police car . other staff be search bush with torch . and ( subject to budget ) the whole area be floodlit . guard 1 ( to hasslein ) you be want in admin , Doctor . urgent . the mercede roar in , narrowly miss the police car as it roar out . we stay with police car and hear its siren start as we : CUT to : administration corridor hasslein stride down corridor and turn through open door into : administration office - e.1. , e.2. , police captain hasslein what 's happen ? cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/29/70 71 . 95 cont . 96 97 e.1 . murder . we pan , fractionally , to include something sheeted on a stretcher . e.2. twitches sheet to reveal : top shot - dead orderly glass - gashed face over this : e.2 .'s voice ( 0o.8 . ) the ape have kill they orderly . back to : hasslein baring he tooth in a smug , I - tell - you - so smile of satisfaction . hasslein where be they ? captain on the run . hasslein 's smile fade and be replace by a look of desperate sincerity which he earlier interview with the President foreshadowed . to e.1 . : hasslein now they have kill , and must be kill . it have to be do -- and do quickly , before we start a stone roll that will gather enough poison moss to kill we all . we CUT away to lewis , listen ( deadpan ) in open doorway . he turn on he heel and walk away . back to : hasslein nothing but weakness , indifference and apathy ! who care what 's go to happen to the human Race two thousand year from now ? who care whether , long , long after we be dead , a man who might have be another Shakespeare , another buddha , even another Christ , will be crawl the face of this earth on all four like a dumb brute cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/29/70 71 - a hasslein ( cont. ) unable to do more than grunt or slobber . I be only a scientist , whose proper tool be cold , prove fact . but scientist be entitle to deduce from fact . scientist be entitle to conscience . and my conscience bleed when I confront this ape and deduce the future of mankind -- however distant . if it 's fanatical to feel pity for the unborn , then I be a fanatic . somebody have get to begin to care . CUT to : lewis and stevie approach front door from inside . in urgent undertone : lewis that 's it then . I will take a right to the freeway . you take a@ leave to the highway . watch the bush at the roadside . they can not have go far . stevie be cry . with more hope than he feel : lewis we will find they . stevie and if we do not ... 7 lewis we will rendezvous at -- cont. 234 98 cont . 99 100 a harras hasslein 72 sed police officer enter front door from outside . lewis -- you know where . on a office outer phone hasslein the female 's pregnant , so they can not move fast . and even if they could , where can they move to ? yes , the police be broad - casting a public warning . and I have the President 's permission to release the interrogation tape to the network . we do not want they martyre . the public have to be tell that the killer of today could become the mass murderer of tomorrow . CUT to : new terrain the ape there be ahead . and fina bush - gir he walk be trudging behind bush on highway where e a few distant light ( as though of habitation ) zira walk witn increase difficulty ; stagger , lly sag . cornelius lower she gently toa t dip in the ground . cornelius I be give up . I be go to get help . zira no ... cornelius look , I only lose my temper and hurt he . it be not as though I would kill he . but if we go on like this , it may kill you . zira ( struggle to rise ) it 's better now . I can walk . cornelius ( hold she down ) they may punish we . but at least the baby will be bear . ( settling she in the dip ) you will be safe here . i'11l come back with help . off into the darkness . cuT to : 234 101 102 103 73 lewis' car drive slowly right he peer from side to side ; approach freeway on -ramp ; hesitates ; then frustratedly shake he head , accelerate and enter freeway . CUT to : stevie' station wagon drive slowly left she peer at the bush out of which cornelius peer in scene 89 ; drive on end recede . cornelius approaching light they turn out to belong to a isolate gas station . cornelius walk nervously towards a light window in its rear . Inside , the radio be broadcasting a variety program , whose ( filter ) voice louden as cornelius draw near : '' wife " honey , we doctor say I need make love to at least five time a week . " husband " put I down for twice . a roar of studio laughter , suddenly fade out . cornelius be about to tap on window ( where a fat attendant sit listen ) when he hear : announcer's voice we interrupt ) this program for a urgent news flash . the ape-onaut be want for murder . the body of twenty - two - year - old hank svenson , a medical orderly presently attach to ... crescendo music ( drown announcement ) mimic the high - string scream in cornelius 's head . he block both ear with he hand . then , as he gut tighten and twist , he clutches he belly and run from gas station . the " scream " thin and fade behind : announcer's voice ( recede ) ... can not have go far . any person sighting the killer should not repeat not try to apprehend they but immediately contact ... cornelius be out of earshot , breathe hard . he recover ; take he bearing , and shamble off in Zira 's direction . CUT to : 234 104 105 74 farther up highway - stevie' station wagon slowly approach ... «.. pass and recede . CUT to : cornelius rejoining zira she be ... sleep ? he touch she . she do not move . cornelius ( alarmed ) Zira ! still no movement . he shake she -- almost roughly . cornelius ( louder ) Zira ! she stir and open dog-tire eye . he sigh with momentary relief . then : cornelius Zira , I kill he . zira ( struggle up , alarmed ) who ? cornelius the orderly at the Camp . he 's dead . I hetrd it speak over the air . she sit up , frighten . cornelius everybody 's hunt for we , Zira . she begin piteously to moan and whimper . he hold she head against he chest , but the whimper continue . suddenly : cornelius hush . still , the whimper . cornelius hush , Zira ! he put a hand over she muzzle ; and in the silence we , too , hear ... a car slowly approach . both ape freeze . cornelius peer through a gap in the bush at : 234 106 107 108 109 75 p.0.v. shot through gap - the highway gradually brightening ... ..- in the glow of approach o.s. headlight . then the headlight enter shot . CUT to : cornelius with zira his eye strain . at length : cornelius it 's stevie 's car . he half -rise , cup a hand to he mouth , as though about to shout ; sensibly desist ; and , instead , pick up a small rock which he throw at station wagon as it pass . cur to : int . slowly moving station wagon - rock hit window which ( mildly ) crack without splintering . stevie peer out at : p.0o.v. shot - cornelius carrying zira Station wagon draw up quietly by roadside . stevie be she all right ? cornelius she 's in labor . he help zira into rear section , where there be blanket , and pull the door shut . stevie ( softly ) poor darling ... ( start a U -turn ) hide under the blanket . the news be bad . cornelius I know . I hear it ... announce . stevie , I do not mean to kill he . he be teasing Zira and I hit he with a tray . he trip and crack he head on the table . please believe -- cont. 76 109 cont. stevie I do , cornelius , I do . but they will not . u- turn complete , she be drive quietly back along highway . cornelius stevie , you will not take we back to the Camp ...? stevie ( ghost of a smile ) no. Lewis and I have a better idea . CUT to : 110 wea Tet close shot - a dark , dapper , handsome man - gh 's in he 40' and , seemingly , of Latin extraction . armando ( deadpan ) you be ask the impossible ! but ... ( dazzle smile ) ... for you , I have do it . we pull back to include lewis peel off he leather jjerkin in a elegant caravan whose wall be plaster with handbills for " /. rmando' circus " . as lewis hang he jerkin on a hook : armando and for you two distinguished friend . lewis ( ruefully ) notorious , now . armando to hell with notoriety ! what be a husband expect to do ? stand by and see he wife insulted ? if I do that to my own ape , they would kill I . and with my die breath , I would say ... cont . 234 77 110 cont . ill 112 113 armando ( cont . ) ( hoarsely ) ' you be right , dear friend , you be right . ' ( normal voice ) God ! be not we rude enough to each other without have to be rude to animal ? ( open caravan door ) and anyway , he do not mean to kill the boy . it be a accident . lewis I be very grateful , armando . armando ( in doorway ) you help to deliver we last baby . come and deliver we next . lewis take he vet 's bag from beside a Sony tv set on @ table with lace cloth ; and armando walk he into : ext . circus complex - night tney pass a humbler caravan on whose step a male and female midget sit smoking . armando ( genially ) hercules ! brunhilde ! it 's time you be in bed . brunhilde ( coy2y ) we have be in bed . armando smile and wave good night . he and lewis reach : ext . big top on either side of its entrance be cage -- three with lions , three with tiger , who placidly grunt and yawn as armando and lewis pass between they into : int . master scene - big top dim and shadowy , for the audience have long go home . again , there be three " indoor " cage flanking each side of the entrance ; and only the middle cage in the right - hand sector -- contain the as yet unseen cornelius and zira -- be light by a single hang electric bulb which faintly illuminate the entire scene . from the shadow stevie run , relieved , to lewis and armando . cont. 234 78 113 cont . stevie oh , Lewis , = think you would never come ! armando 's be a saint . armando ( smile ) a minor one . St. Francis would have fix it better . stevie never ! look what we have do . we intercut chimp in cage , during : armando ( show first cage ) here we have put the bad-temper and troublesome nero . he get headache and , like he namesake ... idea . his brain be grow faster than he crenium . stevie it 's endemic among young chimp -- lewis -- and incurable . armando ( sadly ) I know . he will have to leave . nero slap he aching head and pound the floor of the cage . armando ( show second cage ) here we have bundle the rest of the troupe , include heloise , abelard and -- salome , you god - daughter . his eye guiltily swivel heavenward at this minimal blasphemy and he cross himself . over a shot of heloise suckling ( model of ) salome : armando' voice ( 9.8. , proudly ) the only chimp ever bear in a circus . back to : lewis Los Angeles have have four . cont. 234 79 113 cont.1 armando ( with scorn ) Los Angeles be not a circus . it be a z00 . lewis so New yorker say . armando do a double - take and begin to laugh , but put a finger to he lip before obliquely point , with elaborate secrecy , through connect bar to third ( light ) cage . stevie ( smile ; whisper ) look . obliquely ( through front bar of second cage and side bar contiguous with third ) we see a vague figure prowl - ing back and forth . then armando tiptoe lewis and stevie in front of third cage , where we clearly see cornelius ... pace up and down like any anxious husbard about to become a father . in shadow at the cage 's rear lie zira , head towards and foot away from we . in whisper , as cornelius abstractedly pace : armando and here be you friend ... who be now alsc mine . stevie we clean it out ourselves . and the mattress be armando 's . armando ( shrugging ) I be use to sleep hard . he have speak aloud . cornelius stop he pace and see ... cornelius Lewis ! ( stride urgently to bar ) I be not responsible for the death -- lewis ( take he hand ) I know . ( smile ) but ypu will shortly be responsible for a birth . how be she ? cont. 234 80 113 cont.2 114 cornelius the pain come every five minute . from b.g.: zira ( the truth , as always ) every four . cornelius resume he abstract pace and be unaware of a minor commotion as heloise ( in second cage ) push past other chimpanzee to display salome through the bar to zira , who roll over on she side to inspect the baby . zira ( through bar to salome ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma ... ( ad lib ) . this be too much for the nerve of : cornelius Zira , do not waste you breath and you strength ! you know that a child bear of two primitive ape will never talk . zira I be get into practice . ( to salome ) ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma -- her face contort . she give a deep cry of pain , as we : SHOCK CUT to : ( SOUND ) 0.s. baby first cry over ( visual ) electric bulb hanging in upper frame lewis 's arm rise into shot from lower frame , triumphantly hold ( model ) baby upside down by its leg and slapping it repeatedly to maintain breathe . once this be assure , we pull back to include lewis give baby to zira , who lie with she back to we . she display baby to the kneel - ing cornelius , who rapturously stare and stare and stare . at length : cornelius what be we go to call ...? lewis ( smiie ) him . cont. 234 81 114 cont . 115 116 zira milo . we pull back further through the front bar to include stevie and armando watch . armando be lighting a cigar -- presumably for himself . but as cornelius , the proud father , advance to receive congratulation , armando offer the cigar through the bar to cornelius , who have see enough of America to know what to do with it . he puff it -- once professionally , and a second time catastrophically . as he cough and cough : armando no? cornelius ( hoarsely ) no. he return cigar to armando , who smoke it . CUT to : ext , camp ground - e.1. pacing with hasslein - day hasslein ( at wit 's end ) where would ape go ? e.1. suddenly halt . after a beat : e.1 . to other ape . hasslein ( light dawn ) you be right ! search every zoo , every menagerie , every circus ...! cut to : int . caravan - armando - day he be breakfast , at the lace - cover table , off fry egg and sausage ; but the egg have congeal on a cold plate and the sausage remain impale , uneaten , on he upraise fork as he bodefully watch he Sony tv set or the same table . we close to : 82 117 master shot - armando and tv screen zira's voice Bones , muscle , tendon , vein , artery , kidney , liver , heart , stomach , reproductive organ -- e.1 .'s voice of the dead ? zira's voice no , no , no . of the live ! armando slowly lower he sausage - impale fork to the cold plate , which he push away . zira's voice there be one who ... somehow ... die . he possess a unique skin . we have it stuff and put in we museum . it be black . as tv screen momentarily fade : armando ( a mutter ) Lewis be right . they have fake the tape . you can almost hear the join ... tv screen fade in : announcer that recording of the female ape 's confession to the c.i.a. will be repeat on kabc regular news bulletin at 4:30 , 5:30 and 11:00 p.m . two big ( photographic ) head of cornelius and zira flash up in b.g. during : announcer meanwhile , the latest news be that the search for the killer ape have be switch to zoo , menagery and circuse in the Los Angeles area ... armando rise abrupt _y . announcer ..- where it 's think they may be seek they own kind . cont. 234 234 83 117 cont . 118 armando bastard ! as he leave caravan , without switch off set : announcer stay tune for Movie mystery , follow a commercial . the tv screen now fill ours ; and up come a memory of happier day : the " chiquita banana " commercial , from which we : quick dissolve to : ape ' cage - day the electric bulb have be switch off and the light come only from the morning sun filter through the thick tent canvas of the Big top . we pull back from close shot : baby milo , asleep on the mattress -- all but the back of he little head wrap in a rough , dark blanket which ( special effect ! ) rise and fall in rhythm with he breathe . zira squat solicitously beside he . armando pace up and down as frustratedly as do cornelius , who now sit motionless on a wooden stool , stare gloomily ahead with he chin cup in he hand . stevie watch they from outside the bar . armando I have plan it all so well ! in a month we move on to we winter quarter in Florida . I could have release you in the everglade and -- oh , my dear , dear friend ! -- you might have live happily ever after . but now ... that phony tape , that one accidental death , will turn the people against you . and all zoo , menagery and circuse be to be searched . ( in despair ) so what can I do ? cornelius you have do enough to make we grateful to you forever . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/2/79 84 118 cont . zira why do you do it , armando ? armando I do it because I like chimpanzee best of all ape , and you the best of all chimpanzee . I da it because I hate that who try to alter destiny , which be the unalterable will of God . if it be man 's destiny one day to be dominate , then please God let he be dominate by such as you . dear friend , before the police come and the audience gather , you and you pretty baby must go . from outside the bar : stevie I will call Lewis . as she slip away : armando all I can now do to help you be give you this -- for the child . from he pocket he take a little medal on a short chain , to which we close , during : armando' voice it be a medal of St. Francis of assissi . we pull back as he give the medal to zira , who study it curiously with cornelius peer over she shoulder . cornelius who be he ? armando ( smile ) he be ... a holy man who love and care for all animal . hang it around the baby 's neck . for protection . zira thank you . ( deat ) and armando ? cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/2/70 84 - a 118 cont. armando yes ? zira I should like to say good - bye to heloise . armando if only she could speak , she would say how sorry -- zira ( quietly ) I know . we understand each other . he look at she , interested ; and open the adjacent cage . pick up the blankete baby milo , she approach and enter : a-118 the next cage all the chimp be quiet ; but none so quiet as heloise , squatting in the shadow with baby salome at she breast . zira squat opposite she , a yard away , with baby milo in she lap . for five second the two mother survey each other -- motionless , silent and with grave sympathy -- in a master shot from which we CUT away once to mo . shot of heloise and once ( for longer ) to mo . shot of zira . then we slowly track in to closeup of zira , on whom we : fade out and cur in : 234 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 29/70 85 b- 118 c-118 119 - 121 122 123 ext . day - hasslein' black mercede approach and halt outside : entrance to los angele ( new ) Z00 where outcome officer be clamber back into three police car and a attendant ambulance . hasslein ( through car window ) any luck ? police officer no , sir . another blank . we close to hasslein channele he frustration into a single sharp foot - jab on the accelerator . hasslein there must be a way ... the engine ( in neutr é1 ) snarl on he behalf as we : cuT to : we ext . station wagon approaching oil well location - dusk int . station wagon stevie drive . lewis beside she with map . ape and blankete baby lie down ( for concealment ) in rear , to which lewis now swivel in he seat . lewis can you read a map ? cornelius I be a archeologist . I can even draw one . lewis let map unroll over the back of he seat , where cornelius ( on he stomach ) can read it . lewis ( indicate ) we be at the southern edge of this oil field here . and here be as far as we dare take you , because we have get to get back for the night search . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/29/79 85-a 123 cont. lewis ( cont . ) ( apologetic smile ) we be suppose to be what 's call a ' integral part ' of it . CuT to : 124 AIR shot from helicopter over circus area - dusk we zoom down to Big top and : dissolve through to : 234 86 125 int . big top police search ape cage in which ape ( except for nero ) have be redistribute . armando , accompany police , pretend to be very , very bored . 126 ext . establishing shot - oil field - dusk grey derrick , like cluster eiffel tower . grey pump like Iron Age bird , rhythmically peck for the grit that will turn they egg golden . and , between they , grey scrub tufte with grey grass whose sap have run dry as lunar dust . we be on a moon , landscape and arch - itected by man . we end with long shot angle down from steep hillside : the station wagon -- a grey beetle with side - light eye , scuttling to concealment off the highway , and halting . its beetle - wing door flap open . 127 close master shot - the occupant alighting lewis try to counter the intense emotion of this farewell moment by be brisk and practical -- but never really succeed . a few scattered light switch on among the derrick as darkness fall , during : lewis look out for the night watchmen . ( hold map in dimme headlight ) but once you be over that hill , you be in more open country . Strike west from here and you will hit a disus ship 's graveyard . zira wrap the baby warmer against the beginning of a night breeze , which blow loose tuft of grass about she foot . lewis I use to play there when I be a kid . nothing but hulk , mostly . but you could rest and hide there and get you strength back before you move on . zira ( dismally ) on ? below they , a truck roar along the highway . lewis look uneasily over he shoulder and back at map . cont . 234 87 127 cont. lewis from the ship 's graveyard it 's @ night 's walk to this creek , where there 's a cave here . not a fancy one , so no one go -- except ... ( muster a smile ) «myself , when young . but there 's fresh water and berry -- stevie and we would try to see you and bring you supplies . again the night breeze . the baby whimper . zira ( rock it ) ma-ma-ma-ma-ma ... her voice trail to silence . lewis it 's dark enough to get go . but cornelius be look at the baby . cornelius Lewis . lewis yes ? cornelius if they find we , we shall be kill ? lewis ( with unwilling honesty ) ultimately . cornelius then give we the chance to kill ourselves when ... if the moment come . a long beat , in which lewis 's hand go to he pocket ».-. and stay there . zira please . cont . 234 234 88 127 cont.1 128 129 lewis I should not give you this . ( hand a pistol to cornelius ) but I guess you might ask . ( wry smile ) it be loan to I by the c.i.a. for my safety . now it 's for yours ... and milo't . zira , carry baby , have join group in front of dimme headlight . zira you be the second human I have kiss . she put she muzzle to he lip , as we see she do to Taylor . cornelius ( diffidently to stevie ) and you be the first . he kiss stevie , whose eye be wet ; then grab zira , almost harshly , by the hand . cornelius come along , Zira ! do not dawdle ! he haul she off unceremoniously into the swallow darkness , leave lewis and stevie ( they back to we ) watch they recede . we zoom to : close two shot - back of lewis' and stevie' head he turn to she in angry profile . lewis ( as harshly as cornelius ) stop hang about ! time dissolve to : oil field - ape trio - night note : we director 's more detailed reconnaissance of the wilmington and San pedro location should yield abundant material for a montage laden with nocturnal menace . finally , after a steep , exhaust ascent during which cornelius take the baby and almost crush it by stumbling forward on slippery ground , they achieve : 234 130 131 89 hilltop below , the tall derrick abut on the more distantly glimmer tank of the refinery . nothing in ape City ever look so eerie as this ; and zira point a alarmed finger at the tank . zira who life in that ? but cornelius be look elsewhere at darker , more open country beyond . cornelius we be over the hill . ( take bearing from the star ) now we go west . ( over-optimistically ) this will be easier . take milo and keep behind I . I want to be sure all 's clear . they begin : montage - the descent more perilous than the climb , for the hill 's farther slope be steeper and more slippery . use double when necessary , we increasingly speed up cutting tempo as : A. cornelius start sure - footedly towards : B. Derrick at hill 's base . c. zira ( with baby ) start sure - footedly , but : D . the slope steepen . E. she begin involuntarily to run ... f. .+. faster and fester ... G. ++.- until out of control . H. cornelius , appail ; not dare to shout . he traverse the slope to intercept she , but : I . she collide with he ; fall on she back , hold the squealing baby protectively high , and : J. slide past cornelius , towards : K. Derrick , loom . cont . revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 90 131 cont . 132 133 13h 23h L. cornelius , helplessly reacting . m Derrick , loom nearer . n. cornelius hide he eye . oo zira barely graze derrick , one of whose sharp girder ... P. ... retain a shred of she tear dress . montage end . panning cornelius as he stumble frantically down slope ( dislodge a few small rock which avalanche behind he ) into shot with : zira sit bolt upright in the grass and quietening the baby . zira ( authoritatively ) ma-ma-ma-ma-ma ... cornelius ( help she up and take baby ) be you all right ? zira ( rub she back ) except I feel like I have be brand . cornelius then let 's get go . ( look about ) we make a bit of noise . as they recede westward into the darkness , we pull back to include base of derrick with the shred of zira 's dress still attach to a lower girder . then we slow - zoom forward to : dark print - closeup - the shreed we hold this for three second until ( over fade - up SOUND of bloodnound bark and yapping ) the dark print slowly and artificially brighten to the intensity of : 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 91 135 136 137 138 139 140 1 day print ( same as scene 134 ) the bark peak . a police bloodhound 's nose push into frame and excitedly nuzzle and sniff the shred . then another nose . and another . we zoom back to : full panoramic shot ( day ) - last night's terrain ... .«.. now fizzing and swarm with ant - like police activity under the hot midday sun . we intercut : - handlers struggle to restrain they hysterically yapping bloodhound . - fingerprint expert insufflate the telltale girder . - a police squad , in extend order , comb the downward hill slope and note sign of disturbance . meanwhile : on the summit of the hill stand hasslein ... ... lowering angle - down binocular to reveal cold , triumphant eye . as a distant whistle blow , he see : p.o.v. long shot - bloodhound starting to follow scent ... +.. with police in jeep behind . shoot up ( mo . close ) at hasslein on summit he consult a map , whose indication he eye compare with the direction of the chase . then he briskly fold up map and disappear behind summit in what we know to be the direction of the highway . weary ape ( with baby ) halt and look up at : fade sign mckinley & son naval scrapyard we tilt down from sign to the tall wire fence beneath . it have long since cease to fulfill its protective function . a second sign ( " no trespassing " ) -- so pock with rust that it be almost illegible -- dangle diagonally from erode wire mesh in which spider may safely spin . tilt end on tear gap at fence 's base . cornelius 's hand reach into lower right of frame and tug at wire above gap . it snap like trellis with dry rot ; and we pull back to see cornelius tug away enough wire to widen the gap -- through which he and zira ( with baby ) now enter : 234 142 143 144 145 92 outer scrapyard we pan ape along a rutte road past mountainous dump of nautical trash : mildew timber , huge propeller leprous with dead mollusk , metal tube that look as if they would snap like cheese stick , and , all alone , a smashed glass dial that use to register " full speed ahead " but now register ... " stop " . at the road 's end , which be the water 's edge , cornelius and zira halt and look uneasily ahead . zira the ship 's graveyard . cornelius only for tonight . establishing shot - graveyard a shanty town of ship that have die ' without burial -- beach on the mud or berthe in scummy water to rot and rust under the sun and the salt air . laid out haphazardly , like corpse after a plague , they still carry trace of they former finery about they , as a skeleton may wear jewel : jet-black mussel choke the iron neck of a anchor ; a bollard 's head , tiara would with barnacle ; limpet-rings round the two splay finger of a cleat ; and a gangway ( which the ape now gingerly cross ) jump and swinging like the necklace on a balinese dancer . perhaps the ship be not quite dead . for sometimes , on the slack tide , they move with a arthritic creak or touch one another with a groan -- this poor , amputate hulk who once ride the ocean as proudly and delicately as dolphin . the ape step aboard and survey : the ship a decrepit coastal craft , sawn off clean at the stern which be wedge against the sea wall , she aft super - structure ( whose paint have flake like a old whore 's ) rise in three tier of arched entrance to cabin . we close to one of this and : CUT to : cornelius ( with zira and baby ) pointing cornelius there . CUT to : revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 93 146 full shot - the chase it have reach the refinery tank , through which the yapping bloodhound now weave . CUT to : 147 int . hasslein' black mercede he be drive at speed - we know not whither . CUT back to : 148 ape zira sit in the cabin entrance , she blankete baby on she lap , she leg dangle over the top-tier catwalk -- for all the world like a grandmother take the sun on she stoop . we intercut shot of putrescence and pollution , during : zira do Lewis really play here ? cornelius perhaps it be cleaner then . zira it stink of man . cornelius ( charitably ) that 's oil . and dead fish . zira be that what man want oil for ? to kill fish ? the baby begin to cry . she absently rock it . cornelius you do not like they , do you ? zira we have meet hundred here -- and I trust three , ( to baby ) ma-ma-ma-ma ... but the baby go on cry . zira he want feed . cont . 234 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 93-a 148 cont. as she prepare to suckle baby : zira ( a patent hint to cornelius ) so do i. cornelius rise and stretch in the hot sun . cornelius I will look for berry . stay here till I come back . ( look about ) all 's quiet . cuT to : 149 the chase it be not quiet here . jeeps roar , bloodhound yap , and dust rise from open country beyond the refinery tank , which be still visible in distant b.g . cut to : 234 150 151 152 153 154 94 cornelius denude a dusty bush of its few dusty berry , which he put carefully in a rusty can . he cautiously straighten ; look landward and seaward ; then move off -- maybe in search of more berry , maybe to go " home " . CUT to : shoot behind and through wire fence include the back of the diagonally dangle " no trespassing " sign . through mesh we see hasslein 's mercede ( dusty now ) slowly approach we from mo . to close shot . it stop just short of fence . hasslein alight ; peer speculatively about he ; look up at big sign ; then lower at small sign ; then down at the fence 's foot ... where the freshly tear wire intrigue he , for he touch and feel it . he enter through gap and , pass camera , move cautiously out of shot . CUT to : zira in cabin entrance the baby asleep on she lap . the sun be very hot . zira herself begin to nod into a doze ; then ( with a start ) realize that she must not sleep expose , but only in concealment . she rise with baby and enter : int . cabin pretty dark , for the sunlight barely filter through the two filthy scupper pane . and you would not know it be a cabin , because all the furniture have long since be remove . she adjust the blanket so that it will serve both as a wrap and a pillow for the baby ; then herself lie down on the bare board ( from which a cockroach scuttle ) with she head near the baby . we slow - track in to closeup of she tired eye . the heavy lid blink ++. droop ... and fall . cuT to : hasslein approaching the water' edge he look speculatively at the ship . a possibility ? he approach the gangway . test it with he foot . the timber be serviceable and it hold . he start walk up the gangway -- and at he fourth step realize that , though it hold , it sway ... and rattles . CUT to : 234 155 156 157 158 159 160 95 closeup - zira's eye they be open but not alarmed . she have wake but be not aware that anything wake she . we stay on she eye for three long second . then the gangway rattles again -- louder . alert , she rise on one elbow . zira ( call ) cornelius ? CUT to : hasslein ... ... kbave achieve the deck , stop dead in he track . he be move , with he back to we , in the wrong direction . now he turn into camera ; and from he face we know that he have hear not only the call but the name that be call . he head noiselessly in the vague direction of the sound 's source , pass camera , which pan to he stealthily recede back and follows he as he climb towards the seaward end of the catwalk . cuT to : looking along catwalk from seaward end hasslein , still with he back to we , walk from seaward towards landward end . CUT to : int . cabin zira hear the footstep with relief . it must be she husband , home again . she rise , pick up baby and make for the cabin door . CUT to : looking landward along catwalk hasslein be approach the landward end in b.g. , when zira in f.g. ( with baby ) peer out of cabin entrance and look seaward , where the footstep be come from . zira cornelius ? hear the quick scrape of a shoe suddenly turn , she spin round to confront : p.0.v. flash - hasslein five yard off and face she with a revolver not yet aim . CUT to : revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/29/70 96 161 162 163 164 165 166 234 zira Quick glance into cabin door . no , she would be trap there . swiftly she back to catwalk 's seaward end ; stoops and set the cry baby down on the catwalk , a little to one side and behind she so she can step in front to protect it . as she straighten : CUT to : flash - hasslein fire twice CUT to : the blanket twitches twice ... .».. and , as the cry cut out , be still . CUT to : hasslein with revolver aimed advance step by step on zira . at he second step , we may or may not notice the o.s. gangplank rattle once . at he fourth step , a gun fire . the bullet hit he in the right side of the neck . for a second , he stand quite still . then , almost apologetically to zira : hasslein somebody have to begin to ... care . the last word be less a word than a cough ; and the cough be bloody . hasslein 's eye glaze , as he pitch forward . over the thud of he fall : CUT to : cornelius on gangway lower Lewis 's pistol . on SOUND , we reprise crescendo music mimick the high-string " scream " in he head ( which he hear when he know he have kill the orderly ) and we hold " scream " until he speak . now he stagger dumbly up the sway , clatter gangway ; cross the cluttere deck to the seaward rail , and clamber up the catwalk companionway to : zira by ship' seaward rail as cornelius precipitately enter shot , the " scream™ thin and fade for : cornelius ( sobbing ) Zira , I have kill two man . I be @ murderer , Zira . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 97 166 cont . 167 168 169 170 171 hysterically he hurl lewis 's offend pistol into the sea . we hear the splash as she take he in she arm . and , in the first silence , we ( but not yet they ) become aware of the faint bark of bloodhound . now , with shame , down -hanging head profile against zira 's breast , cornelius see : p.o.v. shot - the still blanket between the ship 's rail and zira 's foot . over this : cornelius' voice be the baby ...? he can not say the word " dead " . and now we blood crawl . for zira 's right foot jab savagely backwards , kick the blanket and its small corpse under the ship 's rail and into the sea . over a splash louder than the pistol 's : CUT to : cornelius still profile against he wife 's breast and look up questioningly at : p.0o.v. big head - zira looking down she be sneering . and we hold this inexplicable reaction until the bark bloodhound and the wail siren grow loud enough to wipe it off she face , as we : CUT to : two shot zira imperiously beckone cornelius to the seaward companionway 's head . SHOCK CUT to : police search erupt into graveyard area bloodhound , handler , jeep , a ambulance and blue-wink , shrill - siren car which eject more Police officer . the noise deafen . we pick out one bloodhound haul its handler up the landward companionway to nose out ... hasslein 's corpse . handler ( yell down ) they be armed ! cut to : revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/8/70 98 172 173 174 175 234 zira racing ahead of cornelius ... ... towards the gangway . zira ( without look round ; yell ) cornelius ! get off the ship ! CUT to : reverse shot - a whistle blows - the handlers unleash there bloodhound which converge , in a snarling torrent , on the gangway . zira be only halfway down it , when the " torrent " hit she and she go under . when the bloodhound disperse , she lie on the gangplank , lacerate , bleed and in mortal pain . a captain and a police officer clatter up the gangway . the captain look down . captain ( curtly ) put she out of she misery . we stay on police officer only , as he shoot she . CUT to : cornelius farther back and higher up , amidship . yelling down at the top of he lung : cornelius scum ! filthy , smooth -skin , human scum ! CuT to : dockside - e.1 . ( armed ) push through police and look up . e.l . come quietly , cornelius . cornelius quietly ? we all come quietly , want to be you friend and wishing you no harm . uietly ? when you have kill everything I have leave to love ? now kill I . or ... ( right hand creep to pocket ) + + eI 'l ] kill you . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 9/29/70 99 175 cont . 176 177 178 we know the pistol be in the sea . we know cornelius be suicidally draw they fire . but the police know nothing , and e.1. fire -- accurately at cornelius 's right hand . cornelius look at the hand in scorn . cornelius I say kill I . bloody hand in pocket , he begin to walk down towards the gangway , simulate a gun-muzzle with two ( pockete ) finger . e.1. 's gun fire twice -- hit cornelius in the chest and shoulder . cornelius walk on . the captain turn to the police officer . captain ( it could be with compassion ) let he have it . police officer aim and fire he rifle . the bullet hit cornelius above the heart . at the gangway 's head , he halt , sway , take he maim right hand ( unarm ) out of he pocket and hold it over the death wound . cornelius ( look down gangway ) you can not break my heart any more . you break it when ... he pitch forward . the gangway clatter as he slide down it , face foremost , until he dead cheek touch zira 's . CUT to : station wagon violently halting in rear of police lewis and stevie push through , to confront : full shot - dockside and ship as a ambulance draw up at the foot of the gangway where police be lay out the two body , another officer enter left frame , carry a third . a very small body , and naked . the officer set it down between zira and cornelius . cur to : shoot down over back of stevie and lewis as they survey the holocaust . suddenly and in need of comfort , he put a hand almost fiercely on she shoulder and turn into bitter profile . cont. 234 revised - " the secret of the planet of the ape " - 10/2/70 100 178 cont . 179 lewis hasslein be right : it have to be do . we crane steeply back and up to include a full aerial shot of the scene , as the body be lift into the ambulance and the ambulance drive away . now , while the camera still soar , we overlap on SOUND : the noise of sleepy lion grunt , the squeak and gibber of smaller animal , the whinnying of horse , and the soft thud of a mallet on wood . fade out visual only and quick - fade in armando' circus - dawn the Big top be be lower and spectacularly balloon to earth behind crate ( be lift onto truck ) , caravan , generator ... and a line of wheeled animal cage which armando be approach from b.g. , as we track past cage and more slowly approach he . the lion grunt . the tiger snarl . dog and circus hand distantly bark and shout . we track on in to profile close shot of armando . he have pause at the head of the line by a cage whose content he mask . armando ( throwaway ) intelligent creature ! but then , so ... ( crossing himself ) ... be you mother and father . ( shouting o.s . ) ready to move in five minute ... ! he walk out of shot between cage and camera , unmask ( as we close ) a infant chimpanzee . it stand , clutching the bar of the cage through which it stare intently and alertly . then , in a opportune silence : baby chimp ( triumphantly ) ma-ma-ma-ma-ma ... it continue with increase enthusiasm to declaim the first word ( if you can call they that ) ever uttere by a ape bear in captivity . we move in close enough to identify the medal of St. Francis round its small neck . fade out the end