Film script : benny and joon Home in benny 's garage . Randy : so be plan we next vacation right . I want Australia , she want Italy . I like snorkel . she like garlic . all of a sudden , out of nowhere , she say to I do I need she ? Jesus benny , what kind of question be that ? I mean need , what do it mean to really need somebody ? Eric : benny , fuel line . benny : hey waldo , could you answer that phone ? waldo : yeah , hello ? postman : I need a check benny , c.o.d . benny : in a minute , meet I in the office . postman : ( quietly ) all right benny : whoa , put that out , I get a fuel line break . waldo : hey benny , it 's joon on the phone again benny : well tell she I will call she back , ask she what she want waldo : its a emergency , she say you run low on peanut butter super chunks benny : ( quietly ) emergency … in the garage office benny : ( on phone ) all right , the issue be jelly , you only like two kind . you either like grape or poison berry , which ? all right . yeah , yeah peanut butter , I know , super kind , all right , see you at 6 . ok , bye . ( hang up phone ) hi , thanks for wait m’am . erm , im afraid that the best deal we can do for you be go to be , erm , $ 7750 . but I think if you check around you will see that that be a really good deal . girl : yeah ? Eric : that really be a very good deal m’am . a little too good … girl : let 's do it . outside benny and joon 's house , then inside . ( benny be walk home from work , he hear shouting inside ) joon : get out of my sight ! smeal : you would not dare joon . ( joon scream and throw plate across room . ) benny : what be go on here ? ( he rush in ) joon ! Mrs smeal ! Mrs smeal , please . smeal : beware the wind of reason shall blow stern . benny : what ? smeal : I be do Mr Pearl , I be do . the mule turn to glue , she leave the house unescort , she have sudden outburst . she be simply unmanageable benny : Mrs smeal ! please , wait , please . let I talk to she . I can talk to she , you cant quit on such short notice . smeal : oh , well I be sorry sir . in Ireland we have a say when a boat run ashore , the sea have speak . ( Mrs smeal leave ) in the kitchen , benny be cooking and on the phone to Eric . benny : listen , if she be go to be alone every day until I find another housekeeper , I be not leave she alone at night too . Eric : listen bring she , what 's she go to do ? she paint and she read . benny : yeah , she paint , she read , she light thing on fire . Eric : that happen once . look I get a fire extinguisher , just bring she . now get you ass over here , and do not forget the louie prang record . remember , always play for keep . benny : all right , all right , all right , I will be there . benny : joon dinner ! spaghetti and salad . joon : in that order ? benny : what happen between you and Mrs smeal ? joon : she be give the fit of semi-precious metaphor . benny : the woman 's a house keeper joon , not a English professor . joon : she move thing . benny : she say you wander off . do you leave the house alone ? joon : define alone benny : you know full well what I be talk about . listen , while im at work I cant be worried about whether or not you knock another house keeper into early retirement . first it be Mrs larkburg . joon : a woman deeply and hygienically disturb . her hair smell . benny : but then it be Mrs piltz . joon : piltz , the answer in the question . let 's face it Benjamin , hire house keeper be not you forte . benny : oh yeah , well until I do find another house keeper , you be go to stick close to the house , you understand ? now have some salad . oh by the way , I want you to come with I to my poker game joon : benny … benny : come on , you will have a good time they travel to the poker game and joon see Sam in the tree . they arrive at the poker game man : erm , wet belt buckle Mike : classical Greek martini shaker benny : 6 turkey feather dart Thomas : I will see you with the diana durban album benny : come on Thomas : and I will raise you with the stethoscope Mike : do it have little plastic ear piece on the end ? Thomas : what do you care ? you never win mike ! Mike : well if I do , I do not want the , stabbing my ear drum . steering wheel knob Eric : salad shooter benny : 56 debenture iron Thomas : foldo Mike : well you must have a good hand , huh benny : no , I be bluff Mike : really benny : come on , you get to play to find out , come on Mike : ok , 150ft of coaxial cable . show they benny : full house , jack over four 's Eric : ( laugh ) oh shit Mike : I think he be bluff Thomas : well some one get some air to he brain . he be bluff about bluff Mike : you be a real pal benny , I tell you what , I get a solution to you house keeper problem , you can have my room mate . joon : oh that 's a terrific offer Benjamin . to save you from the retch chore of smeal shopping . that place be such drudgery be not they ? Montgomery and smeal , smeal and roebuck , smeal 'o 's we … benny : joon . you get a roommate ? when do you get a roommate ? Mike : since last week . my cousin land in town and my life have go from heaven to hell in 7 day . Thomas : just like the good lord intend Mike : yeah , 20 year old and he can not even read . he spend all day polish my plastic fork . Eric : what do you mean when you say he can not read ? you mean word ? Mike : yeah , and he keep I up all night watch stupid old movie . my work start to suffer . joon : you install cable tv . benny : joon , would you please glue you sequin joon : have we a internal sequin issue to deal with Benjamin ? benny : can we make this the last hand ? come on , come on , play card . Eric : 2 ticket to tomorrow night baseball game benny : 1 pocket fisherman Thomas : fold benny : do you ever stay in ? Mike : a snorkel mask next morning in benny and joon 's house . joon be wear a snorkel mask and make a smoothie . she go outside and hold up the traffic . in the social worker officesw : she really know how to rattle the day help benny : you know , I think we need to find someone more understanding than Mrs smeal SW : now let I tell you something . how be you two get along ? benny : we ? Fine , normal , you know fine . why ? SW : I will level with you . I think its time you give serious consideration into a group home benny : she already have a home SW : benny , she need to be with she peer benny : yeah , she hate she peer . she have already quit the two day centre to prove it . look all we need right now be a new housekeeper SW : well I know of no one else . you have be up and down the list . now you might want to entertain the possibility that there be some people more capable of handle this episode than you . I be beginning to that that you live together may not be the best thing any more benny : I be she brother and she only family . and we have do just fine the two of we for 12 year . SW : yes but she stress level be always a factor in she display of symptom . her agitation should be keep to a minimum benny : everybody get agitate sometimes it 's the only option SW : benny , do not get I wrong I be impressed that you have manage this long . but a group home would give she a chance to develop other relationship . also we do not know this but what if she be capable of a part time job ? they would encourage she in that direction . this be very nice place 's , nurture , supportive benny : I be not farming she out joon have hold up the traffic and the driver be get angry and shouting at she . a police man arrive joon : I have every right to be outside officer . I have ever right . Police : yes m’am . May I see some id please ? in benny 's garage benny : hey waldo , do you start that brake job yet ? waldo : joon call . she say that you have run out of tapioca . benny : she what ? waldo : oh , and the police will cooperate benny : holy shit . listen Jack , you want to go to the baseball game tonight , Jack : hey thanks benny . benny : box seat . hello , joon ? back at the house . joon be painting . benny : time for you medicine joonbenny in he bedroom benny : night Steve at the garage benny : oh hello , how 's it go ? girl : I appreciate the deal on the engine benny : oh yeah , no problem . be it run alright ? girl : yeah , it 's run great benny : oh , good girl : so can I erm , make it up to you with some dinner . benny : some dinner ? erm you serious ? girl : yeah , dinner with you benny : erm , you know what I can not . I mean I have like to but I can not girl : ok benny : ok Eric : stupid , stupid at the house play table tennis benny : 18:15 joon : 17:16 benny : 18:15 joon : it catch the corner . benny : it be a foot off the table joon : it be not benny : juniper joon : Benjamin . do not underestimate the mentally ill . we know how to count benny : ok , fine 17:16 joon : you can not give I what be already mine . you be try to cheat benny : I be not cheating joon : cheating benny : joon , I do not cheat . you be the one who 's cheating joon : you be all try to cheat I , you be try to cheat . joon throw the racket and smashes a lamp . she then run upstairs at the hospital Thomas : ( on the phone at the hospital ) yeah , alright I speak to some of the guy from the staff benny . nobody want to be you house keeper . I will keep try but I get to tell you I do not think so benny : ( on the phone at home ) yeah , ok thanks . byejoon be play with a fan and some paper . she let go of the paper and it fly into a candle set alight . benny put it out and go upstairs . he sit on the bed benny : ok steviehe go to feed he fish , but it be dead . he take it to the bathroom and flush it down the toilet . outside Eric 's house benny : I mean I cant even keep a goldfish alive . what chance do I have with joon ? if something bad happen to she I have , I have never ever be able to forgive myself Eric : a group home be the right thing for she benny . benny : yeah , this be defiantly for she own good Eric : hey , it 's for both you own good . how much longer can you do this to you self ? you be life be literally pass you by benny : you be right . you be right . what be I do with myself ? I spend my life work on car and take care of my sister . I cant even have a relationship without have to worry how joon be go to fit in . Eric : you know , once you get settle in you can actually take a vacation . Travel a little . I can hold down the fort no problem . benny : travel ? Travel ? Eric : benny , there be a whole world out there man , I mean picture yourself on the open road , wind in the hair in the alcamino . highway stretch out b- what 's that ? up ahead ? a lovely motorist . stranded . carburettor trouble . better investigate . benny : yeah right , I be go to be stop at a pay phone every 15 minute to call joon to see how she 's do . at another poker game Mike : ok let see , Black sabbath over there Thomas : you get that flash light ? Mike : its not a flashlight . it turn out its a brush kind of thing . hat Thomas : where 's the battery ? Mike : you do not win any battery . what be you talk about ? Thomas : who get the ice shaker ? it go on mine Mike : ok guy come one , hurry it up huh or we will start without you joon : I have be know to play a little card they start to play card Mike : box of 30 odd 6 cartridge joon : medium size green haire troll Thomas : soap on a rope , slightly use . card ? Mike : three Thomas : card ? joon : two Thomas : the dealer take three Mike : pass joon : re-grout my shower , blue grout Thomas : I fold Mike : shampoo my dog , lava lamp joon : scrape and paint the exterior of my house Thomas : hey hey come on slow it down you guy . this be suppose to be reasonable stake joon : that 's a see and a raise , you follow I ? Mike : you take my cousin off my hand Thomas : hey wait , wait , just stop , all right ? benny 's go to strangle you guy joon : chill out Thomas benny : joon , we have gotta go joon show she card Mike : a flush . ( Mike show he card ) full house . yes , yes , oh benny , tonight 's you lucky night Thomas : Mike warn it be for keep benny benny : what , what 's for keep ? joon : I lose benny : what in the pot ? joon : a cousin benny and joon be walk out of the house follow by Mike Mike : hey guy , rule be rule , without they there 's no order in the universe benny : oh do not give I that crap . you take advantage joon : of you sick sister . a heart flush be a perfectly respectable hand Mike : not respectable enough benny : hey shut up Mike . I be not take this guy home Mike : you have to man . remember the bet I lose last year . I have to re-plant you socket set . I do not back out do I ? benny : you cant bet a human be ! Mike : oh , well if you go to be a baby about it benny : all right Mike . you want to play like that ? I will take he home . i may not be responsible for what I be go to do to he but I will take he . Mike : oh man , what be you do you stupid jerk ? Sam : oh there 's something wrong with you car Mike : what do you do with my hob cap ? Sam : I do not know . I be Sam benny : so I here . I be benny Sam : with a n? benny : yeah two of ‘em . this be joon Sam : with a n? joon : one . you be out of you be tree Sam : its not my tree benny : I think I need a beer Mike : hey benny , wait a minute . where be you go ? come here man , give I a job . hey ! you be go with they at diner Sam dance with some roll of bread benny : oh god bless you . Sam knock the tray out of the waitress 's hand and catch it . he hand it to the customer but switch they over . ruthie : hey pal , we be try to work here if you do not mind Sam : oh my god . I have just be look for my boyfriend . have you see he ? he 's a cute guy with a little mole on he right cheek . man : ruthie one of you ghost come back to haunt you ? Sam : ( scream ) oh Brad , Brad , Brad please do not be dead . I never get a chance to tell you what you mean to I . oh Brad please . its you you be you , ruthie Melanie . co-star of the prom queen mutilator with Dick beebe . ruthie : you see that ? Sam : he be mine , he be mine . no sindy you be sick . sindy you need help , no sindy , no , no , no ! ( pretend to stab himself ) benny and joon 's house Sam look around the room and see joon 's painting . he put he finger in the wet paint and lick 's he finger . joon : do not touch it Sam : its paint joon : yes Sam : kirk Douglas , Van gough ear ( make a scissor action with he hand ) benny : this be yours . you will sleep here all right ? come on its late . let brush you be tooth and hair . joon : I can brush my own tooth Benjamin benny : fine joon : hair too benny : perfect . come on Sam : oh , oh benny . hey benny . thanks for the couch . erm Mike make I sleep under the sink . benny : oh you be welcome . good night Sam : good night next Morning Sam be sleep and joon be draw he . he move so joon quickly pit they away . in the bathroom Sam : mentally ill . really ? benny : yeah . benny : but I mean do not worry about it . just let she go about she routine , you know . her routine be everyday therapy . oh and do not hang around she room while she 's painting . she hate that . Sam : no benny : she run hot and cold on you , just ignore it . that 's just the way it work . oh listen erm , she start talk to herself , do not worry about it but do not answer . Sam : ok benny : she sometimes hear voice in she head . that come with the territory too . and erm just make sure that nothing and I mean nothing happen to she Sam : ok benny : ok benny go out to work and leave joon and Sam . joon be make a breakfast smoothie and Sam be watch as he walk in . joon : have a boo radley moment be we ? she hand Sam a glass of smoothie . at garage benny : good morning Eric : hey benny : this today ? eric. yeah . so erm what do you do with the cousin ? the bus station ? the river ? what ? you throw he in the river ? benny : ( laugh ) no , I take he home Eric : you take he home ? benny : yeah Eric : to you house ? benny : yeah to my house Eric : what be you crazy ? benny : hey believe I its only temporary Eric : great , maybe he can tell joon about the group home benny : listen , if I be go to do this group home thing I have get to figure out the best way to tell she , you know what I mean . where 's waldo ? be he not here yet ? Eric : no benny : all right that 's it I be go to have a talk with he Eric : no you not benny : yes I be . I be call he right now . what 's he phone number ? Eric : 5550944 benny and joon 's house Sam be clean and joon be in the garden . she hear the loud music that Sam be play and run inside . joon : aah , too loud . Sam : aah , what ? ( joon point to the radio ) oh . he switch the radio off and joon take it away . benny walk home as he walk in he see joon alone at the table benny : hey where 's Sam ? joon : I do not mean to kick he out . I mean I do not kick he out he just leave . benny : whoa , whoa , whoa what , what happen ? do something happen ? joon : he just he just leave . he be , he be in the air and , and , and with a thing and it be really loud . it be really loud . and all , I just keep see . he do not mean to do it . benny : do it ? what ? what , do he , what do he do ? joon : he clean the house benny : and you kick he out for that ? joon : ( laugh ) benny : ( laugh ) there be a knock on the door and a jack - in- the - box be leave on the floor . joon pick it up . they both look up and see Sam sit on the mail box . joon : maybe I should invite he back in benny : yeah before someone stick a stamp on he head and mail he to guam . back in the house Sam be make grill cheese sandwich with a iron joon : some culture be define by they relationship to cheese benny : be that a fact ? joon be in bed and benny walk in joon : he can really cook cant he ? benny : uh - uh yeah . all for the grill cheese I might of use the wool set . joon : that 's what I tell he benny : really ? what do he use ? joon : rayon . silk would have be too soggy . cotton would benny : would of burn it joon : right . fortunately he consult I before give it steam . I be four square against it . I wish he could be my new smeal . joon hum a tune and they both start sing the word . it flashback to when they be kid and they parent die in a car crash . benny : good night joon : good night the next morning and Sam be write a letter to he mum joon : you need some help ? dear mum , I have depart mike with love and gratitude and be not live with benny and joon pearl , two magnificently devote new friend . benny 's pre-disposition to hyper tense irish monologue be sub stand and he have give I a job as a domestic engineer and be pleased with my performance so far . Love Sam Sam : wow , I do not know how to talk like that they go outside and post the letter Sam : tapioca ? joon : oh , yes in the diner ruthie : ok Sam : thank you ruthie ruthie : you be welcome Sam . let I know if you need anything ok ? Sam : you do not like raisin ? joon : not really Sam : why ? joon : they use to be fat and juicy and now they be twisted like they have they life steal . they taste sweet but really they be just humiliate grape . I cant say I be a big supporter of the raisin council . Sam : do you see that raisin on tv ? the one that sing and dance and stuff joon : they scare I Sam : yeah I too joon ; its sick , commercial people make they sing and dance so people will eat they Sam : it 's a shame about raisin joon : cannibal Sam ; yeah . do you like avocadoe ? joon : they be a fruit you know . Sam : ruthie , do you get any avocadoe ? at benny and joon 's house benny : joon he look outside and see a car pull up . ruthie , Sam and joon get out of the car . joon : you be very pretty when you be off work ruthie ruthie : thank you . maybe I should quit my job huh ? benny : where the hell have you two be ? ruthie : oh do not worry , they be with I . we be just run some errand . benny : oh how you do ? ruthie : hi benny ; run errand ? you run a errand ? joon : yes I do , I run a errand . joon hand benny two new fish benny : oh look joon ; they be both name Steven . one with a V and one with a ph . Sam : look , look , look ruthie 's movie joon : yes and she 's stay for dinner too benny : come on in , come on in by the river benny : so why do you leave ? ruthie : LA ? I be not that good of a actress benny : well that 's not how Sam tell it . he 's rave about you ruthie : yeah well , he 's sweeter than he be judgemental . how long have you know he ? benny : Sam ? erm 72 hour ruthie : be serious benny : I be , serious ruthie : really benny : I be always serious , I be too serious . do you ever get to the point in you life when nothing make any sense ? Inside watch the movie Sam be talk along with the movie outside try to start ruthie 's car benny : try it again . now there 's only two reason a car wont start . either you be not get fuel or you be not get fuel . you have get fire . I think you have better let I drive you home . sorry ruthie : thanks pull up outside ruthie 's house ruthie : here it be , right here benny ; 2nd job huh / ruthie : yeah get to make that end meet you know benny : this be just how I imagine you place . well … ruthie : you want to come in ? or you want to … benny : oh no I will come in , for a minute . whoa ! what be this ? Nice porch . ruthie : pretty nice fish joon give you benny : oh yeah , that fish . yeah I be shocked I be … Nice fish , I mean yeah ruthie : I never have a fish benny : what ? not even as a kid ? ruthie : no , under privileged childhood I guess benny : down right un - american if you ask I ruthie : yeah benny : you can have one of mine if you want ruthie : no I could not possibly . they be a gift benny : but you know you could borrow it . but you know we could share it . like joint custody . you could take it on the weekend you know . what be this ? ruthie : sit down son , you be make I nervous benny : oh ruthie : want a beer ? benny : yeah , you know what I have better not . I gotta’ get goin’ . I better get goin 's ok ? ruthie : yeah ok benny : I will take a rain check on the beer ruthie : ok I get the door benny : want to go to dinner ? ruthie ; ever be marry ? benny : no ruthie : yeah benny : yeah ? great . see you ruthie : see you benny : see you benny and joon 's house Sam and joon kiss . Sam blow up a balloon and let the air out of it slowly so it make a tune . it pop and they laugh at the social worker office SW : see you next week joon : right thank you SW : benny , would you come inside a minute ? benny : sure SW : who 's the new house keeper ? benny : the new … oh ! this … friend just come to stay with we for a while but … SW : joon tell I he 's a man benny : well you know joon , how flowery she get with word SW : she she 's lie ? I mean be it a man or be not it ? benny : well yes technically . he 's really just a guy , a friend . SW : so where do this leave the group home decision ? I take it you havent talk to she about it yet benny : no I erm SW : the admission date be less than a week away benny : but you see the thing be she 's really do fine . she seem content and everything . let just leave it at that for now SW : let I know when you want to talk to she about it benny : I will let you know . ok bye Sam walk into the video store and take the help want sign off the window owner : hello Sam : I wanna help owner : ah wonderful ok . if you have like to fill out this application I will be right with you . Sam pick up the pen and write he name . he fold up the application and walk out of the shop . benny and joon be back at the house . joon be scrubbing benny 's finger nail . benny : not so hard joon : wow , you actually have cuticle benny : I know its amazing . what the hell be he do ? joon : mashed potato . so be you and ruthie consider item hood ? be you ? Benjamin and ruthie sit in a tree k-i-s-s-i- n-g . first come love , then come marriage benny : get out of here joon : then come little ruthamin and benjamin and baby … benny : I be just take she out to dinner Sam be downstairs make mashed potato with a tennis racket benny and ruthie be come home from they date ruthie : ( laugh ) that 's a good joke benny : you like that ? ruthie : uh-uh . what time you get ? benny : its eleven . ruthie : on the nose ? benny : right exactly ruthie : do not think I have ever ask anybody the time before and it be right on the nose benny : ( laugh ) that 's weird be not it ? its right on the nose ruthie lean over and kiss benny ruthie : do you , do you want to come in for a while ? I erm , I get that beer wait for you benny : erm you know what ? I should probably go ruthie : ok benny : listen erm can I tell you something ? ruthie : what ? benny : erm you see my life be just real complicated and ruthie : give I a break benny I just offer you a bear ok she get out of the car and run inside benny : no in the park the next day . Sam , benny and joon be sit on a rug . joon : why do not we pick up ruthie and get some ice cream ? Sam : yeah let get she benny : no Sam : why ? benny : cos , she do not want to talk to I Sam : oh he try to put he hat on he head but it just pop off again . he do it to joon and try to do it to benny . benny : come on we should go . knock it off . he knock the hat out of Sam 's hand and it go fly . Sam do a acrobatic show for the people in the park benny : he be , he 's incredible . he 's amazing joon : do you have to go to school for that ? Sam : no no I get throw out of school for that joon : really ? Sam : oh yeah he stand on a bench and walk over it benny : hey listen why do not you guy go on ahead ? I be go to hang around here for a while . ok ? joon : really ? benny : yeah go ahead . I will see you at home later . all right ? Sam : ok joon : ok benny ; that be , that be great . Sam : no no benny : thank you Sam : no thank you . bye bye benny try to do the trick with the bench that Sam do . back at the house Sam and joon be sit on the sofa and kiss . Sam : joon joon : what ? Sam : I , I love you joon : I too . do not tell benny Sam : ok joon hear benny come in so get up and go to she bedroom next morning , benny be in the shower benny : do you see the way you have everybody in the palm of you be hand ? huh ? you have get this gift and you should not ignore it you should be out there do something with it . Sam : like what ? benny : I do not know all I know be that they be say this guy be something else . you be special . you be not some regular schmoe like the rest of we who do it because we have to do it . you be bless Sam : benny , benny : what ? Sam : how sick be she ? benny : plenty sick . now listen to I , I have be do some think Sam : because it seem to I that , well except from be a little mentally ill , she 's pretty normal you know ? benny : do you realise you could be the next buster keeton ? Sam be sit outside the video store contemplate whether to go in Sam go in and talk to the owner . he have the job . in the garage benny : I be tell you , Randy listen to I , you have get to see this guy . tell he Eric Eric : he 's funny benny : he 's truly amazing . will you see he ? Randy : yeah I will see he benny : you will see he ? Randy : yeah you never know , you know most of this guy work locally but some of they , the better one , you can book in the out of town club benny : you book they out of town ? Randy : I book they all over . Detroit , Boston , sometimes LA benny : whoa ! Randy can you see he tonight ? Randy : I have love to see he tonight benny : hi ruthie : be my car ready ? benny : how you do ? oh come on in , come on in . erm listen erm I want to apologise for the other night . it come out all wrong ruthie : no no its ok benny : no I do ruthie : how 's my car ? benny : oh its run great . you fuel pump be shot so I throw in a new one . its run great ruthie : how much do I owe you ? benny : I will tell you what . just gibe I $ 30 for the part and I be not go to charge you for the labour . all right ? ok ? ruthie : yes benny : listen if you be not doin’ anything later I just line up this thing for Sam ruthie : what thing ? benny : well its like a audition . maybe he chance to make a live at all this crazy stuff that he do . who know ? maybe he could travel , play club . I do not know , you know ? so if you be not do anything later and you feel like … ruthie : I do not know benny . I get food to deliver , apartment to rent . my life 's pretty complicated right now , you know ? thanks . bye at benny and joon 's house benny : we will lay out the whole routine right after dinner . you know what you could start with ? remember the role thing you be do at the diner ? joon : who die and make you Ed McMahon ? benny : what 's you problem ? this be he chance to do something , be somebody joon : he be somebody benny : yeah I know , but he want to be more joon : you do not know what he want benny : I know he do not want to be a house keeper for the rest of he life . if you be worried about get a new smeal we will get you a new smeal joon : he 's not my smeal benny : house keeper , whatever joon : we have to tell he benny : what ? tell I what ? Sam : err benny … joon … and … and I … be … you know . benny : bullshit ! you … he get up and drag Sam from the table Sam : no , no joon : do not benny : get the fuck out ! joon : you cant throw he out . I win he benny : just settle down , just settle down joon : I love he ! benny : yeah ? well you be crazy ! joon : I be not crazy benny ; you see what we have come to ? you see ? he get out the group home leaflet joon : I hate you , I hate you , I hate you , I hate you , I hate you , I hate you in joon 's bedroom benny : can I get you anything ? joon : tapioca benny : tapioca ? ok. anything on it ? joon : raisin benny : ok he go downstairs and check the fridge . there be none leave so he go out to get some . Sam be sit in the tree outside and joon burn a picture of she and benny when they be child . Sam go to the door and joon go out to he joon : hi benny arrive at ruthie 's house benny : hi . how you doin 's ? ruthie : you be out late benny : yeah . listen … do you have any tapioca ? ruthie : jeez benny , I have hear a lot of line in my time but … benny : no , no , no its not for I . its for joon ruthie : come on in benny : yeah ? ruthie : yeah Sam and joon get on the bus with two bag . they sit down and joon start to talk to herself joon : I cant hear you Sam : joon . ok ? joon : yeah Sam : good good good he try to calm she down joon ; I be not no , no I be not Sam : ok ? all right ? hold tight ok ? shh. its ok . its ok joon : I be not , I be not , I be not joon start to cry and Sam be still try to calm she down joon : shut up ! Sam : no , no , no , no . shh. shh. joon. please . come on joon : no its not all in my head Sam : sir ? Sir ! stop the bus ! please stop the bus ! benny be drive back fromruthie 's and he see the bus stop . a ambulance arrive and the crew climb aboard the bus joon : I do not want to talk to you Sam : joon am1 : all righty . you want to step out ? Sam : yeah ok , ok am1 : how you doin 's hon .? joon : you think I do not know who you be . I know just who you be . so just leave , leave . leave ! do not touch I ! do not touch I ! they grab she and put she in the ambulance . benny run to the front of the crowd of people benny : joon , joon ! he see Sam sit in the ambulance at the mental hospital benny : look I a go to see my sister . would you please tell I she room number ? woman : please sir , just come back in the morning benny : let I talk to she god damn doctor in the social worker room SW : I be sorry . she do not want any visitor . not you or anyone else benny : she do not want to see I ? SW : no and she do not want to leave . benny why do not you go home ? get some sleep . I promise I will keep in touch he go out of the room and see Sam in the wait room benny : I hope you happy . I hope you be happy with what you have do to she . he grab Sam benny : you just stay the hell away from my sister Sam : no , no benny : want to know why everybody laugh at you Sam ? because you be a idiot . you be a first class moron Sam : you be scared benny : I be what ? Sam you be scared . I can see it . and you know why ? I use to look up to you but know I cant look at you at all . it flash to joon in bed and benny walk by the train . it show joon again but awake by the window and Sam at ruthie 's . benny be play with a jack - in- the - box back at the house and Sam be outside the hospital . at the video store Sam : I think that Fred astatine be the way to go Lady : yeah ? Sam : that 's a good choice Lady : who 's that woman who star in the roman … Sam look up and see benny Sam : audrey hepburn Lady : yeah Sam . thanks a lot Sam : have a nice day . can I help you ? benny : yeah I hope so . at the mental hospital Sam and benny be in a room . Thomas walk in benny : Thomas , how be she ? tell I the truth Thomas : she 's be better benny benny : well you have get to tell I what room number she 's in Thomas : 335 . but do not even think about it benny . it 's a close ward . no visitor Sam : no we have get to find joon . please benny : Thomas you have get to get we in there , to see she Thomas : its impossible benny benny : what do you mean its impossible ? listen I just need 2 minute with she Thomas : I will be fire benny : Thomas , I be begging you as a friend Thomas : I have love to help out but garvey 's go to be in there to check on she soon . my hand be tie . my hand be tie ! Thomas leave benny : what room do he say ? Sam : 335 at the wait room they sit down . the door open to the close ward and Sam throw he hat in the way of the door do it do not close . they go through and as they be walk through the corridor they hear some man come the other way . benny : shit . what be you do ? Sam slide down the hall towards the man Sam : mommy ? man1 : what be you do here ? man2 : I do not think you be suppose to be here man3 : what room do you come out of ? the pick he up and carry he back through the door . man1 : get the door man3 : how do he get past security ? man1 : hey , watch the door the coast be clear so benny continue until he find joon 's room . benny : joon , look , I know you want to be leave alone but you do not belong in here . not how would you like to try live in you be own apartment ? joon : a apartment ? benny : yeah ! there 's a apartment available in ruthie 's building joon : you have let I live in a apartment ? benny : that 's up to you . I be through make that decision for you . listen i… I be sorry I be such a jerk . and about Sam . I be wrong , dead wrong . joon : I scared he away benny : no you do not . he 's here joon : he be not benny : he be . he get I in here . he 's somewhere in the building . joon : he be not . you have never let I have he . God . why do you hate I so much ? benny : I do not hate you joon : you just need I to be sick the social worker enter the wait room and go over to the desk . SW : juniper Pearl 's chart please . thank you Thomas see the man carry Sam away Thomas : hey wait ! wally ! wait ! wait ! wally put he down . he 's mine . I have be look for he man1 : you sure ? Thomas : yeah I will take care of he . Sam you cant be in here Sam : where 's joon 's room ? Thomas : come on Sam : I have get to see she Thomas : come on , come on the social worker be walk down the hall to joon 's room and see benny SW : can you give I any reason why I should not have you arrest ? Sam and Thomas be outside Thomas point to joon 's room Thomas ; that 's the one Sam : yeah Thomas : see ? Sam : ok Thomas : Sam , where be you go ? in joon 's room SW : benny , this be exactly what we be try to avoid . by now joon would be in a caring and control environment . be not it obvious that you two need some distance ? benny : what do not we ask joon what she want ? outside Sam be climb up the building Thomas : Sam what be you do ? hey Sam come on ! get down right now ! in joon 's room joon : I do not know exactly what I want . I do know … that I be tired of everyone tell I what to do outside Thomas : Sam come down . do not touch that Sam wind up the window cleaner hoist Thomas : Sam leave that . I be begging you . in joon 's room SW : joon , we want what 's best for you joon : I know that she see Sam swinging across the window joon : i… outside Thomas : Sam come down now . Sam you be go to get in trouble Inside joon : I think I want to try live in my own apartment benny look outside and see Sam . the social worker look outside but do not see anything SW : hmm , I do not know outside Thomas : Sam stop swinging the line of the hoist start to come loose Inside SW : but I be willing to let you try . I will prepare the papers for she release benny : thanks doctor garvey outside Thomas : come down Sam ! the hoist break and Sam fall down Thomas : whoa ! whoa ! be you ok ? Sam : ouch , ouch in the hospital joon try to say something but cant get the word out benny : I know , I too . I be go to go and check you out . ok ? joon : ok joon go out and Sam be wait for she in a wheel chair . he get up and they hug at joon 's apartment benny pull up outside and ruthie be sit on she porch . he hand she some white rose ruthie : have not we try this before benny : yeah but my life 's a lot less complicated now . be joon inside ? ruthie : yeah benny : ok he look in she room and see Sam and joon make grill cheese with a iron . he leave she some rose at she door . the end * everything johnny be update every single day for johnny fan and be enjoy best when use Internet explorer . thank you for visit .* this site have no official affiliation with johnny depp , he family or management . no copyright infringement be intend : content be copyright to it 's owner . all original content copyright '' 2004 everything johnny . all rights reserve . <!-- // disable right mouse click script // by maximus ( maximus@nsimail.com ) with mod by Dynamic drive // for full source code , visit http://www.dynamicdrive.com var message= " function disabled ! " ; /////////////////////////////////// function clickie4 ( ) { if ( event.button==2 ) { alert ( message ) ; return false ; } } function click ns4 ( e ) { if ( document.layers||document.getelementbyid&&!document.all ) { if ( e.which==2||e.which==3 ) { alert ( message ) ; return false ; } } } if ( document.layers ) { document.captureevents(event.mousedown ) ; document.onmousedown=clickns4 ; } else if ( document.all&&!document.getelementbyid ) { document.onmousedown=clickie4 ; } document.oncontextmenu=new function ( " alert ( message ) ; return false " ) / / -->