beowulf & grendel written by Andrew rai berzins tenth draft - July 12/04 fade in : ext . ocean beach / northern europe [ 500 a.d . ] -- dusk 1 camera swoops along a shimmer black sand beach , mountain rise in the further distance ... finding : in the middle distance : EIGHT warrior gallop on horseback , armed with spear , sword , shield , netting , torch . dog race along at they side . at the head of the troop ride a grizzle mid-age warrior , grimly determine , he face obscure by he battle mask . the warrior race on , riding to beat the devil home . ext . meadow -- dusk 2 with the sun go below a ridge of barren hill , the darkness be quickly retake the ground , bleed out from the crevice of rock , the moss , a stream twist through the emerald meadow ... ++.in the middle distance of which goat and sheep amble about . Beyond they , rocky outcrop give way to a dark and shifting sea ... and the low rumble of surf ... into the foreground there slowly shift : a huge , stoop figure . erect , he would be nearly seven foot tall , and be twice the mass of a average man , cover in hair - much of it grey . immense arm lead to massive hand , the tough nail tool for a brutal existence . his face - or what can be make of it in the fall light - have a leatherish quality . it also betray age , as do a noticeable limp : this be a gigantic nocturnal primate - a troll who have see better day . he scan the meadow , puzzle . he cluck he tongue a couple of time ... grunt out a name of some sort ... father grrruhnellll .... he twist he head to one side , raise he nose and sniff the wind ... wary for a moment ... then the moment pass ... ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 2 . continued : 2 he shuffles forward a few more step , still search , worry now edging in . he cluck he tongue again -- --.and he 's slam from behind by something -- '' -.or , as it turn out , someone : he small child - grendel - who promptly tumble past he father , cackling at the prank . from the distance come the sound of a dog barking . the father snatch at grendel . he miss , try again , and it become a little chase . finally the father scoops up grendel and berate he in with several low guttural word - a primitive tongue with echoe of Old norse . grendel respond by grab he father 's nose and twist it , laugh . the father then laugh too . but once again the father grow wary . holding grendel close , he sniff the air . more barking dog .... ... then the far-off shout of human . the father urgently swing grendel up onto he shoulder , and - fear overcome he infirmity - with great stride he cross back out of the meadow toward the rock outcrop . ext . beach -- continuous 3 the troop of warrior race along ... +-+- till the lead warrior pull up , eyeing the rock to either side . he sniff the breeze , consider ... .-- the other wait on he judgement ... ..- then he abruptly jerk he horse toward a break in the rock , lead up into a meadow ... ... the other warrior follow . ext . wild -- continuous 4 grendel 's father be move as best he can ... but one hip be give he trouble , and he wind be quickly go on he ... grendel stare back over he shoulder , he face now betray the same fear he father feel . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 3 . continued : 4 they scramble over rock , twist along moss path , then down into a stream ... then up the bank , up past massive boulder ... the sound of the dog and horse edging ever closer . ext . shoreline / cliff -- continuous 5 the two troll emerge into view of the sea . grendel 's father rush up to the cliff edge , and verbally / gesturally direct grendel to descend . grendel start down a few foot before turn and meeting he father 's fierce gaze . he gesture to grendel to continue down . grendel do , but steal a glance back up to find ... ..- he father turn to meet they pursuer . grendel climb back up to the cliff ' edge to see ... ... the warrior charge in on horseback . several dismount and take position on the periphery . the lead warrior continue forward . now we see he 's significantly older than the rest ; there be year of this sort of battle in he . and yet the fire be still in he eye - even as it meet the troll 's . the other warrior hold back , wait on they leader 's move . the troll scowl back , a snarl escape . the lead warrior , unfaze , even spur on by the challenge , charge forward and fling a leather bag at grendel 's father . the bag - hit - burst apart , throw liquid pitch over he . as other warrior rush forward with torch ... ... grendel twist back down into the rock , terrify . there come the sound of a vicious fight above .... the roar of he father ... the warrior ' shout and the barking / wailing of dog ... the neighing , huffing and stomping of the horse ... a dog fly past , over the cliff to the rock below ... then a sudden whoosh ... a terrifying screech ... ... and grendel 's father stagger off the cliff , stick with spear , wrap in netting , and engulf in flame . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 4 . continued : 5 his body twist down , and slap onto the rock below , where it lie motionless , burn ... until the first wave wash in , extinguish the flame . grendel gasp as ... ...- torch drop through the air on either side , continue down to the rock below - the warrior seek confirmation of the kill . they cheer of celebration wash down over grendel , and he look up to see ... ... the lead warrior peer down into the dark , a spear raise ready to throw , he figure silhouett against the torch - light . what grendel do not see ... .-- be the warrior nudge up he battle - mask ... revealing : the wild battle - eye of the danish king - hrothgar [ 50 ] . his ferocious gaze soften , turn to pugzlement . hrothgar , squinting , make out ... '' -- the tiny troll figure of grendel nestle in the rock . hrothgar be clearly tear . he gulp in a breath . his hand tighten in grip on he spear , he mind racing . grendel bury he face in he arm . finally , hrothgar 's puzzlement shift to decision . he wipe the troll - blood from he eye . pity overtake he . his spear-arm drop ... and he turn away . grendel , burrow into the rock , steal a glance up to find ... ..- the warrior go from the cliffside , the sound of the hunt - party diminish . but the sound be replace by grendel 's own sob . ext . shoreline -- day 6 grendel come warily down the stony beach , gaze sweeping about in search , hand drag a old sword . finally he gaze fall on what he 's be search for ... ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 5 . continued : 6 ... the corpse of he father wash up in the rock . he fight back sob , and struggle to dislodge it ... but the corpse be too heavy . he resolve himself , then raise the sword , and swing it down repeatedly onto the corpse 's neck . exhausted and cry , he take up the severe head - a great weight for he - and cradle it in he small arm . dissolve to : int . grendel' cave [ 15 year later ] -- evening 7 on : the desiccate head of grendel 's father , position in a erude alcove -shrine , on either side of which small smudge burn ... the fire have somewhat preserve the head : the eye socket be empty , and the flesh be go from the face , but the skin have dry and tightened , the long wild hair remain , matte over and beyond the great brow , the yellow tooth clench in eternal grin / grimace ... sea-shells , stone , and dry flower be place around the head . reveal : grendel , now a adult , squatting down near a larger fire - bed of ember , gaze fix on he father 's head ... he own thought clearly melancholic ... a breath roll through he like a shudder . he rise ... ..- revealing he stature : he 's huge , with powerful limb , the scale of he father but with none of the infirmity . he start up a rocky path toward the faint light of the cave entrance ... ext . grendel be cave / shore cliff -- evening 8 grendel emerge out onto the cliff edge , and stare down at the crash water on the rock below ... +-- menace rise in he glassy - gaze , he squat down ... ... snatch up a fist-size rock and smashes himself once in the forehead ... blood stream down from he brow and across he face . he lick the blood as it reach he lip . grunt a bitter sigh / laugh at he wretch state . blink through the blood at ... ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 6 . continued : 8 ... the sun edging down into the sea . he wipe the blood over he cheek , chin , brow - a battle - mask in the make . ext . above the danish village / perimeter -- evening 9 with the light fade from the sky ... ... the sound of a celebration ... laughter , music ... drift up from the village ... * a crowd of villager circle about ... * «+-snorri [ 60 ] who lift a blood-stain pine - branch from * the open chest of a slaughter ram lie on a rock . * hrothgar [ 60 now ] go down on one knee before he . though grey , he wear he add year as well as any warrior - king could . snorri touch hrothgar 's forehead with the blood . * snorri * hrothgar , much - love King of the dane , under odin 's eye I blood you lucky on all path that leave this hall . a cheer from the crowd . hrothgar rise , smile , and turn to he grand hall . his radiant wife - wealhtheow [ 40s ] - hand he a clay jug . hrothgar pull the cap from it with he tooth and pour wine out across the step . as it splashes down ... hrothgar May all that who cross this step find a happy heart ! more cheer rise up from the villager ... hrothgar draw he sword and smashes the jug , sealing the bless ... .».. and as the villager line up to be - in turn - " blooded " by snorri , snorri burst out in resonant song ... * ( continued ) 10 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 7 . continued : 9 reveal the ls Pov : as that of grendel , rise over a rock in the foreground . his expression be solemn . he sniff the air deeply . a shudder run through he at the sound of the song ... the rise of a mission in he gaze and in he blood . ext . danish village / perimeter wall -- night 10 with some raucous drunken roar and howl echoing through the village ... and - at some distance - revellers make they swerving way back to the longhouse ... .-.- a lone torch - light guard move along a boulder ridge , spear in hand , grin at the drunk . but then a animal howl rise rom the darkness beyond , to which he turn ... guard come near here , y'shitbrain wolf , you will get a mouth of spear . there 's movement in the stone below , just beyond the boulder , just out of sight . the guard peer over . nothing for several beat ... but then a strange breath -like sound on the wind ... grendel speee-arrrr ... the guard take the torch from the holder in the stone , hold it out into the darkness , try to figure what 's below . several small stone hit he in the face , and he jerk back in surprise . guard ( wary mutter ) what the ... the guard throw the torch down into the darkness . something large deftly shift out of sight to one side . there 's a scratch of nail on stone as something climb up the boulder . guard olaf ?! pal ?! the guard swing he spear toward the sound , but without he torch he can not see much . then , again , there 's silence . ( continued ) 10 11 12 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 8 . continued : 10 the guard move to the edge , he spear high , ready to stab ... -.. but from the side a large dark limb swing out , the hand slapping the guard in the face . the thin crack of bone snap . the guard drop , shudder briefly , then he body go still . omitted 11 int . mead hall -- morning 12 light bleed in with the creaky open of the huge door , revealing : ... the night 's carnage : break bench , the body of several slain warrior ... blood splash about ... angle back on : hrothgar stand , stunne , in the doorway , with unferth [ 30 ] , a sturdy and well - scar danish warrior , to one side and aeschere [ late 60 ] , hrothgar 's peer , to the other . hrothgar , with aeschere at this side , determinedly edge forward over the slippery wood ... .... unferth - hungover and bloodstain - a awkward step behind . hrothgar where be you when all this -- unferth ( awkward ) asleep . I would ... I would ... have some beer . aeschere no other see what happen ? unferth none who can speak . hrothgar ( through he tooth ) what fuck thing would dare -- but he word end , and he step slow . hrothgar , stunne , cross the floor past the dead fire -pit to a slump figure on the throne at the far end of the room . ( continued ) 12 13 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 9 . continued : 12 it 's the guard from the wall , one hand clutching he spear as in readiness ... he hood hang over he face . hrothgar edge up , take up a spear and , with its point , lift the guard 's hood - gasp - and jerk back . Rolling off the shoulder - where he head should be - be a bloody head -size stone . it hit the floor with a great thump , and roll across it , come to a stop at hrothgar 's foot . on : hrothgar 's face , he horror give way to a grim realization . fade to black fade in : ext . OPEN water / isolated beach -- day 13 camera slowly sweep over sea-water ... come to rest ... on : beowulf [ 30 ] ... or at least he head , seem to eerily bob on a plank of wood on the surface of the water . the odd wave splashes over he ... he eye close , face betray no life ... then suddenly a long sigh of exhaustion - and relief ... his eye flicker open , he blink , and slowly edge in toward land , he neck , shoulder , torso inch - by-inch reveal ... ..- watch by a lone fisherman on the beach mend he net . beowulf , delirious , push aside the wooden plank , limp up onto the sand , trail seaweed , he shin and thigh burden by lamprey eel attach to he flesh ... he wear a battle - weathered leather tunic , shred tweed pants , a baldric-strap tie he sheathed sword to he back ... his body , though batter and scar , be obviously one of great power . his wobbly - kneed stagger still manage the grace of the warrior / athlete return from a struggle which nearly kill he . fisherman g'day . ( continued ) 13 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 10 . continued : 13 beowulf g'day . I would owe much to know my whereabouts . fisherman Fish Beach ... but likely I be the only one who name it that . ( off beowulf 's look / wry ) where I get fish . the fisherman go to he fire - pit and take from it a smoking stick . beowulf I mean who 's you king ? the fisherman look back across the land , consider it ... fisherman well ... y'know how this thing go . as he talk , he indicate various direction and movement with he stick ... fisherman ( cont 'd ) late as a couple year ago I think it be a hathobard . swede roll in , push they out ... hathobard come back , push they out - then they get push out by geat . wulfing show up ... ( beat / sigh ) sig skullsplitter of the hathobard be spilling blood this way last spring . but then he get sick from sleep with the sheep . swede come back ... beowulf ( hint of worry ) it 's swedish land then ? fisherman I would not bet a fish on that . hygelac the geat then lay a beat on the swede ... ( beat ) I have a boatload of wulfing wash up . but they be just corpse . stunk to valhalla . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 fisherman ( cont 'd ) have to let be dry out a week then I put the whole little crowd to flame - not knowin what they die of , eh. ( beat / shrug ) yeah , I will be guess this be geat land for now . beowulf 's relief be apparent . fisherman ( cont 'd ) * sleep with that , canya ? beowulf be a geat ... ( nod ) I be beowulf . * by beowulf 's look , it 's clear he expect he name to * register , but - just as clearly - it do not . * fisherman beowulf ... what , the eel meal ? the fisherman nod to beowulf 's eel- infest shin . beowulf look down , get dizzy and drop to the sand where he sit . beowulf you have not have another wash up ...? like myself ... name of breca ? the fisherman shake he head . as beowulf talk , the fisherman methodically start poke and singeing the eel with the stick : they unclasp from beowulf 's bloody flesh and drop to the sand , where they squirm till the fisherman whacks they dead . beowulf ( cont 'd ) * we be out hunt whale the other day . Storm come up and eat we boat . breca bet he could beat I to shore . I lose sight of he in the swell . the fisherman try to fathom this . fisherman so this be just you come in now ? beowulf nod . the fisherman give a dubious look . beowulf y'ever swum in the open sea ? ( continued ) 13 14 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 12. continued : ( 3 ) fisherman leave that to my boat . beowulf stare a beat at the fisherman . beowulf be I right to think you mock I ? 13 the fisherman consider beowulf 's grim manner , and he sword . he start to gather the eel and throw they in a pot . fisherman can not see much life in that . ( beat ) you do this a lot ? beowulf I take what come . fisherman good . then you will have no qualm if supper taste like you . beowulf stare . the fisherman give a batter - tooth grin . ext . fisherman' hut -- night 14 the fisherman poke at he fire while beowulf nibble at a plate of the cook eel . fisherman so ... what 's it like be a hero ? quelling thing with axe and that sword of yours ... in - what - a kinda bloody madness ? beowulf chafe slightly . beowulf in truth I do not get all that mad . fisherman that 's all I have hear of you sort . beowulf you should hear what they say about fisherman . they trade a wry grin . the fisherman stir the fire .. ( continued ) 14 15 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 13 . continued : 14 fisherman so ... a hero , eh ? a hero for supper . do not my shit shine ! the fisherman notice beowulf 's squeamishness with the eel . fisherman ( eyeing beowulf 's plate ) eat up . be yourself ! and the fisherman cackle at he joke . ext . fisherman' hut -- day 15 beowulf and the fisherman stand before a rack of dry fish . the fisherman be pack some in a small pouch , which he then hand to beowulf . beowulf clap he on the shoulder . beowulf I be in you debt . fisherman ( shrug ) I be in the fish '. ( grim / to the water ) one o' this day they will come for theirs . beowulf good luck . May aegir keep you from hunger . fisherman good luck with you kill thing . I guess you thank - who - thor ? beowulf that 's uh ... not all I do -- fisherman no , I be sure y'piss and shit just like the rest of we . gotta say there 's not much use for that here . ( off he look ) hitting thing with axe . y'oughta try daneland . beowulf daneland . ( continued ) 15 16 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 14 . continued : 15 fisherman oh yeah , word from the whale - road they get one unhappy troll on the loose there . beowulf ( dismissive ) I would think the dane could handle a troll . fisherman guess the first eighty think so too . beowulf ( jolted ) eighty ?! fisherman well ... y'know how this thing go . some say twenty , some say two hundred . beowulf two hundred ?! fisherman yeah it bent my brain too ... think that many dane could even hold a sword . beowulf ( sharp ) I know the dane . they have bloody seas . the fisherman read the ferocity of beowulf 's emotion . fisherman eh , I be just a fisherman . beowulf look out over the water , tear . ext . path / ruined hut -- day 16 beowulf stride along a sheep trail , cross over a ridge to find ... ---a smolder ruin of a hut , a few sheep about . five rough - look men be eat at a fire-pit . he edge forward , eyeing the smoke . they eye he warily . ( continued ) 16 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 15 . continued : 16 first man Dragon come in the night . beowulf ( play surprise ) Dragon . first man never hear of dragon ? beowulf oh , I have hear . just always think they be tale . ( glance around ) and it leave without the sheep . ( off they look ) just seem odd ... from what I have hear of dragon ... to leave a sheep . they offer shrug . beowulf ( cont 'd ) so who be you people ? ( off they look ) I know most geat . and this be geat land -- first man what 's it to you ? beowulf then spot some movement further back behind a woodpile . his hand slide to the hilt of he sword . the first man fix on the magnificent hilt - a sword of some renown . he eye beowulf with more concern . first man ( cont 'd ) that 's some sword . you have a name ? beowulf I do not know yours , you likely will not know mine . beowulf . the other react - look shoot amongst they - a name they know and fear . furtively they reach for they own weapon . ( continued ) 16 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 beowulf ( cont 'd ) maybe you dragon come back . and beowulf edge up the slope toward the shed ... ... till he spot a man on the ground humping something . as beowulf near , he make out ... ... the limp arm of a woman , extend over the rock and only jerk with the thrust of the man . the scenario become immediately clear to he : the burn hut , the dead woman . he draw he sword , and directly advance on the bandit group ... ... all of whom now brandish weapon - though defensively . the first man stumble back , he movement put the lie to he word . first man go now , you can go with you life . beowulf this be my life . ( ironic mutter ) a bloody madness . and he charge forward , swinging he blade ... immediately slashing the first man to the ground . a second man come and , after a couple of trade sword - stroke , beowulf grab the other 's sword - arm , and then cut he down too . a third man come at beowulf , who block he sword -sw , grab the wretch by the throat , and crush it in he hand . the last two from the fire - pit group now have clearly panicked expression . Nonetheless , they come at he with they sword . beowulf routinely meet they stroke , then snatch hold of one , throw he into the other , then decapitate both ina stroke . the headless clutching corpse then shudder to the ground . beowulf turn and march up the slope . ( continued ) * 16 17 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 16 the necrophile , have just secure he pants , start scramble up the slope , whining fear . beowulf follow for a few beat - and gain ground - then heave he sword into the air . it sail some distance before descend and catch the necrophile in he leg . he tumble to the ground , scream . beowulf stride up to he , pull he sword from the leg ... necrophile ( a plea ) she be dead ! beowulf yeah . she be . and beowulf swing he blade down upon the wretch . ext . hut -- later 17 beowulf place the dead woman - wrap , with care , in a wool blanket - into a shallow grave . blood be splatter over he face and clothes , but the wildness have leave he eye : now he look only weary . the crack of a branch behind he , and beowulf twist about , ready to fight ... .-- but find a child [ 6 - 7 ] , face tear - streak , fear in he eye . child be you a dragon queller ? beowulf consider , shrug ... child ( cont 'd ) you quell child ? beowulf shake he head . the child eye he mother . child ( cont 'd ) she might be scared here with this man . beowulf do not worry . crow will come for they . ( continued ) 17 18 19 20 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 18. continued : 17 child * then she will be alone . * beowulf * the god will watch over . * child * they do not before . * beowulf can not argue . he continue gently cover the body , * the child approach and help to pat down the earth on the grave . ext . height of land -- day 18 beowulf come up over a ridge on foot , lead a horse , on which the child sleep . beowulf smile , he gaze find ... ext . geat meadow / shoreline -- day 19 +-+-.a group of tent and several dozen geat , cooking fire send smoke to the sky , music and laughter drift up to the hill . it 's a annual gather place - large stand stone set in a great circle , and ... »-.-.across a black beach to the water , a couple of longship lie at anchor . ext . geat meadow / firepit -- dusk 20 * with a longship silhouett in the background ... --- beowulf sit almost central at a firepit - opposite he king - hygelac [ 5as ] - surround by a cluster of geat warrior ... ... the great stand stone loom over they like guardian , the firelight already throw wild shadow ... among the geat warrior be breca [ 30 ] , almost as sturdy as beowulf ... and , beside he , hondscioh [ late 20 ] , beowulf 's best friend , and sit to beowulf 's right . in beowulf 's lap , the exhaust child be curl asleep in spite - or because - of the raucous warrior band . all of they have be - and be still - drink , and eat . a short distance away , a group of geat women be laughing and talking among themselves . ( continued ) 20 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 19 . continued : 20 thorkel [ 30 ] , the geat poet , stand before the man with he harp , play a powerful melody . his manner be serious , self - absorb , ignore the questionable attention of some of the other . his voice rise , resonant , hypnotic ... thorkel in a game to gut boredom great beowulf and breca ... hondscioh roll he eye , snort derision . beowulf smile at he . thorkel ( cont 'd ) ..- hoist they hope on the seethe sea ... hondscioh only cause they lose they sail . breca casually smack hondscioh hard in the arm . hondscioh mockingly play great pain . grin from some , but thorkel be undeterred . thorkel the whale - road white as the tongue of troll ... breca ( at hondscioh / appreciative ) hear that ? the tongue of troll ! hondscioh arse , more like . this time both beowulf and breca raise they hand to strike hondscioh , who wince , duly prepare for the hit which - this time - do not come . thorkel the two fire-hearted friend fight on / steel -shirt a goad to gruesome thing / that creep up from they water - world -- hondscioh hold it there . ( to beowulf and breca ) you be in the boat ? ( off they look ) thing be go at you while you be still in the boat ? ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 beowulf shrug , eye breca . hondscioh follow he look . hondscioh ( cont 'd ) breca ? you tell thorkel that ? breca hondscioh , next time you be alone on open water , just remember not to drink it -- beowulf -+-again . the roar of laughter stir the child . beowulf rise and carry the child to a bed of fur nearby . hondscioh any fish with any smell would sniff you two and heave . laughter . hondscioh ( cont 'd ) next time you tell a tale , thorkel , try to sift the sheepshit out . thorkel I sing what I be tell ! hygelac the song might well be stronger than the bone it 's build upon . nod from the cluster . thorkel be clearly miff . thorkel they bring I giant , I will sing of giant . I can only work with the bone I be give ! breca fire a look at beowulf - who furtively indicate - no , nothing more happen , no thug be kill . hondscioh you want bone , we will bring you bone . troll -bone ! a hint of seriousness slip over the group . hygelac eye beowulf . ( continued ) 20 21 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 20 beowulf hrothgar would cross the water for we . look shift about , drift generally back to hygelac who brood . hygelac I know he would . I have have no better neighbour-king . it 's just that ... by the sound of this thing beowulf +-.- it 's never meet a geat . there be fierce pride in beowulf 's gaze , and proud nod from the other . hygelac look at beowulf , tear . hygelac I will not keep you home to frighten fish . and , if you can ... ( indicate hondscioh ) ... find hondscioh a wife . we sheep can not take much more . laugh all round - mostly from breca . hondscioh gamely shrug . ext . geat harbour -- day 21 a longship be be load , beowulf watch over the process . he glance across the dock and see ... .-.-.a row of human head , appear to be sit on a board ... amongst they hondscioh , breca and thorkel . one of the head move , start speak . beowulf recoil a step , then relax , see the illusion ... ... the cluster of men stand by the boat , they body block by the dock . beowulf stroll over to the group . hondscioh be hold a harp in one hand , hold off a reach thorkel with the other . thorkel give it . ( continued ) 21 22 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 22 . continued : 21 hondscioh what - you plan to sing the thing to death ? breca snatch the harp from hondscioh , hand it to thorkel . hondscioh fire a dirty look at breca , who smirk . thorkel ( to beowulf be hondscioh / warning ) he put one hand on my harp ... hondscioh beowulf , we be gonna need some extra shield . ( off beowulf 's look / be thorkel ) for we ear . thorkel ( to hondscioh ) -.. I warn you - you be a dead man . hondscioh give a mock -shudder . breca and beowulf trade a grin . thorkel do not , place he precious harp in a rabbit-skin bag . and the load continue . ext . OPEN water / beowulf's longship moving -- dusk 22 beowulf be slump at the side of he longship as it cut through the water . twelve geat be with he [ include breca , hondscioh and thorkel ] , the sail do all the work . one man be feed the hearth fire on which meat be cooking . thorkel say this thing make meat of any man it find . breca dane say . dane who run . I have also know dane who will say they fight off attila when he wander North . hondscioh ( wry ) breca 's right . dane can not even swim after fish . ( continued ) 22 23 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 23 . continued : 22 breca Walrus , hondscioh , and next one I catch , its tusk go up you arse . hondscioh ( shrug ) worse thing . laughter from the group . and they sail on . dissolve to : ext . iceberg passage -- dusk 23 a glass -still channel of water , in which dozen of icebergs stand ... seem to exude a blue-white light . push in / find : a small boat - a irish coracle - drift ... -.- in the aft of which a man in rag monk 's cloak - brendan [ 40s ] - be sprawle , he ratty sail catch the bit of breeze , he hand drape over the rudder . he appear weak and sick , he eye that of a madman , fix with suspicion on the loom ice figure ... brendan ( slur irish mutter ) -.- woe betide you beast of ice ... ogre , troll - I do not wary much ... he raise one skinny arm like a weapon . brendan ( cont 'd ) for I bring the burn sword of Christ ! to cleave you thus ... and thus ... and thus ! and he strike out he arm in the symbol of the cross ... before he energy leave he and he arm drop . brendan Fine then . hold you tongue ... but dunna think I dunna know you method and you manner ! they say you lie more below than above and on a whim will swing you ice- blue ass up at God . yesssss , well , do as you must ... ( continued ) 23 24 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 24 . continued : 23 he rise , clutching the mast , point accusingly at the iceberg . brendan ( cont 'd ) +.. but hear this vow : I will melt you and drink you down and piss you out upon this shore ... and - yes - you may freeze up and walk again ... but only as a Christian thing ! and he laugh like a maniac , then lose he balance , fall , hit he head on the edge of the coracle - in the process knock himself out . and the coracle drift , as before , but now in quiet peace . ext . danish shoreline / black beach -- day 24 close on : Brendan 's weather - beat - and unconscious - face , complete with a scabbed - over gouge in he forehead . a stone hit he cheek , he wince , he eye flutter but stay close . Brendan mutter incomprehensibly , twist sideways , resume a fitful sleep . reveal : selma [ 30 ] stand on a pebble beach several foot from the run-aground coracle . though she batter and simple clothes suggest poverty , there 's strength and intelligence apparent in she . also wildness and a fierce beauty . she look over Brendan ... and he simple possession . she see a small sack , open it , and bring out a handful of silver cross on chain . she consider they a moment , be put they back , when ... unferth selma ! selma turn to see ... ..- unferth - on the shoreline ridge , on horseback . unferth ( cont 'd ) y'leave he as he lie ! as selma step back from the coracle ... ... unferth gallop down beside they . ( continued ) 24 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 25 . continued : 24 selma whatever else , I be no thief . unferth I do not say y'were . he might carry sickness . y'bring it to land , we all could die . selma study unferth a beat with vague contempt . selma by sickness , eh? would not that be welcome ? ( off he look ) already look out for we people . you be not king yet , much as you dream it . unferth let it go . look over Brendan 's garment . unferth what sort of man ... selma celt . a priest . unferth how can you tell ? selma ( sardonic ) by know . y'ever leave this land , you might know thing too . ( look over Brendan ) need mostly water ... maybe fruit . unferth fruit ? selma consider the water , and she eye faintly glaze . selma but there 's other come ... a boatload of spear . unferth glance up and down the shore with evident concern . unferth slavs ? no . we kill that yesterday . selma shake she head . ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 selma ( eryptic ) this one swim in blood . ext . iceberg passage -- day 25 wide on : the iceberg passage through which the longship glide . there be no conversation now , all the warrior move instead by the eerieness of the light ... .».. some try to draw warmth from the hearth fire . c /s : of beowulf 's hand dangle over the edge of the boat . on : he face as he close he eye . a small wave wash up across he arm .. .-.- and from the water a creature - like hand reach up , and fiercely snatch hold of he wrist . beowulf twist around , rip he hand free ... .»-- only to find it 's be tangle in a rope from the ship ... ..- but , in the inky water below , a play of light ... something seem to descend back down to the dark depth . beowulf reposition he hand on the hilt of he sword . omitted 26 int . hrothgar' chamber -- night 27 hrothgar be creakily put on he mailshirt . though only month have pass since the troll 's first attack , this month weigh on hrothgar like many year . too much grief - drive drink , too many sleepless night , have bring he the dull and watery gaze of a lose man . wealhtheow , he wife , enter and look troubled by hrothgar 's action . hrothgar who ever hear of a kingdom laid to waste by a stinking troll ! ( off she look ) I can not game more man against this thing . ( continued ) 27 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 27 . continued : 27 hrothgar wealhtheow then do not . it 's only in the night ... hrothgar so then - I be king - but only by day ? sneer , spit on the floor . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) fuck that . wealhtheow , without miss a beat , snatch up a shirt and throw it to he . hrothgar catch it , turn it in he hand . she nod hrothgar foot . hrothgar come to she with wealhtheow one troll outside be plenty . to the spit : clean it up . throw the shirt down on he spit , rub it with a hrothgar maybe it need the blood of a king . take up a cup of beer , have a gulp , then wealhtheow he and gently take the cup away . he look back at mix emotion . wealhtheow do not let beer blur you wit . hrothgar you call it " he . " wealhtheow woman seek a death for a loss . they get they blood - worth and settle . this have the blood - lust of a man . hrothgar which I have to quell ... or I be already dead . ( off she look ) if odin send this thing to bring my end ... so be it . if not , then he will steer my sword . ( beat ) my dear , I miss the star . ( continued ) 27 28 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 wealhtheow gently stroke he cheek . her eye glaze with tear , but she hand move down and help tie the strap of he battle - gear . hrothgar , meanwhile , take up he battle - mask helmet - and stare into the hollow eye-socket as if at a ghost . ext . danish village / perimeter -- night 28 hrothgar move out from the torch - light rock perimeter ... a massive two -hande sword turn in he adrenaline grip . his eye fight the darkness , and he fear . hrothgar ( shout ) troll ! I call you out ! nothing . hrothgar take several step further . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) troll ! a sudden rise of wind , and hrothgar twist about - as though grendel have take wind - form , but the gust pass ... silence resume . with : a guard on the boulder watch hrothgar in the middle distance face out into the darkness . with : hrothgar stare out , catch grendel 's scent on the air . hrothgar 's intensity return , eye scan the periphery . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) meet I in the light if you have the gut . or fight I now ! you hairy creep ! the guard shake he head at hrothgar 's pathetic state grendel ( throaty mutter / troll accent ) creep creep ... the guard swing about , spear in hand , he gaze rise up and fix in terror ... .»..on grendel , several yard along the boulder from he , also watch hrothgar 's performance . grendel grin , shake he head ... ( continued ) 28 29 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 29 . continued : 28 the guard 's mouth drop open , but he voice utterly fail he . grendel 's grin shift to grimace ... as a arm swing up . with : hrothgar as he take one or two more hesitant stride out into the darkness , sniff the air , sense something , he intensity return . pebble skid to one side of he . hrothgar wheel , ready to strike ... but another silence follow . a shadow cross hrothgar . he wheel ... '' -- to meet a large shape descend through the air , which tumble in a limp heap , end at hrothgar 's foot : the corpse of the dead guard , he neck neatly snap . with : grendel , watch with grim amusement , from twenty foot away , one with the boulder he stand beside , as ... ..- hrothgar charge forward into the darkness , scream , swinging wildly and blindly with he sword ... after several second of strike nothing , he stop - catch he breath - scan around ... but nothing suggest any shape . finally there come a clicking noise ... and then - almost a laugh . with : hrothgar wheeling on the sound , make out the massive shape , which he charge toward ... only to find , on arrival , that the shape be the boulder ... ..-. and grendel be nowhere to be see . close on : hrothgar stare helplessly out and then up to the brilliant star . a sad smile come and tear fill he eye . ext . danish village / perimeter -- day 29 wealhtheow urgently come along the path ... pass villager who be subdued , all look toward ... ..- hrothgar who sit , hunch over , on a small rise , face the wild , the dead guard lie beside he . wealhtheow hurry up to hrothgar , look he over with concern . ( continued ) 29 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 30 . continued : wealhtheow be you wounded ? hrothgar the thing would not fight . it spare I ... to witness this . 29 a shudder roll through he and he let out a gasp , eyeing the corpse . another jerk shudder ... wealhtheow glance back , see the villager watch , and whisper . wealhtheow ( under she breath ) then get up off you arse ... with you thanes in sight . this be no ground for a king . hrothgar ( caustic / daze ) oh ... you be wrong . for a king who 's have he ball haul up he gut ... it 's the ground . for all the break - bone wretch I have flung to death -- wealhtheow and valhalla . hrothgar consider the terror in the face of the dead guard . hrothgar I do not know . be that the look of a man go happily up to the feast ... or down to the worm ? wealhtheow you talk like a madman . hrothgar no - just the danish king of daylight ! wealhtheow get up now ... or do we bury you here ? hrothgar be that you wish ? ( continued ) 29 30 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 wealhtheow slap he hard across the face - surprising herself . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) ( ironic ) with you thanes in sight . wealhtheow whose wife would you have I be ? wealhtheow stare evenly at he . he sigh , shrug . wealhtheow turn and stride back up into the enclosure . ext . field beyond the danish village -- day 30 selma be pick berry . the sound of a horse approach . she turn to find ... ... wealhtheow there . wealhtheow dismount , approach . selma ( nodd to a spot ) watch yourself . wealhtheow you think I have lose feel for the ground . selma there 's bramble there ... bog there . last thing I need 's a dead queen on my hand . wealhtheow you have have worse and I have be far far less - dead or otherwise . wealhtheow sit down on a rock , while selma keep pick . a long silence . wealhtheow ( cont 'd ) selma , should I fear for my husband ? selma if you have get nothing better to do . wealhtheow sweet , do not play the bitch with I . I do not ask much and I do not ask often . no one dare dirty you name around I . ( continued ) 30 31 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 32 . continued : 30 selma ( ironic ) nor yours around I . they trade the hint of a smile . selma ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) hrothgar die happy ... in he sleep . wealhtheow that 's a lift . selma take they where we can , eh . wealhtheow smile , nod . a silence . wealhtheow I could find a place for you inside . selma we choose we bed a long time back . the woman share a look . wealhtheow nod . selma continue with she berry . ext . danish village -- day 31 a funeral pyre burn with the corpse of the guard . on : hrothgar sit on a rock a short distance off , polish he sword with a cloth ... brendan that 's one shiny sword . hrothgar turn to find ... .-- Brendan shuffle toward he . he 's a bit of a sight : in he dark and ratty monk 's wool cassock , hollow eye socket and fierce - almost unblink - gaze , plus a wonky and unpredictable gait . brendan ( cont 'd ) I be tell you be the dane ' king . ( off hrothgar 's stare ) northumbria wish you well . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 33 . 31 continued : 31 hrothgar celt . you be a way away . brendan I be ... but safe with the sword of Christ . Father Brendan . Brendan bow slightly , he large crucifix swinging forward . hrothgar I see a man , I see a staff ... ( xe the crucifix ) I see a weapon for kill toad . ( off Brendan 's shrug ) Christ , eh? I have hear of he . he ever have much luck with troll ? brendan I be under the think they never cross path . ( off hrothgar 's dismissive look ) but if you be willing to bow before Christ , you shall feel the bless of he great strength . hrothgar my god do not ask I to bow . brendan nor should they dare ... if they will not protect you . this sting hrothgar . his hand squeeze the hilt of he sword , but he resist strike Brendan . Brendan remain unperturb . he eye the pyre ... as the guard be lift upon it . a guard begin to blow on a horn - call the villager to the burn . brendan ( cont 'd ) to face God 's foe be a honour . I have come to drive this evil out . hrothgar with you stick ? brendan with the fire of Heaven ! ( continued ) 31 32 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 hrothgar if you heaven 's on fire , y'better look to that . Brendan get a furious look , and start to pace before hrothgar . hrothgar , in spite of himself , be a bit impressed by Brendan 's intensity . brendan leave I on a dish for the troll , then ! leave I and , if I do not see man 's dawn , I shall see God 's ! I shall see God 's ! Brendan gaze fiercely at hrothgar a moment , he eye blink repeatedly , then he collapse on the ground . unferth stride up , check Brendan , he breathe , he eye . unferth he 's asleep . all hrothgar can manage be a sigh , a shake of the head at the grim farce he life have become . ext . danish shoreline / black beach -- day 32 beowulf 's longship edge into the shallow of a black beach ... stone promontory rise high on either side . he and half he man jump down into the water , and - guide - rope in hand - haul the boat up upon the stone . as the man in the boat begin pass over they battle - gear to that in the water ... «-- they turn to the sound of a neighing horse ... .--- and see erik [ a coast - guard ] come gallop down through a break in the rock , and pull up in the stone ... just out of spear distance . erik hold there ! beowulf as you wish . be this land dane ? erik it be ... and you be not . so unless , you be ripe for a shower of arrow , you will tell who you be . ( continued ) 32 33 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 35 . continued : 32 hondscioh give a great amused laugh at Erik 's threat . Erik , unamuse , lift from he hip a horn . erik ( cont 'd ) two blow of this and fifty man will be on this cliff before you have strapped you ring -shirt . hondscioh fifty bird maybe . erik ( a threat ) be that then you word ? beowulf I be beowulf -- the name register sharply with Erik . erik beowulf the geat . beowulf ( nod ) we come as friend to hrothgar . Erik look over they equipment , and over beowulf - try to mask he awe . erik we welcome friend . bring what you need . i'1l have man look to you ship . Erik blow once on he horn ... the powerful and eerie sound echoing off the cliff . hondscioh one blow be good news ? erik one blow be good . hondscioh wink good - naturedly . Erik glance at beowulf who shrug . ext . OPEN ground -- day 33 beowulf 's troop , load with they weaponry - shield , sword , axe , spear - walk across the even ground , lead by Erik with he horse . ( continued ) 33 34 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 36 . continued : 33 moss-ridd rock rise on either side , boulder and irregular ridge suggest menace shape ... freeze for now . ext . danish village -- day 34 as Erik and the geat come up over a rise , and into sight of ... «-+- the danish village . Erik ride up ahead to ... .»..a guard at the break in the rock who , after a moment with Erik , wave they in . the geat continue forward , scan ... ... villager cluster around a couple funeral pyre . the villager stare back - listless , forlorn , dead - eye - at the geat . hondscioh ( low to the other geat ) by thor ... they have get the spark of cow . breca how bout that one . beowulf and hondscioh follow breca 's gaze ... -..to selma , come from the opposite direction , carry she basket . she 's a jolt of vigor and beauty , especially set against the dregs through which she move . beowulf find she study he with interest ; he edge up to Erik . beowulf who 's the one with the basket ? erik selma . a witch . the happy would keep a boat-length from she . hondscioh ( lascivious ) happiness be not everything . erik she see people 's death . ( continued ) 34 35 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 37 . continued : 34 hondscioh ( wry disappointment ) would not you know . and they continue on . ext . danish village / mead hall -- moment later 35 the geat come up to the great hall - a magnificent wood and stone structure , three storey high . below the eave be hang the great pair of buck 's antler , and around this be ornate wood carving . the geat be obviously impressed . breca that 's one beer-hall , eh hondscioh ? before hondscioh can respond ... erik if you like to drink with ghost . as the geat consider this , a commotion rise behind they . they turn to see ... ---.a cluster of man stride toward they , the commotion come from the older man at the center who be growling impatience , unferth at he side , mutter explanation . as they near , beowulf recognize the old man as ... .-- hrothgar , who be half - drunk and just rouse from sleep . hrothgar , see beowulf , stride clear of he own retinue . beowulf struggle to mask he surprise at the king 's wretch appearance . hrothgar by the god ! my little beowulf ! ( derisive nod to he retinue ) no one tell I anything . he come up to beowulf and give he a great hug ... then hold he at a short distance , look he over , grin . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) I somehow think of you as smaller . beowulf I be eight when I leave . ( continued ) 35 36 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 38 . continued : 35 hrothgar you have grow ! smile all around . beowulf I be sorry . we do not mean to wake you . hrothgar wake I ?! I be a grief - crippled king half - drunk in the middle of the afternoon ! what 's to wake ? ( beat / eye welling ) by the god it 's good to see you ! ( beat ) perhaps odin too have wake from he slumber . wide on : the group ... hrothgar 's guard to one side ... the impressive band of geat opposite ... all join in smile . as hrothgar lead they into the hall , the geat pass ... ..- Brendan who stand to one side , beatific smile on he face , apple in hand . he lock gaze with hondscioh as they pass , and bless the group with the sign of the cross . hondscioh force a awkward smile , nod , continue past . ext . grendel' cave / shoreline cliff -- evening 36 close on : a human 's dry - out head on a cliff - edge face inland . several similar-size rock sit in close proximity . the head be almost down to bone , with some skin and a ratty scalp of hair ... another rock roll up toward the head , but come to rest before it reach it . silence ... then another rock tumble up toward the head , get that much closer , but stop as well . a snarling expletive in troll - tongue : grendel yahhhg ! reveal : grendel , the rock -thrower , as he take he stance once more ... mutter reassurance to himself ... then heave a third rock toward the head . ( continued ) 36 37 38 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 39 . continued : 36 this rock crash into the head , knock it over the cliff . grendel ( cont 'd ) ( high - pitch giddy yelp ) heeeee ! he strut about , chest swell ... then settles he gaze - and sigh - on the sunset . ext . mead hall -- evening 37 the mead hall glow with a profusion of torch - both inside and out - stun against the twilight , the great warm haven it be mean to be . laughter and music from within ... int . mead hall -- continuous 38 the bench be full of warrior and earl , one side the geat troop , on the other the dane ... on the dane ' side , there be considerably more woman than man , the woman talk between themselves , flirtatiously eyeing the revve - up geat . on : breca scan several woman , he mouth fall open with nerve-stunned lust . hondscioh , beside he , reach over and nudge he mouth close . between the two group the fire-pit burn . laughter and talk compete with a musician play a harp , a second with a bone flute , a third play a bodhran . hrothgar sit at one end of the room , beowulf nearest he . there 's abundant food and jug of beer be deliver to the warrior by teenage attendant . wealhtheow , pass behind beowulf , lean in to he , indicate the numerous woman . wealhtheow if a geat be seek a wife , this room would hold better hope than most . beowulf so many -- ( continued ) 38 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 40 . continued : 38 wealhtheow widow . ( off beowulf 's look ) widow far too early . beowulf nod , glance across the group and he gaze meet ... ... unferth , who be fix on he , with a ugly look . unferth take a long draught from he drink , clearly well on the way to drunk . wealhtheow reluctantly pour beer from a jug into the drunk hrothgar 's cup . with some effort he stand . aeschere Ho ! and the room go silent . hrothgar look about , eye water . he smile , but as quickly get overwhelm with emotion . catch a huge breath . the grief and fear and hopelessness wash over he face . he clear he throat , but nothing follow . he scan the group , shrug apologetically , laugh - but it 's nothing the other can join in on . wealhtheow gently put a hand on he shoulder , whisper something in he ear . he nod and lower himself back to he seat . wealhtheow turn to the assembly . wealhtheow with my king I welcome you all . too many day we have drunk to forget the night , and what it bring . but today we drink to what the day 's bring - thirteen sword against we curse . thirteen man to swell we weary ... ( soft , suggestive ) +--wall . wealhtheow turn to beowulf and fill he cup . wealhtheow ( cont 'd ) we will never forget this gift . and she move along the row of geat pour into each cup . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 41 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 beowulf rise , and he too find himself a bit emotional . his gaze drift over the group as he speak . beowulf I will say this once : this be no gift , come here be the least I can do . dane , you shelter I as a child . some of you here be old enough to remember . to the rest I say only I come as a brother . ( beat ) this other with I make they own mind . we mean to bring a end to this fiend -- unferth ( loud mutter ) as other vow ... wealhtheow uunferth ! beowulf by you will , dear queen ... we be wiser in know the heart of that who have tangle with the thing . a brief silence through which unferth and beowulf lock gaze . aeschere ( sharp / eyeing unferth ) that be dead . unferth I do not brag of wrestle with it , nor of be able to kill it . ( beat ) the troll break down this door with twenty danish warrior sleep inside . what give thirteen geat better hope ? hondscioh we will not be sleep . unferth no - more likely brag of you fight with cod-fish . a coldness sweep through the room , the geat on edge . aeschere rise , livid , glaring at unferth . ( continued ) 38 39 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 42 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 aeschere if you do not know what this man have do , you will shut you hole or have it shut for you . if you do know , then so much the worse ! + oh hrothgar glance over , blink up out of he fog . beowulf ( to unferth ) so , friend - unscathed amidst all this death - should we guess you have steer you way clear of brag ? unferth get a wild look , rise from he seat , hand to he sword-hilt . but just as suddenly hrothgar have rise , this time with fury . hrothgar * unferth ! sit or see you gut ina * dish . unferth look suddenly puzzle , the beer fogging he head . finally he sit . hrothgar eye the geat , struggle for focus . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) forgive we forget the way of kin . beowulf , if you do as you vow , there 's nothing you can wish for that will not be yours - if I have any weight in it . ( beat ) now , before the dark must sharpen we again , song and beer ! as a attendant reach to pour into hrothgar 's cup , he cover it with he hand , shake he head . the musician begin again , and the attendant bring more beer ... conversation rise up all around . ext . field beyond the danish village -- evening 39 the far-off sound of laughter from the hall drift over the field . and a dark silhouette rise in the foreground : grendel , slow at the sound . he listen with puzzlement - which shift to irritation . ( continued ) 39 40 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 43 . continued : 39 he shake he head categorically ... grendel ( firm mutter ) na-na-na-na ... to -na-na-na ... .».. and he lope off toward the distant light , he stride lengthen , arm swinging , landscape stream under he foot . ext . mead hall / balcony -- evening 40 as the geat warrior below and inside set up they equipment , prepare for a attack - with a drunken unferth watch they suspiciously ... ..- beowulf and hrothgar stand on the open balcony , look out on the fall dark . hrothgar 's mood be grim ... in spite of the raucous man below ... but he 's more clear-head . hrothgar since it begin we have have saxon , swede ... even slavs ... come to see how weak we be . beowulf study hrothgar a long beat . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) I know . I look like walrus shit . come of fight thing you can not . hrothgar manage a weak smile . beowulf clasp hrothgar 's shoulder . beowulf all bad dream end . we will see you in the morning for herring and egg . hrothgar herring and egg . as beowulf turn toward the battlement ... a desperate look cross hrothgar 's face , struggle with the thing he can not say . beowulf if there 's anything you need to tell I about it ... now would be the time . hrothgar fight a shudder . beowulf again take hold of he shoulder , steady he . hrothgar clenches beowulf 's hand . ( continued ) 40 40 a 41 42 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 44 . continued : 40 hrothgar I will stay here amongst you . beowulf shake he head . beowulf we will bring you the head . throw it in with the herring and egg . they trade smile . hrothgar study beowulf , see he steely resolve . for the first time in age hrothgar risk hope . int . mead hall -- night 40a pan over : the thirteen geat , some lie on mat on the floor , some on bench , one or two slump back in sit position against the wall , all with weapon at the ready . all alert and wait ... -+- all except unferth , who lie back , snore loudly . beowulf sit at the foot of the empty throne , stare into the ember of the fire - pit , he great sword in he hand . ext . danish village / mead hall -- night 41 Brendan be kneel at the bottom of a slope lead up to the mead hall . he be face the wild , and quietly praying in latin . the huge shape of grendel edge into the light , head on a line from the rock - through Brendan - to the hall . Brendan , sniff the air , visibly tense but continue in prayer , eye close . grendel - still yard away - slow to a stop , and take he own long sniff of Brendan . clearly it puzzle he : a man - smell he 's not meet before . as Brendan 's prayer increase in breathiness ... .-- grendel curve off and around he , then onward up to the hall . int . mead hall -- continuous 42 a ember pop ... and it 's follow immediately by the creak of strain timber ... beowulf 's gaze swing to the door ... 43 44 45 46 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 45 . ext . mead hall -- continuous 43 grendel lean toward the door , sniff - and even more puzzle by the smell from inside . int . mead hall -- continuous 44 from outside the sound of grendel 's sniffing ... the warrior swing up from they bed , adrenaline of battle rush in - but they be cautious to not betray they readiness - all eye be open , all mouth close . some man remain squatting ; other stand , weapon draw in preparation ... ext . mead hall -- continuous 45 close on : grendel hold he forearm horizontally against the door ... seem to test its strength . grendel 's head then slump forward , forehead rest against the arm . grendel close he eye . int . mead hall -- continuous 46 there then come a longer creak and a gentle - yet enormous - pressure on the bolt door from outside ... a great sigh ... beowulf , sword at the ready , edge to the door ... hondscioh and breca at he side ... there 's a silence ... the warrior ' apprehension building ... ... then a prolong trickle sound ... beowulf look down , and immediately jerk back a step , avoid ... close on : a liquid - grendel 's urine - pool under the door . beowulf give he man a look ; they all move forward as beowulf angrily throw off the lock timber , and swing open the door , swing back he blade ... ... to find only darkness , and the staggering stench of the troll 's piss-mark . 47 48 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 46 . ext . mead hall -- night 47 on : Brendan , eye close , still praying ... as a huge shadow - throw by the mead hall torch - pass over he ... ...a throaty snicker from the passerby , and then he be go . Brendan let out a sigh , but do not open he eye . ext . danish village / mead hall -- day 48 on : blacksmith turn glow poker against the stain wood of the great door ... burn off grendel 's urine . beowulf , hondscioh and hrothgar , amongst other , watch from one side . hrothgar be puzzle but relieved . hrothgar worse thing than a bloodless dawn . beowulf he let we rest ... the worse for he . hondscioh he ever leave man alive in the hall ? hrothgar since it begin ... hrothgar shake he head . the three man trade a look . beowulf 's drift gaze find ... .--.- Brendan , a short distance off , sit on a rock - almost indiscernible among the boulder surround he . he 's chew on a apple , study the other . beowulf stride down to he , hondscioh and hrothgar follow . beowulf Priest , where do you spend the night ? Brendan consider he a moment , then nod to the spot where he would be praying . beowulf ( cont 'd ) you do not move at all through the night ? ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 47 . 48 continued : 48 brendan ( consider , shrug ) up once to piss , but ... beowulf give a dubious look . brendan ( cont 'd ) ( wry , rhetorical ) why be such a daft wretch spare ? ( beat / fervent ) demon 's wise enough to know a messenger of God ! to touch my cloak 's to bring God 's very fire and storm upon its head . hondscioh that 's not what he ask . Brendan stare back at hondscioh a beat , then - ignore he - turn to hrothgar . brendan Wise king , you must know the name of clovis . hondscioh the Frank . brendan ( faintly condescending ) the Frank , yes . yes , the Frank . ( beat / intense ) the Christian sword over land ten time what the dane hold dear ! beowulf he 's dead . brendan do I say he be a god ? ( beat ) he 's dead , yes , ten year now -- but not before he see God 's grace : the visigoth of aquitaine , the Roman under syagrius , burgundian , alaman all fall before he ! and all because he have God 's ear ! ( continued ) 48 beowulf continued : & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 48 . ( 2 ) 48 hrothgar if I recall , he also have a thousand sword , neighbour go soft on wine and pig , no ice on he river - hondscioh and no fuck troll . hrothgar and no troll . brendan my skinny hand can only bless . but trust I - this thing shall meet its end in strike I ... or that of mine . Brendan shuffles off . the three share a look . beowulf madness have its wonder . unferth ( throaty ) the celt sit straight in the path of the thing ... and be not touch . the three turn to see a haggard , hungover unferth approach . hondscioh hondscioh ( mutter ) the dead do walk . beowulf ( to hrothgar ) the celt hold no sword . perhaps the thing hate weapon . hrothgar but you man be armed . fix on unferth and he sword . hondscioh other here in arm have be spare . unferth give he a threaten look . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 49 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 unferth I have wait for odin to bring I my death . he have not . hondscioh ( wry ) in he wisdom ? unferth tremble with indignation , sense insult , but there 's little to take hold of . he turn and stride away . hrothgar there walk one of my toughest fighter . he still be with man ... but the troll steal he spine . beowulf brood a beat . beowulf do you know where the thing make its home ? hrothgar we follow a blood - trail once , take we to the foot of cliff ... 49 ext . floodplain leading to cliff -- day 49 with the steam / mist burn off the water ... -.. Erik lead beowulf and the geat - on horseback - down the black sand beach , dog run ahead ... '' -- to a wall of daunt cliff , at the bottom of which the dog sniff and howl . beowulf , hondscioh and breca consider the challenging climb . erik this be where the blood trail lead . hondscioh not much know to daylight climb up that . beowulf which be why he get he rest . beowulf start up through the rock ... ( continued ) 49 50 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 50 . continued : 49 hondscioh I tell you , this troll must be one tough prick ... ( off breca 's look / wry ) do this climb every night after supper ? and the other proceed to follow beowulf . ext . cliff -- later 50 the geat troop be edging up the rocky bluff , but warily , the warrior struggle to gauge the shadow which shift with the shifting mist . thorfinn [ 20 ] , wiry and vigorous , lead the way now ... .-- with beowulf and hondscioh just a bit back of he . hondscioh eye Erik . hondscioh you want to blow you horn now , I would not mind that fifty bow you bragge of . erik I could bring the bow . but the man be go . beowulf give hondscioh a look ... but he gaze then fix on ... .-- thorfinn who , step up , take hold of a jutting hunk of driftwood for support ... beowulf this be too high up for driftwood . ( warning ) thorfinn ! as thorfinn stop and turn , beowulf urgently scan around ... there come the SOUND of shifting rock just above thorfinn . the piece of wood come free in he hand , he lose he foot , and tumble back ... from a ridge just above he there swing down a great rack of curve white spike ... thorfinn scramble to the side , just miss impalement ... ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 54 55 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 51 . continued : 50 ..- before the rack lodge in the rock on either side . * beowulf and hondscioh - sword draw - edge up to the * whalebone barrier . they scan through the steadily increase fog . hondscioh vee tty ) ; Little high up for a whale 's rib ? they each take hold of a side of the contraption , but it do not budge . beowulf this be sharpen bone ... hondscioh ... and rig to swing . * ( to Erik ) what be we fight here ? erik a thing beyond we ken . omitted 51 * ext . rocky passage -- day 52 the geat stride along a cleft between a sea of glacial boulder . they be move quickly - though warily - but there be more ferocity than fear in they eye . the rocky outcrop suggest figure loom , between the moss and mist and stone . omitted 53 * omitted 54 * ext . boulder / glacier -- moment later 55 on : brawny hand seek grip in the top of a boulder . they * do - and with a grunt of effort .. * ..- beowulf pull himself up into view . * his expression - that of the hunter on the scent of prey - * lose its fierceness , shifting abruptly to that of a man lose * at sea ... * as hondscioh and breca come up on either side of he ... * ( continued ) 55 56 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 52. continued : 55 ... the three gaze out over ... * -..a massive glacial plain rise up for several mile . * beowulf we be out of we world . the three consider the magnificent - if eerie - ripple ice , * on either side of which rise only boulder . ext . ridge / waterfall -- day 56 on : grimur , a misfit dane , stand in the river down from * the waterfall , be baptize by Brendan howling out * indecipherable Latin . * on : hrothgar sit on a rock overlook a waterfall , and * face down to the pool below the fall , he eye watery , face wet . some yard back of he stand he horse . * the geat troop appear on the ridge , beowulf at the head . * beowulf near and ... ..- hrothgar - startle by the approach - wheel about , sword in hand . orient himself . wipe the mist / tear from he face . force a awkward smile ... hrothgar I be off in a dream . beowulf wish I could bring a better one . hrothgar scan they rank , see all intact . * beowulf ( cont 'd ) * this thing 's smart as a man . * hrothgar be it less , it would hang on my wall . beowulf have you ever try to trap it ? hrothgar ten man wait one night . ready . with net , sword , spear . it go through they like salmon . beowulf yet it do not try we . ( continued ) 56 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 53 . continued : 56 hrothgar ( weary smile ) perhaps you smell off . beowulf 's gaze drift to the water below the fall . angle down on : curious villager scattered along the riverbank , also watch ... ...- Brendan , in he cloak , stand with unferth now who be naked to the waist , in the middle of the swirl stream . Brendan , scream he latin against the roar of the fall , take up a handful of water , and splashes unferth in the sign of the cross . hrothgar and beowulf consider the ritual . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) baptism they call it . unferth feel he 's fall from the gaze of we god . beowulf do unferth 's king give he this freedom ? ( off hrothgar 's shrug ) you do not fear he have a eye on you throne ? hrothgar I know he do . my son be dead . beowulf from the troll ? hrothgar ( shake he head ) one to fever , one to wulfing , one to a iceberg turn . ( beat ) to sit in blood be not every man 's wish . if this Christ can stiffen unferth 's heart , what 's the harm ? as unferth wade back toward the shore ... ... beowulf see hrothgar 's despondency . beowulf they swim only out of fear . ( continued ) 56 57 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 hrothgar still ... they swim . the two consider the dilemma . ext . field beyond the danish village -- day 57 selma be alone in the field , pick herb . beowulf dusk soon , eh. selma turn , see beowulf some yard off . she fight she intrigue . selma you a herd dog ? beowulf , momentarily throw , struggle up a grin . beowulf be call worse . I be -- selma yes . the much -told hero from geatland . in they glance there 's obvious attraction , but both be cautious in the manner , reluctant to appear draw . selma turn back to she work . beowulf edge closer . beowulf I do not remember you . ( off she look ) from when I be young here . selma no . I come here in my teens . ( point ) a whore to unferth 's uncle , alvis Three - leg . ( beat ) maybe I be wrong . maybe it be one. ( off he look ) leg . beowulf let she grim quip have its moment . beowulf you be not then dane ? ( continued ) 57 beowulf continued : a silence . plant . & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 55 . 57 selma oh I be . but my parent be kill by wulf raider . beowulf ( bright ) my father too ... ( correct himself ) .».. not kill , I mean , but a feud with the wulfing bring we here . selma ( flat ) it happen . I guess you be not make a whore . he get she point . selma continue with pick beowulf I be tell you know of thing to come . selma that 's a wide sea . beowulf of the death of thing . selma see that everything live die , you still give I the sight of god . ( beat ) speak clean . you wonder of yourself . beowulf more of the troll . selma ( dubious smile ) not of yourself ? beowulf in some thing I would rather be blind . selma you be worse than loki with you sheepshit twine . we hear the hero of the geat be bless in flesh , but also think . ( more ) ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 56 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 selma ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) I say he die , you likely live . I say he life ... she throw he a look . a silence . she relent . selma by grid , you be the lamest blood - mighty I have meet ! ( off he look / beat ) the death of the troll will cost dear both the geat and dane ... as it bloody well should . beowulf why as it should ? selma the dane have do they doom on he . and you come here to kill . beowulf we game we life come here . to help the dane . you say you be dane ? selma I be not a killer . beowulf grab hold of she arm , he anger rise . but she stare back at he , give no physical resistance , only she eye . beowulf ( a warning ) many man would not hold themselves . selma oh so you be a soft-heart too . beowulf catch himself , release she arm , and step back . selma some man end up tear to bit . and eat . they head use for bowl . beowulf scowl , throw by the weirdness of she warning . beowulf bowl ? ( continued ) 57 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 57 . continued : ( 3 ) 57 selma Rolling a ball against stand cup ... or - I dunno - skull ? the saxon play it . but you be just a worm - eat northern shit ... so I guess you would not know . beowulf stare hard at she , but she gaze be more than a match . they're interrupt by hondscioh and breca riding up on horseback . beowulf break eye contact with selma , glance at hondscioh . hondscioh the day 's go down . if we want to be ready ... beowulf nod , and start back toward the village . selma careful with what you do not understand . beowulf turn , eye she a beat , then continue on with he boy . once out of selma 's earshot , hondscioh catch breca 's eye , grin . hondscioh that 's one spooky danish girl . beowulf y'ever hear of bowl ? ( off they look ) something the saxon do . breca would not trust a saxon as far as I could throw he . hondscioh y'ever meet a saxon ? breca knew someone who do . hondscioh give a snort of doubt . and the man continue on . 58 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 58 . ext . danish village -- dusk 58 beowulf , hondscioh and breca walk back through the village ... .».. and find the villager in a improve mood . there be conversation in the pathway , mild laughter ... they pass the blacksmith 's forge . the smith grin , wave a red-hot axe-head hold in tong . he give a forearm / fist of solidarity , and ram the axe-head down into the water bucket - burst steam . the three geat continue on ... .».. come upon ... .-+- grimur who be whimper , cornere into a section of the barricade , hold up he arm to protect he bleed head from stone throw by a cluster of kide . hondscioh Ho ! the kid wheel , stone in hand . see who it be , they have a quick muttering conference but back off a bit . one kid step up . kid grimur 's get a troll -heart ! he bring grannel here ! beowulf grannel ? kid the troll ! grimur ( through bloody mouth ) I be a dane and a Christian ! kid you mother screw troll ! grimur you little prick ! Wild -ey , grimur stagger at the kid , who drill he in the head with a stone . ( continued ) 58 59 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 59 . continued : 58 grimur screech , fall to the ground , groan and hold he head . as the kid move to give grimur a kick , beowulf step between they . he eye the kid harshly ... but the kid be as wild - eye as grimur . kid ( tremulous ) grannel kill my brother ! and beowulf see the rage in the child . he place he huge hand on the kid 's tremble shoulder . indicate grimur . beowulf this wretch do not . but we will get the one that do . the kid meet beowulf 's eye . he calm , turn , lead he group away . ext . mead hall balcony -- dusk 59 as the geat warrior prepare they troll - watch in the hall below ... ..-.- beowulf approach hrothgar on the balcony . beowulf I do not know this thing have a name . ( off hrothgar 's look ) even the child know he - grannel ? hrothgar give a disinterested shrug . beowulf have this thing - this grannel - kill any child ? hrothgar think a moment , shake he head . beowulf woman ? ( off hrothgar 's headshake ) Old man ... or man without war-gear ? hrothgar what - you be think he fight with a clean heart ? ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 60 . 59 continued : 59 beowulf I just -- hrothgar ( flaring ) he kill the strongest first ! he show we he can kill the strongest ! and who care if he spare the child - they will die anyhow without they father ! a silence . beowulf my wit still war with how this all begin . hrothgar ( shrug ) hate for the hall , I can only guess . the night we finish building it , the foul creep come . we have not see a troll in fifteen ... maybe twenty year . beowulf so nothing be do to this troll itself . hrothgar ( faintly irk ) beowulf ! it 's a fuck troll ! maybe someone look at it the wrong way ! beowulf ( beat / soft ) some dane ? hrothgar study beowulf with faint suspicion . hrothgar who hand you this ? selma ? ( off beowulf 's look ) she 's be alone in the wild too long . her head 's full of spider , lap 's full of moss . beowulf it 's say she see thing . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 64 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 hrothgar the crazy do . ( beat ) listen , I never begge anyone to come here and take on we fight . I do not hold you here -- beowulf we come to help . hrothgar then I beg you , do not saddle my heart with talk of why a troll do what it do . hrothgar eye the dimming horizon . turn , squeeze beowulf 's shoulder , and start down the step back into the hall . beowulf scan the ground , the darkness creep from the rock , but he heart remain unsettle . int . mead hall -- night 60 pan across : the geat warrior sprawle across the room , weapon at the ready . breca , hondscioh , thorkel , thorfinn - eye open - listen to the night . several other be fight drowsiness ... ..- while beowulf appear fully asleep . omitted 61 int . mead hall -- continuous 62 on : beowulf as he eye spring open . otherwise , only he hand move - take grip of he sword . the clatter of something bounce off the door . omitted 63 int . mead hall -- continuous 64 beowulf rise , sword draw ... he warrior also furtively reach for weapon . beowulf edge toward the door . another clatter but this one to the side of the building . he tense , puzzle , look around at he band ... a brief silence ... ( continued ) 64 65 66 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 62 . continued : 64 +.. then another tap / clatter - this one from the other side . as the man spread themselves about the space ... ... there come a flurry of thing hitting and bouncing off the roof . beowulf take up a torch , indicate for hondscioh to open the door . as beowulf cock back he torch -hand , ready to throw it ... hondscioh and breca throw open the door ... . -.to find nothing there but the dark . the band , lead by beowulf , nonetheless charge forward ... ext . mead hall -- continuous 65 -..onto the porch . beowulf watch the side ! as the man cautiously edge out ... +-- beowulf look down to find ... .-.. numerous scattered stone and pebble on the porch . ext . mead hall / yard -- continuous 66 the man move out several yard from the porch , then hold near the ceremonial firepit , the darkness impenetrable any further ... hondscioh edge up beside breca . hondscioh can we smell that bad ? on : beowulf - the furthest out - a short distance from the rest of he crew . he stare into the dark . beowulf come on , crab slime , show I this tooth . silence but for the wind in the hill ... the darkness offer nothing else back ... ( continued ) * 66 67 68 69 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 63 . continued : 66 .-. the torch - light flicker against the scare-hide , against the stand stone and boulder ... edging in on : one of the boulder on which , gradually a face be make out - the faintly grin face of grendel - " play " stone ... -.- no geat even aware of the game . omitted 67 omitted 68 ext . shed / firepit -- day 69 with fog hang over the village ... beowulf wander along , brood on the " peacefulness " of the morning ... ...- dane seem to be go about they business . he come up to a firepit where thorkel - harp in hand - be face a small group of fascinate child . thorkel o'er the night , the warrior wait , / sword and shield in ring - wrap grip . / then the fiend of bog and brine / crept to that door of ten men' weight , / bade it creak with breath alone / but then smelt God amongst the man . / hardly have they hoist steel / than the thing 's rank gut give out . / great beowulf , God 's awful arm -- beowulf ( irk ) enough ! thorkel stop , turn , see beowulf ... beowulf ( cont 'd ) ( to the child ) go off now ! and the child scurry off . thorkel eye beowulf harshly . thorkel you scare they do that . ( continued ) 69 69a beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 64 . continued : 69 beowulf oo fuck , thorkel ! they have only have month of waking to the scattered part of kin ! do not feed they lie . that be piss the other night - piss on we . if any god be there , they be sleep . thorkel ( hesitant ) the celt say Jesus Christ never sleep , that he walk amongst we even now . beowulf oh yeah , that 's all we need . a god go mad from lack of sleep . thorkel shrug , strum he harp . int . mead hall -- day [ formerly 68 ] 69 a on : hrothgar slump on he throne , stare grimly into the otherwise empty space of the hall . with : beowulf edging through the door , see hrothgar . beowulf cross the hall toward he ... ..+- hrothgar break from he stupor . hrothgar I build this hall to be my home . not the stinking grave of my people . maybe it should just burn down . a silence . beowulf consider the handsome hall . beowulf I do not know what else we can do . he come here , throw he stone , piss , go . if I know what steer he mind -- hrothgar beowulf ! what steer the mind of a slav ? what steer the mind of a wulf ? they want what 's yours so you have to cut they head in half or else they take it ! we be not talk great thinker here . ( continued ) * + hf of oe oo oo 69 ar 69b beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 65 . continued : 69 a hrothgar study beowulf - see he ambivalence . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) something have you turn . beowulf I fear the troll just wait for we to go . hrothgar same think gnaw on I . ext . edge of village -- day 69b beowulf walk along the edge of the village , look over ... -.. some geat make adjustment to they weapon ... .».. one mend he jerkin ... .-- another whittling a fish from wood . he pass a old shed , only to find ... ..- thorkel on the other side have sex with a young danish widow . beowulf watch a moment more than he otherwise might ... briefly transfix ... before thorfinn turn and see he . beowulf turn away ... -.-. continue on over to a field ... ..- where breca and hondscioh be practice sword - play . but the two of they be in very different world : breca be fight with spectacularly flashy great swing of he great blade ... whereas hondscioh seem lose in think - matter - of - factly block breca 's stroke , but make no advance on he own . breca stop , indicate hondscioh to beowulf . breca he 's already fight like a dane . hondscioh you want to waste you stroke on I and the air - go ahead . ( continued ) * oof * * 69 B beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 66 . continued : 69b beowulf step up , unsheathes he sword . breca take sparring position ... and they begin trading loose stroke . breca ( mock ) hondscioh have a bad dream . beowulf glance at hondscioh , give this more respect than breca be willing to . hondscioh shake he head , dismissive . beowulf ( to breca ) and yours be good ? a trading of swordstroke . breca shrug . beowulf ( cont 'd ) here with the smoke of the dead ? breca get the shot . take a heavy swing at beowulf which beowulf block . breca I do not see fear help we . hondscioh do not you fuck start -- beowulf fear , eh ... and beowulf take a couple fierce swing at breca , under which breca stagger back . the two stare at each other a beat - fire in they eye . and breca stride forward swinging he blade as to cut through tree . beowulf - see the power - keep back , till breca have spend some of he emotion . then beowulf counter , knock breca back till he tumble over some uneven ground . beowulf stand over he , he blade raise . breca careful you do not drop it . beowulf ( soft ) fear have its place . ( continued ) 69 B 70 71 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 B he lower he blade , calm , offer breca a hand up . breca , after a beat , accept . ext . wild -- day 70 beowulf edge along on horseback , eyeing the rocky outcrop with suspicion . ext . selma' hut -- early evening 71 selma be cooking at she fire-pit . beowulf ride up , surprising she , but she quickly mask it . selma how do you find I ? beowulf most dane seem to know the way . selma most do not have the gut this day . she study he face , see a wildness in he eye , resign herself . she put down the utensil , turn she back to he , spread she leg slightly , hike up she skirt , and bend over against a railing , offer herself . beowulf struggle with he urge . selma ( cont 'd ) there 's butter in the bowl , if you need it . beowulf avert he eye . beowulf I wonder if you throw the stone . selma straighten up , drop she skirt . selma rune-stone . ( off he nod / sardonic ) oh no , you do not fear you fate . beowulf my weird be my own , that 's not what I ask . I need the right path . ( continued ) 71 72 73 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 68. continued : 71 selma there be the one that lead back to geatland . beowulf if the stone say so . selma and what if I lie ? beowulf then the god will bring I back . it 's both a warning and a promise . selma so . no thought at all for my cunt . beowulf look off : it 's not the word he need to hear right now . selma ( cont 'd ) warrior - monk , not many of that . she study he a beat , then turn and she go into she hut . int . selma' hut -- dusk 72 selma sit on the floor , lean over the rune- stone as she shake they , throw they , and then consider . beowulf sit opposite , transfix by what the V in she neckline reveal of she chest . selma the answer 's in the stone , not my breast . she look up at he . he awkwardly shrug - catch . there come agitation from the horse outside , stomping the dirt , neighing . a eerie whistling . beowulf stand , and draw he sword . he eye she a beat . she look back down to she stone . and he stride out ... ext . selma' hut -- continuous 73 ..- into the yard , where he scan the now-misty periphery . ( continued ) 73 74 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 69 . continued : 73 glimpsing a huge dark figure run into the mist . beowulf watch a moment - in obvious awe - then rush to he horse , and mount it . but , in turn to mount the horse , he find ... ... the figure already lose from view . Nonetheless , he edge off in pursuit . ext . wild / rockface -- continuous 74 beowulf ride along , though cautiously , due to the mist . shapes can be vaguely make out ... suggestion of movement , but they be unresolved , indefinite - keep beowulf on he guard . there come a weird unsettle laugh ... then the sound of falling scree to one side ... --.and beowulf veer off the trail ... -.. come to a slope which lead up to a more sheer rock - face . at he foot , dust from the stone - fall be only start to settle . selma ride up beside he . beowulf give she a wary look . beowulf be this in the rune-stone ? selma shake she head - but in exasperation , not confirmation . beowulf dismount and start up the scree-ridden slope . selma that 's less than wise . beowulf ( hint of suspicion ) so you stone say ? selma they do not need to . most could see ... to climb shifting scree at dusk ... in mist ... unless of course you be a hero ... beowulf stare up into the mist . ( continued ) 74 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 70 . continued : 74 with : grendel , perch in a seemingly inaccessible crag , a berry - bush in hand from which he pluck berry and eat they . beowulf ( shout ) grannel ! leave here ... or stay and meet you doom ! grendel ( weary mutter ) ++- doom doom doom doom ... with : beowulf try to make out the sound . selma it 's grendel . not grannel . beowulf ( xe grendel 's noise ) be that talk ? selma well it be not bark . a low rumble of a garble mutter [ in Old norse / icelandic ] from above . selma smirk . beowulf what ? selma he offer you the same . ( off he look ) you can leave or meet you doom . ( beat ) you be not dane . that 's why you still breathe . with : grendel ... beowulf I be blood -bound to hrothgar ! grendel ( to himself / mock ) --- blood blood blood ... grendel gather up some stone from between he foot . he growls out a terse phrase to beowulf . with : beowulf look to selma for translation . ( continued ) 74 75 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 74 selma say that 's you burden . beowulf 's temper fray , he raise he sword at the rock -face . beowulf my burden be you stinking life ! a silence ... then the handful of stone come down upon beowulf 's helmet , infuriate he more . beowulf come down here , I swear I will hammer this stone right up you hairy arse ! a long mutter , and selma try she hardest not to laugh . beowulf stare at she , impatient for the translation . selma he say that might help . he 's have a hard time shitting since the last dane he eat . the sound of shifting scree ... and beowulf raise he sword ... eyeing the mist for a discernible shape . but nothing come . a silence . selma he 's go . beowulf why will not he fight I ? selma why should he ? you have do nothing to he . selma turn she horse and start back down the path . beowulf look - from she - back up into the darken rock - face , perplex . ext . selma' hut -- evening 75 beowulf ride into the camp to find ... -.. selma stir up the ember of she firepit . beowulf dismount , edge over to she . beowulf what be he do at you hut ? ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 72 . 75 continued : 75 selma give a faintly contemptuous look , but it 's meet by beowulf 's own look - one carry a scary volatility . selma I forget . you be the great geat - welcome to woman wherever you go . swimmer of ocean ... able to kill five swede in a stroke of he great blade ... beowulf I only come to help the dane find peace . selma I be dane . I be at peace . not that I always be . ( beat ) when alvis Three - leg die in my bed , some - like unferth - claim * I kill he with a drink . they burn my hut , drive I to the wild . then they would only come around to maybe spill some seed . beowulf * unferth too ? * selma * unferth lead . * beowulf * they still come ? selma not since grendel . beowulf grendel . what sort of name -- * selma means " grinder . " * beowulf of bone ? selma of tooth . he be bear with bad dream . beowulf give a skeptical look . selma shrug : believe it or not . * ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 79 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 selma ( cont 'd ) nothing I say will help you kill he . beowulf study she - see the challenge - and she witchy beauty in the fall light . selma ( cont 'd ) keep to the path . try not to fight with the moss . selma cross the threshold into the hut , light a lamp , then take off she cloak . she turn in the doorway and she breast shift noticeably beneath the wear -thin cloth of she blouse . she stare back at beowulf a beat , then close the door . the sound of a wooden latch fall into place . beowulf , both stunne and arouse , turn and mount he horse , eye the fall dark . ext . path approaching village -- evening 76 beowulf ride along , warily ... .-- while above , in the boulder , grendel scramble , smile , keep pace . int . mead hall -- night 77 on : beowulf sit before the fire-pit , stare into the ember . around he , all the geat warrior sleep . for the first time , seem peace . beowulf 's gaze be fix on the great door on which shadow gently shift , suggest figure , ghost ... int . mead hall -- day 78 the warrior jerk awake , scan around - no damage , sunlight stream through the door ... ... and , in a corner , beowulf soundly sleep . int . hrothgar' chamber -- day 79 with sunlight stream in through the smoke-hole ... ( continued ) 79 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 74 . continued : 79 ...- hrothgar lean forward against the wall , pissing into a bucket . he wince , eye close , sweat on he forehead . finish , he look down , and - as quickly - jerk he gaze away . hrothgar ( tremulous whisper ) fuck I ... he take up the bucket , start out of the room , when ... ... wealhtheow come in with a pitcher and cup . she immediately see he state . she look to the bucket , but he push past she . panic rise in she . wealhtheow hrothgar ? hrothgar it 's age . nothing more . wealhtheow stay . hrothgar put the bucket out of the room , turn back to she . wealhtheow ( persuade herself ) you do not go in pain . you go in peace . happy ... hrothgar happy . ( force laugh ) well , then ... I be not go anywhere today . ( beat ) who say this ? selma . ( off wealhtheow 's silence ) odin wish I no peace . ( long beat ) she say I die happy . wealhtheow nod . hrothgar shake he head , try to fathom the think . 80 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 75 . ext . danish village -- day 80 close on : a hnaftafl board [ norse chess - like game ] with breca and hondscioh sit on opposite side : there be about a dozen light player surround by a besiege force of twenty dark player , a light king - figure in the center of the board . wide / reveal : beowulf and a few geat stand nearby watch . hrothgar so long as the king win the day . the geat turn to see hrothgar shuffle up , with a amiable grin . hondscioh always , my Lord . hrothgar pat beowulf 's shoulder , lead he away from the other . hrothgar so ... another bloodless night . ( off beowulf 's nod ) well , for you ... at any rate . beowulf ponder the cryptic comment . hrothgar make sure none of the other be close enough to hear . hrothgar I be pissing it . beowulf ( after a puzzle beat ) blood ? hrothgar ( nod / shrug ) it 's come and go over the month . ( force grin ) I be turn to a woman . or a die man . beowulf gather he word . beowulf last night I talk with he . hrothgar look at he , not get the sense . ( continued ) 80 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 76 . continued : 80 beowulf ( cont 'd ) grendel ... hrothgar ( stunne ) you talk ? beowulf if you can trust what selma say . hrothgar consider this a long beat . beowulf ( cont 'd ) he stay above I in the rock . but it be a voice ... speak word . he only want dane . he blame you for something . hrothgar almost choke on this . hrothgar he blame I ! of all the shit ! ( fierce mutter ) what the fuck they think -- hrothgar stop himself . a silence . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) there be cove north of here no dane even dare to go ! how much land do one mouth need ? what 's he think - he 's a fuck troll caesar - with rights to everything he look upon ?! ( indicate the mountain ) we roam the seas , I will say that . but up there , that rock and ice , we never find the need to go . I do not go knock down he door ! the two man brood on this a beat . hrothgar sigh to calmness . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) Word on the wave be I die happy . ( off beowulf 's look ) no god I know have offer I that . no . mine just offer beer , a fish here and there ... and friend to burn . ( beat / overwhelm ) ( more ) ( continued ) 80 81 82 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 hrothgar ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to hold you talk with that fucker . beowulf he talk ... from well beyond my sword . but it 's clear in hrothgar 's look that he sense beowulf know more . ext . river -- day 81 on : hrothgar , solemn , to he waist in the river ... wide / reveal : Brendan raise a handful of water and touch hrothgar 's in the sign of the cross ... muttering latin as he do ... as Brendan turn back to the shore ... ..- hrothgar remain , and turn to the deeper water . hrothgar ( a mutter ) bless I ... or be do ... and drow I in blood . wide on : many dane on the shore watch the ritual . close on : beowulf and hondscioh , watch with clearly mix emotion . hondscioh great . now we get a piss - off odin . beowulf or maybe no one up there at all . hondscioh ( fierce , superstitious ) do not say that ! what 's in you head ?! ( off beowulf 's look ) I do not game my blood for last night 's beer . the two eye each other . beowulf shrug retraction . ext . danish shoreline / harbour -- day 82 as beowulf and he man work on they boat ... stitching the sail , add pitch to the seam ... ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 78 . continued : 82 ... grimur approach , heal , but still show the scab from he wound , and edge up to beowulf . grimur I owe you for spare I from that stone . I can lead you to the dane - killer 's cave . beowulf be stunne by the offer . beowulf grendel ? ( off he nod / wary ) why do not you before ? grimur I fear all thing ... its wrath ... my death . he hold up a cross on a chain around he neck . grimur ( cont 'd ) no more . grimur give a happy smile . beowulf mask he ambivalence . ext . isolated shoreline / beowulf's longship moving -- day 83 beowulf 's ship move along the shore , grimur scan the rock . as beowulf look out over the open water ... grimur there . beowulf turn to see ... .--. grimur point to a break in the rock . the helmsman lean against the rudder and the boat turn toward it . ext . grendel' cave -- day 84 grimur lead the crew up over treacherous rock towards ... «.. a entrance in the cliffside . they light up torch , go in . int . grendel' cave -- continuous 85 as they edge into the darkness ... ( continued ) 85 86 87 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 79 . continued : 85 .-. they torch flicker and hiss in the oozy damp . hondscioh take several step forward ... .».. and the ground go out below he . as hondscioh fall ... ... beowulf lunge forward and grab he cloak ... the other behind beowulf grab hold of he to keep he secure . they pull hondscioh back up from the fathomless dark below . hondscioh ( to grimur ) I guess you do not know that be there . grimur I swear - by Christ -- hondscioh let 's leave Christ out of this . hondscioh take a torch and throw it down into the dark . after only a few second it hit rock , and skitter onto damp ground which it briefly illuminate before crackling out . breca ( to beowulf ) not far ... but we will need rope , hook , more torch ... ext . grendel' cave -- moment later 86 as the troop exit the cave ... ..- breca turn back , undoe he pants , and piss across the rock at the entrance . laughter from almost all the geat . beowulf manage a smile , until he gaze meet ... ..- grimur , whose face betray worry at this act . grimur turn and hurry down the rock towards the beach . ext . beach -- moment later 87 as the man near they wait ship ... ..- beowulf , sense something , hang back , but do not turn . ( continued ) 87 88 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 80 . continued : 87 he kneel down , appear to adjust a leather thong on he shoe . abruptly he wheel around to see ... .+--a small feral child - dark and hairy - stare back as though freeze by be see . they gaze hold several beat , before the child slip from sight behind boulder . beowulf glance back towards he company ... all of whom be oblivious to the sighting . beowulf turn back to the rock ... .-- catch he breath , gaze scan over the forbid scape . ext . danish shoreline / beowulf's longship moving -- day 88 the man be buoyant - again , all but beowulf and grimur at the rear of the boat , who scan the shore . thorkel -.. so they come to the cave of the killer / but find it fle , they weapon 's work / undone by dark and the slime of slope . / hondscioh nearly fall to valhalla -- hondscioh let 's uh ... let this sad tale sleep . breca hondscioh show up - great odin and the other ask how he die , and hondscioh go - I uh ... fall ? roar of laughter from the group . hondscioh eye thorkel . hondscioh you better find a better line . as breca , at the boat 's bow , lean back , pull hard on he oar ... .--- a huge creature hand rise out of the water , bronze arm - ring flash in the light , grab breca by the hair , and start yanking he over . his oar slam into the other in front of he , alert the man . thorfinn , beside he , snatch hold of he leg . ( continued ) 88 89 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 81 . continued : 88 the tug be strong , and breca 's head dip below the surface . as beowulf rush the length of the boat ... ..- hondscioh , nearer breca , grab a oar , and ram it repeatedly down into the water below breca . the creature - hit - loosen its grip , and shift under the boat , a mass of long , tangle head -hair trail ... till it disappear below . the man haul the unconscious breca back onto the ship ... ...to find bleed gouge in he shoulder and a tear in he scalp . beowulf , spear in hand , stare down into the water , ready to strike ... .-- but there 's nothing more to be see . int . mead hall -- night 89 as the geat be bedding down ... ..- breca - bandage and grin - sit before the fire . breca even the troll want my beautiful hair . thorfinn I think he want you for more than that . laughter . hondscioh great breca , the troll-house pisser ! I would be more careful where I wave my spear . breca I would piss in he mouth if he dare to show it . beowulf best be ready to do more than that . the mood shift , all eye turn to beowulf . 90 o1 92 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 82. ext . danish village / mead hall porch -- night 90 beowulf sit just outside the door , wait , listen to the sound of the night -- wind , old song , the sea , laughter ... his eyelid grow heavy . he drift off ... ... into a vision : of the feral boy stand before he . the child hand he a huge sword , which beowulf take . the boy then open he shirt , expose he tiny chest . he look from the sword to beowulf and nod : go on . beowulf - heavy - eye - watch he a beat , blink , jolt awake to ... ext . danish village / mead hall porch -- day 91 «-- the glare of daylight . Silent villager surround he , puzzle over the tableau : further down the step lie the corpse of grimur , he head still on , but twisted backwards . on : beowulf , as the shock settles in . ext . danish shoreline / harbour -- day 92 beowulf and he warrior be load they weapon , as well as rope , pole and iron hook , onto the ship . unferth ride up on a horse . beowulf consider he coolly . beowulf seem grendel do not mind kill Christians ... so long as they be dane . unferth can another sword help ? beowulf study he a beat . walk up to he side . beowulf hrothgar 's tell I about you and troll . ( off unferth 's embarrassment ) you back I up , you back I up . fall away on I , I will kill you myself . ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 83 . continued : 92 unferth stare steady at beowulf , then nod . beowulf nod back . omitted 93 int . grendel' cave -- day 94 with throw - down torch lighting they from below ... ..- the warrior descend by rope into the cavern ... int . grendel' cave -- moment later 95 the apprehensive warrior , armed with sword , shield , spear , edge through the damp , stinking place ... Animal and fish carcass be scattered about . each drip of water make someone turn ... some simple tool ... a pile of wood and a fire-pit ... but , as the torch reach the corner of the cave ... no grendel . beowulf slump back against a wall , sigh - relief and frustration tangle in a mess in he head . hondscioh come upon a small alcove , and discover within it ... close on : the desiccate head of grendel 's father . hondscioh stare in a mix of horror and wonder , then take it up by the long braid hair , hold it out before the other to see ... hondscioh look ! we friend grendel do not come from mist and shit alone . as the warrior all watch , fascinate ... .-- hondscioh throw the huge head into the air , then - as it fall - he smashes it through with one great swing of he axe . eye wild , he then smashes the section into even smaller piece . he stop , catch he breath . ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 84 . continued : 95 hondscioh ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) I curse you and all you kin . he look up and find beowulf 's troubled gaze . there 's something terrible in what he 's do - and they be both terribly aware . ext . grendel' cave -- day 96 the man finish pile dry grass and stick around a great hunk of driftwood in the cave entrance . unferth move forward torch in hand . unferth ( fanatical ) for all who have die by the demon 's hand ! beowulf trade a glance with breca : who be this madman ?... ..- after which unferth throw the torch upon the pile . the man watch the fire rise quickly up around the wood ... the smoke twist down into the cave . ext . danish shoreline / beowulf's longship moving -- day 97 the ship move along ... half the man row ... the other scan the water , spear in hand ready to strike at anything . ext . selma' hut -- day 98 selma be chopping firewood as ... . -- beowulf ride up and dismount . his aspect be grim . selma struggle to mask she apprehension . selma so ... be it do ? beowulf he be not in he cave . ( beat / a demand ) how do he die ? selma give a ambiguous shrug , keep chopping wood . ( continued ) 98 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 85 . continued : 98 beowulf move toward she , and she wheel , the axe raise and ready to throw . beowulf stop . selma unless you tooth can catch a axe ... beowulf soften he manner . beowulf I lead my man into this ... not know . if I would know , I would have come alone . I see doom hang over some of they now . doom I bring . selma consider he concern , lower the axe . selma you find the cave . ( beat / hesitant ) that 's where I see he ... die . beowulf and he be not there . selma would you sit in you cave and wait for killer who know the path to you door ? a silence . beowulf slump back against a fish-dry rack . beowulf what do you know of Christians ? the question catch she off-guard . she consider a moment . selma they be look for a father . beowulf what 's wrong with odin ? selma odin get drunk . wreck the house . beowulf nod . as she put down the axe , and reach for wood ... .-..- beowulf lunge forward and grab she by the arm . ( continued ) 98 99 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 beowulf take I to grendel . selma what ? - y'think I can sniff he down ? beowulf maybe not , but he can sniff you . beowulf steer she over to he horse , grab a rope and bind she arm to she side . selma give minimal resistance , seem more bored than anything with the exercise . beowulf lift she onto she own horse , grab its rein , mount he horse , and lead they off down the trail . ext . rockface -- day 99 beowulf and selma arrive at the rockface up which grendel previously lurk . beowulf dismount , turn to the rockface . beowulf what 's the way up from here ? selma straight ... but you would need claw . beowulf look at she darkly , circle . selma give he a ever-so- faintly - contemptuous look . selma then again , heroes -- he turn on she , volatile , barely in control . she almost snarl : selma you hit I , I will be the one -- she stop herself , but beowulf 's hear enough to wonder . beowulf one to what ? selma look away . beowulf take out he knife . he look like he could do anything with it . for the first time she look unsure . but he pull she around and cut the lash from she wrist . ( continued ) 99 100 101 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 87. continued : 99 selma I can not stop he death from come ... nor can I hurry it . beowulf he need to know ... I know he be wronge . but if he come to we again , there 's nothing I -- selma ( ironic ) you be warning he . beowulf study she a beat , then remount he horse . beowulf careful which side you end up on . you be a long way from the village . selma you be a longer way from home . beowulf eye she a beat , then turn and ride off . int . grendel' cave -- day 100 through the smoky cave , grendel come staggering , cough , squinting through the sting haze ... he drop to he knee , continue along ... finally he extend hand come upon the now -empty alcove . he twist about , hand then desperately search the nearby ground . one hand clutches something , bring it up into he sight ... close on : one half of the facial portion of he father 's skull . grendel gasp , bring the piece to he face , sniff it , and he eye go hard . he emit a long howl - a eerie mix of sorrow and rage . ext . shoreline / grendel' cave -- dusk 101 grendel , eye wet , sit and keens , bang two rock against each other in a hypnotic rhythm ... he hand bloody in the process . ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 88 . continued : 101 he come to the end of he song , and he hand drop wearily to he side . he heave the bloody rock into the sea ... .-.. wipe the blood from he hand across he face - in warrior - mask ... ... then turn and fix for a last time on the set sun . int . mead hall -- night 102 with hondscioh asleep on the next bench over ... ..- beowulf lie on he , tired eye on the rafter , edging to sleep . ext . danish village / perimeter -- night 103 the silence of the night . pan down : the outer stone perimeter ... to a guard impale on a wooden spike . and grendel continue through the boulder , , the blood cake heavy on he face , he eye wide , almost trance - like . int . mead hall -- continuous 104 a long silence ... then the very faint sound of breathing on the other side of the door . the oak door begin to creak ... with a awesome and steady pressure . as the door bend in ... . -- beowulf twist toward they . there 's resignation on he face : he fate shall now come . he take he battle breath . beowulf wake up , man , or never again ! there 's the sudden crack of split wood , and the door ' secure beam snap apart . the warrior leap up , take hold of weapon . the door fly open and grendel - silhouett - charge in . beowulf , no weapon in hand , rush toward he ... ..- but grendel , as quickly , shift into the darkness . ( continued ) 104 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 89 . continued : 104 as beowulf turn frantically about , fearful for he man , search out the form through the confusion of they scramble for they weapon ... ... grendel shift past he , snatch up the still - blink thorkel - sniff he - not what grendel be look for . grendel fling he to one side ... ... reach and snatch up the next one - hondscioh . as hondscioh struggle to get he sword in play , grendel pull hondscioh 's other hand to he face , sniff he once to make sure ... grendel ( soft / in old norse / icelandic ) for my father . ... then deftly snap he neck . on : beowulf turn just in time to see ... and he horror give way to fury . as beowulf charge towards he ... ..- grendel twist around and throw hondscioh 's corpse at he , knock he down . as beowulf struggle out from the grim embrace of he dead friend ... ..- grendel reach for breca , but a sword swing down and slashes grendel across the upper arm . grendel , seethe , turn to find ... ..- unferth there , bring back he sword for another swing . unferth by Christ , demon , you shall die ! but before he can swing he sword ... ... grendel backhand he , send he fly against the outer wall . grendel reach again for breca ... but he arm be waylaid ... close on : a fierce handgrip upon he wrist . ( continued ) oe of * * 104 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 104 he turn and see the wild - eye gaze of beowulf ... as beowulf 's other hand grab grendel by the hair and tug back he neck . a spear , throw by a geat , slam against grendel 's chest but bounce off . beowulf , tug grendel into the torchlight , only then see ... .-+- the iron-mail - shirt bind grendel 's torso . grendel stare into beowulf 's face . they be freeze for a moment ... ... there 's almost sadness - wonder - in they look ... +..then grendel throw back he arm - beowulf still attach - and the two tumble back against the wall . they wrestle across the floor , tumble over bench , through table ... ... the other geat warrior circle , weapon raise to strike . but the target be impossible to fix on ... the two figure - grendel and beowulf - twist about as one . finally grendel smashes beowulf against the wall , and get free of one of beowulf 's hand . he turn toward the door , meaning to escape , but find ... ---.a massive fishing net drop across the exit , and , between it and he , a cluster of strong and determine geat stand with spear and shield levell at he ... --- but , worse than that , beowulf be still hold on . grendel smack beowulf again against the wall , force beowulf 's grip to loosen . grendel tug free ... --.and scramble up the wall like a monkey to the second floor . beowulf , with blood gush from he face , run up the stair after he . grendel , find the upper balcony door bolt , smashes at it till it start to give way . but then beowulf be once again upon he . ( continued ) 104 105 106 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 91 . continued : ( 3 ) 104 with one hand grendel smashes at the door , the other struggle to throw off beowulf . grendel charge the door with he shoulder , and it give way , bring they out into ... ext . mead hall balcony -- continuous 105 «-- the night . as grendel , drag beowulf , struggle to the railing ... ... beowulf frees one of he hand long enough to snatch hold of a hang rope , which he then deftly knot about the wrist of grendel 's already - gouge - and-bleed arm . grendel swing wildly back with he other arm , but beowulf avoid it ... though he let go he grip . grendel snarl , then vault over the railing ... ..- but drop only a few foot before the rope snap taut , he full weight wrenching down on the shoulder joint . a sicken pop as the arm dislocate from the socket . he screech pain ... on : beowulf wince at the scream ... * close on : the shoulder muscle , already cut , continue to shift and tear from the strain ... .--- and he twist in the air , suspend several foot above the ground . beowulf bring up a spear , be try to line it up for a * death - throw ... * ..- but grendel continue to twist too wildly . * ext . danish village / mead hall -- continuous 106 as the geat warrior spill out through the doorway , they be just as quickly mesmerize ... ..- by grendel twist above they . several warrior hurl they spear up at he . one or two ricochet off he mailshirt , one lodge in he hip . grendel wrench the spear out of he flesh , in turn , * fix on ... * ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 110 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 92 . continued : 106 . -- beowulf , lean wounded on the balcony , tear gaze fix on grendel . grendel manage something most resembling a shrug , then fiercely jam the spear point back in - this time , at the muscle and sinew of he distend shoulder . the spear- gouge do its work : the flesh finally shred , the arm tear off from the shoulder ... ..- and grendel drop in a heap to the ground . the warrior freeze , stare . grendel struggle to he foot , turn on they - screech - then , with he other hand clasped across the pour wound , charge through the stand warrior - bowl several over - and continue off into the darkness ... ..- that leave stand too mesmerize to pursue he . ext . mead hall balcony -- moment later 107 beowulf , also bleed profusely , undoe the rope ... ext . danish village / mead hall -- continuous 108 --- and the gory trophy of the arm drop to the ground . the warrior edge up to it , in awe . ext . wild -- night 109 grendel stagger / weave on through the night , weaken with blood - loss , he breath come in gasp ... the roar of the sea rise . ext . beach -- continuous 110 grendel come through rock , out onto the pebble beach . he stagger forward , tumble to he knee , rise ... stagger several blind step more ... until he foot reach the water , and only then do he let he leg come to rest . he 's almost fall as he stand , blood drain into the water . he stare up into the starry sky - know it 's the last time - blink , desperately struggle to focus . a kind of wonder sweep over he , relief , a sad smile ... ( continued ) 110 111 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 93 . continued : 110 ..- he shudder , eye close , bloody hand drop to he side , and he fall into the surf ... ---his body limp , cradle by the wave . something then shift through the water to one side of he . another arm - much like he - break the surface , reach up , take hold of grendel 's shoulder , and pull he down below the water . ext . danish village / mead hall -- day 111 as a couple of warrior carry hondscioh 's body out ... * ... beowulf , surround by breca and several other geat , * watch from they horse . hrothgar approach , eye hondscioh 's corpse . * hrothgar now you truly know we loss . beowulf edge out of hearing of the other . beowulf you only give we half the tale . hrothgar the other half would dull you sword . beowulf dismount , eye hrothgar evenly . * beowulf that troll do not give a shit about we , not until we wronge he . he kill one . he could have kill more . he kill the one he hold in blame . * hrothgar meet beowulf 's look , sigh , let the door open . * hrothgar be it so easy ... I would have be * the one . * ( off beowulf 's look ) * I kill he father . * ( beat ) * ( more ) ( continued ) 111 112 113 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 94 . continued : 111 hrothgar ( cont 'd ) and even that might have be a end ... have it just be the father there ... dissolve to : ext . shoreline / cliff [ flashback ] -- dusk 112 [ the same cliff from the open sequence . ] hrothgar raise up he battle - mask , hold up he torch , peer down into the rock ... and see ... close on : the face of the tiny troll - child - grendel - shudder with fear , stare up . hrothgar 's breath catch in he throat . he stare a moment more ... ... then he heave he torch off the cliff , as far out in the sea as he can ... dissolve to : ext . mead hall -- day 113 hrothgar 's expression echoe that of the memory : one of puzzlement ... but now deeppen with guilt and regret . hrothgar none of the other see the child . ( beat / shrug ) I could have quelle it there and then ... but weakness stop my spear . beowulf or kindness . hrothgar then it 's the hardest kindness I know . hrothgar reach under he shirt and bring out a Christian erucifix and he thor-hammer pendant - each on its own silver chain . consider they both . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) and now all god run from I as though I be the death itself . hrothgar turn and walk toward the mead hall entrance , beowulf follow . ( continued ) 113 114 115 116 117 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 95 . continued : 113 beowulf so what have the father do ? why do you kill he ? hrothgar continue toward the hall , brood on the question . he stop in the shadow of the doorway , struggle . and then he continue in ... omitted 114 int . mead hall -- continuous 115 on : hrothgar and he weary mind . hrothgar he cross we path . the pathetic pettiness of hrothgar 's answer sweep over he before he speak it : hrothgar ( cont 'd ) he take a fish . hrothgar look to beowulf , then gaze up to the central rafter ... .--.onto which several dane be mount grendel 's arm : roping it up then drive spike through it to hold it to the beam . beowulf we will follow the blood trail . make sure it 's do . hrothgar nod ... and beowulf withdraw . ext . wild -- day 116 beowulf and he warrior follow the blood-trail ... ext . beach -- day 117 +-+.to the cove in the rock traverse by grendel . close on : the twist blood - trail through the sand and stone , end at the hide - tide line . beowulf and breca stand together , thorfinn just back of they , other nearby . ( continued ) 117 118 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 96 . continued : breca without a arm ... thorfinn unless it grow back . ( off beowulf 's look ) he 's a troll . beowulf muster all the patience he can . beowulf tell I , thorfinn . what 's a troll ? thorfinn shrug . thorfinn I have just always like to put my foot on a kill . make sure it be not still move . ( off they look ) they say there be lizard that grow back limb . they say there be worm that grow back head . beowulf this be no more worm than you or I . thorfinn ( shrug ) I would fight with one arm . on : beowulf 's ambivalent look . 117 he gaze down into the water - which offer no certainty of anything . int . mead hall -- day 118 close on : grendel 's great [ and gory ] arm nail to the end rafter . on : beowulf look up at the arm , aeschere beside he aeschere ( discreet ) I do not know if that 's the thing . ( off beowulf 's look ) to nail it up . ( beat ) no good come from gloat . beowulf nod , shrug . ( continued ) 118 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 97 . continued : 118 wide / reveal : the hall full of dane and geat , drink and feast in celebration ... ... and , beside beowulf , a pile of gift : a great gold banner , a glimmer mail - shirt , a ornate sword ... it 's a raucous party , a vent for the fear that 's hang over this people , a loud celebration of the relief they now feel . with : a half - drunk unferth lean in to Brendan who - though also tipsy - be tiring of unferth 's confession . unferth I have put my thing in other men' wife , other man 's daughter ... brendan it all can be forgiven . unferth I sleep with a witch - that 's gotta be bad ... brendan ( throw ) you sleep with a witch ? unferth put my thing in she . that be a while back -- brendan so long as you vow to change you way . unferth oh , y'know I will try , right , but ... Brendan sigh . with : beowulf stand with a slightly - drunk hrothgar and a sober wealhtheow . hrothgar this gift will not bring you back you friend , but they might show he family we endless thanks . beowulf they would welcome that tale be tell of he here . that beer be raise -- ( continued ) * 118 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 wealhtheow ( load ) his name will hold fast . this land 's see a fear far worse than hun or hathobard . we have piss we bed , bury we child . we boy dread grow . we man be walk ghost . ( beat ) we can never thank you enough . wealhtheow kiss beowulf firmly on the mouth . beowulf awkwardly accept the gesture . wealhtheow turn and continue away . beowulf look to hrothgar , who give a shrug . hrothgar most woman would have let I sink . brendan odin as well . beowulf turn , see Brendan several foot back . beowulf eye he hard . beowulf I can not say how thing go in the South , but in the North , creep up can earn you you death . brendan I take this for a feast of friend . beowulf then do not scoff at god that welcome yours . Brendan , perturb , faintly bow to hrothgar , withdraw . hrothgar go easy , he 's harmless . hrothgar grab a jug and fill up both they cup . hrothgar to the end of gloom ! beowulf force a smile , join hrothgar in a gulp . with : breca and thorfinn stare up at the arm . ( continued ) 118 beowulf continued : & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 99 . ( 3 ) 118 breca where 's the arm-re ? I want that arm-re . thorfinn he do not have a arm-re . breca sure he do . listen , the fucker near snap my neck . figure the least thing I would get would be the arm-re . thorfinn smell like he it 's all yours . with : beowulf and hrothgar , hrothgar determine to enjoy himself . hrothgar I do not think I be the worst king ... beowulf not at all -- hrothgar -.- when I think of the other . Martin longsword the saxon have a long sword but no brain . half he kin run to angle-land . six-tooth Peter of the slavs can not keep he warrior from fight each other . ( beat / smile ) then ... yeah ... then there 's sig ! beowulf sig ? hrothgar sig skullsplitter of the hathobard . you do not know sig ? you have not hear of sig ?! beowulf something ... I do not know ... with sheep ? hrothgar good God , man ! sheep be just the tip of it . they say he try a dead walrus once ... he 's try horse ... he 's try goat . ( more ) ( continued ) 118 119 120 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 100 . continued : ( 4 ) 118 hrothgar ( cont 'd ) ( edging hysterical ) they say he try it once with a rabbit ... and get stick -- beowulf stuck ?! hrothgar yeah ! so when he come to fight , it 's on six leg ... and you want to see fast ?! hrothgar roar with laughter , beowulf laugh as well . tear start stream from hrothgar 's eye . hrothgar ( between laugh ) I tell you ... I tell you ... if he ever come here again , I will send out a batch of squirrel ! that will slow he ...! more hysterical laughter and tear ... and gradually the mask of humour fall ... and hrothgar be reduce to tearful gasp ... the fear climb back into he eye . beowulf pat he shoulder . beowulf it 's over now . the troll 's dead . wealhtheow come up , see hrothgar 's state . wealhtheow dear , come on . lie down a bit . there will be many night now to drink . she trade a look with beowulf , and steer hrothgar away . beowulf look over the gather , smile ... but it 's weary and bittersweet . ext . danish village / mead hall -- day 119 beowulf , with a few drink in he , emerge from the smoky hall and suck in the fresher air . he look around , lose ... and a little drunk . ext . selma' hut -- evening 120 beowulf ride into the clear . ( continued ) beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 101 . 120 continued : 120 selma , at she firepit , take up a stick and stir up the ember . beowulf dismount . approach the fire . she glance at he - completely neutral - then back to the fire . beowulf ( after a beat ) so ... be this more or less as you see it ? with grendel ? selma ( shrug ) I see you more bloody . beowulf I be sorry . luck stand at my side . selma luck can be a whore too . ( beat ) so ... be not you miss the meal ? beowulf guess I be miss my best friend more . selma hondscioh . ( off he nod ) and one geat life 's worth - what ? - two dane ...? Three swede ...? ten troll ? ( off beowulf 's stare ) hondscioh 's life have worth to you , since you know he . other know other . a long beat . a realization come to beowulf . beowulf you mourn the troll . selma I know he . as she stir she fire ... dissolve to : 121 122 123 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 102. ext . wild / lava field -- day 121 pan across : a huge lava field , the form eerily suggest hundred of figure freeze in the light ... selma we would all hear tale when we be kid ... later , we learn that most be tell to keep we out of stream in the spring ... or clear of iceberg when they be calve . the wild be harsh , you could wander lose for day ... so they tell we troll live there ... ( beat ) ... but they do . a shape in the middle distance abruptly turn , rise : it 's grendel . int . selma' hut [ flashback ] -- night 122 selma - half - a- dozen year young - lie in bed , edging to sleep . only the sound of the wind and the sea ... then the creak of she door edging open . selma turn , see ... ..- grendel slowly fill the doorway , enter the hut , sniff around , eye she . selma one night grendel find my hut . grendel cross the room , huge , hulk ... and muttering a low apology . selma , petrify , close she eye , mutter prayer , curl up beneath she blanket . grendel reach out and pull back the blanket , pull selma up by the hip ... CUT to : ext . selma' hut / firepit -- evening [ continuous ] 123 beowulf stare down into the ember ... selma stir they with a stick . she throw on more peat , and as the smoke rise ... CUT to : 124 125 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 103. int . selma' hut [ flashback ] -- night 124 grendel be methodically thrust into selma from behind . she be cry quietly , gasp , she eye wide in confusion ... grendel climax with little apparent emotion - just a few breath heavier than previously - then he place selma back on she bed , face - down , and pull the blanket back up over she . selma remain where she be , in shock ... but no longer cry , only softly panting from the effort , and the fear as it ebb away ... she eye wide ... .--- and , as grendel 's breathe also soften , there come the creaking step of he exit ... «.- the door open ... sound of the wind and sea ... CUT to : ext . selma' hut / firepit -- evening [ continuous ] 125 selma be place stick on the fire . she glance up at beowulf . selma thing be , he never take I again . beowulf then why do he keep come ? selma keep the dane away . the one who would fuck I then cut my throat . beowulf show I they . selma they be mostly go now . beowulf ( dismissive ) everywhere there 's wretch ... no more here than -- selma yes . some of hrothgar 's best . ( continued ) 125 126 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 104 . continued : 125 beowulf see she now in profile , she eye wet , she skin shimmer in the flicker of fire-light . her beauty . he edge up to she . she turn , study he , then backhand he hard in the face . he stagger back a step , more stunne than offended . beowulf where do that have its birth ? selma you think you can tie I up and drag I like a dog . ( beat ) do not forget . I know how you die . beowulf be jolted . almost as much as when she rise up to he and kiss he - hard . they tentatively reach for each other . she abruptly pull he to she , drive she face along the side of he throat , feel he hair against she cheek . he kiss she face and she swing she mouth to he - kiss he hungrily . as they hand explore each other 's body ... selma work she way across he chest - the first time she 's have this control in year - if ever at all . beowulf ( wry ) be a while ? selma with man ... yeah . beowulf get it like the slap . she laugh . she steer he back onto a bench , then raise she skirt and straddle he lap . he kiss back - finally get the picture - and they tear into each other ... fiercely , rather like animal . ext . danish village / perimeter -- night 126 all seem quiet but for ... ( continued ) 126 127 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 105 . continued : 126 --.in the middle distance , a couple of guard , who be slightly drunk , jovial , relieved finally after all this time ... in the foreground , Brendan shuffles along , loose with drink ... brendan I be tellnya , Christ , y'thought the celt be work ... but this - it 's one hand on they sword , the other on they dick ... which hand they will use to cross themselves , I almost fear to ask ... he look up from the ground just as ... --- a huge hand sweep out from the dark at he ... .--- and slap he face ... snapping he neck . he spin a step or so in a deadman 's dance - then collapse to the ground . and a great shape move over he . int . mead hall -- continuous 127 the oak door edge open , and a [ two - armed ] troll edge in . close on : the shadow face as it sniff . fierce black eye scan . as the troll move into the light from the fire - pit ember , she breast be discernible beneath she hide - shift , as be she wild and grizzle mane : it 's grendel 's mother - the sea -hag . she 's the same genesis as grendel , slightly smaller - but with great vengeance . bronze snake arm-ring encircle she powerful forearm . she edge between the sleep warrior , more cautious than she son , till she eye alight on ... -.-- grendel 's arm nail to the rafter . grief be quickly overwhelm by fury . she tear the arm down off its spike . as she turn ... ... the warrior nearest to she stir and look up . she grab he by the throat , shriek , and throw he into the fire-pit . a second warrior rise . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 131 132 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 106 . continued : 127 she swing she son 's arm , clubbing the man to death . as the warrior now struggle out of sleep , she stride purposely for the door , she son 's arm clutch under she own . as she near the door , aeschere step in front of she , sword draw , block she path . aeschere learn from you child , hag ! he swing he sword with all the strength he can muster ... ..- but she block it with she son 's arm , the blade lodging in the flesh . she snatch hold of aeschere , and pull he to she in a lethal hug ... the SOUND of he bone snapping as she do ... ext . danish village / mead hall -- continuous 128 ls : of the sea-hag lurching out of the hall , one arm carry grendel 's arm , the other drag a corpse by the hair . as she disappear into the dark ... reveal the Pov : as that of the feral child , hide in nearby rock . he pull back and scurries away ... +-- as wail and commotion rise from the hall . int . selma' hut -- night 129 selma jerk up to sit in she bed ... ..- find the feral boy stand over she , fear on he face ... ..- while beowulf sleep on , beside selma . selma hurriedly dress . omitted 130 omitted 131 int . mead hall -- night 132 a wild - eye hrothgar , barefoot , in he nightclothes , be move through the mess of furniture and body . ( continued ) 132 133 134 135 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 107 . continued : 132 hrothgar aeschere ! aeschere ! hrothgar 's roam gaze fix on ... -.- a arm protrude from a shadow corner , the hand clench to a splendid sword . hrothgar recognize it immediately . he bend , reach for the arm ... --- and that be entirely what he get : aeschere 's arm tear from its socket ... and no body in sight . hrothgar gasp horror , drop the arm , and stagger back , he eye glaze in shock . omitted 133 omitted 134 ext . selma' hut -- night 135 a cluster of geat horseman wait while ... .-- beowulf strap on he gear , breca beside he . beowulf ( to breca ) we lose anymore ? breca shake he head , then indicate unferth . breca but they do . unferth stride about the clear , torch in hand , fiercely stare into the dark . he turn to the hut and start set it afire . as the fire rise , beowulf and breca share a weary look , roll they eye . unferth vigorously swing the torch in the sign of the cross . unferth ( incense ) by the holy word of Christ , never again shall evil dwell here ! by the holy word of Christ , never again shall evil dwell here ! ( continued ) 135 136 137 138 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 108 . continued : 135 beowulf mount he horse . breca ( low to beowulf ) that what we get to look forward to ? beowulf maybe he will go south . and the two man lead the other away . ext . wild -- day 136 across the brutal landscape ... ..-- beowulf , unferth , and the band of geat warrior follow the blood -trail on horseback ... ext . shoreline / cove -- day 137 the warrior come down to the beach on which they previously find the bloody sign of grendel 's death - throes . this time they come upon ... «+ -a blood -cake head , propped on a stick . breca ride up , look it over , turn back to beowulf . breca it 's aeschere . unferth bolt forth on he horse , dismount hurriedly , draw he sword and wave it at the beach . unferth aeschere ! we will right this wrong ! God will burn this devil - bitch -fiend ! breca eye beowulf who ever-so-slightly roll he eye . beowulf 's scan gaze find ... ... the entrance to a cave which open on the ocean . int . oceanside cave -- day 138 the troop move through the damp cave through which a water - fill crevice run , search but find no evidence of grendel or the hag . ( continued ) 138 139 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 109 . continued : 138 breca nothing life here . they be about to leave , when beowulf fix on ... ..- where the crevice meet the sloping ceiling of the cave . he bend low , peer along the water 's edge . he climb down into the water . breca ( cont 'd ) beowulf ? beowulf cave do not end here . there 's outflow ... ( indicate the cave - wall ) +.. from the other side . breca I will go . beowulf shake he head . beowulf you can not swim for shit . they trade a smile . beowulf take a deep breath , and descend into the water . ext . underwater / channel -- continuous 139 beowulf make he way along the murky channel , the ceiling at most a foot above the water , in many spot entirely submerge ... '' -- the only light filter up through the water from the cave . a wash of water smack he against the rock . he gulp water - choke - gasp for air . cling to a outcrop , he regains he breath . continue on . the ceiling now descend a foot into the water . but - through the murk - he can make out some form of bluish light bleed through the water from beyond the next rock . he steel himself , take the deep breath he can , then dive down into the water , leg furiously kick ... 140 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 110. int . sea - hag' ice - cave -- continuous 140 beowulf burst up out of the water ... ... into a ice -cave , through one wall of which the outside light faintly glow . cautiously he edge out of the water , onto the sand . against one wall be a pile of treasure , gild weapon , shield , and the skeleton head of human ... he continue on into the semi-dark of a rock passage and almost stumble over ... ... grendel 's corpse . the arm -socket wound have be seal with pitch ... but too late for grendel . blood saturate the sand . a few foot away lie the great tear - off arm . beowulf turn the head by its hair , peer into the face ... ... when a shriek come from behind . he wheel ... .-- and the sea-hag be upon he . she wildly claw at he with one hand , while try to stab he with the knife she hold in the other . beowulf break free of she , swing with he sword , but it hardly cut through the walrus-hide . she strike out and she fingernails tear across he rib . he fall into the water , and she leap upon he . they wrestle , twist under the surface ... ... then rise , beowulf have slip behind she and take hold of she hand ... she lurch backwards , smash he against the rock ... as he grip loosen , she swing he partway in front of she , slashes down one arm with she knife ... and he blood pour from the wound ... beowulf stumble clear of the sea-hag , eye ... +--a giant 's sword in the treasure pile , of which he take hold . ( continued ) 140 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 111 . continued : 140 the sea-hag rush toward he ... .-.- and he only have time to swing the blade upward ... ... slash across she neck and face . she screech pain , twist about , eye go blind , and collapse into the water ... ..- blood gush from she and stain the water .. +-+- as beowulf collapse in the sand . beowulf trudge back to grendel 's corpse , stand over it ... ..- when he hear a sound - a live gasp - from behind he . he wheel around ... ... but the sea-hag lie where she be , half she body in the water , the other half in the sand . beowulf leave grendel , edge past the fire - pit toward the darker recess of the cave . edging around a rock , he see ... «.. the glimmer of a blade , and raise he own , prepare to strike . as he move another step forward , he 's confront by ... close on : the feral boy , hide in the rock , hold a dagger out at beowulf , terror in he tear-ridden eye ... ..- but the boy then charge wildly , slashing with he dagger . beowulf shift clear of the charge ... --- and the child continue over to the body of grendel , where he wheel around , squat down , dagger extend , protect the corpse . beowulf study he a beat , beowulf 's sword still raise . beowulf you father . it 's unclear if it 's a challenge or only confirmation . the child , sense it 's the former , swallow , then defiantly nod , prepare to be attack . beowulf , eye still frenzied , blink through the blood on he face . shake the dizziness from he head . ( continued ) 140 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 112 . continued : ( 2 ) 140 wipe the blood from he eye with he arm ... and now clearly see the child 's fear . he stare dully a long beat ... he mind twist around on itself . finally he soften , sigh , let he sword drop to he side . beowulf ( cont 'd ) then you can be proud . the two study each other a beat ... ... then beowulf turn , start back toward the water . a gasp to one side of beowulf . he twist around to find ... ... the sea-hag , eye blood - blind , trudging slowly toward he . he raise he sword , point hold outward . the sea-hag slow to a teeter stop several foot from he . her bloody hand vaguely explore the air before she . beowulf 's expression soften ... --- and , in that moment , one of she hand snap out , and grab hold of the extend blade . beowulf , transfix , hold he ground . the sea-hag then - incrementally - edge forward till the blade - point touch she abdomen . she let out a painful breath . and then , tooth clench , she edge forward again . she let out a gasp as the sword penetrate she skin . her head fall back , the wild hair shifting off she face , revealing feature of fierce beauty . beowulf - overwhelm and transfix - let go of the sword , and shift out of the way . the sea-hag continue forward . finally , the sword-hilt meet the wall of the cave . she feel the resistance ... ..- drag in a breath ... ... then push forward , the sword move through she , and emerge out she back . she sigh , stagger a couple step , then fall back dead , into the water . ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 113 . continued : ( 3 ) 140 on : beowulf , mesmerize . he look over ... ...to grendel 's corpse and find the child be go . beowulf drop to a sit position in the sand , he bloody hand dangle off he bloody knee . ext . oceanside cave -- dusk 141 breca be grimly peer down into the water , through which a shadow of blood now run . ext . beach -- continuous 142 unferth be on he horse ... but the other geat warrior have yet to mount theirs . unferth what do I do - come back for you tomorrow ? ( off they look ) you will never find you way in the dark . but the geat be not budging . unferth shake he head with derision - but remain . unferth ( cont 'd ) as you wish . int . oceanside cave -- continuous 143 breca have build a small cairn of rock on the sand . he ceremoniously drive he sword down into the sand before it . a splash behind he . breca wheel to find ... ..- beowulf 's head break the surface of the water . beowulf gasp air , blink he eye clear , see breca - and smile . breca scramble over and give he a hand up . breca her blood then ? beowulf nod , then he gaze settles on the cairn of stone . beowulf ( superstitious ) what the fuck 's that ? ( continued ) 143 144 145 145 a beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 114 . continued : 143 breca boot over the cairn , pull he sword free . breca just kill time . and the two shuffle out towards the light . ext . trail -- night 144 a subdued procession of torch - light geat continue back to heorot ... ..- beowulf hold aeschere 's severe head in he hand ... .-- another horse carry the headless corpse . omitted 145 * ext . danish village / mead hall -- night 145a * everyone be assemble for the pyre-burn of aeschere . * surround the body be weapon , armour , and other gift . * hrothgar come up beside beowulf . hrothgar valkyry will have they hand * full with that old goat . * beowulf smile , nod . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to have bring you to all this . beowulf we bring ourselves . hrothgar at least now it 's over . beowulf do not contradict he . hrothgar ( cont 'd ) * that celtic priest say I would be forgiven . I just need to hook the right god . ( wry look / beat ) you ever worry on that ? Heaven . ( continued ) 145a 146 147 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 115 . continued : 145a beowulf I be think I will probably go where I be send . hrothgar consider , nod . they share hard - win smile . ext . wild -- day 146 beowulf ride slowly along on horseback , scan the rocky outcrop ... and whistling a break tune . a whistle come back from over a ridge ... beowulf stop , let the silence settle a beat , whistle again ... .--- and , again , the whistle come back . beowulf turn he horse off the trail and start up the ridge . ext . selma' new camp -- day 147 with : beowulf as he climb up through forbid rock ... .+- which open into a small meadow in which he see ... -.- selma , construct a new camp . as he approach , she pay little attention ... a glance , at best . beowulf you could have kill I the other night . selma I know . I be horny . beowulf be once -again blindside by she . he smile , shake he head . selma ( cont 'd ) it 's not I who do it . a chill run through beowulf . he brood a beat . selma ( cont 'd ) anything else you need to know ? ( continued ) 147 148 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 116 . continued : 147 beowulf how you will get along . ( off she look ) I mean without a eight - foot troll to keep the dregs away . ( off she shrug ) you know they will kill you son if they find he . selma savage some wood with she axe . selma you could not . beowulf I be not they . selma no . you just kill he father . ( beat ) hrothgar teach you nothing I guess . beowulf consider this a bit . he move towards she , raise a hand to touch she ... but she move out of reach . she pick up a bucket and stride off across the meadow ... .-- beowulf - tear - watch she go . ext . beach -- day 148 the beach on which grendel die . just above the high - tide line , a bonfire burn . pull back / reveal : beowulf steadying the last few rock on a shoulder- high cairn . he stand back from it , consider it a beat . through the smoke twist around he , he " see " without directly look up ... +.-m Movement in the rock above he to one side . he draw he sword , cut off a braid of hair , and throw it onto the fire . he then drive he sword down into the sand at the base of the cairn . drop to he knee before it . ( continued ) 148 149 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 117 . continued : 148 beowulf sleep , grendel . close on : the feral boy , eye tear , watch the ceremony for he dead father . ext . danish harbour / beowulf's longship moving -- day 149 as beowulf 's longship move out of the harbour ... ..- beowulf stand with breca and thorfinn at the bow look out over the water . thorkel stand at the stern , face the rower , a Christian cross at he throat ... thorkel ..- bear of scum and swampy thing / lurk in he mother 's moss / the mark of cain come to he brow / of evil and a sea-hag bear / grendel , grinder of lose men' bone / felt hate toward the happy dane ... with : breca watch thorkel ... thorfinn cain ... what 's that ? breca man who kill he brother in a Christian tale . thorfinn what 's cain get to do with grendel ? ( off breca 's shrug ) grendel kill he own brother too ? breca no , I think thorkel 's say that grendel 's just like cain - a killer . thorfinn we all be . breca yeah well ... thorfinn thorkel 's tale be shit . ( continued ) 149 beowulf & grendel - 10th dr. - berzins - July 12/04 - 118 . continued : 149 beowulf look across to the shore , and see through the fog ... ... the feral child follow along the rock . beowulf watch as ... ... the child come to the end of the rocky spit . the fog clear enough to reveal , on the rock several foot above he ... ... selma stand , driftwood in hand , also watch they go . close on : she face ... and the ghost of a smile . the fog thicken , mother and child disappear into the land . beowulf blink , he eye now water . he wipe they , look again ... ..- but there 's nothing visible but rock and water . beowulf turn he grim gaze back to the sea . beowulf by odin 's will ... unexpectedly to beowulf , a chorus of voice of the other geat rise in the prayer : unison --- let we find we way home . beowulf look out over the other , all of whom be fix on he . he nod , and turn he gaze ... ++- back out on the sea . fade out . end end end