Jane austen 's Love & friendship - or - the Spirit of jealousy & perversity of malice adapted from she unfinish novella by whit stillman concern the beautiful Lady Susan Vernon , her love and friendship , and the strange antagonism of the decourcy family . partially conform shoot script 22 May 2015 churchill production c/o blinder film 71 Dame Street , Dublin dramatis personae Lady Susan Vernon , a beautiful young widow -- appear not '' more than five & twenty '' Mrs. alicia Johnson , Lady Susan 's good friend Mr. Johnson , alicia 's older husband to whom '' the great word respectable '' apply . Lord manware , a divinely attractive man Lady Lucy manware , he wealthy wife ; formerly Mr. Johnson 's ward miss Maria manware , Lord manware 's eligible young sister miss frederica susanna Vernon , a school girl ; Lady Susan 's daughter Mrs. Catherine Vernon ( nee decourcy ) , Lady Susan 's sister - in- law Mr. reginald decourcy , Catherine 's young & handsome brother Mr. Charles Vernon , she obliging husband & brother of the late Lord Vernon maud , Catherine 's may Wilson , a servant at churchill Sir reginald decourcy , Catherine & reginald 's elderly father Lady . decourcy , they mother Sir James Martin , wealthy young suitor of frederica Vernon & Maria manware , a bit of a '' rattle . '' Mrs. Cross , Lady Susan 's impoverish friend and aide locale langford -- Lord and Lady manware 's estate churchill -- Charles and Catherine Vernon 's estate , in sussex parkland -- the decourcy family seat , in Kent hurst & wilford — inn & coach station near churchill Edward Street , London -- the johnson 's townhouse Upper seymour Street , London -- Lady Susan 's room a note on period the event occur in the latter 1790s . the fashion could either be the attractive traditional one from the first part of the decade or the strike neo-classical '' directoire '' style which come in with the french directory , the transitional regime that mark the ascension of the napoleonic era . Music and a local '' Assembly '' dance sequence have not yet be indicate for this draft . the music of the period be especially brilliant and perhaps could be use similarly to the classical score for '' Barry lyndon . '' a note on tone Rather than romantic austen of the " sense & sensibility " sort , this would be more comic austen somewhat akin to the oscar wilde adaptation — though still with lush location , costume and even some wedding . the protagonist be Lady Susan Vernon , beautiful & charming , the romantic puppet master who seek ( usually successfully ) to manipulate all around she . though not a conventional heroine , play with the right style & charm we hope she might be compelling as well as funny . the period be closer to that of " dangerous liaison " than austen 's later novel . Catherine Vernon describe Lady Susan '' she be really excessively pretty ... I have seldom see so lovely a woman as Lady Susan . she be delicately fair , with fine grey eye & dark eyelash ; & from she appearance one would not suppose she more than five & twenty ... I can not help feel that she possess a uncommon union of symmetry , brilliancy , & Grace . her address to I be so gentle , frank , & even affectionate , that , if I have not know how much she have always dislike I for marrying Mr. Vernon ... I should have imagine she a attach friend ... her countenance be absolutely sweet , & she voice & manner winningly mild . I be sorry it be so , for what be this but deceit ? '' title card : ' November - langford 's ext . panorama , langford Dramatic baroque music . diagonal crane shot of langford , a elegant country residence . livery footman carry trunk to a impressive carriage . reginald ( v.o. ) ( wistfully sententious ) langford , langford ! if only it have not be for langford - how happy we might have be ! the sound of a sob , a fashionable young woman , miss maria manwaring , run into frame head to the house , cry . her elder brother , lord manwaring -- a impressive figure - exit as she enter , pursue by a thin , haggard yet rather young woman -- lady lucy manwaring , he wife . lucy manwaring manware ! manware ! do not turn you back to I ! please ! I can not bear it ! manware approach a stunningly beautiful woman accompany by a drably cloak girl , she face hide in the shadow of she hood . manware and a servant help the two into a carriage . a idiotic young fop , sir jame martin , hurry into frame . sir jame Lady Susan ! frederica ! wait ! I beg you ... as Sir James near the carriage it pull out ; he 's leave in the drive , lace kerchief to face , watch they go . title card : ' churchill 's int . blue room , churchill -- day a footman light candle as a attractive young woman , mrs . catherine vernon write at she desk . charle vernon , she husband , approach as the footman leave . charle ( 0.s. ) Catherine , a letter -- Charles enter with a letter . he be calm and bland ; he sit . charle ( cont 'd ) -- it seem Lady Susan will finally visit ... reginald decourcy , Catherine 's brother , enter in riding clothes as if about to head out for a jaunt . charle ( cont 'd ) in fact she 's already on she way . catherine what ? he give she the letter which she start to read . reginald Lady Susan Vernon ? Catherine nod . reginald ( cont ’d ) congratulation on be about to receive the most accomplish flirt in all England ! charle you misjudge she , reginald . reginald how so ? charle like many woman of beauty and distinction we sister - in - law have be a victim of the spirit of jealousy in we land . catherine it 's jealousy ? charle yes . like anyone , Susan might be capable of a action or remark open to misconstruction but I cannot but admire the fortitude with which she have support grave misfortune . reginald Excuse I -- I speak out of turn . Catherine 's look be that he do not speak out of turn ; dog bark outside ; Charles leave . catherine why would Lady Susan , who be so well settle at langford , suddenly want to visit we ? reginald what reason do she give ? catherine ( read ) her '' anxiety to meet '' I and to '' know the child . " this have never concerned she before . reginald finish pull on he riding glove , a reflective look on he face as if anticipate the meeting . title card : ' Edward Street , London 's int . edward STREET house -- day alicia johnson , a pretty woman of fashion , float down the hall as a doorbell sound . a servant open the front door , revealing lady susan , the beautiful young woman glimpse earlier . alicia hurry she inside . alicia Susan ! come - hurry . susan my dear , such haste ! how curious you be . alicia Mr. Johnson 's carriage be about to come into the street ... susan ( laugh ) surely that must happen often ... alicia you do not receive my letter ? susan letter ? alicia Mr. Johnson forbid my see you . susan preposterous ! how can he '' forbid ? '' alicia by threaten the severest punishment imaginable -- send I back to Connecticut . susan to be tar - and -feathered ? alicia he now claim to have important business at hartford and threaten to settle there if we connection be not entirely severe . susan for what possible reason or pretext ? alicia his former ward , Lucy manware , write to he . susan do she ? alicia slip Lucy manware 's letter from the desk drawer and hand it to Susan as they both sit . susan ( cont 'd ) a horrid woman ! alicia I know . susan derange . if she be go to be jealous she should not have marry such a charming man ! I recall think as I approach langford : ( dramatically ) " I like this man ; pray Heaven no harm come of it ! " I be determine to be discreet and I have be -- admit no one 's attention but manware 's , avoid general flirtation entirely ... except for a little notice bestow on Sir James Martin . but if the world know my motive there it would honor I ! alicia Martin ? susan Sir James Martin , of martindale . vastly rich and rather simple . alicia ideal . susan miss Maria manware have set she cap for he , consider such a income too large not to be share . but with a little notice I detach he and soon have he in love with frederica . if my daughter be not the great simpleton on earth she would be engage to he now ! alicia what ? susan she refuse he ! a baronet with ten thousand a year . it 's all so provoking . alicia but where will you live ? susan be there another place open to I , I would crawl there on my knee : the worst spot this side of the ocean , a country Village : churchill , my brother - in - law 's seat . Mrs. Cross , a gentlewoman in straitened circumstance who will come as my companion -- to pack , unpack , that sort of thing . as there 's a element of friendship involved I be sure the pay of wage would be offensive to we both ... ext . a country road -- day . Lady Susan , beautiful in travel clothes , ride a carriage accompany by she companion , mrs . cross : susan ...- my brother - in-law , Charles Vernon , be very rich . ( more ) susan ( cont 'd ) once a man get he name on a bank House he roll in money -- so it be not very rational for he lady to begrudge the sum he have advanced I . mrs . cross decidedly irrational , not rational at all . susan I have no money -- and no husband -- -- but in one 's plight they say be one 's opportunity . not that I would ever want to think in opportunistic term ... mrs . cross certainly not . never . the coachman turn to they and shout : coachman churchill , come into view , you ladyship . Lady Susan look to the distance . a impressive ancient castle appear from behind the greenery : susan heavens ... what a bore . mrs . cross yes , decidedly boring . ext . churchill -- day crane shot as the carriage pull into the drive before '' churchill , '' as Charles and the young child descend the step to greet they . footmen help the lady from the carriage ; Lady Susan pay particular attention to little Frederick . int . churchill , MAIN hall -— - day the butler , wilson , exasperate , lead a footman across the hall : wilson Mrs. Cross be a friend of Lady Susan and should be in the adjoin room . int . churchill , susan 's room -- day Lady Susan enter as Mrs. Cross unpack she trunk . susan I have no reason to complain of Mr. Vernon 's reception but I be not entirely satisfied with he lady 's . mrs . cross no ? susan she 's perfectly well - breed , surprisingly so , but she manner do not persuade I that she 's dispose in my favour . a sympathetic look of agreement from Mrs. Cross . susan ( cont 'd ) as you might have notice I seek to be as amiable as possible -- mrs . cross exceptionally amiable . in fact entirely charming -- excuse I for say so -- susan not at all -- it 's true . I want she to be delighted with I -- ( disappointed ) -- but I do not succeed . mrs . cross I can not understand it . Susan , thoughtful , recall : susan it 's true I have always detest she . and that , before she marriage , I go to great length to prevent it . yet it show a illiberal spirit to resent for long a plan which do not succeed . mrs . cross decidedly illiberal . not liberal at all ! susan my oppose she marriage -- and later prevent she and Charles from buy Vernon Castle -- might have give she a unfavorable impression . but I have find that , where there 's a disposition to dislike , a pretext will soon be find . mrs . cross you must not reproach yourself -- susan I sha not -- the past be do . my project will be the child . I know a couple of they name already and have decide to attach myself to young Frederick in particular , take he on my lap and sighing over he for he dear uncle 's sake -- a knock on the door . susan ( cont 'd ) come in . Wilson enter . wilson Mrs. Vernon 's compliment , you ladyship . she ask if you and Mrs. Cross would join she for tea ? susan with pleasure -- she exchange a look with Mrs. Cross . susan ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Cross would prefer she repose but thank Mrs. Vernon -- I will join she directly . int . gold room -- day a footman cross out while Catherine check the tea set ; the sound of child come from off -screen . susan ( 0.s. ) yes , Frederick , I see you have quite a appetite : you will grow tall and handsome like you uncle -- and father . little charlotte vernon ( 0.s. ) Frederick , be good ... Catherine smile and approach they . little charlotte vernon ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Frederick , do not touch that ! catherine Frederick , be careful . the off -screen clatter of metal object . catherine ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ! from off , Susan laugh , then enter with a gash of red jam on she dress . susan not at all . such a family resemblance -- it rather move I . catherine you 'il want to change . Susan cover the mark with a napkin and smoothly sit . susan oh no -- let 's have we tea while it 's warm . Mrs. Cross be a genius with fabric . Catherine serve the tea . Susan take she cup . catherine be you sure ? susan oh yes ! how much Frederick remind I of he dear uncle ! catherine you think there 's a resemblance ? susan yes , remarkable -- the eye ... 10 . Catherine consider this : catherine be not Frederick Vernon 's eye brown ? susan ( use she hand ) I refer to the shape and slope of the brow ... catherine oh . susan I must thank you for this visit -- I be afraid the short notice must have come as a surprise . catherine only because I understand you to be so happily settle at langford . susan it 's true -- Lady manware and she husband make I feel welcome . but they sunny disposition lead they often into society . I might have tolerate such a life at one time but the loss of a husband such as Mr. Vernon be not borne easily . to stay with you here , at you charming retirement -- ( she look around ) -- become my fondest wish ... catherine I be glad to have the chance to meet . susan might I confide something ? Catherine nod . susan ( cont 'd ) langford be not ideal for my daughter . her education have be neglect , for which I fault myself -- Mr. Vernon 's illness prevent my pay she the attention both duty and affection require . ( more ) 11 . susan ( cont 'd ) I have therefore place she at the excellent school miss summer keep . catherine I trust frederica will visit soon . susan a visit , as delightful as that might be , would represent so many day and hour deduct from the '' Grand affair of Education . '' and I be afraid frederica can not afford such deduction . catherine but she will come for Christmas -- susan alas , no : miss summer can only give she the concentrate attention she need then . Susan put down she cup and glance at the jam stain . catherine I be so sorry -- susan not at all ! if you 's 1ll excuse I I ' 1ll give it to Mrs. Cross who , once rest , crave activity . she get up . susan ( cont 'd ) once she 's apply she genius to it all trace of little Frederick 's interesting design will disappear ! Susan leave ; Catherine be leave , look pensive . int . lady susan's room , churchill -- day while Mrs. Cross work on the dress stain , Lady Susan read correspondence : susan the fee at frederica 's school be far too high to even think of pay ! so , in a sense , it 's a economy ... 12 . ext . churchill forecourt -- late afternoon reginald arrive at a trot and dismount , he horse hold by a retainer . removing he glove he bound up the front step . int . hallway to gold room , churchill -- late afternoon / early evening Catherine with reginald as he shake off the cold ; servant light candle . reginald .-. I confess to curiosity to know this lady and see first -hand she bewitch power . be she as beautiful as they say ? catherine you worry I , reginald . reginald do not . I understand Lady Susan possess a degree of captivate deceit which might be pleasing to detect . catherine you truly worry I . susan ( 0.s. ) good evening ! Lady Susan and Mrs. Cross enter from the garden or hallway , weather dependent . reginald and Catherine be strike momentarily silent . susan ( cont 'd ) what charming expression ! Catherine recover first : catherine Susan , let I introduce my brother , reginald decourcy . reginald , may I present Frederick Vernon 's widow , Lady Susan , and she friend , Mrs. Cross . after a polite nod to Mrs. Cross , reginald address Susan : 13 . reginald delighted to make you acquaintance : you renown precede you . susan ( long pause ; coolly ) I be afraid the allusion escape I . reginald you reputation as a ornament to we Society ... Susan pause a moment to collect she thought . susan what you say surprise I . since the great sadness of my husband 's death I have live in nearly perfect isolation . to better know he family , and further remove myself from Society , I come to churchill -- not to make new acquaintance of a frivolous sort . but of course I be pleased to know my sister 's relation ... montage with period music -- first , beautiful wide landscape view ; Lady Susan and reginald walk they horse after a ride ; then another time they walk in the garden . and be observe do so : Mrs. Cross pause from attend to Susan 's wardrobe to look down upon they in the garden . int . churchill , susan 's room -- day Susan who return in outdoor clothes pull off she glove . Mrs. Cross -- still pleased to take care of Lady Susan 's room and wardrobe -- warmly greet she . mrs . cross I take it you be find Mr. decourcy 's society more agreeable ? Susan do not disagree -- think ... susan to some degree ... at first he conversation betrayed a sauciness and familiarity which be my aversion -- but since I have find a quality of callow idealism which rather interest I . ( more ) 14 . susan ( cont 'd ) when I have inspire he with a great respect than he sister 's kind office have allow he might in fact be a agreeable flirt . mrs . cross he 's handsome , be not he ? Susan consider . susan yes . in a calf - like way -- not like manware , of course . but there 's a certain pleasure in make a person , pre-determine to dislike , instead acknowledge one 's superiority . how delightful it will be to humble the pride of this pompous decourcy ! card : '' parkland , ancestral estate of the decourcy family '' int . parkland -- day the distinguished Sir reginald decourcy walk through the impressive hall a letter in he hand . int . parkland , morning room -- day Lady decourcy , mother of Catherine and reginald , take tea on the sofa , as Sir reginald enter . sir reginald a letter for you , my dear . lady decourcy a letter ? sir reginald from Catherine . lady decourcy I hope she will arrive soon . Lady decourcy take the letter from he ; she have the sniffles from a cold . lady decourcy ( cont ’d ) the season 's cheerless without the child . have trouble read the letter , she put it aside . 15 . lady decourcy ( cont ’d ) I be afraid this cold have affect my eye . sir reginald save you eye , my dear - I will read for you . lady decourcy no , that 's all right -- sir reginald I insist . Sir reginald start to read a moment to himself , then aloud . sir reginald ( cont ’d ) alright , now let 's see -- ( read & paraphrase ) Catherine hope you be well ... she ask most particularly that you give I she love . he look to she expectantly . lady decourcy yes , and ..? Sir reginald continue read , mumble a bit as he do . sir reginald reginald 's decide to stay at churchill to hunt with Charles . he cite the '' fine open weather ... '' he look out the window . sir reginald ( cont ’d ) what nonsense . the weather 's not open at all ! lady decourcy maybe it be there , or be when she write . ( sweetly ) my dear , could you just read ? sir reginald verbatim ? lady decourcy yes , the word - some of Catherine 's voice will be in they . 16 . sir reginald I will read each word , comma and dash if that 's what you wish . here : " I grow deeply uneasy ( comma ) my dearest mother ( comma ) about reginald ( comma ) from witness the very rapid increase of she influence ( semi-colon ) -- lady decourcy just the word , please . sir reginald no punctuation at all ? all right , much easier : " he and Lady Susan be now on term of the most particular friendship , frequently engage in long conversation together . " Lady Susan ? lady decourcy yes Lady Susan have be visit churchill . sir reginald Lady Susan Vernon ?! lady decourcy yes . sir reginald how could reginald engage in conversation with Lady Susan Vernon ? conversation which be ... '' long . '' what would they talk about ? lady decourcy my eye have definitely clear -- I ' 1ll read it myself . do not trouble yourself ... sir reginald no , no , if my son and heir be involved with such a lady I must trouble myself : ( read ) '' how sincerely do I grieve she ever enter this house ! her power over he be boundless : she have not only entirely efface he former ill - opinion but persuade he to justify she conduct in the most passionate of term ... '' 17 . Sir reginald put down the letter . sir reginald ( cont ’d ) well I must go -- lady decourcy no - I will write -- sir reginald no , no , if this be happen , there 's no time . Sir reginald head off to prepare . ext . hurst & wilford -- day reginald ride on horseback and dismount at the tavern and coach station . int . MAIN room , hurst & wilford -- day . reginald enter . his father warm himself by the fire . reginald Father ! sir reginald good afternoon . reginald how extraordinary for you to be here ... Sir reginald stand by the fire , very reserve . reginald ( cont ’d ) you be in good health , I trust ? how be mother ? Sir reginald continue silently by the fire . reginald ( cont ’d ) what bring you here ? sir reginald I will not dissemble and say I have business in this district -- what I have come about be more important . reginald what 's of such importance ? 18 . sir reginald I know young man do not admit inquiry into affair of the heart . but , as the sole son of a ancient family , you must know that you conduct be most important to we -- you happiness , ours , the credit of we family name , its very survival -- reginald but Father -- sir reginald no , no , hear I out . I know you would not deliberately form a engagement without inform we but I can not help fear that you will fall into a obligation which everyone near you must oppose . reginald what do you mean , Sir ? sir reginald Lady Susan Vernon 's age alone -- reginald Father , you astonish I ! sir reginald what surprise you ? reginald impute such ambition to Lady Susan ! she would never think of such a thing ; even she enemy grant she excellent understanding . my sole interest have be to enjoy the lively conversation of a superior lady . but Catherine 's prejudice be so great -- sir reginald prejudice ? Lady Susan 's neglect of she late husband , she extravagance and dissipation , she encouragement of other man , be so notorious -- reginald this be vile calumny -- I could explain each but will not so dignify they . I know you spend little time in Society - - 19 . sir reginald none . reginald should you have frequent it more you would know the astonish degree of vile , hateful jealousy in we country -- sir reginald do not deprecate we country , Sir ! I can not prevent you inherite the family estate and my ability to distress you during my life be not the kind of revenge that I would choose to take -- reginald Father , this be unnecessary -- sir reginald no , no , let I continue . a permanent connection between you and Lady Susan Vernon would destroy every comfort of we life : it would be the death of the honest pride with which we have always consider you -- we have blush to see you , to hear of you , to think of you . reginald Father , with the utmost humility let I say that what you imagine be ... impossible . int . churchill , stair -- day a somber Mrs. Cross follow two footmen carry she trunck down the stair . Lady Susan follow the group , a pleasant expression on she face . int ./ ext . churchill , forecourt , front step & hall -- day Lady Susan watch from a window as the footmen help Mrs. Cross and she trunk into the carriage . Charles Vernon , morning post in hand , join she to watch the carriage depart . susan poor Mrs. Cross be oblige to accept a position in buckinghamshire . ( more ) 20 . susan ( cont 'd ) as there be a element of friendship between we I realize the pay of wage would be offensive to we both . charle you value friendship highly . susan yes . I hope I be of some help to she . Charles , separate one letter from the other : charle you friend do not neglect you . some distance away reginald pretend to be read a book of cowper 's poem but he attention be all on Susan as she take the letter expectantly . susan thank you , Charles . look at the envelope . susan ( cont 'd ) oh , it 's from frederica 's school ... as Charles move off she find a letter opener , slit open the envelope and begin to read ; she face fall . susan ( cont 'd ) no ..! agitate she sit and continue to read - reginald go to she . susan ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it ! it .. defy comprehension ! reginald what ? susan frederica have run away !... run away from school ! reginald heavens -- where to ? susan they do not know . 21 . reginald she 's lose ?! susan no -- they detect she plan early enough to intercept she . but what folly ! where could she have think of go ? reginald surely , here . susan no , this be the last place she have come ; I mean , rather -- reginald but she must miss you terribly -- susan certainly -- I just do not think churchill would be she object . Susan continue read the letter -- then react : susan ( cont 'd ) this be outrageous ! miss summer require that frederica be remove from school !... no ! this will not stand !... perhaps miss summer be under the impression that , as a widow without fortune , I may be bully . she 's evidently forget : frederica be a Vernon ! Lady Susan stand and look out the window in agitate think . susan ( cont 'd ) Charles must put this right : confronte with he impose worth , even the mistress of a school must be persuade to act rightly . ext . country road -- day Charles and Lady Susan in a carriage head for London . int . / ext . stately arcade -- day Lady Susan walk with alicia Johnson in the elegant set . 22 . susan I have no notion of frederica be so contrary -- she seem all Vernon milkiness -- but it confirm the rightness of my plan . do Sir James call ? alicia several time . susan excellent ! alicia I follow you instruction , scolding he roundly for make love to Maria manware -- he protest that it have only be in joke ! you be right : he 's wonderfully silly . in view across the courtyard a aristocratic man follow by a footman have notice the lady and slowly approach they . they continue walk , Susan reflect : susan but we can not let Sir James forget with whom he 's in love -- a man so rich and foolish will not remain single long . alicia Sir James be so far from have forget the vernon I be sure he would marry either of you in a instant ... Susan smile and nod , a non-verbal '' thank you . '' susan I must go back to churchill -- but I might need you help find another school should miss summer not take she back . under no circumstance will I have she at churchill . alicia very wise ... susan what do you mean ? 23. alicia the nearness of they age ... Susan look confuse . alicia ( cont 'd ) her and reginald 's ... as the implication dawns Susan be displease . susan how unkind ... alicia forgive I ! susan ( suddenly sunny ) forgiven ! the fallacy of youth ! be not it rather clear we , woman of decision , who hold the trump ! aristocratic man Lady Susan ? Lady Susan Vernon ? Lady Susan turn , slow - basting the man with a scathing look : susan how dare you address I , Sir ! the aristocratic man look stunne . aristocratic man but Lady Susan -- susan be go , Sir ! or I will have you whipped ! the man turn and slink away shame - face . alicia outrageous ! you have never see he before ? susan oh , no , I know he well . I would never speak to a stranger that way . alicia consider this and nod . ext . a country road -- day 24 . Lady Susan in a carriage return from London on she own . Music play . ext . churchill -- day a beautiful establish shot . ext . churchill , garden -- day reginald and Lady Susan walk in the garden : susan I hope that you might soon know my friend alicia -- she 's a american , from the Connecticut branch of the delancey family . although even the best - breed Americans do not sound particularly '' fine , '' there 's a freshness to she manners which I find rather tonic . her family be treat outrageously there in the late war , punish for they very loyalty to the Crown . Americans have show themselves to be a nation of ingrates -- only have child can one begin to understand such a dynamic . reginald yes . int . churchill , ground floor room -- day Catherine Vernon , carry a envelope , search the room , finally find whom she seek enter the gold room from the garden direction . catherine Susan , I have be look for you -- the afternoon coach bring this note . perhaps Charles have succeed with miss summer ... Susan open the note and read a few line . susan oh it 's as I fear ! miss summer refuse to keep frederica -- she say she must think of she school 's reputation -- 25 . reginald preposterous ! I never hear of she school ! the sound of arrival come from the front of the house . int . churchill , hallway -- day Charles Vernon accompany by a shy girl of eighteen approach . int . churchill , gold room -- day the group notice the sound . reginald could that be they ? susan what , frederica ? here ? Charles and frederica appear in they travel clothes . frederica be young , quietly attractive , and terrify . charle hullo , hullo . well , here we be ... catherine be this frederica ? charle yes , allow I to introduce we niece -- charming girl -- miss frederica Vernon . catherine welcome , frederica ! we have long to know you .... my brother , reginald decourcy . reginald hullo . please to meet you . frederica bow to all but finally be leave face she mother . susan good afternoon , frederica . frederica ( voice break ) good afternoon , mother . 26 . look at she mother frederica burst into tear and run from the room . susan Excuse I . it 's as I fear -- I must go to my daughter . Susan leave . reginald what be that ? extraordinary . catherine poor frederica . reginald poor mother of frederica ! catherine what ? reginald the daughter be , I understand , a problem case . catherine I only see fear . charle she have not have tea . it could be lack of nourishment . ext . churchill , garden -- day Susan and reginald walk on a garden path ; he look around : reginald where be frederica ? susan in we room practice the pianoforte . reginald she practice quietly . they both listen for the note -- Susan glance quickly back . susan do not look -- frederica 's watch we . 27 . reginald watch we ? susan yes , at the window -- do not look . reginald how odd . to be spy upon . susan ( laugh ) that 's the parent 's lot . we bring this delightful creature into the world -- eagerly , happily -- but before long they be spying upon and judge we -- rarely favorably . have child be we fondest wish -- but , in do so , we breed we acutest critic . a preposterous situation -- but entirely of we own make . she laugh . reginald I marvel at you good humor . susan what alternative have we ? it 's the way of the world . we must accept it with a smile . ( she smile ) of course when the little one be very small there 's a kind of sweetness which partially compensate for the dreadfulness which come after ... reginald you worry for frederica 's future ? susan I worry for she present : ( laugh ) frederica 's neither pretty nor accomplish , with no conversation -- I say this with a mother 's love , ( sincerely , move ) accept that the responsibility for secure she future rest with I ... she look to reginald with a sincere , candid expression which he return . 28 . int . churchill , drawing room -- day Catherine and reginald be together . catherine she 's quite prettier than I ever imagine . reginald pretty ? you think so ? catherine yes . you do not ? reginald no. I have not have say that . in any case , beauty matter little ; it 's vivacity and a lively intelligence one look for -- even from the young . a commotion can be hear outside , Catherine head toward the door but as she do a distraught frederica burst in . frederica oh , I be sorry . Excuse I -- embarrass to find reginald there , she stop . frederica ( cont 'd ) I beg you pardon . catherine what be it , my dear ? frederica he 's here ! he 's come ! Sir James be here ! catherine who ? frederica Excuse I . I be sorry -- frederica leave , hurry to she room ; a subdued Susan enter with Sir James Martin . sir jame so sorry to come like this . ( laugh ) I suppose you do not expect I . ( laugh ) 29 . Lady Susan be not amused ; she proceed crisply . susan Catherine , let I introduce Sir James Martin . Sir James , my sister in law , Mrs. Catherine Vernon and she brother , Mr. reginald decourcy . sir jame hullo . the other how do you do ? Sir James , surprised by the question , take a moment to consider it : sir jame kind of you to ask : excellent . truly very well , thank you ... Excuse my hurry in come -- the lack of notice beforehand , et cetera , et cetera ... ( laugh ) Truth be , I forget to write -- then it be too late . now I be here ... ( laugh ) take the liberty of a relation , hope soon to be one . he nod in the direction frederica , laugh ; the other be silent . Sir James turn to Lady Susan . sir jame ( cont 'd ) I must say , you look surprised . ( laugh ) you be astonished to see I . no ? not ? well , that 's how it look . ( laugh ) susan yes , I be astonished -- and still be . sir jame ( to reginald ) a impressive establishment you have here , Sir . my congratulation . immaculate . susan Mr. decourcy be Mrs. Vernon 's brother -- 30 . sir jame very good ! susan -- it 's she husband , Mr. Vernon , who have churchill . sir jame churchill ? that 's how you say it ? all - together that way : ( very , very quickly ) '' churchill . '' ( marvel ) that explain a great deal . I have hear '' church '' ... and '' hill '' -- but I could not find either . all I see be a big house . ( laugh ) Fine name : '' churchill . '' marlborough , right ? the general . he show the french ! ( laugh ; to Catherine ) you must be very proud . reginald no connection . sir jame but I believe I have hear it speak of . ( to Susan ) I think you mention it -- '' churchill '' -- yes , I believe you do but what I hear be '' church '' and '' hill . '' could not find they at all ! now I realize I be in mistake but stand correct . happens quite a lot . Sir James let loose a long and very silly laugh . when it end Susan continue : susan reginald , would you be so kind as to take Sir James to see Charles ? Sir James , you will find Charles well verse in the advanced agricultural method in which you have take such a interest . Sir James think . 31 . sir jame oh yes ! Advanced agricultural method -- very much so . Collins , who supervise martindale for I , speak of they often ... the landowner of the present day ... must know all sort of thing -- that 's we role . ( laugh ) " hullo , Collins '' -- I say -- '' what advanced method have we today ? " excellent ! for a moment the other just regard Sir James with surprise . int . churchill , susan 's room -- late pm Susan enter and try to find she way in a darken space , reveal to be a bedroom suite . susan .-.. oh , there you be ! be you asleep ? frederica no , mama . susan what then ? you be hide from I ?... please explain . frederica no. susan you be a strange girl . what be you up to back there ? frederica what ? susan rushing out before Sir James enter the room . frederica I could not bear to see he . susan '' could not bear ? " what a ungenerous manner of speech ! frederica do not move or respond . 32 . susan ( cont 'd ) frederica dear , Sir James Martin be a kind -heart young man whose only offense seem to be ( with a sweet smile ) want to provide you a life of comfort . she wait for a response but there be none . susan ( cont 'd ) have you nothing to say ? frederica shake she head . susan ( cont 'd ) dear , we present comfortable state be of the most precarious sort . we do not live -- we visit . we be entirely at the mercy of we friend and relation -- as we discover so painfully at langford . here you seem to have win you aunt 's affection : ( smile again ) I think I serve you well there , for I believe she would do anything to spite I . but such a dynamic cannot continue forever . frederica but , mama -- susan '' but , mama ? '' I will not always be here for you to contradict I . if the life of comfort Sir James offer you be not to you taste , what will you do ? how will you live ? frederica I could ... teach . susan teach ! have you be more in school you would not consider such a thing ! answer this : when we Lord write his commandment , which one do he consider so important he put it in the fourth position ? frederica the fourth position ? 33 . susan yes , the fourth commandment . frederica I know the commandment -- but not they order . susan that 's what come of a irregular education ! the fourth commandment ... frederica " thou shalt not ...? " susan it 's not a '' shalt not . '' it 's a '' shalt . '' frederica '' thou shalt ? '' susan have I not myself be present I would wonder if you be actually my daughter : ( pause , compassionate look ) '' honor . thy. father. and. mother . '' frederica I be sorry ! have anything I have do dishonor you or Father ? susan to '' honor '' mean , among other thing , to listen with respect to a parent 's sincere counsel . frederica but I do listen with respect , mama . it 's just that -- susan if you will not pay attention to I perhaps you will to a larger imperative : the Law of the Universe . a offer as splendid as Sir James 's be unlikely to come again . he have offer you the one thing of value he have to give -- he income . ( more ) 34 . susan ( cont 'd ) I fear , and reproach myself , for have shield you for far too long : have I let you starve a little bit more , you would resist much less . frederica but at school I be often hungry -- susan evidently not hungry enough ! in any case the starvation of the schoolhouse be nothing like that of the destitute . be that what you want ? frederica no ... I can see that Sir James be a kind man and if it be not a question of marriage I could like he . but marriage be for one 's whole life -- susan not in my experience . meanwhile I must ask you not to speak to you aunt or uncle about this matter -- or seek they interference in any way . I insist -- promise ... remember the commandment . frederica yes , mama . ext . garden -- day Susan and Catherine walk . susan Sir James 's arrival , and its suddenness , require some explanation . you be not too surprised , I hope ? catherine it be unexpected -- susan yes ; certainly . to I , as much as anyone . I be afraid Sir James 's best quality be not immediately apparent ... certainly , he 's no Solomon - - 35 . catherine Solomon ? susan the wise king in the Bible ... who have the idea of divide the infant dispute by two mother in half , or in two , I can not recall the exact wording . catherine oh yes of course . susan so Sir James be no Solomon -- but how many suitor of great wisdom be a young woman likely to find today ? catherine I do not know -- susan none . and I must confess that at time I wonder if such a quality be even desirable in a husband . Catherine look a bit surprised . int . churchill , dine room -- night very tight on : very round , very green peas -- a knife of fine silver knock they about a plate of fine china . sir jame ( 0.s. ) how jolly . Sir James toy with they as reginald , Catherine , Charles and frederica watch . a pair of footmen stand against the wall . sir jame ( cont 'd ) tiny green ball ... Sir James savor a forkful . sir jame ( cont 'd ) mmm , yes , good taste -- quite sweet . what be they call ? reginald peas. 36 . sir jame oh yes . I know that . I recall now . I must get Collins to cultivate they at martindale . novelty vegetable -- could make quite a packet . int . hallway outside gold room -- night ( filmed ) Charles Vernon catch Catherine for a word -- Sir James can be see circle frederica in the gold room ; reginald stand by the fireplace pretend to read he cowper volume . charle I be enjoy Sir James 's visit . his conversation be lively , he bring a new angle to thing . what do you think if I take he to see the fredericksville farm ? he 's mention he interest in agricultural method ... catherine yes ... ext . churchill , the beautiful tower - day int . churchill , stairway -- day the may bring the Vernon child , Charlotte and Frederick , down the stair as Charlotte enjoin she little brother to be good . little charlotte vernon Frederick , you must try to be good . int . churchill , front hall -- day ( filmed ) overlap with the child 's voice , frederica read a volume of cowper 's poem by candlelight . ext . churchill , the garden -- day ( filmed ) reginald - vex - join Lady Susan walk in the garden . reginald ( 0.s. ) he 's utterly ridiculous . 37 . susan certainly he 's no Solomon but -- reginald '' Solomon ? '' susan the wise king from the bible ; I know he 's not that . but any man , navigate the cascade of romantic courtship , and occasionally fall into that foam water , be not apt to appear at he best -- reginald what ? Susan walk away as if vex , then turn around : susan a simple word , reginald : '' comprehension . '' I admire you cast of mind but you might not be entirely sensible of the degree to which you intimidate other -- particularly a young man over whom you have every advantage of position , look and character . reginald Sir James Martin be a fool because of I ? susan yes . around you he seem very silly . reginald he be not silly around everyone ? susan no. reginald I believe he 's give everyone the same impression . susan they have only see he around you . reginald but ... you deny Sir James 's intention toward you ? 38 . susan toward I ?! reginald he 's clearly besotted with you . Susan laugh , as if pleased and flatter . susan no , it 's with frederica he 's smitten . reginald that 's not possible . susan he propose to she . reginald how could such a blockhead even be allow to court you daughter ? it 's incomprehensible . susan this be the incomprehension of the rich and easeful ! you can afford to take the high ground and add another layer to you pride . if you realize the full extent of ridiculous manhood a young woman without fortune must humor you would be more generous to Sir James ! ext . hurst & wilford -- day the hubbub of horse and attendant -- alicia , in travel clothes , and Lady Susan walk between they . susan it 's so good of you to steal away . alicia we can only meet through such subterfuges -- Mr. Johnson be relentless ; I will not be send back to Connecticut ! susan I do not see he have believe that association with I would lower you reputation . 39 . susan ( cont 'd ) but , a question : do Sir James mention to you any plan to come to churchill ? alicia heavens no ! what folly ! how do Mr. decourcy react ? susan I have some gratification there : at first he observe Sir James with a attention not untinge with jealousy . but it be impossible to really torture he as I finally have to reveal that frederica be Sir James 's object . then he be all astonishment ! Left to ourselves I have no great difficulty convincing he I be justified - I can not remember the exact reason but it be all comfortably arrange . alicia so what 's you verdict on young decourcy ? susan he 's not stupid and have a good deal to say , but I can not help but look with a certain contempt on the fancy of a heart always doubting the reasonableness of its emotion . I vastly prefer the generous spirit of a manware who , deeply convinced of one 's merit , be satisfied that whatever one do be right . alicia I know that no one really deserve you but young decourcy might be worth have . Susan ponder she dear friend 's advice . int . gold room - day Sir James , seek to charm frederica , interrupt she read as Charles Vernon and reginald read nearby . 40 . sir jame Excuse I , frederica , when I come down this morning I could not help notice that you be read a '' book . '' which '' book '' be that ? frederica this volume of cowper 's verse . frederica show the book which she have be try to read . sir jame cowper , the poet ? he also write verse ? most impressive . reginald jump in . reginald yes , he 's versatile that way . sir jame so , frederica , you read both poetry and verse ? in this I believe you take after you mother , who know all sort of thing . just yesterday she cite to I a story from the Bible about a wise king . this remind I of many such important account one learn in childhood . perhaps most significant in form one 's principle be that of the old prophet who come down from the mountain with tablet bear the twelve commandment which the Lord teach we must be obey without fail . reginald the twelve commandment ? charle ( apologetically ) Excuse I , I believe there be only ten . sir jame oh really ? only have to obey ten ? so , which two to take off then ? I would say the one about the sabbath -- I prefer to hunt . charle well ... 41. sir jame after that , it get tricky . most of the '' shalt not '' -- do not murder , do not covet thy neighbor 's house , or wife -- ( laugh ) -- one would not think of do anyway , as they would be wrong , whether one be allow to take they off or not . Sir James glance to frederica to see if he disquisition might have impressed she . Card : '' soon to be a relative , Sir James Martin aid a widow . '' int . churchill , door to susan 's room - night Sir James Martin speak to Lady Susan ( 0.s. ) outside the door to she room . sir jame no , delighted ... honoure . my pleasure . lady susan ( 0.s. ) would you like I to sign a note ? sir jame no document . no '' note '' necessary . all in the family ... or soon to be lady susan ( 0.s. ) and the carriage ? sir jame oh , yes the carriage . definitely . certainly . my pleasure . honoure . int . country dance -- night a glimpse or partial view of a evening dance party , either the local Assembly or a private gather , see only the protagonist with a few stranger : Sir James Martin , delighted , dance with all the lady ; Charles Vernon contentedly observe ; all the other , dance , to vary degree uncomfortable ( reginald , Susan , Catherine ) or actively distress ( frederica ) but end on Sir James . 42 . ext . churchill ground and stable -- day Charles and reginald , return from a early hunt , dismount and leave they horse to groom ; reginald head toward the house . int . churchill , salon -- day frederica , sit with a book , listen to the sound of reginald 's approach footstep . int . churchill , ground floor room -- day reginald approach the salon and enter , find frederica with she head bury in the book . reginald oh , hullo . good day . frederica good day . reginald would you know where I might find you mother ? frederica I believe she 's go out . reginald go out ? frederica do not reply . reginald ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? frederica , she head plunge sharply down , first nod -- then freeze , as if about to cry . reginald ( cont 'd ) what be it ? frederica can not reply . reginald ( cont 'd ) tell I : what 's wrong ? frederica can not bring herself to speak . reginald ( cont 'd ) please say . 43. frederica Sir , I ... I do not know to whom I can apply . reginald what be it ? please tell I . frederica I be sorry , I should not say anything -- it 's that -- you be the only one mother might listen to . reginald why would you say that ? frederica she pay no one such regard as she do you , except Lord manware . reginald what do you mean , manware ? frederica ( panic ) no -- I be sorry -- it 's just that , of all people , I think mother would listen most to you . reginald let I understand this : it 's that you find Sir James 's presence and courtship of you unwelcome ? frederica nod . frederica , frederica , panic . reginald ( cont ’d ) if he presence here disturb you , it be to Charles or my sister to whom you should apply . in some torment , do not immediately reply . frederica I - I promise mother I would not . reginald I do not understand . why would you promise that ? realize she have go far , be flustered and frederica ( in a tiny voice ) she require it . reginald what do she require ? frederica freeze . reginald ( cont ’d ) what ?... this silence be vex ... frederica mama forbade it . reginald I do not understand . frederica I promise not to speak to my aunt and uncle on this subject . reginald for what possible reason ? frederica it 's wrong of I to speak now . if I be not at my wit 's end I would not have -- I can not marry Sir James ! reginald to what do you object ? frederica you must have notice -- he 's very silly . reginald but besides that . frederica besides that ? reginald yes . I confess , the first impression I have of he be also ... indifferent . but do not that knowledgeable of such matter consider Sir James a good '' catch , '' or '' match , '' or whatever it be they say ? ( more ) 44 , reginald ( cont 'd ) a man of cheerful temperament , happy to devote a large income to a wife 's comfort ? frederica I would rather work for my bread ! reginald but what could you do ? frederica I could teach ! I could -- reginald teach ?! frederica yes. reginald you must have be very little in school . tell I : how do this happen ? you mother be a woman of excellent understanding , she concern for you great -- though wise and clear-ey . how could she be so mistaken if you truly despise Sir James ? frederica I do not despise Sir James . I can see he a kind man , with good quality . he be certainly likeable , and I would be free to truly like he if he be a cousin , or a cousin 's cousin , or a friend , or a friend 's friend , or a in - law , or a step - something -- I just do not want to be marry to he ... reginald stand . reginald come . tell I the particular . if they be as you say I can not for the world imagine that you mother would remain deaf to you wish ... int . churchill , blue room -- day Catherine sort through Christmas object when reginald enter , red-face and agitate . 46 . reginald Catherine , I would like to thank you for this visit . catherine you be leave ? reginald yes , I must . catherine why ? reginald as you have say it 's important that , at this season , one of we be with we parent . catherine you have just decide this now ? reginald yes . but before go I must ask one thing : I have be grateful if you could see justice be do frederica . she 's a sweet girl who deserve a better fate . catherine I be glad you now see she worth . reginald yes , my eye have open to many thing .... int . churchill , upstair corridor - day frederica walk toward the stair . int . churchill , parlor - day frederica enter and sit near Catherine . frederica aunt , I do something very wrong -- catherine I be sure not -- Catherine go to she . 47 . frederica no , I do . and now he and my mother have quarrel : he 's to leave and it 's my fault ! mama will never forgive I -- catherine do not worry . if any of what you fear come to pass , I 'il happily intercede ... int . churchill , upstair corridor -- day frederica return to she room . insert : a hand grab a packet of '' Dr. Preston 's lozenge '' int . churchill , gold room -- day Lady Susan enter , in a seemingly placid mood . susan good afternoon , Catherine . that cough of young Frederick 's worry I -- I have from London some of Dr. Preston 's excellent lozenge . could you use some for the dear boy ? she hand Catherine the package . catherine yes , thank you . susan I have also a request : could you tell I if it 's true that we will be lose Mr. decourcy today ? catherine yes , it seem that we will . susan how remarkable . when he and I speak , barely a hour ago , he mention nothing of it . Susan look into Catherine 's face to divine a answer . 48. susan ( cont 'd ) perhaps he do not then know himself . ( a laugh ) Young man be so impetuous in they resolution -- catherine I would not say reginald be impetuous -- — susan oh yes , he be -- he 's like other young man that way : hasty in make resolution , but just as quick to unmake they ! I would be very surprised if he be not to change he mind and stay . catherine he seem quite decide . susan ( smile ) we will see ... ( leave ) some strangeness also seem to be affect frederica -- I believe the girl 's actually fall in love , with you brother the object ! int . churchill , corridor -- day Wilson knock at a door ; reginald , jacketless , open it . wilson Sir , Lady Susan ask if she might have a word with you she ask if you would be so kind as to visit she in she dress room . int . churchill stairway -- day reginald , dress , ascend the stair , a determine expression on he face . he knock on the door . susan ( 0.s. ) come in . 49 . int . lady susan's room , churchill -- day reginald enter -- half sheepish , half self - righteous . for a long moment Susan say nothing . susan I beg you pardon for the liberty of call you here , Sir , but I have just learn of you intention to leave today . be that true ? reginald yes , it be . susan I entreat you not , on my account , to shorten you visit by even a hour . reginald well -- susan I be perfectly aware that after what have pass between we it would ill-suit either of we to remain in the same house : it 's I who should go . reginald no . why ? Lady Susan raise she hand . susan my visit have already be inconvenient for you family ; for I to stay risk divide a clan affectionately attach to one another . where I go be of little consequence whereas you presence be important to all . int . churchill , upstair hallway -- day a somber reginald leave Lady Susan 's room . susan ( 0.s . ) it 's terrifying how close I come to destruction ... int . edward ST . house -- day 50 . Susan have just arrive ; alicia Johnson meet she in the hall . susan it all start with frederica , in the grip of a madness of some kind , entreate reginald to intercede on she behalf -- as if I be some unkind mother not want the best for my child . they pass from the hall into the salon . susan ( cont 'd ) next reginald appear at my room with a expression of the utmost solemnity to inform I of the impropriety of allow Sir James Martin to court frederica ! I try to joke he out of it but he refuse to be . alicia heavens , be he really so pompous -- susan the pomposity I assume ; it 's he disloyalty which outrage I ! if he hold I in true regard he would not believe such insinuation in my disfavour ! a worthy lover should assume one have unanswerable motive for all one do ! alicia certainly -- Susan pause , continue in a softer register . susan scarcely a hour have go by when I learn reginald be leave churchill : something have to be do ; condescension be necessary though I abhor it . I send for reginald ; when he appear he seem astonished at the summon , and look as if half - wishing , half - fear , to be soften by what I might say -- the outcome justify some portion of vanity , my dear , for it be no less favorable than immediate . 51 . alicia you brilliant creature . susan so now I have many task : I must punish frederica for she application to reginald , punish he for receive it so favorably , and make myself serious amend for the humiliation I have be oblige to undergo . alicia manware 's in town . susan manware ! how be he , the divine man ? alicia absolutely miserable about you and jealous of decourcy -- to such a degree I can not answer for he not commit some great imprudence such as follow you to churchill -- susan heavens ! alicia I think I persuade he from it . if you do follow my advice and marry decourcy , it will be indispensable for you to get manware out of the way . only you have the influence to send he home . susan ( thoughtful ) and by remain in town I will be able to reward a long penance at churchill with a little welcome dissipation . a footman enter . footman madam , Lord manware have arrive and beg to be admit . alicia and Susan exchange a look ; Susan nod . 52 . alicia please ask he to wait . Susan check she perfection in a mirror , as the servant leave . ext . churchill , forlorn path -- day the sky dark and threaten frederica , bundle against the cold , walk a forlorn path , the estate church visible or not before she . int . churchill chapel -- day frederica sit in a side pew by a stain glass window , head bent in meditation or prayer . curate ( 0.s. ) miss Vernon ? it 's so good to see you here ! the affable young curate stand before she . curate ( cont 'd ) might I help you ? frederica yes ... a friend be ask how , in accord with Christian teach , the fourth commandment should be honore ... curate the fourth commandment ? yes -- '' remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy . '' frederica no , I mean the commandment , '' honor thy Father and mother ... '' curate oh , the fifth commandment -- my favorite ! it 's the Church of Rome that have it as the fourth - - yes , the fifth commandment : ( more ) 53. curate ( cont 'd ) '' honour thy father and thy mother : that thy day may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee . '' beautiful , profound -- I believe one should apply this sentiment of gratitude and loyalty to every aspect of we life . we be not bear into a savage wilderness but in a beautiful mansion of the Lord that the Lord and that who have go before we have construct . we must avoid neglect this mansion but rather glorify and preserve it -- as we should all of the Lord 's creation . the superb baumgarten have outline this aesthetic trinity as '' beauty , '' '' Truth , '' and '' good . '' '' Truth '' be the perfect perceive by reason ; '' beauty , '' by the sense ; and the '' good '' by moral will . frederica look greatly inspire by the curate 's word . ext . churchill , forlorn path -- day frederica , return to churchill , encounter reginald return from a ride . he look surprised . reginald from where do you come ? frederica Church . reginald why be you in church ? frederica well ... it be we religion . reginald yes , but this time of day -- neither morning prayer nor vesper ? frederica , dodging a explanation . frederica the sky have cloud over -- I be sure there would be a downpour . reginald there be ... 54 . reginald shake some water from he clothes . frederica now see that he 's soaking wet , water drip from he clothes . frederica oh you be quite drench ! you must get into some dry clothes ! she move forward protectively , she hand touch he and then withdraw they embarrassedly as if have touch a hot surface . frederica ( cont 'd ) oh excuse I ! int . MAIN hall , parkland -- night Lady decourcy greet Catherine still in she travel cloak . lady decourcy dearest , welcome ! catherine oh , mother ! embrace she and almost cry . lady decourcy what joy you letter give we ! catherine I write too hastily -- lady decourcy what ? catherine I could not imagine that every expectation I have would be dash so quickly . lady decourcy you frighten I . catherine poor girl -- she one chance to break free ... who know what punishment she mother will now impose . lady decourcy but reginald can not be blind to such a lovely girl . 55 . catherine he 's become blind : reginald be more securely Lady Susan 's than ever . lady decourcy please do not tell you father - I worry for he constitution . Sir reginald appear from the hallway : sir reginald tell I what ? ext . edward ST . house -- day Susan 's carriage arrive at Edward Street and she step out . alicia intercept she from the front door . alicia Susan ! stop ! alicia run down the stair . alicia ( cont 'd ) dreadful news - Mr. Johnson 's be cure ! susan how be that possible ? alicia no sooner have he hear you be in London than he have a cure . susan then could you do I the great favor ? could you go to seymour Street and receive reginald there . I dare not risk he and manware 's meeting -- keep he with you all evening if you can . make up anything ... ext . upper seymour STREET -- day reginald arrive in a carriage and step out , dodging a hole in the pavement where workmen replace cobblestone . he approach the stair to Lady Susan 's building . 56 . int . upper seymour STREET , salon -- day reginald and Susan enter together . susan I be sorry I be not here to greet you but do not I provide a charming substitute ? reginald remain silent - evidently pout . susan ( cont 'd ) it 's strange : you remain silent but Mrs. Johnson could not stop sing you praise . reginald Excuse I ? susan I fear alicia have rather fall in love with you - it 's give I quite a scare . reginald you be joke . susan but you do like she ? reginald of course -- susan I so admire alicia : she have none of the uncouthness one expect from Americans but all of the candor . her husband , Mr. Johnson , be older and rather disagreeable but a word of complaint never drop from alicia 's lip . exemplary . only by one 's friend can one truly be know ; that alicia be mine will , I hope , help you think better of I . reginald I already think well of you . Susan think . susan you be not '' plague by doubt ? '' 57 . reginald some thing disconcert I : that you be not here , that -- susan please , reginald , do not be severe -- I can not support reproach ... reginald but -- susan no , I entreat you , I can not support they . my absence be to arrange a matter so that we could be together . I be forbidden to say more ; please do not reproach I . reginald have you consider what I ask ? susan I have and I believe we affair require a delicacy and caution which , in we candid enthusiasm , we have perhaps insufficiently heed -- reginald what do you mean ? susan I fear we feeling have hurried we to a degree which ill accord with the view of the world . reginald I be sure , in time -- susan perhaps , with time , but give the poignancy of we feeling -- reginald you no longer wish to marry ? susan no , no , no . all I be say - or hesitantly suggest - be that we postpone a open understanding until the opinion of the world be more in accord with we own inclination . 58 . reginald when might that be ? Susan consider the question . susan I would say we should let the opinion of we friend be we guide . reginald that could mean never ! susan no , no . perhaps ... month . I confess that such delay be against all my inclination -- reginald then let 's -- susan no , I can not be responsible for divide you family . reginald I think we have decide . susan I know such delay seem insupportable , especially when we be both in London . with separation , only that that be also geographical can reasonably be tolerate . reginald what ? susan I be sorry , reginald : stay in London would be the death of we reputation . we must not meet . and not to meet , we must not be near . cruel as this may seem , the necessity of it will be evident to you . reginald where will you go ? 59 . susan of course it 's necessary that I remain in London -- there be arrangement I must make for we to be together . but on the contrary I know you family crave you company -- especially that elderly gentleman to whom you owe so much . I would hate to be the cause of a 6loignement between you and you father , who - forgive I - might not have long leave . reginald there 's no reason for worry that I know of -- Father 's rather in he prime . susan oh thank heavens ! so he 's not in decline ? reginald he have the usual aches and pain but be overall , I believe , in good health . in any case he would not want any concern on that account - which he would consider so much rubbish . susan ah , mortality ! we mortality and that of other -- but most particularly we own -- be the hardest and most implacable hand life deal we . I long to meet the dear gentleman . of course it 's natural that he would want to ignore or minimize the cold , sad end that await we . reginald not at all . Father 's a Christian , for whom the prospect of the end be neither sad nor cold . susan ah , yes ! well thank Heaven for we religion -- so important in this life , and most especially in the next . reginald pace the room . 60 . reginald must we really wait ? I entreat you to reconsider . int . edward ST . house -- day a servant open the door to Lady manware , cry and '' fretted thin and uglier than ever , '' accompany by two servant include owen . alicia Lady manware ! lady manwaring ( in tear ) Excuse I .. I be in .. such a state , I do not know what to say ... be Mr. Johnson at home ? ( close to sobbing ) I must speak with my guardian . alicia yes , yes , of course . you poor dear ! I will let he know you be here . alicia lead she into the salon and put she head into the library . alicia ( cont 'd ) Lucy manware be here to see you . lady manwaring ( howling ) Mr. Johnson ! Lady manware lunge into the library and disappear within . alicia yes , please go in . lady manwaring ( 0.s. ) you must help ! you must help I ! manware 's leave ! alicia close the door but lean close to hear . mr . johnson ( 0.s. or partial ) dear Lucy , please , calm yourself . here , take a seat . lady manwaring ( 0.s. ) he 's go -- with no intention of return ! 61 . mr . johnson ( 0.s. ) what exactly 's happen ... please tell I everything , as best you can . a footman enter the salon to announce a visitor . johnson footman madam , Mr. decourcy . reginald enter . reginald oh , good day . alicia Mr. decourcy ! she be take aback but approach he . alicia ( cont 'd ) what a surprise to see you ! so kind of you to call . reginald I must thank you for last evening - for set matter right . Lady Susan have explain everything . I be ashamed to have speak as I do -- it be foolish of I -- alicia no , no not at all -- most sympathetic ... alicia maneuver to keep reginald away from the library , from which voice can still be hear . alicia ( cont 'd ) but you do not have to come to thank I -- courtesy do not dictate it ... reginald in fact it 's not my sole motive -- Lady Susan have entrust I with a letter for you . reginald hand she the letter . alicia ( read ) '' strictly private '' - how intrigue . 62 . Lady manware 's scarcely human high - pitch plaint be too audible to ignore . reginald have a animal be injure ?! alicia amateur theatricals ... '' medea '' -- they perform next week but prefer not to be watch rehearse . alicia hurry reginald toward the door . alicia ( cont 'd ) thank you again for the charming evening . Lady manware burst out of the library follow Johnson -- reginald , too close to the door to see unobstructed , catch only glimpsis of the drama . lady manwaring she 's with he now ! this can not continue ! it must not -- mr . johnson Lucy , please do not ! stay here , rest , recover you equanimity -- lady manwaring equanimity !? they be together now ! ( to Mr. Johnson ) I implore you -- come with I , talk with manware , reason with he . as my Guardian , will not you help ? -- mr . johnson even if I find they , what good could be do ? alicia have return partway to the room . alicia yes , heed Mr. Johnson , in such matter he counsel be excellent -- lady manwaring what have you ? a letter in she hand ! Lady manware snatch the envelope from alicia . by Mr. they 63 . alicia return that letter , madam . it be not for you . Lady manware tear it open . mr . johnson Lucy , no ! reginald snatch the letter , hold it away from she . reginald Excuse I , madam , I believe you be on the verge of make a grave error . you be Lady manware ? Lady manware of langford ? you have recognize you friend Lady Susan Vernon 's hand and assume the letter 's for you -- lady manwaring you think that Lady be my friend ? she 's with my husband now ; as we speak , he visit she ! reginald that 's impossible , madam . I have just leave she ; she 's entirely alone , even she servant send off . lady manwaring Owen ! the Johnson footman lead Lord manware 's servant , owen , into the salon . lady manwaring ( cont ’d ) Owen -- come here , stand here . tell this gentleman what you have see . owen you ladyship .. lady manwaring repeat to he what you tell I . Owen turn to reginald . owen well , Sir , Lady Susan send she servant away , then you leave . ( more ) 64 . owen ( cont 'd ) a few minute later Lord manware arrive and be receive by she ladyship . reginald alone ? owen yes , sir , I believe so . no one else come or go . Lady manware snatch the letter and start devour it . reginald no - stop ! the letter 's for Mrs. Johnson only ! lady manwaring here : ( read ) " I send reginald with this letter -- keep he there all evening if you can ; manware come this very hour . '' reginald that 's not possible . lady manwaring I must stop this ! ( to Mr. Johnson ) please , Sir , come with I . mr . johnson what could possibly be gain ? it could even be dangerous ; this be a matter for you solicitor . ( turn to alicia ) Mrs. Johnson , this go beyond what I could imagine -- you promise to give up all contact with this woman . alicia I have no idea what she write ! she 's go mad ! mr . johnson I be sorry to say , my dear , that I hear the Atlantic passage be very cold this time of year . alicia be stunne , Lucy manware in hysterics . 65 . ext /int . carriage , london stret -- day tight on alicia 's pensive face as she ride in a carriage . int . upper seymour STREET -- day alicia Johnson arrive , take off she cloak . alicia agony , my dear ! susan what happen ? alicia the worst . disaster -- susan disaster ? alicia Mr. decourcy arrive just when he should not have -- Lucy manware have just force herself into Mr. Johnson 's study to sob she woe . susan have she no pride , no self - respect ? alicia what a impression she make -- burst from Mr. Johnson 's library wail like a strike child . see the letter in you handwrite , she tore it from reginald to read aloud - susan no ! alicia yes . " manware come this very hour ! " susan and reginald hear that ? alicia he read it himself . susan how ungentlemanly ! shock ! I can not believe it . 66 . alicia yes , very shocking . susan a gentleman , entrust with correspondence mark " private , " read it regardless -- and then , because of some confidential remark , the obloquy be mine ! but who have act badly in this affair ? only you and I stand innocent of read other people 's correspondence ! alicia unluckily Lady manware also worm out of she husband 's servant that manware visit you in private . susan oh. ( she contemplate this ) fact be horrid thing ! Susan pace the room , then recover . susan ( cont 'd ) do not worry : I will make my story good with reginald . he will be a little enraged at first but I vow that , by dinner tomorrow , all will be well . alicia look more doubtful . alicia I be not sure ... he be with Mr. Johnson when I leave . forgive I for say it but ... I dread to imagine what 's be say in you disfavour ... Susan stop pace and regards alicia with compassion : susan what a mistake you make marrying Mr. Johnson : too old to be governable , too young to die ! 67 . ext . montage : london image suggesting a day 's passing - day / night St. Paul 's on the horizon at sunset or dawn , perhaps period London stock shot , to be research . ext . upper seymour STREET -- day reginald climb the step and knock on the door . int . upper seymour STREET -- day the may show reginald up the stair -- he be very somber . he enter the salon and address Lady Susan . reginald good afternoon , madam . int . upper seymour STREET , outside salon -- day the may have she ear to the door eavesdropp on the conversation within . we hear through the door : susan of course it might seem outlandish or shocking to other -- int . upper seymour STREET , salon -- day Lady Susan , in a dress gown , sit as reginald stand . susan -- but we be not expect other to read we correspondence and do not put thing for they benefit . manware only visit I as he wife 's friend -- reginald " friend ? " she herself deny this . susan of course -- I be she friend when she be sane , she great enemy since . manware leave langford to escape she derange suspicion . in granting he a interview my sole motive be to persuade he to return to she and see what might be do to ease the poor woman 's mind -- 68 . reginald but why '' alone ? '' why do you arrange to see he alone ? susan you can not divine the motive there ? servant have ear , with the unfortunate tendency to repeat whatever they imagine they have hear . I dread injure the poor lady 's reputation still further . reginald you imagine I could accept such a explanation ? susan I can only tell you what I know to be true . reginald do you succeed ? susan what ? reginald do you convince manware to return to he wife ? susan yes . I do . but it seem that she judgment be too deteriorate to allow it . her suspicious and jealous condition be not one that will accept reassurance . reginald you forget , I see the letter with my own eye -- susan no , I do not forget . I greatly resent it -- a fault you compound by misinterprete what you should never have see . do you think I would have confide a letter to a third party if I think its content in any way dangerous ? have not I already explain everything which the ill- nature of the world might interpret to my discredit ? what could so stagger you esteem for I now ? ( more ) susan ( cont 'd ) after all we have discuss and mean to one another , that you could doubt my intention , my action , my word ... reginald be silent . susan ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , reginald . I have reflect upon this deeply : I can not marry a man with a untrust disposition . I can not have it . reginald ( softly , stunne ) what ? susan we can not marry . whatever commitment there be between we be severe ; any connection impossible . reginald what be you say ? susan mistrust do not bode well for any union . I have a great regard for you - yes , a passionate one . but I must master it . distraught , reginald bow and leave . int . parkland , garden parlor -- day 69 . Lady decourcy look out for she daughter in a happy mood . lady decourcy Catherine ! Catherine ! Catherine Vernon enter from the garden . catherine what be it , mother ? lady decourcy reginald 's return . catherine he 's here ? lady decourcy he 's just go to find you father . 70 . catherine it 's not -- lady decourcy no , the most happy news - we fear be in vain . catherine what ? lady decourcy the engagement 's off ! catherine how ? lady decourcy Lady Susan break it off herself . catherine she do ? Catherine look apprehensive . lady decourcy reginald 's most cast down . but I be sure he will soon recover and -- dare we hope -- cast he look elsewhere ? Catherine think further . catherine that woman 's a fiend ! lady decourcy what do you mean ? catherine Lady Susan . she have a uncanny understanding of man 's nature . a look of worry and confusion cross Lady decourcy 's face . lady decourcy uncanny ? catherine reginald will start again to doubt everything he 's hear to she detriment ; a guilty regret will overwhelm he . slowly , surely he will convince himself he 's wronge she . 71 . lady decourcy you frighten I ! catherine yes , if Frederick Vernon , renowned for good sense , let Lady Susan ruin he -- what chance have reginald ? lady decourcy you speak as if you brother be not wise ; everyone comment on he lively intelligence . catherine you be the best of mother but reginald have just the sort of sincere nature most vulnerable to a woman of she genius -- lady decourcy you think she 's a genius ? catherine diabolically so , like the serpent in eden 's Garden . lady decourcy do this woman always get she way ? catherine from what I understand only clever tradesman be astute enough to see through she stratagem ; several band together to send they agent to intercept she on seymour Street , obliging she to pawn the last of she jewel . pace can be hear down the hall : reginald and he father enter , reginald cast down while the old man seem in high spirit . sir reginald slay the fatte calf , my dear -- the prodigal 's return ! he look to reginald , a wet blanket . sir reginald ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong , my boy ? the joy of see you age parent elude you ? Lady decourcy step off screen . 72 . catherine do not tease he , Father . sir reginald it 's a father 's right . catherine you will have he flee back to London . reginald no risk of that I assure you . London hold no charm for I . sir reginald oh you have realize that : good . never appeal to I at all . dirty , noisy -- noxious gas , soot ... I do not see the point of town . Far better to live on one 's own land . everyone should . catherine I be afraid this relate to my sister - in- law . reginald yes , sister -- congratulation on you entire vindication . catherine on the contrary , I do not see you out of danger at all . reginald I assuredly be . sir reginald what 's all this about ? what 's happen ? I do not understand . Lady decourcy re-enter with a sheaf of music and blush frederica . lady decourcy reginald dear , frederica 's prepare a charming piece -- help I persuade she to sing it for we . frederica oh , no -- you be too kind , Lady decourcy . I be not ready -- 73 . reginald Excuse I , miss Vernon , mother : as much as I would like to , I be afraid I be too tired to be a suitable audience - outside , the sound of a carriage approach . Catherine reginald ( cont ’d ) so , if you will excuse I -- sir reginald no , you must stay . frederica 's a songbird -- never hear anything like it . ( to frederica ) do not deny we this pleasure , my dear . reginald , we need you to insist . reginald well , as I say , I - - frederica no , I be sorry . Excuse I . lady decourcy you must play it , my dear . please -- sir reginald " the kentish nightingale , " I call she . Voice 's remarkable - even to my hearing . reginald she must have it from she mother 's side : Lady Susan 's voice be a clear , natural soprano . Lovely , beautiful ... look out the window . sir reginald oh , it be , be it ? catherine do you expect visitor , mother ? lady decourcy no ... who would visit we ? Charles Vernon enter , smile . 74 . charle look who 's come from London -- what a agreeable surprise ! Lady Susan enter . susan Excuse I for arrive this way -- except for Charles the other remain absolutely still . susan ( cont 'd ) what a delightful family pose ! charle yes , it be the season for family to unite -- so especially welcome to have you here . susan thank you , Charles ! ( to Sir & Lady dec ) I do hope that , recognize a mother 's anxiety to see she child , you might excuse my abruptness . charle nothing to excuse . Sir reginald , Lady decourcy -- might I introduce my sister - in-law , Lady Susan Vernon . susan enchanté . please forgive this intrusion but now that I be fix in town I can not rest with frederica away . catherine be not such anxiety new ? susan ( ever cheerful ) yes , it be -- I entirely agree . but now I be in London where the instruction frederica need can so readily be find . her voice have some promise -- sir reginald '' some ? '' she 's a veritable songbird - - " the kentish nightingale , " I call she . 75 . susan do you ? be this really Kent ? she take a glance in the direction of the window and the moonlit night . susan ( cont 'd ) how delightful . ( flashes a smile . ) you be right , Sir -- frederica have the native talent a bird might . but that few note can get repetitive . frederica but , mama , could not I stay ? susan ( repeat ) '' but , mama , could not I stay ? " charm . ( to Catherine ) thank you , dear sister , for make frederica feel so welcome and at home ( to Lady decourcy ) wherever she go . ( to frederica ) I have secure you a lesson with signore veltroni . where the Grand affair of Education be concerned , there 's no excuse for half - measure ! ( to Sir reginald , loudly ) be not it key to cultivate she voice , Sir ? a '' nightingale , '' do not you say ? Sir reginald be a little loud always . sir reginald yes , that 's right . the '' kentish nightingale '' I call she . susan a delightful appellation and perhaps , with a teacher such as signore veltroni , it could even become true . frederica , have you you thing ? lady decourcy . leave for London now ? we have so look forward to have frederica with we . 76 . susan how remarkable : only a few week ago it be hard to find anywhere for frederica , now the World fight for she company ! astonish . catherine astonish that she be neglect then , or be fight over now ? susan a excellent observation , dear sister -- but I will stop now , because I know my daughter hate to be praise . ( to reginald ) how be you , Sir ? I hope well . ( to frederica ) we should go . frederica Excuse I , mama , I must collect my thing . susan yes , you must -- we can not buy a new wardrobe for each displacement . frederica and Susan leave . lady decourcy the poor girl - do you see she face ? catherine I must talk to she and remind she that she will always have a home with we . lady decourcy ( look to Sir reginald ) or we . charle if you be refer to the past I doubt she mother will again risk misinterpretation . henceforth we can rest assure that Lady Susan will make clear to frederica the consideration and affection which guide she action . 77 . ext . london perspective - day Lady Susan 's carriage approach . ext . garden , edward STREET -- day alicia and Lady Susan walk along the sculpt path of the johnson 's garden . susan I have not go to the trouble of retrieve frederica from parkland to again be thwart ! Maria manware may sob , frederica whimper , and the vernon storm - but Sir James will be frederica 's husband before the winter 's out ! alicia you brilliant creature ! susan thank you , my dear . I be do submit my will to the caprice of other ; of resign my own judgment in deference to that to whom I owe no duty and feel little respect . too easily have I let my resolve weaken : frederica shall know the difference ! alicia you be too indulgent with the girl - - why let frederica have he , when you could grab he yourself ? susan Sir James ? alicia yes . I know you unselfish nature -- but can you afford to bestow Sir James on frederica while have no Sir James of you own ? a look of disagreeable surprise cross Susan 's face . meanwhile a footman approach . johnson footman ( address alicia ) madam , Mr. Johnson send word he return to dine . 78 . alicia thank you . susan ( whisper ) be you insulting I ? alicia just the opposite : I do not doubt you ability to get decourcy whenever you want he , but be he really worth have ? be not he father just the sort of enrage old man who will live forever ? how would you survive ? on the allowance that frederica , as Lady Martin , might grant you ? as guest at churchill ? I would rather be marry to my own husband than dependent on int . parkland -- day Catherine fold a letter she have just finish read to Lady decourcy ; the season have change . catherine ... we must protect she -- not just for she own but for she dear , late father 's . lady decourcy but what can we do ? catherine we must find the argument that will persuade she mother it 's in she own interest , which be of course she only guide . that will mean go to London ; fortunately Charles must have some business or other there to justify such a trip . lady decourcy what a marvellous husband you have ; Charles seem to live to oblige . catherine it 's true , I have be lucky -- Charles always seem to have some pretext or other for do just what 's want . Charles arrive from down the hall . 79 . catherine ( cont 'd ) dearest , I believe you have press business in London . charle oh , um , yes . int / ext -- upper seymour STREET , london -- day Lady Susan lead Charles and Catherine Vernon up the top of the stair toward the salon . susan ( call up the stair ) frederica ! ( to the vernon ) you be so kind to visit : frederica will be delighted . how be the child -- especially my dear Frederick ? catherine very well , thank you -- susan ( call up the stair ) frederica , come see who 's here ! ( to the vernon ) I can not express my gratitude for the hospitality you have extend we . charle not at all -- we great pleasure . frederica come down the stair , again in she former fearful mode . catherine hello , frederica . charle good afternoon , my dear . I hope you be well . frederica thank you -- it 's so good to see you . susan frederica , why do not you go upstairs and play a piece ? ( more ) 80 . susan ( cont 'd ) Select something charming to show you aunt and uncle what you have study . frederica with pleasure . frederica leave . susan ( to Charles ) do mind you head . he duck go through the door . susan ( cont 'd ) you will see the stride she 's be make - frederica play all the new music : haydn , himmel , Bernardini ... cherubini . they all sit . charle so you be happy with the progress she 's make ? susan ( a thoughtful pause , quite long ) yes ... only in a city such as London , I believe , could she have have such instruction . Charles turn to Catherine . charle well , if frederica be make such good progress in London -- that complicate matter ... susan what complication would that be ? charle we would hope frederica might return to churchill catherine she 's greatly miss , by the little one especially -- 81 . susan what a move sentiment of cousinly regard . my concern , my obligation , be to see the defect in frederica 's education repair . charle could we invite one of she teacher to churchill to continue she lesson there ? susan what a kind think . but this be London 's most seek - after master ; no invitation to a country retreat , even such a delightful one as churchill , be likely to be in they power to accept . charle perhaps a private tutor then -- susan might I confess something ? frederica and I have become such great friend it would be hard for I to part with she . you might have notice that , for a time , there be a strange tension between we . that have now happily disappear -- you can imagine how pleased I be . Catherine seem to sag . susan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , be you quite well ? catherine sorry -- we would so set we heart on frederica 's return . susan I understand completely . she 's become a agreeable companion -- even she tendency to extreme quiet I have grow to find rather soothing . ( a brief glance off ) but there be one factor that concern I : do she look quite well ? charle oh yes . 82. susan that be you impression ? London 's vaporous air be not , I worry , quite healthy for she . do she not seem pale ? catherine she do . the London air , this smoky gas , can not be salutary for she . Fresh , country air be what the young require . susan yes , how curious they be . for a moment a awkward silence descend , break by Charles : charle do not the town 's dank air favor the spread of influenza ? susan the influenza ? in London ? charle several case have be report -- it , after all , be the season for it . susan of all the disorder in the world , the risk of a influenza contagion be what I most dread for frederica 's constitution . catherine should not we consider then remove she from this danger ? susan what you say give I pause ... but it would be such a hardship to lose my daughter 's companionship just as I have come to rely on it -- and of course she study ... ext . upper seymour STREET -- day from she house Susan climb into Mrs. Johnson 's carriage , she spirit exultant . 83. susan congratulate I , my dear -- frederica 's aunt and uncle have take she back to churchill . alicia I think you have grow to enjoy frederica 's company so . susan comparatively . a bit . but I be not so self - indulgent as to want to wallow in the companionship of a child . the carriage approach the park . alicia alas , I fear this be we last meeting , at least while Mr. Johnson be in life . his business at hartford have become extensive . if I continue to see you he vow to settle in con-nect - i- cut forever . susan ( shocked ) you could be scalp !! susan ( cont 'd ) ( move , voice tremulous ) I always suspect that the great word " respectable " would one day divide we . you husband I abhor but we must yield to necessity . we affection cannot be impair by it and , in happier time , when you situation be as independent as mine , we will unite again -- for this I shall impatiently wait . she give alicia 's hand a last squeeze . alicia I also . susan May Mr. Johnson 's next gouty attack end more favorably ! the carriage pull to a stop near the palatial archway . Susan step down from it and look through the archway to where handsome , romantic manware wait . ext . churchill - day 84 . a month or more later , the season milder . a long view of two figure walk and talk animatedly in the garden -- frederica and reginald . int . churchill , MAIN hall - day a footman hand Charles Vernon correspondence which he look through -- one letter attract he particular attention . Catherine join he . charle do you know where frederica be ? Lady Susan 's write she . int . churchill , gold room -- day Catherine look for frederica , just return form she walk . catherine frederica .... frederica ! frederica come ! catherine frederica -- a letter from you mother ! frederica arrive in walk clothes - follow by reginald . frederica thank you , aunt Catherine . what do she say ? catherine she 's write to you herself . frederica take the close envelope and open it . join they . frederica my mother and Sir James Martin have wed ! reginald what ?! how could that happen ? how could they possibly marry ? Charles 85 . charle to what do you refer ? both be free to do so : he a bachelor , Susan a widow . reginald Sir James Martin be a fool . catherine well , a bit of a '' rattle , '' perhaps . reginald a bit of a rattle ? he 's a complete blockhead ! charle well , there be three possible explanation as I see it : first , perhaps Sir James have more merit than we have allow -- reginald no . charle second , perhaps , in order to secure you future , frederica , you mother think it necessary to make a prudent match herself . frederica that could be the case . mama have always be concerned for my future . reginald and the third possible explanation ? charle that she -- come to love he . there be a say - " the heart have its strangeness , " or word to that effect . the heart be a instrument we possess but do not truly know . human love partake of the divine , or at least have in my case . Charles look to Catherine who respond with a sweet smile . charle ( cont 'd ) I believe you will find it in rousseau 's writings -- Julie , or the New heloise I think . ( more ) 86 . charle ( cont 'd ) I will confirm the citation if you be interested . reginald I just find it incomprehensible that so brilliant a woman could marry such a pea brain ... or peas brain . charle this happen all the time . Catherine smile at he . reginald it strain credulity . charle certainly -- as you have say -- ( nod to Catherine ) Sir James be no '' Solomon , '' but if he can give Lady Susan the happiness and security which the sad event of recent year deprive she , then he 's someone I and all of we should value . frederica I very much agree , uncle , we all should -- I wish they every happiness in they life together . int . edward ST. , MAIN parlor - day Sir James Martin , in very good spirit , follow alicia Johnson into the room . alicia I congratulate you , Sir James , on a match I long favore : there 's a rightness to you be together -- not that any man could really deserve Lady Susan . sir jame I agree most heartily ... and I have the pleasure of add that double congratulation be in order . alicia what ? 87 . sir jame the most beautiful woman in England - present company except - will soon be the most beautiful mother . yes , I be to be a father . alicia marvelous ! you certainly do not delay matter ... congratulation , Sir ! the footman bring in the elaborate tea service ; alicia mix the tea . sir jame yes . the very morning after the wedding Lady Susan hint at the happy news - which be shortly confirm . alicia how truly marvelous ! sir jame I be as proud as you can imagine . the sound of a wheeze sob off screen . sir jame ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? alicia ( whisper ) such a burden . when Lord and Lady manware separate , Mr. Johnson -- who be Lucy manware 's guardian -- invite she to live with we . sir jame really ? what upset she ? alicia the separation still . she keep on about it . sir jame what ? alicia all this carry on about a marriage that end week ago . if a woman fail to please she husband -- why go on about it , advertising one 's failure ? ( more ) 88. alicia ( cont 'd ) why announce to the world that the man who know you best would rather be with someone else ? sir jame it seem as if Lady manware have fail to consider the difference between the sex . for a husband to wander be not the same as vice versa . if a husband stray , he 's merely respond to he biology - that be how man be make . ( smile complacently ) but for a woman to act in a similar way be ridiculous , unimaginable . just the idea be funny : ( laugh ) hew , hew , hew ... hew , hew . alicia oh yes -- could not agree more , quite funny : ha , ha , ha . they sit . from the silver samovar alicia pour the water over the tea . sir jame I rather blame Lady manware 's scene- make for drive she husband away . but she loss have be we gain . as a result of all the trouble she solicitor cause , we have have he with we this past week . alicia that 's not inconvenient ? sir jame not at all . Capital fellow . could not get on better -- love to hunt , small and large game . excellent to have a guest and the talk which come with it . of course Lady Susan 's sharp but it 's easier to talk with a fellow , particularly one who share one 's interest .... before long we will have another guest . alicia frederica ? 89 . sir jame ( laugh ) no . of course , the baby . the door burst open - Lady manware , distraught and dishevel , enter . lady manwaring manware ? manware ? have you see my husband ? what have you be say , Sir ? tell I . how ... be he ? sir jame well , madam , very well , I believe . could not be better . Lady manware leave sobbing . alicia tea ? sir jame quite . ext . chapel at churchill -- day as guest enter the chapel Sir James Martin 's carriage pull up . Sir James Martin , a very pregnant Lady Susan , and manware alight from it , Sir James step slightly ahead : sir jame ( pleased , then confuse ) so , here 's the Church ! but , where 's the hill ? do not see it . ( look around ) do not seem to be one -- strange . odd . Sir James step toward the portal as other guest enter the church . manware look handsome -- and content . int . chapel at churchill -- day immediately after the wedding , guest crowd around the portal hold the green garland arch . the crowd cheer & throw wheat as the newlywed -- frederica and reginald -- pass beneath . little charlotte vernon , advance with she parent Catherine and Charles Vernon call out to the couple : little charlotte vernon God bless you all ! 90 . int . churchill , MAIN hall -— - day the joyous arrival of wedding guest to the hall of churchill for cake and further celebration , within which there be small grouping : --a footman place a beautiful light blue wedding cake on the table . -- frederica with Charles Vernon and Sir reginald and Lady decourcy : charle you mother must be very proud . frederica and I be enormously grateful to she . without my mother 's effort I would never have find such happiness . do excuse I . -- the Young curate speak with Catherine Vernon : curate oh , no . that would be the ninth . -- Lady Susan , manware and Sir James Martin in another grouping : sir jame you must be most proud of frederica . susan I would not say '' proud '' -- I be glad that I be able to attend to she Education . my daughter have show herself to be cun and manipulative -- I could not be more pleased : a Vernon will never go hungry . Sir James raise a cheerful toast while Susan and manware exchange a passionate glance . -- Sir reginald and Lady decourcy with Charles Vernon : lady decourcy we must ask frederica to sing . charle that would be delightful . ( confide ) the '' Surrey songbird , '' we call she . 91 . Sir reginald seem irritate . sir reginald what ? no , she 's the kentish nightingale -- always call she that . '' Surrey songbird '' -- nonsense , rubbish ... ridiculous . Wilson the butler announce : wilson lady and gentleman , Mr. reginald decourcy ! -- the crowd turn to reginald , stand with a beam and lovely frederica : reginald over the past month I have continue to be startle by frederica 's loveliness and good - heart . I have want to write some verse as a memorial to this discovery -- but they be now so extensive they would form a volume so I will just read this few line : ( read from he note ) blest though ' she be with ev'ry human grace , the mien [ " mean " ] engage , and bewitch face ... Sir reginald look confuse : sir reginald '' mien engage ? '' charle yes , '' mien '' -- appearance or countenance -- from the french '' mine , '' I believe . I could find you the reference . on the raise step reginald complete recite the verse to frederica : reginald yet still a higher beauty be she care , virtue , the charm that most adorn the fair . 92 . the crowd cheer -- various reaction shot from the other side of the room . Sir James Martin , particularly pleased , raise he glass in a toast , Lady Susan and manware exchange a devote look . -- on the raise step now frederica alone and a happy reginald below continue : frederica as you may already know I take Lady decourcy 's request as command and therefore I will sing this piece ... the crowd gather to hear . frederica ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) over the mountain and over the wave , under the fountain and under the grave , under flood that be deep , which Neptune obey over rock that be the steepest , Love will find out the way . as frederica sing , she voice beautiful , the reaction shot from all concerned , the very pregnant Lady Susan and other , end with Sir reginald and Lady decourcy 's affectionate embrace . frederica ( cont 'd ) you may esteem he a child for he might , or you may deem he a coward from he flight . but if she , whom Love doth honor , be conceal from the day set a thousand guard upon she , Love will find out the way . as the music swell , credit roll .