eddie murphy judge reinhold JOHN ashton beverly hill cop screenplay by Eric dickson base on character create by Daniel petrie , Jr. and danilo bach fade in : ext . shipping dock / pier 13 - dusk super : long beach , california a heavy cargo freighter be moment from docking - and it 's the most beautiful scene ever as the sun 's bright orange ray beam through the center of the ship , across the smooth water . Pov - binoculars someone be watch the ship closely as this private eye cover one end of the vessel to the other . the busy crew prepare they eminent dock . back to scene ext . highway - dusk the binocular lower to reveal harry phan ( 5as ) , chinese , three thousand dollar suit and million dollar smile . Harry stand by he custom mercede limousine . out of the limo 's backseat step eddie stone ( 5as ) , gray , bald , hard as a rock . he speed dial a number on he cell . eddie ( into cell ) move it in . ext . front gate / pier 13 - dusk a small security cubicle sit next to a slide chain - link gate align with barb wire . a heavy set guard poke he head out a window as a primo' pizza delivery van approach . guard can I get you name , please ? driver I get a order for twelve large pepperonis . the guard check he clipboard . the driver play it cool . guard I do not see you on the list . driver look , man . I do not know anything about who order what or none of that . I just deliver the pie . I be tell to be here at exactly five forty five , on the dot . the guard check a wall clock which read 5:45 pm and spot the cargo ship approach the dock . he give the driver a head up , open the gate . the van enter . int . warehouse / holding area — dusk several dock worker and warehouse employees use forklift to load and unload heavy crate and pallet into various corner . enter the pizza van . it park in one of the busier area . the driver step out as he 's instantly approach by a un-amuse warehouse manager . manager the hell you think you be do ? this be a restrict area . the driver be really terrel '' T - bone '' stigg ( 20 ) , thin , black , the creepiest red eye you have ever see . he pull a forty five -- press it against the man 's head . stigg to the back of the van . make a sound and I blow you brain all over you shoe . stigg walk he hostage to the rear of the van . stigg ( cont 'd ) open it . the manager open the rear two door of the van . several armed men dress as dock worker jump from the vehicle and charge the room . all brand high tech automatic weapon . the man split in pair of two , cover every corner . they be quick and concise - professional . series of shot one by one -- dock worker be pull from forklift at gunpoint . -- two armed gunmen pass a large window and see a office worker behind he desk . they riddle the window with gunfire as the clerk dive for cover . e./i. front gate / pier 13 - dusk stigg slowly walk up on the rear door of the security cubicle as he charge in , draw down on the guard . stigg shut you eye . the guard squeeze they shut , like a scared child . stigg strike he over the head . ext . front gate / pier 13 - dusk a large k - 9 unit truck mark U.S. custom service stop at the security window . stigg , now dress as a security guard , poke he head through the open hole . the custom agent greet he . custom agent how're you doin ' today ? stigg better than you . stigg point a mp5 assualt weapon in the driver 's window and unload on the custom agent - blow piece of he on the dash . stigg crack a toothy grin . ext . cargo ship / pier 13 - dusk a long stick crane remove a steel shipping container from the ship , slowly lower it to the pier . watch from the ground be Harry phan , Eddie Stone , and several of Harry 's man . Harry be ear to ear smile as he slowly puff away at a cigarette . just as the ship container touch the dock , Eddie give a head up to four of the man . all armed and tote heavy backpack . the man hump it up the gangway and into the vessel . int . warehouse / holding area — dusk a flat nose towing rig haul in the steel shipping container take from the ship . it park with the rear end face Harry and he gunman . int . cargo ship / engine room - dusk Harry 's man strategically place they backpack on the oil and scum ride floor . fuel gauge , switch and meter cover the room from ground to ceiling . int . warehouse / holding area — dusk Harry , Eddie and the other watch as one of the gunman unhook the lock mechanism from the rear of the container -- swing open the door . Harry watch as two of he man use tire iron to pry open a wooden crate . dozen of box mark in chinese write be stack one on top of the other . Harry open one of the box and pull out a cylinder shape can of dry cereal . he pop off the lid and pour the cereal over the other case . small plastic baggy of crystal meth drop from the can . ext . warehouse / receiving deck - dusk a large semi truck and trailer back into the open dock . int . warehouse / receiving deck - dusk a forklift finish load the last of the wooden crate into the back of the trailer . Harry watch as he man hook and lock the back of the semi 's trailer . they be fast , precise . ext . cargo ship / pier 13 - dusk Eddie , stand by the limo , give the go ahead . eddie ( into walkie ) it 's time . int . cargo ship / engine room - dusk one of Harry 's man respond to Eddie 's call through a two - way walkie . harry man # 1 Roger . he throw up a hand signal to the other three man . in unison , the other man reach into they bag and start a digital timer : 10:59 , 10:58 , 10:57 ... all four man quickly retreat . ext . cargo ship / pier 13 - dusk Harry join Eddie in the back of the limo as the mercede pull away , leave the pizza delivery van on the dock . int . cargo ship / mid deck - dusk the hostage be line up like duck in a row . all with they hand on they head . five gunman draw down on they with automatic weapon , watch they like hawk . stigg unhook a empty shipping container as the hostage be force inside , one at a time . stigg let 's go ! move it ! stigg shove the last of the hostage inside and quickly lock they up . stigg and the rest of Harry 's team retreat . ext . cargo ship / pier 13 - night stigg and he team load into the back of the pizza delivery van as it speed from the dock and out the front gate . the cargo ship erupt in a giant blaze of FIRE . the force of the explosion be so strong it shoot the flame two hundred foot into the air . ext . harry phan's estate - day a black hummer twist its way up a steep and wind driveway . the surround foliage be green and full of life . a beautiful sight . Harry 's posh mansion hide behind some shrubbery . the hummer circle a giant water fountain . a culdesac lead they to the front of the home . out step -- Eddie Stone and two more man . from the front seat step diego riviera ( 30 ) , Cuban - american , sharply dress , trim beard . from the back step he partner hal benson ( 40s ) , age , world weary , dark , tired eye , sloppy . and this man be two of lapd 's not - so-finest . benson and Diego stare at the grounds in a state of awe . they be both reluctant to follow Stone 's lead . ext . terrace / harry game room - day Harry , benson and Diego hover over the balcony rail , stare down at a hopping pool party with several twenty - somethings , young man and woman , swim , sunbathing , drink . harry they be street urchin when I find they . lose , angry soul . no family , no job . nothing to live for . dispose of by society . you find someone like this . feed they . Cloth they . give they shelter . provide they with mean beyond they wildest imagination . along with a steady supply of whatever poison they be pollute they body with ... and they become loyal as lapdog . Diego observe the crowd - unimpress . diego I do not know . they do not look so dangerous to I . Harry smile . harry come . I have something to show you . Harry lead the man back inside - as they pass a heat game of pool between two hot bikinis , one of which be smoking meth from a glass pipe . ext . harry shoot range - day about a dozen of Harry 's stray be fire pistol and automatic weapon at paper target . Young man and woman . Harry walk Diego and benson down the line . harry as you can see , it 's not all fun and game . there 's a small price to pay for sit in the lap of luxury . I keep my soldier sharp . all highly train , highly skilled in whatever mission I see fit . benson peek through some venetian blind at a whole couch full of young women in thousand dollar gowns , line up in a row , take turn go down on one of Harry 's goons . a special kind of training . Harry lead the two man onto a outside deck with a full bar and a stone fire pit , leather chair , swank couch . he pour the man a shot of scotch . harry ( cont 'd ) I be building a empire . Soldiers loyal to I . ready to carry out my vision . to follow order ... without question . he hand benson and Diego they drink , as the partner share a quick look . harry ( cont 'd ) tell I where you can find that kind of loyalty in you police department . harry ( cont 'd ) that 's where you gentleman come in . as I say , I have be spoil they far too much . the problem with kid ... you spoil they ... they get greedy . and they get sloppy . go into business for themselves . and then they get catch . I can not have my name mention every time one of my people get bust slinging dime bag to school kid . benson what do you want from we ? Harry grab two manila file from the bar 's surface , hand they to Diego and benson . harry I need certain people off the street . mister Stone tell I you be the man for the job . Diego peek into a rear window and watch as one of the lady of the evening drop she evening gown to the carpet and unbutton she bra . Harry step closer to Diego , grab he attention . harry ( cont 'd ) I have compile some list for you man . the name on this list have become a serious problem for I . I need you to dig up they record . find any mean necessary to make the charge stick . Diego open he file and take a look . diego you want we to frame up every name on this list ? harry you do not understand , detective . I be not ask you to arrest they . Diego check with he partner , who be just as unsure . ext . store front / venice boulevard - day a young thug in black tank - top , wild swim trunk and jailhouse tat , wander back and forth at a corner stop sign . this be ANTHONY ( 22 ) Anthony use a ipod to pass the time . just a few foot from he , park at a curb , be he black porsche boxster . he greet another young surfer type and he girl with a quick hand shake and a hug . a dope deal . Anthony play a air drum solo just as Harry 's limousine creep up from behind . Anthony spot it , book it up the sidewalk . Eddie Stone and stigg step from the backseat . they chase after Anthony , who be catch by two more of Harry 's soldier . soldier # 1 force he to the ground and pull car keys from he pants pocket , throw they to Stone . Stone and soldier # 2 head for Anthony 's porsche while stigg and soldier # 1 escort Anthony to the limo , toss he in the back . int . harry limo - day stigg and Harry 's soldier on each side of Anthony , watch he like a hawk . Anthony scared for he life as he spot the barely visible face of Harry phan across from he . Harry lean in closer , hold a cigar in one hand , a scotch in the other . harry hello , Anthony . how 's business ? Anthony stall , sweat guilt like a stick pig . ANTHONY great , mister phan . I have just be out here , generate some business for you . you know how it be . harry so ... on top of steal from I , you be insulting my intelligence . 10 ANTHONY ( beg ) it 's not like that . Harry , please . stigg flip open a switchblade , rub it up and down Anthony 's neck . harry we have a deal , Anthony . I give you everything . a roof , money , pleasure well beyond you mean . all I have ask for in return be you loyalty . when I trust you with my business , I trust you with my life . ANTHONY please , Harry . you can trust I . I just lose my head for a minute . I be sorry . harry I be afraid you word be not good enough . if I be to trust you with my life ... I will need reassurance . stigg crack a evil grin . Anthony notice . harry ( cont 'd ) I hear you and Lisa be quite the item this day . ANTHONY hey , man . do not hurt she . please . harry you associate mister degrassi have refuse a sit down . on top of this , you have be use my product to help you goomba friend bankroll they filth . you be involvement with this man have all but paint a target on my back for the police . ( dead serious ) I tell you what would happen if you cross I . do not I ? Anthony 's chest heave , sweat like crazy , beyond scared . 11 harry ( cont 'd ) you take what be most important to I . the way I see it , Anthony , there 's only one way to make thing right between we . ANTHONY I will do whatever you want I to do . int . casting couch production - day nick degrassi ( 30 ) , a real grease ball with slicked back hair and a silk shirt with palm tree , lean in he swivel chair , foot kick up on he desk , balance a pencil on he nose . in walk he busty secretary tiffany ( 20 ) tiffany Excuse I , Nick . a Lisa Huber be here for you . Nick do not budge from he relaxed position . nick tell she I be busy . tiffany she say she 's a friend of tony 's . that you be expect she . Nick quickly sit up , the pencil spill to the floor . nick she 's one of tony 's girl , huh ? send she in . Nick squirt some breath spray as Tiffany step out and shut the door behind she . in walk lisa huber ( 20 ) , thin , malnutrition -ed , pale , but all dolled up for she audition . she 's the girl next door type with a pair of leg that go all the way up . Nick size she up . he crack a small grin . nick ( cont 'd ) so . tony tell I you be very talented . 12 Lisa awkwardly cross she arm , cover she expose cleavage . nick ( cont 'd ) so tell I something , Teresa . just how talented be you ? lisa actually , it 's Lisa . and I be not real sure I know what you mean . nick yeah , I just bet you do not . but I be hip . you like to play the clueless schoolgirl routine , twirling you little hair , act all lose and helpless . Nick bounce in he chair , nodd , bite he bottom lip with a look of pure lust across he face . nick ( cont 'd ) I bet you do that to all the boy , do not you ? Lisa look increasingly uncomfortable as Nick 's creepy stare burn a hole in she chest . lisa be not there a script or something ? Nick smile as he push away from he desk , wheel he chair into the open and unbutton he fly . nick Nah . consider this more of a oral interview . Lisa 's eye twitch , lip quiver with hate . she clumsily pull a silence twenty - two from she purse and fire three shot into Nick 's chest . i./e. nick's office - day Lisa quickly exit , anxious , sweat . the outside wait area be wall to wall with nubile young woman , all dress to kill , put on makeup and do they hair . 13 int . stairwell / casting couch production - day Lisa storm into the staircase with she purse dangle from she arm , breathe hard , run for she life . she almost run over two hotties come up the step . she push straight through they . they turn and stare , piss off , ready to scrap . hottie # 1 check the fuck yield sign ! ext . casting couch production / office build - day Lisa run into the street , cell phone in hand , still breathe hard , stare in both direction . lisa tony , where the hell be you ?! Lisa spot tony 's familiar porsche boxster creep around a corner as she smile in relief . and all of a sudden ... the porsche squeal its tire , barrel toward Lisa at a crazy speed as she smile turn to sheer panic . pow ! the force of the collision send Lisa tumble over the roof of the car , crash onto the asphalt . the porsche speed off . ext . loa chen' asian fusion - day the porsche boxster rush into the busy parking lot of this posh , high class eatery , stop near a young valet . out of the porsche step Eddie Stone and one of Harry 's man , back from they mission . Stone hand the car keys to the valet , who quickly park the porsche in a empty spot near the front . 14 int . loa chen' asian fusion - day Anthony hover over Harry as he sit in a private , reserve spot near the kitchen , finish he meal with a swig of saki . stigg and some of Harry 's crew have join he for lunch as they sip beer and watch a sniveling Anthony beg , grovel for forgiveness . ANTHONY so , that 's it ? we be square ? Harry wipe he mouth with a linen napkin . harry for now . Anthony check with stigg , who be ear to ear smile . he 's a bit unsure as he slowly back toward the door . ANTHONY thank you . like I say , I will make it up to you . whatever you need , I be yours . harry of course . because without trust , what do we have ? would not you agree ? ANTHONY of course . Anthony finally turn , hurry for the front door . Harry , stigg and the other man share a smile . they know a little something Anthony do not . ext . lao chen' asian fusion - day Anthony wait by the door as the valet pull he porsche to the front . the valet jump out as a anxious Anthony crawl in and shut the door . 15 int . porsche boxster - day Anthony notice he glove box be open and a load gun rest inside . ANTHONY what the hell ...? Anthony grab the weapon , give it a once over . before he know what 's go on -- benson and diego draw down on he with twelve gauge shotguns . benson Police ! turn off the engine and step out of the car ! ANTHONY oh , shit . Diego cover the passenger side as benson move for the driver 's window . diego Drop it ! Anthony panic and fire through the passenger window . bam ! bam ! the shot miss Diego by a mile as he and benson unload round after round from they shotguns . benson and Diego empty they weapon into the porsche , blowing shard of glass all over the pavement . they observe Anthony 's body , and then each other . there 's a look of shame and regret on they face as a thick smoke still loom in the air . and then -- the metallic hum of a familiar song begin to build in the b.g. as the two cop observe they handy work . CUT to : 16 ext . dexter avenue / highland park , MI - night '' the heat be on '' burst onto the screen along with a red 1967 pontiac gto convertible . behind the wheel be none other than axel foley ( 5as ) , black pimp suit with white stripe , match hat and dark shade . axel rest a arm on the side of he door as he cruise the run down district of highland Park . title card : '' beverly hill cop '' roll credit as we observe --— -- a drunk on the street . -- kide on a basketball court . one body check the other and a fight ensue . -- a hooker at the point , make a date . she pull out a tight wedgie from she mini-skirt , poke she head in a car window . ext . tito brown' pool and bar - night axel 's gto pull a quick u-turn , park against a curb outside of this dingy , sketchy look joint . out step axel in he slick but flashy pimp get-up . as he strut he way to the door George jefferson style , a crew of hooligan swarm around he ride , one with a basketball under he arm , fresh off the court . hooligan # 1 use a tape measure on he front leave rim . int . tito brown' pool and bar - night in walk axel , as the unimpress , dress down crowd turn and stare at the clown suit by the door . '' Ohio player '' blast on the juke . a thick smoke linger in the air . axel twirl a tooth pick in he mouth , observe the smoke fill room of thug , low - life and hooker . the girl , gather at the bar , paint up , weave and wig , texting , chew gum , bored . other local shoot stick , play card , swill beer . 17 axel feel they contempt as he make he way through the table and to a corner booth where he meet with -- rudy valentine ( 40s ) , wannabe thug , hood jump suit , smoking a philly blunt , a chubby heart attack wait to happen . rudy nearly jump from he seat as axel approach , clumsy , too anxious . he shake he hand , throw he a hug . rudy yo , boogie Ray , what 's up , brother ? lookin ' good . axel jerk away . axel first of all ... do not touch the suit ! second , never mind that shit ! third , where the girl at ?! rudy be cool , brother . they just runnin ' a little late , that 's all . have a seat and relax . axel I be not get time to relax . I will relax when I get home . right now , I be workin' . I be doin ' business , and from where I be standin ' , you be not ready for business , and you be wastin ' my fuckin ' time . so fuck you and good night . axel turn to leave . rudy chase he down . rudy I can get they here in five minute . they just a phone call away . axel hey , man . I know bullshit when I smell it , okay ? you say ten o'clock and the girl would be here . I see bitch at the bar , bitch playin ' pool , and you in the corner like you sittin ' in the no pussy section . time be money and you costin ' I money . I be outta here . 18 once again , axel race for the door and rudy grab he arm . rudy look , I say they will be here , okay , now settle down and have a seat . I get you a hennessey and coke . axel stare down at rudy 's hand on he arm . rudy back off . axel do not have I standin ' around ... like a asshole ! I get business to take care of ! you do not want my business , I will take my big ass bag of money elsewhere ! the crowd all take notice , turn and stare at axel and rudy as rudy grow nervous . rudy I will not man . now sit down and shut up for a second . alright ? axel head to the booth . rudy take a seat across from he . rudy I can get she here in five minute . just cool out . axel what 's this she , bullshit ? I say girl ! as in two very specific girl ! a redhead and a mulatto ! the word on the street be you be the man to talk to ! you better not be goin ' back on we deal ! like you fuckin ' with johnny the banana man here ! rudy okay , it 's like this . the redhead 's down . she 's a pro , be workin ' the street for five year , ready for business . but she friend , she 's new to the life . she 's a little unsure , but say if the money 's right , she 's ready to talk . axel give he a unsure look . a slight grin . 19 axel cut the bullshit . what do you want ? rudy so it 's like this , brother . money talk and bullshit walk . you show I the green and I will make the call . I can get they here in ten minute . axel ten minute ? what happen to five ? rudy look , you wanna do business or not ? axel pull a brown envelope from he suit pocket , hand it under the table to rudy , who fan it out , give it a look . rudy ( cont 'd ) sit tight . I will be back . rudy jump for the table , head for the door as axel make for the men' room . int . men' room / tito brown be - night axel lock himself in a stall , speed dial a number on he droid as he nervously peek through the crack . axel ( into phone ) hey , it 's I . be you sit down ? int . kenan marcus house - night axel 's client kenan marcus ( 5as ) , black , ex con , a strikingly large , but tired look man slowly take a seat on he couch . a very worried look shoot across he face . kenan I be now . what be it ? axel ( 0.s. ) I find she . kenan shut he eye in peaceful relief . 20 kenan do not mess with I , axel . not now . kenan grip a old family photo of he , he blonde wife and gorgeous daughter lola marcus ( 14 ) , big green eye , perfect smile , mulatto . int . men' room / tito brown be - night axel still in the bathroom stall as he peek through the thin crack of the door . axel I be not . my guy on the street say she 's cribbing with a girlfriend at this guy rudy Valentine 's house . rudy just confirm it about two minute ago . she 's on she way . kenan ( 0o.s . ) she 's meeting you there ? axel now , look . I do not want you come down here and scare they off . you can see she soon enough , but I be gonna need at least a couple hour . kenan ( 0o.s . ) she 's in trouble , be not she ? forget it . I be comin ' down there . axel look . do not I say you need to trust I on this ? trust I . you comin down here be a real bad idea . sit tight and you guy will be together soon enough . right now , I need a couple hour to get this deal do . alright ? int . kenan marcus house - night kenan , still stare at the photo , wander back and forth on he live room carpet , a tear in he eye . kenan yeah , alright . but nothing ... I mean nothing better happen to she , foley . 21 int . tito brown' pool and bar - night axel come back from he trip to the men' room and spot lola marcus ( 21 ) , all grow up , beautiful , and friend reena o'brien ( 20 ) , redhead , big hair , cover in freckle and tatt . the two friend remove they coat and take a seat at the same table where rudy and axel be sit . rudy be nowhere to be find . axel survey the room . he check the front door and spot rudy quickly make he way out just as -- two masked men -- enter and pull two silence uzis from they trench coat and aim straight for axel . axel run , leap behind the bar , just as the masked Men unload round after round in he direction . the bottle behind the bar explode as bullet rip they to shred and patron dive for cover . masked man # 1 hurry over to lola and reena , cower in they seat , hand over they head . the shooter remove he mask . it 's none other than terrel T bone stigg . lola stare up at he just as stigg drop and reload a magazine . masked man # 2 come on , man ! hurry up ! lola and reena make a run for the door . axel pop up from behind the bar and take a few shot at stigg as he tip over a table , use it as cover . masked man # 2 return axel 's fire as he cower behind the bar . stigg spot lola and reena make for the door . he cock he weapon , riddle they both with bullet . the two girl fall to the floor . a bloody mess . stigg and he partner retreat out the door . axel 's head pop up from behind the bar , get a closer look at stigg . 22 axel leap over the railing , run to the two girl on the floor , bleed , die . lola 's dead eye stare back at he . ext . tito brown' pool and bar - night axel lean against he gto , hold a rag against he bloody head as he watch the coroner load lola into a meat wagon . uniform cop question several patron loom around outside as the lead investigator , detective morris ( 40s ) curly hair , short and pudgy , take a statement from a hooker with orange hair and a leopard dress . he obnoxiously snap at he gum as he approach axel . morris you know , foley , I think we be all do with you for good . guess I should know better by now . axel yeah , I guess you should . morris so who be that two girl ? no , wait . let I guess . New business associate of yours ? axel my head 's fine . thanks for ask . morris oh , yeah ? well I get some news for you , smartass . we get two workin ' girl here . and whoever hit they go after you first . judge by the way you be dress , one might get the wrong idea . axel the black girl 's lola Marcus . her old man just finish a ten year stint at Jackson for armed robbery . after a few hundred phone call and letter to he daughter go unanswer , he hire I to find she . Morris shake he head with disgust . 23 morris this lola find out she old man be get out of the joint and go into hide . next thing you know someone try to burn all three of you . pretty wild coincidence do not you think ? axel give he a dirty look and take a stroll up the sidewalk . axel I know what you be think and you be wrong . morris be I ? he be a ex con , right ? axel I know this guy . there 's no way he have anything to do with it . all he want for the last ten year be a chance to see he baby girl again . axel watch with sincere sadness and regret as the coroner 's van pull away from the curb . axel ( cont 'd ) now he get to identify she at the morgue . morris okay , smart guy , so who be it then ? axel face he . axel rudy Valentine . ( beat ) a couple week back , lola hook up with the redhead and the two of they move in with redhead 's sister at she boyfriend 's house . that 's rudy . I put the word out I be lookin ' for a couple of girl and cut a deal with he . axel just 24 morris be that it ? axel what do you mean ...' be that it ' ? what else do you need ? it 's obvious whoever want lola dead know I be lookin ' for she . they pay rudy to turn the other cheek and set all three of we up . morris that 's great , but it do not answer the million dollar question . why do they want you ? axel who know ? I have be doin ' some ask around about lola . maybe they finger I as a cop . morris yeah ? well I get news for you , foley . you be not a cop anymore . so do we all a favor and stay out of this one . smile and walk off . Morris follow behind . morris ( cont 'd ) if you be think about goin ' after Valentine , you can forget it . alex oh , yeah ? why 's that ? morris cos he 's dead . axel stop in he track , face Morris . axel what ? morris cop just find he at a stoplight with he engine run and he throat slit . this lola girl sound like she be run with a real nice crowd , huh ? 25 axel look , this girl 's father be a friend of mine . whatever she be into , he need to hear it from I first . Morris observe axel 's face . a unsure look . morris stay out of this case . axel look , he trust I to find out what be goin on with he daughter and to bring she home . I do not know if you notice , but she die on my watch . Morris stall . he finally crack . morris okay , foley . Fine . it 's not like we have much to go on . Morris open up a file on lola Marcus . morris ( cont 'd ) ( read ) lola Marcus , twenty -one . last know address , 426 lincoln Avenue , Detroit . it look like the last six month be clean . September of last year , she 's bust on a possession charge in l.a . it appear you girl spend some time out there . between April and September , she rack up over four thousand buck in parking and traffic citation . like I say , after September she go off the grid . we get nothing on she . Morris shut the file . morris ( cont 'd ) there . now you know as much as we do . axel nod and head to he car . morris ( cont 'd ) hey , foley ! stay outta this one ! 26 ext . beverly hill police department - day the surround palm tree stand tall and proud as they ruffle in the cool , midday breeze . officer and CITY worker file in and out of the building as a lone figure be see racing up the tall front step . this be -- lt . william '' billy '' rosewood , i.a.d. ( 55 ) , tuxedo , unbuttone collar and loose bow tie . he 's tote a heavy stack of file as he rush inside . int . internal affayr deposition room - day a visibly annoyed detective benson sit before a small Internal affair review board committee , head by rosewood and follow by -- lt . weinberg ( 40s ) , a short , elfish man , with black wire - rimmed glass too large for he thin face , and -- sgt . vaughn ( 40s ) , a intense look woman in a black business suit and jet black hair pull in a tight bun . weinberg accord to you report , detective , you first notice the suspect reach for he weapon upon enter the parking lot of Lao chen 's restaurant . ( beat ) but you partner maintain that you suspect do not make a move for he gun until after you approach the vehicle . benson yeah , well , that 's what I mean . as we be pull in , I see what look like he pop the glove box , and when my partner and I step out ... that 's when he go for he piece . weinberg check with Vaughn who nod with approval . weinberg thank you , detective . that will be all for now . 27 weinberg offer a insincere smile as rosewood look ready to jump out of he seat with impatience . rosewood that 's not all . weinberg you have something else for detective benson ? rosewood I be just curious about something , benson . benson shoot . Lt. Vaughn be put off by benson 's flippant attitude . benson ( cont 'd ) sorry . poor choice of word . rosewood well , I be wonder whether it be you or riveira who decide on that particular parking lot to detain you suspect . benson what be you get at ? rosewood it 's a simple question . benson neither . we run the tag and hit the light . the suspect pull into the lot and we follow . rosewood that 's interesting . I guess you do not know that Anthony larussa work at Lao chen 's as a full time waiter ? benson no , I guess I do not . it 's my first time hearing of it . be there a point to any of this ? 28 weinberg look increasingly annoyed by this line of question . he huff under he breath . weinberg if there be not any more question for the detective , I think this would be a good place to end . rosewood just one more question . weinberg and Vaughn roll they eye . rosewood ( cont 'd ) have you ever hear of phan enterprise ? this catch benson 's attention . he stay strangely quiet as he avoid eye contact . weinberg okay . I think that 's enough for today . thanks for come in , detective . benson just smile at rosewood as he slowly stand . benson yeah . no problem . let 's do it again sometime . benson head out . rosewood shake he head with contempt for the officer as he watch he leave . int . internal affayr division / hallway - day rosewood and weinberg walk side by side toward a elevator as neither look very happy with one another . weinberg that be great , rosewood . very subtle . Bill rosewood , cape crusader of all thing corrupt . vice cop run a ring of homeless dealer and prostitute ? weinberg chuckle . weinberg ( cont 'd ) I think I hear it all before . 29 rosewood the eye never lie . weinberg what ? rosewood his eye . you see how he react when I mention phan 's name ? weinberg probably because he do not know what the hell you be talk about . for week you be after this Harry phan character , and for what ? all you get be the word of one crack up hooker lookin ' to get over on a cop . rosewood a hooker who happen to disappear . the two man enter a elevator . the door shut behind they . int . elevator - day ( continuous ) rosewood , now super annoyed , stare straight ahead , ignore he pester co-worker . weinberg so what now ? you gonna take on the whole force every time a bust go sideways and some delinquent turn up dead ? rosewood if I have to . weinberg yeah , right . ( beat ) do yourself a favor and give it up . give it up before you lose what little credibility you have leave . the door open , off step weinberg , leave a pitiful look rosewood to ponder it all . 30 int . church / wedding chapel - day a big crowd be make they way in as a couple of groomsmen in tux stand at the door and greet friend and family . a large picture frame rest on a easel . the name JOHN taggert and jordan taylor be feature elegantly behind the glass . int . choir room - day the groom stand before a slide mirror door , fix he tie and run a couple finger through he hair . this be JOHN taggert , jr. ( 20 ) , shaggy , strawberry blonde hair , handsome , and strike a similar resemblance to he old man , if not for a neatly trim goatee . taggert ( 0o.s . ) if only you mother could see you . this voice belong to none other than JOHN taggert , sr . ( 60 ) , age , tired eye , and a bit grayer than we have see before . johnny you be not gonna make I start cry , be you , pop ? that 's the bride 's job . taggert you know that be she one regret . not be able to see this day . and to think ... I almost miss it . johnny be not happy with he tie , start over , a bit nervous to say the least . johnny well , you be here now . nothing else matter . taggert it do matter . I be suppose to be the strong one . the one that hold we all together . taggert intervene , help tie johnny 's knot . 31 taggert ( cont 'd ) I guess after you Mom pass ... I be not sure how to handle thing . it have be so long since I have to be a father . it make I realize something . johnny what 's that ? taggert I be not such a great father to you grow up . I let you mother handle thing at home while I be run around the street like a kid . taggert shake he head with regret , misty eye . taggert ( cont 'd ) I know you still resent I for that . and I be sorry . but I just want you to know that I be back . and I be not go anywhere . if it 's okay with you ... I wanna start over . taggert finish the knot . johnny smile . johnny sure , pop . johnny give he old man a long , overdue hug . in walk rosewood with a concerned look on he face . taggert and johnny both turn quickly wiping they tear . rosewood hey . we get less than ten minute and we be still miss a best man . taggert well go find he , billy . rosewood I know where he be . in the bathroom . I think he 's sick or something . he go in there ten minute ago and will not come out . this scare johnny as he race for the door . 32 int . church men' room - day behind a bathroom stall , smoking crystal meth from a glass pipe , be ricky jarvis ( 20 ) , sweaty , anxious , a real mess . his face , forehead and unbuttone shirt be soak . ricky take another monster hit and cough out loud . he lean he head against the stall door , squeeze he eye shut . int . men' room - day in run a worried johnny as he push in each of the stall door in search of ricky . he find he - pull he from the stall by he shirt collar and throw he against the door . johnny what the hell be you do ? you can not stop for a few hour ? johnny feel a strange bulge behind ricky 's tux jacket and yank out a thirty eight special . johnny ( cont 'd ) you be pack ? what 's the matter with you ? bring a gun to my wedding ? ricky they know , man ! they know ! that broad at the pit stop ! the one I tell you about ! she know it be I ! johnny you be be paranoid . it 's all that shit you be smokin’ . ricky Nah , man ! it 's that guy ! it 's that fuckin ' guy with the eye ! he 's be follow I ! I see he all week ! they know ! they know , man ! johnny clasp he hand over ricky 's mouth , keep he quiet as he keep a close eye on the door . 33 johnny you be gonna pull yourself together and get through the next couple of hour without embarrassing I . you get it ? johnny let go of he mouth , open the chamber on the thirty eight and empty the shell . johnny observe what a mess he buddy be . his tie loose , shirt undone and soak with sweat . johnny ( cont 'd ) clean yourself up , man . everyone 's wait . int . church sanctuary - day johnny and he bride to be stand side by side before a minister , while ricky , rosewood and the other groomsmen watch on . taggert sit in the first row and exchange a cordial smile with jordan' mother and father across the aisle . minister dearly belove : we be gather here , in the presence of God and of this company , that John taggert and Jordan Taylor may be united in holy matrimony . we be here to celebrate and share in the glorious act that God be about to perform - the act by which he convert they love for one another into the holy and sacred estate of marriage ... and through the rear two door strut axel in a leather jacket , jeans and sloppy sweatshirt . rosewood catch a glimpse of axel out of the corner of he eye and do a double-take . rosewood fuck I ! minister you disagree ? 34 the entire congregation , include taggert , turn and stare back at axel loom at the double door . taggert shut he tired eye and rub the bridge of he nose as he slump in defeat . axel just smile back at the curious crowd . axel how ya doin ' ?! carry on ! axel laugh . int . wedding reception - day Jordan 's arm around husband johnny as she swipe a handful of wedding cake frosting and smear he face . the crowd erupt with laughter . taggert , axel and rosewood sip some punch in the corner . taggert you still know how to make a entrance , foley . axel yeah , well , sorry I be late , but my invitation must have get lose in the mail . taggert hey . even I do not know about this wedding until a week ago . axel how 's that ? taggert I guess you could say I have be mia for awhile . it 's a long story . rosewood ( to axel ) speak of ... where the hell have you be ? I try to call you at least a dozen time the last couple year . no one down at the station even know who you be . 35 axel I have be mia for awhile . taggert and rosewood share a not so surprised smile . axel ( cont 'd ) it 's a long story . axel 's trademark laugh . taggert so what be you do out here ? axel actually , I be work a case . rosewood why be I not surprised ? the answer 's no , axel . axel you be not even hear what I gotta say . rosewood that 's right . and I wanna keep it that way while I can still hold on to my job . axel rest he hand on rosewood 's forehead , playfully check he temperature . axel who be you ? what have you do with rosewood ? taggert billy 's iad now , axel . axel be take aback . he hide a grin . rosewood that 's right . it mean I can not start World War III in the street every time you be in town . I be happy to see you and all , but do I the favor of keep I out of it . 36 rosewood walk off . axel be confuse while taggert shake he head . axel be he serious ? taggert I be afraid so . the bang of a knife on a champagne flute grab everyone 's attention . axel and taggert watch as ricky grab a mic and step to the center of the floor . ricky it 's about that time . time for I to say something nice about the bride and groom . as both John and Jordan already know ... I have never be very good in front of crowd . but because of they ... and they love and support ... I be alive today and bless to still have the opportunity talk to big crowd like you . to share my story to people who be struggle every day with drug and alcohol abuse . ( to John and Jordan ) people in die need of that same love and support you have give I . I feel grateful to be alive today to pay that same blessing forward . ricky be obviously high as John and Jordan can barely watch he toast . they sport a fake smile for the crowd . axel ( whisper ) what be he doin ' in that bathroom anyways ? a embarrassed taggert shoosh he . ricky I do not wanna take up too much time away from you guy . after all , this be you show . but I just wanna say one more thing . ricky be distract by stigg stand at the front door . 37 axel follow he look to the door , but stigg be now go . the crowd observe ricky 's unusual behavior . ricky ( cont 'd ) I just wanna say that ... ricky check the other side of the room for stigg . his face move through a crowd gather near the punch table . axel and taggert follow he look toward the punch table as axel recognize the evil , familiar face of stigg smile at ricky . axel oh , shit . taggert squint in confusion . taggert what ? ricky ( to crowd ) Excuse I . ricky drop the mic to the floor and book it for the front door as the crowd erupt with chatter . johnny quickly stand - survey the room for stigg . axel watch on as stigg race out the opposite door in pursuit of ricky . axel ( to taggert ) Excuse I . axel take off after he . taggert what the hell 's go on ? CUT to : ext . church / wedding chapel - day ricky burst through the front door of this massive church as he charge down the step with a purpose . he stop dead in he track as he spot -- 38 a green boss 302 scream around the corner with a machine gun dangle from the passenger window . ricky leap behind some bush to avoid be shot by the gunman just as axel run out a side door . the boss 302 brake in front of the church step . the gunman open fire in ricky 's direction as a bullet pass through the shrub and strike he in the leave arm . both johnny and Jordan run out the front door as Jordan almost trip on she dress . a stray bullet tear through she sleeve as johnny tackle she to the ground . axel charge down a glassy slope and stop on a sidewalk just behind the car 's rear windshield . he take aim : pow -pow -pow ! the three shot shatter the rear windshield as the flashy car speed off . axel run up the church step just as stigg hover over ricky , still hide behind the shrubbery . stigg smile and take aim . ricky squeeze he eye shut and curl up like a baby . axel take aim . axel hey ! stigg aim and fire just as axel dive for cover behind the cement wall . stigg turn back to ricky - but he 's long go . axel peek around the corner of the wall - notice both stigg and ricky be go . church step - later the flashing red and blue light of squad car be park at the base of the step as rosewood give he statement to a on-scene detective . axel and taggert rest on the top step as they watch the hopping mad bride pace back and forth , give johnny crap . 39 jordan what do I say about he be in the wedding ?! johnny roll he eye and rub he sore temple . jordan ( cont 'd ) it 's because of this shit ! once a junky always a junky ! he 's suppose to be you friend and he can not give you just one day ?! johnny look , there 's more to it than that , okay ? you do not know the whole story . taggert quickly turn , face he son . jordan there 's always a story with ricky ! I do not wanna hear it ! not today ! ( beat ) this be not suppose to be like this ! we be suppose to look back on today as the great day of we life ! now every time we look at we wedding picture , they will say 'hey ... that 's a real beautiful dress ! besides that huge fuck bullet hole rip in the sleeve ! johnny this be not he fault ! taggert quickly stand - interrupt they shouting match . taggert what be you talk about ? johnny hug he hip and turn he back on he dad . taggert ( cont 'd ) you know something about this ? if you know something , you better tell I . 40 johnny it 's complicated . it be not suppose to go down like this . jordan what be not suppose to go down like this ? axel join they . axel if you know who that guy be , you need to say so . johnny I do not know who they be . I just hear storey . ricky will not tell I . he 's scared to death of he . taggert him ? who 's he ? rosewood join the conversation . johnny before ricky get clean , he use to sling dope for this guy . he find he try to boost he car , and instead of turn he in to the cop , he offer he a briefcase full of cash to go work for he . ( beat ) at least that 's the story he give I . rosewood what 's he name ? johnny give rosewood a dirty look . johnny I tell you , I do not know ! taggert more importantly ... what 's this get to do with you ? johnny remain strangely quiet as he pace back and forth . 41 taggert ( cont 'd ) well ...? jordan answer he ! johnny the Super bowl , dad . it clean I out . Jordan and my nest egg . we down payment on the house , we honey moon . everything . go . Jordan 's jaw drop . taggert give he son a look of true and utter disappointment . jordan come again ?! you be kid , right ? taggert I think you be do with that . jordan yeah , so do I ! johnny ricky come up with this idea to get it all back . I tell he I be not interested , but you know when ricky get a idea in he head , you can not stop he -- taggert ( interrupt ) it 's too late for all that now . the damage be do . johnny he say he be gonna hit this place they call ' the pit stop ' . rosewood that gas station on mulholland ? johnny right . this guy he work for . he use it as a front to run drug and whore . take in anywhere from ten to twenty grand a night . in cash . 42 johnny ( cont 'd ) it 's the kind of money nobody report steal . taggert ( angry ) yeah , well , somebody notice it be miss , do not they ? johnny hang he head in shame . axel and rosewood watch taggert burn with ext . lax a stretch park at anger and disappointment . - flight departure - day limo with '' just married '' paint on the rear window be the curb while -- taggert bid farewell to johnny and he new bride , luggage and other personal by they side . johnny look , dad . I do not know when I can pay you back . taggert it 's okay . I never really get you a real wedding present . and remember what I say . do not come back until I tell you it 's safe . johnny what be you gonna do ? taggert we be gonna find ricky and the rest of that money and straighten this thing out . but I do not want you two to worry about it . I know too many cop in this town . I be not gonna let anything happen to any of you . johnny crack a half -heart smile . johnny thanks , pop . taggert now give I a hug . 43 johnny throw a arm around taggert while Jordan watch and smile . int . stretch limo - day rosewood and axel watch taggert and son from the backseat of the limo . the two sit across from one another . rosewood have a nice scotch while axel sip a can of soda . rosewood you know , I have hear of mom cry at wedding but never cos the bride get shot in the arm . axel look at the bright side . they could have kill she and not the dress . one day they be gonna look back on this and laugh they ass off . trust I . rosewood be not convinced . axel ( cont 'd ) well , maybe not , but check this out . axel reach in he coat , grab a wrinkle photograph of lola marcus and hand it to rosewood . rosewood who 's this ? axel lola Marcus . rosewood and who 's lola Marcus ? axel her father hire I to track she down after she disappear a few month back . she be stay in LA for the better part of last year until she get bust on a drug possession . rosewood I never see she . 44 axel she come back to Detroit and somebody kill she . rosewood you get any lead ? axel not until today . the guy that pop she just so happen to be the same asshole that shot up a wedding this afternoon . rosewood you see this guy ? axel I be there . he take she out , along with she girlfriend . try to take I out along with they . I do not know about lola , but I be pretty sure she friend be a pro . rosewood think it all over . rosewood johnny mention this guy be run prostitute . axel bingo . the only problem be , other than a possession charge , I get nothin ' on she . ever since she bust last year , she record 's clean . rosewood 's eye dance , in deep think . rosewood just like she be protect . axel squint . he 's not follow . rosewood ( cont 'd ) I get a feel I know who ricky be work for . axel smile . in step taggert who pop a long cubano in he mouth and light up . 45 rosewood ( to taggert ) how would it go ? taggert okay . so now what ? the limo driver reach over he seat , stare back at the three friend in the back . limo driver where to , gentleman ? taggert , axel and rosewood share a silly grin . the axel F theme begin in the b.g. axel laugh . rosewood shhhhit . rosewood massage he sore temple in anticipation of thing to come . CUT to : int . internal affayr division - night it 's after hour and most of the office light be off . a small spotlight burn over rosewood 's desk as he sit at he computer and search a iad database . axel and taggert hover over he . taggert so this be what iad look like ? guess it 's familiar territory to you , huh , axel ? axel blow yourself . taggert it 's a very nice office , billy , but what be we do here again ? rosewood I will show you in a second . 46 a full page report appear on rosewood 's computer , along with a color photograph of a familiar redhead reena o'brien -- lola 's friend . axel that 's she ! that 's the redhead who get hit with lola ! the pro ! rosewood you be kid ? taggert ( confuse ) who 's lola ? axel what do you get on the redhead ? rosewood a few week back , this reena come in to file a official complaint about a vice officer name Eddie Stone . taggert yeah , I remember Stone . crazy bastard . spend more time in iad than any cop I ever know . rosewood accord to she , Stone bust she one night , but instead of take she to county they go see this guy . this rich chinaman up in the Hills they call ' the maestro ' . that ring a bell to you ? taggert maestro ? never hear of he . rosewood anyway , he give she a envelope full of cash and say '' you work for I now '' . that same night , they go to she place , pack she thing and move she into this mansion . ( beat ) now this reena say she be not the only one . there 's at least thirty to forty other girl live in this house . 47 taggert pick they up off the street . just like they do ricky . rosewood right . axel so who be he ? the chinaman ? rosewood that 's just it . before she can finish give she statement she flip out and split . I guess she decide against at the last minute . never give he name . taggert ( impatient ) so what you be say be ... you still have no idea who this guy be ? rosewood crack a know smile . rosewood I do not say that . axel so you do know he ? rosewood I run the name ' maestro ' as a alias through interpol . I get a match with a guy name Harry phan . he 's be link to everything from smuggle in drug from China to trafficking young woman . it also turn out he 's be buy up real estate all over Los Angeles . ( beat ) hotel , restaurant , a chinese grocery , a whole food distributor . you name it , he 's get it . axel and rosewood wave away the nasty cigar smoke . taggert buy and pay for with drug money . 48 rosewood that 's what it look like . axel so reena want out , come to iad to rat out some cop and get cold foot . decide it be easier just to split town and come back to Detroit . but what 's this gotta do with lola ? taggert I do not know . it would help if I know who the hell lola be . axel laugh . he smack taggert in the belly on he way to the door . axel come on . I will tell you all about it in the car . taggert follow he out as rosewood shut off he computer and then the desk light . axel ( cont 'd ) time to make a pit stop . CUT to : ext . '' the pit stop '' gas and sushi - night axel , taggert and rosewood drive up in rosewood 's Lexus as the three curious friend observe this spectacular joint . this be no ordinary service station , from the structure 's post modernistic design to the glow neon light streamline the building , and the gorgeous female valet , with fake breast and a form fitting mini-skirt , parking car for dinner . at every gas pump be a drop dead gorgeous woman fill tank and take order for a full car detail . axel laugh as he stare through the car wash 's large window , watch a crew of silver bikinis detail a ferrari . a wild strobe light illuminate the room as loud music blare . it 's a regular dance party . 49 int . rosewood be car - morning taggert I gotta say , I have see some strange thing in my time but I have never have sushi from a gas station . rosewood seem surprised . rosewood really ? axel that 's why it 's perfect . make for a good front . no one would ever think to eat here . rosewood I do not know . I hear they make a mean dragon roll . axel tell you what . I might be in here awhile . why do not you guy go get we some food . I do not know about you guy , but my belly 's growlin' . it 's gonna be a long night and even longer on a empty stomach . taggert in other word , you be goin ' at this alone and you do not want we mess up the work ? axel no offense , but with you guy walkin ' in there , they gonna smell the cop comin ' a mile away . and let 's face it . you guy be never cut out for undercover work . taggert so we be suppose to just sit here and wait ? rosewood just like old time . 50 taggert that 's what I be afraid of . axel you get the money ? taggert ten thousand smack . taggert hand a thick envelope to axel . taggert ( cont 'd ) this better work , axel . this be John 's life you be carry around . axel it 's a good thing my shit always work then , be not it ? taggert and rosewood share a look and roll they eye in unison . axel ( cont 'd ) a hour . axel step out , head for the door . rosewood squint , confuse . rosewood a long night ? what do he mean long night ? int . the pit stop - night axel step inside and take it in . a full grocery center with a fine wine and liquor section and cigar shop on one side and a posh sushi bar and restaurant on the other . a shifty look character in a flash vest and goofy bow tie be stand behind a mahogany desk mark '' reservation '' . axel watch as the young desk clerk sniff from a small nasal spray bottle . his eye wide and dance . axel laugh as he approach the desk . the desk clerk spot he come and fumble with he tie . 51 axel play nervous as he put on a pair of shade and carefully watch he back . axel ( thug voice ) hey , my man . someone call a plumber ? cos I be here to snake the drain . desk clerk snake the drain ? axel you know ? unclog the pipe ? the desk clerk be still clueless . axel ( cont 'd ) okay , this still be not sinkin ' in . how about this . axel play nervous as he watch he back and lean on the desk . axel ( cont 'd ) let 's say I gotta use the bathroom , okay ? but the shit 's bust . there 's a sign on the door sayin ' I can only go number one . number one 's cool . I gotta go number one real bad . the desk clerk just shake he head in confusion , not follow along . axel ( cont 'd ) but let 's say I be in there awhile . all the sudden , I decide I wanna sit down and stay for awhile . maybe go number two . now , do I gotta decide before I go in there if I be doin ' a number one or number two ?... or can I wait and see if the mood hit ? axel nervously rub the back of he neck as the desk clerk slowly crack a smile . axel ( cont 'd ) you see what I be sayin ' to you now ? the desk clerk finally nod with understanding . 52 desk clerk yes , sir . I believe so . int . pit stop /1st floor / VIP room - night axel make it past the front desk and head for a elevator but spot a slew of young lady in evening gowns and well - dress businessmen belly up at a bar , drink martinis . axel swipe a gold card into a slit near the elevator door as the shiny gold door open . he step inside . int . pit stop /2nd floor / VIP room - night axel step off the elevator and be greet by a long couch full of beautiful young lady in slinky lingerie . they all stand in unison , greet he with a foney smile . axel yes . this could definitely be a long night . int . rosewood be car - night rosewood and taggert watch the building , bored , same old shit as they wait for axel . taggert sip a black coffee . taggert I can not believe I be doin ' this shit again . rosewood come on , sarge . you be have fun . admit it . taggert oh , yeah . sitting out here , wait on axel . not know what the hell 's go on . this be great . rosewood grow visibly irritate . rosewood it would not kill you to say that you miss I . just a little . 53 taggert roll he eye , talk to himself . taggert I be sorry , billy . I be not happy about be here . but if I have to be here ... then I be glad it 's with you . rosewood hide he goofy smile . rosewood I too , sarge . I feel the same way . taggert you be not gonna slip I the tongue , be you ? rosewood lose he chipper smile . he huff under he breath . rosewood that 's not funny , sarge . taggert watch rosewood closely . taggert Hell you talkin ' about ? rosewood nothing . just be careful with the gay joke around I . that 's all . taggert scan he old partner up and down as he puff on he cigar . he give up and plop down in he seat , keep a eye on rosewood . int . VIP room / bedroom - night axel be escort into a perfectly light , ultra high - tech bedroom with king size bed , silk sheet and mirrore ceiling . a video camera be set up on a tripod while a flatscreen tv hang on the wall . axel 's pay escort skyler ( 20 ) , great build , but a foney product of too much plastic surgery , sprawl out on the bed , pose on it seductively as axel watch . axel hold the envelope of money behind he back . 54 skyler be you gonna stand there all night ? or be you gonna get comfortable ? axel I be comfortable , thanks . skyler so what 's you name ? axel do it really matter ? skyler so you be one of that guy who like to get right to it . that 's cool . she pat the bedsheet , invite he over . skyler ( cont 'd ) why do not you get a little closer ? axel toss the envelope of money onto the sheet in front of he date . she flip through the cash . skyler ( cont 'd ) wow . I have get my work cut out for I , do not I ? axel that money 's not for you . it 's for you boss . I get a message for he . Inside the envelope he will find the name and address of where I want the money deliver . then I want he to send a message along with it . ten grand , compliment of John taggert . his debt 's officially pay off . skyler I do not understand . axel you do not need to understand . you just need to send the message . and tell you boss if he do not do it ... there 's some cop who might be interested in he little operation . 55 skyler so you be just gonna leave I this money ? axel I figure you would ask I that , so let 's be clear . I be gonna be call to see if he get that money . if he do not have it come morning ... and if I think you run off with it , steal it or whatever ... I be gonna let you boss know all about it . and then I be gonna drop he name , along with you and all you girlfriend name to the cop . skyler gaze down at the envelope , sick to she stomach . axel ( cont 'd ) that 's it . have a good night . axel head for the door . axel ( cont 'd ) you be do a very good job here . skyler stare at he pants , smile . skyler yeah , I can see that . axel bashfully cover himself on he way out . skyler ( cont 'd ) come back and see I when you have some time ! CUT to : int . rosewood be car - morning axel , taggert and rosewood watch the front door closely , wait patiently as taggert rub he sore eye and rosewood struggle to keep he head up . taggert okay , now what ? 56 the sound of taggert 's voice startles rosewood out of he sleep . axel be cool , man . now all we gotta do be follow the money . taggert I still do not get it . axel what 's there to get ? it 's very simple . we be give johnny 's share of the money back , and still pay off he football debt . meanwhile we can get this Eddie Stone by the ass all at the same time when we catch he with the money . rosewood rub he temple , a nervous habit . rosewood blackmail cop ? this ... this be not good . at all . axel what be you get all work up about ? I think you want to bust this guy ? rosewood by hand he a bag of steal cash ? it 's not exactly what I have in mind . I be Internal affair now , axel . I could lose my job . taggert ( furious ) you job ? what about John ? he 's get a little more than he job on the line . rosewood sorry . I be just say . axel would you guy relax ? you be not gonna lose you job and nothing 's gonna happen to John . we get this . 57 rosewood spot the familiar face of Eddie Stone head out the front door with the envelope of cash . rosewood hey . it 's he . taggert quickly sit up . axel use binocular to watch Stone as he head to he mercede . axel where do he come from ? rosewood he 's leave . he must have be in there the whole time . axel he take the bait . rosewood now what ? he lower the binocular , smile at the other . axel ( cont 'd ) now we go to breakfast . fuck do you think ? now we tail he and follow the money . rosewood wait until Stone pull out of the lot and slowly follow behind , stay safely out of view . ext . mulholland drive - morning as rosewood 's Lexus enter mulholland drive , a whole swarm of black and white patrol cruiser , light flash , box they in , force they to the curb . two officer leap from the car in front of they , gun draw and move in . int . rosewood be car - morning rosewood what the hell be this ? 58 axel look like you boy Stone make we . rosewood they be stalling we . taggert ( sarcastic ) ya think ? rosewood it 's okay . rosewood turn to the other . rosewood ( cont 'd ) you guy be with I . just keep quiet and let I do the talk . officer # 1 draw down on rosewood from the driver 's side . officer # 1 out of the car ! keep you hand where I can see they ! rosewood ( to Officer ) it 's okay ! I 'ma cop ! I be just gonna reach for my badge ! rosewood reach in he coat as the Officer break he pistol through the window , shard fly onto rosewood 's lap . officer # 1 hand ... on the dash ! taggert ( to rosewood ) I feel safer already . with a goofy expression , rosewood slowly raise he hand up as taggert do likewise . axel place he hand on the dash . axel ( frustrated ) fuck. CUT to : 59 int . county jail cell - day axel and taggert rest on a steel slab bench as rosewood pace on the dirty floor , shake he head , mumble . there 's a drag queen in skirt and pump sit next to axel and watch rosewood 's nervous fit . taggert quit it , would ya ? rosewood quit what ? taggert that thing you be do . rosewood what thing ? taggert pace and mumble . I hate it when you do that . you do not have to whisper , ya know ? it 's no secret you be piss off . rosewood when I get nervous I talk to myself . taggert you be nervous ? you be make I nervous . rosewood you be not the one about to lose you job . taggert you job ? what about lose the money ? we do not even know where it be . drag queen ( to axel ) what be you in for ? axel I be about to be in here for killin ' a couple cop . 60 drag queen you too ? axel nonchalantly shift in he seat , face away from the drag queen and watch taggert and rosewood . axel how much longer we gotta be in here ? rosewood I do not know . they impound my car so I get we a ride . she will be here in a hour , maybe less . axel she ? taggert I get a idea , billy . why do not you flash you badge . that will scare they pants off . axel laugh . rosewood hang he head in shame . a correction officer open up they cell . axel , taggert , and the drag queen stand . he fix he skirt . c.o . you get a visitor . axel , taggert , rosewood head out . the c.o. point at rosewood . c.o. ( cont 'd ) just you , Lieutenant . the three friend share a befuddle look . int . interrogation room - day rosewood be escort inside by the correction Officer where he be greet by iad Inspector weinberg . rosewood huff with exhaustion and frustration . he shake he head at weinberg who be ear to ear smile . rosewood they send you to give I my walk papers , weinberg ? 61 weinberg I should be so lucky . ( nod to a chair ) sit down , Lieutenant . rosewood sit down in protest . weinberg stand . rosewood so you wanna know about the money ? where it come from ? weinberg that will not be necessary . rosewood be visibly confuse . weinberg ( cont 'd ) I know all about you friend taggert and he kid . I also know that you friend foley be in town and be help you break open this Harry phan investigation . I be here to tell you to stop . rosewood who send you ? weinberg I have be work in conjunction with federal agent who have be tracking phan 's activity for the last seven month . include he involvement with several officer in this police department . rosewood you know about phan this whole time ? weinberg I have get a number of undercover officer in the field try to get on phan 's payroll . Eddie Stone include . you and you friend almost blow he cover with that little stunt you pull . if phan or any of he associate find out a police officer be blackmail Stone , he will have he kill just to be on the safe side . 62 weinberg ( cont 'd ) you know , the fed want you job for compromise they guy . thanks to I , I make they a better offer . rosewood what ? weinberg I tell they I would make you a deal . we use that money to take care of you friend taggert 's football debt and you walk away . leave Harry phan alone . rosewood halfheartedly scoff under he breath . rosewood why do not you tell I ? I mean ... this whole time ? weinberg because I know you would not let it go . you would insist on get involved in the investigation . I be here to tell you that if you do not let this go , word will leak about taggert 's kid and that money , and you involvement in attempt to bribe a undercover officer . rosewood do not beat around the bush , weinberg . tell I how you really feel . weinberg sit on the edge of the desk , stare rosewood down with a dead serious look . weinberg it 's up to you , rosewood . what 's it gonna be ? int . waiting room / county jail - day axel , rosewood and taggert drag ass as they wait behind a white iron gate . a buzzer sound and the door open as a correction officer escort the three buddy out . axel smile and laugh as he spot -- 63 jenny summer ( 5as ) , now a red head , still beautiful , await they all in chair . she stand , give a coy smile as she fold she arm and observe this motley crew . jenny I know this day be come soon enough . CUT to : ext . sea horse motel / venice , CA - day this modest motel be once a beautiful beachfront inn , but have be beat down by its hard party guest as loud rap music blare from the parking lot and scantily clad hookers walk in and out of the many room . thugge out car and low-rider truck sit park in front of the several motel room door with they engine run and stereo blast . one hooker count she money as she be get pick up by she ride , wait in the lot . int . sea horse motel / front desk -— day detective benson and diego await in a back room near the front desk as the motel 's owner -- carl ( 40s ) , three day beard , stress out and tired , frantically search for he smoke under a stack of unpaid bill . he find one and spark up . carl you guy think you be walk out of here with thirty percent of my take for the month , then you be wrong ! benson be that right ? Officer Stone 's gonna be real disappointed . carl this fuckin ' kid be savage ! drug deal , hooker , gun ! you little operation 's destroy my business ! they be suppose to keep thing nice and quiet ! that be the deal ! Carl get Diego and 64 diego hey . you be make money . what 's the problem ? in he face . carl every couple hour , I get vice in here threaten to shut I down if I do not start clean house ! ( beat ) you tell Stone this be not part of the deal ! I be suppose to get protection ! benson be that all ? carl no ! it 's not all ! you tell he if he do not start beef up security around here , I will be the first one to drop a dime to the cop ! and if he still want he cut , he know what to do ! you tell he that ! now go screw ! both of you ! diego I will be sure he get the message . benson head out as Carl watch they leave and gulp down he double shot of crown royal . ext . eddie stone's house / pool deck - dusk benson and Diego follow Stone , in he swim trunk and a open robe , out a gin and a slide glass door and onto a pool deck as he sip tonic . Stone head for a wet bar near the deep end to get a refresh on he glass . diego you boy at the motel 's ready to crack . I think he 's ready for a sit down . stone you collect the money ? 65 benson no . not yet . stone good . do not . let he think he 's in charge . we get he right where we want he . Stone grab a pitcher of gin and tonic , pour another glass . stone ( cont 'd ) now onto other business . this shit stick cop rosewood be start to really irritate I . ( beat ) someone 's be do some talk . Stone pour a extra glass . Diego and benson turn and stare at one another . diego whadd 'ya mean ? stone rosewood 's iad . him and he buddy foley get a lead on we operation at the pit stop . one plus one equal a rat . diego you get any lead on who it be ? stone oh . I have a pretty good idea . Stone reach under a magazine and grab a silence twenty - two pistol , swiftly turn , fire at Diego 's head . pow ! -- as the bullet blow Diego 's face apart and he body be flung into the deep end . benson be in shock as he watch he dead partner 's body fill up the pool with blood . Stone be not phase in the least as he remove the silencer . 66 stone I figure rosewood get to one of you . if I be wrong about he , that mean you be the rat . Stone nod to Diego . stone ( cont 'd ) take a good look . if you do not want that to happen to you , then you be gonna take care of this rosewood . once and for all . show I that I do not make a mistake by bring you in on this . benson what about taggert and foley ? stone you be a real smart cop , benson . you figure it out . Stone sip he drink and head for the door . benson just stand in awe of this shocking turn of event . stone ( cont 'd ) get this clean up . I have company come over . ext . construction site - dusk it 's the eighteenth floor of this half - way construct five star hotel in the make . no wall or window , just brick , cement and foundation . a cool breeze blow a swift wind through the hollow passage of this unfinish building . Harry phan , stigg , a few of Harry 's goons , and nikos thomopolis ( 5as ) , bald , spike hair , arm dealer , stroll the floor . harry we be still month away from a completion date and now they be threaten to shut down construction until I can cover the remain cost . 67 harry ( cont 'd ) I can only move so much money before the IRS start ask too many question . thomopolis and that 's where I come in , right ? that 's why you invite I up here . and here I think it be for the pretty view . thomopolis smile as he step closer to the edge and stare out into the bright orange sunset . the Santa monica pier ferris wheel light glow in the distance . harry I be you most loyal customer , Nick . as you be mine . what I be propose be take we partnership a step further . thomopolis turn , bored with the conversation . thomopolis do not jerk I off , phan . I jerk off enough in prison . what do you want ? harry you put up the rest of the money and I will guarantee major purchase on you next five shipment . thomopolis laugh . thomopolis from the sound of thing , you will be in jail long before that . besides . I do not believe in guarantee . I believe in money . harry my empire be continue to grow at a unprecedented rate . and ... ( beat ) ... I have protection . the kind of protection a man in you position can only dream of . 68 thomopolis can feel stigg watch he like a creep in the corner . a evil scowl on he face . thomopolis yeah , you man be make I feel warm all over . I get butterfly . Harry crack a smile . ext . santa monica pier - night Carl , we nervous manager from the Sea horse Motel , drag froma cigarette and run he hand across the pier 's railing , wait not so patiently as he check he watch every few second . he turn , stunne to see Harry phan wait some ten foot away and puffing he own cigarette . a couple of he delinquent soldier cover Carl from both end of the pier , box he in . carl shit , man . you scared I . harry please excuse the time . I hope we have not keep you wait . Carl watch the two soldier on either side of he , make he nervous and unsure . carl I say I want to meet alone . no gun and no goons . just we . harry now that would not be very safe this time of night . carry around all this money myself . Carl notice that one of the soldier be carry a backpack of some sort on he shoulder . carl money ? what be you talk about ? 69 harry I hear you be not happy with you current role . Officer Stone tell I the police have catch wind of we operation and make life difficult for you . because of this you be be pressured to come forward . Carl grow even more nervous as the two soldier step closer to he , look very angry . carl yeah , well , they be not leave I much choice . they be gonna shut I down if I do not do something . ( beat ) Stone give I a guarantee this would not be a problem . now , all of a sudden , I get cop all over my ass . harry I understand . the police can be very stubborn in they pursuit . they get wind of something ... they just do not let up until they get they man . it 's the cost of do this kind of business , mister Dunn . a business that you just be not cut out for . unfortunately , you involvement in this have make the officer in my charge uncomfortable to say the least . soldier # 1 with the backpack step forward , cause Carl stress as he step back . carl what 's he do ? harry this be you early retirement , mister Dunn . all you have to do now be hand over control of the motel to I . you let I and mister Stone worry about keep the police in check . soldier # 1 unzip the bag and throw it on the pavement in front of Carl . 70 carl I see what this be . whadd 'ya think , I be stupid , phan ? you and you hood run I out of my own motel . I bet that same cop be in you pocket too . well forget it . I want back in . fifty percent . harry I be afraid that 's not a option . we offer be more than sufficient , mister Dunn . if I be you I would take it and not utter one more fuck word about it . Carl notice soldier # 2 go for a gun and pull he own piece from inside he coat . he draw down on Harry . carl back off ! Harry motion to soldier # 2 to lay off he gun . he slowly pull he hand out of he pocket . harry that will not be necessary . you will take this money and we will not speak of this again . ( beat ) this be a war you can not win . do not be foolish . carl yeah , well , I be gonna have to think this over . in the meantime , you be gonna sweeten the deal . JI want another hundred . payable by the week 's end . if you do not have it by then , I be go to the police . we will see how loyal you cop friend be after they be bring in for question . Harry think it over . a insincere smile . harry I will have to take it to my people . you be a very shrewd businessman , mister Dunn . and also very stubborn . we will be in touch . Carl grab the bag of cash , make he way off the pier . 71 ext . parking lot / beach - night Carl carry he bag of cash over he shoulder as he leave the beach and cut across a small parking lot . he spot a shaggy look surfer girl lean on he car and smoking a joint . she stumble toward he , play the role . surfer girl say , buddy . you wanna buy some shit ? carl no , I do not . get the hell away from my car . the surfer girl almost trip on she own foot as she step even closer . surfer girl come on , man . just a bag . you should mellow out . maybe we can go somewhere , make you feel good . she reach for he face , stroke the side of he cheek with she finger . carl get out of my way you dirty bitch . surfer girl what 's you problem , man ? we should take a little walk on the beach and chill . I will hook you up , ya know ? come on , man . show I some money . Carl get feed up , drop he bag of money and pull he gun as he stick it in she face . carl I say get out of here ! before he know what 's happen , Carl be grab from behind as a arm be wrap around he throat and he drop he weapon . the surfer girl take off , into the night as a couple more thug appear and take turn throw Carl a beat . 72 thug # 1 knee he in the crotch as Carl fall to he knee . the man behind he release he throat as thug # 2 kick he in the chest and knock he to the asphalt . all three man , all dress like pot-head beach bum , take turn kick and beat Carl to a pulp . thug # 1 wrap a long wire around Carl 's throat and finish the job as the other two watch . Carl finally give as thug # 1 release he , let he fall to the ground . Dead . ext . ricky's apartment build - night Jenny 's BMW convertible park in a guest spot in front of the high - priced complex . several palm tree and a colorful flower garden circle a sign that read '' beverly terrace '' int . jenny' BMW - night Jenny behind the wheel , axel shotgun and rosewood and taggert in the back seat , look whipped . jenny okay . I think we be go for a nice after dinner drink . do anyone wanna tell I what 's go on ? rosewood look at this place . hard to believe ricky live in a place like this . taggert and they say crime do not pay . jenny who 's ricky ? axel I guess it would be ask too much if you wait in the car . Jenny watch rosewood and taggert in the rear view mirror be suspiciously quiet . 73 jenny oh , no . no , no , no . axel I will just be a minute or two , top . rosewood here will keep you company . jenny you be unbelievable . you say you be not work . you promise I . axel I do ? I do not remember say that shit . axel turn to the fella in the back . axel ( cont 'd ) do you guy remember I sayin ' that ? rosewood and taggert shake they head in unison . axel ( cont 'd ) ( to Jenny ) they do not remember you sayin ' that . I do not think you hear I right . you should probably have you ear check or something ' like that . maybe cut you hair . ( redirect ) which be look very nice , by the way . very beautiful . jenny cut the shit , axel . I remember you very specifically say that you be in town on vacation and want to catch up . next thing I know , I see you with heckel and jeckel here come out of a jail cell . rosewood and a cigar chomping taggert share a look . jenny ( cont 'd ) then you lie to I again when you say it be all just a big mix - up . I guess I do not hear you right . 74 axel no , you do not . but it 's okay . I forgive you . Jenny huff in exhaustion . axel ( cont 'd ) and I would love for we all to catch up and have a drink . tell you what . when we be do here , we can all go back to you place and relax , okay ? have a few drink and who know . ( beat ) we can all spend the whole night together if you want . have like a big sleepover . but right now , I gotta go upstairs with taggert . let you and rosewood have a chance to get reacquainted . rosewood do not seem keen on the idea as he shut he eye and mumble under he breath . taggert watch he , curious . Jenny stare at rosewood in the rear view mirror , and she 's just as enthuse for this plan . jenny wonderful . ( stare at rosewood ) be still my beat heart . axel billy , you do not mind stayin ' with Jenny and keep she company , right ? rosewood roll he eye . rosewood wonderful . axel notice Jenny and rosewood give each other a dirty look and share a exchange with taggert , who also sense some hostility in the air . axel wonderful . ( to taggert ) you hear that , taggert ? wonderful . 75 taggert watch rosewood rub he sore eye . taggert wonderful . taggert and axel step out , leave a frustrated Jenny and rosewood alone . jenny a sleepover ? what be he talk about , sleepover ? int . ricky's apartment - night axel and taggert push open the already bust open door as axel do a quick sweep of the front room , gun draw . the place be a disaster . the cushion of the couch flip , and the back of a leather recliner rip to shred as white foam stuff cover the carpet . taggert check the messy kitchen . kitchen every cabinet door and drawer have be flung open or drop on the floor , leave a mess of kitchen utensil , tool and other silverware . also on the ground be various pot and pan and other cookware . a round kitchen table rest in the corner with a full can of coffee dumped onto the surface . several bag of potato chip and cracker have also be pour onto the table . taggert call I obvious ... but I think someone be have a hard time find that money . live room on the carpet , axel pick up a bust picture frame as he avoid be cut by the glass . it 's a picture of ricky have a drink at a club with a hot waitress on he shoulder , both smile . 76 a look of surprise on axel as he slowly figure out that the girl be skyler , he pay escort at the pit stop . axel hey , taggert . taggert slowly shuffles he way into the live room . taggert what be it ? axel this girl with ricky . it 's the same chick I see at the pit stop . taggert grab the photo , take a look for himself . taggert what be she ? a waitress ? axel this girl do a whole lot more than buss table . taggert I wonder if ricky 's aware of that . axel my guess be he be . taggert squint , confuse . axel ( cont 'd ) that girl be charge two grand a head and the place be crawlin ' with suit . they take in a whole helluva lot more than twenty k a night . taggert what be you say ? that johnny be lie about the twenty grand ? axel I be say if ricky rip this place off , he take a lot more than twenty thousand , whether John 's aware of it or not . 77 taggert a place like that , you can not just run in with a ski mask and stick up the place . axel exactly . ricky say he work for this guy phan . maybe he be the bag man . he get the money from point a to point B , only -- taggert -- it never get to point B. axel ponder it all . a moment of realization hit he like a sack of brick . axel I be gonna check the bedroom . axel hurry to a corner bedroom as taggert follow behind . int . ricky's bedroom - night axel flip on the light and notice a perfectly make bed in the center of the room . the drawer of a large oak armoire have be pull and dumped to the carpet , only they be empty . axel bite he lip , in deep think . he open up a closet door and find it completely empty . no clothes , hanger , nothing . axel yo , taggert ! int . ricky's bathroom - night taggert notice the sink be spotless with a empty toothbrush stand on top . he open up a medicine cabinet and find it be also empty . taggert yeah ? axel enter . 78 axel you notice anything strange ? taggert yeah . do not look like anyone life here . axel ricky do not come runnin ' back here after the wedding . it would be the first place they would look for that cash . he pack he shit long before that . taggert ready to skip town . axel no wonder he be so nervous at the wedding . he know they be lookin ' for he . which probably mean he work for they as a currier . it 's the same thing that get my friend mikey kill . when the shit turn up miss , they do not exactly have to narrow down the list to find out who do it . taggert if they know he 's the last one to touch the cash , why risk take it ? it do not make sense . axel a kid like ricky grow up with nothing and spend half he life live on the street . he probably get sick at starin ' at all that cash and lose he head . taggert okay , so where be he ? axel stare down at the break photo of ricky and skyler . axel I do not know . maybe we should ask skyler and find out . 719 int . jenny' BMW - night rosewood now in the front seat with Jenny . they be strangely quiet , avoid each other as rosewood sneak a few peek here and there . rosewood I never thank you for come to get we . jenny ( angry ) yeah , well , if I know why , I would not have . rosewood obviously bite he tongue and fight hard to restrain from respond . he take another look at Jenny , not so mad this time , but more a look of nostalgia , secretly fond of this woman . rosewood you know , I have not tell he . jenny told who what ? rosewood about we . whadd 'ya think I mean ? jenny as far as I be concerned , there 's not much to tell . rosewood seem sad , almost offended . rosewood I do not think it be that bad . Jenny scoff at he , shake she head . jenny yeah , billy , it be the best month of my life . rosewood you do not have to be so cruel about it . 80 Jenny see rosewood sulk , feel bad . jenny that 's not what I mean . rosewood what do you mean ? jenny we be a unnatural act . a case of mistake wild coincidence as fate . rosewood what the hell be you talk about ? jenny we be single , lonely and depressed . we just happen to be in the same supermarket at the exact same time wait in the exact same line . rosewood ( reflect ) Lane three . jenny we just let thing move way too fast because you think it be mean to be . rosewood maybe it be . but I guess we will never know because you be too scared to find out . rosewood start to boil . he try to bite he tongue but can not quite do it . rosewood ( cont 'd ) and I never say it be fate . I just think that since ... ( think it over ) ... well ... never mind . Jenny will not let it go . jenny since what ? 81 rosewood well , I be gonna say I may have get the wrong impression when you come onto I at the art gallery . Jenny burst out laugh . jenny be you on drug ? rosewood you gotta admit , you be definitely throw a sexual vibe my direction . Jenny neurotically begin rub she sore temple as she shut she eye . jenny I have a headache all over my body . please stop speak , okay ? rosewood spot axel and taggert head for the car . rosewood here they come . ( beat ) we will talk about this later . jenny I will try to keep my hand to myself until then . axel and taggert jump in . axel carry a answering machine on he lap . ricky 's answer machine . rosewood well ? how would it go ? axel it 's come together . axel notice how upset Jenny be . axel ( cont 'd ) how would it go here ? jenny wonderful . 82 axel smile , check with rosewood . rosewood wonderful . axel laugh . CUT to : int . jenny' house - night through the front door walk Jenny , axel , taggert , and rosewood as axel marvel at the high - priced dig before he . Jenny have move up in the world since we see she last . a entire collection of eclectic artwork hang from the wall , relic of the now close hollis - benton Gallery . a pricey crystal chandelier dangle from the ceiling above the spiral staircase . axel yo , man . it 's lifestyle of the rich and famous . ( stunne ) be this you house ? Jenny scoff . jenny stop act so surprised . rosewood roll he eye as he stroll the live room with he hand in he pocket , disinterested and unimpress . rosewood ( smug ) it 's she boyfriend 's . the doctor . Jenny bump rosewood out of the way as she follow taggert and axel into the kitchen . kitchen axel think maybe you steal it or somethin’ . 83 taggert you would know about steal house , would not you , foley ? axel touche . taggert grab a plastic barbecue lighter from a drawer , spark up a cigar . Jenny yank it right out of he mouth . jenny do not even think of lighting that tobacco asshole in this house . axel yeah , we would not wanna ruin the smell of new money . axel laugh . taggert no kid . jenny Paul be bronchial . the faintest smell of cigar smoke and he will kill I . rosewood we would not wanna upset Paul , now would we ? axel ya know , I have not be a cop for awhile but I be sense some tension in the air . ( to taggert ) whatta you think , taggert ? taggert the air be a bit thick . rosewood let 's just say Jenny get a better offer . a bigger wall to hang all she pretty artwork . 84 Jenny give up and head to a liquor cabinet , pour all of they a nice double shot . taggert get a very upset , almost confuse look on he face . taggert you and Jenny be a item ? axel get the fuck outta here . rosewood yes , it be a very brief affair to say the least . Jenny hand everyone a drink except rosewood . jenny yes , and billy have not be able to let it go . rosewood step uncomfortably close to Jenny . rosewood that 's because Jen have be unable to accept the fact that she still have feeling for I . jenny where do you get this stuff ? Jenny turn she back on he , gulp down she drink as if he 's hit a sensitive nerve . rosewood the eye , Jen . the eye never lie . taggert I teach he that . axel hold up . I just think of something . billy and I share a woman . jenny ( embarrassed ) axel ! 85 rosewood ( surprised ) really ? that 's news to I . jenny that 's cos it be a one time thing and we be kid . and we be drunk at the time . axel well you do not have to make it sound so cheap . jenny gee , I be sorry , axel . what girl do not dream of get it in the back of a chevy nova ? axel laugh . taggert still look confuse as he roll a cigar in he mouth . taggert so ... you and billy ... and axel ? I do not suppose you could ... jenny no , I do not suppose I could ! rosewood John . take it easy . show some respect . Jenny seem flatter by he goofy gesture , but try to hide a smile . taggert ( to Jenny ) sorry . axel yeah , taggert , show some respect . ( to Jenny ) so who 's better ? I or rosewood ? Jenny go for a instant refill on she vodka rock . jenny oh my god. 86 rosewood shake he head with disgust at axel and taggert 's rude comment . rosewood come on , guy . axel hey , Jen . I be sorry really . I be be bad again . do not mean to put you on the spot like that . my bad . rosewood make a desperate gesture for axel to lay off . taggert laugh under he breath . axel pause . he can not hold it any longer . axel so who 's bigger ? I or rosewood . jenny on that note , I be take a shower . rosewood seem to like that idea . jenny ( cont 'd ) ( to rosewood ) alone . Jenny storm off , out of the kitchen and up the stair . axel damn , man , what do you do to she ? rosewood I guess ... maybe it 's possible I come on too strong . taggert noooo . rosewood slump down at a kitchen table . depress and tired . rosewood woman . can not live with they . someone fix I a drink . axel laugh . taggert head for the liquor cabinet . 87 int . jenny' spare bathroom - night axel splashes some cold water in he face , freshen up a bit as Jenny lean on the open door frame , watch he with a smile . axel be catch by surprise . jenny just make sure you be not steal a bathrobe or something . axel laugh . Jenny give he a overdue hug . jenny ( cont 'd ) so , what 's this I hear about you not be a cop ? axel well , I figure there 's only so many time you can be pass over for promotion before you realize it 's never gonna happen . plus , I think I could make better money on my own . axel hop up on the sink as he pull a business card from he wallet , hand it to Jenny . jenny ( read card ) axel foley investigation . axel I guess you could say my past finally catch up with I . jenny yeah , no offense , but I do not really see you as Captain material . axel what , you can not see I in a suit and tie behind the desk with rosewood ? jenny no , I can not . axel yeah , I either . but it 's okay though . Business be good . I be happy . 88 axel ( cont 'd ) how bout you ? I hear you be a nurse . jenny yeah , a rn . that 's how I meet Paul . he 's a surgeon . axel oh , obviously . ( smile ) and ? jenny and what ? axel do you like he ? Jenny crack a goofy grin . jenny of course I like he . what kind of question be that ? axel so what about rosewood ? what happen there ? jenny nothing . it happen . now it 's over . do not worry about it . Jenny playfully shove axel as she step out . axel laugh . CUT to : ext . jenny' house / swimming pool deck - night taggert 's pants be roll up as he soak he sore foot in a hot tub and puff he cigar . rosewood sit at a laptop do some research . Jenny sip ona gin and tonic as axel appear through a slide glass door . a answer machine in he hand . he go to rosewood , check over he shoulder , review the open web page . 89 axel rosewood . what be you read ? rosewood it 's a ia database . with my password , I can access it from any computer . this be everything I have on Harry phan . rosewood scan through a digital file of crime scene photo , all unsolve homicide , stabbing , shooting , overdose , all young man and woman in they teens and twenty . rosewood ( cont 'd ) there 's be over two dozen juvenile death in the great Los Angeles area in the last month . all of the victim have one thing in common . all John and Jane do . no id , no history , no next of kin . and all unsolve . axel take the mouse and scan through a few more image of the unsolve homicide case . image -- a young homeless man be find dead under a bridge , surround by newspaper and other garbage . -- a teen girl be face down in a alley . a overdose . a large line of people wait to get into a club be see in the near distance . rosewood ( cont 'd ) this be just a few of they . stabbing , shooting , overdose . taggert this be LA , billy . it 's not really that uncommon . rosewood I show some photo around at the local homeless shelter . they identify over a third of the decease . taggert and axel share a intrigue look . Jenny hear the doorbell , head out . 90 axel this guy phan be recruiting they straight out of the shelter . rosewood make they a offer they can not refuse . a place to stay , a free supply of junk . more money than they have ever see . axel and when the cop get too close ... rosewood or they become too big a problem to handle , he bump they off . through the slide glass walk Jenny and she surprise guest jan bogomil ( 48 ) short blonde hair , professional look with match business suit , successful . axel , taggert and rosewood light up as she enter the pool deck . a big smile on all they face . axel look at this ! jan hey , trouble maker . axel and Jan share a big hug . Jenny twirl she ice cube as she throw rosewood a dirty stare . axel what the hell be you do here ? jan Nice to see you too , axel . axel laugh . Jan wave at taggert . jan ( cont 'd ) hey , uncle John . taggert hey , sweetie . Jan lean in and give rosewood a hug around he neck , give he a big wet kiss on the neck and mouth . 91 Jenny shake she head in disgust . axel and taggert share a big confuse smile . axel point at rosewood , and then Jan , piece it all together as he turn to Jenny . she roll she eye . jan hey , babe . rosewood how be you day ? jan a lot better now . Jan give he another wet one on the mouth . Jenny stick she finger down she neck as taggert laugh . taggert ( to rosewood ) you and bogomil 's daughter ? jan thanks , uncle John . I almost forget my real name . axel laugh . axel when do this happen ? jan oh . I guess you could say it be a accident . there I be wait in line at the supermarket ... Jenny and axel share a funny look . taggert can not help but smile as rosewood bashfully look away . jan ( cont 'd ) and out of nowhere come billy . we have not talk in almost two year , and just like that . there he be . I guess you could call it fate . jenny yeah . fate . it 's a funny thing . 92 Jenny take another huge belt of she gin and tonic . rosewood quickly change the subject . rosewood so anyways . what do you find out today ? jan so much for memory lane . Jan hand rosewood a manila file full of paperwork . he take a look at the thick set of papers . jan ( cont 'd ) you friend Harry phan 's be a busy boy . he 's be investigate in at least eight count of insurance and tax fraud . he owe something in excess of four to five million in back tax . taggert be now intrigue as he crawl out of the hot tub , join the other . jan ( cont 'd ) and that 's just what we be able to find . God know what else this guy 's into . rosewood anything else ? jan my guy in the IRS say phan 's big thing now be target fail business that be struggle financially , offer a third of what the property be worth while the owner take the money and run . taggert hang on every word as he slowly take a seat next to Jenny . she wave away he nasty cigar smoke . jan ( cont 'd ) meanwhile , the seller keep he name on the book while phan stay in the clear . when the IRS get wind of what 's go on , phan move on to he next target . this guy 's make million under the table . axel seem focus . he hurry back to the laptop . 93 axel rosewood . go back a few photo . I wanna check something . rosewood grab the mouse , move through the still image until he stop on the young girl in the back alley . a nightclub in the back ground . axel point at the long line of people in the distance . there 's some chinese write on the wall in bright glow neon letter . axel set axel ( cont 'd ) there . that club across the street . where be this ? rosewood it 's this club on pico . the Dragon room . why ? axel listen to this . down the answer machine , press play . axel ( cont 'd ) I and taggert grab this from ricky 's apartment . see if you recognize this voice . benson ( v.o. ) Times up , ricky . the way I see it , I and you get a problem . Stone want you and you friend dead and I want that money . so I will make you a deal . if you ever wanna see that sweet young thing of yours again , you will bring I the full ninety thousand . rosewood benson . benson ( v.o. ) I will tell Stone you dead , and we can all go we separate way . like this never happen . ( beat ) Dragon room . Midnight . if you be one second late , the girl 's dead . 94 benson ( v.o. ) do not worry , ricky . I be on you side . I hope you be not stupid . axel hit stop on the machine . rosewood what girl ? axel pull the photo of skylar and ricky from he pants pocket . axel this girl . it 's the same girl I see at the pit stop . my guess ... she and ricky be both involved in steal that money . taggert he say the full ninety . that mean she and ricky take over a hundred gee . no wonder they be so piss off . axel stare at the still image of the dead young woman lay in the back alley . axel the bigger question be ... who 's this dead girl in the alley ? rosewood she 's a overdose . her friend call in a 911 emergency . supposedly , she just collapse right there in the alley . axel what be the name of the girl who call this in ? rosewood Lisa , Linda , layla . something . axel lola ? rosewood suddenly realize who it be . he slump in he chair with a surprised look on he face . axel seem annoyed as he quickly dig up lola 's photo . 95 he shove it in rosewood 's face . axel be this she ? rosewood I never talk to she . she disappear before I could question she . axel man , you guy still need I , do not you ? lola be kill because she know something . she be either involved in this girl 's death or try to blow the whistle . either way , they kill she for it . another realization hit rosewood . rosewood the redhead . reena ! axel lola be too scared to come forward about Stone , so she send she friend reena instead . it 's all come together now . taggert okay . I be lose . axel rosewood take a statement from a girl about a bad cop . that be reena . my guess be she be either there that night with lola or decide to come forward to keep she friend in the clear . rosewood check he watch . rosewood it 's after nine . we get less than three hour before ricky meet with benson . axel that be , of course , if ricky get the message . but it look like ricky 's long go . 96 rosewood we be talk ninety thousand dollar here . we should assume that benson get in touch with he by now . if not at home , then on he cell . axel in the meantime , we get three hour to come up with a game plan . otherwise , ricky 's a dead man . rosewood we be gonna need a car . jan mine 's a two seater . axel smile . they all turn to Jenny . jenny no way . axel so do he fly to that medical conference or drive ? Jenny laugh . jenny CUT to : ext . the dragon room / pico blvd - night a spotless , shine up cadillac escalade park in a red zone near the front door and out step axel , rosewood and taggert . axel be wear a dark hoodie , a black leather racing jacket and shade as he pretend to be incognito . rosewood and taggert act as bodyguard as they stare down the crowd wait in line . the crowd turn and whisper to one another , point at axel as they wonder who he be . the three man skip to the front of the line as a buff door man be choose who enter the club . 97 axel say , my man . sorry I be late . traffic be a bitch . Excuse we . axel snap he finger at rosewood and taggert and they follow he toward the door like lapdog . the door man lay he hand on axel 's chest , stop he . door man hold it right there , flash . the line be that way . point he beefy finger down the street . axel line ? ai not no line , cousin . I be the entertainment . mister phan request I be here no later than eleven thirty . it 's eleven thirty five . we be suppose to be set up , ready to turn this mufucka out by midnight . so do I a favor and get you big monkey ass out my way before I gotta call mister phan and handle this , see ? door man you know what I think ? I think you and the oakridge boy here be not on the list . I think you be full of shit . so how bout you beat it before this big monkey turn you all into banana pudding . axel alright . you wanna do it the hard way ? Fine . axel remove he shade , drop he hoodie , and quickly flash he identification . axel ( cont 'd ) axel foley . Fire marshall. ( to taggert ) would you frisk this man , please ? door man what be this ? 98 taggert approach . the door man shove he back . rosewood flash he holster gun . rosewood Sir , I suggest you cooperate or there 's gonna be trouble . the door man slowly raise he arm as taggert do a pat down and discover a small automatic pistol . door man what 's this about ? axel I will tell you what this be about ! this property just happen to be in violation of section pl90x and 867-5309 of the fire safety code ! the door man squint with confusion . axel ( cont 'd ) do not even get I start about the inside of this place ! but you get people line up down the street block not one , not two , but three fuckin exit and a fire escape ! the door man play like he 's check down the street . he 's not follow along as he shake he head with frustration . axel ( cont 'd ) now I be gonna be a gentleman and come inside and give mister phan the opportunity to fix this ! instead , you choose to insult I and assault one of my marshall ! on top of this , you be carry a unlicense firearm ! ( to rosewood ) mister rosewood ! cuff this man ! door man now hold on a second . I do not want any trouble . I be just the door man . the crowd in line start to get ugly as they shout obscenity at all four of the man . 99 axel yeah , well . I be afraid you have you chance to cooperate , sir . ( to rosewood ) be you gonna cuff this man or do I have to do it ? rosewood continue toward he . the door man step back . door man hey , look . you wanna talk with mister phan , then go on . alright ? I just do what I be tell . axel rosewood . back off . rosewood back away from he . door man can I go now ? axel yeah , you can go . get the hell outta here . do not let I see you again . the door man jet as the rowdy crowd erupt . axel and the other head inside before they be trample by the income clubber . int . the dragon room club - night axel , taggert and rosewood move through a busy crowd , walk in on a chinese Dragon dance already in progress . the dragon zig zag its way through a array of glass table top where clubber be seat . at each table , a torch be light . the dancer move to the beat of the drum as they glide across the floor . int . phan's office - night Harry phan and Stone watch axel , taggert and rosewood from he two - way office window . 100 harry and here they be . right on time . stone yeah . I would not start celebrate just yet . it 's quarter to and still no sign of the kid . Harry turn to he . a grow smile . harry do not worry . he will be here . int . the dragon room club - night axel , taggert and rosewood take a seat at one of the glass table top . axel scan the floor for any sign of ricky or skylar as he spot -- skylar pick up a drink order at the bar . she turn and spot axel . a smile . rosewood axel . be not that she ? axel I see she . you guy hang back . axel pat rosewood on the chest as he head for the bar . bar axel hurry to catch up with skylar , who carry she tray to a corner booth . he grab she by the arm as she turn to he . a smile . skylar look who it be . I guess you change you mind . axel flash the photo of she and ricky together . axel you wanna explain this ? skylar check the photo . she do not follow . 101 skylar he 's a friend . so what ? axel so we need to find a place to talk . like , right now . axel grab she by the arm and drag she into a corner . skylar hey , you do not need to do that . you wanna talk , we will talk . skylar turn she attention to a long , mirrore wall in the far corner of the room . she set down she tray of drink , grab axel by the arm and walk he toward the wall . there 's a small slit in the glass as skylar use a id card that be chain to she skirt to open up the private room . the mirrore wall open up as skylar and axel head inside . int . private room - night skylar shove axel into a leather chair as she hop on he lap and start a erotic lap dance . skylar there . now be not that better ? axel we do not have much time . he will be here any second . skylar look man . there 's camera all over this place . if you do not want I to get in trouble , then act like you be enjoy this . axel tell I what happen at the pit stop . skylar I do not know what you be talk about . axel grab she , make she stop . 102 axel then that must have be some other girl benson be talkin ' about kill if ricky do not show with that money by midnight . skylar sit in shock . axel ( cont 'd ) oh , do I have you attention now ? skylar huff in frustration . she come around . skylar look , I let he crib at my place , but I be not involved in any of this . I even tell he and Ginny they be nut for go through with it . axel Ginny . who 's Ginny ? a exit door in the far corner open and in walk -- ricky with a back pack full of money . ninety grand . he and axel catch eye , both surprised to see each other . a sudden realization hit axel like a sack of brick . ext . mirrore wall - night two gunmen lock and load they machine gun and take aim at the glass wall . one of they be benson . int . private room - night axel shove skylar and himself to the floor . axel ( to ricky ) get down ! the glass wall be riddle with automatic gunfire as ricky be hit with several shot . he fall to the ground . dead. 103 the bag of money also fall limp to the floor . as the glass wall explode and break into large shard on the carpet , axel raise he gun and fire multiple shot . one of the man be strike in the shoulder and chest and fall to the floor . benson escape down the hall . axel check on skylar . axel you okay ? skylar no , be you crazy ? axel check on ricky . now dead . in run taggert and rosewood , gun draw . rosewood axel ! taggert what the hell happen ? axel never mind that ! take the girl and get she outta here ! fast ! axel chase down the hall after benson . int . dragon room / hallway - night axel fight he way through a busy crowd as they gather near a back room bar and congregate on a tall staircase overlook a dance floor . axel spot benson at the top of the step , make he way toward the roof . staircase axel push and shove he way up the step . CUT to : 104 ext . dragon room / rooftop bar - night benson push a circle of friend have some wine out of he way - run to a steel railing at the edge of the roof . a full view of the street . he 's run out of place to hide . axel make he way onto the roof as benson spot he . benson raise he gun in the air and fire a few shot . the panicked crowd almost run over axel as they head for the stair . they knock he gun to the ground . one of the clubber play hero and attempt to grab benson 's gun from he raise arm . during the scuffle , benson drop he gun and punch the man in the mouth . axel jump he as the two almost fall over the railing . benson grab axel 's throat , choke he as axel dig he thumb into he throat . benson release he as the two man gasp for air . axel throw a hard right hook and knock benson -- off the roof and through a chinese engraved skylight int . dragon room / dance floor - night benson fall through the glass and onto a light dance floor where clubber scream and run for cover . skylight axel 's face appear over the railing as he stare down at the dead cop on the dance floor . his blood spill out in gush . ext . dragon room / rooftop bar - night axel be out of gas , drop to he knee . 105 int . jenny' house - night skylar sit on a couch , shaking . her nerve be shot . axel and the other hover over she , pump she for question . Jenny enter with a cup of coffee . she hand it to skylar and take a seat . skylar thank you . axel you be awful lucky you do not get all of we kill back there . skylar they be gonna kill I ! what would you do ? rosewood they be gonna kill you anyways . you set we up . axel you say ricky and Ginny take that money . who 's Ginny ? axel grab a photo of the dead girl in the alley from rosewood . shove it in skylar 's face . axel ( cont 'd ) be this Ginny ? skylar be quiet at first , but come around . skylar Ginny work at the Dragon room as a waitress . axel a waitress ? you mean a escort . skylar congratulation , cop . axel I be not a cop . 106 this be news to taggert and rosewood as they share a confuse look . axel showe skylar a photo of lola Marcus . skylar be axel ( cont 'd ) I be hire to find this girl by she father . rosewood you know she , do not you ? skylar yes . she also work at the club as a dancer . her name 's lola . I do not know what happen to she . I have not see she in week . axel tell I what happen to Ginny . she do not die of natural cause . phan have she kill and I wanna know why . do they find out she and ricky steal that money ? skyler a few week back , ricky tell I this cop Eddie Stone be work for phan . he say this other cop find out he be on phan 's payroll and open a investigation on he . rosewood what be he name ? this cop ? skyler I do not know . all I know be Stone supposedly send Ginny to get she hook into this cop . get he all hot and bother and bring he back to the pit stop for a quick roll . rosewood why ? shocked by he stupidity . skylar whatta you mean why ? they want to catch he on tape . use it as blackmail . 107 taggert so they kill she to cover they track ? skylar no . Ginny get greedy . her and ricky come up with this plan . they burn a copy of the blackmail video of she and this cop , then play both side . take money from Stone and the other cop at the same time . rosewood weinberg . taggert and axel turn to he . taggert who ? rosewood weinberg . he 's ia . no wonder he 's be put up so much resistance . he 's be work under the table for Stone this whole time . rosewood pace the floor . fluster . he 's be play for a fool by weinberg . axel ( to skylar ) how be lola involved in all this ? skylar they send lola to spike Ginny 's drink . she do not know they be gonna kill she . she be suppose to just walk she to she car and drive she home . when she collapse in the alley , lola freak out and call the cop . axel so that 's why she split town . she be afraid the cop would find out she kill she . 108 skylar what 's gonna happen to I now ? axel nothing . you be gonna stay here for a couple day until we can figure this thing out . this be news to Jenny . jenny she be ? CUT to : int . harry phan's estate / basement gym - night stigg be busy kickbox a punch bag in phan 's high tech gym and the room be dark . a simple light illuminate this corner of the room . a dark presence enter the gym and wait by the door . stigg be stop by the sound of a door creak open , turn . harry we have a problem . the almost black silhouette of Harry phan step closer into the light as he face be fully reveal . harry ( cont 'd ) Officer benson be dead and we police friend have the girl . stigg ignore Harry , hit and kick the bag as he move ina tight circle . harry ( cont 'd ) it seem we involvement with detective Stone have become more trouble than it 's worth . I be count on you to take care of it . stigg finally stop , face Harry , who offer nothing more but a smile as he exit the room . CUT to : 109 int . eddie stone's house / dine room - morning Stone stare down at the back pack fill with ninety thousand dollar in cash sit on a pricey glass dining table . he be lock in on this money - focus . Stone rub the stubble on he face in a nervous fit , pace the floor . several piece of luggage be pack and ready as they rest on the tile . Stone be shocked to see -- weinberg stand in a door frame , he gun aim and ready to shoot . weinberg go somewhere , Stone ? stone what the hell be you do in my house ? weinberg if you think I be go down alone , you be crazier than I think . stone you have one other option . you can kill the girl , along with rosewood and foley . weinberg so , paint a even bigger target on my back while you be sit on a beach with ninety grand ? I do not think so . stone so you come here to take the money ? weinberg no . I come here to kill you and take the money . stone not very smart . killing a cop . you be in enough trouble as it be . the way I see it ... you need I . 110 weinberg I need you ? how ? stone to get rosewood and foley out of the picture . for good . tonight . Stone cautiously step closer to weinberg , who get nervous and back out of the dining room , into the live room . stone ( cont 'd ) you only other option be to run . and you will not get far . not as long as they be alive . you know this . weinberg stay back . Stone force he further into the live room . stone we be run out of time . if we be gonna do this , I need you to focus . no more game . live room weinberg pull back the hammer on he pistol . weinberg I say get back . stone do not be stupid . without I , you be dead . Drop the gun . and from behind a wall jump stigg with a hypodermic needle as he jam it in Stone 's neck . Stone collapse to the tile floor as weinberg lower he weapon . weinberg there . you get he . now give I the money . stigg crack a evil smile as he nod toward the dining room , give weinberg the signal to grab the cash . 111 weinberg hurry back into -- the dine room and snag the bag of money from the glass table . he check to see if stigg be watch he and bolt for the front door . CUT to : ext . eddie stone's house / driveway - morning weinberg rush to he car , jump in with the bag of money . int . weinberg's car —- morning weinberg stick in he key . not a click . nothing . the car be completely dead . weinberg start , you sonofabitch ! weinberg spot stigg stand in front of he car . a machine gun aim , lock and ready . the windshield be riddle with automatic gunfire - as weinberg be quickly kill . stigg crack a toothy grin as he head for the passenger side door , grab the money from the empty seat . CUT to : int . eddie stone's house / live room - morning Stone 's unconscious body sit limp in a expensive recliner as stigg place a forty five in he lifeless hand . stigg be now wear goggle and cover in a black trash bag material from head to toe . he hold the forty five to Stone 's temple , pull the trigger . pow ! a bright crimson red spray across a white leather couch and a marble coffee table . 112 ext . hollywood hill / grassy bluff - day Harry phan 's mercede limo sit in a empty field overlook a very scenic downtown Los Angeles . Harry lean on the hood , smoke a cigarette as stigg arrive in he car and park some few foot away . stigg step out with the bag full of ninety thousand in cash as he slowly approach . harry May I presume that mister Stone be no longer ? stigg nod . harry ( cont 'd ) good . but foley and rosewood have become a bigger problem than I have first anticipate . one of Harry 's soldier step out of the limo with another bag of cash . Harry take it , unzip and flash it to stigg . harry ( cont 'd ) one hundred thousand . Harry zip it up , toss it in the dirt in front of stigg . harry ( cont 'd ) if foley and rosewood be not dead by day 's end ... I will have no choice but to assume you split with my money . and then I will kill you . be this understand ? stigg smile , head back to he car , throw the bag inside as he step in . Harry smile as stigg drive off . CUT to : ext . hollywood hill / two lane highway - day stigg exit a dirt road and enter the thin , two lane blacktop . he pick up speed as he venture off on he mission . CUT to : 113 int . stigg car - day stigg use a free hand to unzip the bag of money , peek inside and spot a stack of cash . he hear a slight ticking under the pile of money . he push away what turn out to be a short stack of bill and discover a bomb just three second from detonation . ext . hollywood hill / two lane highway - day as stigg car careen out of control -- boom ! it explode into a hundred piece of flame and rubble . a blazing tire bounce over a bluff and down a hill . phan 's limo pass and a rear window lower . and Harry sneak a quick look at he handy work . over black superimpose : one month later int . utopia HOTEL and spa / banquet room - day the room sit half in the hotel , half on a sand dune overlook the beach , no wall or window , just a open deck with Greek - like pillar hold it all up . every table in the room be fill with eager face , all dress to the nine , sip momosa or have coffee . Harry phan sit at a stretch table under a giant banner that read utopia HOTEL and spa grand open . Nick thomopolis sit at a table up front , flashy suit and tie . the gorgeous hostess take to the podium to welcome everyone for come . a tall , chinese - american goddess in a thousand dollar gown with fake , oversize breast . hostess welcome . and thank you for come to the grand open of the utopia Hotel and spa . 114 the crowd erupt with applause and cheer . hostess ( cont 'd ) as a token of we appreciation for you support , you will find at you table a one week complimentary pass for you and a guest . all expense pay . the crowd all reach for a stack of card at the center of they respective table as the room fill with excited chatter . hostess ( cont 'd ) of course ... none of this would be possible if it be not for one man . a man with a true vision . please put you hand together for my husband ... mister Harry phan . the room fill with deafen applause as Harry take to the podium , kiss he wife . before he can utter he first word -- axel strut he way to the front , microphone in hand . axel that 's right ! the man of the hour ! mister Harry phan ! give it up ! I say give it up for Harry ! axel clap he palm together , cause some reverb on the hot mic in he hand . the crowd all cover they ear . axel ( cont 'd ) I gotta tell you , nobody 's as excited to be here as I be . to be here ... side by side with my friend Harry phan . to celebrate this special day . I can tell he 's just as excited to see I here . Harry shoot he the look of death . axel ( cont 'd ) look at the look on he face . priceless . 115 axel ( cont 'd ) as many of you already know ... Harry have sacrifice a lot to be here . and face just as many challenge along the way . thomopolis shift in he seat , cover up he face from view as axel pat he on the shoulder . axel ( cont 'd ) Nick thomopolis , lady and gentleman . from gun and drug to hotel . good to see you , Nick . thomopolis give a quick wave hello to the crowd as he bury he face in he hand . axel pace the floor under the podium as Harry give he the thousand yard stare . axel ( cont 'd ) but one thing you need to know about Harry ... be when he set he mind to do something , he do not let anything or anyone get in he way . not the FBI , the IRS , not even a federal indictment can stop Harry from open he hotel . the crowd all turn and stare , whisper to one another . axel ( cont 'd ) and it 's not just he that deserve the credit . as I look out here into this crowd ... I see the many face that have also sacrifice themselves and they time to fulfill Harry 's dream . there be several table up front fill with Harry 's young man and lady . his '' soldier '' . axel ( cont 'd ) most people would say fuck it . I can do this on my own , but not Harry . he say I do not care how we raise the money . stand on the corner , sling drug , prostitute yourself , it do not matter . ( beat ) all that matter be the vision . 116 a couple of Harry 's Soldiers , dress in white tuxedo , begin to the front of the room , eye on axel . axel ( cont 'd ) and I see many face here today , that have not only give themselves , but have sell they own body for this man , mister Harry phan . as the two soldier draw closer , Harry warn they off with a nod and a simple wave of the hand . the two soldier reluctantly back off but hold they ground and stare back at axel with a look that could kill . axel ( cont 'd ) you might know they . they may be sit next to you right now . they may be you neighbor . they may even be you son or daughter . you never know . thomopolis quietly sneak for the exit . axel ( cont 'd ) Nick thomopolis ! he say congrat on the hotel , Harry , but kiss my ass and have a nice day . I be out . thomopolis jet for the beach , never look back . axel give he a nice round of applause as he pat he two palm together and cause another wick reverb . the crowd all cover they ear . axel ( cont 'd ) now I do not wanna steal the show . after all , this be Harry 's special day . to tell you the truth , he do not have that much longer to truly appreciate the fruit of he labor with he upcoming trial , so I be gonna leave and let he enjoy this little bit of time he have leave in peace . so thank you , Harry . enjoy you brunch . it 's Miller time . thank you . axel drop the mic on the floor as the reverb send the room in a uproar . he head for the exit . 117 ext . beverly drive - day Harry 's limo casually cruise the palm tree dot strip - back to the mansion . int . harry limo - day Harry sit in the back with a sour scowl on he face , sip on a scotch rock as he reflect on he ruin grand open . he peek through the front windshield as the limo creep over a steep hill and be surprised to see a police roadblock sit dead center of the posh street . harry mother-fucker . ( to driver ) get we out of here ! CUT to : ext . harry phan's estate - day along with a couple dozen squad car , mark and unmark , stand several uniformed cop , detective , and axel and rosewood . rosewood smile as he spot the limo creep to a stop . axel also smile as he strut down the street toward they . the limo cut down a side street at high speed , screeching the tire on the asphalt . CUT to : ext . side STREET / beverly drive - day Harry 's limo try its best to evade authority but screech to a halt as four squad car block the street from both side . int . harry limo - day Harry pull he gun as he spot several uniform cop jump out of they car . he turn around , spot several more car pull up from behind . CUT to : 118 ext . side STREET / beverly drive - day Harry 's limo be quickly surround with armed officer as they draw down on the rear windshield and back passenger window . one officer force out the driver at gunpoint . rosewood 's Lexus arrive on the scene as axel and rosewood step out with beam smile . axel I will be back . rosewood axel . it 's do . let they handle it . axel walk to the limousine and signal the officer to back off as he jump in the back seat . rosewood ( cont 'd ) okay . never mind . fuck I . rosewood shake he head , give up . CUT to : int . harry limo - day axel sit across from a very upset Harry . the two be silent at first as axel sport a big , wide grin . axel so . here we be . I never really have a chance to introduce myself . my name be axel foley . axel pull the photo of lola from he coat pocket . hand it to Harry . axel ( cont 'd ) and that be lola . she 's the reason I get into this mess . Harry look at the photo . harry pretty girl . 119 axel she be . she get kill . harry that 's too bad . axel yeah , I can tell you be real break up about it . harry lola be special . Fresh . not yet bruise by the ugliness of the world and so full of life and promise . I have high hope for she . but , like so many other , she choose to throw it away . and for what ? peace of mind ? Harry scoff . harry ( cont 'd ) you police department pretend to care , yet thousand of young woman just like she be still on the street and they do nothing . Harry lean in closer to axel . harry ( cont 'd ) how long do you think the lola 's of this world can last on they own ? I give she a home . I make a place for she . and for many like she . and you friend in the police choose to get she kill . Harry laugh . harry ( cont 'd ) for what ? so they can get the bad guy . no matter who die in the process . ( beat ) you think I be the problem ? my friend , you be the problem . axel play interested as he slump forward in he seat and rest he face in he hand in a mock fashion . 120 harry ( cont 'd ) you be the problem because you and all like you refuse to face you own greed . you see it as a cancer . something dark and unholy . lola know who she be and what she want , and she go after it . and now she 's dead for what ? ( laugh ) because she choose to do the right thing ? now do not you think if she have the chance to do it over again , she would do thing a bit differently ? ( serious ) the hypocrisy of the police department be almost absurd . axel take a moment to soak it all up . axel you know , I be a cop for twenty five year and I have come up against some real nasty bastard , but you ... ( beat ) you be something special . Harry smile and nod . axel ( cont 'd ) anyway , I just want you to get a good look at my face . you know , so you can think of it every night when you be cryin ' yourself to sleep in you prison cell and masturbate with you own tear and shit like that . Harry be second from pull he gun on axel as he grip he pistol tighter and tighter . axel ( cont 'd ) do I a favor though . just when you be gettin ' ready to finish , think ' axel foley ' . every day you be gonna be say to yourself ' I be in here playin ' with my own shit and never gonna get pussy again cos of axel foley ' . that 's what I want you to do . 121 axel ( cont 'd ) anyway , I do not know if you notice or not , but there 's some cop outside wait , so I will let they to it . take care of yourself . axel step out , but stop half way . axel ( cont 'd ) oh , yeah . one more thing . Harry wait for it . axel ( cont 'd ) fuck you . axel spit dead in he face . a smug smile on Harry 's face as he slowly wipe it away . axel ( cont 'd ) that 's for lola . axel go on he way , leave Harry to himself as the officer quickly place he in custody . ext . jenny' house / pool deck - dusk the bright orange sunset that start we story be back and it 's slowly fall over the ocean 's still horizon . axel work the grill as he cook up some dog and burger while Jan sit in rosewood 's lap , feed he fresh strawberry . they giggle like schoolkid while -- Jenny watch they , jelly face , from a deck chair , a drink in hand . she roll she eye . johnny and Jordan soak they foot in the hot tub while taggert and retire Police Chief andrew bogomil appear from inside with a bottle of champagne . taggert blow the cork . pop ! taggert okay . I never get the chance to properly toast my son and he beautiful bride . 122 johnny and Jordan smile , share a tight hug . taggert ( cont 'd ) johnny . that mean you . get you ass over here . they all share a laugh . johnny and Jordan join the other as bogomil help pour and hand everyone a glass of champagne . bogomil do not spill . this be the good stuff . I hear we have axel to thank . jenny ( curious ) hey . where do you get that ? do you find that in the wine cellar ? axel it do not matter where we find it . the man 's tryin ' to give a toast . let he have he moment . taggert ( to johnny and Jordan ) here 's to you never end happiness and to new beginning . rosewood and Jan share a smile as she wipe some strawberry off he cheek . taggert ( cont 'd ) ( to rosewood ) to see old friend . and remember what 's really important . rosewood tip he glass to taggert , and then axel . he also tip he glass to Jenny who crack a grin . taggert ( cont 'd ) I know none of we be promise forever . so I just want to be sure to say , just in case I never get the chance , that I love you . all of you . axel here here . 123 they all chug they glass in unison . rosewood stand , join hand with Jan as they join the group . rosewood I guess this would be as good a time as ever to share we news . axel and the other brace themselves . axel you be pregnant ? bogomil axel , please . ( to Jan ) you be not , be you ? Jan smack axel on the chest as rosewood laugh . jan no . I think I will stick with three , dad , thank you . rosewood so anyways . where be I ? axel oh , sorry . you be about to tell you dad you guy be get marry . my fault . jan axel ! shit ! bogomil be overjoy as he give rosewood a giant hug , and then he daughter . bogomil that 's wonderful . Jenny join they , give rosewood a quick hug and a kiss on he cheek . she give he a '' it 's okay '' look before hugging Jan . jenny congratulation . you have yourself a good man . take care of he . 124 Jan wipe she tear as she and rosewood embrace . Jordan be jelly face as she shoot the remainder of she champagne . johnny notice she 's upset . johnny what 's you problem ? jordan nothing . it 's just that this be we moment . they be steal we thunder . johnny you be be silly . stop it . jordan I be not be silly . axel set he glass down and pull rosewood and johnny away from the crowd , throw a arm around each of they . axel man , this be just too much . all of we together . two of my favorite guy get marry . tell you what . today be you lucky day , cos yours truly be throw he hat into the ring and unselfishly volunteering himself to throw the bomb bacherlor party to end all bachelor party . rosewood ( whisper ) axel . not now . Jenny smile , cross she arm . jenny axel ...? axel no , no , no . I know what you guy be think . it 's not gonna be like that . we be talk a very boring , very straight - lace bachelor party with just the guy . nothing but we guy . 125 Jan point she boney finger at axel . jan no funny business . johnny wink at axel . Jordan shoot johnny a nasty stare . axel be you kid ? Nah . I be just talkin ' about a small get together with just the guy , that 's all . taggert and bogomil share a smile . bogomil why do I get the feel there 's more to this story . axel it just so happen that on the way over here I find the perfect place for you guy . it 's nice and quiet . absolutely no woman around . no alcohol . very dull and conservative . you be gonna love it . taggert , bogomil , Jenny , Jan and Jordan all give he a unsure look . he 's full of it . axel ( cont 'd ) trust I . axel turn and stare into the camera as we freeze frame on he face and trademark smile . fade out . cast of character axel foley eddie murphy billy rosewood judge reinhold John taggert JOHN ashton Eddie Stone peter weller Harry phan cary-hiroyuki tagawa Lt. weinberg saul rubinek Jenny summer lisa eilbacher