" beverly hill €.o pp " screenplay by Daniel petrie , Jr. Story by danilo bach & Daniel petrie , Jr. this script be not for publication or reproduction . no one be authorize to dispose of same . if lose or destroy , please notify and / or return to script department . Don Simpson - Jerry bruckheimer prods. in association with Eddie Murphy prods . paramount picture corporation revised final draft 5555 melrose Avenue May 14 , 1984 Los Angeles , CA 90038 ( 213 ) 468-5000 with revision date 7/26/84 as . shot " beverly hill co p " screenplay by Daniel petrie , Jr. Story by danilo bach & Daniel petrie , Jr. this script be not for publication or reproduction . no one be authorize to dispose of same . if lose or destroy , please notify and / or return to script department . Don Simpson - Jerry bruckheimer prods. in association with Eddie Murphy prods . paramount picture corporation revised final draft 5555 melrose Avenue May 14 , 1984 Los Angeles , CA 90038 ( 213 ) 468-5000 with revision date 7/26/84 as shot " beverly hill cop " screenplay by Daniel petrie , Jr. Story by danilo bach & Daniel petrie , dr. this script be not for publication or reproduction . no one be authorize to dispose of same . if lose or destroy , please notify and / or return to script department . Don Simpson - Jerry bruckheimer prods. in association with Eddie Murphy prods . paramount picture corporation revised final draft 5555 melrose Avenue May 14 , 1984 Los Angeles , CA 90038 ( 213 ) 468-5000 with revision date 7/26/84 as_shot as shot 5/14/84* " beverly hill cop " 1 ext . the CITY of detroit -~ helicopter shot -- day 1 we hear a pound , high energy soul / rock song that capture the city heartbeat , 2 ext . detroit street -- various angle -= day 2 as the song continue we see quick image of Detroit : 3 a steel plant 3 dating from the turn of the century in full swing . 4 burned out tenement 4 in the shadow of new high rise hotel , 5 a billboard 5 put up by the United Auto worker read : " we do not like you japanese car . Park it in Tokyo .* 6 several hookers 6 in miniskirt wait outside a auto plant for the shift to change . 7 a group 7 of what politician call the '' hardcore unemployed " watch kid keep cool at a open fire hydrant . 8 ext . a detroit STREET ~~ day 8 decrepit , abandon factory line the block ; there 's no sign of life here . halfway down the block , apparently desert , be a huge peterbilt lé-wheel semi . the door of the rear trailer be partially open . 9 int . the rear trailer -- day g* the trailer be pack , almost floor to ceiling , with case of cigarettes . there 's a narrow aisle of sort between the stack of cigarettes . two small time hood , carlotta and mirsky , stand in the center of the aisle , whisper to each other , ( continued ) as shot 5/14/84 * 9 continued : mirsky _ the truck look great . there 's a fuck fortune here man . carlotta ( hand gesture lift shirt up ) I know carlotta and a case of cigarettes , drop from overhead , narrowly miss carlotta and mirsky , landing at they foot . axel foley , a very good , out -go , totally unselfconscious man cf 23 , hop down into frame from the top of the stack of cigarette case . axel be dress very casually in a pair of jeans and a denim snirt . axel come on now . hey what do ya want to do . tell I something ? axel rip open the case he 's toss down from above , pick a carton at random , tear it open , and hand carlotta and mirsky a pack of cigarettes each . carlotta . give I a minute axel this be lucky strike . very popular with the child . you get you federal tax stamp on the back of every one . they do not come any cleaner than this . this be the best . talk to I , gimme ' something . carlotta so why do not you keep they , go into business for yourself , it 's such a fuck good deal ? axel hey , man I do not know anybody in Detroit that could handle a job this size . you guy S be suppose to be connect in this town , carlotta and mirsky look at eachother , carlotta turn the pack of steal cigarettes over and over in he hand . axel listen , you do what you want . you do not like the deal , just walk away . I 'ma business man . carlotta raise he eyebrow : mirsky nod . ( continued ) 10 11 as shot 5/14/84 * 3 as srot 5/15/84 ** continued : 9 + carlotta {to mirsky ) it be not easy to get rid of this shit . allright warm 'er up and let 's get the fuck outta here . mirsky head to the cab . carlotta give axel a playfully affectionate slap on the cheek . carlotta you be a sharp kid . he hand axel a envelope and axel count the content . ext . the truck ~ day lote mirsky look up and down the empty street before hopping into the cab and cranking the engine . int . rear tratler - day light axel cousin , my man . the deal be five thou , there 's only two grand here . carlotta ( feign innocence ) be that right ? lemme see that . whad 'ya know . I tell my people it be five grand , right ? but , look at this , they stiffe we . Son of a bitch . communication breakdown and what not , I tell you whta , take the fuckin ' two grand , do not hassle now , and I will make it up to you nice the next score you bring I . axel hey , what fuckin’ planet do you fall from . I will tell you what , gimme the five grand or go jerk somebody else off . carlotta hey , do not get unreasonable , I tell you I will not take care of you . you be not deal with johnny bananas . ( continued ) ll continued : 13 as shot 5/14/84 * as shot §/15/84 ** 3a * axel hey , watch my lip , pogo . pivee -. fuck - grand . . carlotta ( get angry ) you gonna be a asshole , you can . fuck smoke the whola truckload yourselé , fr '' " I do not smoke . I get people I deal with . I can not go around fuckin ' make up price in my head . axel and carlotta notice a patrol car riding down the alley towards they . carlotta fuck this . Nice doin ' business with ya , kid . carlotta yank the envelope away from axel and step ' out of the trailer . ext . the truck ~ angle . on the rear trailer = day 12 ** carlotta hag just jump down from the rear trailer ; axel be at the edge of the trailer , hand on the cord that lower the rear door : they stand freeze . * there p.o.v . 13 a Detroit police car have pull up right behind they . axel be avs lip form the word '' shit , '' but he do not speak out loud , as shot 5/14/84 * as shot 5/15/84 ** 4 , 15 16 1 ? 18 19 20 angle on the police car be * two youngish cop , tie untied , bomber jacket half open hair rather too long to go with the uniform cap , get out of they car , first cop hey buddy , whatcha do here ? in the cab 167 * mirsky have the engine run . he stare out the side view mirror at the cop walk toward the truck . he lick he lip and put the truck into gear , ready to take off . axel 17 ? try to play it cool . axel hey shit , you know what just happen ? the truck just stop . so -- do you get some jumper cable ? the second cop have be stare at axel . , second cop do not I know you from someplace ? : axel that 's not I , [ be from buffalo . . first cop both you guy , break out some i.d . carlotta 1e** panic and run toward a pickup truck park across the street . the cop draw they gun . but carlotta keep run . the first cop chase after he . omitted ( cover in se. 16 ) 19 ** axel 20** be still stand on the bed of hte rear trailer of the move truck . the second cop yell at he . . second cop get down offa there ! ( continued ) 20 2l 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 4/30/84 ey continued : 20 ~- but axel stay right where he be , hang on as the truck gain speed , the second cop fire a warning shot ; axel brace himself at the side of the trailer to offer a narrow target but now the truck be go about 40 as it take the next corner and the rear trailer 21 bounce up over the curb as the truck cut the corner too close , it look like the truck be go to jackknife , but instead it come out of the turn gather more speed . axel 22 be nearly throw off the rear of the truck , but he hang on . the detroit police car 23 follow , sire scream . its revolve red light provide the only color in the otherwise monochromatic industrial landscape . the truck 24 hurtle almost out of control down street and around corner as mirsky 25 at the wheel take increasingly dement chance , tfy desperately to get away from the police car : 26 ~ - and two more cop car join the chase as we watch . : the giant truck 27 pound over uneven railroad track at eighty - seven mile a hour ; the fantastic vibration nearly shake the suspension apart , while back in the rear trailer 28 the neat stack of cigarette case go fly everywhere and 29 39 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 as shot 6/12 * 6. axel 23 be force to play dodge - ball with case of cigarettes that bounce past he and out into the roadway . the truck speed down 30 a street that come to a dead end at a abandon factory . mirsky do not even slow down : he steer the truck toward the great gape hole that be once the factory entrance . int . the abandoned factory 31 the huge semi fly across the ancient , bare factory floor , scatter debris , send up cloud of dust ; without slow the truck blast out the other side . the police car follow , back in the sunlight 32 the truck barrel down toward a major intersection , mirsky hit the air horn , axel in the back 33 be try to hang on while in the intersection 34 car swerve out of the way of the truck which mirsky aim - : 35 at the center of a narrow one way street across the intersection , the truck blast 36 across the intersection and up the one way street , but the street be just a hair too marrow for the giant truck : its side catch on the park car on either side of the street , sip they open , axel be plung forward 37 deep into the rear trailer as the truck abruptly slow ; case of cigarettes be flung forward on top of he , as shot 5 / 16 * ag shot 6/12 ** 7 the police car 7 38 skid to a stop behind the truck . Metal scream and crunch ; finally the truck come to a halt . mirsry 39 hop out of the cabea and sprint up the street and into a alley ; the cop can not chase he because the truck be block the way . angle on the rear trailer 40 ** a pile of cigarette case begin to move ; axel emerge from underneath they . he stagger toward the edge of the trailer , reverse angle ~~ axel' Pov 41 ** six uniform Detroit cop be point they gun right at axel . a cop preeze , assholel axel raise hia hand and stand very still . another of the uniform cop -- a sergeant -~ lower he gun . sergeant sbdte omitted 42 : int . hallway ~~ detroit police headquarters -~ day 43 % axel push through the door mark " investigation operation division , * , int. investigation operation division -- day '' 44 % axel walk into a large room fill with desk ; it look like the city room of a old fashioned newspaper , with over - flow file basket , manual typewriter and dial telephone . there 's be no new equipment or even paint in this room since the building be build in the ' 30' , and it sure showa . . ( continued ) 44 ba sou . 5,/48/84* continued 8. * 44 axel hey . first cop Way to go man . jeffrey I do not understand . jeffrey friedman , a twenty - eight year old detective , jump up from he kesk and hurry toward axel . if Jeffrey be not a friend , axel probably would have shot he long ago . he 's a classic nudge and he never stop talk . axel I do not have time for you today , Jeffrey . jeffrey Todd 's be look for you all day . he 's really piss . say this be you worst fuck - up yet . but I think he 's be unfair . axel glance toward a glass - in office at the far end of the room . it 's empty . jeffrey he be not in . axel yeah , I can see that , Jeffrey . jeffrey I bet if you bust this guy , he would not be so mad . but I hear you get catch up haggling about the price or something . axel two grand be too cheap for that stuff . they would have know for be a cop . jeffrey Todd 's gonna drill you a new asshole . . axel that will be the third asshole Todd 's drill . jeffrey I be not say you do anything wrong I be just asy it would have be nice if you have make the bust . ( continued ) as shot 5/16/84 * 44 continued ( 2 ) axel head for the stair at the Jeffrey come around the counter jeffrey hey , axel ! where be axel 8a far end of the room . and follwo after he . you go ? I be gonna get my shit and get out of here before Todd jeffrey get back . Big mistake . I would not do that , axel . Todd 's really tick off this time . axel Jeff , get away from I , I be gonna shoot you . jeffrey can I tell you what axel no . axel exit with Jeffrey behind . T think ? 44 * 45 as shot 5/17/84* omitted int . locker room detroit police headquarters - day Jeffrey follow axel into a big old combination locker room / bathroom , which be fill with half - naked cop . the cop applaud . '' axel I be not listen to you . third cop hey axel , you get a cigarette ? axel grin and give they the finger as he walk through the bathroom toward he locker . Jeffrey tagging along . jeffrey ( explain ) they all hear about you and the truck , axel , axel well that would explain it . I be ignore it Jeffrey ( make noise hold ear ) jeffrey I hate it when you do that , tt 's childish . 46 as shot $ /17/84* continued : 9a inspector todd ( yell 0.8 . ) be that fuckin 's foley in here ? axel oh shit . jeffrey that 's Todd . he still sound angry . inspector todd , a no -nonsense black man of forty ~ five with hint of grey at the temple , stride through the locker room towards axel . Jeffrey slide away from axel . Todd storm right up to axel . axel boss I know what you be go to say . inspector todd ( interrupt ) where the hell you come off go undercover without authorization . you wanna play some bulishit cowboy cop , you go do it in somebody else 's precinct . axel so you do not want to hear my side of the story ? inspector todd what 's you fuck side of the story ? . axel let 's hear what you have first . inspector todd hey , axel . I be not gonna take much more of you bullshit . you know how much this little stunt of yours be gonna cost the city ? ( continued ) 46 ° 46 as shot 5 a* 10 continued 's 5/17/8 46 axel I do not think cost be the issue sir . the issue be my blantant disregard for proper procedure " inspector todd you damn right , wise - ass ! the Mayor call the Chief , the Chief call the deputy Chief , and the deputy Chief eat my ass out , you see I do not have a fuckin’ bit of it leave . now , what the fuck be you do with that goddamn truck full of cigarettes anyway ? axel well , that be from the dearborn hijack ..... inspector todd from the dearborn , that bust go down last week . that truck be suppose to be in the goddamn pound . axel ~ well , yes sir , but they do not exactly have room for it down there . it 's a pretty long piece of equipment , but I do not have to tell you that . inspector todd no , you do not . so you figure you might as well run one of you fuck scam , Inspector Todd suddenly whip around and almost catch Jeffrey in the act of imitate he . jeffrey if you have listen to I in the first place . inspector todd this be none of you business . Jeffrey do not fool arcund with Todd . he go to stand over there , Todd call out to the cther cop inspector todd you guy get nothing better to do . ( Todd pull axel aside and soften a bit ) you have a fuckin ' squad here , axel why do not you use they . if you have someone stashed down the street ( continued ) 46 as shot 5/17/84* continued inspector todd with a goddamn radio in they car they could have intercept the scout car before it get there and all this . shit would not have happen . 168 ag * as as ag shot 5/16/84 * shot 5/17/84 ** shot 5/23/384*** 46 continced ( 3 ) : axel 46** 46 a 47 well sir , I be willing to chalk all this up to a valuable learn experience if you be . Todd study axel for a moment . inspector todd alright , axel , I be through but no more of this mcther~ - fuck setup . you be a good cop . you get a lot of potential . but you do not know everything . and I will téll you something else , I be tired of take the fuck heat for you . one more time and you ass be out on the street . do you understand I ? do you understand I ? axel yes I understand . hey boss ... Todd start walk away . Todd turn . axel . the chief do not chew on you ass . you still get a ass leave . inspector todd do not fuck with I now , axel . go on , go home . axel turn to Jeffrey . axel ( to Jeffrey ) what can I tell you , the guy love I . ext . detroit police headquarters ~- evening 46ar axel come out of the massive building and get into he illegally park chevy nova . ext . axel be STREET - evening 47 *** it 's almost dark and there be very few streetlamp on this rundown street , but that do not deter the neighborhood kide - 90 % black , 0 % rich - from play stickball . the kid make way fr axel 's car . axel park he nova in front of a hydrant and wave to the kid ; the kid be all friendly with axel and they wave back . 48 as shot $/21/84* int . axel' apartment build ~- evening axel pause outside he apartment door . it 's slightly ajar . axel unholster he service revolver and enter quietly . 12 . 4g¢ 49 as shot 5/18/b4 * 13. int . axel' apartment ~- evening 49 axel enter he apartment after find the door have see leave ajar . he -cock he gun and slowly work he way to the kitchen where he find he old friend michael tandino sitti eat a sandwich . axel hey ! mikey mister Officer , pleese do not shoot I . axel how you doin ' ? you loak good . still break into people 's house . mikey what do you expect with a lock like that ? why do not you buy yourself a lock ? axel T do not need a lock . I get my pistol . I can pop a cap in some - body . yo , but do not leave my refrigerator door open . roaches come in ... mikey six month ago . I get a year off for good time . axel you be out six month and you do not call I !? where you be ? mikey California . . axel I see you darker . think you be a Puerto rican . where you stay ? you gotta stay here , I insist you stay ... mikey I can not stay that long . I can only stay a couple of hour . axel aw this suck , mikey , vou be out six month and then you come by for two minute and then you dash ... ( continued ) * 49 as shot 5/1 continued : mikey pull out a loud Hawaiian print ie see mikey hey , I get something to show you . look at this , ten thousand Deutsche mark . this be what they call bearer bond . untraceable . axel you steal they ? mikey axel iodo not care . I do not want to hear . mikey Mr , karpinowski 's gonna give thirty - five thousand dollar for ‘em . axel I do not wanna hear this man , I do not wanna hear this ... mikey you know man , I be gonna miss you . axel I miss you too . thirty - five thousand , what be you gonna do ? mikey this time I have get everything plan , no fuck up . I be go to Mexico . axel why melico ? mikey well , after this , where else be I gonna go . axel let 's go to a bar and get something to drink . mikey wait , I get you a surpirse . Close you eye . axel my eye be close . mikey how do you like it ? axel my eye be close . shirt from he bag . 49 50 as shot 5/24/84 * 1438. continued : 50 * mikey anyway , this guy who own the gallery -- the guy she get I the job with -~ this guy 's get a house worth nine million dollar -- unfurnish . it 's a palace . fool player eight ball , corner pocket . two cushion . mikey fifty dollar you do not make that shot . pool player bullshit . mikey a hundred . pool player Bet . the pool player make the shot . mikey shrug he shoulder . axel and mikey axel come on , let 's sit down . move to the bar and sit down . mikey {to the waitress ) exeuse I , miss ... miss ... two more scotch and soda . axel I be all right . mikey two more scotch and soda . oh shit , what time you get ? axel ten thirty . mikey listen , I gotta get outta here . axel you just order two drink . mikey all right . after this I be goin’ . T have get business to do , ( continued } as shot $ /24/84 * be . 30 continued ( 2 ) : 50 * axel look at you . you be in no shape to do business . mikey give the waitress a twenty . they get up to mikey what be you talk about ? ( to waitress ) keep it . axel you just give she a twenty for two scotch and soda . yaah , you be in good shape . look , whatever you get to do tonight , it can wait ' till tomorrow . you be gonna come back with I and stay at my place . mikey axel ! I gotta great idea . let 's steal a car . axel get the fuck outta here . I 'ma police officer , I can not steal a car . mikey remember that time we stold that cadillac ? axel I do remember . yeah , you have to go to jail . mikey that be no jail . that be state school ... like summer camp . axel how come you never ratted on I ? mikey you do not know ... because I love you , man . axel come on , let 's get outta here . leave and mikey leave he paper sack behind . axel do not forget you deutsch mark stupid . they move toward the exit and we cut to : 50 as shot 5/24/84 * 14a , int . detroit pool hall - night sor axel play pool with a pool player , mikey sit at the bar watch . axel so what be you do cut in California ? mikey work . axel work ?! where ? mikey guess . axel I do not know . where be you work at ? mikey beverly Hills , and be you ready for this ? I be a security guard . axel who the fuck would hire you as a security guard ? mikey Jenny summer . axel Jenny summer ?! mikey oh , I forget to tell you . her brother frankie tell I she be out there so I look she up when I get ‘out . axel how be Jenny , anyway ? mikey oh man , she 's doin ' great . she manage this art gallery in beverly Hills . the hollis benton Art Gallery . suppose to be world famous . ever hear of it ? axel yeah , I buy all my art there . ( continued ) as shot 5/21/84 * 16 . int . akel be apt . build - night mikey lean up against the wall as axel unlock he apartment door . mikey I get a idea . you be gonna come to Mexico with I . axel I be not spend all my money ~ - mikey you gotta come . you gotta come . casey , a ugly thug , be come down the stair . axel look at mikey who be suddenly sober and very nervous , then turn to look at casey . axel sit here now . you be real fuck up . I be gonna let go . with terrifying suddenness , before axel can turn around , a blackjack slam down on he head . the force of the blow knock axel across the narrow hallway ; he tumble down it as casey throw mikey into a wall . the man who hit axel step out into the hallway . he be zack danton , bear to be a professional murderer . zack hey mikey , where you be ? mikey what 's up zack ? zack what do you get there ? casey what 's this , you laundry ? mikey I swear to Christ I be gonna bring it back . zack do you get lose ? mikey no man . [ I come to visit my friend . ( continued ) we 51 52 through 53 54 as shot $ /21/84 * 17 . as shot 5/22/84** continued : sie zack what be we gonna do about this , mikey ? mikey there be a whole box . I do not think anyone would miss ‘em . why do not you just take ‘em back and forget about ‘em ? tne whole thing . please Zack , . please ... zack oxay , mikey , I be tell you , do not ever show you face out there again ... ever . Zack put he arm around mikey 's shoulder and start to walk he down the hallway . suddenly Zack throw mixey to he hand and knee and put a silence . 22 to the back of he head , and fire twice . . 52 omitted through 33 ext . axel be build ~ night 54 ** a fair size crowd of silent onlooker , almost all black , stand behind the police barricade set up around axel 's building . uniform policement stand around in front of the barricade , bored . ncontined ) as shot 5/22-23/84 * 13 axel' build - night 54 x a fair six crowd of silent onlooker , almost ali black , stand behind the police barricade set up around axel 's pbuild . uniform policeman stand around in front of the barricade , bored . Seven unmark and mark Detroit police car and two wagon from the medical examiner 's office be park out front , they revolve red and amber light splaying on the building on both side of hte street . axel sit on the stoop of the building , stare straight ahead . his friend Jeffrey , pale and subdued , come out of the building and sit down beside axel . jepprey you gonna be alright ? axel I be okay . jeffrey you can stay at my place . sgt lou rand , come out of the building and walk down the step . he ignore Jeffrey but can not resist a snide comment to axel . axel I be okay . sgt . rand that true about you and the cigarette truck ? what a fuck up . rand walk away . jeffrey he 's a asshole . do not worry about he , axel ( to Jeffrey ) Heard they be put on the case . jeffrey yeah , that 's true . " axel this be bullshit . jeffrey they could have do worse . just a expression . Todd be right behind they talk to some policeman . ( continued ) 54 as shot 5/22-23/84 * continued todd Jeffrey , go tell that guy do traffic , we be through here . ( to axel ) it think I tell you to go to the hospital and get that bump on you head check out . axel my head be okay man . todd it 's not a request , axel . axel walk up to tedd . axel boss , can I talk to you for a second ? axel and todd step aside . axel boss , I hear a rumor you be go to put Lou rand on this case , the guy do not know the time of day . todd do not start with I now , axel . axel tonight 's the first time he 's leave he desk in twelve year . todd hey , at least he 's have twelve year this be a homicide case and it belong tc rand , now on to the hospital . axel but you do not mind if I ask around , do you ? todd this be rand 's case and you be not gonna do a damn thing , you be ass be skate on this ice as be . axel we be talk about a friend of mine , here . ( continued ) 19 . 34 as shot 5/22-23/84 * loa , continued ( 2 ) : todd study todd yes , we be , be not we ? and let 's take a clse look at that . one , we be talk about a hoodlum friend a ex-con , two , a professional hit . Three , in a cop 's apartment . the whole thing stink to high hell . axel what make you think it be a professional hit ? todd because I do not just walk into town out of the cotton field . whoever kill you fry be not worried about you little narrow ass . otherwise you would be lie next to he in that meat wagon . now just stay out of this and do not do a damn thing . axel boss . I get some vacation time come , I would like to take it right now . todd stay away from this case , axel . axel I just think I could use some time off now . axel for a moment . todd alright , as soon as theu finish look at you head at the hospital you be on you vacation . axel thanks . todd but , if you decide to butt into the case .... it will be the longest vacation you have ever hear of . as shot 3/25/84 * omitted int . mr. k's restaurant ~ night it 's after close time . axel wait in the hallway . a bodyguard approach . bodyguard Mr. karpinowski will see you now . int . mr. k's restaurant kitchen - night eu 59b * the staff be clean up . sitting at a small table eat a elegant meal be emil karpinowski , a powerful Detroit crime figure ; this restaurant be he front . bodyguard he 's in there . mr . karpinowski I be sorry to hear about mikey . you look terrible , you want something to eat ? axel no thanks . mr . karpinowski who would they put on the case ? axel rand . mr . k , rand ? in two week it will be a case of suicide . axel look , the reason I come be ... mr . K. I know the reason you come , and we have nothing to do with it . mikey be a sweet kid , wild and crazy maybe , but he do not deserve that . he call here yesterday . he say he have some stuff he want I to handle for he . he be gonna come by tonight , but we know he 's not gonna show . axel mikey have a job in beverly Hills . you know anything about that ? ( continued ) s9b 60 through 61 as shot 5/25/84* continued : axel study Mr. K. for a moment . pause . omitted 59a * mr. ok . ( reluctantly ) yeah , I hear he work for some guy out there that move a lot cf shit . axel I need a hand here , man . mr . k , lemme tell you something . this guy out on the west coast be inéependent . they go around and go they shit and do not ask anybody 's permission . you gonna try and find the guy who kill mikey ? trust I axel , you be out of you league . and that 's all it can tell you . axel so tell I something . would TI be make a mistake if I go . out to beverly Hills ? . mr . K. yes you would be make a mistake , but you would be on the right track . 60 through 61 as shot 3/21/84 * 23 . as shot 5/23/84** as shot 6/11/34*** as shot 6/12/84**** 62 int . axel' apartment -~ bedroom ~~ night 62 % axel pull jeans , shirt , shoe and underwear and money from he jumble drawer and jam they into a large drawstring laundry bag . from the back of the closet axel open the footlocker . 63 closer on the footlocker 63 * he dig around and find various equipment . 64 close on the case 64 * axel open it and take out a pistol and two spare magazine . the pistol be a 9 mm brown hi~power , a wick weapon that look like a high - tech version of the colt 45 ; the clip hold ] 5 round each . axel weigh the weapon in he hand , then put it and the spare magazine in the cardboard box . he unclip he service revolver and toss it in as well . 65 ext . axel' build <= night 65 ** axel put the cardboard box in trunk of the nova , toss the laundry bag into the back seat and slide behind the wheel . the engine roar to life . 65a int . axel be nova ~- angle on axel 65h ** his expression be relentlessly purposeful . dissolve to 66 ext . los angele -- new day 66 ** this be the kind of day -- bright , clear , 72 degree , smog free -- that lure million of people over the year in they innocence to come and live in Southern California . ( sc . 65aa ) **** as shot 6/11/84 * 24 67 through omitted 67 69 through * 63 70 ext . beverly hill street -- various angle -- day 70 we follow axel past the serene , haughty presbyterian Church ; he turn north and drive up a tree line street of handsome big home incongrously pack together on mall lot . axel turn to look at the roll , mercede , clenet that pass by . there be no people on the sidewalk ; the o¢assional gardener be the only sign of life . axel 's nova cross sunset - ~ we get a great view of the beverly Hills Hotel - - and cruise through the gentile hill north of sunset . here the home be grander the lot bigger , the landscape even more lavish . axel turn south again and drive down rodeo drive . joa ext . rodeo drive --day toa after it cross Santa monica , rodeo be no longer a residential street : it 's the heart of the beverly Hills so- call golden triangle . axel drive down it . 70b a knockout . 70b California blonde woman with surgically enhance breast and a dog . 70 cc axel 70c stare at she , then tromp on he brake . . 70d omitted 70d toe the cartier toe security guard walk to the curb , stare suspiciously at right at axel. 70f axel 70f ignore he ; he grin at 70g three teenage girl 70g unfortunatly on the chubby side , wear designer sweatshirt a la flashdance with the neckline cut off so the the shirt @xpose the shoulder . as shot €/5/84 * 24a as shot 6/11/84 ** 70h axel can't believe toha '' the silly clothes people be wear on this street . he can see where they buy they . 705 bald mannequin 70l in boutique window display trendy , trashy and -- to axel 's eye -- really dumb look clothing . 70i at the base of rodeo 70g * * be the landmark outside , 7 ext . wilshire boulevard ~~ day 71 * axel pull into the driveway of the beverly palm ; a latino kid -- he name tag read miguel ~ - yank open the door ; startling axel : there be not much valet parking in Detroit . _ miguel you check in today , sir ? axel that depend , be this place real expensive ? miguel not for beverly Hills . May I take you bag ? axel 's never stay at a hotel where someone take the bag . ( continued ) 71 t1a as shot 6/5/84* continued : as axel sure , that 's it in the front . miguel show as little shock as possible at the sight of the laundry bag . int . beverly palm '' 7 lobby -~ day axel be at the registration desk . he 's a little awed and uncomfortable in the big lobby . - clerk {on the telephone ) I be sorry sir we have absolutly nothing available tonight . May I suggest that next time you want a reservation , call and give a week advance . thank you . axel the nerve of some people , huh . clerk May I help you ? axel yes , do you have a reservation for a axel foley ? clerk uh , no , I be sorry I do not have a@ reservation under that name , axel be you serious ? the reservation be make month 's ago by Rolling Stone . clerk tt do not have anything in - my book . could it be under another name ? axel check Rolling Stone magazine axel foley . maybe that 's it , yes , that 's it . ( continued ) as shot 6/3/84* 7la continued : clerk pune I be sorry Mr. foley , there 's nothing here under that . axel - be you serious . there must be some mistake then with reservation . why do not you guy just give I a room now . I will go up and go to sleep . I be very tired . clerk I be sorry , but we do not have any room available . axel miss , do not you think I realize what 's go on here . do not you think I realize that if I be some hotshot from out of town that pull into this place , you make a reservation mistake , you would just give I a room right now . but I be not some hotshot from out of town , I be a smail reporter from Rolling Stone Magazine that 's in town to do a exclusive interview with Michael Jackson . a deep in - depth interview that 's gonna be pick up by every major magazine in the country . I be gonna call the article " Michael Jackson be sitting on top of the World . " but , now I think I might as well call it '' Michael Jackson can sit on top of the World just as Long as he noe not sit in the beverly Palm Hotel Cause there 's no niggers allow in there . " Hotel manager enter HOTEL manager Excuse I sir . it seem we have a last minute cancellation . we do have a room . it 's a suite but of course I will only charge you the single room rate . will that be satisfactory sir ? axel ok . I be sorry I get angry . it 's probably from jetlag or something like that . HOTEL manager yes , I understand sir . ( continued ) as shot 6/3/84* 7la continued : 25b . azel so how much be the rate anyway ? HOTEL manager it 's $ 235 dollar a night . axel pine , thank you . HOTEL manager ves , sir , that will be suite ten thirty - five . axel thank you very much . HOTEL manager yes sir . axel right . if Michael call for I tell he what room I be in . 72 through 80 80 a gl as shot 7/17/84 omitted ext . wilshire near rodeo -- day a couple of well dressed shopper and a lady with a poG be admire a highly abstract painting in the window of the hollis coyne Gallery . axel look at they , look at the painting , shake he head and go on in the door . int . the hollis coyne gallery -- day axel enter and wander through the gallery , not know 26 . 72 through '' bo . 80 a 81 quite what to make of it . he saunter to a large sculpture of manniquin sit at a table . one of the young salesmen , serge , glide up to he . serge regards that with some suspicion . he call to he serge good afternoon , sir . my name be serge . how may we help you today ? axel I be look for Jenny summer . serge I be afraid she 's very busy right now . May I have you name . axel my name be axel foley . serge and what be pertain ? axel I be a old acquaintance . assistant , donny . serge donny , can you tell miss summer that a old acquaintance , a Mr. foley ( mm ) be here to see she . axel smile . then he attention drift back to the absurdist sculpture . he exchange confuse glance with a statue of a leer butler that be chain to the table . serge while you be wait , may I offer you some wine or espresso ? continued : * 81 as shot 7/17/84 * continued 27 . bl * axel no , but thank you so very much . opoint to sculpture ) how much would somete like : this cost . serge I believe this piece be priced at one hundred thirty thousand dollar . axel get the fuck outta here . serge no I cannot . I sell it yesterday . a collector purchase it yesterday . axel I can see why you guy give away the free wine . get a person fuck up and then sell they shit _like this . jeannette 's smile face suddenly pop out from the balcony overhead . jeannette axel ! I do not believe it . what in the world be you do here ? I will be right down , axel no I be come over there . take it easy serge - that 's a good name . 81 as shot 7/17/84 * continued jeannette where be you . what be you doin’ here ? axel how be you doin ' ? axel saunter toward the staircase . jeannette come down to meet he . jeannette oh god . it 's good to see you . you look good . axel so do you . jeannette you like ? axel yeah . you look old . jeannette fuck you . what 's this stuff . axel man stuff . can we go somewhere and talk . jeannette well yeah sure . axel you have fill out . sit down . jeannette yeah I have fill out . oh god , I have get a important customer upstairs , but it will only take ten minute . you want something to drink ? axel no thanks , serge already offéred I something to drink . jeannette what do serge offer you . axel can you talk for two second . jeannette what 's the matter ? ( continued ) 27a . 81 * al as shot 7/17/84 * continued : axel iowanna talk to you about mikey . jeannette oh no . be he in some sort of trouble again ? ( continued ) 273 81 as shot 7/17/84 * 81 continued ( 3 ) : axel mikey dead . jeannette - what ? axel he come to Detroit and somebody kill he . axel and jeannette look at each other for a moment . jeannette who kill he ? axel I do not know . jeannette 's phone buzze . she ignore it . jeannette I can not believe it . the phone buzze again . jeannette finally pick it up . jeannette {into phone ) ioca not right now . tell he I will be up in a few minute . she hang up . jeannette I can not believe this . axel he tell I you get he a job . jeannette the man who own the gallery hire he as a favor . to I . axel who 's that ? jeannette hia name 's Victor maitland . axel mikey say something about be a security guard . ( continued ) 81 81 82 83 as shot 7/17/84 * continued ( 4 ) : jeannette ( find irony in she shock ) yeah. , , can you image that . he work at the gallery 's warehouse . the phone buzy again . jeannette answer it . jeannette {inte phone ) all right . all right . she hang up . jeannette ( continue ) damn mcompose herself ) axel , I be sorry . I have to go '' wpatair for a few minutea . axel I 'il call you later on . we will get together . can TI use you 2 ? phone ? jeannette sure . jeannette exit . axel baging to lock through har omitted omitted — _ — ss a rl cath ae th , 29.050 . see rolodex . 82 83 83a * as shot 6/29/84 * 30a . a int . maitland CO , office - reception area ~ day 84 * the receptionist sit at the base of a stairway lead to office above , axel approach she . he be carry a plant with a bow tie around the pot , axel I have get a delivery for Victor maitland . receptionist leave it here . I will take it upstairs . axel no problem , I 'il do it myself , axel start up the stair . ~ receptionist wait a minute ! delivery be to be leave at this desk . axel I be leavin’ . he continue up the stair . . receptionist wait ! you just can not go up there . a5 int . - maitland secretary's area - continuous | 85 '' axel shove the plant on the Secretary 's desk . as he blow past she : axel this be for you . axel continue towards maitland ' 's office . secretary hey , you can not go in there . axel exit into maitland 's office . as shot 6/29/84 * 786 aintec mal tland private : officesoder , 86 axel enter office . maitland sit at he desk with Zack stand next to he . Zack stiffen at the sight of axel . maitland who let you in here ? axel how be ya do , I let myself in . I would like to ask you some question about mikey tandino . maitland and Zack exchange lock . maitland study axel for a moment . ' se mae ne they maitland and what , may I ask , be you interest in Mr. tandino ? axel he be my best friend . he show up out of nowhere to visit I in Detroit , and a few hour later somebody kill he . maitland oh my god . that 's terrible . what do you wish to know ? yeah . he work for you , do not he ? maitland yes he do . my goodness , I be so sorry to hear this . would you like to sit down ? can I get you something ? axel no thanks . maitland how do it happen ? Detroit be a vather violent town , be not it . axel yeah . . - sm ethan sete = eee ttt '' as shot 6/29/84 * continued : maitland look at Zack and then axel . maitland I hope the police have get some good ljead . axel could you tell I exactly what kind of work mikey do for you ? maitland study axel for a long moment . maitland I be sorry . I do not get you name . axel foley . maitland push a button on he desk . maitland Mr. foley . Excuse I for be a bit rude during what must be a very difficult time for you , but this sound like a matter for the Detroit authority . so if you will forgive I , I really must get back to work now . axel what kind of work do he do for you ? four security guard enter the room . maitland ( to guard ) gentlemen , could you please show Mr. foley the way out . the guard move in on axel . axel fer the fuck off I . guard take it easy fella . the guard take axel by the arm . axel I say get the fuck off I . . a scuffle ensue and the guard pounce on axel. and Zack exchange look . maitland as shot 6/29/84 * 31b . 86a int . bullding ground floor - day 6a * Zack and the seven huge goons carry axel , still struggle violently , toward the entrance to the building . axel get a foot free and kick a goon , who crash to the floor , but two other grab the free foot before axel can do any more damage with it . axel get the fuck off I man . what the fuck do you guy think you do . SHOCK CUT to : 87 bs shu . '' /ie / b4 * 32. ext . maitland office build + day 87 * there 's a sense of calmness and serenity until suddenly @ lobby window explode and axel come fly out . axel. be shake up but unhurt ; slowly , he get to he foot , axel nyell to the building ) hey , fuck you ! a black - and - white beverly Hills Police car bounce up on the sidewalk and the two officer , copeland and grant , run toward axel . axel do you see what they do . I can describe they , Copeland and Grand draw they gun . copeland please put you hand on the roof of the car . axel why ? what 's with you guy ? grant you hear he , sir . do it right now , please . axel put he hand on the roof of the car . Officer grant , who lock like a Eagle scout , frisk axel quickly but thoroughly , remove axel 's gun , then cuff axel 's hand behind he back . axel you be arrest I ? I be the one that just get throw out the fuck window . you can not be arrest I . what be you do ? Copeland be very formal and polite . copeland siz , you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you in a court of law . you have the right to have a attorney present during question . if you desire a attorney and cannot afford one , a attorney will be provide for you . {more ) ( continued ) 87 88 as shot continued ; pal at axel sure . grant please get into the car , sir . axel what 's the charge ? copeland disturb the peace and possession of a conceal _ weapon . axel pair enough . I suppose if someone throw I out of a move car , you would give I a ticket for jaywalk , too . 33. Copeland and Grand put he in the car and it take off . omitted 87 88 88 89 30 91 92 as shot 6/13/84 will t/ ba ** omitted ext . beverly hill CITY hall -- the police car with axel inside of the impose beverly Hills City Hall , 34 , 88 «x day 89 drive up Crescent in front the ornate building with its carefully tend lawn and sway palm tree be a live symbol of the the car swing right then right traditional beverly Hills . again to come up behind the building . a light green sign point to the police department , which have the south wing of city hall . ext . beverly hill police dept , ~~ entrance 90 '' int . B. 8 . police dept . -- holding cell -~ 91 + a opficer unlock the door of the spotless hold cell and beckon wordlessly to axel , axel it 's about fuckin ' time , I think you forget I down here , int . B. 8 . police dept . ~~ operation room 92 ke the officer almost bump into axel as he stop abruptly right inside the deor of the operation room . axel look around at the kind of police department God would buy if ze have the money . ( continu ed ) 92 as shot 7/24/84 * 35 . continued : 92 '' a hot that there be any luxury -- no gucci uniforma — it 'a juat that here in this room ig hest and the latest police equipment , some that azel do not know be invent yet . the officer take hia elbow to lead he acrog tie room . this be not anything like the squadroom back in Detroit , there be fourteen detective desk ; each have a computer terminal , behind a glass partition be the main frame computer . a twenty foot long electronic map of beverly Hills dominate the far wall ; a pair of dispatcher , seat at a computer console six foot in front of it , can pee in glow red , green and blue light the precise location of every police car , fire truck and ambulance in town , the officer guide axel to a detective 's desk ; the detective noda to the officer , and he leave . detective I be sgt. taggart , and this ia oy partner , detective rosewood . sgt , taggart , at 45 a senior detective , ia unusually short for a cop but wiry and compact ; he lock very tough and have a haizsetrigger temper . rosewood , he partner , ia young , California blond , sizx - foot -three , very skinny and awkward in movement , they come around they desk to stand in front of axel , taggart have a computer printout in he hand , axel 's gun ia on the desk beside hin . . axel you guy always treat people from out of town like 's this ? taggart why do not you identify yourself as a police officer when you be arcast ? asel because I be wind my own business . where the fuck do you guy get off arrest somebody for be throw out a window ? taggart 's face redden . he can not remember the last time a prisoner gpoke to he this way , and he do not like it . ( continued ) - as shot 7/24/84 * 92 qontinger : ( 2 ) sgt . taggart we have six witness that say you break in and start tear up the place , then jump out the window . axel and you believe that ? you do not fuck investigate ? you guy cop or doormen , here ? sgt . taggart . ( enraged ) we be more likely to believe a important local businessman than a foul mouth jerk from out of town . axel foul mouth — fuck you . sgt . taggart 5 ( atand up ) you watch you mouth . . axel T aint watchin shit . you watch you mouth , and taggart punch axel in the gut , axel double over , but da not really burt . a voice <= sharp but not loud — being taggart and siddon to attention . . lo. bogomil ( 0.8 . ) faggart ! sgt . taggart yes , Lieutenant . ly . bogomil come here . all the datective in the room wear quiet , well ~ presue suit , conservative shirt , tie knotted all the way up , highly polished shoe ; they hair be short and comb at all time . now we see the man who set the example for they : liqutenant andrew bogomil , Chief of netective for the beverly gill Police department . sogomil speaka to taggart in a low voice ; taggart , pale , walk back over . to axel , bogomil follow a step behind , ( continued ) 92 as shot 7/24/84 * continued : ( 3 ) sgt . taggart ( co axel ) 536a . 92 Sir , I apologize fer strike you , TI have no excuse . everything up to now , include the punch , axel to be a normal cop=prigoner exchange . though , be outside axel 's experience , have seem to this apology , ( conting ed ) * 92 as shot 7/24/84 * continged : ( 4 ) axel lt , bogomil detective poley , I be Lieutenant bogomil of the beverly Hills Police Department . do you wish to prefer charge against sgt. taggart ? axel this be a joke right ? lt . bogomil do you wish to charge this officer with assault ? axel hey , where I come from you do not Press charge on another cop . lt . bogomil in beverly hilis we go atrictly by the book . why do not you check in with we when you come to town ? axel I be on vacation , lt . bogomil if you be on vacation , what business do you have at Victor maitland 's office ? axel I go in to use the man 's room . next thing I know that joker jump all over I , lt . bogomil - you always take you gun on vacation ? axel I never take a vacation before . and we be require to carry a firearm at all time in netroit , lt . bogomil then if you want to carry a gun I suggest you go back there . ( continued ) 37 . 92 h 32 as shot 7/24/34 + continued : axel wince 38 . ( 4 ) 92 % axel I can not fuckin’ wait to get back to Detroit , lt . bogomil be that s0 ? I just get off the phone with a Inspector Todd , that name fing a bell ? slightly hearing the name , axel he 's my boss , lt , bogomil he tell I you might not be very welcome back there , se say that you be a outstanding young detective , which I find hard to believe . he also say that you be a hot dogger and a loner and that he nearly have to fire you for insubordination , I find that very easy to believe . - now what be you do in beverly bill ? axel T tell you . vacation . — go to the bathroom next thing someone throw I out a window . lo. bogomil Inspector Todd give I a message for you . want to hear it ? axel not really . lt . bogomil he say that if you have come out here to investigate the tandino murder , then you should not bother come back . he tell I that if we inform he that you be investigate the case he will have you bring up on charge and fire , axel I be here on vacation , lt . bogomil and the gun ? ( continued ) as shot 7/24/84 * 39 . 92 continued : ( 6 ) 92 * axel I be a police officer , remember , a fellow police officer and I be entitle to cariy a gun . lt . bogomil not in beverly gill , now one last time . what be you do here ? axel I be on — lt . bogomil ofinish for he ) '' ~ vacation . you be go to stick to this story ? axel yeah . lt . bogomil rosewood , take Mr. poley over to the courthouse and let he arrange for bail . rosewood ( to axel ) this way please sir . axel you be a polite bunch of I will give you that much , bogomil ignore this comment . he motion taggart over and speak with he privately as rosewood lead axel across the operation room toward the door . lt . bogomil I want you to set up a 24 hour tail on he , I want you to handle it ~ personally . do not let he spot you you can help it , but do not lose he . I want to know where he go and who he see . sgt . taggart you want we to question the people he see ? lt , bogomil no , look , if you see he commit a felony , then pick he up . otherwise keep you distance , as sfot 6/13/84 * 40 . 924 ext . beverly hill municipal court - night 992a * axel and jeannette come out of the building and walk across to the parking lot . - axel thanks for bail I out , Jen . jeannette tf I have know what you be arrest for I would not have come down . axel you do not mean that . jeannette no I do not . if it be not for Victor maitland I would still be wait table . besides I be mad at you . you lie to I to find out he address . axel what be you talk about ? jeannette ohi come on , you be go to use my phone but the rolodex be leave open to he address . axel hey , Jen the detective Way to go . they continue walk ( continued ) as shot 6/13/84 * 7/19/84 ** aua . 92a continued : e2a + axel ( continue ) look , the night mikey be kill he show up at my apartment with a whole stack of german bearer bond . it 's possible that he steal they from whoever have he kill . as scon as I mention he name , maitland have I throw out the window . jeannette axel , you look like a hoodlum , you barge in there without a appointment and you be carry agun . if I do not know you , I would have have you throw out too . jeannette open the passenger door of she mercede 450 slc for axel . axel be this you car ? jeannette no . in beverly Hills we just take whichever car be close . axel get in . Jenny walk around and get in . 93 93 through omitted through 96 96 s6ar int . jeannette's car - night 96a ** as they drive : axel well congratulation . I know you always want one of this . I remember when you use to drive around in that volkswagen bug , jeannette ( smile ) yeah . and you use to have that crappy light blue chevy nova . what be you drive now ? axel a even crappier light blue chevy nova . be it too late for I to study art ? jeannette yes . ( continued ) 96 a 96b 97 as shot 6/6/84 * 6/8/84 ** 7/19/84 *** sob . continued : sga xex jeannette pause for a second . jeannette ( continue ) axel ... why be you bother Victor ? you do not think he have anything to do with mikey get kill , do you ? axel no , no . I be just poke around . axel fiddle with the rear view mirror . jeannette what be you look at back there ? axel the cop be follow we . jeannette what ? where ! axel it 's the beige ford way back in the leave hand lane . jeannette ( look ) why be they follow we ? axel what can I say ? I be a popular guy . ext . beverly palm HOTEL - night 96b * jeannette and axel leave the 450 sl with the valet and go into the hotel ; second later , taggart and rosewood 's unmark car pull into a parking spot on wilshire right in front of the hotel entrance . int . axel be suite - night 97 ke axel and jeannette enter . — axel can you believe it ? jeannette how can you afford this ? axel they be charge I a single room rate . jeannette how can you afford that ? ( continued ) 97 as shot 6/8/84 * al . continued : axel pick axel look , my room have a forty page wine list . up the room service menu and dial the phone . axel ( co not ; into phone ) hello , room service ? this be axel foley in suite ]035 . I would like to order something from you supper menu but I want it deliver to a car park on wilshire just outside the hotel ; a beige Ford with two guy in it ... very conservative fellow . sure you ean . I 'ts not far and I will give you a nice tip . ( leok at menu ) okay , one bay shrimp salad sandwich ... be the cold poach salmon with dill sauce tasty ? okay , one of that , too . also send ‘em a couple of beer . and something nice for dessert . great thanks a lot , jeannette you be quite a sport . how long you stay ? axel hey , I earn a good salary . I live alone . I have low overhead . I sould go on like this for three day . jeannette why do not you save yourself a bundle and go back to Detroit in the morning ? axel I be gonna be in town until I find out who kill mikey . I will do a little poke around . I be think about the warehouse where he work , jeannette oh really , how be you go to get in ? ( continued ) as shot 6/3/84 * 41a through as shot 5/6/84 ** as shot 6/8/84*** 97 continued : gy the . axel I be hope you would lat I in . you can do that , can not you ? jeannette you be not go to find anything there . and besides I could lose my job for do something like that . axel well I understand I de not have much to go on . it seem like a reasonable place to start . and if you will not help I I will just have to break in . jeannette you would not do it . 98 ext . beverly palm HOTEL - night 9g ** the room service waiter , carry a fully load tray , rap on the window of the brown plymouth . sgt . taggart what the hell be this ? waiter i' ts late supper . compliment of Mr. foley . rosewood foley ? how do he know we be here ? taggart because I let you drive . oba int . beverly palm HOTEL -~ lobby -- night 984 * axel hurry in , and look around . axel Excuse I , how much be that bananas ? kitchen worker the buffet plate be 12.50 . you get orange , plum and bananas . axel I just want some bananas . kitchen worker ( hand axel bananas ) shhh . do not tell anyone . 9b8b 99 100 as shot 6/65/84 * 45 . continued : 98b x a valet have deliver the 450 slc to the driveway . taggart there 's the mercede . get that stuff out of here . rosewood scarf down a last bite and reluctantly hand the plates back to the waiter . reverse angle - the cop Pov 99 * jeannette wait beside the 450 slc . after a second axel arrive , and for the cop 's benefit , make a show ef get into the convertable int . jeannette's 450 slc - night 100 + jeannette drive slowly down wilshire , while axel look in the side rear view mirror . jeannette . I hope you realize that do this be crazy enough without the police follow we . axel I get it cover . 101 102 103 104 104a 1048 104 '' as shot 6/6/84 * 7/12/84 ** 7/15/84 *** 46 . ext . taggart and rosewood car =~ night lol fhe police car 's engine choke on its own exhaust and die , int . taggart and rosewood be car -~ night 102 + taggart crank the starter but the engine will not turn over , sgt . taggart God damn it . rosewood oh no! omitted 103 ext . rodeo drive -- night 104 *** the 450 slc go across the alley and down a way to the Gallery warehouse . jeannette park the car and they get out . . axel be this the place ? . jeannette I be still not sure I should be do this . axel you do not have to do anything . but when you hear glass break that 's just I kick the window in . ext . gallery warehouse driveway area ~- niget 104a «+ axel and jeannette walk down a ramp past the load dock toward a small iron staircase that lead up to the doar . ext , gallery waresouse door — night 104b ** jeannette , use she key on the door . she and axel enter . int . gallery warehouse hallway -- night 104c *** axel and jeanette walk down a narrow corridor ; at the end of it ig a solid steel door , axel play he flashlight over it , ( continued ) . seh 104c 105 through 107 108 5/5/84 46a . through 48 continued : 104c jeannette flip the switch on a grey metal and glass box on the wall . the box glow green . she place she palm on the ground glass plate and the device scan she palm print . the great steel door glide silently open . 105 omitted through 107 int , gallery wareeouse -- night 108 axel and jeannette leave the steel door open behind they . the warehouse be pitch dark , axel shine a flashlight around , revealing a big collection of weird modern sculpture , include some gigantic piece by Zoltan corongolini , the famous conceptual sculptor . many more piece be pack in crate of various size . at the far end of the warehouse be big garage door . ~ ( page 47 & 48 be omitted ) «* 109 lio 1ll 49 as shot 7/12/84 * 7/15/84 ** int . the gallery warehouse ~-- vault -- night 109 * now axel and jeannette be in the warehouse . axel scoops up some of the substance that be underfoot . jeannette ean tell that axel be excited by he discovery . axel what 's up babe ? jeannette oh axel , grow up . do you find something ? axel coffee grounds ! do you know what this be use for ? jeannette yes , people filter hot water through it to make coffee . be time that bad ? axel yea , time be that bad . oh shit !} but suddenly there 's a loud grinding noise and a bright overhead light come on . jeannette make a move to go see what 's go on -- it 's she warehouse , after all ~ - but axel pulis she down , out of sight behind a big crate ; he pocket a sample of the substance from the floor . the grind noise turn out to be the automatic garage door open . jeannette axel . I be allow to be here . another angle lio** a dark blue van back up into the warehouse . axel' Pov 121 ** jeannette and axel watch as the first van guard , a tough - look California bodybuilder wear a security company uniform , get out of the van 's passenger side to guide the driver in back up the van toward the vault . the garage door grind shut . il2 113 as shot 7/12/84 * 7/15/84 ** 50 . wider angle 112 * the van be park quite close to the crate axel and jeannette be hide behind . the rear door that axel and jeannette come in be quite a distance away , axel' Pov =~ the second van guard 113 +« another huge bodybuilder type , get out and open the van 's glide door the van contain a large crate ; various label and marking on the crate make it readily identifiable . they each take a end of the crate and set it on the floor , last minute ad - lib line axel stir with excitement when he see what they remove from this compartment : from this distance they look awfully like the german bearer bond that mikey have , the second van guard smoothes out the crumpled stack of bearer bond and load they into a Louis vuitton case , while hig cohort repack the crate so that it look like it be never open . axel gesture to jeannette to follow he lead . ae begin to quietly back away on hand and knee ; jeannette follow . ( continued ) 1138 113¢ 113d 114 as shot 7/12/84 * 7/13/84 ** 51a. ext . gallery warehouse ~~ night 1138 * axel and jeannette come out onto the iron staircase just as reverse angle -~ there pov 113¢c * fhe van reach the top of the ramp and turn right , axel and jeannette 113d * run up the ramp toward the mercede . jeannette what the hell be go on ? axel I will tell you later , come on . they reach the car , tnt . the 450 slc -—- night 14 «* axel jump behind the wheel . axel mind 1 £ I drive ? jeannette have you ever drive a mercede before . axel a car be a car . I drive my car every day . jeannette I have see you car , I be drive . axel that 's bullshit axel speed down the block and blast through a intersection , aa he cross it he just get a glimpse in the corner of he eye -— as shot 7/26/84 * 53 . 115 qalttep lls * 115a int . b.h. police dept . - lo. bogomil be office - night 18h taggart and rosewood be stand before bogomil , 7 lt , bogomil ' a banana in you tailpipe . how could you not notice a man stick 4 banana in you tetipipe . rosewood he distract we , sir . lt , bogomil and how do he do that ? rosewood he give we a late supper , sir . see this waiter come across --~ taggart he get the idea billy . . ' bogomil - late supper ? and what do you have rosewood rane rosewood I think it be a shrimp salad sandwich . bogomil I want a shrimp salad sandwich to . . you two go back to the hotel and of wait for foley . do not bother call in . — 2 taggart '' a late supper . mccabe we get something for you William - . a anti-banana disguise . it may come in handy . . foster -- _ ft 's a jungle out there billy . taggart very funny . 115b cover . 115b * 115 '' cover - . iisc * 11sd cover 11sp * 116 omitted 116 116a cover ll6éaa * 117 11 through 122 124 as shot 6/1/84 * suisse . wot wae int , jeannette's car - night 117 «x as ' axel and jeannette drive . axel who be that two guy ? jeannette some of Victor 's security guard . axel be that what mikey do ? jeannette yeah . axel you ever see this thing they be unpack before ? jeannette no . what be that stuff ? axel that be the same bearer bond that mikey have when he get kill . axel look knowingly to jeannette . axel ocontinue ) I think you friend Victor 's get some other business venture go beside art . jeannette ponder the seriousness of axel 's suggestion . 118 omitted through 122 ext . L.A. airport - cargo area ~ night 124 * this be the industrial area of lax , far from the passenger terminal . cargo airline , fright forwarder and warehouse line the street . axel and jeannette watch the van turn into the parking lot of one such airport warehouse . axel pull to the curb . as shot 5/31/84 * 56 . as shot 6/4/84 ** 125 126 1268 126b int . the 459slc ~~ night 1250 «x axel turn off the ingnition and open the door . axel okay . why do not you take the car and go home , jeanette what about you ? axel T want to find out what this place be . jeanette I cant tell you that . it 's a bond warehouse . we foreign shipment be hold she till ' they clear custom . axel well , I be gonna check it out for myself . jeanette I be start to get a bad feél about all this . axel t'1ll call you tomorrow . take the car and go home . jeanette damn it axel , I be not go to bail you out again . axel go home , go home . ext . airport cargo warehouse -- night 1260 =** axel amble casually acress the parking lot . 4hile there 's not a vast amount of activity this late at night , the warehouse be still very much open for business . axel watch as the dark blue van 126a ** back up to the load deck at the far end of the parking lot . axel 126b * judge he moment and suddenly break to he right , he hop up on the load dock platform nearest he . as shot 5/31/84 * 57 . as shot 6/7/84 ** 126cc int . airport cargo warehouse ~- night 126¢c * dust inside the load dock be a tall chain link fence design to keep the public ont of the warehouse proper . axel hit the fence and go over it , schoolyard style . in a flash . 127 omitted ° 127 128 int . cargo warehouse -- another angle -~ night 128 * on the other side of the chain link fence axel duck behind a pile of crate and look arcund . 128a omitted 128a 1288 int . warehouse -- night 128b * 128 bb a forklift 1288b * be park on the load dock near the dark blue van ; the operator be talk with the two Van Guards as he load the big crate from the van onto the lift. all three man . ingore axel as he drive by on the floor polisher . 129 129 through omitted through 130 130 130a ext . beverly palm -~ night 130a ** taggart come out of the hotel and walk over to rosewood , who be lean up against they unmark car . sgt . taggart he 's still not back . rosewocd so what do we do ? sgt . taggart we wait . 130b int . the cargo wareeouse -- night 130b * the cart pick up the crate from the van and start with it toward the front of the warehouse : meanwhile -- 130c axel 1l30c * stand unload a man unload a crate . but turn to look at something off camera . 130D van guard 130D * jump down off the laoding dock . 130e 130 F as shot 5/31/84 * $ 8. a security guard round the corner . as he and axel spot each other . axel Excuse I , can you come over here for a second ? gor a match ? security guard no smoking in here . axel oh , I be gonna smoke outside . security guard here . axel you supervisor around ? security guard in the office . axel will you get he for I ? security guard what 's the problem ? axel be the security person down here ? security guard yeah . axel you be the fuckin ' problem . get you supervisor right now . thank you , thank you very much . int . the warehouse -- INTERNATIONAL area -~ night the night supervisor storm out of he office . supervisor yes , can I help you ? axel be you the supervisor ? supervisor yes , who be you ? axel Kent cassidy , United States custom service . have this stuff pass through custom yet ? ( continued ) i30£ * 130f * 58a , & 59 . as shot 5/31/84 * as shot 6/7/84 ** 130 F 131 l31a 1318 continued i30f * supervisor no . this be the bond area . axel then would you mind tell I how @ black man dress like I can just walk into this warehouse , march right up to you bond area and start snooping around without anybody ask question . supervisor I do not ...uh .... know ... axel that 's the answer I be lock for . thank you very much . thank you very , very much . can you give I you i.d. number because I think someone 's gonna lose they job around here . this guy , gine I a match for Christ 's sake . supervisor ( to Security Guard ) you give he a match ? axel I have be do security check all over the nation and with the exception of Cleveland , this place have the worst security in the country . I suggest both you gentle - man call you wife cause we be gonna be here very , very late . we be gonna check the background on every crate in this area . start with this one right here . omitted 131 ext . beverly palm HOTEL -- night l31a ** now wilshire be quiet and there be little activity in front of the hotel , where taggart and rosewood be still park . int . taggart and resewood be car -- night 131b ** rock music be play on the car radio which rosewood enjoy but taggart hate . suddenly taggart hit a button and the music shift to classical . as shot 6/1/84 * 59a . 132 int . warehouse MAIN office ~~ night 132 * axel stand in the center of the big main office with the night supervisor , whis be do axel 's work for he . night supervisor now the inspector need all the information on that air waybill number axel and all the manifest too . night supervisor that 's right and he need the record of any shipment due in to the same destination . clerk # 1 what 's this all about ? night supervisor just do it . the clerk be all shocked . clerk # 1 ( a wisegquy ) you get some kind of warrant for this ? axel oround on clerk ) you know you have get a very big mouth . sir , I bet you get something to hide . be that you porsche park outside ? you want to have a talk with the i.r.s. about how some clerk can afford a porsche ? . ( to might supervisor ) let I tell you something pal , let I tell all you guy something , I can heve twenty five agent here in fifteen minute . we can put you people out of business . we can pull you bond and I will do just that if I do not get some co-operation here . the supervisor and the clerk be thouroughly intinated . night supervisor New do not get upset , Inspector , we will get you everything you need , right guy ? ( continued ) as shot 6/1/84 * 60 . as shot $ /7/84** 132 continued 132° guard # 2 anything you need . clerk # 1 that 's not my porsche , no six , I do not know who 's it be . axel then file , and stop fuck around with I , 132a int . taggart and rosewood be car -= night l32aa ** now rosewood can not stand the classical music any more ; he hit the radio button and it go back to rock . taggart give he one quick look ; rosewood sigh and switch it back to classical . 133 through 153 154 i54 AK as shot 6/7/84* 133 omitted through 153 ext . beverly palm HOTEL - night be 4 * a cab pull up behind taggart and rosewood 's unmark car . axel get out , pay the driver , then walk up to the unmark car . int . taggart and rosewood be car - night l54a * taggart and rosewood do not see axel until he yank open the back door and hop in the car , scare the crap cut of the two cop . rosewood Jesus Christ , you almost give I a heart attack . axel what you guy doin ' here so late ? - taggart you be a cocky son of a bitch , be not you ? axel hey listen , I be sorry about that banana business guy . [ I just need a little time to myself . but I sure wish I could have see you face when you carconk out . axel expect that by now they will have see the humor in he banana gag , but the beverly Hills cop do not smile . taggart yeah . very funny . the lieutenant dock we two day ' pay . now it 's not so funny to axel , either . axel you be kid . get outta here . {to rosewood ) Fe 's not kid ? continued 154a as shot 6/7/84 * 62. continued : 154a " rosewood Neo , he 's not kid . by the way , thanks for the sandwich . taggart he mean it as a joke , billy , like the bananas . axel hey wait a minute , I send you guy dinner because I be a fellow cop and I know how it be to be on a stakeout . that be from the heart . taggart bullshit . L leok , all three of we be cop . why be we always argue . we should be work together . I tell you what . it 's be a rough aay for all of we . why do not wa go out and get a couple of drink and , make up . taggart forget it . okay fuck it axel well , I be gonna go get a couple of drink . you guy can try and tail I if you like , but you know it will not be toe hard for I to loose you ass if T want . so what do you say ? c'mon now , let 's be friend . taggart be tear . taggart we do not drink on duty . axel look , I know you have a image to protect . keeping that in mind , I know just the place . I pass it on the way into town . look pretty good . you will love it . cur to : as shot 5/29-30/84 * 63. 154b int . sunset strip joint -- night i54b * axel , taggart and rosewood be sit at a table right by the strupper 's runway . taggart sit stoneface with he back to the runway . for billy rosewood , on the other hand , this be like a penthouse letter come to life . he can not take he eve off the stripper . the strincer snap the back of taggart 's head with a feather boa . he do he best to ignore it , a waitress approach . waitress hi , can it get you anything ? axel lemme have a scotch and soda . lite beer for you guy ? sgt . taggart two club soda . axel you guy crack I up with this on duty shit . nsee billy squirming ) you do not have to be embarass if you dick get hard billy , that 's the whole idea . see all this ~ guy - they dick be hard , taggart 's dick be hard but he can not admit it cause he 's the boss . nlean toward taggart ) look what I find at maitland 's art warehouse , the stuff be all over the floor . he hand a smaple of the coffee grounds to taggart , who exmanine it . meanwhile axel hand a dollar to billy . axel here , hold it out like this . the stripper dance up to rosewood 's dollar bill and motion for he to stuff it in she g-string . rosewpod 's too shy . axel stuff that inside she thing . rosewood stuff the bill in ; taggart turn around to see what he partner be do practically put he nose in the stripper 's crotch . he turn back , blush all the way to he bald spot . rosewood Excuse I . ( continued ) as shot 5/29-30/4a4 * 1545 64 . continued i54p * sgt . taggart billy ! axel ( to taggart , be the substance what do you think ? sgt . taggart coffee grounds ? axel yeah , sgt . taggart so ? axel you guy do not know nothing about nothing , do you ? you all just get gun and badge . you do not know nothing . ( to waitress ) make sure we get the right drink cause if I get elub soda I will vomit . - two man in long leather coat enter the strip joint . they exchange a glance , then , pretend not to know each other the first leather coat walk to the bar and order a drink , while the othfr move to the far end of the room . they both look around furtively , check out the joint . only axel notice this . the waitress bring axel , taggart and rosewood they drink . the stripper who have be pull she feather boa between she leg begin to seductively wrap it around rosewood 's head . axel ( to rosewood ) I think she like you . rosewood you think so ? axel no doubt in my mind . {to taggart , quietly refer to the 2nd leather coat ) check out that guy over there in the black leather coat . taggart do so and turn back to axel . axel ( continue ) it 's June - do not you think its a little warm for a leather coat ? ( continued ) as shot 5/29~30/84 * 65 1543 continued ( 2 ) 154b * taggart yeah . a bit . axel that 's he buddy at the end of the bar have a drink . they come in together . taggart 's eye head to the first leather coat and then lock with axel 's . axel something 's gonna come down . I be gonna make a move . ( refer to 2nd leather coat ) why do not you slide on over there and cover that guy . rosewood what 's go on ? axel and taggart ignore he . axel ( to taggart ) I be gonna check out this asshole at the bar . taggart be tear between good police instinct anda suspicion of axel . rosewood ~ would somebody tell I what 's go on ? axel {to taggart , dead serious ) billy here will make sure I behave . no bullshit this time . taggart decide to take the chance and get up . taggart just sit tight , billy . taggart head towards the second leather coat . axel pick up he drink and begin to stagger toward the first leather coat . axel feign drunkeness . axel ( feign druckeness to_ first leather coat} phil , phil , what 's happen ? they say you be not come down . how you be ? {to rosewood ) I tell you it be Philip , you liar . ( continued ) as shot 5/29~-30/84* i54b 65a.& 658. continued ( 3 ) be 43 * first leather coat get the hell out of here . rosewood watch with confusion . the first leather Coast push axel to the ground and then rip the arm of the d.j. 's turntable . the place go silent and both leather coat pull out saw - off shotgun . first leather coat everybody freeze . put you hand on the table . there be panic in the bar until everyone settles down . axel get up and still deign drunkeness stagger toward first leather coat . axel phil , what 's all the hostility ? I Love you , you be suppose to ~ be cool . first leather coat back off or I be gonna blow you head off . axel , now within strike range , disable first leather goat with some karate move . simultaneously , taggart now in position , put he service revolver to second leather coat 's head . taggart Police . move and I will kill you . rosewood jump up and pull a gun on the first leather coat , whois now lie on he back . rosewood do not move . axel very good rosewood . you be really some kinda cop , you know that ? taggart Police ! sorry for the disturbance . everything 's under control . the crowd applaud . the stripper plant a big kiss on rosewood 's cheek . axel goose the strippar . the stripper slap rosewood , as shot 7/25/84 * 65 '' . 154h int . b.h. police dept , «- night 154h * axel , taggart and rosewood arrive . bogomil ( to taggart and rosewood} taggart , would you mind tell I what you and rosewood be do in a porno bar outside of you juristiction while you be on duty ? axel before you chastise this officer tewant you to know something - the only reason they be at a strip bar be because they be tailing I . they apprehend the subject . I freak out , this guy be . super cop . the only thing miss be cape . bogomil ( study taggart and rosewood for a few second ) ( to taggart and rosewood ) be that how it happen ? taggart and rosewood no , sir . bogomil would you mind tell I how it happen ? continued : as shot 7/25/84 * * 65d . mean , 154h continued as4g * F taggart a we be inside the bar with foley . of he observe the two suspect . case the establishment and oo before we know what be go on , he have already disarm one . foley deserve all the credit for the arrest . bogomil axel foley we appreciate you assistance . but in the future if you want to practice law " enforcement I prefer you do it back in Detroit . axel rr I be go back to the hotel . for have a very long day . , . ( to taggart and rosewood ) ' itil see you guy back at the hotel . axel exit . bogomil stand at hia door and call to Foster and mccabe . : oy bogomil ao poster , mccabe . it 's you turn . do not lose he . foster not a chance sir . mccabe smirkingly wink to taggart and rosewood , who feel es like ahit . an ~ bogomil you guy be off this case . 154 omitted : * a I 1541 ae ee oro he act not a no nahin le vain noe rta da 155 156 157 158 159 160 66 as shot 6/7/84 * as shot 6/8/84** ext . beverly palm -- the neat morning . 155 * Foster and mccabe be park in front of the hotel , wait for axel . int . beverly palm -~ axel '’s room ~~ day is6*r just out of the shower , axel hold the phone in one hand while toweling himself with the other . axel hella , room service ? ( pleased ) hey , that 's right , how would you know it be I ? ( a beat ) yeah . some breakfest . what do you figure they eat ? ext . beverly palm -=- day be 7 * a group of well - dress shopper stop and stare as we room service waiter take a tray out to Foster and mccahe . waiter good morning , gentleman . some coffee and donut . mccabe what ? there he be . ext . beverly palm -~ driveway ~~ day 158 * miguel pull up in axel 's nova . axel hop behind the wheel , Foster and mccabe follow . omitted 159 ext . beverly hill street -~ day 160 axel turn on sunset , nearly get tangle up with four stretch limo float toward the beverly Hills Hotel . axel turn right - nhead north -- a block or so past the hotel . Foster and mccabe follow . 161 162 163 164 as shot 6/14/84* ext , STREET ~~ day 67 1léi * axel drive up a long , curving stretch of road , then pull to the side of the road and stop . Foster and mccabe pull over about one hundred foot back . on the right hand side of the street , run the whole length of the block , be a twelve foot tall hedge conceal a fence . ext , maitland estate -- front gate ~- day axel stop in front of a very solid look remote control electric gate . axel' Pov all axel can see be tree , a stretch of lawn , flower and the corner of a big , Spanish - style home . ext . maitland estate -- day axel good morning officer . you guy the second team ? mccabe ( cocky ) we be the first team . foster yeah , we be not gonna fall for a banana in the tailpipe . axel banana in the tailpipe ? you be hang around with this guy to leng . watch this brother , banana in the tailpipe ~ be natural - let it out - so you think you can keep up with I ? foster no problem . mccabe what be you do up there ? axel nothing . see what nine million dollar busy in the way of a house . 162 * 163 * bed , 164 * 165 as shot 6/14615/84 * 68 ext . maitland estate -- axel be Pov i65 * from up here axel can see the magnificent grounds lead up to the mansion , a grand , rambling two story hacienda with a red tile roof ; this estate be the epitome of beverly Hills luxury . axel it 's nice mccabe be not this Victor maitland 's house ? '' axel yeah , I think so , this guy really know how to live . foster you be not think of break in ? axel no I be not think of break in . —- I be sorry I be just check it out . this guy really know how to live . well , I have see enough . you guy want a beer ? Excuse I , axel pop the trunk of the nova and , among pile of junk , thera 's a cooler with a six - pack and some sandwich . mccabe for a man who claim to be on vacation , you look a lot like you be _ on a stakeout . axel I ? a stakeout ? no , I be picknick . this look like a picnic area . the big iron gate to the estate start to swing cpen . axel slam he trunk . a huge black mercede sedan with dark tinted window turn out of the gate . axel well , it 's be nice shoot the shit with you guy but I gotta get move , I get heavy vacation today . ( continued ) 165 166 166a 5/9/84 69 . continued : 165 axel slide behind the wheel of he nova and take off , foster let 's go ! and he and mccabe take off after axel . ext . beverly hill street -- various angle -~ day 166 axel follow the mercede down Palm Canyon , across sunset and south on various street to pico . Foster and mccabe stick close to axel all the way ; they tail he more obviously than axel tail the mercede , ext . olympic blvd . intersection -- day 166a xx axel stop behind the mercede at the light ; the unmark car crowd in behind axel 's nova . the light turn green and the mercede take off ; the nova lurch forward a few foot and stall . Foster and mccabe 's car nearly smashes into axel and the car behind nearly ram into the cop , horn blare , Foster yell out at axel : foster get it move ! axel I can not , it 's flood , axel grind the starter again without success . of course , axel be fake this car trouble : he wait until the light just go from amber to red and zoom across the intersection . the intersection fill with car before the two stunne cop can react , ' they hit they horn then blast they siren to get across against the traffic , but when they do axel 's nova be nowhere in sight . 166b 167 168 as shot 7/2/84 * : . 70 . ext . beverly hill street -~ day 1663 meanwhile the nova have catch .up to the mercede , mercede turn leave then leave again into a private drive mark " the sportsman 's Club , *® ext , '' the sportsman' clob * —~ day 167 the mercede be wave through the security gate , axel 's nova pull up to the gate a second later . the security guard sneer at the nova , probably the first american car he 's see that week . club guard member only , buddy , drive that piece of shit out of here , axel I be try to catch Mr , maitland , he leave he false tooth at the house . you want I to leave they with you ? the guard can not open the gate fast enough . clob guard you hurry you will catch he at the- clubhouse . axel thanks , pal . : int . clubhouse ~~ day 168 * axel paua at the entrance the the sportsman 's Club dining room . axel I have to speak to Victor maitland . clob maitre D ' this ia a member only c.ub ; he 's here . axel I have to speak to Victor maitland , it 's very important . club maitre D ' be you sure it 's Victor maitland you be look for ? '' ( continued ) eee ns ct a en emit een ante inn eethe romane mteinhmennanensatoetant riadt 71 as shot 7/2/84 * ( continued ) 168 club maitre D ' 168 * give I the message , I will see that it get 's to Mr. maitland . axel tell Victor that Ramon , the man we meet last week ... well I go to the clinic this morning and I find out I have herpes simplex 10 . I think Victor should see he doctor before thing start fall off . club maitre d' you better tell he yourself . axel T think that would be best . club maitre d' I think so . 169 int . menus club dine rcom - day 169 * axel stride past a long buffet table and snag a shrimp as he go by . he walk up to maitland 's table . Zack get up but axel ignore he . axel hi Victor . I be back . Zack move to axel . axel do not even try it . zack why do not you get the hell out of here . a scuffle ensue and axel flip Zack headlong into a large buffet table . Zack get up , ready for action , but maitland gently raise he hand to hait he . " axel can you make he roll over too ? maitland what do you want ? axel I want to talk . we do not have much of a chance the last time we meet . ( continued ) as shot 7/2/84 % 7/3/84** 72 ( continued ) 169 maitland 169 % I have nothing to say to you , axel that 's ok . I will do all the talk . axel sit at the table . maitland icily stare at he . axel return it unblinkingly . axel rk I know you be into a lot of vile shit and I also get a pretty good idea that you have mikey kill . and when I prove that , I be gonna fuck you up real bad . maitland be that so ? now let I tell you something , my tough little friend . I do not know from under what stone you crawle , but it 's obvious that you do not have the slight fuck idea of who you be deal with here . the maitre d' be hurry toward the table with a pair of uniformed beverly hill cop . axel lean close to maitland . officer # 1 step away from that table , please , sir . axel gotta go now , vic. 169 170 through 186 186a as shot 7/25/84 * revised omitted int . b.h. police dept . -- bogomil be office -- day 73. 169 170 through 186 186a '' ' axel sit in front of bogomil . Foster and mccabe , look sheepish , and taggart and rosewood , gloat , stand around the small room , lt . bogomil this be get very irritate . none of we be get any sleep because of you . axel hey , I be willing to work with you guy ; all you keep do be arrest I . lt . bogomil why be you bother Victor maitland ? axel my friend mikey work for maitland ; maitland have he kill , but no , I can not prove it . if I could you would be the first to know . lt . bogomil forget what you can prove . talk to I . continued : as shot 7/25/84 * 74 . 186a '' continued : ( 2 ) i8 ga + axel well , as you probably know , this guy maitland be a big shot art dealer . he 's always get shipment in from all over the world . well , I have be do a little investigate and it turn out some of this shipment be not exactly art . when I be at he warehouse I see some of he guy unload a crate of german bearer bond , which as you may or may not know be a king of untraceable international currency , which coindidentally my friend mikey happen to have on he when he be kill in Detroit . bogomil just because maitland choose to invest in the same kind of bond that you friend have , do not exactly make he a killer . . axel this guy 's no inveator , he 's a smuggler , sometimes , its bond , sometimes it 's drug . that crate never pass through custom . maitland pay somebody off so he guy can get the shipment out of custom before they be inspect . bogomil and what happen when custom find thase crate be miss ? axel they never do . after maitland 's people get they hand on they they take out the bond or drug or whatever , fill the crate up with newspaper and get they back before custom get a chance to inspect they , all they find be the newspaper . bogomil you have witness all this ? axel everything except for the drug . but I find coffee grounds ail over the place at maitland 's warehouse . continued : as shot 7/25/84 * 75 . 186a ° continued : ( 3 ) 186a '' taggart you have say that before . what :do coffee grounds mean ? bogomil shipment of drug be often pack in coffee grounds , the scent throw off the dog . axel very go Lieutenant . lt . bogomil well , T be sorry detective foley . I would like to help you . if you find drug that would be one thing , but if you only evidence be coffee grounds we do not have enough to get a search warrant , axel c'mon you guy , I know how we can get around that -- lt . bogomil we do not '' get around " search warrant in beverly Hills . continued : as shot 7/25/84 * 76 . 186a continued : ( 4 ) 186a * lt . bogomil ( cont would ) ( to taqgart ) taggart , start check this out . start with the l.a.p.d. , the FBI and the custom service . axel wait a minute -- you go aniff around like that this guy will just shut down , he will work out another way to make the shipment , lt , bogomil really ? be that you experience ? . axel look , I have not be a cop as long as you but I know what I be talk about : you will not be able to touch this guy unlesa -- poster sirt the beverly Hills cop straighten up as chief hubbard open the door to bogomil 's office , the Chief be 55 , stiff back , eyenglass glint , a cold professional . he weara a perfectly press uniform with stara on the epaulet . Lieutenant bogomil be crisp as ever in a dark guit , but next to he Chief he look almost casual . chief hubbard ta that he ? [ li bogomil yes , sir , chief hubbard the man who crash through Victor maitland 's window ? the man who disabled a unmark unit with a banana ? lt . bogomil yes , sir . chief hubbard fhe man who lure taggart and rosewood into a gross dereliction o£ duty at a striptease establishment ? ' the man who ruin the buffet at the harrow Club this morning ? ( continued ) - as shot 7/25/84 * n : ) 186a , continued : = ( 5 ) rr. 186a * yes , sir . chtef hubbard ( to axel ) t'il just bet you be the pride of you department back in Detroit . ( to bogamil} could I see you in you office for a moment . lt . bogomil yes , sir . bogomil hurry out . axel look at the three other beverly Hills cop . axel Jesus I think it have be bad in Detroit . this guy be like @ cartoon , sgt . taggart lower you voice for Christ 's sake , + axel he can not hear through wall , can ea ? sgt . taggart yes he can , bogomil walk back into the office . lt . bogomil rosewood , take detective poley back to he hotel , watch he pack , and escort he to the city limit . when you get there you can give he he gun back , {to axel ) the two charge of disturbing the peace against you have just be drop by order of the Chief . but he say if you come hack inte the city of beverly Hills the charge will be reinstate and you will be prosecute the the limit of the law . rosewood Sir , can I say something ? lt . bogomil what be it ? ( continued ) shot 7/25/84 * _ as shot 7/25 / 78 . 186a cpntinued ( 6 ) 186a '' rosewood well , sir , he do seem , I mean , he just want ... lt . bogomil you want to tell it to the Chief ? rosewood ( meekly ) no sir . lt . bogomil then , I would advise you to get move , rosewood let 's go axel . axel lemme ' get this straight . you be run I out of town like some western ? lt . bogomil I be afraid so . axel I do not understand you guy . lt . bogomil you be a new experience for we , too . 187 187 thre omitted through 190 190 190a ext . hollis benton gallery --day 190 a maitland 's black mercede pull up and heand tack get out . they head into the gallery . as shot 7/16/84 * 73 . 190b int . hollis benton gallery - day 190b * maitland and Zack approach jeannette who be at she desk on the phone . maitland hardly ever visit the gallery and he presence , along with Zack 's , be cause for some alarm on jeannette 's part . jeannette ( on phone ) yes ... well , we will check on it and I will get back to you tomorrow . yes ... thank you . she hang up . jeannette hello victor . maitland it hope I be not interrupt you . jeannette do not be silly . maitland Jenny , there 's this gentleman in town from Detroit who say he 's a friend of Michael tandino 's . he come by my office yesterday to ask I some question about he . I believe he name be foley . see as how Michael be a mutual friend , I be wonder if you be familiar with this fellow . jeannette conceal she nervousness well . _ seannette . uh ... yeah . we grow up in the same neighborhood . maitland quietly study she for a moment . maitland rave you see he lately ? jeannette well ... he be in yesterday . maitland he come by here ? ( continued } 190b as shot 7/16/84 * continued ( 2 ) jeannette yes . maitland nod expectantly . maitland and ... jeannette and he tell I that mikey be kill . maitland wait for more information . maitland yes ... jeannette and that 's it . he leave and I have not see he since . jeannette can not tell if maitland know she 's lie . maitland Jenny , darling , you would not know by any chance where Mr. foley be stay . I might have some helpful information for he . jeannette no I do not . maitland 's eye search she face . jeannette ( continue ) . he may even have go back to Detroit . I do not know . maitland well , I be sorrry to disturb you , darling . jeannette no problem at all . maitland we should have dinner soon . 80 . 190b '' - ay ( continued ) as shot 7/16/84 * 80a . 1903 continued ( 3 ) i90 B jeannette that would be lovely . they exchange subtext-ridden polite smile . jeannette watch as maitland and Zack leave . 191 already shot ig 192 already shot ig2 ( page 81-86 be omitted ) 193 194 195 through 196 as suot 7/18/84 * 82 through a7 . exd . hollis coyne gallery - day 193 x rosewood 's car pull into the load zone in front of the gallery . int . rosewood '’s car - day 194 * axel and rosewood . rosewood I be not take you to the art gallery , axel . axel billy . it will just take a few minute . my friend Jenny '1ll let I into maitland 's warehouse and as soon as they bring in the shipment , we can nail they . rosewood but how can you be sure it will be drug or something . axel it 's call a hunch , rosewood . it 's a technique by which many crime outside of beverly Hills be solve . rosewood why do not you tell bogomil about this shipment . axel because bogomil do everything by the book . I be beginning to think everyone in this town be a god damn robot . rosewood damn . all they ask I to do be drive you sut of town , and I be go to screw that up . 195 omitted thre 196 a oh ee 197 as shot 7/17/84 * 87a . int . hollis beaton gallery -- day 197 * through the window we see axel and rosewood pull up and enter , they walk past serge as they approach jeannette , . axel Jenny , this be my good buddy billy rosewood . he 's a beverly Hills cop . she 's the manager of this place , ( to serge ) serge , can you get my friend some espresso ? serge ( to rosewood ) would you like a lemon twist ? rosewood uh.... yeah , please . if it 's no bother . jeannette axel , Victor maitland be just here — ask about you . axel oh , yeah ? what dia he want to know ? jeannette he ask where you be stay . he say he have some helpful information for you . . axel yeah , I will bet . jeannette I think you paranoia be rub off on I . I will tell yau , he be act real strange . axel Jenny , I get to get into the warehouse again . there 's a shipment come in today and I want to be wait there . when it come . jeannette we be not expect any shipment today . axel and rosewood exchange glance . axel you may not be , but there 's one come in . I see the manifest . can you give I the key and the combination to the warehouse ? continued : 197 198 i98a 198b as shot 7/9/84 * 7/17/84 ** continued : jeannette how bout I go with you ? axel Jenny . you work with serge , you be nat a cop . jeannette axel . if any of this have to do with he get kill , I want to check it out for myself . axel I do not have time to stand here and argue with you . jeannette get she key . jeannette then we will argue on the way there . axel ( sigh ) c'mon rosewood . omitted ext . gallery warehouse -- day rosewood 's car pull up opposite the warehouse . int . rosewood be car -- day ' axel o.k . billy , you job be to sit here and observe . do not do anything , do not make a move until I come out and get you . rosewood I do not see why I can not come in . axel because you be a cop in this town and if you go in right now without probable cause they will call it a illegal search . do not they teach you that in cop school ? when I find some evidence I will invite you in . continued : 88 , 197 ** ise 198a '' 1g8b * . as shot 7/9/84 * 7/10/84** : 89 . 198b continued 1985 rosewood but ... e - axel but nothing . just sit tight . and do not do anything until I come out and get you , you understand ? ( to jeannette ) be you sure you just will not give I the key and wait here ? jeannette no chance . axel sigh . axel c'mon . 199 ext . gallery warehouse ~ day 199 axel and jeannette head to the warehouse door . she open it and they go in . 200 int . gallery warehouse - corridor @aday 200 axel and jeannette head through the maze of corridor . they come to the security door . jeannette punch up the combination . axel for the last time , Jenny , please . you would be safer in the car . jeannette that 's very sweet of you . I be glad you feel safer - but I be not go to do it . axel and jeannette head in through the security door . 201 201a 202 as sho ! ° , 10/04 . 90 . int . gallery warehouse -- day 201 * the warehouse appear to be desert . axel walk to a exate on the pack table and yead the custom notice . axel it look . . like they have be here already . jeannette what exactly be you look for ? axel this . a crate from overseas that have not clear custom yet . I wonder why it 's still here . angle on the crate 201a * axel take off , the lid . underneath be a layer of wax with a length of wire bury in it . axel pull on the wire which cut a large square in the wax . now axel can get he finger in to take out that wax square ; ; underneath the wax be a layer of coffee grounds . jeannette coffee ? . axel there 's toffee on the top . he reach through the two inch thick layer of coffee grounds and pull out a black plastic bag . he take a razor knife off the pack table and slit the bag open to reveal a white powder inside . close on axel and jeannette 202 * axel take a taste of the powder and look to jeannette . axel that 's it . let 's get rosewood , this aint sugar . suddenly from behind they come the click of pistol be cocked . it 's casey and one of maitland 's guard . casey welcome to the party . Long time no '' see . remember I ... casey and the guard wave they gun draw on axel and jeannette . '' continued : a 202 203 through 204 204a 2045 204c 204d 204e ee ete ieee ea mee wee wo ae as shot 7/16 ,/64 * ql , & sla . continued : 202 '' jeannette ( to casey , bluff ) hey wait a minute . I work for victar maitland . you be go to be in big trouble when he hear about this . casey you can tell he yourself , he will be here any second . 203 omitted thro 204 considered cover 204a considered cover 2048 '' considered cover 204c , int . gallery warehouse -~- corridor ~= day 204d * maitland lead he entourage . down the twist hallway lead to the warehouse 's inner steel door : int . gallery warehouse <= day 204e '' even casey get a little nervous when maitland come in . he level he pistol at axel . maitland seem we have guest . maitiand walk over to axel and jeannette . he look back and forth from one to the other . he keep he voice and manner quiet and calm , but anger radiate from he like heat wave in the desert . maitland what do we have here ? how nice . maitland study jeannette for a moment . continued : as shot 7/10/84 * . 92 . 204e continued : 204e * maitland ( continue ) I just can not tell you how much it disappoint I to find you here , jeannette , I think you be much smarter than that . {to axel ) I know you be not . jeannette Victor , let I ...... maitland ( suddenly overtly vicious ) shut up ! I do not want to hear it now . axel hey , vicky - I know you do not think I come down here without call someone . let 's call it a day . maitland eye axel curiously . , ~ maitland ( to guard regard jeannette ) take she to my car and wait for I . jeannette ... . what be you go to db with he ? g maitland I think you should be more worried about what we be go to do with you . get she out of here . ' axel : I be okay - we have get coffee , we have get cocaine , we be sonna have a blast . the guard escort jeannette aut . : 204ee €onsidered cover 204ee * 204p comsidered cover 204f * 205 through omitted 207 93 as shot 7/11/84 * 208 int . gallery warehouse -~- day 208 * axel glare at maitland axel you know Victor , if something happen to miss summer maitland I be all ear axel I will kill you . maitland that will be a neat little trick . Zack step up to axel . axel be you still piss at I ? zack I should have take care of you when we pop you little buddy in Detroit . Zack smile to axel who be cover with anger . Zack suddenly let out a powerful blow to axel 's midsection . as axel bend over , Zack 's smile sharply turn to a furious glare as he slap axel twice . with a know look to casey : maitland casey clean up this mess , and do not be afraid to take you time . casey yes sir . maitland ( to axel ) good- bye Mr. foley . axel take it easy vic. maitland have a nice day . axel T will try . 209 omitted 209 209a considered cover 209 aa * 209b * 2093 considered cover ( continued ) as shot 7/11/84 * int . gallery warehouse -~ day axel be hold by two guard . he glare at casey . casey study axel for a moment and then coddle the back of axel head . 93a 210 * as shot 7/10/84 * 94.95 , 210 212 212a 2128 212c 213 213a continued : 210 * partially cover on original page partially cover on original page ell * int . gallery warehouse -~day 212 * casey draw he pistol from he shoulder holster and start fire at rosewood . int . warehouse corridor ~~ day 212a * rosewood downs casey with one shot . int . gallery warehouse -- day 7 2128 '' axel break free of the two guard and kick the shit out of they . rosewood Jesus Christ !! axel come on , let go . axel and rosewood run down the corridor . axel thanks rosewood I think I be gonna throw up . axel let 's do it together later . omitted 212¢c omitted 213 omitted 213a 2133 214 through 240 240 a 241 ssiay W /o 96 . ext . gallery warehouse -~ day 213b ** axel and rosewood jump down off the load dock and sprint up the alley and across the street to rosewood 's car . 214 omitted through 240 int . rosewood be car —- day 240a x rosewood be on the radio , rosewood tell taggart to check out the warehouse at that address and act on whatever he find , I will explain it to he later . dispatcher voice dd 9 , sgt. taggart be here now and he want to talk to you . sgt . taggart voice billy ! what the hell be go on ? int . B. H. police dept . -~ operation room ~~ day 241 «x the two dispatcher have they desk in front of the big electronic map of beverly Hills . sgt. taggart be lean over they to talk into one of the microphone . rosewood voice sorry , sarge , I can not talk now . sgt . taggart what do you mean you can not talk now ? where be you ? rosewood voice just check out the warehouse , and do not say anything to bogomil , please , taggart look over at bogomil 's office . he can see bogomil through the glass wall ; bogomil be hard at work , oblivious to the little scene in front of the dispatcher desk , sgt . taggart what the hell be you do ? billy ? answer I , goddamn it ! dispatcher sorry sir , he 's not transmit anymore , ( continued ) as shot 7/26/84 * sga . 241 continued : 241-* poster and mccabe , who have be watch thia from they desk , come up . poster what 's the matter ? sgt . taggart it 's billy , he 's do something stupid but I do not know what . {to dispatcher ) wam he call from the hotel ? dispatcher no , siz , opoint to map ) right now he car be head north on Palm Canyon Road , mccabe — punny , we be there this morning . sgt . taggart ; what ? foster yeah , axel be look over victor maitland 's house , taggart punch the desk . sgt . taggart that stupid kidil I gotta go stop rim . do not gay anything about thia to anyone . . taggart turn away to go , then turna back to the dispatcher . ( contint ed ) mmy as shot 6/15/84 * 7/26/84 ** 97 . 241 continued : ( 2 ) 241 ) oxx sgt . taggart you get the address of that warehouse ? the dispatcher hand taggart a slip of paper ; taggart hand it to Foster , sgt . taggart you two go check this out , then find I and report , do not talk to anyone but I , taggart run for the door , 243 ext . palm canyon road -~ day 243 «+ rosgewood 's car be park at the curb in front of the huge éfiy . hedge border the maitland estagg , axel and rosewood i be lock at the main gate . '* + axel this be too out in the open there 's a side gate up the streét . axel and rosewood arrive up alongside the hedge until they reach a mailer side gate to the estate , rosewood '' I guess [ I would better give you this now . rosewood hand axel the 'mm brown axel bring from Detroit , together with axel 's spare clip . axel shove the gun in he waistband and the clip in he pocket , axel come on . ( point to the gate ) azel takag out a pair of thin lockpick from hia wallet . tee : tamara sa rectee dere , 244 through 246 247 248 249 through 253 as shot 6/27/84 * 98. 244 omitted through 246 ext . palm canyon road -- crane shot =~ day 247 we pull up from axel and rosewood until we can see over the hedge to the maitland mansion beyond . we move closer to the mansion until we be close on a upstair balcony area . int , the maitland mansion -- upstair study -~ day 248 + jeannette be sit on the sofa . maitland 's aide tack be with he , maitland geta up and walk over to she . maitland darling , tell I how far have this go - you can tell I . maitland lash cuT with the most vicious open hand slap ever see . jeannette topple off the couch , unconscious . maitland poke she lightly with he toe . maitland I do not kill she , do 1 ? I hope I have not break my watch . zack okneel beside she ) no , but she will be out for a while . maitland we have time . 249 omitted through 253 254 as shot 6/15/84 * 98a - 99 , ext , maitland estate - side gate - day '' 254 4 taggart 's unmark car smoke up to the curb and taggart get cut ina fury . rosewood look a little pale . taggart hold it right there , foley . you be under arrest . billy what the hell be you ing here ? axel ignore taggart and continue to work on the lock . : axel I steal my gun back and force he to bring I here . rosewood no he do not sarge , look , everything axel say about maitland be right , and he 's kidnap a woman and be hold she in that house . sgt . taggart then let 's go in there and get she . . axel what the fuck do you think I 'm*do ? sgt . taggart you be not go to do anything . we will handle this . we can have a search warrant here in twenty minute . axel ' she could be dead in twenty minute . sgt . taggart stop work on that lock . you be come with we . axel look mah , I be open this door . I be go inside . you want to stop I shoot I . rosewood I too , sarge . sgt . taggart billy ! ( continued ) a mama : : noe - ae ene tena as shot 6/15/84 * 100 . 254 continued : 254 '' rosewood really , sarge . you can do whatever you want , but I be go with axel . sgt . taggapt God damn it . this be really serious trouble , billy if you be lucky you will get fire . . axel get it ! the lock click opén , . sgt . taggart this be my last warning . but axel go in . rosewood move to follow . sgt . taggart billy ! rosewood I be sorry , sarge , I have get to . it 's against he every instinct , but taggart just can not let he young partner go it alone . sgt . taggart shit . wait a minute . taggart open the trunk of he car and come back with he riot shotgun . he follow axel and rosewood through the gate . sgt . taggart billy , I be gonna make you pay for this , 255 255 through omitted through 267 267 as shot 7/20/84 * 101 . 267a int . the maitland mansion =~ security room ~~ day 267a * jwo of maitland 's man , uniform a8 guard , sit at a console fill with security system , tv monftora , and electronic diagrama of the estate . there 's a red light blink on one of this , security guard # 1 ( to phone ) he hang up the phone and start work on the iv monitor . security guard # 1 _ ( page 102-110 omitted ) as shot 6/19/84 * 102 through 112 , 268 ext . maitland estate -— below the pool =~ day 268 axel , rosewood and taggart be creep up toward the pool , taggart start forward ; axel hold he back , point to @ small tv camera mweep back and forth . axel there be camera all over this fuck place . billy , you go firat , wait until it get to the far point of the sweep , then run like hell right for the camera and stand right under it . wait for it ... gol rosewood sprint toward the camera . 269 int , the maitland mansion ~~ security room <= day 269 * the guard punch up various view on the dozen tv monitor that cover the extensive grounds , but none of they show axel , rosewood and taggart . 269a ext . maitland estate -- pool area ~~ day 269a * axel approach a guard at poolside and start to hit he when another guard hit axel and axel downs both of they . guard who the hell be you ? but then axel slam into the guard from behind , knock he out . 270 ext . maitland estate ~~ pocl house ~~ day 270 * taggart and rosewood help axel bundle the unconscious guard into one of the little dress rooma off the poolhouse , 270a 2708 270c 271 through 275 275a 2753 276 5/12/84 i12. int , the maitland mansion ~~ security room -~ day 270 a oe suddenly one of the tv monitor show axel =~ rosewood and taggart be in shadow . guard # 1 preeze that . ( to the phone ) you better get the boss down here , ext , maitland estate -- day 270b as taggart go to the right , while axel . and rosewood 270c xx go around to the leave . 2721 omitted through 275 int . B. H. police dept . ~~ operation room ~~ day 275a ) xx Lt. bogomil come out of he office and look around , lt . bogomil where be everybody ? be rosewood back ? ownby , have you see taggart ? det . owenby be leave with Foster and mccabe about 20 minute ago . lo. bogohmil thanks . bogomil walk over to the dispatcher 's console . int . the maitland mansion ~~ security room ~~ day 275b xx maitland and zack be look at the freeze image of axel on one of the iv monitor , maitland kill he quickly . int . B. H. police dept . ~~ operation room =~ day 276 bogomil be pace nervously behind the dispatcher ' console , watch the status board which show the location of all the emergency vehicle in beverly bill . ( continued ) 5/12/84 113. 276 continued : 276 lt . bogomil try taggart and rosewood again , try Foster and mccabe too , dispatcher # 1 ( to radio ) dd 13 , come in please . dd 9 , come in please , dispatcher # 2 they must be away from they car , sir . Lt. bogomil ( impatiently ) yes , I can see that . keep try . wait a minute . who life at that address on Palm Canyon ? . dispatcher # 1 ( punch up on computer ) a victor maitland , sir . 277 angle on bogomil 277 he 's not real happy to hear this . he walk over to detective ownby 's desk . lt . bogomil ( quietly ) qwenby , I want you and hopkins to draw rifle and wait for I out in you car , have the engine run . owenby know better than to ask question . det . owenby draw rifle . yes , sir , right away . bogomil turn back to the status board , read the glow symbol of the move car . 278 278 through omitted through 279 279 279a ext . maitland estate ~~ day 279a six of maitiand 's goons , heavily armed , run out of the . house and down the step of the terrace , one of they spot rosewood , * ( continued ) 279 a 2793 279c 279d 5/12/84 114. continued : 279a goon # 1 there they be ! he open fire . a row of bullet 2798 splinter into the railing and smash the flower pot in front of axel and rosewood . rosewood do as he 's be ps train . he hold up he badge and shout : rosewood beverly Hills Police ! you be all under arrest ! axel yank rosewood 's arm back down just in time as the rest of the goons open fire at the two cop . axel squeeze eff a few shot with he brown . * axel {to rosewood ) * you open you mouth like that again and I will shoot you myself , ext . maitland estate ~~ angle on taggart ~- day 279c xx now taggart have come up against a wall ; he 's try to haul himself up when a line of bullet nearly graze he finger . he drop back down . sgt . taggart what the hell be I do here ? angle on axel and rosewood 279d xx they be pin down by maitland 's goons , as axel speak he swiftly eject the brown 's spend clip and smack in a new one . : axel on the count of three , you break right and try and meet up with taggart . I be gonna try to make it * to the house . ready ? one. two . Three . and axel pop up for a second to draw fire , then rosewood go off to he right and the fire swiches to he , then axel jump up again and fire , hit one of the goons who topple off the terrace , the other goons take cover and when they do 280 through 290 291 292 293 294 295 5/13/84 115 through 117. 280 omitted through 290 int . B. H. police dept . ~~ operation room ~~ day 291 bogomil be still hover right behind the dispatcher 's console . one of the dispatcher turn to he , dispatcher we have a report of shot fire that address , 1901 Palm Canyon Road . lt . bogomil put it out as a 10 - 13 , officer need assistance , shot fire . undercover ' on scene , dispatcher Sir ? lt , bogomil shut up and do it , int . a beverly hill police car —- day 292 the mot 800 terminal beeps loudly , the screen be wipe clean and replace by the follow message : 10-13 assist officer loc 1901 palm canyon rd . bh / los gat shot fire caution plainclothes officer on scene the second status button on the mot 800 be label " en route . " the officer in the passenger seat hit this button while the driver hit the switch for the siren and light , ext . sunset boulevard =~ day 293 two beverly Hills police car cross sunset in a flash , siren howling . ext . beverly hill police dept . —~ day 294 Lt. bogomil sprint out of the department 's '' officer only " entrance toward a unmark car ; in it , detective ownby and hopkins be wait with engine run , rear door open , the detective be carry rifle as order . bogomil jump in the back seat . the unmarked car 295 rocket out onto rexford , siren scream ~~ it 's halfway across Santa monica boulevard before bogomil get the back door shut . 296 297 298 299 300 through 301 302 302 a 5/14/84 118 , int . the maitland mansion =~ day 296 axel , pistol ready , walk quietly through a empty upstairs * bedroom , ext . beverly hill -~ helicopter shot -~ day 297 a bird - eye view of beverly Hills show dozen of police car converge on the maitland estate . ext . maitland estate -~ front gate ~~ day 298 the first six beverly Hills car be already here , ext . the maitland mansion ~~ day 299 the two guard from the security monitor room be now on the grounds search for the intruder , the SOUND of * nearby police siren have shake they up . security guard # 1 you want to stick around ? security guard # 2 Hell no . they run toward the garage area . 300 omitted through 301 ext . maitland estate -~ front gate =~ day 302 a pair of officer be try to climb around the huge hedge while a sergeant back he car up and ram it into the gate . the gate buckle but do not give . ext , maitland estate —- angle on rosewood —- day 302a ax rosewood be retreate from the goons use the shelter of the lower terrace . he hear a noise behind he and spin around : it 's taggart , retreate from the other direction . 303 303a 303b 303¢ 304 304a 5/13/84 lis . int . the maitland mansion ~~ upstair hallway -- day 303 it 's very quiet here in contrast to the bedlam outside , axel kick open a door , but the room 's empty . he walk on * down the hall , but then spin around as he hear a doberman guard dog 303a xx growl . axel and the dog look at each other for a moment , then the dog charge and axel sprint into the empty bedroom he would just kick in the door of , axel sprint across 303b ** the bedroom and just beat the dog into the bathroom ; axel slam the door and take a deep breath of relief which last only and instant because the dog charge in 303c *# * through a connect bathroom door that axel do not see behind hin , axel shit ! axel jump up on the sink and from there gain a perch precariously on top of the slide shower stall door . the dog leap insanely at axel . ext , maitland estate ~~ front terrace ~~ day 304 taggart and rosewood be still pin down by maitland 's goons . they can hear many siren , but no reinforcement have arrive , rosewood be reloading he revolver . rosewood you know what I keep think about ? De you remember the end of " butch * cassidy " when redford and Newman be almost out of ammunition and the whole bolivian army be outside this little hut ... sgt . taggart billy ! int . the maitland mansion ~~ bathroom ~- day 304a ** the doberman be still try to leap up at axel . carefully axel slide open the door of the shower stall , then dangle he foot down inside the shower . the craze dog jump into the shower to get axel 's foot ; axel slam the shower door shut and hop down on the outside , leave the dog harmlessly lock inside the shower . 304b 304c 304d 304e 304p 3046 3048 305 306 5/14/84 119a , ext . maitland estate -~ day 304b a couple of police officer be try without success to disable the automatic front gate . int . the maitland mansion ~- central area ~~ day 304c axel stalk through one of the main room , without any warning a bullet hit he high on the right shoulder and spin he around , maitland 304d stand laugh across the room . he wait before fire again , enjoy axel 's pain . but axel jump out of the way , into a alcove , axel' gun hand 3045 can not grip anymore , he try to transfer the gun to he leave hand . maitland 304f walk calmly over to the alcove , he smile , cock he gun , then spin around into the alcove , blast away . angle on the alcove 304g but axel be not there , maitland be shodt into a empty alcove . the only sign that axel ever be there be a few spot of blood on the floor , maitland ° 3044 hurry over to the stair . ext , maitland estate -~ front gate ~~ day 305 now a big police chevy have back up across the street : it accelerate and get up a good speed before ramming the gate . the gate bend , it buckle , then with a tremendous crash it 's tear loose and carry away . int . the maitland mansion -- study =~ day 306 maitland rush into he study , open he safe , and start fill a suitcase with cash and bearer bond , he ignore jeannette , who be still lie where she fall when he hit she . ke kr kk ee ak ae 306a 306b 5/14/84 1198 . close on jeannette . 306 a she 's not unconscious anymore ; she 's eyeing maitland covertly . she get up very quietly , pick up a table lamp and creep up behind maitland . she would love to bash he head in , but suddenly maitland 306 B alert by a shadow , whip around and drive he fist into she gut . kk 307 through 308 309 309 a 309 B 309 '' 309d 3095 309 F 3096 5/14/84 120. 307 omitted through 308 ext . maitland estate ~- driveway -— ~ day 309 the two security guard hop in the van park near the front door and gun it down the drive . they meet half a dozen beverly Hills Police car speed up it . the van turn off the narrow drive and crash into a fountain , x smash it} ; a great plume of water shoot up . the police car 309 k xx smash first into the van and then into each other , a five car accident in this narrow driveway . steam pour from the radiator . ext . maitland estate ~~ front gate <-~ day 3093 qwenby and hopkins ' car , carry bogomil , flash through the wreckage of the main gate and halt just before hit the pile - up of police car . * int . owenby and hopkin 's car ~> day 309c bogomil look at the chaotic scene , lt . bogomil oh , shit . come on . * he hop out of the car and lead they , sprinting , for the * house , int . the maitland mansion ~~ stairway ~~ day 309d xx axel be walk up the stairway , hugging close to the wall ; he shoulder wound leave a smear of blood on the white paint . alert by a noise he drop down ; a spray of bullet slam into the wall over he head , zack 309e xx be on the balcony opposite , hold a automatic weapon . axel so9f xx brace he gun between two railing of the banister and fire back . zack 309g xx catch the bullet in the chest . he topple over the balcony . 310 5/14/84 120a . ext . maitland estate ~- terrace -— ~ day 310 taggart and rosewood be now join by shotgun bear uniform officer . two of maitland 's thug be wounded ; the other look around , ready to run , but where can they go ? rosewood can I do it ? please ? sgt . taggart sure , billy , go ahead , rosewood poke he head up , more cautiously this time . rosewood beverly Hills Police ! you be under arrest ! Lay you weapon down in front of you and take two step back with you hand up ! the goons look at each other , then lay down they gun and surrender , billy rosewood grin at taggart , 311 through 313 313a 3138 313¢ 313d as shot 6/26/84 * : 121 , 311 omitted : through 313 int . the maitland mansion —~ upstair hallway -~ day 313a * axel 's halfway down the hall , about to kick in another bedroom door ; he suddenly spin around as he hear jeannette shout a warning behind he , maitland fire , but axel drop to the floor ; maitland 's shot miss , axel can not fire back because maitland be use jeannette ag a shield , maitland careful old bay you might hit I . maitland , keep a very tight grip around jeannette '' throat , back down the hall toward the spiral staircase . be have a gun to she head , . axel 313b * be on the floor halfway down the hallway ; he be try to line up a shot with he leave hand but the chance of hit jeannette be much too great . suddenly prom behind axel 313 '' * bogomil shout : lt . bogomil preezel bogomil , with _ to at the other end of the hall ; axel ia between they and maitland and axel can not tell if bogomil 's command be mean for he or maitland . maitland hold jeannette 313d * even more tightly maitland ig at the staircase now ; in a second he will be out of the line of fire . but maitland can not resist bring his.gun away from she head to take a shot at axel . ' this give jeannette a chance to jam she elbow into maitland 's stomach and break free . nen ee a ee ee nlite name enanlg 3132 313f 3136 3138 as shot 6/26/84 * 122. angle down the hallway . 3138 * axel and , beyond he , bogomil both fire . ' maitland 313p '' hit twice , stagger backward , he fire and the bullet teara a chunk out of the wall in front of axel 's face , then angle on the spiral staircase 3136 '' maitland tumble over the banister and down the center of the stairwell . . in the hallway 3138 * bogomil have come down the hall to stand beside axel ; they exchange a look : bogomil 's expression ig umreadable , dissolve to : cee they teen as shot 6/21/84 * . 123. 314 314 through omitted ' through 327 327 328 ext . maitland estate - later ~ day 328 now ambulance and fire truck , paddy wagon and tow truck have join the confusion in front of the mansion . 328a foster and mccabe' car 328a pull up . the two young detective look ' around at the action they have miss before run off to find taggart . . 329 two paramedic ambulance 329 be just inside the gate . a paramedic be bandage axel 's wound . rosewood and jeannette be near he . jeannette have a icebag on she head where maitland hit she . 329a angle on the terrace ~- axel' Pov 329a '' axel watch as Foster and mccabe run up to taggart . axel surmise they be report on what they find at the gallery warehouse . as axel watch , bogomil come down the terrace step and taggart hurry up to report to he , bogomil look startle , then he eye sweep around until they lock with axel 's . bogomil look speculatively at axel . 3298 angle on axel 3298 * he wink at bagomil . then he turn to jeannette . . axel be you sure you be all right ? jeannette yes . axel start3 to look under the ice bag . she stop he . axel let I take a look . jeannette you have already see it four time . I appreciate you concern and I know you feel guilty but I - - axel I do not feel guilty . ( continued ) as shot 6/21/84 * 123a . 329b continued 3298 * jeanette well , you should . axel I do . I be glad I be shot . otherwise you would really be piss at I . want to see my wound again ? he start to uncover he wound . he see . 329 '' chief' hubbard car 329 '' * pull in . axel oh shit . Hubbard walk toward the house past the steaming radiator of he police car and past the smashed fountain still spout water . Hubbard look like the wrath of God . Hubbard be so angry at so many thing , he hardly know where to begin . but they suddenly he bark ont : chief hubbard ( point to axel ) . what be this man do here ? . 3390 another angle 330 + axel bleed sir . chief hubbard rosewood ! how come he be not wear handcuffs ? rosewood start to stammer . rosewood ah , well , he ts in custody , sir . chief hubbard well , place he in custody . or would you like I to ? lt . bogomil ( hurry up ) do not you want to hear my report , first ? continued 124 , as shot 6/21/84 * 330 continued 330 * chief hubbard I be stand in the middle of what look like a battlefield . we have police on private property without warrant , Mr. maitland and four other civilian be dead . we have a detective from Detroit whoa be suppose to be escort out of town by now and you have a report that can explain all of this . ~ lo. bogomil yes , sir . chief hubbard I would very much like to hear it . lt . bogomil well , sir , miss jeanette summer , the manager of Mr. maitland 's art gallery , accidentally discover large quantity of a substance she suspect be cocaine in the Art Gallery 's warehouse . she immediately communicate she discovery the detective axel . foley of the Detroit Police force ? ( he take a breath ) detective foley be at the time cooperate in a joint beverly Hills / Detroit investigation of narcotic trafficking . Hubbard 's eyebrow shoot up , but he do not say anything . lt . bogomil ( continue ) detective foley and rosewood respond to miss summer 's report proceed to the warehouse where resewood do in fact discover approximately eighty kilo of cocaine . Hubbard 's eye shoot to rosewood who be nervous and have no idea where this wild tale be go . lt . bogomil . ( continue ) at that point maitland arrive and a gunfight ensue , during which miss summer be abduct by maitland . rosewood immediately call for backup and I dispatch we officer to this location . sgt. taggert here be first to arrive at the scene . ( continued ) as shot 6/21/84 * , 12s. 330 continued ( 2 ) 330 * Hubbard 's eye now land on a confuse taggart . lt . bogomil ( continue ) believe that miss summer be in danger and have probable cause to believe a felony be in progress , sergeant taggart join rosewood with detective foley present as a observer and proceed to enter the grounds . at this point a person or person on the property assault and attempt to kill the officer by fire on they . the officer return fire and in the course of lawfully defend themselves the officer shot several suspect , include Mr. maitland . chief hubbard you expect I to believe that report ? lt . bogomil that 's the report I be filing , sir . Hubbard look at bogomil . bogomil 's eye hold chief Hubbard 's for a long moment . Chief Hubbard 's expression be not readable . he turn to taggart . . chief hubbard sgt. taggart ! why do not you tell I what happen here ? rosewood 's eye widen with nervous anticipation . sgt . taggart it happen just like the lieutenant _ say , Chief . Chief Hubbard 's expression be not readable . he walk over to axel . chief hubbard and you ! do you go along with this , this so-called report ? axel yes , sir . that 's exactly the way it happen . . rosewood , taggart , and bogomil all hold they breath . then : continued as shot 6/21/84 * 330 continued ( 3 ) Hubbard walk help grin bogomil walk 126 . 330 * chief hubbard ( accept ) well , I guess congratulation be in order , gentleman . ( turn to bogomil ) have you report on my desk tomorrow morning . away . axel and the beverly Hills cop can not in relief , axel you be lyin’ you ass off . bogomil why do not you go to the hospital and get you shoulder look at . axel yes , sir . away , after a moment axel follow . axel uh... excuse I , Lt. bogqomil ? I be wonder if you could do I a favor ? bogomil I think you favor be all use up . axel ( disappointed ) I understand . oh . I be hope you would speak to my boss Inspector Todd back in Detroit . but that 's okay , I understand . it 's cool I guess i'm out of a job now , T be start to like beverly Hills . and I be think of start my own private investigation . bogomil I will call Inspector Todd first thing tomorrow . axel thank you , sir . axel walk back to jeannette and smile . 330 331 as shot 7/5/84 * 7/6/84 ** 426 . pr considered cover 330 ° int . beverly palm HOTEL lobby - day 331 * ** axel exit the elevator and head toward the reception desk . his wounded arm be in a light sling , and he hold he laundry bag with the other . axel {to clerk ) I be axel foley , check out of suite ten thirty five . < clerk one moment sir , I will get you bill . taggart and rosewood approach axel . '' axel fellas , I be touch . you do not have to come see I off like this . I be very move , this be a very nice gesture . rosewood bogomil order we to make sure you get out of town . axel all that matter be I be very touch . and taggart , you look a Little misty . the clerk return with the bill . clerk here you be , sir . ( continued ) 331 as shot 7/5/84 * 7/6/84 ** 127. continued : taggart nod . 33l * taggart &xcuse I . beverly Hills Police be take care of that . sn see no. axel that 's the last straw . you guy be to nice . ( to the clerk ) you sell that hotel robe down here right . clerk yes , sir . they be ninety - five dollar a piece . axel that 's alright . money 's no object . put two of they on my tab . clerk here you go . axel billy , you save my life . I do not know how to repay you , but as a token of my appreciation , I get you this robe . each time : you get out of the shower you think of axel foley . axel hand rosewood a robe . rosewood go rosewood thanks to pay the bill . r'wood start toward the door . axel follow he . taggart nod . taggart ( refer to axel 's bag ) lemme take that . you should rest that arm . billy take care of that . axel I kind of enjoy play con with vou . I think I be go to miss you . £ you ever in Detroit ... taggart I know - look you up . axel hand he the other robe . axel here ... this be for you . , . - ( continued ) o. . - wo not ene cert 331 332 as shot 7/5/84 * 7/6/84 ** 128.7 128a . continued ( 2 ) : , 331ne ** taggart that ' 's all right . you keep it . axel ' Hell , I get four of they in my bag . : taggart take the robe . taggart maybe my wife will like it . axel and taggart exit . ext . beverly palm HOTEL - night 332 * ** taggart and rosewood 's car be park in the hotel driveway . axel and taggart exit from the hotel and be wait for axel 's car . taggart let I ask you something about this precinct of yours in Detroit . be all the cop like you ? axel Nah . they think I be a pain in . the ass , too . ( beat ) but they love I . taggart . huh . you really grow on people . there 's a hint of a smile on taggart 's lip . rosewood exit from the hotel . axel 's car arrive . the attendant get out . axel get in the car . rosewood be not you go to say goodbye ? axel - 7 , why ? you guy be go to tail I to the city limit , be not you ? taggart yes , we be . axel well , I may stop for a drink or something . ( continued ) as shot 7/5/84 * 1/6/84 ** 129 , continued : taggart look 332 =* taggart that 's okay . we figure you would , axel . do that mean you be go to join I ? rosewood I do not think we can . we be still on duty . to rosewood and smile . taggart it would not kill we to have one beer , billy . axel yeah , billy , listen to taggart . lighten up : taggart and rosewood set in they car . axel stick he head out ef he car window . as they drive axel ( call back to they , if I get too far ahead of you , do not be embarrassed to honk . off ... taggart where be we go anyway ? axel trust I : I know the perfect place . fade out the end