" big fish " written by John August base on the novel by Daniel wallace final production draft this be a Southern story , full of lie and fabrication , but truer for they inclusion . fade in : a river . we be underwater , watch a fat catfish swim along . this be the Beast . edward ( v.o. ) there be some fish that can not be catch . it 's not that they be faster or stronger than other fish . they be just touch by something extra . call it luck . call it grace . one such fish be the Beast . the Beast 's journey take it past a dangle fish hook , bait with worm . past a tempting lure , sparkling in the sun . past a swiping bear claw . the Beast be not worried . edward ( v.o. ) by the time I be bear , he be already a legend . he would take more hundred - dollar lure than any fish in Alabama . some say that fish be the ghost of Henry wall , a thief who would drown in that river 60 year before . other claim he be a lesser dinosaur , leave over from the cretaceous period . int . will bedroom - night ( 1973 ) will bloom , age 3 , listen wide - eye as he father edward bloom , 40' and handsome , tell the story . in every gesture , Edward be bigger than life , describe each detail with absolute conviction . edward I do not put any stock into such speculation or superstition . all I know be I would be try to catch that fish since I be a boy no bigger than you . ( closer ) and on the day you be bear , that be the day I finally catch he . ext . campfire - night ( 1977 ) a few year later , and will sit with the other indian guide as Edward continue tell the story to the tribe . edward now , I would try everything on it : worm , lure , peanut butter , peanut butter - and -cheese . but on that day I have a revelation : if that fish be the ghost of a thief , the usual bait be not go to work . I would have to use something he truly desire . Edward point to he wedding band , glint in the firelight . little brave ( confuse ) you finger ? Edward slip he ring off . edward gold . while the other boy be rapt with attention , will look bored . he 's hear this story before . edward I tie my ring to the strongest line they make -- strong enough to hold up a bridge , they say , if just for a few minute -- and I cast upriver . int . bloom front hall - night ( 1987 ) Edward be chat up will 's pretty date to the homecome dance . she be enjoy the story , but also the force of Edward 's charisma . he 's hypnotize . edward ( cont 'd ) the Beast jump up and grab it before the ring even hit the water . and just as fast , he snap clean through that line . will , now 17 with brace , be fume and ready to leave . his mother sandra -- from whom he get he good look and practicality -- stand with he at the door . edward you can see my predicament . my wedding ring , the symbol of fidelity to my wife , soon to be the mother of my child , be now lose in the gut of a uncatchable fish . on will and sandra will ( low but insistent ) make he stop . his mother pat he sympathetically , then adjust he tie . will date what do you do ? edward I follow that fish up - river and down - river for three day and three night , until I finally have he box in . will regards he father with exasperate contempt . edward with this two hand , I reach in and snatch that fish out of the river . I look he straight in the eye . and I make a remarkable discovery . int . tiny paris restaurant ( LA rue 14 ° ) - night ( 1998 ) will , now 28 , sit with he gorgeous bride josephine . this be they wedding reception , crowded with they friend and family . they should be joyful , but will be furious . Edward have the floor , ostensibly for a toast . the room be cozy and drunk . edward this fish , the Beast . the whole time we be call it a he , when in fact it be a she . it be fat with egg , and be go to lay they any day . over near the doorway , we spot Sandra , just return from the restroom . she look gorgeous . she could not be any happier if this be she own wedding . edward now , I be in a situation . I could gut that fish and get my ring back , but do so I would be kill the smartest catfish in the ashton River , soon to be mother of a hundred other . will can not take any more . josephine try to hold he back , but he get up and leave . Edward do not even notice . edward do I want to deprive my soon - to - be - bear son the chance to catch a fish like this of he own ? this lady fish and I , well , we have the same destiny . as he leave , will mutter in perfect unison with he father -- edward and will we be part of the same equation . will reach the door , where he mother intercept he . sandra honey , it 's still you night . will can not articulate he anger . he just leave . edward now , you may well ask , since this lady fish be not the ghost of a thief , why do it strike so quick on gold when nothing else would attract it ? ( closer ; he hold up he ring ) that be the lesson I learn that day , the day my son be bear . he focus he word on Sandra . this story be -- and have always be -- about she more than anyone . edward sometimes , the only way to catch a uncatchable woman be to offer she a wedding ring . a laugh from the crowd . Edward motion for Sandra to get up here with he . as she cross , we can see that thirty year of marriage have not lessen they affection for each other . as they kiss , Edward tweak she chin a special little way . the crowd applaud . Edward toast the happy couple . josephine cover well for she absent husband , a smile as warm as summer . Edward downs he champagne in a gulp . ext . outside LA rue 14 ° - night we come into the middle of a argument on the sidewalk . occasional passersby take notice , especially as it get more heat . both man be a little drunk . edward what , a father 's not allow to talk about he son ? will ( disbely ) I be a footnote in that story . I be the context for you great adventure . which never happen ! incidentally ! you be sell novelty product in wichita the day I be bear . edward ( shaking he head ) Jesus Christ . will friend of yours ? do you help he out of a bind ? edward come on , will . everyone like that story . will no dad , they do not . I do not like the story . not anymore , not after a thousand time . I know all the punchline , dad . I can tell they as well as you can . ( closer ) for one night , one night in you entire life , the universe do not revolve around Edward Bloom . it revolve around I and my wife . how can you not understand that ? a long beat , then ... edward ( low ) sorry to embarrass you . will will not let he get the last word . will you be embarrassing yourself , dad . you just do not see it . angle on Edward . Fine . a hand to wave , enough of you . he walk away . angle on will , still fume with righteous anger . it 's then we freeze frame . will ( v.o. ) after that night , I do not speak to my father again for three year . int . a.p. newsroom ( paris ) - day a typically busy day . on hold with the phone cradle under a ear , will sort through a bundle of mail drop on he desk . will ( on phone ) ( without pause ) William Bloom with the Associated Press if I could just ... he 's put back on hold . returning to the mail , he find a hand - address envelope . rip it open . will ( v.o. ) we communicate indirectly I guess . in she letter and Christmas card , my mother would write for both of they . int . bloom house kitchen - day at the table , Sandra talk on the phone while Edward fix a sandwich . will ( v.o. ) when I would call , Mom would say that dad be out drive . or swim in the pool . Edward take a seat , start to eat he sandwich . will true to form , we never talk about we not talk . int . bloom house master bedroom - night Sandra stand by the window , watch as ... ext . bloom back yard - night [ continuous ] Edward swim lap in the family pool . he 's bear to the water . will ( v.o. ) the truth be , I do not see anything of myself in my father , and I do not think he see anything of himself in I . we be like stranger who know each other very well . ext . river - day Edward stare intently into the water , a lion in wait . will ( v.o. ) in tell the story of my father 's life , it 's impossible to separate the fact from the fiction , the man from the myth . the best I can do be to tell it the way he tell I . we look down at the river , where Edward 's reflection be catch in the dark water . as the water ripple past , something change . sure enough , as we look up again , it 's a young edward bloom , 20' , stare into the water . he 's not just handsome , not just charming . it 's as if all the force of the natural world have conspire to create he . will ( v.o . ) it do not always make sense , and most of it never happen . suddenly , this Edward thrust both hand into the water , grab hold of the beast . he bring the catfish up to he face . look it right in the eye . a beat , then the Beast spit out Edward 's gold ring . will ( v.o. ) but that 's what kind of story this be . smiling , Edward take the ring , then throw the Beast back into the water with a splash . title over : big fish int . hospital room - day Young Dr. bennett stand between the wife 's leg . she 's flustered and sweat , but the doctor have a comforting bedside manner ... young dr . bennett now , Mrs. Bloom , I will need you to give I one good push . on three . one ... suddenly , we hear a pop as a slimy mass of human be rocket into the doctor 's unprepare hand . bennett try to hold tight , but the infant be slippery like a fish . it shoot up into air . the nurse and the husband try to grab the baby , but no one can hold it . as the newborn sail upward toward camera , we can see a giggling smile on its face . as it fall , the newborn knock over a tray , which provide it a ramp to slide right out of the room . everyone race after it . int . hospital hallway - day burst through the door -- young dr . bennett grab that baby ! a nurse finally scoops up the slippery baby . everyone let out a collective sigh of relief . will ( v.o. ) my father 's birth would set the pace for he unlikely life . no longer than most men' , but larger . and as strange as he storey get , the ending be always the most surprising of all . int . half -dark paris apartment - ( present ) day over the sound of rain , a phone ring on a chair . by the tone of the ring , we know we be not in the U.S. -- it have that insistent european sound . as it keep ringing , we look to see the apartment be mostly empty , just a few half - unpack box . a cradle be still in its carton . keys in the lock . laughter in the hallway . the door swing open to reveal a drench will ( 29 ) carry four sack of grocery , the bottom collapse from the rain . his wife josephine ( 28 ) push past he to get the phone . josephine allo oui ? will begin stripping out of he wet clothes , each layer unleash a new drizzle . he play it up , try to get a reaction out of josephine . josephine ( on phone ) yes , he 's here . she hand the phone to will , concerned . josephine it 's you mother . half -strip , will take the phone . this will not be good news . will ( on phone ) hi. uh-huh . uh-huh . as josephine take off she rain coat , we see she be very , very pregnant . she listen carefully to will 's side of the conversation , try to gauge how bad the news be . will ( cont 'd ) what do Dr. bennett say ? okay . no , sure , let I talk to he . I will wait . he cover the mouthpiece . look over to josephine . josephine it 's bad . will it 's more than they think . they be go to stop chemo . josephine you need to go . will probably tonight . a beat . josephine I be go with you . will you do not have to . josephine ( a simple fact ) I be go with you . int . AIR FRANCE 747 - night as the plane continue board , a stewardess recite the welcome spiel in french . will have a window seat in coach . josephine sit beside he , put on hand lotion . take he hand , she rub the excess into he . there 's a effortless intimacy between they . she can pinpoint what he 's feel before he can . int . 747 / flying - night hour later , and the light be dimme . most of the passengers be asleep , include josephine . her head be propped against will 's shoulder , she hand tuck under she belly . will watch she sleep , brush back she hair . a beat , then he notice a bore boy in the next row over . off the glow of the read light , the boy be use he hand to cast shadow on the seat back . the kid be pretty good , make a convincing bird , a passable monkey , and finally a dog . we push in on the silhouettes . edward ( o.s. , prelap ) so which one 's it gonna be ? the monkey in the barn , the Dog in the Road ? focus on the final shadow , we ... match CUT to : int . bloom house - night ... come to find Edward make the shape . will ( 6 ) sit in he pajamas on the floor next to he . the endtable lamp lie between they , its shade off to cast big shadow on the wall . will the one about the witch . edward you mom say I can not tell you that one anymore . you get nightmare . will I be not scared . Edward look around for a beat , see if he wife be in earshot . he then lean in , complicitous . edward neither be I . at first . will smile , excited to hear the forbidden story . edward this all happen in the swamp outside of ashton . kid be not suppose to go out in the swamp , on account of the snake and spider and quicksand that would swallow you up before you could even scream . but there be five of we out there that night : I , ruthie , wilbur freely , and the price Brothers , Don and Zacky . Edward hold up he hand , count the name on he finger . edward not a one of we know what be in store . as he hand move past the light , we come to : a flashlight sweep past . we be ... ext . field at the swamp edge - night the night be whirring and breathing , alive . the moon hang low , casting long shadow . five kid walk past in silhouette . four have flashlight on . the fifth keep trip , crash into young edward ( 10 ) . edward Zacky , turn you flashlight on ! zacky I do not get any battery ! red-headed zacky price be 10 . his brother don price be 12 , and a lot bigger than the other . don price then why would you bring it ? zacky I do not want to be in the swamp with a witch and no flashlight . wilbur freely , also 10 , be the black asthmatic son of a sharecropper . redheaded ruthie macklin , 8 , be happy just to be there . edward be it true she get a glass eye ? wilbur freely I hear she get it from gypsy . edward what 's a gypsy ? zacky you momma 's a gypsy . don price you momma 's a bitch . ruthie you should not swear . there 's lady present . don price shit . zacky damn . wilbur freely screw . edward ( whisper ) turn off you flashlight ! she will see them . moving up behind the kid , we find ourselves at the gate of ... ext . a creepy old house - night adult edward ( v.o. ) now , it 's common knowledge that most town of a certain size have a witch , if only to eat misbehave child and the occasional puppy who wander into she yard . Witches use that bone to cast spell and curse that make the land infertile . we pull back , and back , revealing more of the gothically creepy house : its break window , strangling vine , and eerie gargoyle half - bury in the dirt . even bat be afraid to fly over it . in the moonlight , the house be especially sinister . who know what be lurking in the shadow ? adult edward ( v.o. ) yet of the all the witch in Alabama , there be one who be the most fear . for she have one glass eye , which be say to contain mystical power . we finally come to the kid , stare in through the gate . wilbur freely I hear if you look right at it , you can see how you be gonna die . edward that 's bull - s-h - i-t , that be . she 's not even a real witch . don price you be so sure , why do not you go in and get that eye ? I hear she keep it in a box on she nighttable . Edward look back at the spooky house . don price or be you too scared ? edward I will go in right now and get that eye . don price then do it . edward Fine , I will . don price Fine , you do it . edward Fine , I be do it . he hand Zacky he flashlight , then start climb the gate . ruthie Edward , do not ! wilbur freely she will make soap out of you ! ( to ruthie ) that 's what she do , she make soap out of people . Edward drop down on the far side of the gate . Truth be tell , Edward be scared , but he forges ahead anyway . wilbur look to ruthie , and they be in complete agreement . they get the hell out of there . Zacky would run too , but Don hold he by the collar . ext . approaching the house Edward curve around the tall bush that hide the front door . anything could jump out of they . he step on the porch . the board squeal and creak , but he continue on . a cat scream out from a break wicker rocker . catch he breath , Edward reach the front door . the doorknob be ancient brass , two projection that look like horn . yet Edward extend he hand , reach closer and closer before he finally ring the doorbell . impossibly fast , the door open , revealing a old woman with a patch over she leave eye . she look like she 's be dead for year , but too stubborn to lie down . edward ( calm and straightforward ) ma'am , my name be Edward Bloom , and there 's some folk would like to see you eye . ext . back at the gate - night Zacky and Don price wait for Edward , each moment more convinced he 's already dead . but suddenly , he 's back at the gate . don price you get the eye ? edward I bring it . don price ( dubious ) let 's see it . the Old woman step out of the shadow behind Edward , flipping up she eye patch . when they flashlight beam hit she leave eye , it shine with a hellish glow . we rush in on Zacky , who be paralyze by what he see . CUT to : ext . front porch of house - day a old man -- Zacky -- stand on a wobbly stepladder , change a lightbulb . suddenly , the ladder give way and he fall . Dead . ext . at the gate - night we rush in on Don price . CUT to : int . fraternity house bathroom - day twenty - year old Don price fall face - forward on the tile , face mushed in the grout . very much dead . ext . at the gate - night Don and Zacky both tremble with fear . the latter have tear in he eye . zacky I see how I be gonna die . I be old , and I fall . don price I be not old at all . the brother suddenly bolt . still stand next to the Old woman , Edward smile . ext . at the old woman' door - night Edward help she back inside . he could leave now , but curiosity get the better of he . edward I be think about death and all . about see how you be gonna die . the Old woman turn to he slightly , still not face he . edward I mean , on one hand , if die be all you think about , it could kind of screw you up . but it could kind of help you , could not it ? because you would know that everything else you can survive . the Old woman smile a little , a crooked grin of break tooth . edward I guess I be say , I would like to know . the Old woman turn lean she face right in front of he . and on a silent count of one , two , three -- Edward look into the Eye . this time we do not cut . instead , we hold on Edward as he witness he death . he stare transfix , perplex and amused . whatever he see , it 's not as dire as the other boy . his future have something strange in store . edward huh . that 's how I go ? the Old woman nod . still a little overwhelm , Edward turn and leave . adult edward ( v.o. ) from that moment on , I no longer fear death . and for that , I be as good as immortal . as Edward leave , the door swing shut on its own . match CUT to : int . / ext . bloom house - ( present ) day the front door open to reveal will and josephine on the porch with they bag . reverse to will 's mother Sandra ( 53 ) , surprised and a little annoyed . sandra how do you get here ? will we swim . the Atlantic , it 's not that big really . sandra Ruth mchibbon offer to pick you up at the airport . will we rent a car . sandra ( simply ) you do not need to do that . you just do not . a beat . start over ... will hi , Mom . he lean in and hug she . she surrender , squeezing she son tight . will and he mother be cut from the same cloth -- strong - will but practical . they have always be close . sandra I be so glad you be here . that hug finish , Sandra push past she son to she daughter - in - law . see the size of she belly -- sandra you should not have fly . but ... they hug . josephine it 's good to see you . you look beautiful . it 's not flattery . it 's the truth . sandra thank you . I will bet you need to -- josephine yes . sandra down the hall on the right . the door stick . you have to really pull it . josephine squeeze past , a smile to she husband -- be nice . will head back to the rental car to retrieve luggage . Sandra follow he . come down the driveway , we get to see the house for the first time : a older suburban home , three bedroom , big for the neighborhood , and nicely grow into the lot . kide be play on the street . will be that Dr. bennett 's car ? sandra he 's up with you father . head back to the house ... will how be he ? sandra he 's impossible . he will not eat . and because he will not eat , he get weaker . and because he 's weaker , he do not want to eat . will how much time do he have leave ? sandra you do not talk about that thing . not yet . int . kitchen - day Sandra be pour iced tea for will and josephine . dr . julius bennett ( 85 ) enter from the foyer , still wind from come down the stair . he be the town 's first Black physician . he 's still the town 's best physician . dr . bennett will . will Dr. bennett . it 's good to see you . ( they shake ) my wife , josephine . dr . bennett a pleasure . he judge she belly . dr . bennett you be seven month . josephine ( impressed ) to the day . he lean close to she , whisper in she ear ... dr . bennett it 's a boy . she smile , surprised but not doubting . will look over -- what do he say ? josephine shake she head . back to the main subject ... sandra you do not think he look any worse . dr . bennett no . I would say he 's the same . and in the silence that follow , a lot be say . it be not the upbeat reply Sandra be hope for . will can I see he ? dr . bennett absolutely . be good for you to talk to he . a moment of awkwardness -- everyone here know they have not speak in year . Sandra hand will a squat can of ensure from the case on the counter . sandra get he to drink one of this . he will not , but tell he he have to . int . foyer - day come out from the kitchen , will slowly climb the stair . they creak with every step . the wall be fill with family photo , happier time . most of the picture be of will , start when he be a infant and end at he wedding . as he climb the stair , we can see he grow up with every step . int . upstair hallway - day a crack of sunlight spill around the half - open door at the end of the hallway . will walk towards it , run a hand along the wallpaper . almost at the door , he stop for a beat . get he breath . then go inside . int . guest room - day Edward Bloom , 61 , lie asleep on the bed . although he 's not the vibrant man we have see before , it 's not as bad we fear . the illness have be quick , and leave he largely intact . there be no i.v. 's , no monitor , nothing . come up to the bed -- will dad ? Edward crack open a eye , a beat before he focus . he try to say something , but no word come out . he look over at a pitcher on the nightstand . will pour he a glass of water , help he hold it to he parched lip . finish , Edward set down the glass by himself . a very long , tense beat . will almost speak again to fill the silence . finally ... edward you -- ( he point ) -- be in for a surprise . will be I ? edward have a kid change everything . I mean , there 's the diaper and the burping and the midnight feeding ... will do you do any of that ? edward no , but I hear it 's terrible . then you spend year try to corrupt and mislead this child , fill its head with nonsense and still it turn out perfectly fine . will you think I be up for it ? edward you learn from the best . will do not rise to the challenge . a beat , then he remember the can of ensure . hold it up . Edward recoil . will just drink half the can . I will tell she you drank the whole thing . everyone win . a beat , then Edward roll he eye . Fine . will crack open the can , find a straw on the nightstand . edward people need not worry so much . it 's not my time yet . this be not how I go . will really . edward truly . I see it in the Eye . will the Old Lady by the swamp . edward she be a witch . will no , she be old and probably senile . maybe schizophrenic . edward I see my death in that eye . and this be not how it happen . will so how do it happen ? edward surprise end . would not want to ruin it for you . Edward slurp down as much of the ensure as he can stand , then push the can away . he swallow with difficulty . edward there be this panhandler who use to stop I every morning when I come out of this coffee shop near the office . will okay . edward and every day I give he a quarter . every day . then I get sick and be out for a couple of week . and when I go back there , you know what he say ? will what do he say ? edward you owe I three - fifty . will really . edward true story . a beat . will when do you ever work in a office ? edward there 's a lot you do not know about I . will you be right . Edward give a wry smile . he walk into that . edward you mother be worried we would not talk again . and look at we . we be talk fine . we be storyteller , both of we . I speak mine out , you write yours down . same thing . will will not commit to Edward 's assessment . will dad , I be hope we can talk about some thing while I be here . edward you mean , while I be here . will I would just like to know the true version of thing . event . story . you . Edward laugh a little , which become a cough . the hacking escalate until another drink of water get it under control . it 's not clear whether any of this be a act to keep from talk . edward you mother have not be keep up the pool . if you want to you could ... will I will . edward you know where the chemical be ? will I use to do it when you be go , remember ? I use to do it a lot . he do not mean for that to sound so point . take the half - empty ensure , will get up to go . he 's at the door when ... edward I be never much for be at home , will . it 's too confine . and this , here . be stick in bed . dying be the worst thing that ever happen to I . he smile at he joke . will I think you be not die . edward I say this be not how I go . the last part be much more unusual . trust I on that . int . upstair hallway - day shut the door behind himself , will drink the rest of the ensure himself . Edward be right . it taste horrible . head for the stair , will walk past a open door . as he leave frame , we stay behind to look inside ... int . will bedroom - day [ flashback ] ... where a eight - year old will be propped up in bed , he face cover with chicken pox and pink calamine lotion . he 's show Edward how many bump there be on he arm . young will Dr. bennett say I be go to have to be home for a week . edward that 's nothing . I once have to stay in bed for three year . young will do you have chicken pox ? edward I wish . CUT to : int . tiny church - day wearing a white shirt and tie , young edward -- still about 10 -- sing " down to the River my Lord " along with the congregation . his voice be high and thin , but he give it he all . suddenly , he voice crack and drop a half -octave . and then another . his friend wilbur freeley and ruthie look over , wonder what 's wrong . embarrass , Edward just keep singing , try to follow along with the baritone part . he pull at he collar . then pull again , he face get red . start to panic , he loosen he tie . he 's start to undo the collar button when it pop off by itself . two more button fly off . one hit a chubby woman in the neck . on he shoe as we watch , Edward 's pant cuff rise inch by inch -- that 's how fast he 's grow . edward ( v.o. ) Truth be , no one quite know what be wrong . most time , a person grow up gradually . I find myself in a hurry . int . young edward bedroom - day Young Edward lie in bed , he limb connect to various pulley and lever to support he weight . he have a dozen encyclopedias around he , and another dozen on the floor . edward ( v.o. ) my muscle could not keep up with my bone , and my bone could not keep up with my body 's ambition . so I spend the better part of three year confine to my bed , with the World Book encyclopedia be my only mean of exploration . I have make it all the way to the " g's , " hope to find a answer to my gigantificationism , when I uncover a article about the common goldfish . insert : the encyclopedia article , complete with drawing . young edward ( read ) " kept in a small bowl , the goldfish will remain small . with more space , the fish can grow double , triple , or quadruple its size . " Young Edward think this through . edward ( v.o . ) it occur to I then , that perhaps the reason for my growth be that I be intend for larger thing . after all , a giant man can not have a ordinary - size life . ext . baseball field - day the crack of a bat announce the game - win home run . the crowd cheer the swing , and especially the batter as he round the basis . although we have see he briefly before , this be we first real exposure to grown - up edward , who we will follow from roughly the age of 18 to 30 . edward ( v.o . ) as soon as my bone have settle in they adult configuration , I set upon my plan to make a bigger place for myself in ashton . ext . school field - day single shot : football hero Edward lead he team to victory . on the sideline , a pretty girl admit the name of she secret love : girl Edward Bloom ! the other girl squeal in agreement . Don price look over , glower . ext . neighborhood - day single shot : a lawnmower roar along the grass . we look up to see who 's push it , but it 's not Edward . it 's one of he teenage employees . Edward be back at the truck , which be paint to read , " Bloom landscape . " he have worker on every lawn . he sign a autograph for a admiring cub scout . int . basketball court - day Edward take a impossible shot at the buzzer from the other end of the court . naturally , he make it , win the game . as the crowd go wild for Edward , Don price be the only teammate who do not mob he . ext . town - day Edward carry a dog out of a burn house . int . science fair - day Edward win a blue ribbon for he invention , a machine label " perpetual motion . " he and the judge pose for a photograph . a flash . piss , Don price throw he crappy lima bean plant in the trash . int . high school stage - day a dashingly handsome Edward lead the cast out for a curtain call . he 's the star of the show . off to the side , we see Don price be the ass -end of a horse costume . Edward soak in he applause , smile and gracious . ext . graduation stage - day Edward accept he diploma . the principal hug he tight . edward ( v.o. ) I be the biggest thing ashton have ever see . until one day , a stranger arrive . ext . farm - day as two farmer shake they head , we reverse to a show a massive hole punch through the side of a barn . it 's roughly the shape of man , but no human could be that large . ext . sheep pen - day two fat ewe look up , a shadow fall across they . they bleat in panic as two oversize hand reach in and scoop they up . they protest continue as they be carry away , one under each arm . we still have not see the full stranger . ext . court house - day a mob of about 50 have gather , many of they with shotgun . amid the crowd we see Don price . sharecropper he eat a entire cornfield ! little girl he eat my dog ! hot -blooded shotgun toter if you be not gonna stop he Mayor , we will ! mayor I will not have mob violence in this town . now , have someone try talk to he ? some farmer you can not reason with ' im ! shephard he 's a monster ! agreement from the crowd . and then ... a voice ( o.s. ) I will do it . everyone turn to see who say that . the crowd part to reveal none other than Edward Bloom . Don price glower . edward I will talk to he . see if I can get he to move on . mayor Son , that creature could crush you without try . edward trust I , he will have to try . ext . hill outside ashton - day Edward climb up the last bit of the steep hillside , reach the mouth of a cave . outside , buzzard squabble over the remain of the giant 's feast : break barrel , bone pick clean . in he most serious voice , Edward call out : edward hello ! there 's no answer . edward my name be Edward Bloom ! I want to talk to you ! from deep in a cave , a thunderous voice : voice ( o.s. ) go away ! the giant 's voice have such force , it blow Edward 's hair back . edward I be not go anywhere until you show yourself . a beat , then we hear a rumble , like a train come . Edward brace himself , fist ready for a fight , if that 's what it 's go to take . as the rumble get louder , the ground start to shake . even Edward start to worry . just how big be this guy ? edward ( v.o. ) armed with the foreknowledge of my own death , I know the giant could not kill I . all the same , I prefer to keep my bone unbroken . Edward pick up a stone , ready to play David to goliath . then suddenly , the giant burst forth . hunched over , he slam into a stunne Edward , knock he halfway down the hill . karl the giant be bigger than any man you have ever see . not just tall , but massive . he 's completely feral , with a beard to he elbow and skin scratch and blister . what remain of he clothes be rag and muddy . God know what 's live in he matte hair . Karl lean over Edward , block the sun . Edward throw he rock , but it just bounce off . the giant do not even notice it . karl why be you here ? Edward ponder the best response , settling on ... edward so you can eat I . the town decide to send a human sacrifice , and I volunteer . Karl 's eye narrow , confuse . Edward stand up . edward my arm be a little stringy , but there 's some good eat on my leg . I mean , I would be tempt to eat they myself . ( beat ) so I guess , just , if you could get it over with quick . because I be not much for pain , really . Edward close he eye , hand at he side , ready to be eat . Karl just stare at he , not sure what to do . after a beat , Edward open he eye a tiny bit , just to see what the giant be do . relieved to see he 's not lick he chop -- edward look , I can not go back . I be a human sacrifice . if I go back , everyone will think I be a coward . and I would rather be dinner than a coward . Karl sit down with a boom , deject . edward here , start with my hand . it will be a appetizer . reaching up , Edward shove he hand into Karl 's mouth . but the giant spit it back out . karl I do not want to eat you . I do not want to eat anybody . it 's just I get so hungry . I be too big . and that 's the sad truth . Karl be less a monster than a freak -- a giant man , but in the end , just a man . Edward take a seat beside he . edward do you ever think maybe you be not too big ? maybe this town 's just too small . I mean , look at it . circle behind they , we look down at ashton -- a tiny town in a tiny valley . edward hardly two storey in the whole place . now I have hear in real city , they have get building so tall you can not even see the top of them . karl really ? edward would not lie to you . and they have get all - you-can - eat buffet . you can eat a lot , can not you ? karl I can . edward so why be you waste you time in a small town ? you be a big man . you should be in the big city . Karl smile , but then it fade . a certain sad suspicion -- karl you be just try to get I to leave , be not you ? that 's why they send you here . edward what 's you name , giant ? karl Karl . edward mine 's Edward . and truthfully , I do want you to leave , Karl . but I want to leave with you . ( closer ) you think this town be too small for you , well , it 's too small for a man of my ambition . I can not see stay here a day longer . karl you do not like it ? edward I love every square inch of it . but I can feel the edge close in on I . a man 's life can only grow to a certain size in a place like this . ( beat ) so what do you say ? join I ? Karl think a moment . then -- karl okay . edward okay . they shake on it . edward now first , we gotta get you ready for the city . ext . river - day in a single shot , Karl cut he hair with hedge clipper , while Edward cut up a surplus army tent to make he a shirt . ext . MAIN STREET of ashton - day spirit buoy by the high school marching band , all the good citizen of ashton be gather to see off Edward and Karl . there 's a few tear amid the familiar face . mayor ( loudly , for the crowd ) Edward Bloom , first son of ashton , it 's with a heavy heart we see you go . but take with you this Key to the City , and know that any time you want to come back , all we door be open to you . Edward duck a bit so the Mayor can put the key around he neck . the crowd cheer . and with that , Edward and Karl start walk , wave as they go . only don price , smoking on the corner , be not sad to see Edward go . he crush he cigarette under he heel . he wish he could crush Edward . many of the townfolk come onto the street to hug Edward or shake he hand . edward ( v.o. ) that afternoon as I leave ashton , everyone seem to have advice . various townfolk find yourself a nice girl ! do not trust anyone in kentucky ! watch you pride , Edward Bloom ! edward ( v.o. ) but there be one person whose counsel I hold above all other . as the crowd part , he find himself face to face with the old woman . the ruckus slow and quiet , as if a strange spell have be cast . she motion for Edward to lean down , so she can whisper something to he . although we be very close , we can not hear she voice . edward ( v.o. ) she say that the biggest fish in the river get that way by never be catch . the advice only succeed in confusing Edward . edward ( to the Old woman ) okay . thanks . Edward and Karl keep walk . the Old woman shuffles off , somehow know she advice will go unheeded . karl what do she say ? edward beat I . ext . road - day we tilt up from the road to reveal Edward and Karl walk out of ashton . each wear a backpack with all he earthly possession . edward ( v.o. ) there be two road out of ashton , a new one which be paved , and a older one that be not . people do not use the old road anymore , and it have develop the reputation of be haunt . Edward and Karl come to a bend , where the paved road veer leave and a overgrown dirt road run straight . the old road be block with sign and warning of danger . edward ( v.o. ) since I have no intention of ever return to ashton , this seem as good a time as any to find out what lay down that old road . Karl look at the dirt road , wary . karl you know anyone 's who 's take it ? edward that poet , norther winslow do . he be go to Paris , France . he must have like it , because no one ever hear from he again . ( beat ) tell you what . you take the other way and I will cut through here . meet you on the far side . a little paranoid ... karl you be not try to run away ? edward just to be sure , you can take my pack . Karl perk up , even though it mean more for he to carry . ext . dirt road - day the road be overgrown , but not altogether creepy . the sun be still shine , and the bird still chirping . spin the Key to the City , Edward whistle , because it 's a day mean for whistling . ext . further along - rough path the road have narrow to a rough path . Spikes of sunlight break through the thick canopy , catch particle in the air . still , Edward whistle . come around a bend , he pitch drop as he see thick , thorny vine grow across the path . he stop . for the first time , he realize the bird have stop sing . the forest be dead quiet . he look back the way he come . it 's tempting to go back . it would be easier to go back . but Edward press on . he carefully step through the thorns . his trouser leg catch on the barb . we can hear the fabric tear . further along a scratch and sweaty Edward wave off various stinging bug fly at he , finally whipping off he hat to swat at they . just then a cawing crow swoops down and grab the hat right out of he hand . edward you stupid sonofa ... he stop he swear , but grab a rock and throw it . the stone ricochet off a tree and into a bee's nest . the swarm roar out . Edward high - tail it , each step still precarious . ext . the dark forest - day [ later ] Edward be bruise , batter and bee-stung . a half - break sign lie in the road . Edward pick it up . read it : warning ! jumping spider ! sure enough , up ahead he see the path be overgrown with thick cobweb , heavy from the rain . edward ( v.o. ) there come a point where a reasonable man will swallow he pride and admit he 's make a terrible mistake . the truth be , I be never a reasonable man . Edward toss the sign and forges ahead , into the spiderweb . edward and what I recall of Sunday School be that the more difficult something become , the more reward it be in the end . ext . clearing / the road - day Edward emerge from the forest , brush the last cobweb off and shaking the spider from he shirt . one be stick in he sleeve , and he have to dance to get it out . even then , he still keep twitching , convinced another one be leave behind . at he foot , the gravel road have return , smooth and dusty and comforting . ahead lie a tiny one -street town -- smaller even than ashton -- with powerline emerge from the wood to feed it . dangle from the line above he see two dozen pair of shoe , they lace tie together . he pass a sign that read " welcome to spectre ! " ext . the town of spectre - day it 's a main street with store on each side : Cole 's pharmacy , Talbot 's five and dime , Al 's country store . everything be old , but this be not a ghost town . in fact , there 's a group of about 20 citizen spilling out to see Edward approach . most be smile . there be even a few tear of joy . what 's more , all of this people be barefoot . man' voice friend ! a forty - year old man name beamen come out of the seed store to greet Edward . friendly but a little drunk , he 's the close thing the town have to a mayor . he 's carry a clipboard . beamen welcome to ya . what 's you name ? edward Edward Bloom . beam check the clipboard . not find the name , he flip forward a few page . still look ... beamen Bloom like a flower ? edward yes . beamen oh. here ! right here . Edward Bloom . we be not expect you yet . still confuse ... edward you be expect I ? beamen not yet . a helpful woman name mildre chime in : mildre you must have take a shortcut . edward I do . it nearly kill I . beamen mmm-hmm . life will do that to you . and truthfully , the long way be easier , but it 's longer . mildre much longer . beamen and you be here now , and that 's what matter . beam 's daughter jenny ( 8 ) hide behind she father , peer around to look at the handsome stranger . edward what be this place ? beamen the town of spectre . best keep secret in Alabama . say here you be from ashton , right ? last person we have from ashton be norther winslow . edward the poet ? what ever happen to he ? beamen he 's still here . let I buy you a drink . I will tell you all about it . Hell , I will have he tell you . edward no. I have gotta meet somebody . I be already run late . he do not mean it as a joke , but for some reason , everyone 's laugh . beamen Son , I already tell you . you be early . int . beamen' house - day sitting at the kitchen table , Edward take a second slice of apple pie . he and beam be join by norther winslow ( 30 ) , who fancy himself a culture artist , though he 's never leave the state . beamen now tell I if that be not the best pie you ever eat . edward it truly be . under the table Young Jenny be stealthily untying the lace on Edward 's shoe . norther winslow everything here taste better . even the water be sweet . never get too hot , too cold , too humid . at night the wind go through the tree and you would swear there be a whole symphony out there , play just for you . suddenly , Jenny yank off Edward 's shoe . she race for the door . edward hey ! he chase after she . ext . town / MAIN STREET - day as she run , Jenny tie Edward 's lace together . reaching the edge of town , she toss the shoe up and around the power line -- a perfect throw . there 's no way he 's ever get they down . the gather citizen of spectre cheer for Edward , who be confuse and overwhelm . the woman hug he . Men shake he hand . still focus on he shoe ... edward wait ! I need that ! norther winslow there be no softer ground than town . mildre that rhyme ! beamen he be we poet laureate . the townsfolk continue to congratulate Edward ... edward ( v.o. ) sometimes in a dream , you will visit place that seem instantly familiar , fill with friend you have never meet . ext . under a tree - dusk Edward sit with norther winslow . the firefly be out . thousands of they . edward ( v.o. ) a man might travel he entire life and never find a place so invite . my journey have scarcely begin , and I have arrive . norther hand he he noteboook . norther winslow I have be work on this poem for 12 year . edward really . norther winslow there 's a lot of expectation . I do not want to disappoint my fan . a beat . edward it 's only three line long . norther grab he notebook back . norther winslow this be why you do not show work in progress . edward norther , do you ever regret not make it to Paris ? norther winslow I can not imagine any place better than here . edward you be a poet . you oughta be able to . and maybe if you would see more , you could . norther do not answer . just go back to he notebook . ext . by the river - night by the light of the full moon , Edward soak he foot in the water , try to make sense of it all . the Key to the City dangle around he neck . he stare at himself in the reflection . he smile . it 's then that a woman emerge at the far side of the river . no tell where she come from -- she must have be swim underwater . we never see she face . she stand in the river with she bare back to Edward , squeezing the water out of she golden hair , oblivious to he presence . Edward be breathless . it 's the first woman he 's see in she natural state , and he do not dare move lest he frighten she away . then he see the snake . it 's a cottonmouth , have to be . it leave a break in the water , its small reptilian head aim for she flesh . there 's no decision to be make . on pure instinct , Edward dive in . he swim as hard as can , grabbing the snake just as it 's about to strike . the woman dive back underwater , understandably terrify that a man be come at she . edward no , it 's okay ! I get it . I get the snake . as the splash subside , Edward look at what he hold in he hand . which be not a snake at all , but rather a common stick . and a non- threaten one at that . while Edward ponder he mistake , he look around to discover that the girl in the River be go . he never even see she face . edward wait ! I be sorry . hello ?! Edward keep expect she to surface , somewhere , but she never do . he stand alone in the river , wonder what trick he eye be play on he . ext . by the river - night - continuous a girl voice ( o.s. ) there 's leech in there ! Edward look to the bank , where young Jenny Hill be watch he . edward do you see that woman ? jenny what do she look like ? edward well , she ... uh ... jenny be she nekkid ? embarrass to admit it ... edward yeah . jenny ( matter-of -fact ) it 's not a woman , it 's a fish . no one ever catch she . give the day he 's have so far , Edward be not inclined to follow up on the issue . he start to wade back to the bank . jenny ( cont 'd ) Fish look diff 'rent to diff'rent people . my daddy say it look like the coon dog he have when he be kid , back from the dead . Edward climb up onto the shore , completely drench . he pull up he pant leg to reveal three shiny leech cling to he skin . edward shoot . he start to work pull they off . ext . path back to town - night Edward and Jenny walk back . jenny how old be you ? edward eighteen . jenny I be eight . that mean when I be eighteen , you will be 28 . and when I be 28 , you will only be 38 . edward ( a little wary ) you be pretty good at arithmetic . jenny and when I be 38 , you will be 48 . and that 's not much difference at all . eager to get off this subject ... edward sure be a lot now , though , huh ? ext . MAIN STREET - night as Edward and Jenny approach Main Street , they find " downtown " have be transformed . lantern and streamer hang on cable across the street , and a small stage have be build at one end to hold fiddler . the whole town be there in celebration of its newest citizen , Edward Bloom . before he can protest , two women have grab he by the arm , pull he in to dance with they . the result dance number seem both choreograph and complete chaos . from farmer to baker' wife , everyone want to dance with Edward , who find himself toss around like a stick catch in a whirlpool . still , he 's have a blast . Jenny grab both he hand , and they spin wildly . beam pluck he laughing daughter away to dance with she . then mild cut in to dance with Edward . it 's hard to hear over the music . mildre Jenny think you be quite a catch . we all do . edward ( not hearing ) what ? mildre I say you be quite a catch ! Edward stop dance . a beat , then he head for the edge of the crowd . beam be there , with Jenny on he shoulder . edward I have to leave . tonight . beamen why ? edward this town be everything a man could ask for . and if I be to end up here , I would consider myself lucky . but the fact be , I be not ready to end up anywhere . beamen no one 's ever leave . jenny how be you gonna make it without you shoe ? edward I suspect it will hurt a lot . and with that , Edward walk down Main Street . the townspeople stop dance , disbely , some shaking they head . poor Edward Bloom 's go crazy . beamen ( call after he ) you will not find a better place ! edward I do not expect to . Jenny run to he . she would tackle he if she could . jenny promise I you will come back . edward I promise . someday . when I be really suppose to . it 's not good enough , but it will have to do . Edward keep walk . ext . the dark forest - night various shot : Edward negotiate the thorns in he bare foot . it 's horrible . almost unendurable . and then it get worse . the tree ahead be move . at first , it just seem to be the wind blow the branch , but as we hear the wood cracking and groaning , there 's no mistake it : they be try to block he . snake-like white root shoot out of the ground , grab for he ankle . he leap up , kick off one tree trunk to grab another one 's branch . he swing off , land and roll . now all the tree be move to block he , they dark shape tower over he in the flash of lightning . edward ( v.o . ) as difficult as it be to reach spectre , I be fated to get there eventually . after all , no man can avoid reach the end of he life . as he duck under branch , the chain hold the Key to the City get catch . he 's almost strangle , but the chain finally break . the silver key disappear into the mud . scramble forward , he look for a way out . but the tree have encircle he , they spiky crown bend down to crush he . he scream up at the night , until he breath be go . edward and then I realize , this be not the end of my life . with a sudden calm ... edward ( aloud ) this be not how I die . another lightning flash , and suddenly the tree be back where they have always be . Edward be lie shoeless and tear in a muddy puddle , stare up at the rain . and laughing . ext . the road - day his bare foot step onto asphalt . a deep voice friend ! Edward turn to see karl to he right , come down the larger , paved road . karl what happen to you shoe ? Edward look down at he muddy , bloody foot . edward they get ahead of I . with that , the man start walk down the larger road . crossfade to : int . dine room - night Edward and will sit at opposite end of the table , with Sandra and josephine in the middle . although Edward have a small plate of food in front of he , he have not touch it . he 's exhaust from the trip downstairs , but determine to maintain the family dinner ritual . the other three eat awkwardly , each clink and scrape of a knife or fork resonate . will finally break the silence . will I do not know if you have see it , but josephine have some photo in the most recent Newsweek . sandra really ! that 's wonderful . josephine I spend a week in Morocco for the story . it be incredible . sandra we will have to pick up a copy . a beat . as will scoops out another serve of potato , Edward suddenly speak : edward I do not know if you be aware of this , josephine , but African parrot , in they native home of the congo -- they speak only french . all three stop to listen . josephine ( amused ) really . edward you be lucky to get four word out of they in English . but if you be to walk through the jungle , you would hear they speak the most elaborate french . that parrot talk about everything : politics , movie , fashion -- everything but religion . take the bait ... will why not religion , dad ? edward it 's rude to talk about religion . you never know who you be go to offend . a beat . will josephine actually go to the congo last year . edward oh , so you know . int . grocery store - night will shake a shopping cart free from the pile - up while he mother check she list . at the produce section Sandra start to bag string bean . will Mom , would you say you understand dad ? sandra of course . will what I mean be , do you really know what 's go on in he head ? sandra yes . will how be that possible ? I mean , you try to ask he a question and suddenly it 's another one of he storey . ( decidedly ) you can not honestly say you know he . sandra yes , will , I do . and do not presume thing you do not know . she 's more amused than annoyed , but will be enter dangerous territory . sandra would you say you understand josephine ? will yes . but that 's a different ... sandra no it 's not . it 's exactly the same . you father and I meet , we date , and we marry -- we choose each other -- because we understand each other on some fundamental level . just the same as you two . she move on to the carrot . will josephine and I have a lot in common . sandra yes , you both think William Bloom be a very smart man . ( beat ) the problem be , you only see I as you mother , and not as someone 's wife . and I have be he wife longer than I have be you mother . you can not discount that . will true . but I have know he my whole life , and I do not feel like I know he at all . or ever will . with a look , Sandra acknowledge the stake . sandra I know it 's not easy . just remember , he do not choose to be you father and you do not choose to be he son . you just end up together . you could pick number out of a dark bag and it would be just the same . if you ask I , it 's a wonder parent and child can stand each other at all . will but I understand you , Mom . I always have . sandra well , clearly you do not . but I be not the mystery you be try to solve right now . int . at the checkout - night reaching the cashier , Sandra hand over she coupon . will be approach with a Newsweek magazine . two checkstand over , a attractive blonde woman in she 50' be get she change . though she 's Sandra 's generation , she carry herself like a much young woman , with blue jeans and sneaker . she accidentally make eye contact with will as he pass . we hold on the woman , who track will as he reach Sandra . it 's hard to read she reaction : do she recognize he , or just find he attractive ? will notice the gaze . the woman turn away . will rack he brain -- do he know this woman ? sandra before I forget , you father have papers in the basement I would like you to go through . I would not know what 's important . will ( distract ) Mom , do you know who that be ? blonde hair . Sandra look . after a beat , the blonde woman turn again , semi-casually . notice that both will and Sandra be look , she smile a little before take she cart to leave . sandra ( no idea ) be she one of you teacher ? will no . but it 's weird . she seem to recognize I . sandra ( to the cashier ) do you know who that be ? the cashier turn to look . he can only get a profile as the woman leave . cashier never see she before . pretty , though . int . guest bedroom - night a portable fan quietly whirr in the corner . turned low , the radio on the nightstand be play a call - in am sport show , just a wash of background chatter . Edward lie asleep on he back . at the window , josephine quietly lower the shade . she reach over Edward to switch off the radio . he stir from the silence -- he be not fully asleep -- and see josephine stretch over he . edward ( playfully lecherous ) hello . she smile . josephine hi . how be you feel ? edward I be dream . josephine what be you dream about ? he try to recollect , but it 's already go . josephine motion , be it okay for she to sit on the bed ? he nod . edward I do not usually remember unless they be especially portentous . you know what that word mean , portentous ? she shake she head . edward means when you dream about something that 's go to happen . ( beat , gather ) like one night , I have a dream where this crow come and tell I , " you aunt be go to die . " I be so scared I wake up my parent . they tell I it be just a dream , to go back to bed . but the next morning , my aunt stacy be dead . josephine that 's terrible . edward terrible for she , but think about I , young boy with that kind of power . be not three week later that the crow come back to I in a dream and say , " you grampa be go to die . " well , I run right back to my parent . my father say , no , gramp be fine , but I could see there be trepidation . and true enough , that next morning my grampa be dead . he sit up a bit in bed , he strength return . edward for the next couple week , I do not have another dream . until one night the crow come back and say , " you daddy be go to die . " ( beat ) well , I do not know what to do . but finally I tell my father . and he say not to worry , but I could tell he be rattle . that next day , he be not himself , always look around , wait for something to drop on he head . because the crow do not tell how it be go to happen , just that word : you daddy be go to die . well , he go into town early and be go for a long time . and when he finally come back , he look terrible , like he be wait for the axe to fall all day . he say to my mother , " good God . I just have the worst day of my life . " ( beat ) " you think you have have a bad day , " she say . " this morning the milkman drop dead on the porch ! " josephine smile , a half - laugh , which get he smile too . a long beat . then , deadpan ... edward because see , my mother be bang the milkman . josephine no , I understand . edward he be slip she a little extra cream . she nod , a bit more of a laugh . edward he be fill she basket . he be make delivery around back . as Edward continue , she can not help but laugh harder , especially as the metaphor get more vulgar . edward he be butter she roll . pump she churn . splash milk in she box . josephine stop . edward they be squeezing the cheese . clank the bottle . lick the popsicle . she 's start to cry from laugh . edward crack the egg and make a omelet . with that , he stop . she regains she composure . edward spoon the sherbet . josephine ( interrupt ) can I take you picture ? edward you do not need a picture . just look up handsome in the dictionary . josephine please ? he roll he eye , why not . josephine leave , head down the hall to get she camera . we stay with Edward in bed . josephine ( o.s. ) I have photo from the wedding to show you . there 's a great one of you and my father . I have a extra print make . Edward grimace , a flash of pain . around other , he 's hide how much it hurt , but alone we can see how bad it be . he control he breathe , try to push through it . josephine I want to see picture of you wedding . I have never see any . she return with she camera . Edward smile , do a good job mask the pain . edward that 's because we do not have a wedding . you mother - in - law be never suppose to marry I . she be engage to somebody else . josephine ( load film ) I never know . edward will never tell you that ? ( she shake she head ) probably just as well . he would have tell it all wrong anyway . all the fact and none of the flavor . josephine oh , so this be a tall tale ? edward well , it 's not a short one . a devilish smile . push past Edward , we settle on the whirling fan . match CUT to : spinning pinwheel hold by a little boy . he 's slump over he father 's shoulder , be carry towards a big - top tent . we be ... ext . olympia circus - night ... where the second - rate carnival be park for the moment in a Alabama field . to the leave , we spot Edward , 20 - ish , halfway through a bag of peanut . he 's still carry the backpack we see earlier , and scratch up from he trip through spectre . edward ( v.o. ) I have just leave ashton , and be on my way to discover my destiny . not know what that would be exactly , I explore every opportunity that present itself . join the crowd , he head into the big-top . int . big top - night a troupe of stilt - walking firebreather finish they act to tremendous applause . as the performer clear away , the circus ' owner - and -ringmaster amos calloway ( 50 ) approach the stand . he may only be four foot tall , but amo have a titanic presence . amos lady and gentlemen , you may think you have see the unusual . you may think you have see the bizarre . but I have travel to the five corner of the world , and let I tell you , I have never see anything like this . from behind amo , carny start roll a massive ball towards the crowd . amos when I find this man , he be pick orange in Florida . his fellow worker call he El penumbra -- the shadow -- because when you be work beside he , he block out the daylight . he could take a whole tree in he hand and shake off the fruit . I have to pay he crew boss $ 10,000 just so I could take he with I . amo come up to a middle - aged woman in the first row , a quieter moment . amos not to alarm you , ma'am . but if this man want to , he could crush you head between he toe . ( she tremble ) but he will not . ( a long beat ) he 's not go to hurt she , folk , because he 's we own Gentle giant . lady and gentlemen , I give you colossus ! the carny back away from the ball as a deep drum roll begin . a moment , then the ball start to bulge from inside . a foot suddenly burst out from within . gasp from the crowd . that foot be massive . in the stand , Edward look closer . intrigue . as the drum beat intensify , a second foot break out . follow by hand . shoulder . finally , the head . this be colossus . from a very low angle , we look up to see just how massive he be . he seem to fill the heavens . with he shave head and giant club , he seem more ogre than man . in the bandstand , a young boy 's jaw drop in awe . colossus walk down the row , let the crowd get a better look at he . some reach out to touch he , disbely . a tight spotlight follow he , revealing face in the crowd . colossus pass Edward , who seem unimpress . he lean with the spotlight , whistling to get the big man 's attention . he point to the edge of the stand , where he friend be sit on the dirt -- karl the giant stand up , so big the spotlight have to widen just to hold he . he 's a good foot taller than colossus . there 's a gasp from the crowd , along with nervous anticipation -- what will happen next ? angle on amo , stunne , megaphone dangle . angle on colossus , realize the gig be up . with a resign shrug , he rest he club on he shoulder and walk away into the shadow . CUT to : int . big - top - night / later as the stand empty , Edward and Karl talk to amo . amos what 's he name ? do he talk ? it 's not important . karl Karl . amos tell I Karl , have you ever hear of the term " involuntary servitude ? " Karl shake he head . amos " unconscionable contract ? " nope . amos great , great . that 's fantastic . edward ( v.o . ) it be on that night Karl meet he destiny . and I meet mine . almost . int . big top - night - continuous as amo pull Karl aside to give he the hard sell , Edward notice a beautiful young woman ( 16 ) leave with she family . she 's wear a blue dress and hat . for no good reason , she look back at Edward . the two make eye contact . and as they do , all motion freeze . a fiery baton remain mid-twirl , flame lock in place . a spill box of popcorn hang in mid-air , each kernel like a snowflake . even the elephant be mid-poop . only Edward be free to move , wind he way between the freeze body , ducking underneath arm to get closer and closer to this woman . edward ( v.o. ) they say when you meet the love of you life , time stop . and that 's true . what they do not tell you , be that once time start again , it move extra fast to catch up . suddenly , everything rush . the crowd become a blur , and the young woman be lose in its wake . now it 's Edward who 's freeze , helpless in time . ext . dirt parking lot - night Edward check in window as car pull out , search for he fated love . not find she , he become more frantic , run down the row . crossfade to : the empty lot colossus be thumbing for a ride . the last pickup truck stop and let he climb in back . as the truck pull out , it pass a deject Edward . he will never find that girl , the love of he life . int . big - top - night amo lean over so Karl can sign a contract on he back . he spot Edward walk back into the tent . amos hey kid ! you friend just make himself a star . edward that 's great . amo hand off the contract to a clown . ( introducing ) my attorney , Mr. soggybottom . edward good to meet you . Mr. soggybottom honk he horn , then waddle off . amos what 's the matter with you , kid ? I have not see a customer so depressed since the elephant sit on that farmer 's wife . ( beat ) get it ? " depress ? " Karl chuckle . amos see ! the big guy like it . edward I just see the woman I be go to marry , I know it . but then I lose she . amos tough break . most man have to get marry before they lose they wife . edward ( with absolute conviction ) I be go to spend the rest of my life look for she . that or die alone . amos Jesus , kid . ( realize ) let I guess . Real pretty , blonde hair , blue hat ? edward yes ! amos I know she uncle . Friends of the family . edward who be she ? where do she live ? amos kid . do not waste you time . she 's out of you league . as amo start to walk away , Edward hurry to catch up with he . Karl follow as well . edward what do you mean ? you do not even know I . amos sure I do . you be hot shit back in hickville , but here in the real world , you get squat . you do not have a plan . you do not have a job . you do not have anything but the clothes on you back . edward I have get a whole backpack full of clothes ! he point to the bleacher , where no backpack be to be find . edward ( realize ) someone steal my backpack . amos kid , you be a big fish in a small pond . this here be the ocean , and you be drown . take my advice and go back to puddleville . you will be happy there . get in front of amo , Edward stop he . edward wait . you say I do not have a plan . I do . I be go to find that girl and marry she and spend the rest of my life with she . amo smile , amused . edward I do not have a job , but I would have a job if you give I one . and I may not have much , but I have more determination than any man you be ever go to meet . amos sorry , kid . I do not do charity . edward I will work night and day , and you will not have to pay I . you just have to tell I who she be . amo take a long look at he . ultimately , there 's no way he can say no . he shrug . what the hell . amos every month you work for I , I will tell you one thing about she . that 's my final offer . Edward shake amo 's hand before he can retract the offer . we move into a montage : int . big top CENTER ring - night close on Edward , smile nervously . his head be tilt to the side , and as we pull back , we see why : he 's hold it in a massive lion 's open mouth . the beast 's sharp tooth be just poke he skin . if the lion so much as flinch , Edward be dead . the crowd applaud , which make the lion antsy . which make Edward antsier . edward ( v.o. ) from that moment on , I do everything Mr. calloway ask , and a lot of thing he do not . I would go three day without stop to eat , and four day without sleep . ext . the hydra - day his eye droopy from lack of sleep , Edward man the whirling amusement park ride . edward ( v.o. ) the only thing that keep I go be the promise of meeting the girl who would be my wife . nodding off , Edward fall backward , into the path of the spin arm . one of the hydra car hit he square in the gut , throw he up and away , sailing 200 foot through the air . ext . field - day Edward chase a costume pig , trip over tent cord , fall in the mud . his hunt lead he through the back of a tent , where he 's unwittingly step in front of a line of motorize bird . to the leave , customer be shoot with rifle . he dodge four shot that knock down the bird around he . he catch he breath , lucky . then a half - blind old woman pull she trigger , hit he in the shoulder . ext . behind a tent - day Karl the giant bandage Edward 's arm as well as he can . amo be walk past . edward Mr. calloway ! it 's be a month today . amo stop , look at the young man . finally ... amos this girl , the love of you life . her favorite flower be daffodil . he walk away . we push in on Edward , enrapture by the concept . edward daffodil . ( to Karl ) daffodil ! int . stable - day Edward shovel shit in the nastiest stable you have ever see . but all he can think about be ... edward ( to himself ) daffodil ! the wonder of it . he go back to shoveling , a smile on he face . edward ( v.o. ) true to he word , every month amo would tell I something new about the woman of my dream . int . a dark place - night close on Edward , lose in quiet reverie , ponder he latest bit of information . edward College ! she 's go to college ! a sudden explosion as Edward be shot ... int . big top - night [ continuous ] ... out of a giant cannon . int . stable - night under a full moon , Edward feed the animal . edward ( to himself ) Music ! she like music . I like music too ! edward ( v.o. ) over the month , I learn a lot about the woman I be go to marry , but not she name , and not where to find she . that time have come . I could not wait any longer . ext . amos calloway' trailer - night under a full moon , Edward walk up to the batter camper , and be about to knock when he notice it 's rock . a lot . not just that , there 's moaning come from inside . but Edward knock anyway . edward Mr. calloway ! it 's Edward Bloom . I need to talk to you . suddenly , the rock and moan stop . a beat , then the door handle begin to rattle . it seem to be stick . Edward turn the knob . suddenly , the door burst OPEN . Edward be knock down by a massive black dog , biggest you have ever see . it have green glow eye and a lick of fire for a tongue . Edward wrestle with the beast , its mouth snap at he throat . block with a arm , Edward try to push himself free , but the creature 's hand -- it have hand instead of paw -- hold on tight . entwine , they roll across the dirt . the other nearby carny scatter for cover . Mr. soggybottom pull a revolver out of he clown suit . load a silver bullet . Edward finally succeed in throw the beast off . he roll to he foot . the hell hound square back on its haunch , growling , ready for another leap . Mr. soggybottom shed a clown tear , aim the revolver at the dog . at the last moment ... edward no , wait ! Edward move just as Mr. soggybottom fire . the bullet catch Edward in the shoulder , knock he down . the carny gasp . lick its chop , the dog approach the helpless Edward , who feel the ground around he , look for some kind of weapon . he find only a small stick . he wave it at the dog , ready to strike it . like magic , the dog 's whole demeanor change . it bounce excitedly , ready to play fetch . see a opportunity , Edward throw the stick as far as he can . the dog bound after it , smashing down three car . it return a beat later with the flame stick , which it drop at Edward 's foot . its tail whip back and forth . edward it be that night I discover that most thing you consider evil or wick be simply lonely , and lack in the social nicety . Edward throw the stick again . the dog take off in a new direction . transition to : ext . field - pre-dawn exhausted from play fetch all night , Edward throw the stick into the wood . the still - spry dog go after it . it 's go for a long time , long enough that Edward become concerned . he follow it into the wood . int . wood - dawn amo calloway stand up behind a bush , buck naked and hairy . he still have the stick in he mouth , which he take out as Edward approach . amos do not kill anything , do I ? edward a few rabbit , but I think one of they be already dead . amos that would explain the indigestion . Edward toss he he jacket to cover he private . amos I be wrong about you kid . you may not have much , but what you get , you get a lot of . you could get any girl . edward there 's only one I want . a beat . amos her name be Sandra templeton . she 's go to auburn . the semester 's almost over , so you better hurry . edward thank you . amos good luck , kid . Edward walk away . then start run . he have to get there as soon as possible . amo sit down and scratch he ear with he foot . ext . big top - day Edward shake Karl 's giant hand . they hug . edward ( v.o. ) after say my goodby , I hop three train to get to auburn that afternoon . ext . auburn university - day we descend on the main quad , to find Edward Bloom dunking he head in the fountain . he change out of he grubby shirt into a new one , just out of the package . it 's the mid-1960' , but by the conservative dress of the pass student , it could be any era . ext . sorority house - day Edward stand with a bouquet of daffodil in front of a half - open door . through the crack we can see the edge of a young woman , talk in hushed tone with another girl we can not see . finally , a decision be reach . the door open to reveal the woman of Edward 's dream , Sandra Kay templeton . she 's effortlessly beautiful , pure and simple as sunlight . he can not believe he 's finally reach she . he half - laugh , nervous . that make she laugh , not sure what 's go on . edward you do not know I , but my name be Edward Bloom and I be in love with you . I have spend the last three year work to find out who you be . I have be shot and stab and trample a few time , have my rib break twice , but it 's all worth it to see you here , now , and to finally get to talk to you . because I be destine to marry you . I know that from the first moment I see you at the circus . and I know it now more than ever . on sandra , overwhelm . all she can finally think of to say be ... sandra I be sorry . edward do not need to apologize to I . I mean , I be the luckiest person you be go to find today ... she put she hand on the door frame . on she leave ring finger , we see a diamond . sandra no I be sorry , I ... I be engage to be marry . on edward as he heart fall 20 floor . he try to suppress the reaction , put on a brave front . edward oh. sandra but you be wrong . I do know you , at least by reputation . Edward Bloom from ashton . see , I be actually engage to a boy from ashton . Don price . he be a few year older than you . flashcut to : ext . creepy old house - the gate - night Young Don price shine he flashlight on Edward . various h.s. athletic competions 93 recapping earlier football , baseball and basketball highlight , we find Edward beat Don every time . the STREET corner / ashton parade a smoking Don price crush he cigarette as Edward leave town . back to : ext / int . sorority house - the doorway Edward be dumbstruck . with all the strength he can muster ... edward well. congratulation . I be sorry to have bother you . he turn and walk down the front step . she stay in the doorway for a few beat , feel genuinely horrible for what 's happen . but eventually she go back inside . we hear giggle from inside as she sorority sister get to the bottom of this . sandra stop it . it 's not funny . that poor boy . we lead Edward as he walk away , tear just start to form . edward ( v.o. ) fate have a cruel way of circle around on you . after all this work to leave ashton , the girl I love be now engage to one of its biggest jerk . he exit frame , leave only the sorority house in the background . edward ( v.o. ) there 's a time when a man need to fight , and a time when he need to accept that he destiny be lose , that the ship have sail , and that only a fool would continue . a beat . Edward step back into frame , look at the sorority house . edward ( v.o. ) the truth be , I have always be a fool . we circle as he shout : edward Sandra templeton ! I love you ! and I be go to marry you ! int . sorority house foyer - day Sandra and she sister peer out through the curtain . be this guy crazy ? int . lecture hall - day the tweedy economics professor continue he explanation . Sandra be not pay a lot of attention . he switch on the overhead projector without look at it . there 's a titter from the student , but he do not notice . a classmate nudge Sandra , who look up . written on the projector be " I Love Sandra templeton . " she 's horrify and excited at the same time . the professor finally notice what 's write there . ext . quad - day walk with she book , Sandra shake she head , disbely . we look up to the blue sky , where a giant sky - write heart float in the wind . int . sandra's bedroom - [ the next ] morning at she sister ' prompt , a just - wake Sandra look out the second -story window to find the lawn fill with ten thousand daffodils . Edward stand amid the sea of flower . he 's wait there six hour . ext . sorority house - day Sandra walk out to he . she 's smile , confuse , joyful and scared . all down Greek Street , student be come out to see the display . sandra daffodil ? edward they be you favorite flower . sandra how do you get so many ? edward I call everywhere in five state and explain this be the only way I could get my wife to marry I . out of nowhere , a tear drop down Sandra 's cheek . she wipe it off . sandra you do not even know I . edward I have the rest of my life to find out . from down the street ... a man' voice Sandra ! sandra it 's Don . promise I you will not hurt he . edward if that 's what you want , I swear to it . the adult don price arrive . he 's 230 pound of football - play , skynyrd -love , fraternity - proud muscle . and he 's piss . a gang of he brother walk behind he . don price Bloom ! edward don. don price what the hell be you do ? this be my girl . mine ! edward I do not know she belong to anybody . Don price deck he , knock he down . Edward get right back up , but make no move to defend himself . unfaze , Don slug he again . sandra stop it ! don price ( ignore ) what the matter , Bloom ? too scared to fight back ? edward I promise I would not . a beat . Don shrug , fine . then proceed to kick Edward 's ass nine way to Sunday . edward ( v.o. ) while I take the beat of a lifetime , it be Don price who be ultimately defeat . as the ass -whupping continue , we intercut with : int . fraternity house bathroom - day [ flashforward ] sitting on the can , Don price pinch a loaf while read the new playboy . edward ( v.o. ) all the physical activity have worsen a congenital valve defect . put simply , he heart be not strong enough . Don price squeeze down hard , try to shit the unshittable . suddenly , he grasp he chest and collapse face - first on the tile . match CUT to : ext . witch house / gate - night [ flashback ] the same image of Don 's dead face on the tile be reflect in the Eye . returning back to : ext . the sorority house - day the thrashing continue . Edward somehow fight he way back to he foot , ready to be knock down again . sandra Don ! Don be about to slug Edward again when he turn . Sandra pull off she engagement ring . there 's a audible ahh ! from she sister , and a ohh ! from Don 's brother . sandra I will never marry you . a beat . Don stand stunne , he mind reeling . Edward , whose eye be swollen almost shut , keep wait for the next punch . where be it ? what 's go on ? don price what . you love this guy ? sandra he 's almost a stranger and I prefer he to you . she hand he the ring . another beat , then Don storm off . but not before decking Edward one last time . Sandra lean over Edward 's break body . his head lie on the daffodil . sandra how can I convince you to stop ? edward go out with I . he smile , he tooth bloody . sandra okay . as the crowd of student applaud and cheer , we crane up above the flower battlefield . edward ( v.o. ) as it turn out , Sandra be able to keep she same date at the chapel . only the groom have change . as the music reach a crescendo , we suddenly ... CUT to : int . guest room - night [ present ] josephine I think you say you do not have a church wedding . edward well , we be all set to , but there be a complication . he reach for he glass of water , but josephine already have it for he . she watch he while he slowly drink the entire glass , thirstier than he imagine . while he 's drink , we ... CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night [ continuous ] will , back from the grocery store , reach the top of the stair . he hear voice come from the bedroom . josephine ( o.s. ) be it the medicine that 's make you thirsty ? edward ( o.s. ) Truth be , I have be thirsty my whole life . never really know why . will quietly approach the door , not exactly sneaking , but not exactly announce he presence . the door be open a few inch , let he look in on he father and he wife . intercut hallway / bedroom edward there be one time when I be eleven ... josephine ( gently ) you be talk about you wedding . edward I do not forget . I be just work on a tangent . see , most man , they will tell a story straight through , and it will not be complicated , but it will not be interesting either . josephine I like you storey . edward and I like you . he do not let the moment linger with undue sentimentality . there 's a story to be tell . edward now . the thing about work for a circus be you do not have a regular address , and after three year I have a lot of undeliver mail . in the hallway , will shift to a new position , let himself listen to the story one more time . edward during the four week I be in the hospital , the postmaster finally catch up with I . int . hospital - day bruise and bandage , Edward sort through a big bag of mail with help from Sandra . he rip open a official - look letter . reading it , he face drop . flute and drum , music rise to a military cadence . edward ( v.o. ) it turn out that while my heart belong to Sandra , the rest of my body belong to the U.S. government . int . army airplane - night with a buzz cut and paratrooper gear , Edward squat with a dozen other soldier . the noise of the engine be deafen , but Edward be engross in a asian phrasebook . edward ( v.o. ) a hitch in the Army be up to three year at that point , and have wait three year just to meet Sandra , I know I could not survive be away from she that long . so I take every hazardous assignment I could find , with the hope of get my time down to less than a year . the jump leader yell ... jump leader go ! go ! go ! one by one the man jump out , they chute clipped to a main line . when he time come , Edward leap ... ... but he 's stick . his cord be catch up in the assembly . he twist and struggle , try to free himself . look down , he can see the white parachute disappear into the darkness . they be already long go . digging a knife out of he pocket , Edward get to work cut through the cable . it finally pop . Edward jump from the plane . ext . outside stage - night a thousand chinese soldier sit , bored , watch the equivalent of a u.s.o. show . a chinese ventriloquist be on stage with he Communist puppet . we have no idea what they be say to each other , but every act be fundamentally the same . the emcee come on to usher he off the stage before he 's finish . the ventriloquist protest , but finally give in . the emcee make a " shoot he in the neck " motion to one of the armed guard off-stage . ext . high above the stage - night we look down with Edward , who be drift right for the stage . he can not steer . he 's helpless . but then , a blast of firework from the side of the stage . the light go out as a drum roll begin . it 's just enough cover for Edward to remain unseen . he land with a clang on the lighting catwalk above the stage . he barely grab on , disconnect he chute just as the curtain go up . Edward look out at the sea of excited soldier . every one of they would kill he . he 's the legless cricket leave on the anthill . ext . on stage the curtain rise to reveal ping ( 27 ) at a microphone . she 's as gorgeous a woman as you will ever see . she stand with she hip turn in profile . her body be a knockout , dress cut to reveal skin . the soldier be on they foot , whistling and hollering . up on the catwalk , Edward be surprised by a enemy soldier . the two man begin to scuffle . music start , a vampy torch song . ping sing melody while a off-stage voice carry perfect harmony . ping sometimes a girl can feel so alone without a lover to call she own . sometimes it 's so bad , she want to explode . want to grab the first man she see and tear off he clothes . a roar from the soldier . she know what they want . still fight , Edward jump for a pole on the far side of the catwalk , slide down it to end up backstage . his determine opponent follow he down . ping ( cont 'd ) but she will not . no , she can not . she need a special special different unusual man . because that girl , who look like I , she have want , but she have need . ping ( speak ) any of you get need ? the soldier roar louder , stomping on the bleacher . backstage , the two man be still fight . ping ( chorus ) I have have twice the adventure , cried double the tear . two time the bad time in half the year . I need a strong man , because I have get twice the love to give . for the first time , ping turn , and now we see why she be stand in profile . ping be one- half of siamese twins . her identical twin be jing , who 's be sing harmony all this time . they be two separate woman who join at the waist , one set of perfect leg beneath they . Edward see the twin from behind , do a double-take . it cost he a punch to the jaw . ping say hello , jing . jing hello jing . ping ( to the crowd ) I be ping . she 's jing . she 's the good one . ( closer ) I be the bad one . as the music build towards the climax , Edward finish the fight , knock the guard out with a right hook . as ping and jing reach the last chorus , they strike a final pose in the shape of a heart , they arm form the arch , they back form the curve . Edward slip behind curtain , try to get away . the soldier be shout for a encore , lighter wave . the curtain slowly lower , revealing edward parachute . the applause die , replace by a concerned rumble . the emcee yell for the Guards to search . on stage ping have no idea what 's happen . jing reach into she cleavage to pull out she eyeglass . int . dressing room - night as armed guard search the hall below the stage , ping and jing shut the door to they dress room . at the closet , they start to change outfit . off-stage , they personality become quite apparent : ping be brash , bitchy and ambitious , while jing be quiet , sweet and bookish . in chinese , subtitle ... ping how could you miss you cue ? you make I look like a fool , out there alone . jing you be not alone . ping huff , turn she back on she sister . jing reach deeper into the closet to find a new dress , expose Edward 's hide place . she gasp . ping turn to look . ping who the hell be you ? edward ( in chinese ) I be not go to hurt you . ping damn right you be not . ( yell ) guard ! jing grab she , a hand over she mouth , but it 's too late . a rifle-toting guard look in . pretend to be she bitchy sister -- jing tell you man not to bother we ! and lock that door ! the guard obey . ping shake she sister off . desperately flipping through he asian phrasebook , he find ... edward please , I need you help . ping what make you think we will help you ? Edward pull a photo out of he flak jacket . it 's Sandra . crossfade to : various shot edward ( v.o. ) over the next hour , I describe my love for Sandra Kay templeton , and the ordeal that bring I before they . as it have always be , this love be my salvation . it be destine to be . hear the story , jing wipe away a tear . even ping be a little affect . edward ( v.o. ) we put together a elaborate plan for escape , involve a whaling ship to Russia , a barge to Cuba and a small , dirty canoe to Miami . we all know it would be dangerous . still subtitle : ping and what be we suppose to do when we get to America ? edward I can get you booking . I know the biggest man in show business . jing Bob hope ? edward bigger . transition to : ext . templeton family house - day Sandra check the mail , hope for a letter from Edward . edward ( v.o. ) and so the twin and I begin we arduous journey halfway around the world . unfortunately , there be no way to send a message back to America . a black car pull up . two army officer get out . edward ( v.o. ) and so it be no surprise that the Army believe I be dead . hear the news , Sandra cry out . the pain of she shout make church bell ring . ext . behind the templeton house - day Sandra hang sheet to dry on the clothesline , form a tunnel of fabric . edward ( v.o. ) after four month , Sandra have get over the worst of the nightmare . when the phone ring , she do not think it be somehow I call she . when a car drive past , she do not get up to check out the window . pull a dress out of the basket , Sandra look up to see a man' silhouette on the sheet in front of she . she freeze , watch the shadow ripple across the white fabric , blow so softly in the breeze . she know it can not be he . he 's dead . she turn away . with all the strength she can gather , she hang up that dress and dig another one out of the basket . look up , she see not a shadow but Edward himself stand before she . she gasp , disbely , but he hand be real . it be destiny . without another moment 's hesitation , she kiss he . crossfade to : bright sunlight filter through soft sheet . we be under the cover , where a man 's hand trace the curve of a woman 's bare back . a beat , then she turn over in bed , revealing she to be josephine . she blink slowly , just waking up . will be watch she . he 's be up for a while . we be actually ... int . will and josephine's room - day ... where the couple stay cocoon under the sheet , a kind of limbo . a kiss good morning . leg entangle . neither want to get up . josephine I talk with you father last night . will do you ? a look to say , should I be worried ? josephine you never tell I how you parent meet . will they meet at auburn . josephine what about the detail ? how they fall in love . the Circus . the War . you never tell I any of that . will that 's because most of it never happen . josephine but it 's romantic . a beat . will ( non-committal ) mmm . josephine mmm , what ? will mmm , what . I know better than to argue romance with a french woman . he move he head out from under the sheet . she follow he to the " outside . " josephine do you love you father ? will everyone love my father . he 's a very likeable guy . josephine ( repeat ) do you love he ? will do not want to answer yes or no . will you have to understand . when I be grow up , he be go more than he be here . and I start think -- maybe he have a second life somewhere else . with another house , another family . he leave we , he go to they . or maybe there be no family . maybe he never want a family . but whatever it be , maybe he like that second life better . and the reason he tell all that storey be because he can not stand this boring place . josephine but it 's not true . will what be " true ? " I have never hear my father say a single true thing . off she silence ... will look , I know why you like he . I know why everyone like he . but I need you to tell I I be not crazy . josephine you be not . will I need you on my side . josephine I be always on you side . and I think you should talk to he . int . guest room - day the family finish eat breakfast off tv trays set up around the bed . for he part , Edward be look better . certainly not recover , but there 's a optimism to he expression . and for the first time , he 's actually hungry . he watch as Sandra put the cap back on the syrup . edward do I ever tell you about how ... will ( interrupt ) yes . Edward be startle . will the maple tree and the buick . we hear it . edward ( be : josephine ) I think someone have not . josephine the tree fall on the car , spilling the syrup , which attract the fly , which get stick to it and fly off with the whole car . a beat . edward ( undeterred ) but the real story be how I get the car . you see ... will ( interrupt ) dad ? edward Son ? will can we talk ? Sandra snap the cap back on the syrup . sandra I be go to get start on dish . josephine I will help you . both woman quickly gather plate . will and Edward both smile . the woman clearly want this to happen . it settles for a beat after they leave . will do you know much about iceberg , dad ? edward do I ? I see a iceberg once . they be haul it down to Texas for drink water , only they do not count on a elephant be freeze inside . the woolly kind . a mammoth . will ( interrupt ) dad ! edward what ? will I be try to make a metaphor here . edward then you should not have start with a question . because people want to answer question . you should have start with , " the thing about iceberg be ... " will ( frustrated ) the thing about iceberg be you only see 10 percent of they . the other 90 percent be below the water where you can not see it . and that 's what it be with you dad . I be only see this little bit that stick above the water . edward ( joke ) what , you be see down to my nose ? my chin ? will I have no idea who you be because you have never tell I a single fact . edward I have tell you a thousand fact . that 's all I do , will . I tell storey . will you tell lie , dad . you tell amusing lie . story be what you tell a five - year old at bedtime . they be not elaborate mythology you maintain when you son be ten and fifteen and twenty and thirty . and the thing be , I believe you . I believe you storey so much longer than I should have . and then when I realize that everything you say be impossible -- everything ! -- I feel like such a fool to have trust you . you be like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny combine . just as charming and just as fake . edward you think I be fake . will only on the surface . but that 's all I have ever see . Edward look away , angry and disbely . will dad , I be about to have a kid of my own here . it would kill I if he go through he whole life never understanding I . edward it would kill you , huh ? finally -- edward what do you want , will ? who do you want I to be ? will yourself . good , bad , everything . just show I who you be for once . edward I have be nothing but myself since the day I be bear . and if you can not see that , it 's you fail , not mine . ext . backyard - day with a skimmer pole , will clean the leave and debris out of the pool , but it 's a fool 's errand . the pool have long since go native , a shiny slick of alga on the surface , slime cover the cement rock . suddenly , a underwater shape ripples against the water 's surface . will be so startle that he drop the pole , which disappear into the murky water . a beat . he look around , relieved that no one see that . he casually walk away . int . basement storage area - day the door open to reveal Sandra , will and josephine , stare into the mouth of oblivion . the storeroom be a museum of hasty decision and half - finish project : partially build outboard motor , dead bonsai tree , frankensteinian lawnmower . we also find box of product Edward use to sell . clear a path , Sandra lead will to a roll - top desk , its rib cover in dust . two beat metal file cabinet sit beside it . sandra you father decide he need to have a office , and it would not do to have it in the house . you will know better than I what 's important . with some effort , will force up the desktop . with a hiss , a neighbor 's cat make a run for it . will 's get use to be startle . int . basement storage area - day [ later ] will , Sandra and josephine have work through two trash bag of papers to throw out . look through a new file , Sandra make a small sound . a memory . will what be it ? Sandra hand will a yellow telegram . he share it with josephine . sandra it be during the war . you father go miss . they think he be dead . will can not believe what he 's read . will that really happen ? sandra not everything you father say be a complete fabrication . a beat , then Sandra stand . sandra I be go to check on he . josephine I need to lie down for a bit . will go. josephine kiss he , then follow Sandra . will re-read the telegram , still bewilder . look for a place to put it , he tuck it into a strange mechanical hand on the desk . it clamp down automatically . will smile , a memory . he have not think about this device in year . we slowly push in on the telegram , hold in the hand . Edward 's voice begin as a memory ... edward ( v.o. ) after the war , the son of Alabama return home , look for work . each have a advantage over I . they be alive , while I be -- officially -- decease . int . downtown office - day [ story ] Edward shake hand with he new boss , a toupeed man . the company be call " confederate product . " the office lady all love Edward . edward ( v.o. ) with my prospect few , I take a job as a travel salesman . it suite I . if there 's one thing you can say about Edward Bloom , it 's that I be a social person . ext . county fair - day [ story ] on a low platform , Edward pitch a brilliant new product to the crowd . edward I have travel from Tennessee to timbuktu , and if there 's one thing people have in common , be we could all use a hand around the house . Edward set down a contraption , which look something like a metal lava lamp . like a flower , it unfold to reveal five finger and a thumb . this be the Hand around the House . ( tm ) edward why , with this product you can ... quick montage as he demonstrate : edward open a jar . open a letter . scratch yourself while wear mitten . hold a book . hold a baby . hold the dog away from kitten . it 's strong enough , you can do a handstand with no hand at all . indeed , a remarkably agile Edward be able to support he entire weight on it . the crowd applaud . edward you can use it to point out important information . or danger . or beautiful woman . the hand point a finger at a heavyset man in overall . edward we be still work on that one . the crowd laugh . ext . a country road - day Edward drive , he hand out in the wind . edward ( v.o. ) soon I add other product , and other city , until my territory stretch from the coast to western Texas . ext . trailer park - day Edward kiss he pregnant wife goodbye , as much in love as ever . edward ( v.o. ) I could be go for week at a time . but every other Friday , I would put all the money I would make into a account set aside for a proper house with a white picket fence . ext . horizon saving &amp ; loan - day establish this Texas institution , we come ... int . horizon saving &amp ; loan - day the bank be busy with the lunch -hour crowd . take he place in line , Edward fill out a deposit slip . as the line snake around through the rope , the man in front of he get a look at Edward . the man Edward ? Edward Bloom ? the man be none other than ... norther winslow it 's I . norther winslow . edward ( v.o. ) I be astonished to see the great poet of both ashton and spectre all the way out in Texas . the man shake , disbely this lucky coincidence . edward I do not believe it ! norther winslow I want you to know , when you leave spectre it open my eye . there be a whole life out there that I be not live . so I travel . I see France , and Africa , half of South America . every day a new adventure , that 's my motto . edward that 's great , norther . I be happy for you . I can not believe I help . he 's genuinely proud . edward so what be you up to now ? norther winslow I be robbing this place . reaching the front of the line , norther pull two pistol out of he coat , firing both into the ceiling . scream all around . the skinny security guard make a halfheart reach for he gun , but norther wave he off . the guard take out he gun and slide it over . norther winslow ( to Edward ) would you mind grab that ? there 's nothing threaten about he delivery -- he might as well be ask for a budweiser . still , Edward sense it would be best to do as he say . he take the guard 's gun . norther winslow ( to the crowd ) now , I want all of you to lie down . I be gonna be clean out the cash drawer , and my associate here be go to handle the vault . ( point to a teller woman ) you help my friend , okay ? the teller woman nod . angle on Edward , not sure what to do . he have a gun , but he truly do not want to shoot norther . the teller woman be already wave he to the back . he decide he better go . int . at the vault - day the teller woman be cry as she work the combination . Edward feel horrible . edward look , I be really sorry . I just do not want anybody to get hurt . teller woman it 's not that , it 's just ... she pull open the vault door . int . the vault - day the inner sanctum of the Horizon saving and loan hold exactly one fold chair . nothing else . teller woman ... there 's no money . we be completely bankrupt . edward ( v.o. ) it turn out the savings and loan have already be rob -- not by armed bandit , but by speculator in Texas real estate . teller woman ( dead serious ) you gotta promise you will not tell anybody . CUT to : int . edward be car - day Edward drive the getaway car , though truthfully they be go just a little over the speed limit . no one 's follow they . it 's a empty country road for mile . norther hollers with body - tingling joy as he count the money . norther winslow sixty . eighty . four hundred dollar ! not bad for just the drawer . let 's see what you get from the vault . Edward wince , but do not say anything yet . digging through the vault bag , norther be surprised to find only a single deposit envelope . he rip it open , revealing just a little cash inside . even some dime and penny . norther winslow this be it ? the whole vault . edward ' fraid so . norther winslow Edward , it 's get you deposit slip on it . caught , Edward have to confess ... edward look , I just do not want you to go empty-hand . there 's something you should know , norther . you see , the reason why ... Edward continue he narration ... edward ( v.o. ) I tell norther about the vagary of Texas oil money and its effect on real estate price , and how lax enforcement of fiduciary process have make savings and loan particularly vulnerable . hear this news , norther be leave with one conclusion : ext . TEXAS road - day norther lean in the driver 's side window . norther winslow I should go to Wall Street . that 's where all the money be . Edward look over at norther , the reality sink in . edward ( v.o. ) I know then that while my day as a criminal be over , norther 's be just beginning . the two man wave at each other as Edward drive off . at the last moment , norther call out : norther winslow Edward , thank you for the hand ! he 's talk about he Hand around the House . we hold on norther for a beat , dream of he future . edward ( v.o. ) when norther make he first million dollar , he send I a check for ten thousand . I protest , but he say it be my fee as he career advisor . ext . bloom house [ mid / late ' 7u' ] - day Sandra be water the garden . will ( 5 ) run past she to greet Edward , just return from another trip . edward ( v.o. ) ten thousand dollar be no fortune to most man . but it be enough to buy my wife a proper house with a white picket fence . we reveal the Bloom house , the nicest one in the neighborhood . Edward kiss he wife . edward ( v.o. ) and for that , it be all the rich a man could ever want . Sandra drop the hose , let it run on the lawn . transition to : int . bloom house bathroom - day [ present ] close on Edward 's hand as he turn knob . close on water splashing into the claw - foot bathtub , which begin to fill . still wear he pajamas , Edward climb into the tub . carefully lower himself . as the water reach the third button up on he pajama shirt , Edward suddenly slide underwater . bubbles rise from he nose for a few beat , then stop . it 's quiet , except for the distant splashing of water from the spigot . Edward 's eye be close . a long beat . another . then the splashing water go silent . Edward open one eye . the other eye . he sit up to find sandra sit on the edge of the tub . she do not seem particularly worried -- she husband have always do this . edward I be drying out . sandra I see . we need to get you one of that plant mister . we can spray you like a fern . he smile , then pull he knee up , make room for she in the tub . a beat while she consider . Sandra step out of she sandal and climb into the tub , face he . her dress be soak , but she do not mind . he lean forward and kiss she . when they separate , she have tear hang in she eye . edward come now . he wipe they away . sandra I do not think I will ever dry out . int . basement storage area - day perched awkwardly on a canoe , will 's make it through another file cabinet . he go through the folder page by page , but usually end up toss the whole thing in the trash . he 's about to toss a file when he stop . take another look . something do not make sense . int . bloom house / stair - day will be head upstairs when he mother come around the corner with a armful of laundry , include she wet dress . will be he awake ? sandra he just fall asleep . josephine 's with he . she pass he . he turn . will Mom ? sandra yes ? will quickly debate whether or not to ask she ... will do you and dad have any other property ? sandra ( think ) I suppose you grandmother 's house when she pass on . but we sell that right away . you cousin shirley buy it . will so you never buy any land . sandra heavens no . we have a hard enough time keep the mortgage on this place . will nod , just curious . he continue head up . int . will and josephine's room - day will change he shirt . take he key off the nightstand . ext . county road - day will 's rental car drive past a sign read , " ashton , 10 mile . " int . will be car - day / drive will check the address on one of he father 's file . ext . ashton gas - day will talk to the attendant , who point he in a direction , then gesture a series of leave , right , leave , rights . ext . road - day will drive down a road that seem somewhat familiar . and then we realize why : a roadsign read " welcome to spectre ! " ext . a lone house - day sitting at the edge of a swamp , the little two -story feel lonely , set deep in its lot . dapple of light break through the tree , a light breeze sway the branch . as will walk from the car , the whirr of cicadas grow . he check the number : 33 . this be the house . it be surround by a white square - picket fence , identical to he mother 's . will notice this . reaching the porch , we hear a piano play inside . badly . re-check the number on a form he 's carry , will knock . the piano stop . woman' voice ( o.s. ) go back to the start . right hand only . the piano start again . footstep . the door open to reveal a blonde woman in she 50' -- the woman from the grocery store . her name be Jenny Hill . she and will be startle to see each other . jenny oh. oh. will hello . jenny I be not expect you . confused , will check the name on the form . will be you Jenny Hill ? jenny I be . and you be will . I have see you picture , that 's how I recognize you . I almost say something at the store , but it would have be awkward . ( a beat ) like this . the piano student , a black boy of eight , have stop . he 's watch the conversation at the door . speak of awkward ... jenny ( to the student ) listen , Kenny . why do not we skip the lesson today ? we can go again next week . she hand he five dollar out of she pocket . student do I have to give it back to my Mom ? jenny I will not tell she if you will not . you do not have to tell he twice . he 's out the door in a flash . int . jenny' kitchen - day while will sip he iced tea , Jenny flip through a form she never expect to see again . she hand it back to will . will how do you know my father ? jenny this be on he sale route , so he be through here all the time . everyone in town know he . a beat . not flinching ... will be you and my father have a affair ? jenny ( take aback ) wow . wow , you just say it . I be expect to dance around this for another half hour . will I have see he with woman . he flirt . he always have . on some level , I presume he be cheating on my mother . I just never have proof . she move , try to get out of the corner he 's box she into . once she 's finally free ... jenny can I ask you a question ? why do you come here today ? if you find this deed , why do not you just ask Eddie ? will because he 's die . a long beat . Jenny be take back by the suddenness of it . she 's a tangle of conflict emotion . jenny look , I do not know how much you want to know about any of this . you have one image of you father and it would be wrong for I to go and change it . especially this late in the game . will my father talk about a lot of thing he never do , and I be sure he do a lot of thing he never talk about . I be just try to reconcile the two . Fair enough . Jenny take a seat across from he at the table . jenny the first thing you have to understand , be that you father never mean to end up here . and yet he do , twice . the first time , he be early . the second time , he be late . int . edward be car / drive - night it 's late , and Edward be pensive . jenny ( v.o. ) that day , you father be work for himself . if there be one thing you could say about Edward Bloom , it 's that he be a social person , and people take a like to he . one night he be return from three week on the road , when he hit a thunderstorm unlike any in he life . the first raindrop hit the windshield . Edward turn on the wiper . int . edward be car - night - [ the STORM ] suddenly , a deluge descend . it 's not even rain anymore -- there 's no space between the drop . it 's like be catch in a waterfall . it 's that loud . no choice , Edward stop the car . put on the handbrake . just as suddenly , the sound change -- no longer pound , but softly splashing . the world be close and echoing , because -- ext . edward be car - night -- the car be underwater . the tire be still on the road , but where there use to be air be water . Three catfish swim in front of he headlight . int . the car - night realizing he plight , Edward try to remain calm . Water be trickle in through the crack between the window and the door , but very slowly . for now , he 's fine . that 's when he see she -- the girl in the River . she 's swim outside the car . while we never see she face exactly , she remain just as beautiful , just as mysterious , as the first time we see she . she put she hand to the windshield . he put he up to meet hers . and smile . flash CUT to : ext . field by dirt road - day it 's morning , and the sun shine brightly . bird chirp . tree drip and the grass shine , still wet from last night 's rain . Edward gather the clothes that have spill out of he suitcase , which break open when he drop it from he car , which balance precariously ten foot up in a elm tree . as Edward gather he last pair of sock , he notice a shiny piece of metal stick out of the dirt . he pull it out , rub it off . it 's a key . it 's the Key to the City he lose year ago . jenny ( v.o. ) fate have a way of circle back on a man , and take he by surprise . ext . road - day carry he bust suitcase , a tired Edward walk toward a one -street town in the distance . we pass a rusty sign ... " welcome to spectre . " ext . MAIN STREET - day amaze and disbely , Edward walk down the center of the road , no car come from either direction . he look up to find he fade shoe still dangle from the power line , along with the rest of the town 's . jenny ( v.o. ) a man see thing differently at different time in he life . this town do not seem the same now that he be older . ext . town of spectre - various shot we look around the town , on and off Main Street . there be " for sale " sign in many of the window jenny ( v.o. ) a new road have bring the outside world to spectre , and with it , bank , lien and debt . almost everywhere you look , people be bankrupt . ext . spectre - day we slowly move through a foreclosure auction to find Edward watch . two very corporate men in suit , stick out among the bidder . jenny ( v.o. ) two different corporation be look at buy the town , if they could get the price low enough . one want to open a chicken processing plant . the other , a municipal dump . either way , spectre would be destroy . Edward raise he hand . edward fifty-thousand ! everyone turn to look at this new bidder . jenny ( v.o. ) and so Edward Bloom decide to buy the town , in order to save it . int . norther winslow's manhattan - day Edward pitch he plan to norther . jenny ( v.o. ) he be never a wealthy man , but he have make other man rich , and now he ask for they favor . int . / ext . various location - day various shot : expressive and passionate as always , Edward talk to ping , jing and amo calloway . jenny ( v.o. ) most of they have never see spectre -- they only have Edward 's word to describe it . that 's all they need . he sell they on the dream . jing you can structure it as a historical trust . but you will need every contiguous piece of property . it 's all or nothing . as Edward take note ... jenny ( v.o. ) so first he buy the farm . then he buy the house . then he buy the store . int . al' country - day finish up with al , Edward shake hand . jenny ( v.o. ) whatever he buy , the people be not ask to leave or pay rent or anything . they be just ask to keep do as they be do . in that way , he could make sure the town would never die . ext . road in the swamp - day Edward climb out of he car , the road have literally stop . the sun be shine , but it can barely penetrate the tree ' thick canopy . jenny ( v.o. ) within six month , he trust have purchase the entire town . with one exception . in the distance , he see a shack , so old it 's nearly fall . he walk toward it , the marshy ground squishing up around he foot , soaking the hem of he trousers . we hear a piano play from inside the shack . Edward knock on the half -hung door , which swing open by itself . int . shack - day the inside be nicer than you would think , a real home . a fire burn in the stove , and curtain hang in the window . with she back turn to he , Jenny Hill play the piano . Edward do not recognize she as the little girl who use to have a crush on he . without turn , she say ... jenny you must be Edward Bloom . edward how do you know ? she keep playing . jenny no one would come out here unless they have business . and no one would have business with I except for you . you be buy the town . edward apparently I have overlook this one piece of it , and I would like to remedy that . you see , in order for the town to be preserve , the trust must own it in its entirety . jenny so I have hear . edward I will offer you more than it 's worth . and you know you will not have to move . nothing will change except the name on the deed , you have my word . Jenny stop play , she piece not quite finish . she turn to face he . Edward still do not recognize she . jenny now let I get this straight . you will buy the swamp from I , but I will stay in it . you will own the house , but it will still be mine . I will be here , and you will come and go as you please to one place or another . do I have that right ? strange to hear it put that way , but -- edward in so many word , yes . jenny then I do not think so Mr. Bloom . if nothing be go to change , I would just as soon it not change in the way it have not be change all this time . edward it 's not like you be go to lose anything . you can ask anyone in town . I have be nothing if not generous . I want the best for everyone . a long beat . jenny Mr. Bloom , why be you buy this land ? some sort of midlife crisis ? instead of buy a convertible , you buy a town ? he look at she , puzzle and surprised . no one have really ask before . edward helping people make I happy . jenny I be not convinced you should be happy . edward I be sorry . have I offended you ? she finally turn to face he . jenny no , you do exactly what you promise . you come back . I be just expect you sooner . flashback to : ext . spectre - night Young Jenny Hill watch barefoot Edward leave spectre for the first time . back to : int . shack - day finally realize who this woman be ... edward you be beam 's daughter . you last name be different . ( realize ) you marry . jenny I be 18 . he be 28 . turn out that be a big difference . before he can say anything more ... jenny I will not be sell you this house , Mr. Bloom . edward I see . I thank you for you time . a bit bewilder , Edward tip he hat to she as he leave . ext / int . swamp shack - day Edward pull the door shut behind he as he leave , but it break off in he hand . it 's not the clean exit he be hope for . Inside Jenny look out , surprised and annoyed . Edward try to lift the door back on the hinge , but they SNAP off . the door frame buckle and the whole shack creak . edward I be sorry . he try to lean the door against the frame , but it keep slip . jenny it 's okay , just leave it . edward I can get it . I can just ... he lean the door a different way . it hold for a beat then fall in , smashing a small table . edward Lord , I be sorry I ... jenny please . go. just go . edward I will ... jenny go. she 's dead serious . weigh the scale of chivalry , he finally back away . turn and head back towards he car . we stay on Jenny , watch he go . she 's furious , but there 's something more in she feeling for he . something softer . jenny ( v.o. ) most man in that situation would accept they failure and move on . but Edward be not like most man . ext . swamp shack road - another day with Karl the giant 's help , Edward unload a brand new door from a pickup truck . ext . shack - day while Jenny watch , half - annoyed , half -amuse , Edward try to set the door square . Karl push against the side of the house until it fit . int . shack - another day holding nail between he lip , Edward put in new window himself . Jenny be make soup , laugh at the story he 's tell . jenny ( v.o. ) as the month pass , he find more and more thing to fix , until the shack no longer resemble itself . ext . swamp - another day Edward and Karl cut down a tree , let in a flood of light . through the golden pollen hang in the air , we rise up to see the shack be now the lovely house we see before . it 's tiny and white , with black shutter and a steep roof . a white picket fence . in every detail it be impossibly charming . int . jenny' house - day Edward be screwing a hat rack into the wall in the foyer . Jenny lean against the doorframe listen to he story . and watch he with deep affection . edward of course , the best part be create new material . by the time the twin and I get to Havana , we have a whole new routine work out for they , with just a ukulele and a harmonica . finish with he work , he take he hat off the chair and hang it on the rack . perfect . a beat . a look between they . with that last job do , there 's no reason for he to be stay any longer . edward I suppose I should ... he take he hat off the rack . jenny you can leave it there . a beat . do she really mean it ? she come closer . Edward hold he ground . she take he hand , lift he hat up to the peg . she 's very close -- just a half - inch from kissing he when -- -- Edward gently hold she back . edward no. she freeze , stunne and humiliate . she pull away . edward do not . do not be embarrassed . I should never have let you think that ... ( beat ) I be in love with my wife . jenny I know . edward and from the moment I see she until the moment I die , she 's the only one . jenny lucky girl . edward I be sorry , Jenny . I be . with that , he begin to leave . jenny wait ! Edward ! she find a pen and hastily sign the deed to the house . hand it to he . with a look , he thanks she . then go . ext . spectre - magic hour Edward take a final look at this perfect little town . jenny ( v.o. ) one day , Edward Bloom leave , and never return to the town he would save . he climb in he car and start the engine . ext . jenny hill be house - day to night as we watch , the swamp begin to overtake the house , swallow it in a tangle of vine and mossy branch . shoot burst up through the plank in the porch . snake slither through the marsh . Day become night . jenny ( v.o . ) as for the girl , the common belief be that she would become a witch , and crazy at that . she become something of a legend herself . we reverse to find four kide look in through the rusty iron gate with flashlight . a beat , then they run away . jenny ( v.o. ) and the story end where it begin . int . jenny hill be kitchen - present day will and Jenny be still sit at she table , a pitcher of iced tea between they . will logically , you could not be the witch , because she be old back when he be young . jenny no , it 's logical if you think like you father . see , to he , there 's only two woman : you mother and everyone else . will you do not become crazy . jenny well , therapy . and one day I realize I be in love with a man who could never love I back . I be live in a fairy tale . will smile to hear it call that . jenny people be not like they be in storey . they hurt each other without meaning to . they be kind and unbelievably cruel at the same moment . like I , now . I be not sure I should have tell you any of this . her composure be start to break . will no , I want to know . I be glad I know . a long beat , both stare at they iced tea . Jenny be work herself into more of a state by not talk . jenny I want to meet you for the longest time . I do . ( a smile ) I envied you so much . the way Eddie would talk about you when you be at Missouri , that award you win . congratulation , incidentally . and when you get the job at the a.p. , everything , he be so proud of you . I mean , that 's the thing . every moment he love you . she 's fight tear , not the first one she 's shed over this . jenny and as brightly as the sun would shine when he be with I , every time he leave it disappear . I want to be as important to he as you be , and I be never go to be . I be make - believe and he other life , you , be real . angle on will , sorting through he swirl thought . jenny you know that , do not you ? CUT to : int . will be car - day / drive will skip through the station on the radio , but ultimately turn it off . he 's try to think . ext . bloom house - dusk will walk up the front step . there 's a subtle change to he expression , a dark cloud lift . he unlock the door . int . bloom house foyer - dusk it 's half - dark and quiet in the house , no talk , no tv . will set he key on the table . int . kitchen - dusk will look in . empty . will ( call out ) hello ? Mom ? dad ? int . upstair hallway - dusk we follow will , look into he and josephine 's room . he aim for the guest room at the end of the hall . int . guest room - dusk look over he shoulder , we see he father 's bed be empty . the sheet be in a tangle on the floor . a beat , then will half - run back down the hall . back down the stair . int . foyer - dusk headed out , will grab he key off the table . we look right , where the " message " light blink on the answer machine . int . hospital entrance - night the hospital be so new , it 's not even finish -- thick plastic hang from expose frame . there 's no one at the information desk , so will forges ahead . int . hospital hallway - night will read a directory board , try to decide the best place to start . then , behind he -- josephine ( o.s. ) will ! he turn to see he wife at a payphone . she hang up . she be call he . will what happen ? josephine you father have a stroke . he 's upstairs with you mom and Dr. bennett . will be he go to be okay ? a beat . how can she answer ? he half - smile , realize the idiocy of he question . of course he father 's not go to be okay . will what I mean be , will he get back to the way he be when ... she cut he off -- josephine no . he will not . I be sorry . and like that , it 's do . we hold on will , reeling from the news . int . hospital room - night Edward sleep peacefully , just a oxygen tube under he nose . there be no beep monitor , no blink light . it 's mercifully quiet . Sandra squeeze will 's hand tightly . she 's hold herself together , but it 's be a tough day . Dr. bennett have just go through the detail for the third time . sandra I do not suppose one of we could stay with he . in case he ... ( beat ) in case he wake up , one of we should be there . will I will stay . why do not you go home with josephine and I will stay tonight . sandra ( to Dr. bennett ) that 's okay ? dr . bennett it 's fine . sandra ( to will ) you will call if ... will I will . I will call . a beat . will Mom , do you want some time with dad ? sandra yes . thank you . a nod , then will hold the door for Dr. bennett and josephine as they leave . Sandra be alone in the room with she husband . she neaten he hair . hold he hand . as she kiss he finger , she tweak she chin with they -- he signature move . transition to : int . hospital hallway - night Sandra wait outside the woman 's restroom . her face be a study in strain composure -- acknowledge the inevitable but refuse to surrender to it . josephine emerge . josephine I be sorry . it seem every hour I have to ... sandra I know . it be the same when I be carry will . like clockwork . the two woman start to walk , no hurry . sandra do you like it , be pregnant ? josephine I do . sandra I love it . it sound peculiar , but I love every minute of it . I do . Eddie be travel a lot , so he be go , but I feel like I always have a piece of he with I . a little part of he soul inside I . I could feel it . it be alive and kick . Sandra have accidentally evoke a storm of emotion . she struggle to keep it in check . almost a whisper ... sandra I really miss that . with a few breath , Sandra try to hold on . hold back . josephine do not stop . do not . a beat , then Sandra finally melt . josephine hold she . the two woman stand together in the hallway , let the moment be . int . hospital room - night will sit in a chair beside the bed , work through the crossword puzzle . a knock as Dr. bennett enter with he overcoat and bag , ready to leave for the night . dr . bennett glad to see you be not try to have a heartfelt talk . it 's one of my great annoyance , when people talk to that who can not hear they . will my father and I have a advantage . we never talk . Dr. bennett smile as he check Edward 's chart . will how long have you know my father ? dr . bennett thirty year . maybe more . will how would you describe he ? dr . bennett ( be : chart ) five -eleven . one-eighty . regulated hypertension . ( beat ) how would he son describe he ? tables turn , will search for a answer . he do not have one . Dr. bennett hang the chart back on the bed . dr . bennett do you father ever tell you about the day you be bear ? will a thousand time . he catch a uncatchable fish . dr . bennett not that one . the real story . do he ever tell you that ? will ( suddenly interested ) no. dr . bennett you mother come in about three in the afternoon . her neighbor drive she , on account of you father be on business in wichita . you be bear a week early , but there be no complication . it be a perfect delivery . now , you father be sorry to miss it , but it be not the custom for the man to be in the room for delivery then , so I can not see as it would have be much different have he be there . and that 's the real story of how you be bear . a long silence , just the sound of the hospital , doctor be page . dr . bennett not very exciting , be it ? and I suppose if I have to choose between the true version and a elaborate one involve a fish and a wedding ring , I might choose the fancy version . but that 's just I . will half -smile . pat will 's shoulder , Dr. bennett leave . we stay on will and he father for a long time , then will take he pen and start make a list . int . hospital room - various shot will flip to a new page . the list keep get longer . he smile , remember something . on he fourth page , he look up at he motionless father . a beat , then we slowly crossfade to : int . hospital room - pre-dawn it 's very early morning , and the first blue light of day be glow through the vertical blind . still in he chair , will wake up a bit at a time . the notepad be on he lap , the pen in he hand . he crack he neck , crooked from sleep on it wrong . what wake he up ? he look to he right . hold he gaze for a breath . will dad ? his father be awake , silently gasping for breath . his eye be open , scared and confuse . will dad ! do you want I to get a nurse ? Edward shake he head unambiguously . will already have he finger on the orange " nurse call " button , but do not push it . will what can I do ? can I help ? can I get you something ? Water ? Edward nod . will pour a glass from the pitcher on the nightstand . he hold it to he father 's lip , but Edward will not drink . he push it away . he want something else . edward ( whisper ) the river . will the river ? it take Edward all he strength to put together each think . it 's like he 's only half - there , fight to hang on to this world . edward tell I how it happen . will how what happen ? edward how I go . on will , realize ... will you mean what you see in the Eye ? Edward nod . yes , that 's what he be try to say . a long beat . will I do not know that story , dad . you never tell I that one . will push he finger under he father 's heavy hand , and hold it . there 's nothing else to do . Edward look around , confuse and increasingly scared . he see the end approach , but do not know exactly what 's come . without the story , he 's lose . Fighting the urge to panic -- will I can try , dad . if you help . just tell I how it start . edward like this . will okay . okay . will look around the room , increasingly desperate . he look to the nurse call button . he really want to press it . on edward , wait for will to begin . will okay . it 's morning , and you and I be in the hospital . I would fall asleep in the chair . I wake up and I see you , and ... CUT to : int . hospital room - day [ story version ] will dad ? it 's dawn , and the first golden glow be shine through the vertical blind . will ( louder and concerned ) dad ? we look over to find a nimble Edward sit up in bed , comb he hair . edward let 's get out of here . will ( v.o. ) somehow , you be better . different . you be get ready to go . and I say ... will dad , you be in no condition to ... but Edward throw back the cover . edward there 's a fold - up wheelchair in the bathroom . wrap a blanket around I . as soon as we get off this floor , we will be in the clear . will head for the bathroom . sure enough , the wheelchair be there . edward hurry ! we do not have much time . int . hospital hallway - day with the blanket drape over he head like a ghost , Edward point for he son to steer the wheelchair thataway . edward faster ! they pass a heavyset nurse , who turn to look . rounding a corner , they nearly crash into Dr. bennett . dr . bennett will ! I ... what be you do ? before he can answer , will spot Edward roll the chair himself , pump both arm . will dash to catch up with he . the heavyset nurse lean out of Edward 's hospital room . nurse Security ! stop they ! down the hall at the elevator , Sandra and josephine step out to find will and Edward barrel straight at they . edward no time to explain ! follow we ! see security guard head they way , a quick - think Sandra shove a nearby cart into they , bowl they down . int . elevator - day will brake hard , slide with both foot . the chair nearly crash into the back wall as the door close . ext . parking lot - day will race Edward down the row , finally reach the chevrolet . at the car will lift he father out of the chair . will ( v.o. ) I pick you up and you hardly weigh anything . I can not explain it . will set he in the passenger seat . edward Water . I need water . scramble in back , will find a liter of arrowhead . hand it off . Edward unscrew the cap , but instead of drink it , he douse himself . soak the blanket . will pop the trunk . start to fold up the wheelchair . edward leave it ! we will not need it . tire smoke as the car peal out . back to : int . hospital room - day [ reality ] tight on will , try to hold back tear as he talk . will and we have to take glenville to avoid all the church traffic , because that damn church people drive too slow . tight on Edward , enjoy that detail . he 's focus completely on will 's story . will I ask ... back to : ext . glenville blvd . - day [ story version ] the chevy slalom through the sunday-morning traffic . will ( o.s. ) where be we head ? will ( v.o. ) you say ... int . chevy - day edward the River ! will stop short , the traffic back up . he honk , try to get around the jam . but it 's no use . then , up ahead , the car start move , shove aside by massive hand . it 's Karl the giant , clear a path by brute force . Edward lean out the window and wave . Karl wave back . ext . ashton river - day the same stretch of the river where it all begin . a crowd of more than 100 wait . will ( v.o. ) as we get closer to the river , we see everybody 's already there . and I mean everybody . amo calloway be here with the circus folk , include Mr. soggybottom . we also find Edward 's mother and Father , the Mayor , and many other from along the way . no one have age a day since we see they last . while ping scan the horizon , jing nuzzle with she boyfriend , norther winslow . it 's ping who first spot the chevrolet . ping he 's here ! the crowd cheer . the ashton march band plays . Jenny Hill smile . so do the Old woman . we push in on the Old woman 's glass eye , where we see ... young edward reflect . this be what he see . int . the chevrolet - day amaze , will turn to he father . will it 's unbelievable . edward Story of my life . ext . riverside - day will get out of the chevrolet , overwhelm by the crowd . behind he , Sandra , josephine and Dr. bennett pull up . Karl come just after that . cross to the passenger side , will lift he father out . strangely , he 's get even lighter . will carry he easily . Edward pull off he shoe , tie the lace together . he hand they to josephine . she throw they up at the powerline . they loop over . applause and cheer . the crowd part to let will and Edward get to the river . as he pass , Edward shake some hand , pat some people on the cheek , and give other a good poke in the rib . will ( v.o. ) and the strange thing be , there 's not a sad face to be find . everyone 's just so glad to see you , and send you off right . will walk into the river , up to he knee . he turn back so he father can face the crowd . Edward wave . edward Goodbye everybody ! farewell ! adieu ! the crowd ( various ) Goodbye Edward ! / see ya ! / we will miss you ! but one face be miss from the crowd -- Sandra . will turn to see she 's already stand in the river beside they . the reflection of the light off the water give Sandra a unearthly glow . she 's more tranquil and more beautiful than we have ever see she . edward my girl in the river . she kiss he . he tweak she chin . the crowd hollers in approval , but they moment remain strangely private . only will be there to witness . as the kiss end , Edward try to pull off he wedding ring . but it 's stick . finally , he suck on it , pull it free with he tooth . a look to will , a smile with a glint of gold . will take the ring out of he mouth . Edward suddenly drop out of will 's arm with a splash . for he 's no longer a man , but rather a fat catfish swim at he foot . we watch as the catfish circle , then head for deeper water , disappear . will and he mother stand knee - deep in the water , watch Edward Bloom swim away into the sunlight . josephine be back on the shore , along with the entire crowd . music build to a climax , then ... down the river , a giant fish suddenly jump out of the water , cut a beautiful arc across the sunset . it then dive back under with a splash . crossfade back to : int . hospital room - day will have tear hang in the corner of he eye . will you become what you always be . a very big fish . ( he smile ) and that 's the way it happen . edward ( a whisper ) yes. exactly . Edward smile , proud of both of they . his eye be so pale and so open , we can almost see he soul . in every atom of he body , in every think , Edward Bloom be entirely happy . and this be how he go . int . hospital hallway - day will shut the door to he father 's room behind he . the walk to the payphone seem to take a lifetime . he find a quarter , start to dial . he have to squint to see through the water in he eye . it 's ringing . and ringing . the other end answer . will ( voice crack ) hi. that 's all he can get out before the dam break inside he . he press closer to the phone , try to shield himself . music begin that will carry we through the next passage . int . hospital reception - day will wait at reception as Sandra and josephine come off the elevator . int . guest room - day josephine open the curtain , let white sunlight in . she strip the bed . int . bedroom - day will and he mother pick out one of Edward 's tie , for will to wear at the funeral . will try to button the cuff on the shirt he borrow , but they be the kind that need link . he go through the top drawer of the dresser , try to find a match pair . further down , he find a ribbon tie to the key to the CITY . he smile , disbely . it 's a real thing . ext . cemetery / road - day will help he mother out of a black sedan . she 's well - compose , not nearly the wreck we might have expect . josephine hug Dr. bennett and shake hand with he wife . the service be crowded , more than 200 people , many more than expect . as he mother talk to a well - wisher , will look leave to see a oldsmobile parking . close on the license plate . Missouri . the passenger side open , but the man who step out be barely visible over the door . he shut it to reveal himself to be 70 . it 's amo calloway . will do not recognize he . the Driver climb out , a size 15 foot on the gravel . we tilt up to see this man be huge . this man be karl , now 55 . he 's not 12 foot tall , but at least six -eight . close on will , bewilder to see that this man really exist . ext . cemetery / graveside - day as the service get ready to begin , will guide he mother to a seat near the grave . sitting beside will , josephine spot a stun asian woman ( 50 ) behind they . a beat later , a identical face with glass peer out -- the woman 's twin sister . it 's ping and jing . josephine almost gasp . she elbow will , who turn to look . from this angle the sister seem conjoin , but then jing step forward . they be really two separate people . a sea of familiar face , all of they age through the year : beamen , norther winslow , the mayor , and zacky price . ext . cemetery - day [ later ] after the service , we see the crowd gather in small group . by the laughter and hand gesture , we can see they be tell storey . they be tell Edward 's storey . we find will watch they . will ( v.o. ) have you ever hear a joke so many time you have forget why it 's funny ? but then you hear it again and suddenly it 's new . you remember why you love it in the first place . will join in , laugh . we slowly circle behind a monument , let it black out the screen . transition to : ext . bloom house backyard - day [ summer ] will sit on the porch with Sandra and josephine , watch he son play in the pool with two neighbor kide . son ( to the other boy ) so he say he would fight the giant who be fifteen foot tall . kid no way . son ( call over ) dad , that 's right , be not it ? will something like that . son see . so he be a giant but my grampa be go to fight he because he be not afraid of anything because he would see how he be go to die in this old lady 's glass eye ... will smile as he son continue the tale , which fade . Sandra take will 's hand in hers , just listen . will ( v.o. ) that be my father 's final joke I guess . a man tell he storey so many time he become the storey . they live on after he . crossfade to : ext . river / underwater - day a fat and happy catfish swim towards we . will ( v.o. ) and in that way , he become immortal . the fish pass we with a splash . CUT to black . the end