bill & ted' excellent adventure by Chris matheson and Ed Solomon fifth draft July 30 , 1986 ' ob bill and ted' excellent adventure fade in : ext . desert - long shot - day a brilliant yellow sun beat down on a vast orangeish wasteland . as we begin a long , slow pan of the desert , the follow be supere onto the screen : " san dima , california " title fade , and be replace by : '' 2687 a.d . " then that title also fade . continue panning , and finally finish pan on : _a cluster of futuristic dome which shimmer in the distance . soon a distant solitary figure , dress all in black , silently stride into frame , dust kick up behind ‘hin . as the figure approach the large of the dome , we begin to move in , and we : cuT to : int . dome a magnificent , crystalline structure -- like a vast , futuristic cathedral . everything about this place imply grandeur , solemnity and importance . deep , metallic music echoe through the dome as -- two huge door open , and the figure enter . this be : rufus and he be the personification of everything that 'is , have be , or will be rock and roll . cool , cavalier , and cocky , he 's be dress very stylishly and wear ultra-hip sunglass . he step inside the hall , the two huge door shutting solidly behind he . he begin walk , he footstep echoing loudly . o he stop in the middle of the room and nod respectfully toward : the other end of the room where , for the first time , we see three figure , seat in mid-air , as if suspend invisibly . all have long hair and beard ( sort of like the member of ZZ top ) , wear white , sport dark sunglass , and slowly tap they foot in rhythm to the echoing , metallic music . this be the three most important people in the world . another angle rufus stand , patiently , as the leader regally return he nod and begin to speak , he voice resonate through the dome . leader it be time . rufus nod . the leader motion toward : the CENTER of the room : . where the ceiling begin to iris open , bright white light . pour through the widen chasm . soon the light be pierce by : a large , black obelisk which , barely visible through the brightness , begin to descend toward the floor . this spectacular explosion of light and music reach a tumultuous crescendo , then suddenly stop . the ceiling irise close . the leader look at the obelisk , then gesture with he hand and : the obelisk begin a rapid and magical transformation . when complete , the obelisk have take the form of a 1987 phone booth . Glass door , a telephone , the work . '' rufus and the figure stare reverently at the booth . after a moment , rufus flip down he shade and turn to the figure . rufus gentlemen . be excellent to each other . the figure nod gravely back at rufus . figure Party on , dude . rufus neds and enter -- the phone booth where he flip through the attach phone book and locate a number . as rufus lift the receiver , we see a small , two - pronge antenna rise out of the booth and begin to glow with a bluish light . then , with each number rufus dial , we see the blue light from the antenna move down the side of the booth , accompany by a corresponding chord of heavy metal music . finally , we hear a drum beat , and as -- the blue light connect with the ground , the floor beneath the booth suddenly open up with a whoosh and , in a brilliant flash of bright white light and raucous rock and roll ... int . dome «+. the booth disappear . the floor immediately close back up and the light in the dome return to normal . now , for the first time , we become aware of : two towering portrait which hang above the door on the far side of the dome , dominate the room . they be of two middle aged men with CD jong hair and black t-shirt . the three important people gaze at the portrait , solemn , concerned , and we : o fade to : darkness we hear the voice of we two sixteen - year- old heroes , bill and ted . . ted ( v.0 . ) ready , Bill ? bill ( v.0 . ) ready , Ted . ted ( v.0 . ) go for it , dude ... bill ( v.0 . ) one -- ted ( v.0 . ) two -- bill and ted ( v.0 . ) one two three four -- = and they plunge into a riff of upbeat " AIR guitar " -- the high -pitch falsetto squeal of voice imitate hard rock guitar lick ( sounding something like " nyow - nyow - nyow - nyow " ) . after a few beat , the soundtrack music kick in along with they , and we : fade up on : ext . school bus stop - day bill and ted jump into frame , land on the bus stop bench , and do a series of spasmodic AIR guitar riff . then , as they leap off the bench toward camera , we begin : a quick series of shot in which Bill and Ted do a brief , MTV - type AIR guitar mini - concert : they spin around on they back ; play they air-guitar with they tooth , foot , and ear ; trade '' solos " ; and oo finally , in a resounding conclusion , violently smash they CD air-instrument against the ground , garner strange look from the few people around they . they guy look at each other , quite pleased , as the school bus pull up in front of they . int . bus - moving Bill and Ted crash into one of the back seat . as we will soon see , they be not hard guy . they be , in fact ; remarkably benign and good - nature . both wear rock and roll t-shirt and jeans with boxer pull out the back . of the two , Bill be short and darker , with a more angular jaw and a more serious demeanor . he be the " thinker " of the two . Ted be the " dreamer " . taller and blondish , and with a wide - eye , romantic look , Ted be more into the immediate , whether it be food , fun , or , especially , girl . Ted pull a construction paper '' mock - up " out of he rucksack and unroll it . close on mock - up a amateurishly - draw hard - rock insignia with rear stallion , devilish face , flame mane , phallic guitar and bow young woman . also on it be the name of the band : " wyld stallyn . " back to shot as the school bus drive through suburban San dima , pass mall and . fast food joint , Bill and Ted , in the back , peruse the draw . bill Ted , while I agree that you t-shirt will be most triumphant , the truth be that wyld stallyn will never be a super band until we have Eddie Van halen on guitar . ted yes , Bill , but I do not believe we will get Eddie van halen until we have triumphant t-shirt . bill Ted , it 's pointless to have triumphant t-shirt before we even have instrument . ted how can we have instrument when we do not even know how to play ? bill that be why we need Eddie Van halen . ted and that be why we need triumphant t-shirt . beat . the two lock at each other , grin -- bill and ted excellent ! -- and as they go into a reprise of AIR guitar , again attract the attention of that around they , we : cuT to : ext . san dima high school parking lot - morning typical before -school activity . student chat and walk to class as : : : the school bus roll into the lot and stop . the door open and student get off . among they be bili and Ted , who bound out and start . toward school . elsewhere in the parking lot be the " popular group " -- a half a dozen nice - look student who sit on and around a tran - be . Bill and Ted approach on they way to class . Ted eye two cute preppy girl . ted how 's it goin ' , buffy and jodie ? no response . the guy pass randolf , the group 's " leader " , who eye they with disdain . . bill : how 's it goin ' , randolf ? randolf ( nod ; superior ) how 's it goin ' , miscreant ? S bill excellent . thank you . Bill and Ted leave the group and continue toward school . ted Bill , we be miscreant . bill and ted ( beat ) excellent . AIR guitar . ext . locker area Ted 's locker be a total mess . there be no book ; only junk food wrapper and heavy Metal sticker . Ted stuff he . rucksack in with all the other junk . a couple of locker away , Bill use the mirror which be attach to he locker door to study the progress of he scrawny little peach - fuzz moustache . 's emu Ted . I totally have a most excellent moustache . but Ted be not pay attention ; rather , he have focus he gaze on : buffy and jodie , the two cheerleader type we just meet , who now approach , chat . they kneel down to they locker , which be between and below Bill 's and Ted 's . Ted swallow , then turn to the girl . ted buffy . Excuse I . I would like to know if you would be my date for the San dima High prom this weekend . buffy ( '' be you kid " ) thank you . no. ted ( beat ) jodie . Excuse I . I would like to know if you would be my date for the San dima High prom this . weekend . jodie ( giggle ) no. ted ( beat ) well ... would either of you like to be Bill 's date ? buffy / jodie no. | and the two pretty girl shut they locker and walk away , giggle . ted Bill . be there any other possible combination I may have miss ? but Bill be silent , engross in a piece of paper he have find in he locker . he turn toward Ted . bill dude . we be in big trouble . ted why ? bill we have a history review session . ted when ? the bell ring . the guy look around . they be the only one leave in the hallway . as the guy amble away , Ted look at he watch . ted how can school be startin ' already ? it 's only five a.m . Bill look at Ted 's watch . a , bill Ted . you forget to wind you watch . - ted - oh. yah . and as the guy turn the corner out of frame , we : cuT to : int . classroom - angle on chalkboard list on the board be four category of history : '' ancient " " '' medieval " " modern " " '' american " under each head be list several important figure and movement from within that time period . ( for instance , under " ancient " be list Rome , Greece , Egypt , etc . ) teacher's voice ( 0.s. ) Bill , I be wait ... close on bill stand , face the front of the room , totally confuse . bill uh ... short dude . teacher's voice ( 0.s. ) anything else ? bill ( beat ) he 's dead ? we hear snicker . angle on classroom the teacher , mr . ryan , a sincere and serious man in he forty , be in front of the chalkboard , point to the name '' napoleon bonaparte . " ryan so then , Bill . you be tell I that napoleon be , essentially , a " short , dead dude . " correct ? bill well ... yah . o more snicker from the class , especially randolf , 0x , . buffy and jodie , who have be watch all this , entertained , from the front row . ted who 's be draw the " wyld stallyn " logo onto he desktop , look up and laugh at he buddy . ted ( sotto ; to Bill ) you totally blow it , dude ! ryan hear this , and look at Ted . ryan alright , Ted . why do not you stand up ? Ted gulp , and stand . Ryan point to the board . ryan who be Joan of Arc ? ted ( beat ) noah 's wife ? the class laugh .. Ryan sigh . the bell ring . front of room ~ after CLASS Bill and Ted stand at Mr. Ryan 's desk . bill Mr. Ryan , sir , before you say anything , my distinguished colleague , Ted , and I wish to express to you we thanks for all the thing we have learn in you class . ryan ( look at papers ) uh huh . and what have you learn ? bill ( improvise ) we have learn that the world have a great history , and will continue to have a great history in the next one hundred year , of which we hope to be a part of , and which we sincerely hope you be as well . Ryan look at Ted , who add -- Ryan rip ted yes , and that thanks to great leader , such as genghis Khan , julius caesar , and socratic method , the world be ... full of history . ryan it seem to I all you have learn be that ... ( glance at papers ) ...- caesar be '' a salad dress dude . " up the papers . ryan Bill . Ted . it 's this simple . you have flunk every section of this class : ancient History , medieval History , modern History , and american History . Bill and Ted stand silently . ryan that mean if you do not get a a + on you final oral report tomorrow , I will have no choice but to fail you . now , you know you topic -- ( he point to the chalkboard ) '' == and I would suggest that you cover at least that subject if you want to pass . understand ? Bill and Ted nod . Ryan look back down at he papers . then , as Bill and Ted turn to leave , Ryan look up and add : ryan " : and boy ... you report have better be something very special . the guy gulp and we : cut to : ext . school library - later Bill and Ted , load up with book , walk across campus . Bill look at the paper that Mr. Ryan give they . ted well , then , who be noah 's wife ? bill I dunno , Ted . but I do know we be in serious trouble . listen to this : oread ) - " how would a important historical figure from each of you time period view the world of san dima , 19877 " ( look up from paper ) we be in danger of flunk most heinously tomorrow , Ted . the guy look at each other and gulp . then we hear : a girl voice ( 0.s. ) ( airy , sexy ) hi Bill . need a lift ? the guy look up . reverse angle a station wagon have pull into the lot in front of they . in the driver 's seat be missy -- 19 and gorgeous . the guy approach . bill sure missy ... I mean Mom . o ted ( sotto ; to Bill ) you step -mom 's cute . bill shut up , Ted . ted remember when she be a senior and we be freshmen ? bill shut up , Ted . Bill open the car door . int . station wagon missy have a couple bag of grocery in front . bili and Ted climb in the back . bill to Ted 's house , please , Mom . ext . ted' house - minute later a small , lower - middle class home in a not - so- great neighborhood , missy 's station wagon stop behind a police car which be park in front of the house . ted ( v.0 . ) bogus . my dad 's home . . ( then ) be right back , as soon as I get my book . int . ted' house Ted close the door and slip across the hall . he be about to head up the stair when we hear : a voice Ted . Ted stop in he track and look over at -- he father Captain Chet Williams , crew-cutte , unsmile , stand in the kitchen , arm cross . 14 oq ted _ what be you do home , dad ? captain william I be look for my key . you have not do anything with they , have you ? ted no , sir . Ted start upstairs , but be quickly stop by he father . william - I speak to you principal today , Ted . he say you be fail history . Ted attempt to speak , but Williams cut he off . william he also say that if you fail history , you flunk out of school . you know what that would mean , do not you , Ted ? of ted . ( quietly ; he 's _ say this before ) that I would have to go to Oats military Academy , sir . captain william ( neds ) I speak with Colonel Oats this morning . he 's anxious to meet you , Ted . ext . ted' house - moment later Ted shakily exit , a couple of as-yet- unopen history book under he arm . int . station wagon Ted get inside and turn to Bill . ted dude . we gotta pass . ~~ bill why ? o ue '' cuz if we do not , my dad 's sendin ' I to military school . bill . where ? ted Alaska . the guy look at each other , horrify , as missy step on the gas and the car pull away . ext . bill be house ~ moment later a large , suburban home in a neighborhood quite a bit nicer than Ted 's . mr . smith ( v.0o . ) how be school today , boy ? bill ( v.0 . ) | bad. | /* int . bill kitchen - same x Le . Bill and Ted stand with they book , watch missy unload . the grocery . mr. smith , forty - five , hold a pipe and newspaper , stand behind he new wife , quite enamor with she . . mr. smith good , good . Mr. Smith pat missy on the ass . Bill gulp . bill um ...we have to go study , dad . as the guy head out of the kitchen : mr. smith Bill , have you do you chore this week ? bill no. : mr. smith ( 3 neye on missy ) no well ... make sure you do . Bill and Ted head upstairs . oo . ted oy ( sotto ) ned you dad do not even care if you do you chore , dude ! bill shut up , Ted . ted he 's too busy goin ' for it with you step - mom ! ( turn back ) whoa ! second base ! bill ( also look back ) no way ! ted fool you , dude ! Bill give Ted a " melvin " , and as they continue up , out of prame , we : cuT to : bill bedroom - that night a large , well - furnish room . book be strewn everywhere . the guy have be study hard . bill okay ... Egypt . ted moses. charlton heston . bill Greece . ted so-crate . i bill | smart dude . | ted ! fag . '' bill na Dark age . '' 17 ted do not know ‘em . bill do not gotta know ‘em ! AIR guitar . then : bill okay . George Washington . one , the Father of we country . ted two , bear on President 's day . bill Three , the dollar bill guy . ted do you ever make a mushroom out of he head ? bill ted. Alaska . ted okay ... ( think ) wooden tooth . chase moby Dick . bill that 's Captain ahab , dude . ted oh ...wait ! remember Disney World -- the hali of president ? bill yeah , good , what would he say ? ted ( recalling ) " welcome to the Hall of president . ' beat . the guy look at each other and shake they head , deject . there be a knock on the door and missy enter the room , carry a plate of grill cheese sandwich . '' missy I bring you guy some food . she bend over , set the plate down . Bill gape down she shirt . Ted hit he . ted it 's you mom , dude . Mr. Smith enter and stand behind missy . pause . mr . smith ( uninterested ) how 's it go , boy ? bill bad . we be destine to flunk most egregiously tomorrow . ted ( nod ) and I be destine to end up at Oats military Academy . bill ( sadly ) and then we will never start we band . the guy sigh . Mr. Smith just stare at missy . mr . smith ( enamor ) good , good . missy what be you guy study , anyway ? ted History . missy Mr. Ryan ? Bill and Ted nod . missy tell he hi . the guy look at the grill cheese sandwich ; one side be completely blacken , the other side be raw . Mr. Smith notice the sandwich , too . @) 19 mr . smith uh , Bill ... why do not you boy take a dinner break ? he hand Bill some money . hallway as Bill and Ted leave the room , the door close behind they . on the staircase as Bill and Ted descend : ted now you dad 's goin ' for it in you own room ! bill shut up , Ted . ted you step - mom be cute , though . bill shut up , Ted . ted remember when I ask she to the prom ? bill shut_up , Ted . and as they reach the bottom of the stair and move out of frame , we : cuT to : pxt . 7/11 - moment later junk food everywhere . Ted munch down a microwave burrito . Bill , flipping through he history book , eat a pint of mint chip ice cream . the guy look up as a woman approach the store . ted Excuse I , mar 'am . would you buy we a beer ? woman sorry , I work here . ted oh. will you give we a beer ? but she have go inside . ted well ... you wanna try the thrifti-mart ? Bill nod and the guy stand . they be about to begin walk when -- 20 feet above they the air suddenly part , brilliant white light and a gust of wind pour out . there be a pound chord of heavy metal music and : a telephone booth barrel through the open and land a few foot away from they , dust and debris settling as the sky close back up . beat . Bill and Ted look at each other , astound . bill / ted not bad ... then , the door of the booth slide open and rufus , dress in the same ultra-cool outfit he be wear in 2687 , step out . rufus greeting , gentleman . Bill and Ted stare at rufus for a moment . finally : bill will you buy we a beer ? rufus Bill S. Smith , esquire ? Bill blink and nod . rufus Ted " Theodore " Williams ? Ted guip and nod . rufus gentieman . I be here to help you with you history report . '' ted = as to ict sy _ bill x oo j= > there be a nother sudden burst of music and light , and the guy turn around to see : another phone booth drop out of the sky and crash onto the parking lot , about 20 foot away from they . ( this new booth look exactly like rufus ' booth , only be much worse for the wear and appear to be jam - pack with people . ) the guy look at each other . ted Bill . bill what ? ee ted = strange thing be afoot at the 7/11 . Bill nod . then the door to the new phone booth burst open and : another bill and ted -- exact replica of we two guy in every way -- explode out of the booth and dash excitedly toward billi and Ted . new bill dude ! you guy be gonna go back in time ! new ted yah ! you be go to have a most excellent adventure through history ! Bill and Ted be absolutely shocked . bill who be you guy ? new ted we be you , dude ! o ted no way . no way . new ted yes way , Ted . new bill we know how you feel -- we do not believe it when we be you and we we say what we we be say right now . ted ( skeptical ) okay . wait . if you be really we , what number be we think of ? new bill and ted sixty -nine , dude ! beat . Bill and Ted gape at each other , amaze . then they turn to New Bill and Ted , and all four crack up at the implication of this number , give each other high fives and thumb up . AIR guitar . then : new bill listen dude , we have to go . new ted yah . we gotta get back to the history report . New Bill and Ted be about to head back to the booth when they notice rufus , who have be watch all this , utterly nonpluss , from a few foot away . new ted rufus ! ! new bill oh! Bill and Ted -- listen to this dude rufus . he know what he 's talk about . new ted right . and Ted -- give my love to the princess . ted who ? new ted ( grin slyly ) you will see . . New Bill and New Ted pile back into they phone booth . rufus join they , and they confer for a moment . then rufus back away and New Ted stick he head out the booth , new ted Ted ! do not forget to wind you watch ! new bill catch ya later , Bill and Ted ! bill and ted stare , dumbfounded , as : the antenna on the second phone booth glow , then blue light shoot down the side , the ground below open up , and in a flash of music and light , the phone booth disappear into the ground . Bill and Ted look at each other , then at rufus . int . phone booth - moment later while rufus flip through the phone book , Ted tap Bill on the shoulder . ted ( sotto ) dude . be you sure we should be do this ? bill Ted , you and I have witness many thing , but nothing as bodacious as what just happen . besides , we tell ourselves to listen to this dude . ted maybe we be lie . bill why would we lie to ourselves , Ted ? Ted think a beat , then nod , convinced . he turn to rufus . 23 '' 24 ted how be you gonna help we , dude ? rufus lift the receiver . the antenna rise out of the roof and begin to glow . . bill be you gonna call someone and get the answer ? rufus we be gonna do a lot better than than , gentleman . rufus begin dial . with each number , we hear corresponding heavy metal guitar chord . Bill and Ted respond to this . bill / ted excellent . the booth begin to glow with bluish light . rufus brace yourself , amigo . bill / ted wh -- 7 ? rufus gentlemen ... we be history . there be a sudden flash of brilliant white light , a roar of heavy metal music , and ... the phone booth disappear into the ground with a whoosh . cur to : the '' circuit of time " a complex system cf wire and circuit criss-crossing the screen . after a beat , we hear : bill / ted ( v.0 . ) whoocoaaaaa ! !!!! . and the phone booth shoot into frame , diving into one of the opaque tube- like circuit . 25 int . booth - moving incredibly fast Bill and Ted , eye wide and amaze , peer through the glass as the booth barrel down the circuit wire on a virtual roller - coaster ride through time . ted rufus ! where be we , dude ?! rufus this be the circuit of history , gentleman . they will take you almost anywhere you want to go . at any time . - bill how ?! rufus ( smile ) . modern technology , William . the booth make a sudden sharp drop out of prame and we : cuT to : ext . FRANCE ( 1804 ) - day a large , grassy plateau , overlook a broad valley . we hear a pound chord of heavy metal music , the sky open up , there be a flash of light , and -- the phone booth drop from the open in the sky and drop onto the plateau . some junk food wrapper from the 7/11 flutter down behind it as the sky close back up . after a beat , Bill and Ted step out of the booth and look around , very excited . bill / ted whoaaaa !! bill that be most unprecedented , rufus . ted ( nod ) yah -- but where be we , dude ? 26 rufus calmly glance at the phone book . rufus France . 1804 . Bill and Ted 's mouth drop open . suddenly a cannon blast be heard and the guy look down into -- the valley below where two oppose brigade af soldier have launch into battle . bill and ted could not be more thrilled . ted Bill , check it out ! we be right in the middle of a war ! : bill owave at the army below ) up here , dude ! a bullet whizze past Bill 's ear . Ted laugh , point at Bill 's head . ted ( call down ) just miss , dude ! another angle rufus notice a group of soldier on a nearby bluff . rufus time to depart , amigo . Bill and Ted nod as -- the group of soldier look they way . at the head of the group , in command , be a small , arrogant french general . the General lift a pair of field glass to he face and gaze across the plateau . his pe 4 m phone booth as rufus dial , Bill and Ted peer out in the General 's direction and wave . we can read they lip as they say : bill / ted how 's it goin ' , dude ? the general pust down he field glass and be shaking he head wiien : an_explosion go off behind he , toss the General through the air and onto the ground right next to the now - lowin hone booth . suddenly the ground open and both the booth and the General be suck down into the hole ! the ground close up and we : cuut to : the circuit of time the phone booth bomb past camera , a excited AIR guitar emanate from within . it be soon follow by the terrify General , hair shoot straight back , arm flail wildly as he barrel down the tube behind the booth . as the General hurtle past and out of frame , we : cuT to : ext . ted' house - evening there be a flash of light and the phone Booth suddenly drop onto the front lawn next to a large oak tree . Bill , Ted , and rufus pile out , none of they notice that : above they ~- the little french general be dangle by he collar on a branch of the oak tree , look like a cat hold up by the scruff of its neck . bill and ted look around the yard , elate . ( throughout the follow we be occasionally aware of two feet which helplessly dangle into frame . ) ted C now where be we ?! — ( beat ) oh . it 's my house . bill rufus -- can we go anyplace we want ? at any time ? rufus ( nod ) you can do whatever you want , gentleman , as long as you 's remember this : no matter what happen , you have to get to the report . get it ? the guy nod . rufus the report 's tomorrow at 2:45 , right ? they nod again . ~ rufus : okay then , amigo ... {re : phone book ) this ' 1l1l tell you the number of whatever place you want to go . rufus point to the number on the phone . rufus ( cont 'd ) just dial the area and the time . ( be : a " special " button ) and this be what activate the time travel function . bill how ? rufus quite simple , William . through a retroactive cross - reference of the intralateral continuum ... C ) rufus stop , notice that Bill and Ted be totally lose . rufus trust I , gentleman . it work . ( then ) now remember , amigo : no matter where you go , or what you do , that clock -- ( be ; Ted 's watch ) the clock in San dima -- be always run . get it ? Ted nod and look at he watch . Bill look at the phone book . rufus bow he head and take a step back . rufus gentlemen , it 's time for I to leave you now . Bill and Ted look at rufus , surprised . : bill what do you mean , rufus ? ted yah . be not you come with we ? rufus back into the phone booth and shake he head . rufus William . Theodore ... you be on you own . Bill and Ted watch , wide - eye , as rufus close the door and dial . we hear the same great heavy metal chord , and then , in a flash of light -- -- the booth disappear . a split second later , there be another flash and it reappear , empty . Bill and Ted look at each other . bill _ Ted . ted what ? bill this have be a most unusual day . and as Ted nod in agreement , we hear a branch break above and -- the french general fall from the tree and land on he foot right in front of they . he look around , mutter something in french , then topple to the ground , unconscious . bill and ted be astound . bill dude ... we see that guy in France . ted ( shaking he head ) and just when we think thing could not get any more bodacious ... a moment later Bill and Ted be stand over the unconscious General , Bill frantically flipping through he history book . ted so who be he ? Bill stop and look at the book . bill Ted ... it 's napoleon . ted who 's that ? bill you know -- the short dead dude from we history review ! ted whoa ! excellent ! ( to the unconscious General ) hey , you be famous , dude ! o 31 Bill snap close the history book and turn to he buddy . bill Ted ... I have a most excellent idea !! and on Bill 's excitement we : cur to : int . ted' bedroom - close on little Boy Ted 's little brother , deacon , nine year old and bored , listen as Ted explain the plan . ted ( 0.s. ) deacon . you have to watch this guy . his name be napoleon . he be a very famous french dude . pull back to reveal the rest of Ted 's bedroom . it 's a total mess ; cover with scrawle drawing , empty junk - food wrapper and ton of heavy Metal paraphernalia . napoleon lay unconscious on Ted 's bed . bill we have decide to collect other speaker from history for a oral report we be do . while we be go , you be not to let he out of you sight . Ted hand deacon some money . ted here be some money . take he to the movie or something . napoleon start to come to . he look around , baffle and a bit angry . Bill notice he . bill napoleon , dude . I be Bill . we will take you back to France after you tell we what you think of San dima . this be Ted 's brother deacon . deacon hi. bill he will take care of you . ( then ) ready Ted ? ted ready , Bill . bill let 's go back into history ! a quick AIR guitar , and the guy dash out of the room . int . live room Bill and Ted , very excited , be bound out the front door when Captain Williams suddenly step into frame , block Ted 's path . william I want to speak with you , son . Bill attempt to re-enter the house . william alone , please , Bill . and Ted gulp as Williams slam the door shut , bill ~ outside alone . Silent . lose . after a beat , he. lean against the door and presse up to it . his face go ashen as he hear : william ( 0.s. ) ( mid-lecture ) -«. you lose my key , you fail history , you spend all you time with you loser friend , plan a band that will never happen . int . house - same william now you be not to leave this house again until tomorrow morning . leave -- 's he ear the phone ring . Williams cross and pick it up . 32 ksa 33 william yes ? voice on phone uh , captian Williams , this be Officer Van halen down at the station . william Officer Van halen ...? int . phone booth - same Bill stand , receiver in hand , heavily disguise he voice . bill I be new , dude -- sir . listen . we find you key . if you want them , better come and get ‘em . int . house Williams hang up , shake he head . william when I get back from the station , I want you pack and ready to go . get it ? ted ( quietly ) yes , sir . Captain Williams turn and head upstairs . as he do , the front door open , and Bill stick he head inside . Ted eross to hin . ted dude , we be in serious trouble . my dad already sign I up . my plane leave tomorrow night . bill ( beat ) but that 's only if we fail , dude . a moment . the guy look at each other . then , slowly , they gaze shift outside , toward the phone booth . the guy brighten and turn back to each other . 24 bill / ted no way !!! int . phone booth - second later Ted read from the history checklist , while Bill flip through the phone book . ted ( mispronounce everything ) so-crate . sigmund freud. Beethoven . bill ( refer to phone book ) be there one for ' the western Movement in America in the nineteenth century ' ? ted ( check list ) yah . bill ( excited ) well then , let 's reach out and touch someone , dude ! AIR guitar . then Bill dial , the guitar chord resonate through the booth . then Bill get a connection . we hear a drum beat , and the guy look at each other . ted Bill , my friend ? bill yes , Ted , my friend ? ted May we have a most excellent adventure ! Bill and Ted firmly shake hand , and in a flash of music and light , the booth disappear . a beat later , Captain Williams exit the house , head toward he car , and we : CUT to : wo 35 ext . old west town - day a rough , tough , prospect town , somewhere in the Colorado territory . we hear heavy metal guitar and shortly thereafter -- the phone booth drop out of the sky and land next to a row of outhouse . a few confuse townspeople stare as Bill and Ted step out of the booth and look around , very excited . a beat , then : ted how 's it goin ' , Old West dude ? int . SALOON - a moment later a real Old West -style barroom . a piano play in the background . Bill and Ted enter and saunter up to the bar . bill ( to bartender ) two beer , please . ted ( sotto ; to Bill ) whoa , he do not even card we . bill yah , we have to remember this place . the bartender hand they drink . Bill and Ted look around the saloon . bill well , Ted , who should we take back with we ? ted how about that guy ? he 's a total Old - West ugly dude . a ugly cowboy glare at Bill and Ted . bill ( to cowboy ; smile ) how would you like to be ina history report ? 36 ted we already have napoleon '' sign up . cowboy ( growl ) where the hell be you from ? bill San dima . ted Home of rage Waters , excellent water slide . suddenly a gunshot ring out and all attention shift to : the swinging door where a tough - look young cowboy enter and begin walk around the saloon , stare at everyone . he stop in front of Bill and ted. silence . finally : ted how 's it goin ' ? another angle the Young cowboy move away from Bill and Ted , address everyone in the saloon . young cowboy I need two man . who 's with I ? bill ( sotto ; to bartender ) who 's he ? bartender ( nervously ) billy the kid . bill ( to Ted ) he 's famous . let 's nab he . ted . we be with you , billy the kid ! C ) he 37 the SALOON go back to normal as billy the kid step up to the bar and warily eye Bill and Ted . billy the kid who be you ? ted we have a band -- bill -- of outlaw . I be Bill wyld . ted I be ... stallyn Ted . billy the kid I have never hear of you . bill you will -- ted -- we be totally gonna open for Iron maiden ! AIR guitar , which be interrupt by billy the kid , who throw Bill and Ted against the bar . billy the kid here 's the deal . what I win , I keep . Bill and Ted nod . billy the kid what you win ... I keep . bill / ted ( shrug ) sound good , Mr. the kid . billy the kid look at they , and on he reaction we : cur to : the card game - moment later a bunch of grizzle , hard - boil cowboys scowl at camera . none of they have much money on the table and all of they look piss . 38 ac . .35 the table sit Bill , Ted and billy the kid . Bill and Ted have huge pile ‘of money in frent of they . so do billy the kid , who 's deal . : Ted gape happily as he look at he hand . 8111 nudge he . bill {sotto ; to Ted ) dude . you gotta have a poker face , like I . Bill pick up he hand . bill ( excited ) whoa ! Three ace ! billy the kid glare at Bill . ted turn to the large tattooed cowboy next to he . - ted ( sotto ) we be totally cheating you , dude . ( off the cowboy 's look ) but it 's okay -- you will get you money back as soon as we bag billy the kid . the cowboys look at each cther , feed up . they put they card down and stand , glower at billy the kid . beard cowboy what the hell be go on here , billy ? old west ugly dude you cheatin ' we , kid ? billy the kid cheatin ? I ? 39 the cewboy reach for they gun , but before they can -- -- billy the kid grab the money , knock the table over , and punch the Old West Ugly dude . suddenly -- the SALOON clear out . the brawl be on . bill and ted sit roote to they chair , gape at the melee develop around they . bottle and bullet whiz past they head . tables and chair be overturn and break . the guy look at each other and be about to do a thrilled AIR guitar when they be grab and pull out opposite side of frame . the piano continue in the background as : ted land on a table and look around . Three very large , very ugly , very nasty - look rustlers glare at he . ted how 's it goin ' , big ugly dude ? silence . the rustler look like they be about to tear Ted 's heart out . Ted swallow . ted qkay , look . I gotta be honest with you guy : I be totally weak . I can not possibly fight you . a beat . then Ted pull a small paper booklet from he pocket and open it . ted however , how would you gentleman like free pass to see " the song remains the same " at the San dima 67 but before Ted can tear the ticket out , the rustler grab he . o '' / 40 ted I do not think so . meanwhile -- bill be behind the bar , jump tack and forth to avoid the whiskey bottle that be now be chuck at he . a bottle whizze past he ear and crash against the mirror , shatter it . Bill give the thumb - up sign . bill Nice shot , dude ! another barrage of bottle drive Bill to -- the floor where he crawl behind the bar . he see a shard of the break mirror , pick it up , and check the progress of he moustache . bill ( pleased , winking at himself ) excellent ' stache , Smith . then Bill react as he see -- in the mirror the reflection of a big beard cowboy grin evilly back at he . another angle the bearded cowboy reach down with one hand , pick Bill up , and hold he over he head . bill Pov the three rustler be toss Ted around like a beach ball . . bill how 's it goin ' , Ted ? ted ( mid-air ) excellent . you ? 44 bill outstanding . the Big bearded cowboy suddenly huris Bill through the air while -- . the rustlers grab Ted and hurl he through the air . ext . SALOON - same several dance hall girl be watch the fight when -- -- bill head come crash through the wall of the saloon , follow shortly by ted' head , which crash through right next to Bill 's . the two guy turn and see each other . bill / ted whoa ! ! bill ( laugh ) you totally get throw through the wall , dude ! Ted look around and notice the provocatively dress girl in front of he . he turn on the charm : ted how 's it goin ' lady ? I be Ted T. Williams , and this be my friend , Bill ss . -- but before he can finish , the guy be puly back through the wall . the dance Hall Girls look at each other and we be back in : the SALOON where we see that it be billy the kid who grab the guy . : billy the kid c'mon ! billy the kid turn and dash across the room where he run directly into : the card playing cowboys who quickly surround he and draw they gun . ( bill and ted o duck behind a wall and look at each other . ted . Bill . we gotta save hin . bill yah . but how ? a beat , Ted peek around the wall and look at the line - up of cowboy , then nudge Bill -~ ted check it out . . and he point at -- the cowboys ' underwear all of which be barely stick out the top of they pants . bill and ted look at each other and smile . they creep out from behind the wall and stop just behind the Cowboys . ted ( sotto ) ready , Bill ? bill ( sotto ) ready , Ted . ted one - two - three -- bill go !! and the guy suddenly pull each of the Cowboys ' long underwear up , give they '' melvin . " they follow this by _pantsind '' the Cowboys -- pull they pants down around they knee as the confuse Cowboys stagger around , try to tug they '' long underwear down and they pants up , Bill and Ted knock ' J the gun out of they hand , then " high - five " each other . 43 CO ted " good goin , Bill wyld ! bill you too , stallyn Ted ! and as the Cowboys continue to struggle with they pants , Bill , Ted and billy the kid dash out of the saloon . ext . SALOON billy the kid look at the guy as they rush away from the saloon and toward the phone booth . billy the kid you two save my life . ted nothin ' doin ' , billy the kid . the guy push through the line which be wait to use the outhouse . bill Excuse we , dude , we gotta use the phone . they reach the booth , squeezing past a cowboy who exit the booth , zipping up he fly . Bill and Ted look down . bill / ted oh , no ... billy the kid ( be : the booth ) where we go ? Ted glance at the history checklist . ted " the Golden Age of civilization . " billy the kid where ? bill ( dial ) ancient Greece , dude ! ( _ ) the heavy metal chord begin to pound and the booth begin os to shake . 44 billy the kid what the -- ? ted '' do not worry , billy the kid . we will bring you back here as soon as you talk at we report . bill believe I , dude , napoleon have it tougher . he 's back in San dima with Ted 's little brother , deacon . Ted look at he watch . it read 7:15 p.m. there be a flash and we : cuut to : ext . farrell' restaurant - establishing shot a clock on the outside wall read 7:15 p.m. int . farrell' ice cream parlor - evening pan across people eat . corner table -- Children , parent and , at a deacon , he nine year old girlfriend , kerry , she eight year old friend , daphne ... and napoleon . this be a double date . there be a sudden clamorous ringing of bell and napoleon react , startle , as a waiter rush up with a huge '' trough " . napoleon stare as the immense dish of ice cream be set before hin . as another waiter place a " gag bib " on he , we : cuT to : the table - a little while later the " kid " be all finish make a quick move to scoop cream away from daphne ) when bell and the waiter pin a off the trough ( napoleon the last bit of chocolate ice there be another ringing of " i_ make a pig of myself at farrell " button onto napoleon , next to he other medal . napoleon look around , angere and confuse . 45 we notice that the clock on the wall behind he now read 7:57 p.m. , as we : cuT to : ext . ancient greece - day ancient pillar . Greek statue . a phone booth . bill and ted amble along a tree-line path . bill how we doin ' with the time ? ted ( look at he watch ) excellent . close on watch which now read only 7:45 p.m. we notice that the second hand be beginning to siow down as -- : the guy steal up to : a SMALL ampitheatre up ahead where a group of five or six young men be seat ' around one older man . the older man , short and rotund , appear to be '' hold court " . one of the student use the name " socrate " to address the older man . bill , ted and billy the kid crouch nearby . bill . socrate ? hey -- we know that name . ted yah . look he up . ( helpfully ) it 's under so-crate . 46 Bill find the right passage in the book . Ted look over he shoulder . bill ( read ) '' the only true wisdom consist in know that you know nothing . " the guy look at each other . ted that 's we , dude . bill ( nod ) let 's bag he . they guy start off , then stop , notice billy the kid , who obviously want to go with they . Ted rummages through he rucksack and remove a nerf football , which he toss to the confuse young cowboy . ted here , billy the kid . this be a nerf football . you can play . with it while we talk to so - crate and nothing will get hurt . in the ampitheatre Bill and Ted join the group . everyone quiet down , all eye on the oddly dress newcomer . there be some puzzle murmure , some laugh . beat . bill how 's it goin ' ? socrate look at Bill and Ted , quite curious . there be silence in the group . another beat . bill ( sotto ) Ted . he 's waitin’ for you to say something . . ted ( sotto ) what do I say ? 47 bill ( shrugging ) philosophize with he . ted - ' ( shrug ; to socrate ) " all we be be dust in the wind " , dude . close on socrates he scratch he head , intrigue . we hear heavy Metal chord , there be a blind flash of light and we : CUT to : a bowling ball smash into a set of bowl pin . int . bowling alley - close on scoresheet pan down name : deacon , Kerry , daphne , napoleon . we be in the tenth frame of the third game . the kid ' score average between 70 and 100 . napoleon 's high be 43 . suddenly napoleon 's score change to 143 as -= the little general ( now wear green and red bowl shoe ) cheat on he score , then rise to bowl . behind he back , deacon , Kerry , and daphne roll they eye . they hate he . deacon imitate he awkward style as napoleon roll a gutter ball and scowl , ranting arrogantly at a family which bowl next to he . another angle behind napoleon , the kid whisper to each other and giggle , plan something . meanwhile , napoleon 's ball come back and he bowl again , toss another gutter . ball . this time he throw a little fit of poor sportsmanship : stomping he foot , shaking he fist in the air , and then , finally , pound he fist on the air jet , and hurt he wrist in the process . try to ease the pain , napoleon place he hand inside he coat , thus strike the famous " pose " for the first time . . ( od 43 then , napoleon turn around to find -- the kid be go . napoleon attempt to run after then , but be quickly block by -- the alley manager a fat , sweaty , ineffectual man in he fifty . manager hey -- not so fast , there , buddy . you be not pay yet ! napoleon stare at he , uncomprehend . ext . bowling alley - night after a beat , napoleon be boot out the door . he stumble down onto the pavement . manager I do not wanna see you around here anymore . beat it . napoleon , confuse , stand , brushes himself off , curse at the manager , and then stumble away , have no idea where to go or what to do , meanwhile -- down the STREET the three kid bolt away . kerry you brother ' 1 ] kill you ! deacon I do not care . napoleon 's a dick . they turn a corner , giggle , and we : cut to : ext . english castle - morning on the outskirt of this grey stone castle , a babbling brook wind its way through a verdant field . a beaten-down look serf ( we will call he JOHN ) be bent over , pick root when -- the phone booth crash to the ground right next to he . '' 4g a beat later , Bill , Ted , billy the kid and socrate step out . socrate look around , amaze . billy the kid flip nerf football into the air . billy the kid not bad , huh , so-crate ? ( to Bill ) where be we , dude ? bill England . 1371 . ted nlook at he watch ) dude , we be in most excellent shape for we history report . bill yah . all we need be one more speaker , from medieval . billy the kid ( point to John the serf ) how ' bout that guy ? bill ( nod ; impressed ) iomust say , billy the kid , you be deal with the oddity of time travel with the great of ease . billy the kid smile proudly as Bill approach John the serf . bill Excuse I , dude . where would we find personage of historical significance around here ? John the serf look up at Bill and smile toothlessly . bill ( beat ) later . Bill cross to Ted . in the background , billy the kid and socrate flip the nerf football back and forth . 50 bill o so , Ted , any idea on who should we bag ? Ted ? / but tea be spellbound , speechless . reverse angle - ted' Pov two beautiful young princess be stand on the castle balcony , look out . one of they , joanna , have make eye contact with -- ted who be smitten . ted I be in love , dude . bill ( nod ) that must be the princess you tell yourself about at the T /il. ( then ) * well ... you be the lady ! '' man , how're we gonna meet ‘em ? - int . castle hallway - later Dark . shadowy . suit of armor line the wall . several royal henchman walk by , on patrol . they continue out of frame . beat . then we hear : ted' voice nechoing ) Bill . bill voice ( same ) what ? ted this be heavy . bill yah . heavy metal !! loud , echoing AIR guitar , as two of the suit of armor step vd out of the shadow and start to clank around . $ 1 bill I feel like the dude in the wizard of Oz . ted the straw dude ? bill no , not that dude . Bill do a heavy , clanking " jig " . bill ( sing ) " tf I only have a heart ... " ted Way to go , dude ! as Bill and Ted turn down the hallway , we see that they boxer be come up out of they suit . as they clank clumsily away from we : . ted Bill ? bill what ? ted ( low , breathy ) use the Force , Bill . I be darth Ted . Ted grab a lance off the wall and swing it at Bill . it connect with a thud . then Bill push Ted , playfully , and Ted push back . they begin to roughhouse , knock each other onto the floor , wrestle , laugh , and hit each other . neither pay the slight attention to the incredible amount of noise they be make . another angle Bill shove Ted backwards , fall back himself , and knock Ted roll down a small flight of stair . we hear Ted hit the bottom of the stair with a tremendous crash . then Bill crawl out of he suit of armor , stand , and look down the stair at -- $ 2 ted' su.f of armor which lay on the floor , motionless . two henchmen stand over it , sword draw . the henchmen plunge the sword into the suit , look around for the other '' intruder , '' and run off in the opposite direction . bill horrify , slowly move down the stair and stand over Ted 's suit of armor , fight tear . he can barely speak . bill * bogus ... heinous ... non - triumphant ... he collapse to he knee in front of the suit of armor . bill aw , Ted . do not be dead , dude . a long , heartbreaking moment as Bill take the suit 's hand and shake it . bill s'long , ted. ( overcome ) I ... love you , dude . ( quickly ; to himself ) fag . then we hear footstep , and Bill turn and see yet another henchman approach , sword draw . bill ( fiercely ) you kill Ted , you medieval dick - weed ! possess with a terrible vengeance , Bill charge the henchman and knock he into the wall , punch and kick at hin . bill aaaaaaauuuuuugggggghhhhhh !!!!! Bill be push to the floor by the far more powerful henchman . he be about to be run through when -- ted step out from the shadow and belt the henchman with he lance , fell he . int . hallway Bill look up in astonishment . bill Ted , you be alive ! ted yah ! I fly out of my suit when I hit the floor . Bill get up and the guy rush to each other . they hug . beat . they realize what they be do and separate . both ( to the other ) fag. cut to : close on a door which open , revealing joanna and elizabeth , the two beautiful princess we see earlier . joanna 's eye widen . joanna you be the one we see in the garden . reverse angle - bill and ted Ted nod , enrapture . ted T be Ted of San dima , and I bring to you a message of love . joanna ( pleased ) ' from who ? ted from ... ( think ) ++. myself , 53 bill ( sotto ) Way to go , dude . another angle joanna move closer toward Ted . joanna and what be this message you speak of ? Ted be stump . ted uh ... bill ( sotte ) lyric , dude ! recite they some lyric ! Ted clear he throat , and improvise . ted '' oh ; you beautiful babe from ' England , for whom we have travel through time . will you go to the prom with we in San dima ? we will have a most triumphant time . " the princess be pleased . then , suddenly , we hear : a angry voice ( from down the corridor ) joanna ! Elizabeth ! the princess stiffen . elizabeth it 's pather ! they grab Bill and Ted and hurriedly usher they -- inside there chamber ted what do he want ? 54 o 55 elizabeth we be to be marry to two horrible old man today . : ted no way ! the princess nod urgently . joanna will you help we escape ? ted ( puffing up with bravado ) * of course , babe ! but as ' the guy gallantly turn around , they find themselves face to face with : the duke who be flanke by two old fat men and several guard . he be furious . bill how 's it goin ' , duke-dude ? I be the Earl of Smith . ted and I be the Duke of Ted . bill you , daughter do not love this two old fat dude . ted yah , but we do . that be -- we love you daughter , not the two old fat dude . duke put they in the Iron maiden ! ted Iron maiden ? bill excellent ! AIR guitar . the Duke be outrage . 56 duke ~ execute they ! bill / ted bogus . . the princess gasp , horrify , as the Duke 's henchmen grab Bill and Ted and drag they away . ted ocall back ) do not worry , babe -- we will save you ! smash CUT to : two huge , razor - sharp axe violently crash down onto two chopping block . the axe be raise and -- bill be and ted' head be lower into frame , onto the block . a wider shot reveal that we be in the middle of a royal courtyard . the Duke , the princess , the two Old fat Men , and numerous henchmen be gather to watch Bill and Ted get behead . several hour have pass -- it 's now early evening . the guy look at each other . ted Bill . bill what ? ted I believe we adventure through time have take a most serious turn . Bill nod as -- the duke stand and , with a imperious gesture , motion to -- 57 the black -hooded executioner who poise they huge axe over the guy ' head . the crowd hush . the princess fight tear . then , suddenly -- q the executioner bring down they axe and -- bill and ted wince , then open they eye when they realize that -- the executioner . '' have not behead they , but have , instead , severe they bond !! then the executioner remove they hood , revealing that they be not , in fact , executioner -- but be rather billy the kid and socrates ! the courtyard erupt into chaos ! the princess ' eye widen . the Duke , outrage , dispatch a bunch of henchmen to kill -- bill and ted who leap up from the chopping block . bill so-crate ! billy the kid ! socrate wink at Bill . billy the kid tap he gun . billy the kid you save my life , I save yours . ted Way to go , dude ! they all exchange a quick high - five . then Bill notice the henchmen close in fast . bill let 's go ! as they turn and rush away : ne 58 ted nlook back ) what about the babe ?! Bill glance back at -- the princess who be completely surround by Guards . moving with bill and ted as they near the wall of the castle , henchmen in hot pursuit . bill there 's nothing we can do ! . ted but ... ! 1 ! bill Ted . we get no choice . we will have to come back for them after the report . they reach the end of the courtyard and begin to scale the stone wall . henchmen draw nearer as billy the kid give socrate a " boost " over the wall , then scramble over with Bill . when Ted reach the top , he stop and look back at : joanna who smile and blow a kiss at he just before -- a henchman' arrow embed itself in the wall just below Ted . more arrow fly past and Ted be drive over onto : the other side of the wall where he join the other guy as they run for they life toward the phone booth . ted ( catch up ) Bill -- I just realize . we do not get a medieval speaker for the report . what be we gonna do ?? '' a 59 billy the kid Zi take care of that . bill / ted what ?? . billy the kid nod and point -- inside the booth where JOHN the serf , flipping the nerf football up and down , grin toothlessly at they . the heavily armed henchmen begin to scale the wall as -- bill , ted , socrates and billy the kid all pile into the phone booth with John the serf . needless to say , it 's get a bit crowded in here . Bill grab the phone book and begin rifling through it as a flame arrow smack against the booth . Ted peer through the glass at the quickly approach henchmen , ted Bill ... I think we better get go . Bill -- what be do , dude ? bill I be try to find the number to San dima ! -- there . but , just as Bill get a good look at the number -- a flaming arrow sail into the booth and lodge directly into the phone book ! the book 's brittle page burst into flame ! bill / ted whoaaa ! ! ted put it out , dude ! bill I be try -- owww ! dude , I can not ! we will hafta do without it ! '' ( % wad 60 Bill toss the burn book from the booth and Ted pull the door shut as -- the henchmen approach the booth . at the head of the group stalk . a ferocious seven foot mountain of flesh , swinging a immense spike ball and chain over he head . in the booth Bill dial frantically . ted what be you dial , dude ?! bill San dima . hold on . Bill finish dial . a arrow careen off the antenna .. there be a click . the guy look at each other expectantly , and we hear : a pre-recorded voice I be sorry , the number you have dial be not in service at this time . please check you directory and dial again . thank you . bill / ted oh , no ! suddenly the booth begin to rock as the henchman begin pound on the side of it . billy the kid and socrate struggle to hold the door shut . Bill , panicky , redial , as Ted notice that : . outside the booth the henchmen have give way to the seven- foot giant who be now snarling ferociously , fiercely swinging the ball and chain over he head . int . booth ted c'mon , dude ! he 's gonna -- !! bill I know , Ted ! there be another click and the guy cross they finger as : 61 ext . booth the antenna pop out of the roof and begin to spark . we hear heavy metal chord , there be a flash of light , and , just as -- the huge henchman swing the spike ball against the booth -- the ground open with a whoosh and -- the booth grop into it cause -- tre henchman' ball to miss the booth but connect with the sparking antenna , bendin t backwards just as -- the booth disappear into the darkness and -- the ground . close back up . hold for a beat on the confuse henchmen , then : CUT to : the circuit of time the phone booth shoot past camera , music blaring from within , spark shoot from the damage antenna . ted ( v.0 . ) where we goin ' , dude ? bill ( v.0 . ) Home , I hope !! the careen booth dive down a chute and we : CUT to : ext . desert - day the same vast , orangeish desert we see in the open . great heavy metal music emanate from each of the futuristic dome which dot the landscape . : 62 we hear voice , and a moment later , the sky open up and the phone booth crash down onto the ground . the skew antenna recede back into the roof as Bill and Ted pull themselves out of the booth and look around , baffle . ted ' dude , this be not San dima . Bill nod . the guy notice the dome . bill excellent music . ted most outstanding . then , the guy ' attention shift to : one of the dome where 's a woman , dress all in white except for a black trench - coat , step out and stare at Bill and Ted , stunne . woman it 's ... you . ted " yah , it 's we . ( the Bill ) who be we ? bill ( to woman ) Excuse I , but what year be this ? woman 2687 . ted . whoa ! Bill ! we go way too far forward ! bill the phone booth musta get break in England . ted ( look around ) so this be the future ... bill ( look around , nod ) look like a yes album cover . then Bill nudge Ted and the guy notice that -- o ) 63 * : woman have close she eye and be concentrate very hard . soon other people , also dress in white and black , start to come out of the dome , gather around Bill and Ted and gaze at they reverently . Bill and Ted shift nervously . behind they , billy the kid , John the serf and socrate look on , impressed . then , the crowd begin to do a slow , oddly ritualistic version of AIR guitar . they stop and look at Bill and Ted , who shrug and do AIR guitar themselves . the crowd be deeply move by this . they begin beckone to Bill and Ted . the guy be totally confuse . bill they want to hear we speak , Ted . ted go ahead , dude . bill what will I say ? ted make something up . Bill swallow , raise he hand to quiet everyone . he can not think of anything to say . finally -- bill be excellent to each other . beat . the crowd wait expectantly for more . billi look at Ted . ted ( shrug ) . and ... party on , dude . the crowd be deeply pleased . 8il1 l and Ted begin to herd the await historical figure back into the phone booth . bill ( to crowd ) well ... we gotta get back to we report . ted 64 ( back into booth ) yah . we would take one of you with we , but it 's a history report , not a future report ... another angle : everyone 's in the booth . Bill and Ted look back at the crowd , which continue to stare at they reverently . Bill dial . bill later , dude ! we hear heavy metal chord . int . great dome - same the Three important people watch , concerned , as outside the ground open , and , in a blue flash , the booth disappear . they turn to rufus . rufus gentlemen , do not worry . they know what they be do . the important people look at each other , worried , and we : CUT to : the circuit of time the booth hurtle past camera , to five face press up against the glass . ted ( v.0 . ) let 's go back to England ! bill ( v.0 . ) we do not know the number ! even if we do -- the phone 's break . we just gotta keep dial San dima till it work ! fhe booth whizze around a sharp curve in the circuit and we : CUT to : ext , roman courtyard - day julius caesar be walk through he courtyard when he hear music and , a moment later , the sky open up and the booth crash right in front of he . guy whooaaaaa ! ! bill and ted look through the glass at caesar , who stare right back at they . ted where would we land now ? Bill , flipping through they history book , find the page he be look for . bill Ted ! it 's the salad -dress dude ! ted that 's the Green goddess ? bill it 's julius caesar . Bill hold the book up to the glass next to caesar 's face . caesar 's expression match exactly with he rendering in the book . Bill smile . bill : Ted . Ho much time do we get leave ? ted nlook at watch ) ton . why ? bill ( excited ) extra credit , dude ! AIR guitar as the door to the booth slide open , julius caesar be pull inside , and we : cuT to : the circuit of time the beoth hurtle past camera , caesar 's terrify face press against the glass . . . ted ( v.0 . ) where would we dial ?! bill ( v.0 . ) San dima ! o cg v4 86 ted ( v.o . where we goin ' ?! bill ( v.0 . ) beat I ! . ext . vienna STREET - day the booth crash before a sign which read " S. freud . " after a moment -- sigmund freud open the door and gaze out at the odd sight before he . Ted stick he head out of the booth . ted how 's it goin ' , frood-dude ? billy the kid lassoe Freud and pull he into the booth . freud ( to himself ) this must be a dream . Bill dial the number and music continue over the follow : - in medieval mongolia the booth crash down next to genghis khan . the ancient mongolian warrior look at the booth for a moment before a hand , hold a twinkie , reach out . as Khan reach for the twinkie , he be yank inside and we : cut to : FRANCE where joan of arc be in the middle of a battle when a crowded phone booth drop right in front she . the door open and we : cuT to : a crowded concert hall where ludwig van beethoven be conduct he ninth symphony when the phone booth crash into the orchestra pit . Ted stick he head out , grab Beethoven 's hair , and we : cur to : the white house where abraham lincoln be sit in the oval office when genghis Khan burst through the door , grab he , and carry he over to the await phone booth . Khan lift he above he head and jam he into the top corner of the jam -pack booth , and we : CUT back to : the circuit of time darkness . silence . suddenly we hear voice and : the phone booth barrel past camera lengthwise , like a incredibly fast canoe . - the historical figure sit inside the booth like twelve year old on a roller coaster . some be terrify and scream . other ( the more " experience " time traveler ) hold eae arm upin the air and whoop and holier , rill . moving with bill and ted as they sit in the back of the speed booth , try to speak over the incredible din . ted ( lock at watch ) we get plently of time , but we do not get any more room , dude ! bill ( nod ) the next place we stop , we better try and figure out what 's wrong with the booth . Ted nod , then notice the break antenna , which now have spark pour off it . he tap Bill on the shoulder . ted dude . I think I get a idea what 's wrong . Bill look back and as the booth shoot through a 360 degree " loop " and dive out of frame , we : cuT to : '' } Z $ 8 ext . prehistoric marsh - day foggy , misty , dank . a pterodactyl screech by as we hear : ted ( 0.s. ) okay , here be a treat to make we minor prehistoric pit-stop a bit more enjoyable . camera pan to the historical figure , sit on a fell tree at the edge of the marsh . Ted , the '' de mother " of the group , be pull hunt pudd cup out of he rucksack and hand they out . he pick up a clipboard . ted okay . please raise you hand when I call out you name . pronounce most of the follow incorrectly : ted abraham lincoln . lincoln raise he hand , then go back to he pudd Cup . ted so-crate . Joan of arc. sigmund Freud . they all raise they hand . ted Beethoven . ( beat ) Beethoven ? billy the kid nudge Beethoven , who look up and raise he hand . next to he , sigmund Freud be open a pudd Cup . he be about to lick the lid when -- ted ( see he ) sigmund Freud ! do not lick the lid of the pudd Cup ! but Freud do anyhow , and wince . ted I tell you not to . everyone ! do not lick the lid ! another angle genghis Khan be elbow abraham lincoln , try to make more room for himself . ted genghis Khan ! abe lincoln ! that 's funny until someone get hurt ! but genghis Khan and lincoln keep horsing around . so Ted call over toward -- bill who be sit on top of the phone booth , fiddling with the break antenna . ted ( 0.s. ) Bill , they will not stop roughhouse . Bill , the disgruntled " father , " sigh and look over he shoulder -- bill do I have to come over there and make you guy stop ? the group quiet down . Ted be about to return to he own pudd Cup when he look up and notice that a huge brontosaurus ' head have entered frame and be look at he . Ted look at the brontosaurus , shrug , and hand the dinosaur he pudd Cup . ted here you go , dude . enjoy it . soon you will be estinct . the dinosaur take the pudd Cup and retreat out of frame . then Ted look up , remember something . os ob a 79 - bill ( call ) qh! and do not lick the -- we hear the dinosaur screech . meanwhile -- bill be try to bend the break antenna back into place when it break off in he hand . he look at the break antenna . bill uh oh . a moment later - the historical figure be all gather around the booth , chew bubble gum . bill ( 0.s. ) okay . ready . each figure spit out he gum and hand it up to : bill on top of the booth . ted I sure hope this work ... a moment later Bill , Ted and the historical figure stand , impressed , check out the result of Bill 's handiwork : reverse angle ~ on top of the booth be a new , makeshift antenna , construct out of empty pudd Cup container , and hold together with bubble gum . ted excellent work . bill we be outta here , dude ! int . booth - a moment later the disgruntled figure have pile back into the boot ) Bill dial , Ted peer hopefully up at the antenna . we hear heavy metal music . the pudd Cup antenna ne 71 ted I think it 's workin ' , dude ! there be a blue flash , the ground open with a whoosh and the phone booth disappear . hold a beat , then pan to : the brontosaurus chew a immense wad of bubble gum . a huge pink bubble be blow , and then pop on he face and we : cut to : ext . circuit of time the booth shoot past camera and we : cuT to : ext . 7/11 - night in a flash , the sky open and the phone booth ( accompany by a gust of primeval fog ) appear and drop into the parking lot . the guy be elate ! : ted we make it ! ( look at he watch ) and we still get plenty of time ! the guy high - five each other . the historical figure do the same . then , peer through the glass , Ted notice that -- directly in front of they - across the parking lot be another bill and ted -- identical in every way -- stand in front of the store next to rufus and another identical phone booth . ( we will call this guy first bill and ted . ) bill and ted be completely blow away ! 72 o rep hey , that 's we ! we be back in San dima ! bill yah -- ' cept , I dunno what 's ' wrong , cause I dial now , but I think we land at last night . ted yah , I remember this ... only fron over there . bill yah -- only then , that we be we , and this we be they . now , that we be they , and this we be we . they look at each other , utterly confuse . ted Bill . we be in the middle of ~ a most unusual adventure . Bill nod . then : ted dude . bill what ? ted let 's go talk to ourselves ! bill excellent ! ted what would we say , anyways ? bill I do not remember -- let 's find out ! AIR guitar as they burst out of the phone booth and dash : over toward first Bill and Ted , stop directly in front i of they . bill ; dude ! you guy be gonna go - back in time ! 73 ted yah ! you be go to have a most excellent adventure through history ! first Bill and Ted be shocked . first bill who be you guy ? ted we be you , dude ! first ted no way . no way . ted yes way , ted. bill we know how you feel -- we do not believe it when we be you and we we say what we we be say right now . first ted ( skeptical ) okay . wait . if you be really I , what number be we think of ? bill and ted sixty -nine , dude ! beat . first Bill and Ted gape at each other , amaze . then they turn to Bill and Ted . all four crack up at the implication of this number , give each other high - fives and thumb up . then : bill listen dude , we have to go . ted yah . we gotta get back to the history report . as Bill and Ted start off , they notice rufus , who have be watch all this from the other booth . ted rufus !! 74 C ) bill oh ! Bill and Ted -- listen to this dude rufus . he know what he 's talk about . ted yah . and Ted -- give my love to the princess . first ted who ? ted ( smile slyly ) - you will see . another angle as Bill and Ted turn and head back to the phone booth , they be join by rufus . rufus everything alright , gentleman ? rie . bill ( es yah , except -- how come the number we dial for San dima uw bring we here , instead of to tomorrow , rufus ? rufus Cause in San dima it be tomorrow , William . you have to dial one number higher . the guy enter the booth . bill oh , yah . thanks , rufus ! as they be about to close the door : rufus and gentleman -- you better hurry . you do not have much time . ted - ( look at he i ) watch ) id what do you mean , rufus ? we get six hour , 78 rufus ( shake he head ) you have get sixty minute . Bill lcook over at Ted 's watch and roll he eye . bill Ted ! you forget to wind you watch again !! ( shake he head ) and after you remind yourself not to ... ted I better remind myself again . ( call outside ) Ted ! do not forget to wind you watch ! Bill dial , and the booth begin to glow . bill / ted , thanks rufus ! ( to first Bill and Ted ) catch ya later , Bill and Ted ! the ground whooshes open and -- ext 7/11 the phone booth disappear . hold on first Bill and Ted , who stare , amaze , as rufus rejoin they , then : cut to : the circuit of time where the booth sail by incredibly fast , look about ready to fall apart . ted ( v.0 . ) hold on , dude ! - - bill ( v.0 . ) just a little further ! the booth run a chute , dive down a steep incline , and then , as it tear around a sharp curve -- '' / 76 the door fly opain , cause -- everyone in the booth to be hurl out into the circuit ! voice whooooaaaaaaa ! !!!!!! the historical 1 figure slide through the tube , in the ultimate thrill ride , and , as they shoot down out of frame , follow by the phone booth , we : cuT to : ext . bill backyard - day missy be water some flower and listen to a walkman when we hear ( but she do not ) : voice ( approach from above ) whoaa !! it 's you house , dude ! I can totally see down she top ! etc. and then , one by one -- the historical figure begin drop from the sky and landing around the yard : -- abraham lincoln land , head first , in the juniper . -- julius caesar land at the top of the pool slide and slide into the water . -- genghis Khan land perfectly in a deck chair and cross he leg . -- Joan of Arc land and spin around in a hammock . -- John the serf land on the diving board , do a perfect double - ~flip , and then land on caesar 's shoulder in the pool . -- socrate fall into the chimney , he robe rip and stay at the top as he plummet into the fireplace . -- billy the kid drop through a basketball hoop and land in a garbage can . o 77 -- Beethoven be catch on the tv antenna and dangle there . and finally : -- sigmund Freud bounce off the telephone wire , hit the diving board , flip backwards onto a air mattress , bounce up onto the roof , tumble down onto a teeter - totter , be flung onto a telephone pole , and finally drop into a wheelbarrow , which dump he on the garden hose , cut off missy 's water flow and cause : missy to turn around , just in time to see : bill and ted drop into frame , landing on they foot right in front of she . missy remove she walkman . missy hi guy . bill hi missy , I mean , Mom . the phone booth land with a crash right next to the guy . missy look at it . missy that 's odd . another angle missy notice the bizarre assortment of historical figure , who be variously climb out of the pool , pull themselves out of the bush , hoist themselves out of the garbage , etc . ted ( quickly ) uh , Mrs. Smith , we would like you to meet some friend of ours . as the figure congregate before they : bill - uh , yah ... this be , uh ... Mike caesar and Dave Beethoven , and maxine of Arc , and , uh ... Bill look to Ted for help . 78 ted ++. so-crate Johnson , and Bob genghis Khan , and ... ( shrug ; give up ) abraham lincoln . missy it 's nice to meet you all . there 's coke in the fridge . and she turn back to she water . bill uh , Mom . can you please give use a ride someplace ? missy turn back to Bill . she set down the hose and sigh . what she 's about to do be not easy for she . missy not until you do you chore , Bill . . ' bill what !? missy you father and I talk , and we decide we have be tog lenient with you . bill but I gotta do a history report ! missy ( turn away ) sorry , billi . I can not take you anywhere until you do you chore . Bill be flabbergasted . he look at Ted 's watch . bill dude -- how be we gonna get all that chore do in time ? CUT to : a vacuum cleaner move across the live room carpet . pan up to reveal sigmund Freud , who be push it around a couch . 79 Bill enter frame and hand Freud a attachment to do corner . Freud take it and Bill cross to : a window where ludwig van Beethoven be spraying windex onto the glass . Bill neds , give he the " okay " sign . Beethoven smile pleased . meanwhile -- in the kitchen Ted wash dish and hand they to Joan of Arc , who dry they . suddenly , Joan be strike by she own reflection ina plate . joan of arc ( in french ) I can see myself . ted onod proudly ) modern detergent be most excellent . Ted leave Joan of be and poke he head into -- the laundry room where abraham lincoln be fold laundry , currently struggle with a full - size sheet . Ted grab two of the sheet corner . ted here you go , abraham lincoln . after help lincoln , Ted cross to -- genghis khan who be irone socrate ' freshly clean toga . socrate stand nearby in a pair of Bill 's boxer . ted . exce. leat boxer , so-crate . areful , genghis Khan . that iron 's hot . genghis Khan run the iron over he hand . genghis khan bogus . '' ‘o 30 we hear a sputtering sound outside and Ted look out a window toward -- the back yard where julius caesar be be drag around the lawn by the out -of- control lawnmower . he spin past the batter phone booth , then past : . JOHN the serf who be skim leave off the top of the pool with a net . as John bend down to check the chlorine level , we be back in : the live room where sigmund Freud be now roll around on he back , struggle to pull the squealing vaccuum cleaner off he beard . billi , look at the clock , enter frame and click the vacuum cleaner off . bill good work , sigmund freud. {to Beethoven ) miss a spot . ( then ) get it . and Freud and Beethoven follow Bill into -- the kitchen where Joan of Arc , who have dry off the dish , be now sip coffee while she watch a soap opera on tv . she get up and follow Bill , Freud , and Beethoven into : the laundry room where lincoln and genghis Khan be help socrate into he newly - press toga . they all turn as -- ted , julius caesar , and JOHN the serf enter from outside , smile proudly . everybody ( in unison ) done . cuT to : the driveway - a minute later the historical figure pile into missy 's station wagon . sigmund Freud and abraham lincoln argue over who get to sit in the front seat . : bill sigmund Freud , you sit in back . abe lincoln have longer leg . second later the door all slam shut . missy where to , guy ? the car take off , and we : cut to : int . san dima mall - establishing shot a escalator deposit customer on the top level of the mall . bill ( v.0 . ) okay . this be the San dima mall and this be where people of 1987 hang out . Bill and Ted rise into frame , follow by the historical figure , who look back at the escalator in amazement . at the '' INTERNATIONAL kitchen " Bill and Ted have seat the bewilder figure around a large table . Ted deposit slurpee in front of they while Bill address the group . bill look around so you can talk about it at the report . Ted and I will be right back , as soon as we find napoleon . ( to Ted ) let 's go , dude . we do not get much time . as Bill and Ted rush off , we hold for a.moment on the historical figure , then : we nm shift to : wider shot the figure remain cluster at they table , unsure as to what to do . . a few kid walk by . some parent too . muzak play . the figure look around the mall . they look at each other . they sip they slurpee and we : CUT to : int . school auditorium - another group of " figure " -- this one comprise of 16 - year-old in ill-fitting jacket , cardboard hat , wrap -around sheet , etc . -- prepare for they report . another angle randolf , ox , buffy and jodie be dress in they relatively impressive " lincoln , " " socrate , " '' Marie antoinette , " and " Joan of Arc " costume . they all look supremely confident . the gather audience , which include student , parent , and faculty , watch the first speaker , a falter " napoleon , " on stage . mr. ryan survey the room . he look over at -- a sign -in sheet which list , next to student 's name , they assign time - slot . next to Bill 's and Ted 's name be list " 2:45 . " then Ryan look up at -- the clock which read 2:10 . ext . leopold lamont elementary school - same Bill and Ted , stupefy , stand over deacon , Kerry , and daphne . '' _/ bill you ditch napoleon ?? deacon shrug . Kerry and daphne giggle . ted deacon , do you realize that you have strand one of Europe 's great leader in San dima ?! deacon he be a dick . Ted look at Bill , perplex . ted how be we gonna find he ? bill ( think out loud ) okay , wait . if we be one of the great general in european history and we be strand in San dima for one day , where would we go ? '' beat . the guy look at each other . bill / ted ragi Waters !! AIR guitar and we : cut to : ext . raging water amusement park a pan down from the main sign reveal a bunch of kide , all between the age of eight and ten , line up outside the park . a mother count head . mother ' Three ...five ...eight ...ten ... eleven .... --- eleven ? she shrug and turn to the ticket window . mother eleven child , please . | o 84 and as the group move through the turnstile , we see that : napoleon tire , dirty , and disorient , have wander into the group of child and be now be funnel into the amusement park with they . inside the park ~ moment later the child , in they bathing suit , be line up to go down the slide . they scoot down , one by one , laugh and yell . ' then -- napoleon , in a ill-fitting bathing suit , step up to the slide and look down . he stand freeze with terror as the attendant step up behind he . attendant c'mon , buddy . you be hold up the line . and he give napoleon a push , send he fly down -- the slide on he belly , head first , eye wide open . at the bottom of the slide napoleon land with a splash and disappear under the water . we hold for a beat , until -- he resurface , a amaze and excited grin on he face . he shake he head and look around . he like this . napoleon {to himself ) bon. tres , tre bon ! and as he jump out of the pool , run after the other kid , -- napoleon attendez ! attendez ! CUT to : a quick series of shot in which napoleon ride all the slide . he go down on he back , on he butt , on he stomach . re even '' race " some of the other kit é¢rum . 0 85 we finish with a flurry of shot of napoleon landing in the pool at the bottom of the slide -- splash , splash , splash -- and , as he pop out of the water for the third time -- : , four hand reach into frame and pull he out . pull back to reveal Bill and Ted , who dry off the reluctant napoleon and lead he toward missy and the await station wagon . bill c'mon , napoleon , everybody 's waitin ' for we at the mall . smash CUT to : int . mall - '' INTERNATIONAL kitchen " the figure ' table be empty . hold for a beat on the empty cup and crumpled napkin . then we hear the open note of beethoven' fifth symphony , and we : CUT to : close shot : beethoven' hand which come down on the keyboard of a ultra-modern synthesizer . a wider shot reveal that we be in a music store . a cheesy salesman approach Beethoven . salesman you a musician ? ( beat ) here . try this . the salesman reach over the keyboard and push a button label '' rock and roll . " the tempo change . Beethoven 's eye widen . and as he continue to play , over the following , we : cut to : 86 o the front of a movie theater where ' billy the kid and John the serf be hit on two 14 - year - old girl . ( John the serf be now wear a " I ' heart ' San dima " t-shirt . ) billy the kid ( to the girl ) I be billy and this be John . I be a outlaw . JOHN the serf ( brag ) and I own land . the girl giggle , especially when -- sigmund freud , eat a hot doq on a stick , join they . freud ( to the girl ) hi , I be sigmund Freud . the girl giggle some more . s= freud ( stroking he goatee ) you both seem to be suffer from a mild form of hysteria . girl # 1 {to Freud ) you geek . and the girl get up and leave . billy the kid glare at Freud . billy the kid Way to go , egghead . billy the kid and John the serf take off after the girl , leave -- . | freud | alone in front of the movie theater . he take a bite from | . he hot Dog , . spilling mustard on he beard . as he turn to . walk away , we see that someone have tape a " kick I " sign / onto the back of he pants . | . meanwhile -- 87 on the main floor - at a " caricature booth " joan of arc be watch a cheesy caricaturist do a ridiculous " portrait " of julius caesar . ( the draw depict a large - nose caesar on a surfboard , with the name '' julius " broadly write across it . ) caricaturist {to caesar ) you get what I call a '' Roman nose . " see ? Joan of Arc 's attention be divert by a couple of beefy men , who walk past she and enter a health club . int . " beautiful body " health club Joan of Arc enter behind the two man , intrigue . she walk into -- a weight room and observe sweaty , scantily - clad man and woman strapped into nautilus machine , riding " lifeclest , " and liftin barbelis . , this scare she . : she turn , and exit onto -- a aerobics floor where a class be in mid-session . the instructor step up behind the dumbfounded Joan . instructor hey , loosen up . life can not be that serious . and as the instructor begin to pummel Joan 's shoulder , we : cuT to : a row of public phone where socrates be stare , transfix , at a teenaged girl who be talk into one of the phone . wo teenaged girl ( into phone ; be : socrate ) Sandy , I be serious . this mega-grimster be totally scorching I . socrate , confuse by this , pick up another phone and begin imitate the girl . socrates {into phone ) sannieree . isega grimsoto scorcheemee , a beat . the girl stare at socrate and -- -- a flash go off as : in a '' old time photo shop " ~- abe lincoln be photograph by a skittish , overweight high school kid . photographer okay . um , I need the lincoln hat and the stupid beard back . lincoln I be abraham lincoln . photographer yeah , right . ha ha ha . c'mon , mister . lincoln yelp as the boy tug at he beard . a tussle ensue , and lincoln break free , run out into -- the mall where he run into genghis khan . the photographer run out after lincoln , but retreat , terrify , when genghis Khan raise he club and growl at he . lincoln ( to Khan ) thanks . khan brushes it off with a casual grunt , then turn and enter : a sporting good store 89 where he be draw to a row of aluminum baseball bat . he pick one up , favorably compare it to he wooden club . then , he look behind he , startle . a reverse angle reveal a mannequin of a baseball player , he bat poise , ready to swing . khan cock he bat and , with a savage yell , knock the mannequin 's head off . behind he , two security guard rush into the store , and , as -- beethoven rock away on he pifth symphony , a crowd now gather around he in the music store , we : cuT to : ext . san dima STREET - same the station wagon screech around a corner , en route back to the mall . : int . station wagon Ted , take note , be question napoleon , who sit between he and Bill . napoleon look very relaxed ; he face be sunburn , he hair be slicked back , and he wear a thick white layer of " nose - kote " . Ted point to napoleon 's " I made_a pig of myself at farrell " button , ted okay , so you do not like farrelis , right ? napoleon shake he head . Ted pantomime bowl . ted and you do not like bowl , either ? napoleon shake he head even more vigorously . ted but you do like rage Waters ? cy 30 napoleon nod , smile wroadly . Ted note this and turn to Bill . ted — what time be it , dude ? bill two twenty -one . ext , san dima STREET - the station wagon shoot past the police station . int . police station - captain william pick up the ringing telephone . captain william this be Captain Williams . ( beat ) what ?? smash CUT back to : int . mall - beethoven now play the synthesizer like a man possess . he crank the volume up even louder and we : cuT to : the aerobics room where Joan of Arc , do the fiercest aerobics routine imaginable , have replace the aerobics instructor and be now iead the class . in a ear piercing kiosk - lincoln and freud crouch behind the counter , hide from two teenage security guard . Freud look over at lincoln . freud you be a very great man . . lincoln thank you . beat . Freud look at lincoln , expectantly . lincoln I do not know who you be , but I expect that you be too . freud thank you . Freud turn and lincoln see the " kick I " sign on he rear . lincoln shrug , then kick he . Freud be about to protest when -- lincoln spot a security guard approach and the two man dash -- across the mall where they attempt to escape the Security Guards by run up the down escalator , thus cause a massive pile -up . meanwhile , directly behind they -- in big & sporting good - genghis khan ward off more Security Guards with bowl ball , box . glove , and tennis racket . finally , he jump onto a trampoline and bound out onto -- the mall floor just as billy the kid and John the serf rush by . billy the kid ( gun in air ) yeee -hawwwww ! !! JOHN the serf ( squirt gun in air ) yeee - hawwwww !!! genghis khan ( bat in air ) yeee - hawwwww !!! the three figure look at each other , do a ferocious AIR guitar , and run out of frame just as , behind they -- the glass elevator open , revealing socrate , who study the chaotic situation briefly , push the '' up " button and rise out of frame . in the music store - beethoven pound fiercely on the keyboard , every button and knob now cranke to the max . a Security Guard try to pull he away from the synthesizer , and as the music thunder toward its climax -- lincoln and freud be grab on the escalator , and -- julius caesar be apprehend in mcdonaldland , and -- joan of arc be - ' cornere in a racketball court , and -- billy the kid , JOHN the serf , and genghis khan rush onto a Ice skate rink , slide lamely toward more security guard and -- socrates rise into frame in the elevator , step off right into the grip of another guard . . then , as -- beethoven Hit the final , resounding note of he symphony and be yank away -- -- we hear lot of siren approaching and we : cut to : ext , mall - moment later the handcuff historical figure be be lead out of the mall and into await police car . nearby -- captain william survey the scene , walkie-talkie in hand , as the last figure , abraham lincoln , be load in . captain william let 's get this crazy out of here . with a the line of police car with the dumbfounded historical figure peer out the window take off . a moment later -- the station wagon screech into the lot and pull to a stop . Bill and Ted jump out , spot the depart caravan of police car . bill oh no ... ted what be we gonna do now , dude ? we only get a few minute leave ! cur to : int . school auditorium ox , as " socrate " be address the audience . he read from a cheat sheet under he toga . ox .. , everything be different , but the same . thing be moderner than before ... ryan watch . behind he , the clock read 2:32 . meanwhile -- in the police station A. " flash " go off as socrate ' " mug shot " be take . then he be shove into a nearby cell with John the serf as Beethoven be bring in to be photograph . across the way be Joan of Arc , in a hold cell , with a bunch of prostitute and bag. lady . a wider shot reveal that we be in the back room of the hectic , buzzing Police Station . historical figure be be book , photograph , print , and lock up . camera begins pulling back through the confusion and soon we be ina -- 34 uy questioning room where we catch a snippet of conversation between a policeman ( officer jame ) and abraham lincoln . officer jame name ? lincoln abraham lincoln . officer jame birthday , Mr. lincoln ? lincoln February 12 , 1809 . continue pulling back , to -- another desk where sigmund Freud be be question by a psychiatrist . psychiatrist why do you claim to be sigmund Freud ? freud why do you claim I be not sigmund Freud ? psychiatrist why do you keep ask I question ? Freud smile and stroke he goatee . freud tell I about you mother . continue pulling back , to -- a line - up room where genghis Khan be line up next to three other savage - look punk . a employee from the Big 5 point to Khan as we -- ( . continue pulling back , to the -- front room where Captain Williams be with the last historical figure , billy the kid . will wa captain william empty you pocket . billy the kid pull chew tobacco , bullet , and 19th century money out of he pocket . captain william get any id ? biliy pull out a " wanted " poster and proudly unroll it . captain william ( unimpress ) anything else ? billy the kid shrug and pull out a pudd Cup as we -- continue pulling back , through the main door , and out into the station 's -- parking lot where , after a moment , the station wagon whip in and é . screech to a halt . Bill and Ted jump out . : bill — you go inside and talk to you dad . I be gonna scope the place out . missy , I mean , Mom , please watch napoleon . napoleon smile coyly at missy as Ted rush inside -- the station where he dash over to he father . ted dad -- ! Captain Williams look at Ted , feed up . captain william pack you bag , Ted . : ted what ? a captain william you be go to military school , Ted . o na , 96 ted but , dad -- ! captain william i_do not want to hear it , Ted . ted but -- ! captain william Ted . go home and pack you bag . now . Captain Williams usher Ted toward the door ( above which a clock read 2:37 ) , and force he -- outside where the door close behind he . Bill rush up . beat . bill how would it go ? ted bad . we historical figure be all lock up and my dad will not let ‘em out . bill if only we have you dad 's key . ted we could steal them , but he lose them two day ago . bill if only we could go back in time to when he have ‘em , and steal ‘em then . ted well , why can not we ? bill Cause we do not get time . ted we could do it after the report . Bill 's eye light up . o 37 bill Ted ! good thinkin ' , dude ! after we do the report , we will time travel back to two day ago , steal you dad 's key and leave they here ... ted where ? bill I dunno ... ( point ) ...how about by that tree ? the guy run to a nearby tree as Bill continue : bill that way , when we get here now , they will be wait for we . he look behind the tree , sure enough , a set of keys be tie in the grass . Bill proudly pick it up . bill see !? ted whoa ! yah ! so after the report , we can not forget to do it -- otherwise this will not happen . ( beat ) but it .did happen ! hey ! it be I who ' stole my dad 's key ! bill exactly , ted. ( look at the watch ) C 'mon dude ! we get some historical figure to rescue ! and the two of they sprint toward the Police Station door , stop at the top ef the stair to look back at -- the station wagon where napoleon be still smile at missy , casually attempt to put he arm around she by fake a yawn . 93 bill missy , I mean , Mom , will you please bring the car around back ? : missy nod and start the car as the guy head into -- the station where they enter the front room , and crouch near the wall , out of view of Captain Williams . ted how be we gonna get past my dad , dude ? bill ( think ; then ) do you get a tape recorder at home ? ted yah . bill okay . we gotta remember to get the tape recorder , and set a timer on it for ... Bill look up at a clock . it read " 2:39 . " bill +2+2:39 . get it ? ted ( concentrate ) get it . what should I say on it ? we begin to hear ted' voice emanate from a adjacent room . ted' voice ( 0.s. ) dad ! hey dad ! I be over here ! bill and ted look at each other , grin , do a silent AIR guitar , and , as : captain william leave he desk and move toward he son 's voice -- o 9s captain william Ted ? bill and ted quietly crawl past , sneaking into -- the next room where they stop in front of officer jame , who look up from he desk , recognize Ted . officer jame oh -- hello , Ted . I be sorry , but I can not let you back here . ted that 's okay , Officer James . oh , hey , how come there 's a picture of motley crue in with you family portrait ? . Officer James look at the photo on he desk where , sure enough , between the family portrait and the glass frame be a photograph of the four snarling , devilish member of motley crue . . officer jame well , how do ...? and as Officer James try to pry the unwanted photo out of the picture frame -- bill and ted sneak past he desk . bill ( sotto ) you get that ? ted of course I get that -- it be my idea . . bill whoa -- watch it , dude . Bill point to a officer -- officer ched . but Ted brushes it off . ted oh , he 's okay . he 's my buddy . officer ched onotice they ; friendly ) hi , ted. : ted hi , Officer ched . the guy walk past he and ched go back to he work . ted ( sotto ; to Bill ) remind I to do something nice for he . as Bill and Ted pass , Officer ched open a desk drawer and , much to he delight , pull out a pudding cup and a spoon . officer ched ( pleasantly surprised ) hey ... a pudding cup . he smile as he crack it open . meanwhile -- ww bill and ted be now crawl toward the back room . . ted dude ! check it out ! Ted point to the side of a desk , where the " wyld stallyn " insignia have be draw . under it be a note . bill ( read ) '' dear Bill and Ted . good luck on the report . sincerely , Bill S. Smith , esquire , and Ted " Theodore " Williams . " ted that be nice of we . Bill look closely at the note , notice a addendum . bill whoa -- look. ( read ) " p.s. duck . '' 191 the guy du , just in time to see -- officer logan walk past , eye narrow suspiciously . he continue on , out of the room . the guy breath a sigh of relief and check the " coast " . bill I think we be all clear . ted let 's go , dude ! the guy hurry across the floor toward -- the cell where the historical figure -- mix in with bum , derelict and hooker -- all perk up when they see -- bill and ted grandly crossing toward they with the key . Ted move to the back window while Bill begin to open the cell door . meanwhile -- in the front room Captain Williams have finally spot the jabber tape recorder . ted' voice -.- mow that you be finally listen to I , dad -- Captain Williams furiously turn the recorder off . all of a sudden it come up again . ted' voice -- there 's something I want to tell you . Captain Williams spot a second tape recorder , place a couple of foot away . ted' voice ( continue ) I be not a failure , dad . I be not ignorant . I be not selfish , and I be not -- '' . as Captain Williams reach for the recorder : ted' voice ( continue ) dad ! do not turn this off ! I be not do ! but Williams turn the machine off . Ted 's voice resume yet again , from a third tape recorder : ted' voice I tell you not to turn it off . dad. listen : I be gonna pass the test . and we be gonna start we band . Williams , livid , turn and storm back into the station . hold on tape recorder which continue run : bill voice Way to go , Ted . we stall hin . ted' voice what else do I say ? a beat , then : ted' voice ( deep , airy ) +.eand now , open for Iron maiden ... both voice wyld staliyn !! AIR guitar as the tape run cut . at the cell the historical figure be now crowded by the open window . bill . ( to Ted ) : be the ladder ready ? ted ( look out the window ) there be no ladder . bill do not tell I we forget the ladder ! ted _ ( pound he head ) remember the ladder . remember the ladder . remem -- bill ( interrupt ) Ted -- it do not matter . if it 's not there now , we be not gonna do it , so you do not gotta remember . ted I do not gotta remember ? excellent ! Ted do AIR guitar as Bill turn to the historical figure . bill great people , as time be of the essence , I must ask that you all work together so we can get down to the car . billy the kid , please show the other how to make a human ladder . as billy the kid start to climb out the window , we : cut to : captain william / stride through the station toward : | the back where Bill be give a '' boost " to the final historical figure -- sigmund Freud -- when Ted turn around and freeze , see : { captain william ~ ( enter ; livid ) Ted . just what in the heil do you --?? ed oc 104 ted {to himself ) bucket . remember a bucket . captain william bucket ?? what be -- ?? just_then a bucket drop down onto Williams ' head with a clang . ( on the front of the bucket be the word : '' wyld stallyn rule " . ) Williams stagger around , try to remove the bucket from he head , hollow curse ringing from within . ted sorry , dad , but we gotta get to we History report . about to leave , Ted turn back . ted oh -- I find you key . and as Ted place Captain Williams ' key on top of the bucket and turn toward the window , we : cuut to : the school auditorium where randolf , as '' abe lincoln , " be just finish he speech . the clock behind he read " 2:44 . " randolf ..- and so , in conelusion , I find that San dima ... be a nice place to visit , but I ' would not want to live here . randolf smile as the audience applaud . mr. ryan scratch Bill and Ted 's name off the sign - in sheet . he shake he head and cross to -- the front of the auditorium where he give a supportive nod to the gloat randolf and step up to the podium . j ryan good report , randolf . good work , class . ( to the audience ) since we be short one report , we will be finish a little early today . I hope this be as valuable and informative for all of you as it be for we . behind Ryan , the clock near 2:45 . then Ryan gather he papers and step down from the podium and -- in the auditorium the audience and student stand and be beginning to mill about when -- -- there be the SOUND of a huge crash outside . tire screeching , trash can tumble , voice yell ... ext . high school the car skid to a halt in front of the school . Bill jump out and fling open the door . bill thanks for the ride , Mom . as the excited historical figure begin to file out and mingle around , Bill dart toward the auditorium . Ted join the historical figure and begin organize they , like a first grade teacher , and we : curt to : int . auditorium student , parent , and faculty member look around . then -- just_as the clock hit 2:45 °-- bill -- burst inside , out of breath . all head turn toward he as he collect himself and face Mr. Ryan . o so in the auditorium there be nervous laughter and whisper . bill Mr. Ryan , we be ready with we report . mr . ryan Bill , I think you should go see the principal . bill ( emphatic ) Mr. Ryan , we have we report . snicker from - randolf and ox . people slowly start to sit , amused and curious . mr . ryan ( sigh ) okay , Bill ... where be it ? Bill clear he throat and gesture grandly toward the door . bill : my distinguished colleague , Ted " Theodore " Williams , esquire , will now bring in we report . beat . outside the auditorium Ted move down the line of historical figure , give they each a final look . he smooth down genghis Khan 's hair , straighten lincoln 's coat , pick a bit of hot dog out of Freud 's beard . Freud whisper something to Ted . ted : ( reassure ) yes , sigmund Freud , you look very nice . inside Bill , still gesture to the door , be beginning to feel a bit uneasy . o 107 people begin to giggle . Ryan shake he head . randolf and ox smirk . bill . ( yell ) Ted ! and finally -~- the door qpen , and ted proudly enter . ted - ( grandly ) lady and gentleman of History . please come in , single file , in chronological order . then , Ted motion to the door and : in the auditorium there be utter silence as -- -- the historical figure begin to file in . every jaw in the class , include Mr. Ryan 's , drop , as abraham lincoln , sigmund Freud , napoleon bonaparte , and all the other great historical figure , lead by billa and Ted , parade down the aisle . — ee _ oe some of the student look down at they own makeshift costume as : the true historical personage grandly march past they , form a line at the front of the auditorium . on stage ~- bill and ted proudly step up to the podium and face the audience . Bill nod to Ted , who step . forward . . 108 ted Mr. Ryan , teacher , fellow distinguished classmate ... it be indeed a pleasure to introduce to you , to tell we what they think of San dima , the San dima mall , rage Waters , and other element of modern life ... some of the ' greatest human being who have ever live . and on the pack audience 's absolute astonishment , we slowly : dissolve to : the report - a brief montage the follow should flow together and overlap fluidly : -- a selection of historical figure address the class . some use the chalkboard , other be soft speak , yet other gesticulate wildly and thrash about . that who can , speak English . +- Joan of be speak quietly in french . Bill stand beside she , coax she along . -- Freud hold a hot -dog-on-a-stick , pontificate grandly . abe lincoln read from he gettysburg address envelope . julius caesar , surprisingly — — ~ nervous , can not think of anything to say . some of the other figure laugh at he . -- in line , genghis Khan try to cut in front of lincoln , but be rebuffe . as it go on , the report become more and more of a " discussion . " the figure agree , disagree , urge each other on , interject respectfully , etc . most seem to be enjoy themselves . some open pudd cup , ding dong , etc . and by now , the room be jamme with literally hundred of people , all of whom watch in total , awed silence , as : napoleon of tan and smile , come to the end of a animated account '' ) of he adventure at rage Waters . he finish , and Ted lead he back into the line . ne 109 the audience continue to watch in total , stunne silence . Mr. Ryan 's jaw hang open . randolf and ox stare , awed and humble . captain william rushes in , stop in he track when he see : bill and ted in total control of the rapt crowd . Ted step out for the final introduction . ted and now , we last speaker -- one of the great president in american history ... Mr. abraham lincoln . lincoln step out of line and move toward the podium where , with a supportive nod from Bill and Ted , he turn toward the audience . lincoln : on behalf of my colleague , I would like to say thank you to Bill and Ted , for this wonderful adventure . Bill and Ted beam as the historical figure all nod assent . lincoln and , I would like to close with what I feel be a fitting coda to all that you have just hear . lincoln look to Bill and Ted , who grin proudly . lincoln ( beat ) be excellent to each other , and ... Party on , dude . hold for a moment on the silent , awestruck audience , and then : smash CUT to : o 110 int . san dima high gym - that evening the prom be in full swing , the gym deck out with flower , banner , and romantic lighting . couple in formal dress dance to rock and roll music . ext . gym it 's about seven p.m. and the sunset sky be a beautiful deep blue . after a beat , we hear music , the sky open , and , along with some miscellaneous debris from history -- the . phone booth appear and drop right in front of the gym . the booth , char and blacken , appear to be on its last leg . its makeshift pudd Cup antenna look about ready to fall off . bill and ted wear tuxedo , they boxer come out the back , step out of the booth . they look tired and weary . bill do we put everything in the right place at the police station ? . ted yah , I think so . ( beat ) we forget the ladder ... bill that 's okay . good work anyhow . Bill look at Ted , who be now stare at one of the several couple pass by on they way into the gym . ted we travel through time , we meet lot of great leader , we get a a + in History , we break the guinness Book of World recerd for most people ina phone booth ... and we still do not have prom date . bill sorry , dude . we look all ever England for they , but they be not there . but Ted 's still down . Bill attempt to cheer he up : bill hey , at least we can get go with the band now . ted yah , I guess . maybe we should start try to get t-shirt . * bill Ted , before we get t-shirt , we should probably try and line up Eddie Van halen . the guy be about to argue when they stop and look at each other . ted Bill . maybe it 's time we start learn how to play . bill ( beat ; nod ) maybe so , ted. a moment pass . then -- bill c'mon , dude . let 's go inside . the guy move away from the phone booth and be head inside when -- the phone booth disappear . the guy stop and look at each other . ted . dude -- where would it go ? Bill shake he head . then we hear music and the guy ' eye widen as , in a blur of light : the phone booth re- appear , directly in front of they . after a beat , the door to the booth open and rufus emerge . - o rufus greeting , gentleman . Bill and Ted be blow away . ted rufus ! bill I can not believe you be here , dude ! ted yah ! and guess what ? we pass ! rufus ( smile ) excellent work , amigo . Bill and Ted beam proudly . ted so -- be you here to go to the prom with we , rufus ? rufus I be afraid I can not , gentleman . rufus open the door to the phone booth . rufus however ... I know a couple of pretty lady who might -- Bill and Ted gape as -- the princess step out of the booth , look timelessly beautiful . rufus you remember joanna and Elizabeth , do not you ? joanna hello , Ted . elizabeth hello , Bill . the guy be elate . o ted rufus ! bill . the babe ! bill / ted excellent ! AIR guitar as rufus escort each girl to she respective prom date . then : bill rufus , you gotta come in for awhile . it will be most resplendent . rufus can not gentleman . it 's time for I to go home . bill / ted Home ?? rufus ( nod ) San dima . — ( beat ) Seven hundred year from now . Bill and Ted be astound . rufus you guy be there . remember ? bill ( start to put it together ) -.. that desert place ... with the dome ... and the totally excellent music . ted ( also catch on ) . they totally worshipped we there , rufus . a lo rufus gentlemen , they totally worship you everywhere . bill / ted what ?! rufus you know that music you be talk about ? ted yah ! it 's most triumphant . rufus pull a cassette tape out of he pocket and show it to Bill and Ted . bill * so -- who be it ? rufus it 's wyld stallyn . bill / ted what ??77!1 !! close on case show the " wyld stallyn " insignia -- Bill and Ted on rear horse , hold phallic guitar , with joanna and Elizabeth at they side , hold lute . the tape be entitle " Bill and Ted 's excellent adventure . " bill and ted look at each other , excited and amaze . rufus you guy be gonna be the great musical force in the history of this planet . bill we ?! rufus ( nod ) in time , wyld stallyn music be go to bring humanity together and put a end to war , poverty , and famine -- forever . Bill and Ted stare at rufus . oo rufus ( continue ) that 's why I be send to make sure you pass the report . if you would be separate , it might have be disastrous for life as we know it . Long beat . then : bill and ted excellent !! AIR guitar . then : rufus gentlemen , it 's time for I to depart . the guy look at rufus . bill well ... so long , rufus . thanks for everything . ted yah , thanks , rufus . beat . Bill and Ted move to hug rufus , look at each other , then hug he anyway . bill we will never forget you , rufus . ted yah . never . another angle rufus enter the phone booth , close the door , and dial . then he smile , wink , and in a glorious burst of F light , color and music ... rufus be go . we hold on the two happy , wave couple . then Bill and Ted escort the princess toward the door . ext . gym while the girl head inside , Bill and Ted stop in the doorway , look at each other , and smile . ted Bill , my friend ? bill 's yes , Ted , my friend ? ted this have be a most excellent adventure . Bill and Ted raise they right arm aloft and , as they clasp there hand together in undy friendship , we -- freeze frame , and : dissolve to : int . great dome - close on rufus we hear tumultuous applause , and , after a beat , a beautiful , glow , gold medallion be place around rufus 's wyld stallyn music pound as rufus nod and smile , and we pan past the phone booth , and up to -- the two portrait it 's clear now that this be Bill and Ted , wear they black " wyld stallyn " t-shirt . we also see the quote under the portrait . " be excellent to each other " and '' party on , dude " and as we hold on the two portrait with the quote underneath , we : freeze frame . AIR guitar into soundtrack music . fade out . the end