Bill and Ted face the Music by Chris matheson & Ed Solomon July 12 , 2012 first draft over black we hear the voice of a very , very old man : very , very old man ( v.o. ) this be the story of two young man who be give a very , very grave responsibility ... fade up on : documentary footage : close up : video footage of bill and ted , 17 year old , from the beginning of '' excellent adventure . '' bill I be Bill S Preston esquire ! ted and I be Ted '' Theodore '' Logan . and together we be .. bill / ted wyld stallyn !! CUT to : bill and ted at 19 - do they guitar solo at the end of '' bogus journey '' - the super - fast , virtuosic riffing ... shot : people from all over the world , watch . CUT to : not long after that ( circa 1992 ) : Bill and Ted , excited , wide - eye - the picture of youthful optimism . be interview by kurt loder on MTV . kurt loder in other music news .. claim they have be tell by '' a civilization seven hundred year in the future '' that they music will '' do nothing less than save the world .. '' now on MTV we see a photo of bill and ted , age 20 . kurt loder ( cont 'd ) wyld stallyn have just put down a hundred thousand dollar to reserve the famous '' fabulous Forum '' for a date twenty year from now .. CUT to : distant , hand -held video footage of the guy hand a ceremonial 4 foot check to the '' fabulous forum '' book manager . the footage be shaky and distant . 20 year old ted see you all here in twenty year - to celebrate two decade of triumphance ! 20 year old bill how 's it goin’ , future ? see you soon ! 20 year old Bill and Ted turn to each other , do a little air guitar . freeze on that image - and hold , with ominous music . CUT to : the band van halen sammy hagar the only problem be - and it turn out to be a pretty big problem .. eddie van halen they never come up with a song . alex van halen the song , let 's say . not to mention the record . or any record , really . CUT to : the band iron maiden bruce dickenson they get record deal - we know that cuz they pay we a ton to just basically be session guy . '' nicko '' mcbrain but no matter what we play , it be never good enough . bruce dickinson yeah - cuz like , they keep say to we : '' this have to save the world . '' quick shot : jeff beck '' no , Jeff - this have to save the world . '' jimmy page and I remember say : '' guy , it 's a song . " the Beatles do not save the world . mozart do not save the world . eric clapton '' save the world , save the world ... '' clapton roll he eye and make the '' jerk off '' motion . and we CUT to : footage from '' bogus journey : '' Bill and Ted , on stage , with they wife to they side and they baby on they back -- bill ( to crowd ; be he son ) say hello to Little Ted ! ted ( same ) and Little Bill ! CUT to : there son now ( interviewed on tv ) 18 year old now . title : '' will logan and Theo preston . '' will okay , like , we dad - they be tell - in high school - that they music be gonna save the world . Theo I mean that 's a lot of pressure . like , if somebody come to we , and tell we that we music be gonna save the world ? will well that would be pretty okay . Theo yeah , I have be good with that . CUT to : there wive , now . title : '' joanna preston and elizabeth logan . '' joanna look , the point be , they take it seriously - they take it seriously . elizabeth they really care , and they work hard . it 's pretty much all they do , actually . joanna but they have find way .. certain , whatever , ' hobby , 's you know , to cope . CUT to 1994 : polish MTV not great video quality : the guy interview on a cheap set . Ted be knitting some kind of thick , amorphous shape . polish interviewer ( 0.s. ) ( Polish accent ) what be you make there , Ted ? 24 yr old ted I never know . I just knit till it feel do . polish interviewer ( 0.s. ) it 's very .. dense what you be knitting . 24 yr old ted yah . I call they yarn blob . ( then ) ask Bill what he do to relax . polish interviewer ( 0.s. ) what do you do to relax , Bill ? Ted move he mouth - but we hear bill 's voice . 24 yr old bill 's voice coming from ted I do ventriloquism , dude ! CUT back to : joanna and elizabeth interviewer ( 0.s. ) how do you cope ? a beat . the woman look at each other .. silence . then : elizabeth let 's just say thing do not go the way we all expect they to go . more quick shot : a brief timeline : 1995 : 25 yr old bill and ted ( with the princess ) rush from the studio toward suv . cameras push in - it 's like John and Paul leave Abbey Road with Linda and Yoko in 1968 .. reporter ( 0.s. ) Bill ! Ted ! when 's the record come out ? 25 yr old bill ( a mccartneyesque double - barrel finger - point thumb up ) almost there ! 25 yr old ted all good thing come to that who wait . 1996 : still photo of 26 year old bill and ted behind the scene at a radio station interview . beard . a couple quick push - INS - still upbeat and assure . rick dees ( 0.s. ) .».- so - the record ? what give ? how about right here - right now - you tell we the definitive release date ? 26 year old ted ( 0.s. ) oh .. yeah .. can not do that .. 26 year old bill ( 0.s. ) just .. change direction a little bit . but it 's all good stuff . CUT to : the band arcade FIRE win butler they lose three record deal in as many year . Cause , the thing with record deal , when you get down to it : you kind of have to make a record . regine chassagne I personally feel sorry for they . they be try so hard that they be actually drive people away .. quick photo : Bill and Ted play increasingly obscure instrument and wear increasingly eccentric clothes ( cape , flight suit , kilt , knickerbocker .. play didgeridoo , theramin , rainstick , harp ) . win butler ( v.o . ) or , maybe as people be drift away , it just make they try harder , it 's tough to know . quick video : a small venue . Bill & Ted wear loin cloth and sandal and sport long Jesus beard and blow shofar . CUT to : kanye west and jay Z kanye west it 's like they go from '' she love you '' to '' Revolution number nine '' in a very short time , without ever do any of the song in between . or even do '' she love you , '' when you think about it . or '' Revolution number nine . '' jay Z to be honest , they kind of just do nothing . but a very lame , very pretentious version of nothing . 2000 : SMALL outdoor festival - hand held fan video Bill - totally nude ( except for black combat boot ) - do a lead guitar version of tap while he approach the mic . 30 year old bill let we now declare the epoch of the electric guitar .. officially dead . we now reveal ted , behind he , also nude ( and also in combat boot ) , with a chain see . 30 year old ted ( to he guitar ) I sacrifice thee , obsolescence embody .. for eternity ! now Ted chainsaw off the neck of Bill 's guitar - which spark and feed back . CUT to : the band metallica lar ulrich I think that be that moment . the Riverside Metal fest . okay - first of all , right off the bat - they be use a chain see nude . I mean , that tell you something about they judgement right there . jame hetfield I do not think we hear another thing from they till .. hunh .. I do not even know . still photo : marquee outside a dive bar : '' ponderosa Lounge - 8 pm the Wild stallion - and half - priced buffalo chicken wing . '' push in . lar ulrich ( v.o. ) be they even still make music ? I mean , what be they even do now ? through the window we see a grainy image of Bill and Ted , on stage .. we freeze , then pull back as the image become a : hologram and we begin to realize we be : int . futuristic dome - continuous where the three most important people in the world float in mid-air , gravely look at the image before they . Super : San dima , California , 2713 . they turn to a FOURTH man - very severe , almost puritanical look , dress in all black ( rollins ) . leader they time be run out . we must take emergency measure . the future of everything hang in the balance . on rollins 's face , a slight flash of concern - and surprise . he step into a sleek , silver metallic booth .. don he sunglass . and , with a nod to the great one .. the booth shimmer , drop through the floor . cut to black . title up : bill and ted face the music then fade up on : ext . wedding - day Bill and Ted , in they mid - 40 's , in suit , walk up to a microphone . behind they , a banner read '' congratulation deacon and missy . '' we be at a wedding . Garden -variety , middle class . joanna and Elizabeth be there ( also in they mid 40' ) . Elizabeth be with will ( 18 ) ; joanna be with Theo ( also 18 ) . the guy be buoyant , exuberant -- utterly unflappable . ted good afternoon . and welcome to this joyous occasion . bill Ted and I have both know missy in different capacity for nearly 40 year . ted she be Bill 's babysitter when we be ten , and we both invite she to the prom when she be a senior and we be freshman . bill next she marry my dad , and missy become '' Mom . '' ted after quickly divorce Bill 's dad , missy marry my dad , and become my mom . Ted 's dad , police chief chet logan , now in he mid 60 's and still very fit , raise he glass with a tight smile that only barely mask he bitterness . bill and now she be marrying Ted 's young brother , Officer deacon Logan . we see deacon now , 40 , buzz cut , with missy , now late 40' . he raise he glass . ted deacon - my congratulation . missy - Bill and I - along with joanna and Elizabeth , and will and theo - welcome you back with open arm . Elizabeth , joanna , will and theo all raise glass . bill this joyous event would seem to make deacon he own father - in -law , and make Ted he own uncle . ted not to mention make my dad he own son . in back , Logan just shake he head , irk on so many level . bill so with that beautiful think in mind , for you first dance , we wish to present a sneak peek at the world premiere of we newest sonic creation .. ted so please enjoy the first three movement of .. bill / ted '' that which bind we through time : the Chemical , physical and biological nature of Love ; a Exploration of the meaning of meaning . '' ted ready , Bill ? bill ready , ted. one .. ted two .. bill one two three four .. Ted play bagpipe . Bill be engage in a kind of wide - mouth aboriginal ' throat-singing . 's while clearly a great deal of of this and , in wedding think ( and even love ) have go into the preparation piece , it be at its core quite difficult to define fact , impossible to enjoy . guest watch with jaw - drop befuddlement as - 9 . deacon and missy step to the dance floor - aware that this be somehow they '' first dance . '' but it 's hard for they to decipher how , exactly , they be suppose to move to this . joanna and Elizabeth exchange a glance . as do will and theo . Ted 's dad just openly throw he hand up .. chief logan this be bullshit . .»- and cross to a power bank and literally pull the plug on the whole thing . CUT to : thirty second later Ted and he dad , off to the side of the stage . ted I be sorry you do not get it , dad . chief logan no one get it , Ted . no one ever have . there 's nothing to get . ted they will , dad , seriously . chief logan I do not think so . that song be the worst one yet . and that 's say a lot . I tell deacon he should never have let you guy play . I be sorry , '' play . '' and honestly - on a very deep level - it be time to pull the plug . both of you . ted we can not . we have to pursue this until -- chief logan yeah yeah yeah , I know , until you '' music save the world . '' ted. enough with you delusion . while this continue we CUT away to : the van where Bill wheel equipment to the back door . he pull it open and see - he father , bob preston , slump in the back , have just be awaken . bill hey dad . 10 . mr . preston how be the wedding ? bill it be good . you shoulda come in . mr . preston wedding be hard for I , billy . my social worker say I have never really recover from you mom leave all that year ago . you real mom , not missy . bill I know . that be hard . Mr. Preston give Bill a huge hug . mr . preston I love you , billy . bill I know , dad . and I love you , too . ( as he dad continue to hug he ) okay , dad . it 's totally fine . everything 's good , dad . everything 's gonna be okay . I really gotta go get some more stuff . he break off , turn . and we follow he to -- ted and logan still in the thick of it . ted dad - I be just say : if you have do the thing I and Bill have do , and see the thing we have see -- chief logan no - you can keep '' spin '' this however you want , Ted , but I 'il never believe it . you do not time travel . you do not die and go to hell and then come back . bill Chief Logan - we do - chief logan no . you do not , Bill . and here 's the reason you do not : it 's impossible . ted dad - I know you be upset because deacon just marry -- 11 . chief logan no . Ted - you be wrong . it have nothing to do with that . trust I , if I be more disappointed in one of my son , it 's you . Logan spin to storm away . then turn back . chief logan ( cont 'd ) by the way ? that five thousand dollar I loan you ? I want it back . ted you will get it back . chief logan when , Ted ? you be upside down on you mortgage . you be fifty thousand dollar in debt . you wife be work two job so you two can pursue you pathetic fantasy . get real , Ted . get real - both of you . and he 's off . Ted just stand there . Bill put he hand on Ted 's shoulder . bill dude - if it 's any consolation , I be eighty - thousand dollar in debt . ted what be we gonna do ? man 's voice ( prelap ) no . no , no , no . int . fabulous forum - day key and coat in hand , the stadium manager ( frank ) close he office door as Bill and Ted follow he out into the arena . frank no , you may not have you non-refundable deposit back . ted but -- frank no ' but . 's twenty year ago you sign a contract - put down a deposit - to rent the Forum tomorrow night for you concert celebrate '' two decade of greatness - - '' bill triumphance . 12. frank whatever . I tell you this every year -- bill but this year be different . ted it 's quite different - as you will see if you would simply listen to we . frank Fine . go ahead . ted this year , give the direness of we financial situation , we be willing to reduce we offer from a one hundred percent refund to a eighty percent refund . frank so wait - I be sorry - then I have only have to give you eighty thousand dollar that I contractually do not owe you rather than a hundred thousand ? bill correct . but between we , we bottom line be sixty thousand , for which we will take forty . ted but no lower than twenty - five . bill of which we would accept ten . Ted lean to Bill . ted dude - I have a sneaking feel that we be negotiate against ourselves . bill good point , ted. ( turn ) forget everything we say . we be back at a hundred thousand . plus interest . frank okay , then I guess I should make my counter offer : nothing . the point be : you buy the Forum tomorrow night - it 's yours . do whatever you want with it - throw a party at mid-field , I do not care . the light will be on , the gate 's 1ll be open . ( more ) 13 . frank ( cont 'd ) by the way - just out of curiosity - how many ticket have you guy sell ? bill well , it 's hard to say - it could have change , cause we have not check the web site in a while . frank that 's fine . just give I the ballpark number . ted okay - ballpark ? I be just estimate here , but approximately zero . Frank shake he head . frank I have to tell you guy - what you have pull off here be very impressive , ina way . you have promote a concert for twenty year , and sell zero ticket . bill thanks , dude . frank it 's not a compliment . int . elevator - day Bill and joanna ride up in silence . they get off and enter .. int . waiting room - continuous and joanna stop as she see : Elizabeth and Ted , also in the wait room . Elizabeth be equally surprised . Ted be not . ted how 's it goin’ dude ? hey , jo ! joanna I be sorry - be this the right day ? bill yah . totally . couple therapy . joanna but .. now the other door open and the therapist stick he head out - a bit surprised to see two couple in he wait room . 14 . int . therapist 's office - a moment later Bill , with joanna , and Ted , with Elizabeth , sit across from the therapist . it 's a little crowded on the couch . therapist so do you understand why this situation might seem at all strange to you wife ? ted no , not at all . why ? therapist well , when you wife suggest couple therapy , do you think this be what they have in mind ? bill yah . definitely . I mean , we be a couple of couple , right ? therapist well , it usually mean one couple . bill / ted ohhh .. therapist but since you be here - let I ask you this . be there something you feel you wife need to hear from you ? ted yah . totally . ( turn to Elizabeth ) we love you guy . therapist okay , that 's good . but .. do you understand how that might sound strange to you wife ? Bill ? bill no . we love they . therapist '' we '' love they ? bill yah , we do . therapist '' we " do ? ted yah , we do . exactly . 15 . therapist it 's the '' we '' part .. Ted . can you say the same thing use '' I '' in the sentence ? ted ohhh . yah , of course . ( turn to Elizabeth ) Elizabeth . I - and Bill - love you - and joanna . Elizabeth just stare at the floor , shake she head . bill dude . all due respect - I do not think you be get this . ted go for it , dude . bill okay . ( turn ) joanna . from the very very bottom of I - and Ted 's - heart . I - and Ted - totally love and worship you - and Elizabeth . Bill beam . Ted nod - as if he now see . therapist joanna , would you or Elizabeth like to respond ? Elizabeth indicate '' go ahead . '' joanna well .. okay . I know you love I , Bill . however - and I can not speak for Elizabeth , but .. you guy be go over two hundred night a year . every time you go out on tour to make money , you come back deeper in debt . bill but we have to -- joanna I know . I know it 's a burden for you . and I know you feel as though you have to do it yourselves . but you do not . we literally leave everything behind , we family , we friend .. elizabeth we move 600 year in the future to be with you . to be you partner . but it 's like all you think about be the song .. 16 . joanna the mission .. elizabeth and it 's like we and the boy be not even there . ted so .. wait . what be you say ? elizabeth I guess what I be say be .. if thing do not change .. I do not know how much longer I can go on like this . Ted be stunne . he look at Bill . Bill turn to joanna . bill do you feel the same way ? joanna nod . int . dodge neon - drive Ted and Elizabeth , in tense silence . Ted glance over - she just stare straight ahead . they pull up to the end of -- ext . cul do sac - evening - continuous where two house share a driveway at the end of a quiet middle - class street . as they pull in -- a geo metro be already there , and Bill and joanna be get out - also with palpable tension between they . ( what be clear to we now be : they all live right next door to each other , and share a driveway - and garage . ) as the woman head towards the Logan house , Bill and Ted join each other . ted dude - thing be worse than I think . I think they be actually think about leave we . bill I know , it 's bad . but we still get we work to do .. they look at they wife , who be confer at the front door . 17. ted okay - let 's just try and work sorta fast . bill yah . totally . as they start toward the garage -- suddenly we hear the sound of guitar from within . Ted exhales heavily . ted I have tell will over and over .. they pull the garage door open , revealing : int . garage - evening - continuous will and theo be play classic old guitar ( the very one that Bill and Ted play at the end of '' bogus journey . " '' ) they immediately stop , look at they father . will how 's it goin , dad ? ted out ! Theo what ? ted this be we studio - and that be we guitar . he and Bill pull the guitar from they son 's hand . bill we have important work to do , and we can not have you mess around in here . will you wanna at least see what we have be work on ? will hold a piece of paper out . Ted take it , shove it in he pocket . ted later . but right now , we need the studio . ( a beat ) now , please , will . will okay , grampa . 18 . the boy shake they head . Theo I tell you , dude . it 's always the same . let 's just go play up in my room . with we crappy guitar . will nod and the boy head out . Bill and Ted watch they go , guilty , as Ted shut the garage door and we cut to : int . garage / music studio - night Bill and Ted be work on a song ; struggle . Bill be noodle on the synthesizer - Ted be scratch out lyric . ted okay , I add a couple thing . go again . Bill start on the synthesizer : it 's abstruse , complex ( not in a good way ) - like D - grade bohemian rhapsody . ted ( cont 'd ) '' we try - y - y - y to carry -- yy .. on . ayiii-eee -ee-ee-ee. .a-000-00-00-00 . '' Ted stop . Bill pick it up . bill '' oqoeeee-eeee-yiyiyiyi .. '' ( to Ted ) dude - run with I . I think we be onto something ... ( resume ) '' we straaa— aaaa - aaa-aaa-aain.. yiyi-yi-yi-- '' ted dude - seriously . stop . I hate to say this , but we be not onto anything . bill what be you talk about ? I think it 's we best one yet . ted dude - if that 's true - then thing be even worse than I think . Cause this song suck . you do know that , right ? bill I do not agree . ted dude. 19 . bill no . ted Bill - come on . it 's I . you do not have to spin I . it suck . all we song suck . what be we do ? seriously . we wife be mad at we , we son be mad at we , we be break - - why be we even do this ? bill we be do it cause we have to ! Ted - we be suppose to save all humanity . ted say who ?? bill that people - from the future -- ted what if they be wrong ? bill how could they be wrong ? we see the future - we be there . ted all I know be , at this moment , I feel like for the last 20 year we have be beat we head against a wall , and it hurt , and I wanna stop . bill but we can not ! we promise ! ted who 's gonna care ? seriously . I be sick of it . and you know you be too . Bill just look at Ted - for a long moment - and then he just deflate , drop the facade . bill okay . yah . I be totally sick of it . but I think if I ever admit it - to you or I - we have completely crumble . there 's a pause . ted I can not do this any more . I just can not . another pause . finally Bill look at Ted .. and nod , agree . then , suddenly , there 's -- 20 . a flash of light outside , visible under the garage door .. then : we hear a metallic whoosh .. then footstep . someone .. or something .. be outside . Bill and Ted look at each other , walk toward the garage door and slowly open it , revealing -- the futuristic booth . bill / ted whoa .. and next to the booth , emerge from its shadow , rollins . bill who be you ? rollins come with I , please . bill be you from the future ? rollins yes . a beat . the guy look at each other again . ted be you mad at we ? rollins we have very little time . he open the door for they . Ted lean closer to Bill . ted I think we be in trouble . bill relax , Ted . they totally love we in the future . the guy get into the sleek , elegant booth . rollins close the door , and in a instant .. it shimmer .. and disappear .. int . circuit of time dark. misty . glimpsis of light . we hear a whooosh and the silver booth soar past in blur . 21 . int . booth - on bill and ted Bill and Ted - stunne , amaze - gape out at the circuit of time .. for the first time in a long time . and we cut to : int . great dome - the year 2712 - day the booth appear and touch down on the floor . rollins get out , follow by Bill and ted. Bill and Ted whisper : ted dude . bill what ? ted I think I like rufus better . bill I too. ( turn to rollins ) what be it you do here , dude ? rollins I clean up mess . the guy look at each other as they hear .. booming voice Bill and Ted . step closer please . now they turn and see : three imposing figure -- who look at Bill and Ted with barely restrain urgency and frustration . they be fierce , unblink . it 's dark and intense . Bill and Ted look at each other , swallow . around the room be a kind of '' Senate '' of observer who line the wall . Bill adopt a upbeat manner . bill how 's it goin 's ? good to be back again . lookin 's great . leader what do you have to say for yourselves ? ted oh .. they look at each other , then adopt they arm-raise posture . 22 . bill be excellent to each other ..? ted and .. party on , dude ..? Dead silence . no smile . no nod . nothing but scowl . leader where 's the song ? the guy eye widen .. ted oh .. the song . bill which one ? we have write so many . leader the song . the song that will fulfill you destiny . the one that be to be play at the fabulous Forum tomorrow night . the one that will save the world as we know it . bill oh , yah . that song . we definitely have that song . yah . the leader make a gesture . light come up and suddenly all around they be musical instrument of all shape and size . leader then play it . ted like right now ? leader we need to hear it . ted um .. before we do that -- bill which we very much look forward to do -- ted and be most eminently prepare to do -- bill be as it 's already write -- a pause . 23 . ted and be very good on the level of lyric , and melody , and rhythmic aspect as well as meter and , you know , thematic content .. we need to .. bill tweak .. ted yah . mtweak .. bill or , even better , perhaps what would expedite this entire process .. ted would be if you play the song for we right now . bill or perhaps play it several time . ted or even just give we a recording . so we may be certain we have the exact rendition of we great song ever write .. leader you do not have it . bill what ?! no. just the opposite . ted in fact , we problem be we have so many great song that as we put together we set list for the concert tomorrow night -- bill the one we in no way bail on year ago -- ted and which as recently as a hour ago do not try to get we money back from - bill right , that do not happen .. ted you be not watch we all the time , be you ? 24 . silence . then the leader just wave he arm and the floating great figure disappear into darkness -- as do the instrument , and instantly -- rollins be stand right in front of the guy . rollins the window of destiny be close . you have twenty four hour to come up with the song . ted but -- what if for some reason we do not ? bill which would be most paradoxical because obviously we do already have it . ted but , you know , just theoretically .. cause we be intrigue with all manner of think experiment involve , you know , '' the conundrum of time '' .. bill so -- what would happen ? rollins look at they . rollins come with I . he turn . the guy look at each other , then follow he as two huge door slide open and they all enter -- a cathedral-like chamber built solely to house : a holographic time - line ethereal , majestic , float in mid-air . weaving and wind from the deep past all the way to the present - and , still , moment by moment , continue to inch forward . bill / ted whoa ... ted what be this ? rollins this be time . it 's the path through which the past connect with the present .. and lead to the future . 25 . the guy move closer . now they can see that the '' weave '' be actually a collection of infinitesimally SMALL bit of information . rollins reach out and touch a section , in the way one might touch , say , a iPad . as he do .. rollins ( cont ’d ) 1945 . -- a image from 1945 balloon out : Hiroshima . he remove he finger - the image recede . he touch another spot .. rollins ( cont ’d ) 1989 . .-- and out balloon a image of the man stand in front of the tank in tiananman Square . rollins ( cont ’d ) time be more fluid , and more contingent , than you understand . there be key moment in the weave - turn point - like stitches , if you want to think of they that way . and when one be miss , then everything can fray . ted have that ever happen ? rollins it 's about to happen . bill meaning ..? rollins if you do not have the song in 24 hour , time as we all know it will essentially unravel . forward , and backward . ted oh ... ext . cul do sac - house - night the booth appear . the guy get out , still in shock . rollins give Ted a timepiece of some sort .. like a really cool , sleek watch . rollins keep a close eye on this . you have 24 hour . when it run out , it 's over . 26 . rollins cross back to he booth and get in .. and , with a nod at they , he 's go . bill okay - bad news : the whole unravel of time thing could be most heinous . good news : this mean there be a song . otherwise they would not be so mad at we for not have it . ted -- yah . I think that 's probably right . bill so now , all we gotta do be stop write song that totally suck , and just write the great song ever write . okay ? ted .- yah .. I guess . Bill start into the garage . Ted remain on the curb . bill Ted , what be you do , dude ? we gotta keep go . ted I just do not get it .. I mean -- we have be try for 20 year to write the great song ever write . how be we gonna do it in 24 hour ? bill I do not know .. but we gotta. ( beat ) I mean .. right ? what else be we gonna do , dude ? Ted nod - distant and distract . ted but we do know the song 's gonna exist , right ? bill well , yah .. at some point .. ted I just wish there be a way that we could go into the future and get it from ourselves . bill how would we do that ? 27 . there 's a pause . they look at each other , share a slowly dawn realization . bill ( cont 'd ) could we actually ...? ted could not we ..? bill but -- do not rufus say we could only do that in a extreme emergency ? ted Bill -- if the future of all of reality as we know it be at stake .. be not that a extreme emergency ? ext . bill 's house - night - moment later the guy head towards a storage shed at the very back of the property . at the shed , they undo a series of heavy metal padlock . the door open .. a single light bulb be switch on .. int . shed - continuous the guy walk to the darkest , most shadowy corner and start to pull a series of cover , sheet , tarp , etc. , off of what gradually reveal itself as .. the phone booth .. the old one from the earlier movie . it 's dusty , rusted , obviously have not be use in 20 year . bill okay , so here 's the plan : we go into the future to when we have actually write the song , find ourselves , and take it . ted one question : be that steal ? bill why would it be steal if we be get it from ourselves ? ted oh , yah .. ( eyeing the booth ) you think it still work ? 28 . bill only one way to find out , dude .. int . phone booth - second later they get in . Dust off the key pad . ted how far into the future do you think we need to go ? bill depend on when we think we be gonna write the song . ted I say definitely within the next year or two . bill well , let 's be conservative . say five year ? ted sound good . ( a pause ) you wanna do the honors , or should I ? bill go for it , dude . Ted - with not a little bit of nostalgia and a good deal of trepidation .. start to hit the button . ted San dima , California .. five year from now . at first , nothing happen . it 's like start a car that 's be sit in the garage for 20 year . then -- the light in the booth flicker on ... there be a low hum / buzzing sound . as the antenna come to life , illuminate the dark shed , the guy look at each other . ted ( cont 'd ) Bill .. bill what ? ted I have a feel thing be just about to change in a most outstanding way . 29 . bill Ted , I totally agree . and with a exuberant , super-optimistic AIR guitar .. ted let 's go save the world , dude ! .. the booth shimmer and disappear and we cut to : int . circuit of time - continuous whhhoooshhhhhh . the booth sail through the circuit of time which be sleeker , faster than when last we sail through . the guy look through the glass - thrilled , move : neither think he would ever be do this again . ted whoa ... bill I know .. the booth veer off , disappear into a circuit and we cut to : ext . holiday inn - san dima on the marquee : '' OPEN mic night . '' we hear a faint version of huey Lewis 's '' the heart of rock and Roll '' come from inside a sad version - kind of pathetic ; earnest and overly sincere . Super : San dima , California - five year into the future the booth appear land in the parking lot . the guy step out , look around - hear the music from within .. int . holiday inn - lobby - a moment later they enter the lobby . ted so where be the future we 's ? bill yah - you would think we have be wait for ourselves . ted we gotta remember to be more polite and come out and greet ourselves next time . ( notice something ) oh no .. 30 . Bill turn - follow Ted 's gaze into -- the lounge where on stage - in front of a dozen bored businessman - be : 50 yr old bill and ted in black vest , white shirt , earring - sing '' heart of rock and Roll . '' 50 yr Old Bill be work a little harder to push it across ; 50 yr Old Ted just seem depressed . ( and the year have not be kind to they voice . Ted 's have get lower - and be now a rumbly kris kristofferson croak ; Bill 's be now a kind of high , nasally Art garfunkel whine . ) 50 yr old bill / ted t-t-t-they say the hear of rock ’n roll be still beatin 's , and from what I 've see I believe ' em ; now the old boy may be barely breathin ’.. but the heart of rock ’n roll . ( a sort of harmony ) the heart of rock ’n roll be still beatin 's . in the back , Bill and Ted enter , shocked . bill / ted no way .. they say it just loud enough that on stage , 50 yr Old Bill hear they - and look up .. which make 50 yr Old Ted do the same thing . now , like deer in headlight : 50 yr Old Bill and Ted freeze . if the audience be pay attention , they have notice the two set of bill and ted all stand motionless , stare at each other , but no one care . there 's a odd moment where they all stand , stare . then .. 50 Year Old Bill and Ted turn and bolt through the back exit . Bill and Ted look at each other - and sprint across the room . ext . back of holiday inn - night - continuous 50 Year Old Bill and Ted scramble in they dress shoe across the parking lot and race toward the ( now quite beat up ) van with they guitar . a beat later - bill wait ! Bill ! ted Ted ! 31 . they race to the van , where 50 yr Old Bill and Ted be open the door . ted ( cont 'd ) hey - we 's . stop . older Bill and Ted turn - bust . instantly ( and lamely ) they try and cover . 50 yr old bill ohhh ! hello ! 50 yr old ted we totally forget you guy be come ! how great to see you ! bill what be you talk about ? you totally run away from we ! 50 yr old bill oh - that 's just because .. in the darkness , we think you be groupy , which we have a lot of . Bill and Ted look around the desert back parking lot . ted really ? 50 yr old ted oh , yah - absolutely . 50 Year Old Ted nervously pull a flask from he hip pocket and take a swig . 50 yr old bill look - dude - we know exactly what you be think : why be we play here at open mic night at the holiday Inn in San dima , when in fact , we be such huge rock star with lot of groupy ? 50 yr old ted and here 's the answer : we be here be humorously ironic . 50 yr old bill do you believe we ? 50 yr old ted I remember not necessarily believe it when I you be stand there listen to I I . 32 . 50 yr old bill but this time you really can believe we . ( pause ) do you believe we ? ted no. bill not at all . 50 Year Old Ted take another ( this time bigger ) gulp from he flask . as he wipe he mouth with he sleeve : 50 yr old ted ( vaguely belligerent ) well I feel sorry for you then . bill do you have the song ? 50 yr old bill do we have the song ? do we have the song ? bill yes . do you ? ted Ted . stop drink for a minute and look I in the eye . do you have the song ? 50 yr Old Ted almost look Ted in the eye : at he eyebrow .. between he eye .. but not in the eye . ted ( cont 'd ) no . in the eye . look I in the eye , Ted , and tell I you have the song . otherwise we be gonna leave right now . do you have the song or do you not ? ( beat ; shake he head sadly ) you totally do not have the song , do you ? 50 yr old ted ( finish he entire flask ) you know what ? screw you , I . bill/50 yr old bill whoa , whoa ! / easy , Ted - 50 yr old ted no - not easy . ( to Bill and Ted ) you do not write the song . you 's re the one who be responsible for all of this . and you know something else , pretty boy ? 33 . ted do not call I that . 50 yr old ted '' do not call I that . '' '' dude . '' you drive the princess away . bill whoa . wait . what do you say ? the princess be go ? 50 yr old bill oh , do not act so surprised . they basically tell you they be gonna leave . well , guess what ? as soon as you get back from this stupid , fail mission - they be go . ted what ? bill how ?? 50 yr old ted no idea . all we know be they leave a note say they take will and theo back to 1428 and they never come back - and now we have be alone for five year cause you drive we wife away . ted we wife have be go for five year and you have not even try to talk to they ? 50 yr old bill oh - you do , alright - you just make it worse ! they have they doubt about you , which you be totally miss , I might add .. and then you go back to medieval England and confirm every one of they ! bill there be no way we do that . 50 yr old ted yah well you be gonna eat you word in about 45 second . bill not true . Ted - let 's go talk to we wife right now and set this straight . 50 yr old ted Fine . I be do with you two loser . 34 . Ted lunge for himself . grab himself -- ted why do not you take some responsibility , you drunk ! 50 yr old ted why do not you go knit a blob ? ted hey ! 50 yr old ted blob-knitter ! ted you be rude ! get you act together , Ted ! 50 yr old ted you get you act together , Ted ! the two bill grab the two ted - who be inch from throttling each other - and pull they apart . bill Ted - back away - he 's not worth it . 50 year old bill he 's right . do not let that punk get to you . 50 Year Old Ted back down . Bill turn Ted around . bill let 's go clean up the mess that we 's make . as older Bill and Ted open the van door , Bill and Ted see bill father , in back , in a sleep bag . mr . preston hi boy . how be the gig ? Bill stop - eye wide . turn to he older self . bill you live with dad in the van ? ted ( take Bill 's shoulder ) walk away , dude . walk away . as Bill and Ted make they way across the lot : 50 year old ted if you do not like it - go fix it ! 35 . 50 yr old bill yah ! go write the song yourself instead of try to steal it from we ! 50 yr old ted or do something -- cuz we life suck and it 's you fault . ext . holiday inn parking lot - a moment later the guy approach - and get into - the booth . bill that older we 's be jerk . ted I know . I can not believe how much I hate my I . bill I know . but we do learn something quite important from they . we gotta go back to England . ted yah . what 's the point of any of this be we do not get we family ? the phone booth start to shimmer - the guy turn , prepare for it to drop . and just as it start to - Bill and Ted 's eye widen as they think they see - about 50 foot away across the parking lot : rollins in he silver booth , eyeing they as if study they . but before Bill and Ted have a chance to react ( or even be sure what they have see ) , they booth drop .. and we cut to : ext . medieval castle - courtyard - day joanna and Elizabeth - in 1428 attire - be at a table in the courtyard , chat with family and friend . will and theo - in modern attire - be also there , chat amiably with they grandparent : the Duke and duchess of North umberland . will -- graduate in June , now we be just work on the music . duke and what kind of music be that ? there 's a 36 . Theo it 's a blend of classic old guitar with techno .. kinda neo-bluesy .. but actually , without any place to plug in , it 's gonna be a little hard to keep play . duchess '' plug in '' to what ? will that 's a little complicated , grandma .. flash in the distance and -- ext . medieval england —- day the booth land in a field and the guy get out , look over toward the castle and see .. joanna and Elizabeth - on horseback - riding toward they . the wife bill whatever we do , let 's not give that other we 's the satisfaction of make thing worse . ted do not worry . we definitely will not . arrive and dismount . joanna what be you two do here ? we need some time away . ted right . and we totally respect that . but first : how do you get here ? elizabeth that nice man from the future show up and ask if we need anything . and we tell he we would very much like to come home for a while . joanna so he bring we here . Bill and Ted exchange a glance : '' why would he do that ? '' Ted turn to Elizabeth . ted okay . we know you be think very seriously of leave we . 37 . elizabeth .- what ? no , we be not . bill yes you be - you just do not realize it yet , you think you be just here for a visit , but you be totally gonna stay . off the woman 's confuse look : ted full disclosure : we just see ourselves five year in the future - and you have every reason to leave we because the truth be : we be go to become everything you do not want we to be . bill we be just sad pathetic loser live in the van with my dad -- ted drink too much -- bill and lie . you can not believe what oily liar we be . ted and - get this : we try to tell ourselves not to come here . like we be somehow go to make it worse . bill which be ridiculous - cause know what we know we be only make it better , right ? elizabeth wait - what be you talk about ? in five year you be live in a van - with you dad - drink too much ? the guy realize they might actually be make thing worse . the woman be start to eye they differently : worried , now , in a way they be not before . ted exactly ! which be why we be try to change that by find the song . bill because if we do not find it , it 's gonna be a lot worse than even that . 38 . ted yah , like all of reality will completely unravel . bill but do not worry about that , cuz apparently the future be fluid . ted exactly . you can change it if you do the right thing at the right time . bill like come here and talk to you now . elizabeth I be not entirely sure it be the right thing to do . joanna yes , maybe that future you 's be a little bit right . elizabeth why be you drink so much , Ted ? ted I have not start yet - I can not answer that . elizabeth maybe we do need a little more time than we think . ted what ? no! Elizabeth , I nil go to aa ! elizabeth but you do not even drink . ted yet ! but I be about to ! joanna I think we have like you to leave now . bill and you do not want to come with we ? joanna be you pay any attention ? ted Fine . we be gonna go . but you need to understand : we be gonna keep go till we succeed on we mission . 39 . bill yah , we be gonna find the song . we be gonna save the world . ted and we be gonna be together . int . booth - a second later Bill 's at the keypad as a determine Ted close the door . ted five year forward be clearly not enough . let 's go ten this time . we certainly will have write the song by then . bill dude , I strongly believe we be about to see we life get a whole lot better . int . booth - circuit of time the booth roar past . ext . foothills - night with a flash , the booth arrive in a very nice , hilly section of town . City light lay out . the '' bel Air '' of San dima .. Super : San dima , California - 10 year in the future Bill and Ted step out of the booth and immediately see : a old fashioned british butler stand calmly , towel over arm . butler Masters Logan and Preston .. welcome home , gentleman . the butler open a gate and lead the amaze guy into .. the most beautiful home imaginable six car garage , garden , fountain , huge view . in the driveway : a bentley , a Range Rover , a porsche , a 65 mustang . bill dude .. we do it ! look at where we live . 40 . ted yah - and look at what we be drive . one song do all this ? bill Ted - what if it be not just one song ? what if after we write it , the dam break and they just keep come and come ? subtle air guitar as the butler ceremoniously open the door . butler the master of the house be on the way down . might I offer you a spot of champagne ? he extend a tray with four flute of champagne . the guy take two , then hear casual laughter and see .. coming down the grand opulent staircase 55 yr old bill and ted , wear expensive clothes and jewelry . whereas 55 yr Old Bill 's clothes be loose , flow ; 55 yr Old Ted 's be tighter , more form -fitting . Bill 's hair be long and flow ; Ted 's be '' casually unkempt . '' 55 yr old ted why hello young we 's . 55 yr old bill quel plaiser a vous voir . bill dude - I speak french ? 55 yr old bill oui , monsieur . bill excellent ! 55 yr old bill I think you mean .. excellente . 55 yr Old Bill and Ted raise they champagne flute . 55 yr old ted to you future . ted so , then .. I guess you have the song ? 41 . 55 yr old ted why would we be live like this if we do not ? ted and the princess ..? 55 yr old bill brace yourselves .. be you ready ? 55 yr old ted they be back . ( as Bill and Ted audibly exhale ) they have be back for a while . and thing be better than ever . huge load be lift from Bill and Ted 's shoulder . ted oh , that 's such a relief . 55 yr old ted ( a hand on Ted 's shoulder ) I know you feel that way , Ted . and it 's all gonna be good . ted really ? 55 yr old ted really . 55 yr old bill and - do you know why that happen ? because a certain chanson change the life of two gentleman name Bill and Ted .. 55 yr old ted but enough prologue . we know the time be slip by on that crazy clock of yours . this way . 55 Year Old Bill and Ted lead the guy past a sunken live room , where they hear : mr . preston 's voice salutation , boy ! bill dad !? bill father sit on the sofa , dress in a pashmina caftan . he raise he own champagne flute - and a small silver tray . 42 . mr . preston caviar ? 55 year old bill in a moment dad - we be gonna play they the song first . mr . preston you be in for a treat , boy ! enjoy ! moving down a long hallway Bill and Ted follow 55 yr Old Bill and Ted down a hallway line with poster , gold record , magazine cover -- all with Bill and Ted on the cover . we see : '' billboard number one song 131 week in a row ! '' bill / ted whoa .. 55 yr old ted ( to 55 yr Old Bill ) remember that ? 55 yr old bill like it be yesterday . and I remember I say -- 55 yr old bill ( cont ’d ) bill whoa ! Ted ! check out the whoa ! Ted ! check out the cover of Rolling Stone , dude ! cover of Rolling Stone , dude ! Bill point to a cover that say '' q : can a song change the world ? a : totally ! '' 55 yr old ted and I remember the feel I have when we we 's show you we 's into we somewhat nice recording studio . they open a double - door and Bill and Ted follow they into -- a spectacular music studio Beyond state of the art . Instruments everywhere . clearly a lot of great music have be - and be be - make here . bill / ted no way .. 55 yr old bill/55 yr old ted yes way , Bill and ted. 43 . ted so it work ! we plan work ! 55 yr old bill of course it work . you guy totally take the song - the one we be about to play for you - play it at the Forum - the girl be there - and it change everything . bill wait - we be gonna play that concert ? ted we have not even sell one ticket . 55 year old ted remember : reality be fluid . bill but what about the guy we just see ? that loser we 's from 5 year ago ? 55 yr old bill dude - you have be tell this before : 55 yr old ted that reality will only happen if you do not take this song back with you . that guy do not need to exist . trust I , Ted - it 's amazing how fast life can change when you do the right thing . 55 yr old bill but you guy gotta make it happen . ted we will , we will . 55 yr Old Bill and Ted point to two very plush seat - where the guy sit . bill I must say , Ted , as much as I dislike that previous we 's , I like this we 's . 55 yr old ted okay ! enough talk . be you ready to face the music ? Bill and Ted nod as 55 yr Old Bill and Ted put the most spectacular pair of over - the- ear earphone on they .. and , with a nod and a wink at the guy , and at each other ... they move to the soundboard and hit play . 44 , close on bill and ted the moment they have be wait for for twenty year be here . and - though we only hear the barest , most muffle sense of music from beneath the headphone - from the very first moment we can tell that it 's not disappoint . a tear be form in Bill 's eye . Ted look stunne - deeply impressed , but it 's more complex than that . and while this be happen , we CUT away to : ext . mansion - night - same the security gate start to slowly open as a huge white limo pull up in the street outside the mansion . meanwhile -- int . mansion - same for reason that be unclear to we , the butler see the headlight and suddenly snuff he cigarette out on the floor , spin and bolt through the kitchen , and out a door . int . music studio - same Close on the guy as the song end . Bill 's in tear . Ted 's in disbelief . they slowly pull the headphone off . bill that be truly the most amazing song I have ever hear . ted yah .. it 's great . honestly ? I would not have think we have it in we . 55 yr old ted well you do , and now it 's time to get it out to the world . ted I do not even know how to thank you . 55 yr old bill ( be Ted 's watch ) you guy should probably get go . Bill nod , shake he older self 's hand . bill I ‘’1l never forget you , Bill . 45 . 55 yr old bill right back atcha , billy boy . the handshake turn into a affectionate bearhug . Ted look at he older self . ted well ... so long , I guess . 55 yr old ted yah , so long . they nod to each other - somehow slightly wary of each other . int . hallway - moment later as the guy head out , Bill look over at Ted , confuse . bill dude . why be you act so weird with yourself ? ted I just get a weird feel . bill you always have a weird feel when you be with other you 's . ted I know , I gotta stop be so suspicious of myself . bill yah , you do , cuz it 's all gonna be fine . they reach the front door and throw it open , extremely surprised to see -- eddie van halen stand there , a suitcase at he side , a guitar case sling over he shoulder - he house key out , about to open the front door . eddie van halen wyld stallyn ?? what the hell be you do in my house ? bill / ted Eddie Van halen ?! bill this be we house , dude . 46 . eddie van halen what be you talk about ? bill this be we house - or at least the house of future we 's . eddie van halen you two need to leave right now or I be call the cop . bill no , you need to leave right now , Eddie Van halen - or we will call the cop . suddenly - Ted slam the door and slide the deadbolt . he turn and start purposefully down the hallway . ted oh no , oh no oh no oh no .. int . studio - same 55 yr Old Bill and Ted be undress - as actor would after a performance . it 's now obvious why they clothes do not fit well : because they be both wear Eddie Van halen 's clothes , and he 's bigger than Bill and smaller than Ted . Bill remove he wig - revealing that he be almost totally bald ( except a thin strip of Friar tuck hair at the back ) . 55 yr old bill I think we totally fool that other we 's . Ted pull he shirt off , revealing he be wear a male girdle . he loosen it - he 's easily 80 pound overweight . 55 yr old ted I hope so . I do not like the way I be look at myself .. Ted downs a long , long swig of Eddie Van halen 's vodka . in the hallway - same Ted have stop , be stare at one of the magazine cover . ted I do not believe it .. bill what be it ? 47 . Ted nod to the cover which , when you look at it more carefully , be very obviously '' photo-shopped . '' int . studio - same 55 yr Old Bill and Ted raise they glass in a toast . 55 yr old ted now .. we wait for that other we 's to go back and change everything . 55 yr old bill to we life gettin’ a whole lot better . ( then ) Ted - seriously - slow down on the vodka , dude . now the door fly open and Bill and Ted , enraged , storm in . ted you guy totally lie to we ! 55 yr old bill what be you do here , why have not you take the song back to the fabulous Forum ? bill maybe cuz it 's not we song !? 55 yr old bill/50 year old ted ch ( feign shock ) what ? ted it 's Eddie Van halen 's song , he write it . and this be he house . 55 yr old ted on what basis would you say something so utterly ridiculous ? ted cuz we just run into he . he 's outside , call the cop . older Bill turn to older Ted , frustrated and annoyed . 55 yr old bill Ted , I tell you Eddie Van halen come back this week . 55 yr old ted I totally think he come back next week . the two young guy look at they older selve , shocked . 48 . bill you be totally bald , Bill . ted and you be a fat drunk , Ted . 55 yr old bill/55 yr old ted heyyyyyy -- ted what on earth be you guy even think ?? older Bill and Ted get up , cross to they young selve . 55 yr old bill what be we think ? that we have the perfect plan , and we still do . 55 yr old ted ( nodd ) just cuz you two could not come up with a great song and Eddie Van halen do do not mean we should be punish for that . ted what ? that do not even make sense . there be the sound of siren outside . 55 yr old bill you gotta go right now . bill no way , it 's not we song . 55 yr old ted take it now and it will be yours . when Eddie Van halen come up with it in 10 year , he will be steal it from you . bill voice I think it 's a great idea , Ted . we should leave right now and do exactly what the wise older we 's say - regardless of what I might say immediately follow this sentence . ted really ? bill dude ! no ! he 's ventriloquize I ! 55 yr Old Bill shrug - '' innocent . '' 49 . ted we be not gonna do it , forget it . 55 yr old bill Fine . I guess save the world be just irrelevant to you now . bill you be not interested in save the world - all you care about be save you own pathetic life . 55 yr old bill / ted wrong . ted you blatant cynicism be both transparent and appall , Ted . 55 yr old ted Fine . maybe you will care about this : take the song be you only chance to get the princess back . ted ( as if punch in the gut ) you be lie about that . 55 yr old ted of course we be lie . they do not want to have anything to do with you . Cause they think you be loser . which you be . Cause you make bad choice . like this . ted I be so disappointed in you , I . 55 yr old ted I do not care what you think of I , Ted . we life be hell and if you do not go back and change it -- ted oh - it 's all about you -- 55 yr old bill Ted and Ted - take it easy - this plan will work - everyone 's life will be better if you guy just would -- there 's loud pound on the front door . os voice it 's the police , open up ! 50 . 55 yr old bill so what do you say - be you gonna do it or not ? bill no way , dude . you have ten year to write the song -- ted and we be not gonna build a fake future on one that 's not even ours . 55 yr Old Bill and Ted look at each other . 55 yr old bill Fine . he and 55 yr Old Ted pull out gun . 55 yr old ted then we will do it . we will take the song , and the booth , and we will go back . 55 yr old bill this be we third strike , and we be not go back to jail , I can tell you that . bill dude - seriously - you do not have to pull gun on we . 55 yr old bill oh yah we do . Cause watch what happen if we do not . they lower they gun . instantly Bill and Ted try to run away - scramble desperately for the door - then stop when they hear the loud click of the gun . 55 yr old bill ( cont ’d ) see ? bill I have to admit , you be right . quickly Ted grab a guitar and swing it into older Ted - shove he back into older Bill . ted you dick . int . mansion - continuous we guy race out the studio door and , unsure which way to turn , scramble down the hall and through -- 51 . the live room where they race past Bill 's Father - who be now sit on he caftan on the floor ( wear he shabby , filthy clothes ) . mr . preston ( teary ) Bill - where be you go ? bill I can not believe you participate in this charade . mr . preston I be sorry , Bill . I miss you mother and I just want it all to be good again . Bill look at he want , pathetic father . bill hang in there , dad - thing will get better at some point . ( try to convince himself ) I mean .. they have to . and he and Ted rush down -- another hallway but then come to a skid halt when -- at the staircase at the end -- they see older bill and ted , block they way . 55 yr old ted you guy can not get away from we , you know . 55 yr old bill yah , cuz we totally remember everything you be gonna do . Bill and Ted hesitate , then suddenly dive out a window . ext . eddie van halen 's house - continuous Bill and Ted roll , leap up , then stop when they see : on the roof , the 55 yr Old them be aim gun at they . 55 yr old bill/55 yr old ted told ya ! 52 . ext . front of the house - same Police car in the driveway , light flash . a cop be interview Eddie Van halen . a third car squeal into the driveway and deacon - ten year older now - jump out . deacon tell I this be not my brother and Bill . cop sorry , deac . deacon sigh , grab a bullhorn and yell : deacon Ted !! come out right now , or I 'il have to call dad !! ext . back of eddie van halen 's house - same the guy hear deacon 's voice on the megaphone . ted ( yell ) deacon ! it 's not I ! 55 yr old ted yes , deacon ! it totally be I ! front of house deacon and the other cop - along with Eddie Van halen - listen to the voice from the back yard : ted ( 0.s. ) this I talk be from ten year ago , and I do not have anything to do with this ! bill ( 0.s. ) it 's totally true , dude ! it 's the future we 's that you want ! 55 yr old bill ( 0.s. ) shut up , Bill ! bill ( 0.s. ) you shut up , Bill ! deacon grab he radio . deacon dad , you gotta get down here . 53 . back of house Bill look to Ted . bill we gotta make a break for it . ted yah , but how ? they be we - they remember everything we be gonna do . bill that mean we gotta do something we can not possibly remember . ted how do we do that ? Ted think a moment , then .. ted ( cont 'd ) dude - check it out . Ted pull he shirt up so he head be hide . his arm flail . ted ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I totally can not see where I be ! Bill nod - do the exact same thing . and now .. up on the roof 55 yr Old Bill and Ted look at each other , alarmed . 55 yr old bill oh no .. the head in shirt move . 55 yr old ted I be hope that young we 's would not think of it this time . down below we hear Bill and Ted 's voice as we see what basically look like two headless body run in circle . bill ( 0.s. ) dude ! what do we do ? ted ( 0.s. ) no idea ! that 's the point ! 54 . they spin , sprinting in odd , random , chaotic , arbitrary direction - like pinballs - as they rush out the gate and start spin down the alley .. falling at time , bump into each other , into wall .. tripping , get up .. for a moment Bill 's shirt drop . bill oh no ! I can see ! ( then ; pull he shirt up ) spin I dude ! I can not know where I be ! Ted spin he and push he over and now the two of they start rolling down the hill - gain speed .. front of house into the swarm of police car out front , chief logan screech to a halt , jump out , enraged . logan ted ! deacon dad , I think Ted need help . he be talk to himself like he 's two people -- logan this end now . the lie , the delusion . I be do with he . I be do with both of they . ( turn ; give the signal ) take they ! now ! and the cop burst the door down and race into the house . at the back of property - same 55 yr Old Bill and Ted yell from the top of the hillside : 55 yr old bill you guy be idiot ! this woulda work ! 55 yr old ted you have not hear the last of we ! we be gonna get you , Bill and Ted ! suddenly cop come out , gun draw . logan Drop you weapon and get on the ground ! now ! 55 yr Old Bill and Ted turn to each other . 55 . 55 yr old ted dude , there be no way I be go back to jail . 55 yr old bill blaze of glory , Ted . and - like butch and sundance - they just start rush down the hill , turn back and fire madly as -- logan get they ! now ! Police fan out , start move , keep cover .. deacon and Logan turn and race back into deacon 's police car , as -- ext . bottom of the hill - night Bill and Ted tumble to a stop against a wall and Bill and Ted dizzily pull they shirt down . bill dude - that totally work ! ted yah - maybe we should always not know what we be do . bill we gotta try and get back to the booth .. wobbly , they start up the hill , hearing gunshot , as -- just up the hill 55 yr Old Bill and Ted scramble from the cop , fire , as a police chopper sweep the area with a searchlight and -- int . deacon 's police car - drive - same deacon screech around a turn , head downhill . logan down there ! hurry ! go! suddenly , in the wash of headlight , they see -- Bill and Ted , move swiftly past they , uphill . deacon slam on the brake . logan ( cont 'd ) turn it around ! 56 . but it 's a narrow alley - it take some maneuver , as .. bill and ted Race up through some bush and weave toward -- the phone booth into which they leap and start frantically dial . ted dude - where be we go ? bill we just gotta keep go further into the future ! at some point , we will find the song . ted ten more year ? bill yes ! go! ( see something ) dude - what 's that ? for a brief instant they think they see rollins again - lean against he silver phone booth across the street . but suddenly they be awash in bright light - from the helicopter above they - as well as from -- deacon 's police car which roar up - spotlight fix on they . logan 's voice ( on speaker ) ted ! step out of that phone booth , Ted ! ted sorry dad ! I be not the I you want anyway ! logan 's voice I do not want to hear it Ted ! come out right now !! Bill finish dial and the booth start to shimmer .. from within deacon 's police car Logan squint into the bright light : 57 . logan what the hell ? he grab the spotlight from the side of the car - and turn it on . now -- its beam shoot forward - and connect with the shimmer of the phone booth . and in so do , the spark from the booth 's antenna travel along the beam of the light , until .. .- the police car itself begin to shimmer ... logan ( cont 'd ) deacon - what the hell be go on ?? deacon I have no idea ! then , suddenly -- as the antenna on top of the police car now spark like the antenna on top of the booth .. ext . police car - continuous the other cop car all screech to a halt as -- deacon 's car vanish right before there eye . cop , confuse , scratch they head and we cut to .. the circuit of time - same the phone booth careen past .. follow a second later by - deacon 's police car where Logan be apoplectic . he yell into the microphone . logan pull over ted ! pull over now ! int . phone booth - same ted dad ! you gotta go back ! put it in reverse ! deacon - go back ! but the police car be catch up . the guy 's eye widen as the police car be about to collide with they when -- some kind of bright silver cross traffic 58 . flare past in a blur - miss the booth but nearly collide with -- the police car where deacon crank the wheel hard -- scream -- as -- int . circuit of time - continuous the police car spin rapidly and .. logan godddddamnit teeeeddddddddddd !!!! .. it whirl into a 360 and shoot off to the side and -- ext . desert - somewhere - day hold a beat on the vast , arid desert until .. deacon / logan ( 0.s. ) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .. the police car appear and .. wham . it hit the ground with a thud . beat . int . car - continuous Logan and deacon - speechless and daze - groggily look up . logan where the hell be we ? reverse angle - there Pov through the windshield they see , a half mile in the distance , the great pyramid - about 2 / 3rd complete . Super : Egypt - 3000 BC deacon and Logan just sit there , in the police car , take it in . for a while . until we cut to : ext . - dense fog - night the booth land - somewhere - some flat , grey space . the guy look at each other , open the door . bill where be we , dude ? 59 . they look around in the fog , hearing something guttural and awful in the distance : low , grind guitar - pound , trash can-like percussion . death metal - at its darkest . they start toward the music . as they do , they become aware of face - hardened , hollow - eyed men - in shadowy corner stare at they , as if wait for something , anticipate .. as they walk , more face become visible - denser now - shoulder to shoulder ... then two row deep ... four .. and .. they start to hear snippet of a song . song pain ..... death ..... hopeless , helpless ....... dying breath ..... ted I get a bad feel about this . behind the row of man all watch they as they pass , they see barb wire .. and guard tower .. and guard , with gun . they be in a prison . with everyone focuss on one thing : Bill and Ted , walk through the foggy , dimly light yard , toward .. two figure who become more and more distinct as Bill and Ted approach . Super : San quentin , 20 year in the future closer - the figure Bill and Ted , in they mid -60' . harden beyond what we would ever have imagine : shave head , tattoo , heavily muscle . Bill grind a guitar , Ted ' sing 's - ferociously growl out the final word , which sound something like : 65 yr old ted «+ welcome ..... welcome to the end . then it end . 65 yr Old Bill and Ted look up with dead eye . ted how 's it goin’ , older incarcerate Bill and Ted ? 65 yr old bill how would you like we song ? and yah - it actually be we song . 60 . bill it 's very , you know , intense . passionate . but be it the song ? 65 yr old ted do that matter ? bill well , yah - if we be gonna save the world . 65 yr old bill do that matter ? 65 yr Old Bill and Ted stare -- hard . the guy look at each other , concerned . bill so -- I think we will be leave now . ted it be really excellent see you guy , good luck with everyth - 65 yr old bill you be not go anywhere , blondie . bill '' blondie ? '' dude -- I be you . 65 yr old bill like I care . the wall of prisoner have circle they and the man be stare - wait for what seem to have be promise they . ted what 's go on ? 65 yr old ted we friend here have be wait for ten year for the chance to kick you ass . bill what ? ted no way . 65 yr old ted Way , guy . ted '' guy ? '' you do not even know my name ? 65 yr old ted I do not care what you name be . 61 . prisoner pull out pipe , blade -- start to close in . bill seriously dude , you can not just let we get kill . ted yah - cuz if you do , then you totally will not exist . 65 yr old bill it do not matter . ted that be most nihilistic . 65 yr old bill it do not matter . bill / ted stop say that . knive go up to Bill and Ted 's throat . 65 yr old ted see you in hell , guy . ted okay . um . I do not want to be argumentative here . but I do not think there could be two soul of the same person in one hell . 65 yr old ted well , there 's two of we here . 65 yr old bill Ted - do not -- 65 yr old ted '' oh , I be Ted and I be a philosophical monist ! '' ted well , I be ! and I know you know my name ! 65 yr old bill Ted - do not get draw into this argument - we talk about this - suddenly we hear a crackle and see a flash of light in the sky . 65 yr Old Bill look at 65 yr Old Ted with urgency . 65 yr old bill ( cont ’d ) we gotta do this before that future guy show up and -- suddenly he freeze . as do 65 yr Old Ted . and everyone else around they as .. only Bill and Ted be able to move . they eye widen as rollins step out of the silver booth and walk toward the now completely motionless scene .. bill how 's it goin’ , dude ? rollins you tell I . ted bad. bill we be look . we be try to find the song . rollins well whatever you be do be not work . ted sorry , dude .. rollins I do not care if you be sorry . there be a lot of people depend on you . you need to figure this out , and you need to figure it out fast . ted how ? we keep go further and further into the future and thing keep get worse and worse . ( look at he older self ) I do not even recognize myself anymore . bill I be start to think maybe there be no song . ( pause ) be there no song ? rollins I do not know . you have to figure this out yourselves . ted we have like travel through we whole life almost .. rollins have you ? 63 . a pause . the guy look at each other .. ted well , I guess not we whole life .. bill be you say we should go .. to the very end ? he just look at they , shrug . ted like .. we end ? a moment later --flash -- Bill and Ted , in the phone booth - be see briefly - worried - as it drop from view , revealing : rollins , stand over the freeze scene , a look of grave concern on he face as he step into he silver booth and it whoosh away . as it go .. .- the prisoner return to they natural movement . 65 yr old bill dude - I tell you not to have that argument with yourself ! 65 yr old ted I go out of my way to make sure it be short . 65 yr old bill it be not ! Ted - it be the exact same argument you have back then ! 65 yr old ted maybe so - but he be so wrong ! and I tell you to stop I ! 65 yr old bill I be try ! I be yell ! ext . ancient egypt - 3000 BC 2 dozen slave haul stone on a giant wagon up a hill along a narrow path in the desert . slavedrivers crack whip . after a moment of this we hear a siren blip and .. logan ( amplify ) this be the San dima Police . please stop what you be do and drop you weapon . 64 . the rear slavedriver look back , see : the san dima police car behind it , its light on . int . police car - same deacon and Logan just sit there , look at the line of slave block the road in front of they . until .. deacon so .. you gonna say it , dad , or be I ? logan say what ? deacon that Ted be right ? logan just drop it . I want we out of here . now . ( hold mic to he lip ) I say - this be the San dima -- deacon ( roll he eye ) dad -- logan Fine . frustrate - Logan set the mic down , open he car door . ext . car - continuous the slavedriver - and the slave - all turn and gape as .. Logan emerge from the police car , put in he billy club . logan have any of you man see a phone booth circa USA approximately 1989 ? phone booth . deacon ( roll down window ) dad - it 's 5000 year ago - there 's no version of that that they understand . logan ( to slavedriver , who be raise he scimitar ) if you draw that weapon I will arrest you , sir . 65 . deacon dad - you can not arrest this guy . this be like three thousand BC . logan ( ignore deacon ) Sir - this be you last chance . the guy - uncomprehend - raise he scimitar . Logan shake he head - grab he taser - and - deacon dad - this be a terrible idea as the slavedriver come at Logan with he huge blade , Logan instantly shoot he in the bare chest with he taser . the guy shake violently and crumple to the ground , where he lay there , twitching and writhe . the slave be terrify . another guard come at Logan . Logan tase he too . but more and more guard be come . deacon ( cont 'd ) great . now what be you gonna do ? Logan grab he gun and fire it into the AIR . which cause immediate and widespread panic . on the wagon the slave scatter - the one who be pull the giant boulder . the one who be secure it . it start to move .. just below it deacon 's eye widen . deacon ( cont 'd ) dad ! logan I be not quite do here - deacon dad ! we have to go ! Logan turn -- see the boulder dislodge and start to roll . he turn quickly . and he dive back into -- the police car where deacon step on the gas . 66 . logan go ! put it in reverse ! but the tire spin in the sand and -- the boulder gain speed and roll off the huge wagon - all 25,000 pound of it toward -- the police car which can not get any traction .. as just as it start to move backwards -- -- cruuuuuuuunch -- the boulder utterly crush the car . pause . silence . the slave and slavedriver all stop and look as we hold on the huge motionless boulder in the dust .. and then we cut to : darkness - somewhere we hold for a while . as we eye adjust we begin to sense that we be in some kind of a deep , deep cave . gradually we begin to see some reflect blue and red light from above ... and we hear a approach siren .. as .. the police car plummet into frame - drop and drop down this seemingly bottomless hole . camera drop with it - for a while .. we see deacon and Logan sit in the front seat -- too gobsmack to scream . logan ( cont 'd ) what just happen ? deacon I think we be crush by that giant boulder and kill . a pause . Logan look around , nodd . logan so where be we then ? deacon my guess be we be fall to -- suddenly there 's a loud whooomph as the car hit the ground and bounce a moment before stop entirely . 67 . as the dust clear around they we see red , fiery light play off they face as they look around and gape . and we cut to : ext . san dima , california we be outside a rest home as - flash - the shimmer phone booth appear and land . Bill and Ted get out , approach the front door . Super : San dima , California , 50 year in the future int . rest home - a moment later Bill and Ted enter , turn and go down a hallway toward a open door backlit with light . they cross and enter -- int . room - continuous -- where they step in and see .. in two bed , two very , very old men -- 95 year old bill and ted . ancient , frail , in the final moment of they life . they look up with grateful recognition as Bill and Ted enter . ted ( gently ) how 's it goin 's ? 95 yr old ted all I can say be we be so glad you be finally here . 95 yr old bill and so happy to be able to share the song with you . ted so then -- there be a song ? 95 yr old ted as it turn out , there be . bill when be it write ? 95 yr old bill a long , long time ago . you just do not recognize it . ted be it .. good ? 68 . 95 yr old bill it 's amazing . you can not imagine how proud you will feel when you play it . bill when do we play it ? 95 yr old bill tonight . the guy look at each other , amaze , excited . then .. ted be there .. a title ? the ancient them look at each other .. then back at the guy . 95 yr old bill it 's call .. 95 yr old ted ..- face the Music . the guy take this in . it 's clear it 's the truth . exchange a look , Bill and Ted separate . bill ( take he older self 's hand ) Bill .. I just want to say thank you for all the time you have be there for I .. 95 yr old bill I be so sorry for the time I let you down , Bill . bill ( voice catch ) you never do , Bill , you never do . at the same time , on the other side of the room : ted I feel like I never really know you , Ted . 95 yr old ted I know , that 's my fault . I never truly open myself up to you . the truth be -- I look at you and see myself . ted I know , I too . 95 yr old ted but now , as I reach the end , there 's so much that I want to say to you . 69 . we hear cry and move back to the bill . Bill be hugging he ancient , die self , whose eye be dimming . 95 yr old bill Te adoro , guillermo ... bill I all never forget you , Bill . ever . Bill look over to Ted , who lean close to 95 yr Old Ted . ted there be one more thing we need to ask you . 95 yr old ted I know . Elizabeth and joanna . ( a pause ; voice catch ) we have not see they since the day they leave . ted oh no , please do not say that . 95 yr old ted but I be afraid it 's true . ted do it have to be that way ? 95 yr Old Ted take Ted 's hand . 95 yr old ted unless you two change it . ted can we ? 95 yr old ted of course you can . none of this have to happen . 95 yr old bill believe we : when the song be play , everything will change . bill but how be we gonna play it ? we do not even know what it be . 95 yr old ted its with you . it 's with you right now . ted where ? 70 . 95 yr Old Ted start to point - but he hand drop . he look at ancient Bill . they both nod ever- so-slightly , then look back at they young selve and say : 95 yr old bill and ted catch you later , Bill and Ted . and with that , they die . Bill and Ted stare for a long moment .. then .. bill dude -- in honor of we late selve , I propose that we get back to the fabulous Forum and immediately play we song .. Ted nod . meanwhile : in hell —- same the cop car cruise along , slowly , demon and anguish soul peer in , crowd they , make it difficult to navigate . Logan flick the light on top and blip the siren a couple time . then get on the mic and say , amplify : logan please move away from the vehicle . I repeat : please move away from the vehicle immediately . no change . if anything , it 's get more difficult to move . deacon dad - that be lame . I mean , we be in hell . logan now you be tell I how to be a police officer . you gonna replace I there too ? deacon finally it come out . logan finally what come out , deacon ? deacon that this be about missy . logan I be sorry - when you say '' missy '' be you refer to you wife - or be you refer to my ex-wife ? oh - oh - I be sorry - they be the same person . ( more ) 71 . logan ( cont 'd ) ( be torture soul ) you know what ? stop the car . I be gonna deal with this . Logan push the door open and step outside . ext . car - continuous Logan stand about a head or two above the hunch - over tormented soul as two fearsome demon approach and growl . logan I need you to move this people out of the way , please . the demon come toward he , eye glow . logan ( cont 'd ) I be tell you to freeze right there , sir . both of you . ( as they keep come ) consider yourselves warn . now Logan remove he bean bag gun from he belt and fire three bean bag into the first demon 's chest , who fall over backward with a wail . the other demon keep come . Logan club he with he billy club - then mace he . as the demon grab he eye , moan , Logan reflexively cuff he . deacon exit , be now stand on the other side of the car .. deacon good work , dad . what be you gonna do about the rest of they ? Logan turn , see what deacon 's refer to : two huge demon be lumber menacingly toward they .. Logan look out , then look down at he weapon .. logan let 's get back in the car . deacon good idea . they re-enter the car . suddenly startled as they see : sitting in the back seat be death , black - clad , white - face . very , very somber . logan who the hell be you ? death I be '' death . '' I know you son and he friend Bill . we be band mate . 72 . we sense in death a kind of long - he miss that ever - so - brief good moment ; the last ( and only ) one of he life . death ( cont 'd ) ( very straight - face ) man do I party hard . too hard , it turn out . and the woman . whoo -boy . yes , I be a player ... he look off , nostalgic . logan Excuse I . ( as death turn back ) why be you here ? be you just here to reminisce ? because we actually need to find a way out of here . death yes , I can help you . I have still get some ' juice 's around here . this way . death make a gesture out the window and a slight path open . as deacon start to drive : death ( cont 'd ) so.. how be the band ? have the guy come up with the song yet ? logan no - and they never will . they be delusional . death oh - you still think that ? deacon I know . that 's what I have be say . logan hey , you know what -? death ( raise a hand ) Excuse I . gentlemen . please . I get enough conflict down here . can we just have some chill tune ? deacon you know , I think that 's a good idea . 73. deacon turn on the CD player . jack johnson 's '' better together '' come on . death mnnn . Love I my Jack Johnson . he sit back , slightly move to the beat as -- from a high , wide shot : the police car cruise through hell Jack Johnson music wafting up . hold a moment , then cut to : ext . fabulous forum - night the marquee read '' tonight - wyld stallyn present ' two decade of triumphance ! 's " '' there 's a flash in the sky , and a moment later the booth land and the guy jump out and rush towards the artist 's entrance . as they run .. ted I still do not understand .. how be we gonna play the great song ever write when we do not even know it ? bill Ted , you hear we : we have it with we . we have obviously be over- think this . we just have to let it happen . ted so we be just gonna make it up as we go along ? bill exactly . Ted nod , not totally convinced , as the guy hurry towards - ext . artist 's entrance - continuous the guy move quickly to Frank . frank gotta admit - - do not think you two have actually show up . ( into radio ) they be here . cut the house light . Frank throw open a door mark '' stage '' and they push in as , in front of they , the arena dim . they look nervously at each other . bill we world be about to change , dude . 74 . they mount the step toward the side curtain which block -- the stage which be light . but the guy do not see much of it - yet . bill ( cont 'd ) ready , Ted ? ted ready , Bill . and they stride past a curtain and onto .. the stage which be totally empty . no micu . no instrument . nothing . they stand in the glare of the bright light on the totally bare stage . it 's too dark in the audience to see out . ted ( cont 'd ) dude .. what 's go on ? bill I do not know .. maybe we gotta keep go . ted go ... where ? bill to the micu . ted there be no micu . bill I think we just gotta start . ted okay . I guess . bill ready ? one .. two .. bill / ted one - two - three - four ! silence . they stand there - look at each other . nothing come into they head . bill let 's try again . 75 . ted okay . one - two - three - four . still nothing . beat . they walk closer to the center of the stage . it 's like a very , very bad dream . bill hello ? it 's utterly silent in the audience . ted hello , fabulous Forum ? more silence . a beat . Ted turn to the side : ted ( cont 'd ) um .. could we have the house light up ? a beat later - a loud ka - chunk , and the guy stare out at : the entire forum which be completely empty . not one ticket have be sell . bore usher motionlessly man utterly empty tunnel . concession worker stand idly behind they counter . on stage Bill and Ted just look around , confuse , disorient ... ted ( cont 'd ) I do not understand ... ding ding ding , a warning light go off on the timepiece : two minute left . suddenly the guy feel something strange : they foot be start to move . they gape at each other - terrify - as .. they begin slide backwards - wham - into the phone booth . which light up automatically and quickly shoot down through the pavement and be go . revealing : rollins , by he booth , watch . he step back inside .. and whoosh .. it 's go , too . 76 . ext . forum - night above , the sky start to darken ominously . lightning flash .. some crack start to appear in the ground . we pan to : the 76 station across from the forum where a guy get out of he car to pump gas and stop short - totally baffle as he see : a equally confuse roman soldier - in toga , with lst century weaponry - just stand there , under the fluorescent light of the gas station . both man stare at each other , utterly confound . and we cut to : ext . heaven - day Stark , white , quiet . as if we be up in the cloud . the police car be park . deacon and Logan be stand , wait . in silence . for a long while . until , finally : logan Fine . Ted be not wrong . ( off deacon 's look ) he be right . Ted be right . Ted be .. totally , one hundred percent right . about everything . you happy ? deacon nod . footstep . death approach , exite a heavy , gold door . logan ( cont 'd ) how would it go ? death my bad . I think I could get the gate key . but the truth be , the old man just get piss . that 's the bad news . the good news ? I just get score a new play Station which be pretty rad , and since we will be spend a lot of time - like '' eternity '' - together -- logan ( interrupt ) no. absolutely not . I be not stay here . death well I be afraid you do not get to make the -- 77 . logan no . no no no . my son be in serious jeopardy - and I have a job to do . he push past death and through the gold door , which close with a solid whoomph . deacon and death look at each other as , offscreen , we hear Logan 's insistent , muffle voice - and a lower , booming , also muffle voice - talk over each other . death look at deacon , raise a eyebrow . death wow . you old man have a very big ball sack , bro . there 's a brief beat of silence . follow by a low phhup - phhhhhup , and then .. muffled authoritarian voice ow-owwww . . which be then follow by a very heavy thud . and groan . and then Logan storm out , eye straight ahead - jaw fix - hold a gild skeleton key . deacon do you just bean - bag God , dad ? logan yes I do . get in . deacon turn - follow he father to the car . death I will try to smooth this out . say hi to the fella for I . and - oh - one thing . can I keep that chill Jack Johnson CD ? deacon hand death the CD , the police car scream away .. then shimmer and disappear and we cut to : int . great dome - day ( 2713 ) -- bang - the phone booth land , roughly , follow a half beat later by the silver booth . the guy get out - shake - and find themselves face to face with the three great leader , who be scowling , furious . leader you have fail utterly . 78 . though inside the dome , we hear utter chaos come from outside : thunder - the ground be quaking - scream .. people in the dome be run . leader ( cont 'd ) why we ever put we hope in you two idiot be beyond I . and he and the other turn , stride off . there be a final beeeeeep on the timepiece as it run out . the guy just stand , look down at it -- horrify , speechless . then rollins step between they . they look at he . bill what 's go to happen ? rollins indicate for they to follow . with the guy - a moment later as rollins lead they , shell - shocked , into the room which house the timeline . rollins this be the new reality . he point all the way down towards antiquity . bill / ted whoa .. the time line appear to be fray : bend upward , twist back in on itself , contort - like a hose out of control or a down electrical line . the guy move closer . Ted touch it . suddenly a image pop up : the buddha be run in panic from -- a caveman - who catch he and club he on the head .. ted whoooaaaa .. dude -- the buddha just get clubbed by a caveman . Bill move forward , touch the timeline . we see the last Supper -- 12 people sit in a torch - light tent . suddenly two ominous shadow appear on the tent wall and we hear a pair of loud screech as a_fearsome claw suddenly tear the tent . the 12 disciple leap and run as -- Bill turn to Ted : 79 . bill Ted , if I be not mistaken , I believe the last Supper be just disrupt by a pair of velocirapter . ted oh , no .. they cross together .. look at the line . ted ( cont 'd ) dude . it 's like everything be just blend together . rollins it 's collapse in on itself . start at the end - and move toward the middle . ted it 's in 1400 now .. do that mean it 's about to hit ..? the guy look at each other , then look toward medieval time - the 1400 's - suddenly grasp something - ted ( cont 'd ) you bring we family there . rollins that I do . ted why ? bill Ted -- ted why would you do that ? bill Ted - it do not matter now . we just gotta get there and get they back . Ted look at rollins - then follow Bill as .. the guy run through the chaos and into the phone booth and we cut to : ext . england , 1428 - day the booth appear on top of a castle wall and Bill and Ted leap out , suddenly stop and reacting in horror . 80. ted dude - look . within the castle , guard by dozen and dozen of fearsome - look knight in armor who be brandish sword -- joanna , Elizabeth , will , theo - as well as the Duke and duchess - be bound and be be lead along scaffolding toward 6 noose . the King stand nearby and shout out over the chaos : king for bring darkness into we world , this entire family must die ! Bill and Ted look in the other direction : below they - outside the castle - pound on the gate and try to ram down the castle wall - be : soldier from every era - trojan warrior , Inca , Nazis , Red coat - you name it - all ramming the gate .. scale the wall .. pull pin in grenade , etc . and more be come from other direction . bill dude , what be we gonna do ? there 's not just guard and executioner in the castle - but there 's like army from all through history outside the castle . ted I know . and we get like 30 second to figure it out and we have need like 30 year ! bill but dude -- we do not get 30 year to figure it out . ted ( a beat ) we do not . bill what ? what do you mean ? ted we do not - cause we be just start to think about it now . but what if we start think about it thirty year ago ? bill how ? we would have to start when we be like ten . 81. ted exactly ! bill ( eye widen ) whoa ! dude ! that mean , all we gotta do be -- ted -- go back and find ourselves when we be ten -- bill -- when we actually have 30 year to think about it .. and get ourselves think about it ! ( turn ) Ted - you have have many ingenious idea which on the surface seem counterintuitive . but this be the counterintuitivest of they all . let 's go , dude . they jump back into the phone booth , quickly dial . with a flash , the booth disappear and we cut to : int . bill 's childhood house - night van halen 's '' runnin 's with the devil '' play on the tape deck as 10 year old Bill and Ted jump on the bed , play air guitar and sing along . Super : San dima , California , 1980 the door open and 14 year old missy stick she head in . 14 year old missy you guy need to brush you tooth and get ready for bed . you folk will be home soon , Bill . 10 year old bill okay , missy . she put she walkman headphone back on , exit . 10 year old ted dude , you babysitter be cute . 10 year old bill I know , remember when we be in kindergarten and she be in third and we ask she to the pumpkin dance ? 82 . they hear loud rapping on the window . there , outside , in shadow , desperate and frenetic , be adult Bill and Ted . bill dude ! let we in ! hurry ! 10 year old ted wh- who be you ? ted do not worry ! we be you , it 's fine ! the boy - terrify - turn and try to run out - but Bill and Ted open the window and rush in and catch they at the door . bill dude , listen to we . we be you . we be what you will become . ted yah - and we be here to prevent you from destroy time and space as we know it . bill not to mention destroy you marriage . and alienate you kid . ted Elizabeth be gonna be the love of you life , Ted , and you be gonna blow it . and will and theo will think you two be completely blind idiot , which you be . bill you will be lonely beyond description without joanna , Bill . especially when mom walk out on you and never come back . ted but ! here 's the good news : it do not have to happen . bill yah , all you gotta do be take the next 30 year to figure out how to save you wife and son and in - law from be hang in 1428 ! simple , right ? ted but you gotta start now - like right now . the two boy be too stunne and scared to speak . Bill and Ted kneel down , get right in they own face . 83 . bill so -- be you gonna spend the next 30 year figure this out ? be you ? be you ?? the two kid , look like they be about to cry , be so scared that they can not even manage tiny little nod . Bill and Ted look at each other . ted dude , they be not get it . what do we do ? int . phone booth - moment later Bill and Ted shove they beyond - terrify , whimper , tremble young selve into the booth . as Ted dial .. a car screech into Bill 's driveway and a woman ( 35 , pretty , curly blonde hair ) rush towards they , yell at the top of she lung -- woman stop !! what be you do ?? Bill 's jaw drop in amazement as the booth spark .. Bill and Little Bill both press they face to the glass .. bill / little bill mom ! mrs . preston bill ??! but the shimmer booth be now drop -- and just before it disappear , Bill notice that -- in the swirling vortex Mrs. Preston have slip and tumble in and now -- in the circuit of time - continuous Bill be horrify . bill oh , no ! I always know I be responsible for my mom 's leave . ted dude , you be not . 84. bill Ted , I literally just be . Mom ! mrs . preston ( 0.s. ) ( voice disappear ) billllll1111111111 ...... Bill and Little Bill stare in horror and we cut to .. ext . england - on top of the castle wall ( 1428 ) the booth land back on the parapet and .. Bill and Ted drag they 10 year old selve out of it . bill Bill : stop cry . even though Mom 's go , I love you and I will always be there for you . ted dude - you can not promise that . bill okay - I will not be there for you . but you be gonna have to be there for we . ted yah . you guy have to see this . gradually the terrify 10 year old open they eye . ted ( cont 'd ) now . be this burn on you brain ? the kid stare down at the confusion : royal guard on the inside - soldier from all of time on the outside , climb the wall , clamber to get in . they young selve give horrify nod . bill good . now . here 's what you need to do : ted see that people down there ? that be you beloved wife and son - and that 's they grandparent . they be about to be hang by they neck till they be dead . bill you do not want that to happen ? spend the next thirty year come up with a plan to get we out of this . 85 . ted and do it fast . Cause we only get about thirty second and we do not have any idea what to do . bill now get go . ( swatting he young self on the ass ) get. ted ( shove himself roughly ) iw n . as they shove the kid back into the booth and speed - dial the number -- and boom . bill even though space- time be unravel - because of you - it do not matter . you have to save they . ted so do not blow it . bill do not blow anything . ted do everything right , always . you two - alone - be responsible for save everything . okay ? the booth be go . alert the attention of two guard with bow and arrow , who turn , on the parapet , and start toward .. Bill and Ted - who quickly spot -- a stairwell and hurry into it , mull what just happen as they rush down it . ted ( cont 'd ) I do not think that go particularly well . bill yah . I think in we desperation we come on a bit too strong . 86 . ted I know , midway through , I start to totally remember this whole thing from when it happen to we . bill I know . I have always think that be just some weird nightmare . ted yah - the worst nightmare of all time . bill totally . so bad that I musta completely block it out . ted but now that we be talk about it - it 's like in the back of my mind , I have always be think about it . bill I know .. I , too . ted dude . be it even possible that it work ? bill what do you mean ? ted well .. what if we now have be think about this - subconsciously - for thirty year ? bill I do not know . then I guess we have know more about what to do . ted yah. like .. I do not know .. Ted reach into he jacket packet and pull out the large blob of yarn . bill dude , you be gonna knit ? ted I do not think so . I think I be gonna just do .. this . Ted hold the yarn blob right in front of Bill - and instantly - there 's a '' thwook '' - and a speed arrow lodge right in the blob - and not into Bill . 87 . bill / ted whoa ! suddenly Ted turn , shift he arm , and - thwook - thwook - two more arrow lodge into the blob . from the castle guard who would just see they on the parapet . they look at each other and now burst out a door and into -- a courtyard on the castle ground - continuous where it 's chaos : soldier and denizen from all of time drop down over the wall and swarm , do battle with the royal guard . Bill and Ted make they way out . bill dude - you have be think about this ! that must be why you have be make yarn blob all this year ! ted whoa ! yah ! I wonder what you have be think about ? bill I do not know . I look forward to find out . suddenly they both freeze as they hear loud voice in ancient chinese and they turn slowly to see : 2 dozen hun stand before they , spear raise , with a leader yell in mongolian . subtitle : kill they both ! Bill and Ted 's eye widen - ted whoa ... Ted yank a knitting needle , hold it '' threateningly . '' it do nothing . the hun come closer . suddenly -- a offscreen voice yell loudly in ancient mongolian . subtitle : leave they - keep moving ! now !! the hun look at the guy for a second .. and then move on , push past . ted ( cont 'd ) whoa .. I do not even see who say that . 88 . Bill look at ted with a little smile . and then , with he mouth completely close , he say : bill voice I neither , dude ! ted whoa ! I be not sure what 's more impressive : you ventriloquism , or you use of ancient mongolian . bill thanks ! and I spend that whole summer and only learn two phrase ! I guess I will not get to use the other one . ( then , turn ) hing tak ga . subtitle : excuse I , dude he step aside as a mongolian warrior move past , almost hit he . gain confidence now , they start move again . ted ( point ) we family be just on the other side of that wall . indeed - there 's a large castle wall just on the other side of this courtyard . bill how we gonna get through all this and over there ? they see a horse -drawn carriage move through the chaos . bill / ted Camp weekhoko - summer of 83 ! they two of they race to the wagon and slide under - immediately get into '' crab-walk '' position ( leg forward , hand behind , body face up ) and - use the carriage as '' cover '' -— they crab-walk exceedingly fast - scuttling forward under the carriage . they be very good at it . ( and they know it . ) ted dude - that whole summer - all the counselor be like '' do not you wanna do anything besides crab-walk ? '' bill and we be like -- 89 . bill / ted nope ! ted now we know why . and they roll out - rise . look at the wall - and then look at two fell flag pole which have just be knock from the wall . ted ( cont 'd ) pole vault ! bill good idea , dude ! they each grab a end of one of the long flagpole and try to plant the pole , but they both just end up run along the pole with it slide through they hand until they both face plant at the other end of the wood . ted dude . bill I know . I just remember : we never learn how to pole vault ! ted then why do we think this pole be a good idea ? the guy look at the long wooden stick they be hold in they hand . a moment later Bill and Ted be stilt - walking - 25 foot in the air . ted ( cont 'd ) I be not sure this be such a good idea either . we be still not high enough to get over the wall . bill I know . and I feel somewhat vulnerable and expose . below they horde of soldier be approach they long , spindly wooden '' leg . '' ted maybe we should wave to they like uncle sam. 90 . bill dude - what do uncle Sam say ? bill / ted ( alternate , while wave ) good day citizen ! happy fourth of July ! we be uncle Sam ! we want you .. to stop try to knock we over ! ted dude - we have to remember to not have this misguide stilt - walk plan . below they soldier whack the stilt . the guy teeter . bill well there must be some reason we do it . they hear a o.s. screech and suddenly see two huge , scaly reptilian clawe feet rise up over the wall .. ted that 's why ! they reach up and grab the leg . now look up and see the underbelly of a huge scaly fly beast . below - the shadow of a pterodactyl move toward the wall as the guy rise up .. bill dude - I hate to even ask this question .. but how - and when - could we have learn how to ride pterodactyl ? ted I be not sure we do , dude . bill oh , yah . they look at each other -- and then just fall to the ground with a double whumpf as we hear heavy wing flump away . ext . castle courtyard —- continuous they look up . they be at the foot of the executioner -- just yard away from where they wife and child have they head on block . bill ted joanna ! theo ! Elizabeth ! will ! they family look up as Bill and Ted rise , full of confidence . gl . bill stop , executioner . ted unhand we family . now . joanna Bill ? elizabeth Ted ? suddenly sword appear at they neck . bill apparently 30 year be not quite enough time . scaffolding Bill and Ted 's head be place in noose next to the other . the guy look at they wife and son . ted Liz .. will .. I be sorry . we try to save the world - but we fail . bill ( to joanna and theo ) we try to save you - and we fail that , too . bill / ted I love you both . the King nod - the hangmen start away from the scaffold . ted I must say - it 's darkly ironic that the name of the song we supposedly write be '' face the Music '' .. bill ( nod ) cuz I think that 's what we be about to do . there 's a beat . will and theo look at each other . will wait - dad - what do you say the song be call ? ted face the Music . 92 . now the woman look at each other .. then at Bill and Ted ... grasp something . below , the King get in position for the execution . elizabeth Ted . joanna Bill . bill / ted what ? the woman nod to the boy , who be look at they dad . and suddenly ... it hit Bill and Ted like a tidal wave . they eye widen . they look at they son . bill that 's you song , be not it ? Ted wriggle a hand free , manage to reach into he pocket and pull out the now - crumpled sheet of paper that he take from will the night before . he unfold it .. and open it . it 's sheet music . written on the top be the word '' face the music . '' ted I have have it in my pocket the whole time . now , below , the King give a signal . the executioner move toward the lever - and begin to pull it .. bill that future guy be right , there be a song . ted I just kinda wish we have figure this out a bit sooner . they be all about to hang ... when suddenly , from outside the castle , we hear : a amplified voice citizen of medieval England , this be the San dima Police . come out of the castle immediately . I repeat : come out of the castle immediately . this be you last warning . suddenly canister fly over the wall and pink tear gas fill the air . people wheeze , cough , cry , as -- 93 . deacon 's police car crash through a gate and drive into the castle courtyard , smash into the base of the wooden scaffold .. bring it all toppling to the ground . Logan jump out , in a gas mask . as he frees the logan and preston , the Duke and duchess ... ted dad ? what be you do here ? logan I be wrong about you , Ted - and I be sorry - and we be all leave . come on . ( then - to the Duke and duchess ) Chet Logan . Ted 's dad . duke John , and this be my wife Mary . Duke and duchess of North umberland . this while they rush through the melee - pile into the car - 5 in front , 5 in back . deacon slam it into gear - and it accelerate , shimmer and disappear . int . circuit of time - a moment later windblown , chaotic , light swirl . deacon try to navigate as the car careen through - barely . the Duke be in Logan 's lap . between they , the duchess be on theo 's lap . Bill and Ted be in the back with joanna , Elizabeth and will . deacon where be we go , Ted ? ted the fabulous Forum ! deacon crank the wheel - the car shake violently - as if crossing a bridge that 's a the brink of give out . logan this be impossible ! suddenly a silver streak of light flash past they . deacon what be that ? the guy look forward -- it 's the silver booth . with rollins inside . he nod - beckon they to follow . ted it 's help . 94 . bill follow he . deacon do . and now , through the shudder circuit of time , they swoop and swerve - until finally -- ext . fabulous forum - night - present day the police car drop to the ground in front of the Forum - where the ground be shaking and crack . they race out of the car -- ted duck ! and have to squat to avoid a pack of pirate who be fire musket at come cowboys .. they all start move with they family . as they pass the silver booth -- rollins emerge - join they . he carry two large case . bill dude - thank you . ted do you think it 's too late ? rollins we will see . ( then ) my dad always say you would figure it out , sooner or later . the guy slow .. bill wait .. ted be you dad .. rufus ? rollins nod . and they all start through -- the tunnel which be over - run with anachronistic madness . Logan billy club a samurai . deacon tase a sabertooth tiger . joanna beanbag a Nazi . Elizabeth pepper spray George Washington . 95 . GEORGE WASHINGTON my eye ! my eye ! elizabeth sorry ! sorry ! they make they way through , fend off whatever '' obstacle '' be in they way . Bill and Ted turn to rollins .. ted okay - dude - you have to tell we now .. bill why do you take we family back to 1428 ? rollins it be obvious that there be no version of you guy see what be right in front of you until it be no longer right in front of you . Bill and Ted look at he - and he point - indicate .. the stage where in all direction it 's utter mayhem . every century - every epoch - crash up against each other . the Forum be shaking - a crack be form in its ceiling . Bill and Ted rise and walk on - join will and theo . will what do we do ? bill you just play . will what do we play with ? rollins open the two case . the boy look inside : it 's Bill and Ted 's amazing guitar . the boy look at they dad . Theo that be you guitar . ted they be yours now . the boy look at they mom . 96 . joanna it 's a great song , theo . just go ahead and play it . bill wait . you have hear it ? elizabeth dozen of time . will the thing be .. it 's kind of a.. well , it 's a bigger sound . Theo yeah - it 's not really something we can play on we own . we kind of need everybody . ted I be not sure I know it . will it 's okay , dad . all you gotta do be follow along . Bill and Ted look at each other . nod . pick up two other guitar that rollins be hand they .. bill I think we can do that . joanna and Elizabeth sit at the drum and keyboard . Bill and Ted remain just outside the limelight - but there , behind the boy .. who look at each other . Cross to center stage . Theo ready , will ? will ready , theo . Theo one .. will two .. will / Theo one two three four .. and from the very first note of the very first chord .. 97 . all around the forum what begin as the most violent , chaotic , out of control altamont - like riot become the great woodstock - type peace and love festival of all time . fights stop . Soldiers put down they weapon , take seat .. the crack in the ceiling recede .. fan start to fill in : from aisle , they take seat . other come in through the tunnel . other people be suddenly there as well : Logan take a seat up front next to the Duke and duchess , and mr . preston , who nod - still bum and lonely - look . missy be sit with they . deacon join they . Bill and Ted look at each other - smile - beginning to get a feel for the music . they glance at they wife .. who smile back . as the song continue .. and will and theo begin to pick up they rhythm and confidence .. the arena continue to fill in more and more . now there be 2,000 .. now 4000 .. rollins watch from the wing as .. the Forum be now full -- except for a few empty seat by Bill 's father .. -- until there 's a flash of light and -- drop into one of the seat be .. bill mom !? mrs . preston ( at 75 ) , who shimmer and drop plop down , right next to Mr. Preston . mr . preston Louise ! ? they embrace joyfully . then , suddenly , there be six quick flash and , with they - like a crazy slot machine suddenly pay off .. six more Mrs. preston - in age vary from 35 to 70 - into the same row . mr . preston ( cont ’d ) Louise ?? Louise ! ?? 98 . they all converge - hugging he . Ted look at Bill - who be thrilled . ted you get seven mom , dude ! and now the music really kick in . and the guy 's 95 year old selve could not have possibly be more correct when they say Bill and Ted would never feel prouder in they life . the family play the song . the crowd be cheer , arm in the air , exultant , thrilled , sing along -- present at the pivotal moment of history and feel it . wide shot - the forum as the song roll on , rock the giant stadium , we cut to : the year rolling by -- five year into they new future , 25 year old will and 25 year old theo be join in the garage by 50 year old Bill and ted. joanna and Elizabeth enter with food . jump CUT to : ten minute later - the entire family be play . all six of they - with joanna and Elizabeth on piano and drum . jump to : -- ten year into the future . same gang play . but there be two new people : will and theo 's lovely young wife . who now join they . cut to : thanksgive dinner .. with all of they .. and deacon , missy , Logan , and Bill 's 7 mom . the Duke and duchess . and death and rollins . and something else : two little girl .. -- Fifteen year into the future . 60 year old Bill and Ted with they now 5 year old granddaughters on they lap . Teaching they simple chord on the guitar . Quick shot : kid grow ; holiday ; more music .. and finally : ext . porch - 50 year into the future 95 year old Bill and Ted , on rock chair , smile , happy , strumm guitar together as we pull away and see .. more grandchildren sit at they foot . and joanna and Elizabeth - 95 now , too - at they side . will and theo -— now 75 - with they . there be great grandchildren .. 99 . even great great grandchildren . the lawn be full , teeming with life . and that voice we hear at the very beginning of the movie belong to 95 year old bill - who look out , with 95 year old ted - at the generation upon generation of family before they .. they be complete the tell of a long , long story : 95 year old bill and as they look back on everything they have do .. everywhere they would be .. everyone they have know ... 95 year old ted there be only one word to describe it . there 's a pause . the old man look at each other - then out at they child and they child 's child .. and smile . and say - quietly - and with deep conviction : bill / ted excellent . close on bill and ted smiling , watch out over all of it .. with joanna and Elizabeth now sit at they side , hold they hand . and then cut to : ext . porch - day empty . the rock chair be motionless . the house be now silent . and we .. fade out . Roll credit . and then , after the very last credit .. we CUT to : ext . san dima - 1980 - night --flash . the phone booth land in the lawn of Bill 's childhood home . and out of it step .. 10 year old Bill and Ted . who turn - sort of shell - shocked - but now able to grasp the enormity of what just happen . they turn . gradually . and take in the thing that just bring they here .. the phone booth . 100 . Wide -ey , they look at each other . 10 yr old bill / ted whoooaaaaaa .. and as they be just about to start a exuberant AIR guitar , we CUT to black . the end **