3 interscope E communications , inc . hoo o 00412 " bill and ted' bogus journey " bill and ted go 70 hell by ee 's Chris matheson and £ 4 Solomon . Rev. 9/19/90 fade in : a sign carve neatly into a lush hillside read : " Bill and Ted University , establish 2425 a.d . " crane up . the sign rest in the midst of roll tree - cover hill which house a glass -dome , ecologically harmonious university . Super : " san dima , california . 2691 a.d . " a group of student ( of all nxtionality ) suddenly float past camera on they " AIR - bike " -- cherry - picker - like " hoverpod " with black panell bottom . they come to a stop on the ground near the base . of one of the dome . '' as each student dismount , he overturn he " bike " and its panell bottom fit neatly among other similarly overturn craft to form a solar generator of sort . ( we get the feel that everything here be very ecologically agreeable . ) as the student , back - pack over they shoulder , gather onto a hide platform and begin to descend , we CUT to : inside one of the dome moucu . 2 glassy , suffuse with light , and with much surround foliage . prevalent be two statue : very old man whom we easily recognize as 90 - year - old Bill and Ted . beneath one be the word : " be excellent to each other . " under the other : " Party on , dude . " the just - arrive student separate , head toward various " learn center . " and we CUT to : int . learning CENTER - moment later pocket of colorfully - dress student flow throughout this space , pick up various lesson on history , geography , philosophy , etc . in one section a dozen or so student sit very casually , look up at : a three -dimensional " blackboard " upon which be scrawle one of the most elaborate mathematical equation ever write . as we pull back , we see that the person do the write be none other than rufus , as we know hin . nd rufus ( " chalk " in hand ) .¢. then , of course , we take the square root of the cosign to determine the alacrity of the incipient angle , thereby create a most non-heinous accoustical reverberation ... ( turn ) be not that right , pythagoras ? a hologram of pythagorus nod , then speak in he native tongue : pythagorus rufus , ereh see tatiweh etep . ( the translation -- " sure be , rufus " -- be subtitled across the hologram , so the student may see what he 's say . ) rufus ( turn to another hologram ) isoscele , any comment ? next to pythagorus , the isosceles hologram shake he head . rufus turn to a third hologram . rufus , £ 12 Van halen ? wooee the third hologram , that of eddie van halen , nod . van halen hologram ( thumb up ) Station . rufus my feeling exactly . ( then , continue ) next we need to determine the absolute value -- rufus suddenly stop as in the back of he classroom , two black - clad , severely -dress student check they pocket watch , then rise and quietly slip out of the roon . rufus hesitates a moment ... then glance : out a window where several more student ( also wear conservative , stiff , black outfit ) be steal across the campus . rufus glance at he watch . nod to himself . turn . we rufus . ' j.s. , why do not you take over ? a Johann sebastion bach holograph nod , then turn toward the " blackboard . " he speak in german , with the subtitles project holographically before hin . bach hologram ( in german ) continue with rufus 's ingenious theory of harmonic dissonance ... int . hallway - same rufus exit the classroom and start down the hall after the rapidly - scurrying student in black ahead of he . CUT to : a empty corridor bootstep echoing , the serious student move briskly . around a corner , they heavy , formal clothing rustling as they go . rufus h0000412 round the same corner and stop . look : the hallway be empty . then turn ... notice a grate in the wall . it 's loose ..: move closer , he hear noise ... clanking , clatter , clamoring . he re-fit the grate , look around . move toward -- a white - panelled wall and remove he security pass . he press a button and the wall part , revealing a secret elevator . rufus step inside , attaches he security pass to he jacket ... and the white - panell wall reclose . whip pan to : a black -clad student , who step forward . the Student speak into a tiny device : | student he 's on he way . voice ( from the device ) Station . CUT to : the dank , watery bowel of the university where the campus 's organically - fuel carbine and water - power generator get they power from a flow underground river . a dozen or so of this rigid , unsmile student have gather and be murmure amongst themselves . suddenly they fall silent as -- eo there leader -- a tall , commanding older man , also wear dark , conservative clothing descend from a catwalk and slowly approach the group of student ( call they the rebel ) . leader it be time . they have reach the second crucial turn point in they destiny . the moment of they " great discourse . " the first annual " Southern California ... ( profoundly ) ++. Battle of the band . " the " message " in they great speech be about to reach million . and now be the time to change that . we hear a little " ding " and , across the room -- the elevator b 0000412 open , and rufus , more than curious , slip out and cut behind a generator , eye widen in recognition ... es rufus «+. De nomolos . my old teacher ... back to shot the leader , do nomolos , walk before he troup of assemble rebel . do nomolos if we mission be successful , the course of history will be shift , and fundamental value will be restore to the world . discipline . order. consensus . no longer will we world be dominate by the legacy of the two ... ( spitting ) | other ( murmure ) idiot . morons. cretins ... do nomolos and no longer will we hear ... this . @ De nomolos do a hate - fill AIR guitar . do nomolos we must stop they now . . ( then ) Brothers and sister , be we ready ? Automatic weapon be pull , and De nomolos cross to a old - fashioned wagon which contain two cover figure . do nomolos fellow rebel , I introduce to you ... my secret weapon . De nomolos suddenly yank off the cloak , revealing : bill and ted stand , freeze , stare ahead . ' rufus be shocked . back to shot De nomolos push a button and suddenly the two figure come to life . bill and ted mo 2 how 's it goin’ , rebel ! everyone gasp . several of the rebel , as if act on a gut response , FIRE shot at the two figure -- who show no reaction to be pelt by bullet . De nomolos raise he hand to stop the rebel , then snap he finger . suddenly -- bill and ted grab they lower lip and pull they " skin " off they face , revealing a elaborate patchwork of intricate wiring and circuitry . around the room the rebel stare , repulse , at the two figure . do nomolos aytomaton , brother and sister . only , program with ny agenda . the robot look around . ( we ’1ll call they evil bill and ted . they be in every way exact duplicate of we two guy . ) De nomolos turn to then . bb do nomolos now . what be you mission ? . evil bill okay , first we totally kill Bill and ted. evil ted yah . then we take over they life . evil bill then we utterly destroy ‘em ! evil ted then , at the concert ... we give the speech they be gonna give . do nomolos ( to the rebel ) and thus , a new future be bear . ( to the robot ; smile ) sterling . b0000412 evil bill do not tell we , you program we ! ( be evil Ted ) he 's totally a robot ! AIR guitar . evil ted so be you , dude ! evil bill I know ! evil ted we be total Metal head ! . do nomolos silence ! the bob , robotic Bill and ted be meet with nothing but disgust glare . have see enough , creep back to the elevator and pause . suddenly a hand clasp down on he shoulder . rufus turn . it 's the Student from the hallway ( who be follow wwe ) student qpen the door . rufus hesitates . the Student cock he gun . so rufus open it . and now ... do nomolos and all the rebel be stand directly before he at the elevator door . do nomolos rufus , my favorite pupil ... I know you have come . rufus De nomolos ... I think you be -- do nomolos Dead ? no. just ... in preparxtion . I work within the system as long as I could , until I could stand it no longer . rufus you will never get away with this , De nomolos . do nomolos time will tell . , roar ? rufus a time have tell . do nomolos I will change that . the student train they gun on rufus . De nomolos nod to the security pass . do nomolos take we to the booth . De nomolos push in , and we CUT to : int . the large dome remodel since we last see it , it be larger , 's airier . the three most important people in the world sit , as before , suspend in mid-air . they meditation be suddenly break as a bell ding and -- the secret elevator open , and Bill , Ted and rufus walk out with the rebel in tow . the important people gape . most important person ++. rufus ? do nomolos _( step out from behind ) better . De nomolos signal , and the rebel blast apart the two hang hologram of bill and ted ( to the great joy of evil Bill and Ted ) -- evil bill and ted excellent !! -- then turn to the Three important people , gun draw . De nomolos walk forward . do nomolos the booth . beat . the important people gape , stunne , at evil Bill and Ted . evil ted do not look at we ! evil bill we be totally evil robot !! AIR guitar . interrupted by -- houlus 12 do nomolos now ! if you wish to spare the life of you ... second great professor . ( turn ) no offense , rufus . and he slug rufus with the butt of he weapon . rufus drop to the floor , groggily open he eye as ... the most important person look at the other , then slowly extend a glowing golden ball ... which rise toward the ceiling . suddenly the phone booth descend , come to a rest in a pool of white light in the center of the room . evil Bill and Ted stand , head bob agreeably as the rebel respond to De nomolos 's litany : do nomolos what be the fuel ? rebel fear . do nomolos what be the engine ? rebel discipline . . do nomolos what be the ideal ? rebel order . do nomolos ( to evil Bill and Ted ) and how will we achieve it ? don sunglass , evil Bill and Ted step into the booth and call : evil bill and ted death to Bill and Ted ! rufus , barely conscious , shimmy toward a roped - off floor amp and two lean guitar , and just as -- bh0000412 evil Bill and Ted get a " connection " and there be a flash -- rufus grab a guitar and hurl it across the room ! the booth begin to drop , but before it disappear , the v-shape edge of the guitar get tangle in the now- remodel booth antenna , cause rufus to be drag across the room . De nomolos gasp . the rebel FIRE , but -- evil bill and ted 's disappearing voice whoaaaaaaaaaa !! -- the booth dij , pulling rufus down with it . and we smash cuT to : ext . large outdoor amphitheater - san dima ( 1991 ) - night with a blind flash of light and a burst of smoke , bill and ted ( the actya ) one ) jump to the center of the stage and torture some final wail chord out of they guitar . the princess ( joanna and elizabeth ) back they up . and.as the music grind into a strange , plodd vamp , Bill step forward . bill thank you ! hope we do okay for this audition . I be Bill S. Preston , esquire . this be Ted " Theodore " Logan ... Ted do a lame little riff on he guitar . they turn to the woman . 10 . ted and , on drum and keyboard , celebrate they fifth year in this century , be the beautiful princess from medieval England ... joanna and Elizabeth !! the princess nod . bill and we be ... bill / ted / joanna / elizabeth stallyn ! Bill look over at Ted , nod . bill ( sotto ) . Close the show , dude . ho000412 ted ( nod , turn front ) finally , in close , we just want to say ... ( try to remember ) okay , a lotta time you feel ... you feel ... ( look at Bill ) dude , take it . bill well ... like , he say ... life be ... be ... pause . the music sort of stop . silence . beat . then , abruptly , the light go out . one person applaud slowly . ted 's voice ( sotto ) at least she 's not boo we . elsewhere in the theater - moment later onstage , joanna and Elizabeth be take apart they instrument ' while , seat in the third row , Bill and Ted listen intently as : a local promoter , tall , blonde rianne wardroe , speak candidly . ' ms. wardroe okay , first off , you close speech . it 's the lamest thing I ever hear . : will ted yah . we know . we do not know what . to say . . ms . wardroe I mean , you guy keep tell I you be gonna be the great band in the world , but you stink . bill ( nodd ) yah . we do not understand it either . ms . wardroe you can not sing , you can hardly play , you song be terrible . you have no stage presence whatever . I mean , guy ... the Battle of the band be the biggest event for new band in the area . we have even get live coverage on Channel thirteen . now , if you be I , would yoy put you guy on ? bill and ted 12 ( instantly ) powre '' no way . wardroe look down at she note , shake she head . ms . wardroe however ... for some reason , I have faith in you two . so ... I be give you a shot . bill and ted ( brighten ) excellent ! ms . wardroe ( quickly ) . but last . Midnight . by that time everyone should have leave . ted if they have not , they will by the time we be do . bill yah -- we fully clean out Ted 's little brother 's junior high school dance ! 12 ted ( be Bill ) . they totally turn on La bamba while he be play he solo ! bill shut up , Ted . ms . wardroe ( cut they off , serious ) guy -- do yourselves a favor . prepare a little . work on you act . think of something . do not embarrass yourselves too badly , huh ?.- I mean -- you be go to be on local iv . bill thanks , Ms. wardroe . we will not let you down . but the guy look at each other , know they probably will . wardroe nod , smile . ext . amphitheater - a short while later as the guy walk toward the van : 6oo004 12 bill we do give a most egregiously non - outstanding performance . ted . yah . and it take we two month to work out we show . bill not to mention we speech . ted we be most unaccomplish orator . bill good thing we get the princess . ted at least they can play . they near Bill 's 1969 black chevy Van , into the back of which the princess have finish load the equipment . bill ( to Ted , sotto ) @ do you call missy ? 13 ted ( nod , same ) everything 's ready . should be a most resplendent birthday party . bill shall we , lady ? the princess nod and we CUT to : ext . bill and ted 's apartment build - a little while later the Van be park in front of a two -story , stucco apartment complex . we hear the murmure of a small crowd of people . int . bill and ted 's apartment - same hard rock poster and history book abound . on the wall , frame sign photo of historical figure from the last adventure ( napoleon , socrate , genghis Khan , etc . ) . a booming sound system . and , in a place of honor , two 8 - by -10 photo of joanna and Elizabeth . but some of this be obscure because : a small party 's in progress . a hanging banner read : " happy 521st birthday joanna and Elizabeth . " . 2 among the crowd , we see captain logan , stand with Ted . though there have be a thaw in they relationship , they manner be still a bit strain . captain logan so ... I understand you have a little something else to celebrate tonight , huh , Ted ? ted oh , yah . we get into the battle of the band . I just hope we do not blow it too bad . captain logan well ... keep up the good work . ted thanks , dad . maybe someone will see we and give we a job . at this moment a stern , military - clad man step up to Captain Logan , slap he on the shoulder . army officer ( have overhear Ted ) if not , we have always get a spot for you , . Ted . Ted 's eye widen . he freeze . l4 captain logan oh , Ted , you remember Colonel Oats ? from the alaskan military school ? ted ( unable to speak ) how 's ... how 's ... colonel oat how be it go , Ted ? splendidly . remember , it 's not too late for you . ( as Bill step up ) for either of you . Colonel Oats look at Bill who , upon see Oats , immediately turn and start in the other direction . Oats put he hand on Bill 's shoulder . oat hope to see you soon , Bill . ( then , see something ) ah , fresh fudge . Bill swallow as Oats head toward a just - arrive plate of fudge , pass missy . missy hoot . 12 hi , oatsie . ( to Bill and Ted ) hi , guy . bill ( gulp ) how 's it goin 's , missy , I mean mon , I mean ... he trail off and , with Ted , stare as missy and Captain Logan exchange a jong kiss . ted ( sotto ) . I can not believe missy divorced you dad and marry mine . bill I know . what 's next ? ted maybe I . bill yah . then you will be you own step - dad . " ted that would be most unrivale . missy and Captain Logan pull apart for a second . then immediately start kissing again . Ted shake he head . : ted I can not believe they be go for it right in front of you dad 's photo ... they glance at a nearby frame newspaper article and photo of mr . preston . in it , Preston be bound , gag , and blindfolded . the headline read " San dima man inexplicably held captive in Beirut . " bill ( be Mr. Preston ) bad place for a vacation . ted ( try to cheer he up ) at least he die a patriot , Bill . bill he 's not dead , Ted . . hoeocc 472 ted ( neds ) well , he ’1ll die a patriot . bill shut up , ted. ted we all will , dude . bill shut up , Ted . missy and Captain Logan pull apart again . missy remove a book from a bag , show it to the guy . a missy oh . I get the girl this . do you think they 's 11 like it ? bill ( read ) " past live , past Lessons . " missy ( nod ) 4 you know , I believe what joanna and Elizabeth say about have live in medieval England . ( more ) 16 missy ( cont ’d ) ( lowering she voice ) see , I be once ty cobb . Bill and Ted nod , exchange glance . missy and Captain Logan start kissing again . Bill and Ted gape , then : ted let 's get out of here . as they start away : bill hey , Ted . ted what ? bill remember when you ask she out at they wedding ? ted h0000412 shut up , Bill . and they head into the kitchen , pass a goldfish BOWL . ted ( to goldfish ) how 's it go , W. axl Rose ? they disappear into the kitchen ... ted ( 0.s. ) I totally love my fish . ++- and we dissolve to : int . apartment - a few hour later we see card , paper cup , plate with cake-crumb and melt ice cream ... the party be over and the place be clear out . in the courtyard below Bill , Ted , joanna and Elizabeth be at a table by the light - up pool . joanna thank you for the lovely party . bill of course , babe . ted but we have not give you we gift yet . . 17 the princess look at each other . Bill and Ted hesitate a moment . ted okay . beautiful babe from England . even though we do not know what the future will bring ... bill well , actually , we do , sorta -- ted : but we do not believe it . bill anyw.ys , whatever it my bring ... the guy look at each other . bill / ted Excuse we , dude . and the two couple separate . Bill kneel at one end of other end with Elizabeth . intercut between Bill and the table with joanna . Ted kneel at the each remove a piece of paper . Ted , as each reveal he own deep , individual feeling : bill booo00 4 trp I write this myself . ( read ) joanna , as I wander through this dark and lone - ly forest of life , sur - round by various beast ; bear , viper , squirrel , not to mention small tree - grow lichen , woodpec - ker , tree rat , toad , slug , gila monster - - ~ oh , no , that 's desert -- ( beat ) but the point be : joanna , will you always wear this promise ring ? joanna Bill , I would love to . beat . joanna and Bill kiss . I write this last night . ( read ) Elizabeth , as I swim through this dark and fearful sea of existence , surround by various creature ; shark , eel , yellowtail , not to mention tiny barnacle and alga , man -o- war , starfish , blowfish , catfish -- oh , no , that 's freshwater -- ( beat ) what I mean to say be : Elizabeth , will you take this promise ring and wear it always ? elizabeth thank you , Ted . I have be honore . Elizabeth and Ted do the sane . the guy look at each other and - do a silent AIR guitar , as if to say " thing could not be go much better . " then , in the distance , we see ( but they do not ) : the sky high above they seemingly open up . there be a flash and we CUT to : : ext . circle k - night a cat sit chew on a burrito wrapper , as above it : the phone booth appear , plummett out of the cloud . as it whistle into view , head towards the ground , we hear : evil ted ( v.0 . ) aim for the cat , dude ! aim for the evil bill ( v.0 . ) I be try , evil Ted ! the booth careen a bit to one side and land with a crash , just miss the cat , who leap away , yowling . the door open . evil Bill and Ted , still wear shade , look around . evil bill whoa ... not bad . noc 004 12 evil ted yah ... let 's make it bad . evil Ted stick he finger into he head and pull out he eye . he speak to it : evil ted we be here , dude . the eye shimmer , and then , with a flash , De nomolos 's image appear in it . . do nomolos ( in ted 's eye ) be rufus with you ? evil Bill , listen over Ted 's shoulder , look around the booth . he see that the cord ( the one that rufus have tie onto the top of the booth ) have be severe ... and rufus be nowhere to be see . int . do nomolos 's lair - same De nomolos look at he two robat on a monitor . 19 evil bill ( on monitor ) look like we lose he in the circuit of time . do nomolos good . then he be go forever . ( then ) now - - first act of business : destroy they ridiculous , insipid band . evil bill and ted ( on monitor ) you get it , dude ! do nomolos get to work ! and as evil Ted re-insert he eye , thus shifting the poov.on the monitor , De nomolos stare grimly into it , seethe , and we CUT to : ext . bill and ted 's apartment - courtyard Bill and Ted be walk up the step toward they second floor apartment , alone . bill a dude . ted go oe 2 what ? wer bill maybe one day they 'il stay over with we . ted yah . we girlfriend be most chaste . . bill at least they be not dating we dad . ted = good. point , dude . they hear the phone in they apartment begin to ring . int . bill and ted 's apartment - continuous Bill rush in and pick the phone up . Ted enter behind hin . @ bill . hello ? 20 joanna 's voice . @ hi , Bill . this be joanna . bill what 's up , joanna ? joanna 's voice Elizabeth and I have speak and we have decide we be quit wyld stallyn . bill what !? why !? Ted press he ear to the phone . joanna 's voice we do not like you any more . and we never want to see you again . ted no way ! joanna we be go to the desert to be alone . bill hon00 412 but -- joanna' voice it 's over . . click . the guy look at the phone , then at each other . CUT to : ext . circle k - same evil Ted , phone in hand , look at evil Bill . evil ted ( in " joanna " voice ) I totally fool that other we 's ! i evil bill - yah . they be completely brilliant ... evil ted / bill not ! AIR guitar . then : a evil bill okay . let 's lose the booth and start phase ii . : 6 ras evil ted _ ( thumb up ) Station . they dial some number , the booth glow and disappear . CUT to : int . bill and ted 's apartment - a bit later Bill and Ted , beer in hand , sit totally deject on opposite end of the couch , stare blankly ahead . after a long beat ... ted what be we gonna do ? bill : we can not play without an . ted I do not want to play without ‘em . '' silence . bill . this be most non non-heinous . ted yah ... we gotta get ‘em back . bill ( nod ) hO000412 but how ? Long pause . they sink even further into the couch . the doorbell ring . Bill and Ted look at each other . bill I wonder who that could be ... Bill get up , drag himself to the door , and open it . then , he jaw drop as he sees : evil bill and ted stand in the doorway . evil bill and ted ( nodd very sympathetically ) how 's it goin’ , Bill and Ted ? Ted join Bill at the door , and they look at each other , eye widen . bill and ted whooaa ... 22 bill it 's we again . serious and solemn , Bill shake hand with himself . bill how 's it goin 's , Bill ? evil bill not bad , Bill . you ? bill ( shake he head ) bad . evil Ted nod understandingly , walk Ted back to the sofa , arm around he . evil ted we come to help you guy in you most unfortunate situation . Ted look skeptically at he robot doppelganger . they sit down . ted how ? hooco412 evil ted come with we , we will show you . Ted look at evil Ted ... ted Excuse I . ... then rise and cross to Bill . ted ( sotto ) dude . I get a weird feel here . bill why ? - I dunno . how do we know this guy | ted be really we ? they look over . the two evil one , finish off Bill and Ted 's beer , smile sympathetically at they . Bill look back at Ted . oo 23 bill @ Ted , we have be through this before . if it be not for that previous intervention of we future selve , would we have even pass history ? ( as Ted shake he head ) or meet the babe ? ( same ) or have a most excellent adventure through time ? Ted think , then look over at evil Ted , still a bit skeptical . ted okay . Ted . if you be really I ... how many finger be I about to hold up ? evil ted Three . beat . Ted hold up three finger . then brighten . ted whoa . you be right . @ Bill nod at ted. pe gee 12 evil Bill and Ted look at each other , roll they eye secretly , then : evil bill we will drive . let 's go . evil Bill and Ted hold the door open for Bill and Ted , who start out . as they pass : bill ted. ted what ? '' bill : I have a feel we be about to embark upon a most unprecedented expedition . Ted nod , and the two of they disappear out the door . behind they , evil Bill and Ted start to exit , then stop when they see the two frame photograph of the princess . evil Ted smile . : _ evil ted dude . 24 evil bill what ? - evil ted I gota full - on robot chubby . evil bill later , evil ted. later . they leave the photo and take off after Bill and ted. ext . apartment - night - continuous Bill , Ted , evil Bill and evil Ted walk toward the van . bill . so where in . the desert do they go ? evil bill you will see ... they get into the van , and as it take off , we CUT to : ext . i- 15 - heading east ~- a hour later the van shoot out toward the desert , window open . inside the van a aap '' 200412 Bill and Ted sit in the back , shiver . ted I be cold . bill yah . ( to the front ) could we have the heater back here ? evil Bill turn . ' evil bill ( darkly ) fan up , Bill . in the back , Bill and Ted look at each other , mouth agape . ted that you be a real jerk . bill yah , I gotta remember to be more considerate toward myself when I become he . evil Ted turn around . tw ut '' evil . ted he say shut you hole . Ted lean forward in direct confrontation with evil Ted . ted what be you problem , dude ? evil ted i '' not interested in you insipid jabker , insect . Ted 's eye just plain bug out . ted well excuse I , Ted ! Bill try to settle down this potentially volatile situation . bill hey , maybe we should stop for some food and talk this -- evil bill bo 2 oc 472 ( wheel ; bilious ) _ shut you rotting , stinking head , vermin . Bill and Ted , cow , slink into the back seat , look at each other . ted dude . I get a very bad feel ... Bill nod . ext . desert - a bit later the van cruise past a sign which read : " death Valley , 10 mile . " int . van as it bulipe atong a narrow , abandon road . . = as bill uh ... excuse I -- where be we go ? no answer . evil Bill and Ted stare ahead . Ted turn to Bill . ted = ( sotto ) | S dude . what if this be evil robot we 's from the future , send here to kill we and replace we ? bill & ( beat ) to ! Ted , that be most implausible . the van screech to a stop . ext . desert - just before dawn evil Bill and Ted throw open the side door . evil bill out . Bill and Ted climb out slowly , look around . ted so ... where be joanna and Elizabeth ? evil ted they be not here . hco0o0412 evil bill yah . we lie . here 's the truth : we be totally gonna kill you now . bill and ted Mo vay . evil ted yes way , Ted . we be fully program to do it . evil bill yah -- and we want to do it too ! bill ( to evil Bill ) you dick , Bill ! he lunge and throw a punch at evil Bill , quickly withdraw he hand in pain . . bill ow ! you be metal , dude ! evil bill I know ! check it out ! he rip open he chest , revealing a bunch of wire and circuit . - . : bill and ted s@ whoa ! 27 evil Bill and Ted do a AIR guitar . Bill and Ted , though frighten , be impressed enough to join they for a moment . then , evil Bill and Ted stop they . : evil bill - let 's go . bill and ted bogus . they be grab by the neck and yank out of frame and we CUT to : close on bill and ted 's face absolutely terrify . wider shot Bill and Ted be be carry toward a sheer , extremely high cliff by they much more powerful . counterpart . bill ( sotto ) Ted , we gotta try something . Ted nod . as they reach the cliff , Ted look at the robot . ted oot ( deliberately ) dude , even though you be do this , we ... we ... bill ++. we love you . ted ++. yah , we love you . pause . evil Bill and Ted exchange glance , smile cruelly , then look back at Bill and Ted . evil bill and ted 3 , Zag ! Bill and fed mouth drop open . evil bill and ted and with a final push , evil Bill and Ted release they grip and send Bill and Ted , scream , plummett helplessly off the side of the cliff . bill and ted noq waaaaaaaaayyyyyy .- -- 23 the scream grow more terrify as they grow fainter , all head toward a final , distant ... thump . hold on evil Bill and Ted , who smile , then carefully jean over the cliff ... and hang slow , drip loogy . evil Bill step back , nod . evil bill I totally loogied on that good dead I ! evil ted yah ! we be fully evil robot ! evil bill yah ! AIR guitar -- interrupt by evil ted 's eye , which suddenly flash white . then De nomolos 's face appear in they . they turn do nomolos ( in evil ted 's eye ) go to they home . turn everyone they know against they . and prepare for the speech . evil bill you get it , dude . ( then , as Ted blink and he eye return to normal ) let 's go , evil Ted . we get a whole evil agenda to fulfill . evil ted yah . and a evil speech to make . to the van . evil bill you wanna take this piece of junk ? evil ted Nah , this be beat . then look offscreen , evil Ted brighten . evil ted there go a porsche ! evil bill let 's bag it . evil ted how ? 29 evil bill I get a idea . evil Bill grab he own neck and be a ww and fire it up like a lawn mower . then , rock back like a quarterback , he hurl it . inside the speed porsche the driver react , amaze beyond word , as evil bill 's flying head sail right up next to he window . evil bill 's flying head pull over , dude ! the Driver grip the wheel , speechless , unable to react . then , suddenly , he hear : evil ted 's voice he say pull over ! he turn and be doubly - shocked to see that : floating alongside the other window be evil ted 's head . wie een 'e evil ted 's flying head ( beat ) how 's it goin 's ? the porsche driver slam on the brake . evil bill and ted 's flying head land and roll off into the desert . wide shot - the road as the porsche skid to a halt and the Driver get out and run across the desert , we see evil bill and ted 's headless body in the background run toward the car , and we CUT to : the bottom of the cliff where , behind a clump of shrub in a desolate ravine , be the two limp , lifeless form of Bill and Ted . a long moment pass . then , a heavy grey mist slowly drift in and suddenly a dark , ghostly figure wear a black , hood robe and carry a scythe appear over Bill and Ted . this be the grim reaper . 30 he reach he long , boney hand down toward the guy 's supine body and , with a soft , hiss sound -- he pull Bill and Ted -- vaque and transluscent -- out of they body . ; : the guy , now above they corpse , look at each other . ted Bill , what happen ? Bill look at Ted , eye widen . bill Ted -- we be dead , dude . ted no way . bill yes way . look . they both look down at they body . Ted gape . beat . then -- ted drange tte now what ? so the grim reaper lay a boney hand on each of they shoulder . the guy slowly turn they head ... and be face to boney face with death himself . bill / ted whea . bill you need a tan , dude . ted yah -- who be you ?? bill : Ted , it 's the grim reaper . ted oh ... ( then ) Nice robe , dude . grim reaper ( a deep , low voice ) you will come with I . the guy look at each other . hesitate . ' wu rarr ted Bill , we can not . we gotta get back . bill Ted , we can not . we be dead . ted we gotta stop that evil we 's . we gotta try . Bill look at Ted , nod . turn back to the grim reaper . bill Excuse we , dude , but be there any way back ? the grim reaper nod neavily . grim reaper you may challenge I to a contest . ( pause ) but if you lose , you will remain here , in the afterlife ... forever . Bill and Ted swallow , then -- ted she anoec4i2 what if we win ? the grim reaper smile a icy smile . grim reaper no one have ever win . beat . the reaper turn . beckon they with a boney finger . the guy look at each other . ted . ( sotto ) dude . we gotta ditch this guy . . bill definitely . but how ? bill / ted ( eye lighting up ) melvin ! and with a brief AIR guitar they point down to the reaper 's foot . ted Excuse we , dude , but you shoe be untied . 32 the grim reaper bend . over . Bill and Ted rush he . there be a flurry of yank and tug and flap black material and we hear a pain '' ooomph " as we CUT to : ext . desert - a moment later Bill and Ted be hurry toward a ridge . ted I can not believe we just melvine death . bill let 's just hope he do not catch up with we . they reach the ridge , look down at : a busy truck stop where two trucker ( mike and al ) , toothpick in mouth , be strolling to they truck . mike and al 's Pov '' 0000412 as they open they door , the truck appear empty . however , from : another angle we see Bill and Ted , still transluscent , seat in the center of the cab . bill how 's it goin’ , live dude ? ted ( to Bill ) we be totally haunted mansion . bill ( nod ; lean over to Mike ) beware of hitchhike ghost , dude . Mike , the driver , shiver . mike ( to Al ) you say something ? Al shake he head . ted it 's we ! bill and ted - boooooooooooohhhhh ... 33 Mike and Al both shiver a little . al : I get a weird feel . as the truck pull away , Bill and Ted continue to spook Mike and Al , and we CUT to : ext . san dima - morning the truck roll to a stop and Bill and Ted float out of the cab , look back at the trucker . ted thanks for the lift , dude ! bill they can not hear you , Ted . ted bor d¢410 oh , yah ... ( shaking he head ) too bad we will never get to thank an . the guy turn and walk away , disappointed . after a second , we hear a loud 0.s. crash and a explosion . the guy turn and see that : up ahead the truck have crash into a wall and go up in a huge fireball . after a beat , we see Mike and Al , now transluscent , float up into the air , away from the wreckage . Bill and Ted be speechless for a moment , then look at each other and cali : bill and ted des ! the ghost - trucker , rise , shake , look back at the guy and nod . as Mike and Al continue to rise , Bill and Ted start away . in front of mike and al the grim reaper appear and beckon to they , still pull at he underwear ... and we CUT to : : ext . bill and ted 's apartment house - moment later the guy pass a beat - up , overheate , obviously way over - drive porsche , which be park in front of the building . as they head up the stair , they hear loud music come through the open door . int . apartment Bill and Ted enter , look around . the music be cranke ond the place . be a mess . and the bedroom door be half - close . Bill and Ted slowly approach ... the bedroom ++. and peer inside . and gasp . before they , on they respective bed , evil Bill ated be welang out with joanna and Elizabeth . bill ne way . ted that evil we 's be totally score | with we girlfriend ! coo 4 evil Bill and Ted start to roll on top of the girl . evil ted come on , babe . evil Ted need some servicin’ . ted ( rush forward ) no ! let she go ! ' bill ( restrain he ) Ted , they can not hear you . ( then , turn towards evil Bill ) get off of she ! joanna push evil Bill off she and rise . joanna ( rattle ) I ... I do not understand what 's come over you , Bill . you be usually so nice . evil bill Nice be for puss -weed . get back here and put out ! joanna turn to Elizabeth , who have also rise to she fer , joanna let 's go . 35 Elizabeth nod , and the princess hurry out , right through the horrify Bill and Ted . evil Bill and ted turn , watch the princess leave , and call out : evil bill and ted catch ya later , babe ! we hear the front door slam . evil bill I get a idea . tonight at the concert , after we make De nomolos 's speech , let 's waste /em . Bill and Ted 's jaw drop . ted ( to Bill ) they be gonna make a speech as we ? bill no way . bh0000412 evil ted Station . for now , let 's trash this lame little rathole . evil bill stellar , evil Ted . please with themselves , evil Bill and Ted exit the bedroom . and Ted look at each other , shocked beyond word . bill we have get to stop then . : ted yah . but how ? ext . san dima police station - a little later Bill and Ted move into frame and look at the station . ted you really think this 's 1l work ? bill ( shrug ) it work in " the exorcist . " one and three . ted but not in " exorcist ii , the heretic . " : Bill 36 bill exactly , Ted . the guy take -a breath , move toward the station and we CUT to : int . station - conference room Captain Logan sit before a group of ten or fifteen officer , lead the morning briefing . captain logan «+- and we will be step up security at . the amphitheatre tonight for the '' Battle of the band . " Captain Logan 's second in . command , officer jame , smile -- officer jame I hear you son 's band 's gonna be play . logan bog og st do not remind I . also -- eguet 2 as Captain Logan look down at he . note , we see ( but no one else do ) Bill and Ted enter the room . bill so ... how do we do this ? Ted shrug . spot a desk . climb onto it . and , as if diving into a pool , leap into the air and then jump into he father 's ear . beat . Captain Logan go blank . then , suddenly , he look up from he note , a goofy , Ted -like expression on he face , and stand up . he look at the other officer , head bob . captain logan ( in a vaguely ted-like voice ) okay , dude . I mean , fellow . policeman . my son , Ted " Theodore " Logan and he friend , Bill s. Preston esquire , have be murder and replace by evil robot from the future . Bill , visible only to US , look over at Captain Logan , grin . bill you do it , dude ! Captain Logan nod and give a thumb - up to what appear to be a empty wall . 37 captain logan I totally possess my dad ! Captain Logan do a AIR guitar -- suddenly stop when he notice the other officer look at he . captain logan ( " officious " again ) okay . you gotta go over and arrest this robot so they do not ruin everything for I and Bill -- I mean , my son and Bill - - and , most importantly , they do not hurt the babe , uh , princess , uh ... beat .. he look around . the other cop stare at he . he look over at Bill ( the empty wall ) . captain . logan ( sotto ) this be not work . back I up , dude . p00004 12 Bill nod , step onto a chair behind Officer James , and , hold he nose , j ss ‘am Officer James go blank for a moment . then , suddenly bill-like , he look over at Captain Logan , and beam . officer jame I totally believe you , dude ! Captain Logan and Officer James high - five . then , Bill jump out of Officer James and into the Officer next to he ( officer pratt ) . officer pratt ( suddenly rise . and perk up ) I too ! Bill jusp from Officer Pratt to the Officer next to he ( officer hinkley ) .. officer hinkley ( same ) same here ! and another ( officer gass ) . 38 officer gass ( same ) I be with he ! ~ ( then , turn ) whoa ! donut ! captain logan excellent ! Captain Logan and Officer Gass stuff donut into they mouth , oblivious to the entire roomful of cop , who stare , utterly dumb found . officer gass good cruller . caf°ain logan yah . I get really hungry be dead . . officer gass now we be eat , but this be not even . we body ! captain logan bhogeus : 2 ( suddenly earnest ) '' dude , this be really weird . then , Officer Gass and Captain Logan stop and turn back to the silent , awestruck roon . ; captain logan anyway , that 's all . catch ya later , cop-dude . Captain Logan and Officer Gass go blank for a moment while we see Bill and Ted emerge out of they body and stand , transluscent , behind they erstwhile host . ted that be most invigorate . bill yah . but let 's see if it work . they watch , expectant , as Logan and Gass , still hold half - eat donut , crumb all over they face , " come to . " Logan , completely daze , shake he head . captain logan ++. meeting 's over . ted ( disappointed ) dad ! @ 39 Captain Logan sit , stunne . captain logan ( to James ) . I need a vacation . James , hinkley , Pratt and Gass nod in agreement . Bill and Ted look at each other , devastate . bill now what ? ted ( think ) wait - - it 's Saturday , right ? ( off Bill 's nod ) maybe missy can help we . . 4 ) int . logan house - a bit later 000041 2 dim light . wind chime . crystal . New age music ( John boswell 's " kindre spirit " ) play as we move along a row of six or seven relatively attractive , well - dress 25 - 30 year - old who sit on cushion in a half - circle , eye close , hand join . first woman ghandi . second woman aristotle . man ann. Boleyn . third woman President Chester A. Arthur . second man Clark gable . FOURTH woman charlemagne . : missy and I would like to contact ty cobb . she begin a incantation . meanwhile -- ext . house Bill and Ted be look in the window at this . 40 bill . have this channel stuff ever work ? . ted no . but it will today , dude . Bill nod and we CUT to : int . live room close on missy , eye close , head gently sway , as she finish she incantation and say : missy " oh great spirit from the netherworld , leave you celestial abode and speak upon we with you life lesson ... " we hear a slight hissing , and suddenly everyone tighten as two shimmery , bluish form appear near the top of the room . all eye widen . this be the first time anything have ever happen . missy om ( nervous ) - . 2 I ... I feel the spirit have arrive . bill and ted 's voice ( hollow , reverberate ) . how 's it goin’ , New Age dude ? a audible gasp . this people be totally unprepare for this . one of the shimmer form be float directly above missy . missy ( gulp ) spirit ... can you hear not ? | ted 's voice _ yah ... and we can totally see down you - = — bill 's voice ( sotto ; still reverberate ) it 's you mom , ted. ( then ) but you be right ! move over , dude ! 3 someone shudder . missy continue , try to keep it all together . - ee missy what ... what have you to say to we , spirit ? ted 's voice okay , see , evil robot come and -- bill 's voice ( cut he off ) Ted , we do not get time . ( then ) you son and he excellent friend Bill be kill . a scream in the room . the shimmer form do a AIR guitar . then : missy W -- what do you want ? bill / ted 's voice ( still hover above missy ) shift a little to the right / leave . another second . then -- bill 's voice ( heavily ) look in the desert , you will find the body . more scream . missy be barely hold this together . missy you must go ! ted 's voice listen to we !. beware of evil Bill and Ted ! . bill and ted 's voice beware ! beware ! beware ! missy begin frantically search through the pile of book in front of she . she look at the title of one of they : " the riddance of evil . " she crack it open , begin read . missy " oh evil spirit from Hell -- I send you back into the darkness from whence you come ! ( read ) " d’lrow eht elur , 1 / liw sirc d’na de ... " 42 close shot - ( what we can make out of ) bill and ted we get a sense that they be look at each other . ted what 's she doin 's ? bill I dunno , but I do not think it 's good ... suddenly , the incantation stop . bill and ted uh oh ... missy slaus the book shut , and then , in a instant -- whoosh ! the shimmer form whirl around the room before be sucked down through the floor -- bill and ted 's voice . a nooog waaayyyy !!!!! : - -- where they disappear from view , leave only a little " burn " mark in they place . : someone flick the light on . missy collect herself . missy l--1 --lunch anyone ? everyone nod and quickly begin to exit the room . as they do , the grim reaper appear just in time to hear : missy ( turn to woman # 2 ) '' well , I get rid of they ... but I wonder where I send then ... hold on the crim reaper , who look down , then shake he gaunt , pale hea@ , and we smash CUT to : a dark , endless hole down which Bill and Ted be plummett uncontrollably . bill and ted wheooooaaaaaaaa ! 1 !!! they continue to drop , scream . 43 in fact , they drop for so long that , finally , they stop scream and , still drop , look at each other . beat . - bill dude . this be a totally deep hole . ted yah ... ( then ) now what ? bill I dunno . pause . they keep fall . bill wanna play 20 question ? ted okay ... I get one . bill be you a mineral ? ted . yah. loe '' bill be you a tank ? ted yah . good one . they keep fall . more time pass . Ted yawn . ted I be bored . bill yah . ( then ) knock knock . ted who 's there ? bill wyld . ted wyld who ? 44 bill wyld stallyn !! AIR guitar , arid then , suddenly -- ~~ whomp . they land on the edgye -- barely -- of a craggy , reddish coal - like rock . bill / ted whoaaaa .... but before they can get a grip -- boom -- heavy black boot belong to nazi stormtrooper stomp down on they hand . the guy slip off and begin -- falling again bill / ted whoaaaa .... this time onto - - eoy a se ag another rock where they land on a diving - board - like plank , and instantly be surround by a gang of pirate , who back the guy off the plank , send then -- falling again bill / ted and landing -- thud -- on yet another rock -- this time surround by gangster : bill / ted ( as they be shot at ) no way ! they tumble backward -- falling yet again and land , this time solidly in the center of : a smoking , blisteringly hot , live room - size rock where they brush themselves off . and pick themselves up from the dusty , reddish surface ... 45 bill whoa ... not bad . ted yah . can we do it again ? the guy become aware of a indistinct chorus of moan and a battery of trudging footstep . they look around , for the first time get a full perspective of where they be . they be : in a vast , infinite , inferno perched upon a rock - = - one of seemingly billion which hover chain - link to a massive CENTER rock . on thelr rock the guy react . bill / ted no way ... ted this be not what I expect this place to look like at all . bill yah . we get totally lie to by we album cover . then , abruptly , a enormous pitchfork be drive into the ground between Bill and Ted , and a tall , heavily build demon guard , dress all in black , grab they and whip they out of frame . second later Bill and Ted gulp as two tiny demon guard ( dress like the large Guard ) shackle they foot and thrust sledgehammers at then . ' the guy look at each other . . bill and ted non nen nen-triumphant . ' a whip crack and they have no choice but to begin break rock . Bill hit . Ted hit . Bill hit again . Ted hit again . finally : ted dude , I totally break a rock . bill Way to go ! they continue break . Bill hit . Ted hit . Bill . Ted . then : 9 ted I kinda like this . bill you wanna do it for all eternity , Ted ? ted ( think ) no. stop , they turn to they Guard . bill Excuse versus , Mr. demon Sir . but how long do we gotta do this for ? ted yah , we gotta get to a concert ... the Guard open he mouth and pull out a huge black rat . he dangle it in front of the guy 's face . bill and ted ( thrilled ) a whooaa !! 7 bill not bad ! ted we totally know this guy who get one of that in he bucket of chicken ! bill do something else , dude ! ted yah ! do the rat again ! the Guard look at they for a moment , then push they back . they hit more rock . and some more . and more . after a moment : : ted dude , I be tell you -- I like this . bill Ted , you can break rock when we get '' home . | e ted : yah ... but not so many . 47 a huge , suspend " boulder " be reele past they toward the great center-rock , with a scream torture soul protest vehemently on top of it . when it pass , Bill and Ted can see that : on the MAIN rock - high above they a tower , shadowy , distant figure be stand , oversee he dark domain . bill and ted look back at each other . ted who 's that ? bill Ted . who do you think it be ? _ ' ted ( nod ) oh yah ... ( then ) how be we gonna get he attention ? they look at each other . then -- bill / ted ooo a the sign of the Devil , dude ! second later - high angle shot - from behind the dark figure as the infinite scatter of chain boulder spread out below we , we see , upon one of they , two SMALL figure thrust they arm back and forth , index and little finger raise in the heavy metal " sign of the Devil " . we hear distant , tiny voice . bill and ted ( from way below ) down here , dude ! the figure stare down for a moment , then reach to he side , pull a-ever and -- ' bill and ted be suddenly jerk off they foot as -- massive chain churgle and -- there rock be draw closer to the main one . from behind ~- the dark figure releases the lever , and -- bill and ted be suddenly flung off they rock where they land -- whomp -- at the base of a stairway and look up at the smoky red light which emanate from the top . bill ( swallow ) how 's it goin’ , beelzebub ? ted ( nod ) excellent rock . bill 2 we totally break some . @ beat . Ted exhales . ted so ... okay . can we go now ? bill yah , cuz , see , this be alla mistake . my ex step - mom -- ted who 's now my step - mom -- we hear a low , heavy chuckling . then , the red light intensify . a low voice ( crackle , fiery ; not human in nature ) i... know . ted you do ? bill so do that mean ...? @ tow. ane , Bill and Ted 's mouth drop open . 49 ted thanks , dude ! bill yah , you know , you get a bad rap , but you actually seem like a okay - suddenly everything begin to shake . the guy 's mouth drop open as a crevice open beneath they foot and they suddenly drop through the floor , and be deposit in : a tunnel -like labyrinth where they land with a thud . slowly , they rise and look around . dozen of different passageway -- like small cave door -- shoot off in all direction . ted where be we ? bill i I do not know . ( look around ) but I guess we should try one of this door . oo qo Ted nod . the guy carefully approach the first passageway on the right . they step inside , and suddenly be in -- a army bunker somewhere in the freeze North . bill where be we now ? suddenly a whistle blows and the guy . turn as a figure in GREEN combat . fatigue .. stalk toward then . os bill who 's that ? suddenly Ted 's eye widen with fear . ted oh , no ... bill / ted it 's Colonel Oats ! the guy look at each other in terror . @ vw ° bill / ted no way !! and , suddenly -- colonel oat be upon the guy , eyeball they and bellow in they ear . Oats look worse -- much worse -- than he do in the guy 's apartment . he be now the meanest , toughest military commander ever . oat gentlemen ! welcome to Hell ! ted no way ! oat ( right in Ted 's face ) what ?? ted ( gulp ) no way ... sir ? s2 oat ( even louder ) you two will do whatever I tell you to do from now on ! ( to Bill ) be that clear ? bill yes , sir , dude ! oat what ?? bill yes , dude , sir ? oat what ?? bill yes , sir , sir , dude ? " oat ( point down ) get down and give I infinity ! the guy drop down and begin to do push -up on the cold concrete ground . as they do , Oats walk around then . oat you stupid , pathetic , craven , worthless little cretin ! you pitiful , ignorant , flabby little moron ! he continue above they as the guy look at each other . bill dude . there be no way I can possibly do infinity push-up . ted ( nod ) maybe if he let we do ‘em girl 's - style ... bill ( shake he head ) we gotta get out of here . Ted nod , and , in an. instant , they both jump to they foot , push past Colonel Oats and rush -- out the door ° where they dash into the rock labyrinth . ted dude . bill - what ? ted I think we be in we own personal hell . bill ( nod ) let 's split up . . ted yah . that way he can not get we so bad . and they dive through opposite passageway . with ted as he tumble into one and suddenly recoil he be in the middle of a horrifying memory : 9 in terror because -- at the bottom of a stairway sit a colorful . easter basket . on it be a clearly mark name tag : " to deacon . " as he start walk toward it he become : young ted ( keanu as a 10 - year -old ) and he tip -toe up to it . look around . then , suddenly , he grab the basket and rush up the stair , stuff chocolate into he mouth , then suddenly stop in he track and scream , for before he : be a three foot tall pink bunny , point a he accuse finger . bunny you take deacon 's Easter basket ! young ted ( with Ted 's voice ) that be . ten year ago ! the Bunny start to hop toward he , and on Ted 's wide , terrify eye , we CUT to : bill 's face 12 also register sheer terror . bill oh , noooocoo ... reverse shot - in a relic=filled grandmothery room behind 80 birthday candle a tiny old lady , surround by relative of all sort , look up . at the door - bill react in horror -- bill ( barely able . to speak ) G -- gr -- granny S. p-p-p- Preston ... esquire . more relative move toward Bill and , grab he by the arm , pull he toward he grandmother . as Bill pass a brocade old mirror , he notice that he be now : young bill ( alex as a 6 - year -old ) young bill ( Bill 's : voice ) no ... noooo ... granny Preston point to she moustachioe upper lip , smile . granny how about a kiss for you dear old granny , Bill ? noise swell ... relative smile ... the little boy be push closer and closer ... and then , finally turn , he bolt past the mirror ( as young Bill ) and dive back into -- the rock labyrith where ( now Bill again ) he come face to face with Ted , who be desperately scramble out of the other room . bill and ted neon non non non-heinous . . suddenly the craggy cavity be bath in red light and we hear : the dark figure voice ( laugh ) sheese you eternity . achachasha - ted rae 00412 ( blurt ) choose you own , you fag ! instantly , Ted be whipped down the narrow tunnel and slam into the far rock wall Bill look up and scream : you ugly red source - of - all -evil ! boom . he 's throw into the same wall , even harder . flame suddenly shoot toward they . the guy jump to they foot and try to run away , but , as if in a bad drean , they move in slow motion . ted ( look over at Bill ) we be totally NFL highlight . bill yah , only this be not football , it 's eternal damnation and torment . they continue run in place for a moment , the Dark figure 's laughter grow louder and louder , the flame lick nearer and nearer they foot . 54 finally , Bill look over at ted. , bill Ted ... I think there 's only one way out of here . ted ( nod ) you be right , dude . we gotta play the reaper . suddenly all SOUND stop and ... bill and ted stand , speechless , directly in front of : the grim reaper who , scythe in hand , stare at they , he face pale and expressionless . grim reaper cheese you game . ( then ) but if you lose , you will stay here - - in Hell -- forever . Bill and Ted swallow and we CUT to : noe '' int , stark , grey room - a bit later , close shot : the grim reaper face Bill and Ted across a board . they look down ... at each other ... down again . a clock tick . tension mount . sweat bead on brow . finally ... grim reaper D - 1. the guy look down . bill it 's a piss . wider shot : they be play battleship . Bill and Ted confer silently for a moment , then : ted b- 7. the grim reaper look down , smile . . grim reaper miss. ( then ) c- 6. Bill and Ted 's face drop . bill hit . the grim reaper nod , smile ... the guy look at each other . they eternal destiny hang in the balance . finally : ted a=7 , dude . silence . the grim reaper tighten , grit he tooth . grim reaper hit. ae ( then ) ton a the you sink my battleship . & the guy , exuberant , leap out of they chair and high - five . the reaper , scowling , reluctantly look up at the guy . grim reaper ( this be difficult ) I will ... take you back . and , as he begin to pick up the piece from the battleship game , Bill and Ted , . still thrilled , move aside and confer . ted I knew he have put he battleship in the jes ... . bill good thinkin’ , ted. ( then ) but , dude -- when we get back , how be we gonna fight that other we 's ? they be way stronger than we , way smarter than we -- ted ( nod ) e plus they have already kill we once . will a bill qo exactly , Ted . dude ; we be most definitely in need of assistance . ted if only we could get some help . they look over at the reaper who , fume , be hunch over the battleship board , pick the little red and white peg out and replace they . bill Ted . that 's it . we can . ted how ? bill dude . we be in the afterlife . everybody who 's ever live be here . ted a aa a9 ( brighten ) jod < oh , yah ! C the guy cross back to the reaper , who be now close up the board . bill Excuse we , death . but can we play you again for other people ? the grim reaper eye Bill and Ted , face tight . ted double or nothing , dude ! the reaper hesitates for a moment , then smile coolly . grim reaper you will not defeat I again . bill choose you game , death . and we CUT to : int . room - a moment later tension . anticipation . Bill and Ted wait anxiously as -- @ the grim reaper pause meaningfully , then reach down , pull out a card , and announce : o grim reaper I believe : Colonel mustard do it . in the Study . with the candlestick . Bill and Ted look at each other , smile . ted sorry , death , you lose . high-five . the grim reaper glower . grim reaper we will play again . the guy look at each other . smile . ted suit yourself , dude . the grim reaper have already set another game on the table . moment later k0000412 we hear a buz SOUND and see the reaper , fume , as we pan down to see that they be play electric football and the reaper 's " running back " be spin in helpless little circle . all he other " player " be vibrate ineffectively in one end zone . furious , the reaper swipe the play surface . on he checklist , Ted make a note . we catch a glimpse of some name : " smart guy need : Einstein ... Leonardo Da vinci ... " plus a few other . bill ( sotto ) how be we doin’ in term of people ? ted ° ( same ) I think okay ... Bill nod , look half - sympathetically at the grim reaper . bill you wanna go again ? grim reaper damn right ! Bill and Ted share a silent AIR guitar and we CUT to : ov oo close shot : a spinner whirl , slow ; then stop . Ted look at it . ted right hand ... blue . on a twister mat Bill , intertwined . with the grim reaper , barely manage to get he right hand on a blue spot . Ted spin again . then : ted Left foot ... green . the grim reaper , he robe make movement difficult , lower himself - into a " crab " position for . a moment , then , sweat , fall backwards onto he butt . slowly , he look up at the guy , exhales . Bill nod sympathetically . bill that 's all , dude . I think we have get enough . Ted nod , then reach down and help the grim reaper to he foot . ted ( gently ) death , you play very well . grim reaper ( sharply ) do not patronize I . ted ( pull back ) whatever , dude ... you get a lot to learn about sportsmanship . the reaper gather himself , then turn . grim reaper this way . and as Bill and Ted follow the grim reaper onto a escalator : bill dude . ted what ? uw will bill " do not fear the reaper . " mute AIR guitar . the escalator start up , and we CUT to : int . bill and ted 's live room - same evil Bill and Ted throw glass and dish through a mini - basketball hoop . evil Bill reach into the cupboard . evil bill evil Ted . evil ted what ? evil bill we be out of dish . evil ted . ( beat ) : yue 9 2 check this out . ' evil Ted start toward the basket . as he get close , he leap ... and , pulling off he own head , he stuff it into the basket . CO on the other side of the room , evil Bill be most impressed . evil bill not bad , dude . here . lemme try . removing he head , evil Bill take two step and do a kareem Abdul - jabbar " sky hook " with it . but evil Bill 's head get waylay by a hang lamp , where it lodge and rest above the dining room table . evil ted 's head ( as it 's replace on evil ~ Ted 's shoulder ) you totally misjudge the chandelier ! evil bill 's dangling head it 's dusty up here . ( then ) hey -- tell my body to come over here and get I . evil Bill 's body give he head the finger . . @ evil ted that 's alright . I will get you . 9 60 evil Ted leap and grab evil Bill 's head , which make evil Bill 's body jump to attention . evil ted ( to evil Bill 's body ) get you head , dude . evil Bill 's headless body charge after evil Ted , who hold evil Bill 's head like a run back hold a football . evil bill 's head ( as evil Ted dodge evil Bill 's headless body ) I be totally gonna tackle you , dude ! evil ted ( darting past ) touchdown for evil Ted ! and evil Ted spike evil Bill 's head into the wastebasket . evil bill 's head ( look up amidst papers and garbage ) Way to go , dude ! we be total headbanger ! cee ed evil Bill 's body reach down into the garbage can to grab he head , then turn to evil Ted , who 's eye suddenly flash white . int . do nomolos 's lair - " same " De nonolos , surround by a bevy of stiff - back rebel , lean forward into a monitor . in - he eye be a look of utter disgust . do nomolos stop sagting time . proceed with the on the monitor , evil Bill step into frame . evil bill ( on monitor ) okay , dude. ( to evil Ted ) well ? whattya say we trash they relationship ? evil ted 's voice ( from monitor ) excellent idea , e.b. De nomolos watch as , on the monitor , evil Bill and Ted move out of frame and over toward the phone . De nomolos lean back and shake he head , vein bulg . ov BP do nomolos I hate they , I hate robot version of then . suddenly , on the monitor , evil Ted stick he head back into frame . evil ted ( on monitor ) you make we , dude ! De nomolos spin the monitor away from he view , and we CUT to : ext . heaven - day / a great , white , expansive , place . Blue sky . puffy white cloud . clean , glimmer , spacious ... a ethereal counterpart to the din , murky redness that be hell . Bill , Ted and the grim reaper , on the escalator , rise into frame . ted whoa ... this be most atypical . bill ( to the reaper ) now where do we go , dude ? the grim reaper begrudgingly point toward a great gate . grim reaper at ea rp this way . , 5 for 2 12 they all start toward it , pass , as they do , a man hand out small , gild card , on which be print the word : ted ( read the card ) '' only the most serene and enlighten soul shall gain entrance . " ( turn to Bill ) dude , we be in big trouble . bill ( nod , then ) I get a idea . and they duck out of frame , pull the grim reaper with then . after a beat , three serene , enlightened - looking people , two man and a woman , stroll into picture toward the gate . they stop , hearing : . bill 's voice psst . Excuse we , wise -dude . the enlighten people stop , turn . 62 ted 's voice can we ask you a question ? the three enlighten people cross out of frame . bill 's voice ++- go ahead , dude . grim reaper 's voice what , uh ... what we want to ask you be ... suddenly we hear a dull thud . and a voice ( " qoomph " ) follow by another thud . and another voice ( " qhhhhh ... " ) . a moment later o. same Bill and Ted enter frame , now wear the enlighten people 's clothes over they own . ted dude , we be in Heaven and we just mug three people . bill yah . we better get outta here before we ruin it for everybody . ( then , turn back ) C ’mon , dude . ~ i2 and , slowly , with deep embarrassment , the grim reaper join Bill and Ted . he be dress in the enlighten woman 's clothing . pee ee ted ( stifling a laugh ) you look great , dude . bill ( same ) yah , you do . grim reaper oh , shut up . and they begin to walk toward the gate , Bill | and Ted assume a " wise " , strolling demeanor , the reaper try to hide he face . at the gate the gatekeeper look up as the three " Wise people " approach he . bill ( in a " wise " voice ) how be it go ? I be William the wyld . ted and I be Ted the stallyn . the gatekeeper look at the grim reaper . bill and this be we girlfriend ... deathina . the gatekeeper study the grim reaper . gatekeeper +». do not I know you ? grim reaper ( bad falsetto ) no . beat . the gatekeeper shrug , look down at some papers . gatekeeper what be the meaning of life ? pause . Bill and Ted look at one another , then look back . bill the meaning of life be ... eee Bill turn to Ted . Ted clear he throat , then : ted '' every rise have its thorn . just like every night have its dawn . " bill " just like every cowboy sing a sad , sad song . " Bill and Ted look at the grin reaper , who clear he throat and half -sing , along with Bill and Ted : the grim reaper " every rise have its thorn . " beat . the gatekeeper nod , and open the gate . bill ( sotto , to Ted ) dude , one of this day we be gonna have to come up with something original ... -- and the three of they enter onto : 63 64 a large plateau which overlook what appear to be a infinite number of heavenly plateaus . the guy look around . this place be big . bill okay , if we be we , and we be in Heaven look for the creator of the Universe , where would we look ? ted ( beat ) phone book . second later - close on phone book reading , " Heaven and vicinity , " with the practically infinite intermingling of this plateaus outline on the cover . bill and ted open it up . the grim reaper stand off to the side , still try not to be see . bill ( glance at a page ) let 's see ... gab , ged , gobb , gock , gock Jr , gock and son line supply ... aha ! God ... " 1 Heaven court . " ( look up ) let 's go , dude . Bill start off . ted Bill -- wait a sec . they look at each other , start to smile , and . we CUT to : second later - same Ted be on the phone . ted hello ... God ? ( beat ) be you refrigerator run ? ( beat ) it be ? -- better catch it , dude ! Ted hang up the phone . the guy share a AIR guitar , then grab the grim reaper and exit as we CUT to : 65 a white , spacious platform full of clean , '' white light . after a moment , Bill , Ted and the grim reaper step into frame at the bottom of a staircase , and look up , toward we . we never see who they be speak to . bill okay . God . as if you do not know already , we be not the three Wise people you might think we be . ted no . we mug some guy and take they clothes . also , I just make a erank phone call to you a minute ago . sorry . bill anyway . I / m Bill S. Preston . ted I be Ted " Theodore " Logan . od bill / ted we be wyld stallyn . bill and this lovely lady be the grim reaper . he bring we here when we challenge he and win . angle on the grim reaper embarrass , he half - wave , then look at the ground . back ' to shot , ted now. okay . first of all , congratulation on Earth . it 's a most excellent planet , and Bill and I enjoy it on a daily basis . bill ( nod ) not to mention you other great planet . mars. Jupiter . Uranus ... brief AIR guitar . the grim reaper roll he eye . bill but that 's not the point . the point be this . okay . we die . ted most unfairly . bill but we win the chance to go back . and there be some individual we would like to invite back for a while to help we out . ted so we be wonder ... do you think you could maybe help we to find they ? silence . after a moment a transluscent map , bath in white light , float down . Bill grab it . bill : - < whoa . thanks . ted yah . you be a most just God . bill ( beat ) okay , well , we will be goin 's now . ted yah . keep up the good work . bill / ted catch ya later , God ! and all three exit frame . hold a beat . then Ted stick he head back into picture . ted oh . one thing I always wonder . who shot j.r.? bill ( also return ) dude -- that be ten year ago ! ted it be ? I just see it on channel nine . bill I can tell you that . 67 ted oh. ( neds , turn back to God ) well , then that 's it , I guess . see ya , dude . and he and Bill leave . the grim reaper stick he head into frame , shrug . grim reaper sorry . and as he duck out , we CUT to : another , higher plateau people ' rom all period of time ( ancient to futuristic ) play , relax , laugh , walk , etc ... as Bill , Ted , and the grim reaper walk into frame . Bill look down at the map . ; bill well , this be the place . now all we gotta do be find the most brilliant scientist who ever live and invite ‘em back . ted - ( point ) Bill . check it out . and Bill look across the way , where ... at a table albert einstein sit , play chess . he look up as Bill , Ted , and the grim reaper approach hin . bill 's voice Excuse we , Albert Einstein . I be Bill , this be Ted , and this be death . einstein ( exchange nod ) we have meet . bill first off , my friend Ted and I find you theory of relativity most informative . ted ( nod ) by the way , not only be time travel possible , but it be also a most enjoyable experience . 68 bill speak of which , Albert Einstein , we be prepare to offer you a opportunity to return to earth . ted all you gotta do be help we design something to fight a couple of evil robot who have be send from the future to kill we . Einstein look at the guy , shake he head . einstein thank you , but I have be to earth already , and I much prefer it here . ( then ) Excuse I . ' and , as Einstein begin to contemplate he next chess move , Bill and Ted look at each other , shrug . bill maybe we should try somebody else . ted ( nod , spot someone ) who 's that ? ~ 2 42 ~ oan tut grim reaper ney ( look ) that 's Leonardo Da vinci . bill maybe we can bag hin . and they take off out of frame and CUT to : in another spot - LEONARDO da vinci shake he head . LEONARDO da vinci ( italian accent ) I be sorry , I have no wish to go back . Bill and Ted look at each other , swallow , and we CUT to : in yet another spot - benjamin franklin shake he head . 69 elsewhere - aristotle shake he head , and Bill and Ted look at each other , stunne . bill dude , nokody want to go back . everybody 's be to Earth . ted what we need be somebody who have not be there . Long beat . then : bill Ted ! that 's it ! we ’1ll get someone who have not be there ! ( then ) dude . this be not just . heaven for earth , it 's heaven for the whole universe ! ted whoa ! yah ! the guy share a excited grin , and we CUT to : ext . a entirely different plateau similar to the previous one -- broad , airy , expansive -- except the people in it be not people ... they be -- martian -- round furry being with round , lumpy , padded head . strol , laugh , chat . bill , ted and the grim reaper at . the lip of a little rise , look over at the martian . bill / ted whoa ... reverse angle - there Pov in a little knoll , a dozen or so martian be engage ina bizarre game : in a circle , the martian run around quickly and then jump up . one fly away . a second later , it land on its head in the center . they all clap . e@ bill , ted and the grim reaper watch . Bill and Ted be impressed . 70 ted that look fun . bill yah - - let 's play . ( then , call ) Excuse we , martian -dude ! second later Bill , along with thirteen other martian , run in a bizarre little circle as Ted , stand in the middle , jump . Ted fly out of frame . a second later , he land on he head in the center . everybody clap . bill Way to go , dude ! you win ! Ted give a thumb -up . a little while later as the game end and a new one begin , Bill and Ted address the group of martian . bill Excuse I , martian , but could you tell we who be a famous scientist rok '' among you ? a General murmure . the martian look around , then point to two particular martian , ( who be sit on a distant ledge , alone . ) cut to : a couple minute later - on that ledge as the guy be just finish up they pitch . ( in the background , the reaper be now in the center of . the game-circle . ) bill «.. come to earth and help we defeat some evil robot we 's . beat . the scientist - martian nod , and speak in what apparently be they own language : martian ( in unison ; a high , nasal voice ) ( note : although they only speak one word , it have a different meaning --. and therefore a different intonation -- every time . ) ted ( to Bill ) Station ? bill I guess that mean yes . martian ( nodd ) Station . bill sound good , martian . you ’1ll enjoy we fair planet earth . it be a most resplendent place . bill ( look at he watch ) speak of which , we have better hurry . who know what that evil ' robot we 's be do . in the background , the grim reaper fly out of frame , then land outside the little circle , therefore have lose . and as Bill , Ted and the martian cross back to he , we CUT to : int . bill and ted 's apartment - same ee ee ie close on a goldfish bowl , which evil Ted be dump into the sink . evil ted catch ya later , W. axl Rose . and he turn on the garbage disposal , watch it closely , then grin . evil ted check it out ! he 's fish-stew ! pan to evil Bill , .on the phone , give evil Ted a quick thumb up . evil bill .... ( into phone ) «ee and I pever like you . that 's right . so just flake off , aunt dana . he hang up , make a check in Bill 's phone book , and dial the next number . evil bill hello , Mr. Ryan ? Bill S. preston. ( beat ) you suck , dude . he hang up . we hear a extremely loud , wail electric guitar , and evil Ted wander past , thrashing about with he guitar . 72 evil ted : I be totally play too loud ! after a moment , the doorbell ring . evil Ted continue play as evil Bill make he way across the incredibly messy apartment to the door . mrs . davis , the guy 's timid , elderly landlady , stand there . mrs . davis ( very sweet ) Excuse I , William , but could you and Theodore please turn down you instrument ? with Mr. Davis 's heart condition , it 's a little loud . evil Bill stare coldly . evil bill haa le | deal with it . rt oc 210472 Mrs. Davis 's face register confusion and concern . mrs . davis William , be you boy alr -- ooopf . evil Bill lower he shoulder and shove Mrs. Davis backwards , where she plunge over the balcony and hurdle into the pool . evil ted ( look over ) Way to go ! ( lay he guitar down ) let 's do something else bad ! evil bill like what ? evil ted I dunno . let 's do some insider trading ! : evil bill we do not get time . De nomolos want we to nab the female and get to the concert . ( off evil Ted 's disappointment ) how about this : we ’1ll take the porsche and run over cat on the way . evil ted genius , evil Bill ! @o high-five , and as they exit , we CUT to : ext . desert - late afternoon close 's on bill and ted 's eye , slowly open and look around . bill / ted whoaaaa ..... wider angle - in the shrub where they " died " they creakily sit up and look at each other . bill dude ... we be back . Ted nod , rub he temple . ted I think a buzzard be peckin’ : my head . Bill pull a worm out of he hair . bill dinner 's over , worm -dude . ( look up ) watch out , Ted ! the guy move to the side just as -- the station fall out of the sky and land on they foot right near they with a pair of light " '' ooomph . " the station ( in unison ) Station ! bill you okay ? the station nod excitedly . Ted look around . ted where 's death ? we hear a yell and they all look up just as -- the reaper plummet out of the sky and land on he belly with a resounding thud . beat . Bill , Ted and the station look down at hin . o 74 ted you okay , dude ? the reaper nod , embarrassed . ! bill okay . first on the agenda : get back to town and clean up . ted second : call the babe and warn an . bill third : purchase stuff to fight that evil we 's . they start up a wind path , the grim reaper , hobbling and pick leave and branch - bit from he robe , at the rear , and we CUT to : ext . van - moment later - from behind the van squeal away , shoot back toward the main road . CUT to : ext . san dima STREET - same evil Bill and Ted tear around a corner in they by - now even more batter porsche . int . porsche - speed . ~ 4 % evil Ted point out the window . : evil ted there 's one , dude ! evil Bill swerve the car madly . we hear a cat yowling -- evil bill just miss ! -- and then evil Ted motion to a house up ahead . evil ted dude , we be there ! evil bill okay . I get a idea . take off you seatbelt . evil ted outstanding ! they unlatch they belt . and then , as evil Bill deliberately steer the speed car directl '' into the curb -- evil bill and ted fly through the windshield and shoot -- through the AIR -- play a excited AIR guitar as they sail out of frame . int . logan house - same the princess be sit in the live room with missy . elizabeth they . just seem so different . joanna so cold . missy you know ... I have a strange experience with they myself -- suddenly , we hear yell ( " whooocoaaa ! " ) and , with a crash , evil Bill and Ted fly through the live room window and slide across the floor , smash head - first into the fireplace . they brush themselves off and stand up . evil bill oon how 's it goin’ , lady human ? nn evil ted ( to missy ; leer ) hey , Mom , how about a kiss where it count ? missy slap hin . missy Ted ! evil bill ( to evil Ted ; pleased ) it 's you mom , dude ! evil Ted nod . he and evil Bill grab joanna and Elizabeth . evil ted ready for the big night , babe ? he grab missy 's key off the table , and with evil Bill , start to drag the terrify princess out the door . just then , however , Captain Logan appear in the hallway , look half - daze , obviously still recover from he " possession " earlier this morning . he look around the room , at evil Ted . logan Ted , . what the hell be go on here ? evil ted ( lean toward Logan ) confidentially , dad -- I be a evil robot . evil bill he totally be , dude ! and . evil Bill and Ted again start toward the door with the struggle princess in tow . Captain Logan step toward evil Ted . : logan - dammit , Ted -- but . before Logan can do a thing , evil Ted grab he , pick he up , . spin he , and , cheer on by evil Bill , , where he stick , leg dangle helplessly . logan ( head completely hidden ) ( voice mute ) Ted ! Ted ! eek é missy , shocked , pass out . the princess gasp and stare . joanna ++» who be you two ? evil Bill and Ted look at the girl , suddenly " earnest . " evil bill well , you see ... then , with a look at each other , evil Bill and evil Ted unzip they entire selve , revealing that , undeneath , ] : wear a " evil bill sur . " the transformation complete , the guy do a enthusiastic AIR guitar . the princess pass out . 2 ! evil ted ( grin ) a brilliantly pointless surprise , e.b. evil Bill nod . evil bill ( be the princess ) let 's bag en . and as evil Bill and Ted bend down to grab the woman , we CUT to : ext . builder '' emporium - night : the Van screech to a halt in the parking lot and Bill and Ted jump out , follow by the station and the grim reaper . then , as they all hurry across the parking lot : bill okay , station , this be Builders 's emporium . it be a repository for all kind of earthly building material . ( hand he a list ) we will buy what we need to do battle with we robot . antitheses here . understand ? the station ( nodd , look at the list ) Station . weaaec 442 then , as they reach the automatic open door , Ted look at Bill , sniff ... ted dude , what 's that sme ] ] ? bill ( sniff ) Ted , it 's we , dude . we have be dead for twelve hour . and , enter the store , they look at a arrow which indicate '' telephone and restroom . " they head in that direction , and we CUT to : int . bathroom - second later a big , burly trucker enter , sniff the air , and frown . trucker who die in here ? Ted , at the sink drying he face , look over at the trucker . ted I do , dude ! ( then ) plus we get a martian ! . the station emerge from a stall , past ' the trucker . o station Station . and they and Ted exit into -- the store - back hallway where Bill be on the pay phone . the station cross to the reaper , who be wait for they with a shopping cart . Ted cross to Bill , hand he a paper towel . ted any luck ? Bill shake he head . bill they be not at they place , or at ours . ( dial ) I be try you dad 's place now . maybe they go to talk to missy . Ted nod , glance across the store , where : '' oo0n0412 the station have leapt into the kiddie-seat of the shopping cart which the grim reaper , huffing and puffing , be push down a aisle . CUT to : int . logan house - same evil Bill and Ted , princess throw over they shoulder , be about to leave the house when the phone ring . evil Bill pick it up . evil bill Logan residence , evil Bill Preston . speak . ( beat , turn ) it 's they . they be back from the dead . evil ted oh. ( shrug ) I guess we get to kill ‘em again . evil bill and ted excellent . int . builder 's emporium - at the pay phone ~ same Bill , stand with Ted , look across the store at the station and the grim reaper , who be furiously rip through the store , the station point at item , death , feel put out , throw they into the. cart . 79 bill ( into phone ) . but this time , we be ready for you . ted . ( yell into phone ) yah ! int . logan house - same evil bill ( to evil Ted ) he say they be ready for we . evil ted ( smile ) well , I think we can be ready for they , too . evil bill ( nod ; into phone ) good luck get to the concert , loser . he hang up , look at evil Ted . evil bill go for it , dude . evil Ted nod , push a button on the side of he neck . suddenly he eye spin like a slot machine . evil ted whoaaaaa ! in a flash , do nomolos 's enraged image appear in evil Ted 's eye . do nomolos ( low , amplify ) begin the emergency plan . evil bill you get it , great one . do nomolos De not fail I . ( as he go ) + ++ metallic buffoon . and he 's go . evil Ted , he eye spin back , shake he head vigorously . evil ted Station ! my eye be totally insulting not ! : 80 evil bill excellent , E.T. _ ( then ) let *s do it . and he and evil Ted each open they shirt , reach into they " gut " , and pull out a couple of small , nasty glowing tube . they look down at the tube , shake they head . evil ted I 'il be glad to be rid of this thing . evil bill definitely . ( then ) let 's go , dude . they throw the fuse - like tube onto the floor and , as they re-lift the girl onto they shoulder and exit , we hold until ... three distinct shape begin to materialize on the floor . but before we get a chance to see what this thing be , we CUT back to : int . builder 's emporium - same Bill hang up , stare at the telephone receiver , shake he head . bill that other I be a dick . Ted nod . the guy turn , start toward the door , and we CUT to : ext . parking lot - a moment later Ted throw the van door open and Bill and death throw the just - purchase item into the van . bill ( look over the item ; to Ted ) bude , I hope the station know what they be do . Ted nod ... then tap Bill on the shoulder . they turn . look at : the station who have back away from each other and be now stand on opposite end of the parking lot . 381 the guy shake they head . ted Station -- what be you do ? bill ( to Ted ) dude , this be not the time to play game ! in the parking lot the two separate station , now stand about 30 foot from one another , look over at Bill and Ted , and with a confident nod -- station -- they suddenly begin running toward one another . at the last moment , when it look like they be certain to crash into each other , they both leap high into the AIR and ... in a shower of spark , suddenly connect -- thunk -- thus create ... a entirely new be ( a lean , stripped - down version of Station ) which land in the parking lot before Bill and Ted . new station ( firm , commanding , intelligent ) and with that , Station ( and , remember , now there 's only one of he ) remove the diagram Bill give he , look at it , whip out a pen and begin write inhumanly fast on it . beat . bill and . ted look at each other , grin . bill / ted AIR guitar . they dive into the van and we CUT to : ext . road - moment later the van shoot across town . '' 82 int . van - speed Ted move into the back of the van , unable to believe what he 's witness : Station be furiously at work organize the item they have purchase . - ted whoa ... way to go , Station ! ( look at the diagram ) okay ... so this be the basis , and this would be the mid-section , right ? station ( nodd -- but mainly focuss . on he will . -k ) Station . ted Bill , check it out ! up front Bill look back and give a thumb - up just as the grim reaper shuffles back and sit in the passenger seat , insecure . grim reaper Excuse I , Bill ... but what would you like I to do ? Bill look at the reaper . ted you , uh ... uh ... you watch the van , dude . reaper ( not buy this ) look , be there some problem here ? I mean ... ( this be hard ) «+. do you not like I or something ? Bill look over at the reaper , shake he head , very sincere . bill death . you be great . you be a really nice guy . ( reach into he picket ) have some gum , dude . the grim reaper , feel sorry for himself , turn away , lower lip tremble . Bill look at he a second , then turn back , half - roll he eye . . 33 then , suddenly , he tighten . he slow the van down . . bill what be that ? up ahead stand in the middle of the street , silhouett under streetlight , be the three figure we see beginning to take shape at the Logan house -- only now they be fully form : one be tall and pear-shape , with very big ear ... another be SMALL and withere , seat in a chair ... the last be stout and powerfully build , hand on hip . and behind they be the porsche , park at a angle in the road . int . van _ as Bill slow to a stop , Ted join he up front . bill look . like a roadblock . wt ted but that 's not the police . bill no , it 's ... it 's ... he flick on he brights , and suddenly both Bill and Ted scream : bill / ted no way !! for -- in the STREET before they stand they three worst fear , now heighten and exaqgerate ~- colonel oat , now larger than before and with he face all wild and frenzied , tote a arsenal of weapon ; granny S. preston 's stark white hair now stand straight up , and she facial hair be now thick and bristly ; and the now - seven - foot tall easter bunny 's . huge steel tooth gnash . Oats glower at the guy and bellow : oat xes way you damned pitiful pussy ! now get out of that van ! and I mean now ! and , along with the other fear , he start toward the van . 84 inside Bill and Ted stare ahead , ghost - white , tremble with stark terror . the grim reaper and Station huddle next to they . ted ( barely able to speak ) B ... better do something , dude . bill ( same ) yah ... and suddenly , Bill throw the van into reverse and hit the gas , cause the grim reaper and Station to lurch forward , crush into each other against the das . : boarda . phen Bill crank the wheel and they topple into the back as the van begin -- a wild 360 degree turn which send the grim reaper and Station and all they building supplies fly from one side of the van to the other . bill complete the turn , straighten out the van , hit the gas and drive straight at -- the three fear who hold they ground for a beat , then , at the last minute , leap ( or , in the case of granny S. Preston , roll ) out of the way . int . van Station chatter excitedly . station stationstationstationstation ... ... then calmly get back to work on Bill and Ted 's creation , sparking up a power drill . ted Nice work , Bill . I think we lose an . but the reaper , peer out the back window , shake he head . grim reaper I be afraid not . and sure enough -- 85 in the wake of the van the Three fear have hurried to the side of the street and be jump into evil Bill and Ted 's steal porsche . the Easter Bunny rip off the roof of the porsche and leap into the driver 's seat , granny S. Preston be chuck into the passenger seat ( wheelchair and.all ) , and Colonel Oats dive into the back , whipping out a gun . oat ( to the Easter Bunny ) step on it , you damned seven - foot hopping pink bastard !! the Easter Bunny hit the gas and the porsche sque.l down the street and after the van , Oats fire wildly . through a industrial part of town the two vehicle scream , at very high speed . inside the van Ted -- crunch next to death -- peer out the back window . bullet whiz past . ted they be catch up !! '' og 2 12 bill hold on ! and , with a sudden jerk of the wheel , Bill whip the van around a sharp corner . the grim reaper lurch to the side . the porsche follow , gain speed . inside the porsche as the Easter Bunny , ear flap in the breeze , accelerate after the van , Colonel Oats empty he gun , then lean forward and jab a finger at granny S. Preston . oat you ! get out and do you thing !! now !! granny S. Preston brace herself and Oats and the Easter Bunny push she -- out of the porsche where she wheelchair hit the ground , smoke pour out , spark fly as it bounce once or twice , and then continue along behind the speed vehicle at 75 mile per hour , rocket - jet belching fire behind it . inside the porsche Oats feed a lead-rope back to granny S. Preston , who grab onto it . int . bill and ted 's van Ted , still look back , shake he head in horrify disbelief . ted no way ... ( then , up front ) it 's you granny , dude . Bill grip the wheel , white - knuckle . bill oh no . and now Bill 's eye widen as -- : - the porsche suddenly veer to one side , cause -- granny S. - preston to swing around like a waterskier and gain speed , end up nearly even with the van . granny S. Preston look over at Bill , she wild shock of white hair blow straight back , she tiny , craze feature shaking up and down . granny S. preston hello Bill . terrify , Bill swerve to the right and -- the van scrape against a concrete wall . granny S. preston swing closer to the van and point to she bristly cheek . granny S. preston how about that kiss ? 87 bill veer to the right again -- this time even more sharply . crunch . bill no ! in the porsche Colonel Oats , now load a bazooka , yell at the Easter Bunny . oat take she closer you great bounce egg-deliver behemoth !! the Easter Bunny swerve closer , cause -- granny S. preston to do the same , wheelchair rocket - jet sputtering . no inside the speed van hoo00 412 Bill , attempt to avoid he hideous granny , screech against the wall , the van now barely under control . Ted push he way past the Station , who continue to work , fixate , and hurry : up front where he join Bill , look out the window at granny S. Preston , who be still point to she cheek . ted ( over the din ) you gotta do it , dude ! you gotta face she ! bill but that moustache ... ted Bill , you get to ! Bill look over at Ted and we smash CUT to : a second later - close on bill 's face wind-blown and terrify . a wider shot reveal that Bill be be dangle out the side of the van toward granny S. Preston . 83 int . van - same Ted , now drive , look at death , who be fishing Bill out the window . : ted a little further , dude ! reaper I be try ! but I must be careful of my lower back . the reaper lower he a bit further and now -- bill and gral 'ny S. preston be close enough for Bill to crane ‘his neck , Close he eye , swallow , and kiss he granny square on the cheek . she look at he and smile ... granny S. preston b o0000412 now that be not so bad , be it ? ++. and then transform back into a brightly glow tube , which then land and shatter to bit on the asphalt . Bill , immensely relieved , be reele back into -- the van where everyone applaud he for a moment . _ _ death ( to Bill ) i be the one lift you . bill thanks , death , I app -- suddenly -- thump -- there be the sound of something large and heavy landing on the roof . Ted look up . ted what be that ? Bill shake he head . death and Station look up at the roof . the large heavy object begin move and we CUT to : the roof of the van - zooming past as the Easter Bunny belly along the top , pink eye glow , snout smoking . 39 ext . STREET the two vehicle blow past a police car . int . police car two cop look at each other , take off after -- the porsche from inside of which Oats , now drive , yell at the Easter Bunny : oat ( vein bulg ) get in there you damned floppy - ear , candy - tote demon !! the easter bunny suddenly drive he long , yellow steel tooth right into the roof of the van . . inside . '' o9on 412 death cower as that same tooth suddenly appear right next to he head . in the back , Station , continue to work , unperturb , remove a piece of the wheel well and solder it to something . station Station . Bill look over at Ted , who grip the wheel , freeze in horror . bill / hit the gas , Ted ! hit the gas ! the easter bunny suddenly lurch backwards and slide off the back of the van as : inside Ted floor it . bill good work ! ted do we lose he ? bill ( look back ) I think so . 99 but Bill be wrong , for -- underneath the speed van hanging onto the chassis , riding only inch above the rush asphalt , clamber forward like Indiana Jones ... be the Easter Bunny . int . van - same Ted , breathe a bit easier , look over at Bill . ted good suggestion , du -- suddenly Ted 's eye widen as -- the easter bunny pop up right in front of he , block the windshield with its horrible , glaring rabbity mug . the easter bunny ( a muffle , demonic growl ) h oa0nr 412 you steal deacon 's Easter basket !! Ted scream . Bill , look out the side window , get a idea : bill take this corner , dude ! and suddenly -~ the easter bunny be throw to the side , barely hang onto a fender as : the van scream around a corner and turn onto a busier street . in the porsche Oats miss the corner , slam on the brake and scream : oat get they you damned fuzzy - whiskered hippety - hoppin 's sack of shit !! inside the van Ted lean forward , peer at the Easter Bunny , who begin claw he way upward again . , ted now what ? oe but Bill be not pay attention to Ted ; rather , .| he 's look out the side window . bill Ted ... stop . Ted hit the brake , the Easter Bunny be throw forward onto the street and -- at the stop light where they sit Bill look over at a BMW which have pull to a stop next to they . the guy within be talk on he car phone . Bill open he window , call : bill Excuse I , dude -- can we use you phone ? meanwhile - on the STREET - the easter bunny turn and start hopping toward -- - . oo the van , where Ted grab the car phone and dial it rapidly . ted ( into phone ) c’mon ... c’ mon ... as the Easter Bunny reach the van and begin crushing its metal around the guy . ted hello deacon , it 's Ted . ten year ago , at nana and pop-pop 's house , I totally steal you Easter basket and eat all you candy ... yes , I . I do it . I do it , and I be sorry . and just as the Easter Bunny have force the van 's creak metal right up against the guy , Ted toss the phone to the BMW guy -- ted thanks , dude . -- and hit the gas , and , in the nick of time -- the easter bunny transform into a great , glow tube , which fall away from the van and crash onto the street just in front of -- the police car which have follow the van into the intersection . as the tube shatter in a burst of glass and neon -- the cop skid to a stop , look at each other . officer pratt you get that licence plate ? officer gass ( nod , hit the radio ) give I Captain Logan . meanwhile ~ in the van Bill , Ted and death whoop it up . Station cut a hand - shape hole in the side of the van , and then -- : ext . STREET wee een i 2 the van scream around a corner , turn down a narrow street , and suddenly skid to a halt . int . van Bill , Ted , and death peer out the front windshield at -- colonel oat who be now stalking towards they , scowling horribly , bazooka raise . oat ( as he walk ) damned useless furry maggot . I be gonna hafta do this myself . and he cock the bazooka . int . van Bill and Ted look at each other . ted how be we gonna get rid of he ? Bill consider , then -- bill dude . there be only one way to get rid of a guy like this . we gotta kill he with kindness . o will we Ted nod and we CUT to : tracking shot - from behind colonel oat as Oats reach the side door to the van and throw they open ... he face registers sudden surprise . for -- inside the van Bill and Ted have quickly organize Station and the grim reaper into a pleasant little " tea party , " replete with snack , drink , and light conversation . ( Station 's " creation " be mostly hide behind box and now-remove van-panelling . ) the guy look over at Colonel Oats and smile warmly . ted Colonel Oats , what a surprise . come in , dude . bill ( nod ) % join we for we tea party . ( extend a plate ) honey bun ? twinkie ? slim Jim ? death hand Oats a styrofoam cup . Station pour some coffee into it . Oats stare at they , jaw quivering , and we do a quick dissolve to : int . van - a moment later Colonel Oats , now sit cross -legge between Station and the grim reaper , bazooka on he lap , honey bun crumb on he chin , shake _ he head . oat «.-¥ you see , when I be a teenager , my father use to spank I with a ammo clip . he ... he frighten I . ( teary ; voice shaking ) I now realize that that 's what I have be do for this past twenty year -- terrorize young people . beat . Station stroke Oats 's hair . the grim reaper pat he on the shoulder . ted that 's a important epiphany , Colonel Oats . bill ( nod , look at he watch ) catch you later . and sure enough , in a flash , Colonel Oats transform , grab another honey bun as he go . the guy look back at each other . bill we better hurry . Ted nod , then suddenly tighten , hearing : captain logan 's voice tea !? the guy turn and see : captain logan rush toward they , missy trail behind he . captain logan you two be in serious trouble ! the guy 's mouth drop open even further . ted oh , no . - it 's my dad . ( then ) dad , we can explain -- captain logan ( arrive , out of breath ) there 's no time , Ted . we have get to get you to that concert and get rid of that ... evil robot you 's . Bill and Ted look at each other , thrilled . bill / ted excelient ! Captain Logan tip the Colonel Oats tube out of the van . it shatter on the street and we CUT to : ext . amphitheatre - night a marquee read " tonight ... rianne wardroe production present the san dima grand jam ! " at 's the bottom of the list of band be wyld stallyn , " misspel " as Wild stallion . as people enter , pass the tv trailer park outside , we hear music and we CUT to : inside the amphitheatre where the large crowd applaud mildly as : two pseudo -marxist techno -waver one tall and blondish , the other short and with curly hair , each wear tiny spectacle and jet black clothing , who be at they microphone , proclaim in a staccato rhythm : willman / patrick " we be citizen of this , our life , manning '' he barricade of this , our future . " and they launch into a strange , syncopate instrumental . in the wing evil Bill and Ted push past , carry a trunk . evil Ted glance at he watch , smile . evil ted that two loser human we 's should be history by now . evil bill stellar . as they grab they guitar , Ms. wardroe approach . wardroe you guy ready ? you be on next . evil Bill and Ted nod , smile . wardroe ( look around ) where be the girl ? : evil bill we just tie they to the rafter . evil ted yah . we be gonna kill ‘em at the finale . wardroe nod vaguely . wardroe good luck , gentleman . as she walk away , evil Bill and Ted look up toward -- with ov the rafter . where we see the princess , dangle fron rope , gag . back on the side of the stage : evil Bill and Ted smile . evil bill Station . and we CUT to : ext . san dima STREET - night the police car tear past , siren wail , follow closely by the van . . int . van Bill drive , wood and metal jutting into the front from -- the back - ~ where Ted and Station continue to work on the now-halfway - complete creation . ted ( to Station ; hold up cable ) okay , we gotta get this work ' through the whole middle . but then we will need more power , see ? station ( nod ) Station . ext . STREET the car screech around a corner , shoot toward the amphitheatre . int . police car Logan drive furiously , with missy next to he in the passenger seat . with no room for he in the van , the grim reaper sit alone in the back seat of the police car . after a beat , missy turn to he . missy so ... Bill say you name be ... slim ? . grim reaper grim . grim . missy hmn . what kind of name be that ? the grim reaper yank off he hood , revealing he gaunt , boney head . grim reaper .i’ / m death , dammit ! the police car take a dip and the grim reaper bounce up , hit he head on the ceiling . he sink down into the seat , utterly humiliate , as -- ext . amphitheaire -- the police . car shoot over a curb and into the parking lot . the van now look like a metal swiss cheese , follow . as it screech to a stop , Bill jump out , run over to the side door and peer in . thing be definitely beginning to take shape . bill ( to Ted ) tell Station he can do the final assembly right here in the parking lot . I and you 's 1ll fight ’em as long as we can . Ted speak to Station as Captain Logan and missy rush up . bill ( to c.l. and missy ) you guy help out here . we be go in . Bill and Ted turn and rush past the grim reaper , who , rub he head , look at they , forlorn , utterly whipped . : grim reaper Excuse I , but ... what about I ? Bill and Ted stop , look at each other , nod . bill come with we , grim reaper . you can help we stall for time . they hear tepid applause fron . inside and begin run toward the theatre , where : with will inside the crowd be - beginning to disperse . the judge squirm and yawn . around the theater , various cameramen rub they eye . on stage as the willman - Patrick axiom come off , disappointed , Ms. wardroe take the mic . ~ ms. wardroe okay , that be the willman -patrick axiom . last ... something I think you will really enjoy . from San dima ... in back of the amphitheatre - same Bill , Ted and the reaper climb to the top of a chain - linked fence - and peer over just in time to hear : ms . wardroe wyld stallyn . on stage ue 2 evil Bill and Ted mince on , guitar sling over they shoulder , smirk smear across they face . at the top of the fence Bill and Ted look at each other . bill / ted no way . and they jump down on the other side . then , as they get up and prepare to run , they stop , hearing : the grim reaper 's voice qoopt . turn back , they see the reaper , tangle badly , he robe catch on the top of the fence and drape , inside out , over he head , expose he pale , boney body , he boxer short , he black sock ( with little sock - suspender ) and he black wing - tip shoe . Bill reach up and frees the reaper , who fall as we hear : evil bill 's voice ( amplify , echoing ) how 's it goin 's worm ?! I be Bill s. Preston esquire ! evil ted 's voice : ( same ) 5 and I be Ted " Theodore " Logan ! and we be ... Bill and Ted look at each other . and start run as :- on stage evil Bill and Ted lean into they micu and declare : evil bill / evil ted wyld staliyn ! evil Bill and Ted squirm , face contort as they loudly wail they open guitar riff , the hideous bleat echoing through -- the side of the theatre where Bill and Ted rush toward the wing , the grim reaper trail behind . as they near the stage , Bill turn to the reaper . bill you gotta keep the show go , ecqor 412 death . you gotta cover for we . stop , the reaper peer through the wing , look at the crowd , 2 and shake he head . grim reaper I ... I can not . I have not the experience . I have not -- ted death . we need you help . grim reaper but ... I be frighten . all this people ... ( shrug , pitifully ) I be better one on one ... ted dude , we be scared , too . | bill . yah . we gotta make a big speech and | we do not even know what it be . grim reaper but ... ss bill get out there , dude . and Bill and Ted push the reaper out onto : the stage - view from the audience where , opposite evil Bill and Ted , who thrash about with they guitar , the grim reaper stumble out from the wing , stop , stare for a beat at the audience , then faint , fall backwards and hitting he head on the synthesizer -- which start playing a musical vamp , cause -- evil Bill and Ted to turn and see : Bill and Ted , now enter from the wing . they look at evil Bill and Ted , who stop they " music " and stare . evil bill / evil ted no way . bill / ted yes way , Bill and Ted . '' the crowd see two sets of bill and teds ( and a hood figure lie between they ) begin to quiet down , a few actually turn back and take they seat . the judge look on curiously , as : on stage Bill and Ted take a couple more step forward . bill | xou fetally kill we , you evil coer - 12 evil bill ( smirk ) that 's right ! and we be gonna do it again !! evil ted yah ! plus we be fully gonna kill you girlfriend !! evil Ted cut a rope , and above he and evil Bill , the princess suddenly drop into frame with mute scream . and now -- around the theater attention be completely re-focuse on the stage . if people be not sit , they be now . wardroe raise a eyebrow , as : on stage Bill and Ted , pump with rage , look at each other , then , scream ( " aaaaaahhhh ! ! " ) charge they evil selve . 9a Bill throw a punch -~ evil Bill block it . Ted try a kick -- it 's avoid effortlessly by evil Ted . they look at edch other , swallow , and whack ... be knock backwards . as they fly through the air , Ted call to the princess -- . ted we ’1ll save you , ba -- ! boom . the guy smack against another wall . this be not go well . the crowd , however -- which be grow by the minute - - be really enjoy this . on stage the reaper , hearing the applause , awaken , and , spur on by it , muster a bit of confidence and step up to the mic . grim reaper hello . I be death . I come from beyond . I reap each soul with my boney wand ... behind the reaper , evil Bill and Ted have cornere Bill and Ted . evil bill get you , lesser - develop human prototype we 's ! they grab they and , with a cruel surge of power , fling they across the stage , where they land , daze , against another wall . the crowd cheer again . the reaper see the two set of bill and ted on opposite side of the stage , and , gain . confidence , continue : grim reaper ' behold before you , two bill and two ted . this two good and real , this true metal-head . the crowd cheer . the reaper begin to sway and rock . grim reaper and so my good frien - - oompf ! boom -- evil Ted shove he away from the mic -- evil ted shut up . 102 the reaper stumble , then spin , point he finger at the audience , and begin to moonwalk ( badly ) back toward the mic , pass : Bill and Ted , who look toward the back of the amphitheatre . bill Station better hurry . I do not know how much longer I can do this . Ted nod . look at the encroach evil one , who grab mic stand and raise they above they head . outside the amphitheatre Station , work with Captain Logan and missy , dart madly . around two large , rapidly form object . he lay fabric over a metal torso of some kind . screw in nut and bolt ... insert a speaker ... then give Logan a signal . Logan fire the police car up and a sizzling current of power shoot up a connect jumper cable and into -- . the creation -~ two fifteen foot tall figure -- which begin to buzz and hun . on stage the light flicker as evil Bill and Ted now stand directly above Bill and Ted , mic stand poise . the grim reaper ( mow really into it ) tonight you will witness they ultimate battle . the winner will rightly mount the wyld stallyn saddle . the reaper grandly open he arm . and -- the entire amphitheatre suddenly begin to shake . evil bill and ted ( eye widen ) no way !! Bill and Ted use this moment to roll away . ted Bill -- the babe ! will bill come on ! and they dash off toward the wing as -- the back wall of the auditorium begins to crumble and -- two towering , metallic bill and ted robot burst through the wall ] and do a jerky AIR guitar . make from scrap of wood , metal , bit of spare tire , and fabric , they begin clanking down the center aisle . on stage the grim reaper , at full form , address the crowd - ~ grim reaper now who will be victor ? the good or the bad ? that be the question of we ... we ... ( unable to think of a rhyme ) +e. bad . -- as the " good robot " come to a thunder halt at the lip of the stage . evil Bill and Ted drop they mic stand . the reaper begin to play the synthesizer as evil Bill and Ted stand , bemuse , gaze back at the robot . evil bill you guy can not hurt we ! you be total tin-can ! evil ted yah ! plus , we have impervious shield of badness ! the good robot look at each other , grin . good robot Way no . and -- boo -booqom !! with two quick powerful punch , evil Bill and Ted be knock off they foot and up toward -- the rafter - where bill and ted have reach the princess , look down onto the stage as the evil robot rise up , look at Bill and Ted , then crash loudly below they . ii bill ( to the " good " robot ) Way to go , dude ! the good robot look up at they , nod jerkily . good robot how 's it doin’ , dude ! bill / ted ( call down ) 's ion ! brief , share 4 - way AIR guitar , then Bill manage to get one of joanna 's tie undone . joanna wriggle free . Ted unty Elizabeth . bill / ted babe ! joanna / elizabeth Bill / Ted ! below . they - the crowd go absolutely crazy as -- on stage the good robot have raise they arm and , rub they jaw , stunne , the evil one start to slide uncontrollably across the floor toward then . evil bill ( to evil Ted ) you be totally gonna be scrap metal , dude ! evil ted ( to evil Bill ) so be you ! and evil Bill and Ted be magnetically pull into the good robot '' outstretch ' hand . station control two joystick , prepare to do they in as -- bill , ted , joanna and elizabeth rush from the wing to huge cheer , cross center stage , and look at evil Bill and Ted . ted get any last thing ycu wanna say for yourselves , evil we 's ? evil Bill and Ted look at each other , then turn back . o evil bill and ted yah . it 's not over yet ! bill what ?? ( then , eye widen ) watch out ! and suddenly there be a flash of light in the sky , and -- the phone booth crashes down onto the lip of the stage , landing in a shower of crackle , sizzling electricity ... and ... de_nomolos : emerge , take a few step toward Bill and Ted , and smile . nomolos William S. Preston , esquire ? Ted mar " Theodore " Logan ? will a Bill , Ted and the princess look at each other , shrug , nod . '' bill who be you , dude ? do nomolos who be I ? who be I ? I be nomolos De nomolos . ( gesture toward evil Bill and Ted ) I be they master . and I must see to it that you die . and with that , he whip out he weapon . the guy 's jaw drop open . . ted what ? bill why , dude ? do nomolos so that in my day -- 700 year from now - ~ order will reign . order and discipline . and now ... it be time . 2 and , with that , he slowly pull the trigger and fire . Bill and Ted recoil but , just before the blast hit they , it be deflected by ... . oq '' +. . ms , wardroe , who dive in front of they , send the laser 5 ' blast bounce back off the wall , where it knock the gun out of nomolos 's hand ' and , finally , burn right into the pile of machinery that be -- evil and good robot bill and ted who , receive the blast , suddenly spark and shudder ... evil bill and ted whooocoaaaaaaaaaaaaaa .... good robot bill and ted how 's it ... doooooooiinnnnn 's + + + and 22z2zaarappppp ! they all blow up into a million tiny piece , send tower thunderbolt of ENERGY in all direction -- toward the now - glow tv cameras , toward the tv truck which be station outside , and even up toward the sky , where -- ~ a orbiting satellite be suddenly electrify . the result of all this be that : everywhere in the universe where a television set be turn on , this concert be suddenly broadcast . in China . in Africa . on Mars . everyone in the know universe be witness bill and ted and the great one 's reaction as -- ms . wardroe stagger around the stage , then stop and rip open she top and reveal that inside Ms. wardroe 's body be -- rufus that 's right , rufus ! the guy be astound . bill / ted rufus !! do nomolos you ! De nomolos start to reach for he weapon but before he can , rufus whip a gun out and aim it directly at hin . o rufus do not even try it , De nomolos . gentlemen , meet my old gym teacher , Mr. De nomolos , sit - up champ of the 27th century ... a man whose idea be so incongruous with the tide of the day , he have take great effort to bend the world 's view to match he own ... but , fortunately , he have fail . ( then ) Captain Logan . rufus nod to Captain Logan , who walk up and cuff De nomolos . . ted way. to go , dad ! bill a most ignoble end , De nomolos . Logan lead the ashen De nomolos offstage and toward the await officer Pratt and Gass . Bill , Ted and the princess cross to rufus . bill 7 - how long have you be here , rufus ? rufus I get here just in time for you audition , William . elizabeth so you be Ms. wardroe all along ? rufus nod proudly , then indicate the crowd . rufus and now , gentleman . the stage be yours . bill ( gulp ) - thanks , rufus . and Bill and Ted cross to they micu as rufus pick up a guitar . joanna cross to the keyboard , tap the reaper on the shoulder , and point to a stand up bass . the reaper go to it . Station pick up a saxophone , wail on it for a second , as -- tremble with nerve , the guy look at each other , then at they band . " go on , " death nod . the princess smile encouragingly . Bill step forward , voice shaky .. 2o3 bill ( to Ted ; sotto ) so ... I guess this be the place where we be suppose to make a speech ... - ted ( same ) well ... what be we gonna say ? bill I dunno . but it better be good . the theater all eye - - and camera - - be lock onto they . all around the universe people watch , rapt , as -- a a onstage the guy look at each other for a moment , brow furrow , really struggle . finally , glance over at the grim reaper ( who continue to vamp on the bass ) , Bill get a idea . he step forward , grab he mic and blurt : bill kiss you fear , dude ! ted yah , or just call they , or offer ema honey bun or something , and they 'il go away . bill yah , they be not that bad . ted here 's what 's bad : evil robot version of you . bill yah . do not get program by anybody other than yourself . ( beat ) or a martian . ted Beyond that , all we can say be ... bill kiss you fear . ic ? ted do not be a robot , and ... bill / ted let 's play . the crowd roar , and the band launch into a ( bad ) song . the guy look at each . other . ted ( sotto ) dude . we be in front of the entire universe , and we still do not know how to play . bill ( nod ; then , sotto : ) maybe we oughta get good , Ted . ted - +.» how ? pause . the guy slowly shift they attention to the phone booth . bill ( turn back to the mic ) lady and gentleman ... not ted ( same ) Excuse we for a second . and the guy leap into the booth , quickly dial some number , and in a flash the booth disappear . a split second later it reappear , drop CENTER stage . the door open , and through the smoke . and spark ... bill and ted now literally six month older , emerge , wave to the crowd . ( they be dress completely differently . bill 's hair be frizze out in a puffy blond perm . Ted have grow long sideburn , a fu - manchu mustache and a soul patch . ) bill ( to Ted ) that be a fast six month . ted yah , let 's hope that intensive guitar training pay off . they step up to the mic . bill hello San dima and surround universe ! the guy look at each other . bill / ted one , two -- one -two -three -four ! and they leap into the most amazing , over -the -top , indescribably masterful guitar solos ever hear . : the audience be blow away . all over the world people watch , fascinate . bum in front of tv store window . eskimos in igloos . even dog and cat gather in front of tv 's . in . the white house rere . z George Bush enter he bedroom , glance over at the tv . GEORGE BUSH what 's that , Silver Fox ? barbara BUSH ( over a dog book ) it 's Bill and Ted . GEORGE BUSH what would they say ? barbara BUSH kiss you fear and do not be a robot . GEORGE BUSH ( watch a moment , nod ) Station . in the kremlin mikhail Gorbachev look at the tv . gorbachev ( in Russian ) do not be a robot ! ( gesture wildly to raisa ) yes ! yes ! on mar martian cheer and yell . a o martian Station !! Station !! Station !! Station !! ( beat ) more pretzel , martian . at the concert the crowd cheer wildly , and as -- on stage Bill and Ted continua they thunder , incredible guitar solos , and -- rufus turn and look directly at camera . beat . ' rufus St . and as he start to play , we freeze frame and fade out . music continue over title . the end