bird BOX screenplay by Eric heisserer base on the novel by josh malerman March 10 , 2014 draft Chris Morgan / Scott stuber / universal picture over black : two brisk hand clap . the sound of a woman 's voice . malorie ( v.o. ) listen to I carefully . because I be only go to say this once . hard OPEN on the face of malorie . late 20 , early 30 . no makeup . no hair product . stress wage war with exhaustion . around she , a dimly - light live room . blanket cover the window . she speak right to we : malorie we be go on a trip now . take the rowboat down the river . it could be a long trip . it could be quick . but the important thing be that you both do every single thing I say . understand ? reverse on a boy and a girl . both four year old . underf . Big , attentive eye . wearing scarve around they neck . they nod . boy yes . girl yes . malorie it 's cold now , but it will warm up when the sun be high . you have you blanket . girl : you have you puzzle piece . there be nothing more you need from here . do you understand I ? boy yes . girl yes . in the girl 's hand : three jigsaw piece . her finger toy with they absently . they nod . malorie under no circumstance will either one of you remove you blindfold . if I find that you have , I will hurt you . do you understand ? Boy mutter : boy yes . malorie I need you both to listen as close as you can . on the river . listen beyond the water , into the wood . if you hear anything in that wood , tell I . if you hear something in the water , you tell I . understand ? girl yes . boy yes . malorie do not talk just to pass the time . girl , you will sit up front and Boy , you will be in the back . when we get to the boat I will guide you to you place . I will be row . girl do we need we bicycle bell ? malorie 's eye get wet . she hold it in . malorie no . not for this trip . now , put you fold on . Boy and girl work the blindfold over they eye . malorie ( cont 'd ) be they good and tight ? Boy give she a thumb -up . so do girl . int . foyer - moment later malorie lead Boy and girl . she reach the back door . board cover the door 's glass inset . Boy and girl hold hand . girl 's knuckle go white . Boy squeeze back . on the floor by the door : a bird cage . Inside : a little , fat budgie . malorie bend down , cup she hand ... and transfer the bird to a shoebox . it coo at she as she cover the box and heft it . malorie then pick up she blindfold . before don it , she look around . Inside , all be quiet and still . a land - line phone sit on the coffee table . nothing else around it . as if it be a holy relic . malorie secure she blindfold . reaches out and grip the door handle . take a breath . malorie ( sotto ) twenty , thirty - one , fifty - four . twenty , thirty - one , fifty - four . ( then ) here we go . with tremble hand , she open the door . ext . house - morning tight on malorie 's face . advance into the back yard . whisper under she breath . tight on Boy and girl . they form a train behind she . girl crook she head leave and right . in the distance , a generator thrum . glimpsis of : yellow grass . overcast sky . it 's cold . malorie step carefully . malorie ( sotto ) eighteen , nineteen ... twenty . her hand reach out to she right ... and find a fence post . she pivot and march another direction . farther away from the house . slightly downhill . Boy and girl take note of this shift . girl ( whisper ) left. boy ( whisper ) okay . the three march on . malorie ( sotto ) twenty -nine , thirty , thirty -one . malorie raise she hand ... and touch a tree branch . she let out a breath of relief . and she change direction once more . Boy and girl adapt . the sound of the river creep in . malorie quietly count she step . then : a sound . rustling . the sigh of foliage . Boy 's ear perk . he pause . it stop the train . Boy and girl turn they head the same direction . beat. listen . then , another rustle . back the way they come . the budgie inside the shoebox chirp . its wing scrape against the box lid . girl ( sotto ) malorie . malorie tense and start they move . faster now . malorie ( sotto ) forty -nine , fifty , fifty - one , fifty - two , fifty three ... fifty -four . the sound of the river be close . malorie reach out and down ... but she finger grasp air . no landmark here . malorie sweep she arm around . still nothing . somewhere off to the right : leave rustle . closer . the budgie chirp in distress . girl tug at malorie 's arm . malorie start to hyperventilate . she step forward . groping . malorie ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) fifty -five . rustle . malorie ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) pifty-six -- boy get closer -- her finger stretch -- and touch the end of a rowboat . malorie put a foot in the boat and lift girl inside . then Boy . and follow they in . the three push off , into the river 's flow . as malorie begin to row . a branch crack nearby . the oar dip into the water . CUT to : malorie 's hand dip into soapy bath water . we be now in : int . malorie 's bathroom - day malorie drain she tub after a bath . she 's wrap a towel around she head , partly dress in bra and panty , so it 's clear she be six month pregnant . this be five year earlier . she look radiant , bright - eye , and when she unwrap the towel , long hair flow out . malorie run a hand over she baby bump . questioning . all by herself , naked both physically and emotionally , she stare at she belly as if it be concern news . int . malorie 's live room - day a painting of a river hang over a cheap fireplace . nearby , a tv play a fashion reality program . malorie sit on the floor with she back against a fade sofa . she 's dress comfortably now , but make up . fashion host on tv ( 0.s. ) and now it 's time to transform she from ' hot mess 's to ' princess . 's before malorie : a baby shower gift in pretty wrapping paper . around it lay the paper remain of previously open gift . she tear into the wrapping . this baby shower gift be a wipe warmer . and a card . written inside : '' better find a husband soon ! xo alison '' malorie make a noise with she tooth . malorie ( sotto ) alison , you bitch . she cluck she tongue and log the gift on a notepad . malorie sit up as someone enter she front door . jessica , malorie 's sister . a skinnier , fiercer version of malorie . carry grocery like they be 500 pound . jessica Holy fuck , the store be pack . this thing be serious . malorie what ? jessica turn to the news . malorie what channel ? jessica carry the bag to the kitchen . over she shoulder : jessica any of they . switching channel , the tv land on footage of two ambulance at a park at night , load body on stretcher . news anchor ( v.o . ) and in tula , a city south of Moscow , last report estimate a death toll of twenty - one thousand . it 's yet to be determine if this be from a airborne pathogen , but some like the symptom to a sudden onset of psychotic behavior . malorie get up and follow jessica . int . kitchen jessica unload the bag . malorie loiter nearby . russian official on tv ( 0.s. ) -- not that we know of , but somehow it 's spread at a alarming rate , which be why we be be careful -- malorie it 's in Russia . jessica try tell that to the soccer mom fight over the bottled water . I do not want you go out there until people remember to calm the fuck down . okay ? be dad texting you survivalist bullshit ? jessica uncap a beer bottle with she shirt , take a swig . malorie I be in the bath . I have that ob appointment , remember ? jessica shit ! right . I can drive you . malorie maybe we should postpone . jessica face malorie , who will not make eye contact . jessica hey . we talk about this . it 'il be fine . you be have this baby . malorie yeah . ( then ) of course . jessica I be a accident , too . ask mom . jessica go back to stow the grocery . malorie but dad never bail on Mom . jessica do not matter . mom be mom . malorie nod . try to buy into it . jessica ( cont 'd ) how go the great unwrap ? malorie it go . I do not know what half this stuff do . alison get I something . jessica seriously ? what ? malorie ( grin form ) a wipe warmer . jessica ( laugh ) perfect . you ’1ll think of she every time you wipe the kid 's ass . c’mon , let 's get you to the doctor . jessica grab she car key and she purse from the counter . news anchor ( 0.s . ) -- but the cdc have not find any evidence of a contagion . int . live room jessica pass malorie , on march for the front door , but malorie linger a moment , captivate by something on tv . on screen : low-quality dashboard camera footage of civilian flee past the car in a downtown district . one of the people run by wear a hospital gown . int . hospital exam room - day malorie sit on a exam table , wear a hospital gown . dr . sue lapham ( 40s , cheery ) be dress in a white coat over she street clothes , and she gesture with she clipboard . dr . lapham thanks for meeting here , by the way . another patient of mine be about to pop . how have you be feel ? sleep any better ? malorie sleep be still rough . no one tell I how hard it would be to get comfortable in this shape . dr . lapham you know my method ? couch cushion on the bed . here and here , so you belly fit between they . malorie I 'il try that . dr . lapham you be due in twelve week , so let 's try some natural remedy for the insomnia before I prescribe anything . ( casually ) you have a name pick ? malorie not yet . something about it ... it have not really click with I . you know ? the idea . motherhood . dr . lapham that 's normal . it will pass . malorie smile sadly and nod . while hold that smile : 10 . malorie what if it do not ? Dr. lapham read from she clipboard . dr . lapham everything will change after the baby 's bear . now , let 's talk about the next trimester . expect more weight gain , but if it get more than forty pound over where you be before , call I . creeping in on malorie as she listen to the doctor , and it all play out on she face : a silent war against encroach anxiety . she look away . take a breath as lapham continue : dr . lapham ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) heartburn will be more common . you might also deal with hemorrhoid , discharge , bleed , and varicose vein , that 's all natural . be aware of braxton hick contraction at odd hour , like tremor before a real quake ... the doctor 's voice grow more and more distant as malorie struggle to keep it all together . and then -- int . hospital bathroom - moment later malorie vomit into the toilet bowl . she clean herself up at the sink and stare at herself in the mirror . her own bloodshot eye stare back . malorie wash she face . then go to the towel to dry she face and hand . nearby : a basket of read material . magazine . pamphlet . Flyers about parenthood , childbirth . malorie notice one . pick it up . the headline : '' you have a choice . // give you child to a good home ! '' a informational flyer on adoption . malorie consider something . then put the flyer in she purse . 11 . int . hospital - day a cacophony of noise . malorie navigate a hallway , leave lapham 's office . a pair of paramedics rush by the other way , wheeling a man with a leg injury on a gurney . int . hospital lobby the commotion be louder here . other patient wait for urgent care watch in horror at the scene play out in the corner of the room -- a woman in a pricey jogging suit and glossy fingernails shrill at two nurse try to close in on she -- as she scream non-word she dig she fingernails into she right cheek and begin to tear into she flesh -- with she other hand she start with the thin skin around she eyelid and pull -- and the nurse go for she and blood get everywhere and malorie hurry out the door amid the ad lib shout -- ext . hospital - moment later malorie get to jessica 's car in visitor parking . shake . jessica wait in the driver 's seat , texting on she phone . int . jessica 's car jessica do not look up from she phone as malorie get in . jessica how would it go ? still have a baby ? malorie it 's happen now . this get she attention . jessica the baby ? malorie no , the -- whatever it be in Russia . the thing that make you go crazy ? I think it 's here . 12 . jessica Doctor lapham be crazy ? malorie can we get go please ? jessica okay , number one , you gotta calm down for I . and B -- outside , a ambulance drive up , light and siren go , and screech to a halt at the door . the back of the ambulance rock violently from some struggle play out inside . jessica notice , toss she phone in she purse , throw it in back , and start the car . ext . parking lot jessica 's car tear out just as two squad car pull in . int . jessica 's car - day malorie hold she phone to she ear . jessica who be you call ? malorie Mom and dad . jessica they will be fine . take a act of congress to get they out of they house more than once a week . malorie listen with the phone to she ear . malorie voicemail . ( to jess ) it go to voicemail . jessica let out a stiff breath , then change lane . jessica we will swing by . but I be call it now : they be both fine . at the next red light , they pull up alongside another car . a young man drive with he pretty girlfriend . 13 . he nod at malorie . malorie nod back . they be stranger , but just check in with each other . it 's okay . then : a loud but distant crack . and a rumble . malorie look around -- it 's behind she . four block back and one or two over : a firecloud . smoke rise like black cellophane . jessica ( cont 'd ) damn . seriously ? malorie I do not like this . jess , can we just go ? maybe we just drive . in the adjacent car , Young man with he panicked girlfriend do that : he look at cross traffic , and run the red light . other traffic screech and veer , honking . malorie ( cont 'd ) jess - — jessica I be not do anything stupid . you be pregnant . the light turn green a moment later . jessica mash the gas . ext . suburban neighborhood - day Upper middle class . not mansion , but try . jessica 's car navigate the street amid sparse traffic . the cloud be the color of fresh bruise . distant thunder . int . jessica's car jessica and malorie take the ride in silence . tense . malorie fidget nervously . malorie where be all the traffic ? jessica okay you need to cool it because you be start to freak I out now , okay ? and we can not both be freaking out . 14 . malorie sorry . a phone ring . malorie look down at she phone in she lap . jessica be it dad ? malorie it 's not my phone -- jessica in back , in my purse -- it ring again . malorie reach back , into jessica 's purse -- she open the bag and dig for the phone as it ring -- bent over , head down , malorie find the phone just as the call screen switch to missed call and -- jessica ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) oh my GOD what be that , do you see that what be it ? malorie bring the phone up front , frown -- malorie see what ? jessica 's body language and posture change . her muscle be rigid . hand wring the wheel . and she eye flit constantly . her voice crack -- jessica back there I mean what I see -- malorie press the return call on the phone and put it to she ear while talk to jessica -- malorie okay , calm down , hey -- jessica what I see it be , it be -- malorie look back as she listen to ring on the other end of the line -- malorie 's Pov : a slight hill in the road prevent she from see anything past the suv half a block back , but it swerve violently -- 15 . jessica ( cont 'd ) I do not care now I do not care anymore -- and now the phone be ringing in malorie 's ear and a seat belt alarm be beeping and somewhere a truck 's horn be honk the engine revs as jessica pick up speed all the while look right at malorie - - jessica ( cont 'd ) we be all go to die . malorie jess , what -- malorie see it a fraction before it happen : jessica have steer into oncoming traffic . ext . suburban STREET a pickup truck smashes into the leave front bumper -- both vehicle crumple at the hood in a eruption of plastic , metal , glass , and shred rubber -- airbag deploy like white mushroom cloud -- jessica 's car spin away , momentum carry it back to the curb as the pickup limp into a park car -- and then after the screech and crunch and terror : stillness . the car 's engine have die . int . jessica's car malorie 's airbag deflate , revealing a breathless malorie dust in white safety powder , try to get she bearing . she instinctively put she hand to she belly . her seatbelt and the airbag save they . a hiss of air deflate nearby draw she attention to : jessica . push she airbag out of the way . only one arm be work for she . the other one be bleed profusely . a cut over she forehead have bath she face in blood . malorie oh my god ... jess ... 16 . jessica look at she with the eye of a feral creature . she turn the ignition to start the car again . her mouth move as if she 's speak , but it 's soft as a prayer . malorie be in pure shock , and terrify by she sister . she unbuckle the seatbelt and open she car door to escape -- and jessica grapples malorie 's wrist , croaking a warning : jessica you stay in . malorie struggle to break free -- malorie let go , jess , let go -- and wrench away from she and out of the car . ext . suburban STREET malorie stumble away to the sidewalk and look back at jessica in shock . malorie what be wrong with you ?! jessica get back in get back in get - — and the suv from down the block collide with the back of the car , wiping jessica and the vehicle out of frame like a runaway locomotive . malorie flinch in surprise . but it do not stop . another car accelerate from down the street , veer toward malorie like a missile . malorie turn and start to run . her inner ear still ring from the crash . she can not move fast at six month pregnant . for six utterly agonizing second , she move for a tree while the car barrel down behind she , pop the curb at fifty mile per hour , the driver laughing at the wheel -- malorie duck behind the tree trunk just as the car collide with it behind she -- 17 . the front end wrapping around the trunk on either side of she in a shudder impact -- and the tree rain down a few hundred leave on she in a terrible aftershock to the one - note cry of the stick horn . malorie take she hand down from she head , still hold she breath . the horn blare , mingling with the ringing in she ear . Shell - shocked , she get up and start walk . anywhere . away from the wreckage both behind she and on the street , where she sister 's body be surely mangle inside . her hand shake involuntarily . she can not quite breathe . following with malorie , that war with terror and anxiety play out on she face again . a hand reach for she , out of frame , touch she shoulder . malorie scream -- it 's a tall , sturdy - look man who show she he hand in a gesture of peace . his name be tom ( late 30 , blue- collar countenance , gentle eye ) . tom hey , hey . it 's okay . ( beat ) but we need to get inside . malorie my sister -- tom right now . he hold out he hand . malorie take it . and they start to run . ahead : another pack of people catch outside at the moment also start to run , search for a destination . a surly man with a pedometer be among they . this man be donald ( mid -40s , former hipster ) . Donald be the perpetual critic who need to be the smartest man in the room . donald do not look back ! just keep face this way ! listen to I ! 18 . a Hispanic woman ( lucy , 20 , athletic clothes ) cross the street ahead of Donald on a similar mission to find shelter . then we see where she 's go -- Three house ahead , a well - dress , middle - age woman ( lydia ) gesture at they from she driveway . lydia hurry ! it 's not safe out here ! Lucy be the first to she front door , where she meet lydia 's husband greg ( 5as , worry line on he face ) in the threshold . she step in just as Donald get there and tell greg : donald pull the curtain . now . greg and Donald go inside -- malorie move as fast as she can at six month pregnant . her focus be on lydia . lydia keep step farther down the driveway as she usher people into she house , look past malorie , try to shout over the din of the stick horn . then , lydia 's body language change . her posture get rigid . she tremble as if strike by sudden illness . her eye widen . and she voice stop make word , and instead begin uttering a sound out of tune from the blaring horn . lydia take two step and then run directly into the street -- just as a speed car drive past and ram into lydia , yanking she over the hood and roof -- the crowd witness it in silent shock . greg appear at the door again . see he wife 's body . and go as if to run to she . Donald grab he and pull he back , and soon more neighbor rush in for he to obscure he view of she -- but malorie . she can feel that question in she brain . that primal curiosity . she start to turn she head and look back . 19 . she nearly do when tom put a hand over that side of she face and firmly grip she arm -- tom no you be not . come on . he guide she for the house . from inside , greg 's voice can be hear , argue . Tom and malorie cross the threshold , into -- int . foyer the house . the same one as in the opener . Tom close the door behind he . they be the last one in . head count : eight or nine . most of they catch they breath , pace , two of they silently cry from the trauma of witness two death up close . malorie watch as : Donald pull at the heavy curtain in the live room nearby . lucy donald what the fuck be that -- they be all go crazy ! greg can not stop pace . to no one in particular -- greg and do you see it ? he come out of nowhere and just run she over ? I mean what be wrong with the driver out there I mean really ? ( then ) I have to get he plate . greg move for the door and immediately Lucy , Tom , and two other men hold he back . tom it 's not safe right now . let 's just -- give it a while . malorie back away from the door . outside , the horn still blare . accompany by a scream , suddenly cut off . and then a distant gunshot . malorie stare at the door the whole time . crying in shock , some part of she aware she sister be dead . tremble . malorie something be behind we . lucy do you see it ? 20 . donald ( 0.s. ) of course not . Donald step in from the live room . donald ( cont 'd ) if she have , she would have lose she mind , like the other . malorie my sister see it . another one of the group chime in : felix ( mid -20s , skinny , leather jacket , a motorcycle helmet in one fist ) . felix you be talk about the virus in Europe ? Tom 's attention dance from malorie back to Donald . donald that 's a bullshit story . it 's live thing from who -know - where -- cheryl ( 5as , busybody with '' traditional value '' ) interject : cheryl like alien ? Lucy chime in aggressively . she 's the type of woman you would guess have five older brother . lucy oh come on , alien ? -- donald they discount that , no airspace have be invade -- another man wear a fishing vest speak up loudly , step on Donald 's information . this be jason . jason give I a break now , really . a few people get into a car accident and now we be make up monster comin’ outta the wood . I do not claim to know what 's go on in some other country but I know not to fall for any of that conspiracy crap -- ( point at Don ) -- and the rest o’ you 's 1ll come around once the adrenaline stop flow . 21 . donald jason ( be : '' that crap '' ) ( salute ) yeah thanks for that . now I be leave . but Jason pause , aware of the chaos and scream out front . he decide better of it and step back . jason ( cont 'd ) I ‘’1l take the back door , just to avoid that mess . the other watch Jason march off for the rear of the house . somewhere beyond , a door slam shut a moment later . donald look , you can join bold and stupid out the back but I be tell you this be very serious , so listen up . people online be say how just witness one of that thing out there be enough to snap you brain -- cheryl what thing ? more voice overlap again , everyone argue different point until Tom raise both hand up high and clap . tom hey ! calm down . we can talk about this like adult , and we be out of immediate danger . all right ? we can figure this out . he say it with conviction , and in a moment get the command of the room . malorie see it happen , just like that -- they do not listen to Donald like they do with Tom . she see Donald reacting to it , too . quietly affront by the turn of tide . malorie my parent be about a mile from here , on arbor . I need to get to they . I need to go . greg be in denial , he voice crack as he talk : greg I have to check on lydia -- the group get hyper again and then Tom hold up a finger , place himself protectively at the door . 22 . tom hold on . let 's stay put until the chaos die down . what 's you name ? greg greg . tom this be you house ? greg I and lydia . tom how many window do you have on the back side of the house ? greg window ? uh. quite a few . donald ( be -assert ) curtain ? greg blind -- why , what do this -- donald shit ... tom you two : what be you name ? felix Felix . lucy Lucy . tom let 's go close some blind . try not to look outside if you can help it . and you -- donald Don , yeah . I already do the front side , so I be just gonna stay here if you do not mind . Tom lead Felix and Lucy away , toward the kitchen . the rest of the group remain stand or sit on the bottom step of the front stair . 23. Donald look up to the landing . donald ( cont 'd ) greg ? how many floor be this ? greg Three . donald a lot of window . cheryl can you send you housekeeper up to close they all up ? greg housekeeper ? cheryl that girl Lucy , be not she --? greg I do not know she . cheryl oh. well . I live two door down , and we have heavy foliage block we house . for privacy ? donald good for you . cheryl my husband and my son will be back from lansing pretty soon . so if you want to relocate , I be just say . outside , among the chaos : a distant sound . inhuman . otherworldly . no creature in wildlife sound like it . the noise reverberate through the house . donald it be not safe to go outside . at all . malorie how long do you think we ’1ll have to stay inside ? donald I do not know . a couple of hour ? malorie 's attention return to the door . her posture rigid and tense . and she hand on she belly . 24 . ext . suburban neighborhood - day five year later . ivy have snake over a orphane tricycle . rust cake a car 's sideview mirror . ext . river - day malorie steady herself on the row boat . girl turn she head toward malorie . girl you stop row . malorie just take a break . keep listen . no talk . beat . but because she 's four year old : girl ( sotto ) how much longer ? malorie ( sigh ) a few hour . boy ( sotto ) what be it like ? malorie ( sotto ) I do not know . it 's a safe place . protected with high wall . they say there 's even a courtyard , so you can walk around outside . girl ask it like it 's Santa Claus : girl tree ? malorie trees. ( harden ) now if you refuse to keep quiet , tell I the step again . tell I the step . 25 . girl eighty -six , forty - four , thirty . malorie boy. landmark . boy statue . Bridge . car. Stone . malorie good . now quiet . listen . girl ( beat , sotto ) what 's a car ? malorie realize : they do not know . the child have never see one . before she can explain -- boy I hear something . girl straighten up . her ear perk along she scalp . malorie reach out to the shoebox . Inside : the flutter of tiny wing . but otherwise silent . malorie ( sotto ) be it ... boy I do not know . girl I hear it , too . and now malorie do . a faint but rhythmic clapping . malorie can you tell where it 's from ? neither child answer for a moment . then : boy it 's get closer . malorie dip the oar back into the water -- 26 . it yank in she hand , nearly slip . the current be fast . and now we see what 's make the noise . a sink boat , its deck still partly surface . part of a human skeleton dangle from a cabin door . this vessel be too big to navigate this shallow water , and now it 's debris . malorie 's boat be on a collision course . and none of they see it come . they blindness make they eerily unguard as -- the rowboat smashes into the shipwreck -- lurching everyone and everything inside -- malorie ballast herself with the oar but -- a backpack tip overboard and then -- boy fall off the back -- boy ( cont 'd ) malorie ! she feel it come and snake-swift grab he leg through some maternal instinct -- but hang onto he start to tip the boat over -- malorie Boy ! and Boy flail and splashes -- and malorie lie flat and drop she oar but refuse to let go of the Boy 's jacket -- the boat hit a shallow point , slow abruptly -- Boy manage to get he hand on the boat again , cough up water , he breath plume in the cold air -- girl be quietly have a nervous breakdown , she hand on the blindfold , ready to pull it off -- malorie get both hand around Boy -- heft he back into the boat , soaking wet , cry , bleed -- boy malorie malorie malorie -- 27 . malorie shh shh , I get you . boy I be cold . malorie girl : a dry blanket . girl still consider take off she blindfold . breathe quickly . malorie ( cont 'd ) blanket . girl reach around in the boat . girl I can not find the pack . just the food bag . malorie search , too . realize it 's go . malorie okay . she pull a thin , fold blanket from under she , what she have be use as a cushion , and drape it over herself and Boy , create a little cocoon in the boat . the blanket be soak from the collision . it 's useless to dry the Boy . with the blanket fully cover both the boy and she ina makeshift fort , malorie pull off she blindfold . Boy be shiver uncontrollably . hypothermia . his forehead be bruise . boy what do I do ? Boy tug at he blindfold . peer up at malorie with one teary eye . malorie you need to dry off and warm up . boy b-blanket ? malorie we lose the rest , and this be too wet . so I be go to get some more and bring they back . okay ? 28 . Boy nod . malorie ( cont 'd ) cover up . Fort go away . he adjust he blindfold . malorie don she blindfold , too . she lift the blanket off and slap it to the boat 's floor . girl be we go back ? what be we do , be we go home ? malorie ( quietly ) shh. listen . I have to get some blanket . should be in a house nearby . I will not be long . girl you be leave we ? malorie sit back - to-back . listen closely . the bird stay with you . malorie shove the row boat with she one remain oar until it wedge against the shore . she then take the soak blanket . and very gingerly step out of the boat . Boy 's tooth rattle and he make a noise when he exhales . malorie ( cont 'd ) shh . Boy screw up he face , muster courage . two step into the wood , malorie stop . reaches out . find a branch . on she belt : a reel of fishing wire . weighted at the end with a sinker . malorie loop the end around the base of the branch . tug at it . it 's solid . she venture into the tree . the fishing wire unspool as she go . point she back to the boat . 29 . the reel make a sound ; soft click . girl and Boy listen to it recede . ext . wood - day malorie move with one arm out in front of she face and another pan leave and right . she walk quickly , even blind . she find a tree , then navigate around it . the reel click softly at she belt . a rustling sound . malorie freeze . hold she breath . then the sound of flap wing , overhead . bird . malorie breathes again . visibly relieved . she march on . distantly : tiny bell - song from a wind chime . that suggest a back porch . a house . another half dozen step put she into a clear . her foot nudge something . she crouch down . feel . stands up clutching a metal rod . her hand work they way up the metal -- it 's long . she find the end : a net . this be a pool cleaner . malorie hold one end and reach out to thump the ground ahead of she , in a arc . Soft thump ... Soft thump ... concrete . malorie advance in that direction . ahead of she : a dilapidate two -story house . with a backyard pool , now scummy with alga . the cleaner dip into the green water . splashes . malorie course correct to walk around it . ext . rowboat - day Boy be tremble so much , it agitate the budgie in the shoebox . its wing flutter under the lid . 30 . girl hush . boy please . talk to I . girl about what ? boy tell I something she would say . girl do not click you tooth . boy what if she do not come back ? girl she always come back . but girl 's voice crack when she speak . boy ( quietly ) what if she do not ? int . abandoned house - day sunlight pour in from bay window , illuminate dust in the stale air inside . the back door vibrate with a loud thump . again . and then it 's forcibly kick in by malorie . she step inside . tense . all be quiet . it 's a five - bedroom mausoleum . malorie find a chair . and a table . it 's a breakfast table . nearby : a counter . the kitchen . she take a step deeper into the house -- and the fishing wire go taut . end of the line . malorie curse to herself . moment later malorie tie the reel to a table leg . 31 . she unfurl the wet blanket , drape it over herself . under the sopping cover , she remove she blindfold . her Pov : a very narrow world . blanket , she foot , and some of the tile floor around she . just enough to navigate by . wider angle with the sunlight on she back , malorie delve into the house . ext . rowboat - day Boy 's sound of agony be get louder . girl rock back and forth , hugging herself . from the wood : branch break . Boy instantly go quiet . girl grab the oar . both sit up like rabbit , listen for a predator . more branch crack . the sound bounce around the forest . no way to tell if it 's near or far . boy ( sotto ) be it she ? it be not . from the shoebox : two nervous chirp . the bird can not see out the hole cut in the box , but it 's clear the budgie sense something . int . upstair bathroom - day free of the blanket and blindfold , malorie grab a set of bath towel off a rack . shove they into a duffel bag . int . upstair bedroom - moment later malorie open dresser drawer , look for clothing . check the tag on t-shirt . take one . 32 . int . bedroom closet - moment later malorie rifle through clothes on rack . find a heavy coat . too big . but better than nothing . ready to go , she don a clean , dry beach towel . int . abandoned house - moment later returning to the kitchen . a noise stop she cold : the sound of the table be drag across the floor . the fishing wire have catch on something . something big enough to move the table . her Pov : straight ahead , stare at the fabric of the towel , all that filter through be a vague rectangle of sunlight . and then a shadow pass in front of it . large . devour the gauzy sunlight . malorie go rigid with fear . slowly , she reach up and put on she blindfold . wider angle the beach towel slide off she back . she 's grip the scissors in one hand . moves. very. cautiously . for the door . the table be jamme against it . her hand find the reel tie to the leg . the fishing wire be still taut . strain . poise to snap at any moment . something splashes heavily , outside . ext . back lawn malorie stay low , follow the line . listen intently . something be near . in the pool . what be not hear : breathe noise . it 's unsettle . 33 . malorie 's hand follow the fishing line . her foot step on the pool net she drop before . off to she right , more water sound . something emerge from the pool . malorie do something very risky : she run while blindfolded . int . wood - moment later thin tree branch lash she as she run through . then , she trip on something and fall hard . scrape she arm . when she get up , she reach out , search , find : a corpse of a woman . mostly decaye . but higher up -- the fishing line . she 's back on track . ext . rowboat - day Boy and girl huddle together , shiver . malorie emerge from the tree -- girl grab the oar again , threaten : girl stay away ! malorie it 's I , girl . it 's I . malorie find the boat and climb on board . Boy and girl cling to she . hugging tightly . malorie embrace they both . beat . then , sniffle : girl will we make it now ? Boy tilt he head up at she . boy will we ever make it ? malorie of course we will . 34 . she say it sternly . but she head be turn away . like she 's ask that question for year , every day . int . house - morning five year ago . a ' x’ be draw in a square . long-haire malorie cross through a July date on a wall calendar , match a week of xs prior . she 's at the counter separate the kitchen from the live and dining area of the house . she flip the calendar to September to note the 28th circle and label : '' due date . '' behind she , the live room be busy with the captive member . int . kitchen greg stare at a empty cabinet . other cabinet door hang open , revealing stack of plateware here and there , and lot of empty space . a rare can of food . Felix crunch on cereal right out of the box at the island . stand and eat like a bachelor . greg be that choco-burst ? felix yeah man . if anything have my name on it , it 's this . why do you even have this stuff ? gesture at the box with the cartoon character on its cover . greg it 's my nephew 's favorite . felix ( mouth full ) he have good taste . greg ( judgmental ) he 's ten . int . live room - moment later Tom nod at greg as he approach . wait for the answer . 35 . greg we be out of perishable . and all that 's leave to drink be well water . you might have to make another trip to Cheryl 's house and grab anything else there to eat . tom we do that already . and the two house on either side . greg we need a real solution here ... as they continue , we drift to find Lucy play solitaire at the coffee table . her leg bounce . Cheryl rearrange the throw pillow on the couch , make idle chatter with Lucy whether Lucy want to or not . cheryl and if I have not be out to check the mail , who know where I would be . what be you do around here ? Lucy try not to take it as a racist question . lucy I live a mile from here . I be in graduate study . cheryl oh ? maybe you know Felix , I hear he 's a recent grad . lucy pshh . no. cheryl what be you study ? lucy fitness and nutrition . so basically I be screw . nobody 's gonna be count calory anymore . Cheryl move a chair and sit at eye level with Lucy . cheryl this be temporary . when we get out of this , I be go to have you help Bobby with he candy addiction . ( at Donald ) ( more ) 36 . cheryl ( cont 'd ) have they say anything about lansing ? Donald hold up a finger at Cheryl : hold on . he sit near a stereo system tune to a talk radio station . Felix return from the kitchen and join he . deejay ( v.o . ) ... would then move north from Ann arbor secure smaller city as they go , start with Brighton , July 27 . fenton , July 30 . waterford , August 10 . flint , August 17 . riverbridge , September 3 . felix there it be . donald maybe . felix malorie , circle September third . malorie National Guard ? felix yeah . malorie - - still at the wall calendar -- circle the date . then write the word '' rescue '' on the date . donald allegedly . Lucy stand up and roll she shoulder like a boxer before a fight . nervous energy . lucy September ? fuck , that 's over a month away . Cheryl give Lucy a disapprove look . Lucy ignore she . felix we will run out of toilet paper sooner than that . donald we have already clean out the kitchen . some of we do not understand ration , either . 37 . malorie join in , have overhear greg and Tom nearby . malorie Tom be talk about a supply run . cheryl the radio say to stay inside . felix stuff will not magically come to we . cheryl somebody must deliver out here . ( off everyone 's look ) I mean , right ? ... what ? Felix be first to crack a laugh . it get everyone giggle . malorie Cheryl . nobody deliver anymore . the doorbell ring . everyone tense . exchange look . greg and Tom break from they talk and join the group . greg be that ...? the doorbell ring again . nobody move . lucy well be someone gonna get that ? she go for the door . malorie be that safe ? Lucy stop at the door . Hand on the knob . lucy you think it 's one of that thing ? felix ( oh come on ) ringing the doorbell ? like they be sell cookie ? olympia ( 0.s. ) ( mute ) nobody 's answer . 38 . lucy who 's there ? olympia ( 0.s. ) oh thank god . hi ? my name be olympia . can we come in ? lucy what be you do out there ? greg march for the door -- greg oh for god 's sake , let she in . but Tom advance , grab a blanket from the back of the sofa on he way -- tom wait , hang on . ( through door ) I be go to open the door just a little and hand you a blanket . there be two porch lamp on either side of the door , you need to hang this on ‘em to block the view , okay ? olympia ( 0.s. ) okay . tom ( to room ) look away . they obey , as Tom open the door a crack and toss the blanket outside , then close it again . a moment later , after some shuffle outside : olympia ( 0.s. ) okay ? I think it 's up now . Tom open the door just a crack and peer outside . through the narrow view of the front porch : a woman . blonde , put together . carry a hello Kitty travel bag full of clothes . a timid 30 go on sweet 16 . a scarf hide she face . she pull it up and blink at Tom . olympia ( cont ’d ) hi. Tom open the door for she and she step in . 39 . olympia ( cont ’d ) oh wow , there be a lot of you . she set she bag down , revealing she round belly under she dress . she 's pregnant . greg you're ... uh . olympia nod , caress she bump . olympia due September 20 . felix wow , you two be a week apart . malorie and olympia make eye contact . malorie instantly dislike she . malorie where do you come from ? olympia my husband be in the Air Force , he be deploy last month , so I be stay at a friend 's down the block the day everybody start freaking out . she go out to get grocery , uh , that be two day ago . so I go outside , and -- Tom start to shut the door when a hand push back , keep the door open . in step edgar : 60 , weathered and scar , facial hair , a war veteran 's thousand - yard stare . dress for mountain hike . wearing dark shade . he plant he foot next to olympia and take off he shade . olympia ( cont ’d ) .»-- and I run into Edgar . donald what be you do outside ? felix be it safe to go out ? edgar do not be stupid . Felix look to the other : what the hell ? 40 . edgar ( cont 'd ) you listen to I , and listen good . there be at least two of that thing out there . maybe more . donald be they hostile ? edgar they do not have to be . look like you all get a good thing here . keep it that way . stay the hell inside . tom how do you expect we to get resupply ? edgar with you eye close . nearest store be the Super target , five block south , two block west . have plenty of food as of Tuesday . find the curb , follow it . and keep you goddamn eye shut . who 's the owner ? greg I be . edgar you get a attic ? greg yes . it 's uh , we make it a game room for my niece -- edgar whatever . that 's where I 'il be . Edgar start up the stair . Donald call out : donald hang on , old man . you talk like you deal with that thing out there . Edgar level he glare at Donald . edgar you do not '' deal '' with ‘em , you avoid ‘em . donald what the hell be they ? 41 . edgar devil . monster . spirit . take you goddamn pick . donald which be it ? edgar do not matter . donald so you do not know anything , really . edgar that 's how they get you . they wait around for you to get curious . they do not gotta lift a finger to kill we off . we need to know will do it for ‘em . with that , Edgar disappear upstairs . the room listen to he footfalls all the way up to the attic floor , until a door slam shut . olympia um . do you have any food ? everyone return to the immediate problem . int . live room - moment later a scrabble boardgame sit on the coffee table and Tom shake a velvet bag in he hand . the content click like plastic piece rattling together . the rest of the group be gather around Tom . tom we need to get enough supplies to last to September three . that 's all we gotta do . National Guard rescue day . i’1l volunteer to go but I figure we need at least four to make it quick and safe . felix Tom , you be a nice guy , but I do not think anyone else be gonna volunteer to go out there . tom that 's what the tile be for . draw a letter ' E 's and you be exempt . ( more ) 42 . tom ( cont 'd ) but there be three ' be tile . draw one of that , and you be go shopping with I . all right ? cheryl so it 's just random ? donald that make it fair . cheryl ( mutter ) I be never good at this game . Tom hold out the bag for Cheryl to draw first . tom go on . Cheryl reluctantly reach in ... pull out a tile . read it . let out a breath . it 's a ' E '. Tom face Donald next . Donald reach in . pull out with he hand in a fist . open he palm : another ' E 's tile . donald exempt . Tom offer the bag to Lucy . tom you next . lucy Fine . Lucy reach in . pull out a tile trap between two finger . angle it so she can see : another ' E 's tile . Tom shake the bag and offer it to olympia next . olympia I have to do this too ? I be just out there . tom we be all in this together . olympia look from face to face , search for sympathy . find none , she draw a tile . 43. in she palm : a ' be tile . olympia this be not right . donald it 's the only way to be fair . Donald speak like someone already exempt . lucy since no one 's gonna be the gentleman , I 'il do it . here . Lucy take olympia 's tile and give she the exempt one . felix can you do that ? tom I do not see why not . series of shot : 1 ) greg draw a ' E 's and let out a breath . 2 ) Felix draw a ' be tile . tom ( v.0 . ) just one more now . 3 ) Edgar throw a tile on the table and stomp off . 4 ) the tile on the table : another ' E '. exempt . angle on malorie the last one to draw . malorie well . I guess we know . Tom upturn the bag and the remain ' be clatter . she look around the room , hope for a volunteer trade . the other exempt member do not dare meet she look . felix sorry , malorie . greg what I want to know be how you plan on make the trip . Tom grin , ready for this one . 44 , int . garage - day angle on a car : a cadillac . upper-middle - class luxury . but american . the product of live close to Detroit . Tom climb in . other from the group spill into the garage , try to figure it out . cheryl you be gonna drive there ? tom it 's faster . easy to stay together . and it 's safer . donald how be it safer to drive blind ? Tom start up the car . the in - dash gps navigator boot up . Tom smile . tom we be not blind . series of shot : - Tom cut up a cardboard box with a pair of scissors . - Black electrician 's tape spread over the windshield . - the top of a pillowcase catch as a window seal up . - more tape secure the pillowcase to the window . - Tom remove the rearview mirror with a wrench , to remove any tape - gap in the windshield . int . garage - day Tom 's last flourish : taping over the tiny camera above the license plate on the back . Tom stand with he arm cross , nodd at he work . Lucy , malorie , Donald and greg all stand with he . the cadillac look like a makeshift meth lab . every window be black out with cardboard , tape , and linen . Lucy check it out more closely . lucy it 's like a car for vampire . ( grin at Tom ) cool. 45 . Tom open the driver 's door , climb in , and start the engine . the cadillac thrum to life . the interior glow from the light of the electronics . int . cadillac - later still idling in the garage , driver door ajar . Tom sit at the wheel . malorie sit shotgun . in back : Lucy and Felix . Lucy carry a golf club with she , and Felix have armed himself with a hand - axe . greg hand Tom a sticky note from outside Tom 's door . greg I make a list , go by you math . get as much as you can . tom will do . greg the store address be eleven oh one longview Street . tom already in the system . now get inside , and I 'il raise the door . greg okay . I ... good luck . Tom nod and shut the car door . the interior feel more like a submarine , light by the dome light . malorie pull out a slip of paper . consider it . malorie Tom ... tom what do you have there ? she hold it out for he . malorie this be where my parent live . I be go to check on they -- tom malorie -- 46 . malorie -- and I just , I have not hear from they and I know it 's out of the way but I just need to know . I be sorry -- tom hey , hey . he take she hand with the note and close she finger over it . Tom be not take the address . he 's have she keep it . but he 's be tender with she about it . tom ( cont 'd ) I get it . I do . we all want to know about someone . but we have to get use to not know . or else we will not make it . okay ? malorie take a rag breath and nod . Tom reach up and press a button on a remote . click ! the group listen to the sound of the garage door open . Tom touch the navigation screen . female gps voice ( v.0 . ) calculate route . a map appear , with a thick red line form a l-shape along the street . Tom put the car in reverse . ext . STREET - day the rear bumper advance at we , reverse light aglow . int . greg 's house - day Cheryl begin search in drawer by the entertainment center , tidy up as she go . olympia so , be all of you , like , friend and family ? cheryl we do not know each other before last week . olympia that must be weird . 47 . Cheryl chortle and nod like , '' you have no idea . '' greg notice she peek in drawer . greg what be you look for ? cheryl this . she hold up a phone book . stonebridge be small enough it 's a combo white page / yellow page . donald what , as kindling ? cheryl you all laugh at I about delivery , but I bet I can find someone who will , mm-hmn . greg ( to olympia ) olympia , be it ? what be it like out there ? be you attack ? olympia no . greg do you know what that thing be ? olympia just that when you see one , you go crazy . so , they be bad . greg but be it just see one face - to - face ? what about through a camera ? or video footage ? how big be they ? why be they out there ? olympia I be hope you guy have some information . donald just the radio . local dj . the big station drop three day ago . greg I have a idea . 48. int . upstair bedroom - moment later the bed in this room tell a tale . one half be turn down sloppily . the other half be a shrine . pillow under the cover suggest a body . atop the bedspread , lydia 's nightgown have be drape . and on a pillow at the head rest a frame photo of lydia . greg stand at a small tv on a dresser . holding a remote . Donald , Cheryl , and olympia be gather at the door . greg Home security system . two camera , in front and back . it 's wire through this tv . the image be thermographic , so it can pick up heat signature at night . donald greg , hang on . greg the system store the last twenty - four hour of footage . this be a digitize signal , show just the temperature of object . it 's neuter information . color on a flat screen . harmless . donald we do not know that . greg take a breath . greg lydia see one . she must have . it kill she . so , if I can track they like this , just look at a few thousand pixel of light , then ... donald then what ? greg I be get some thermographic goggle , and a gun , and I be go to kill every last one of they . Donald step back a bit . watch greg . Cheryl speak up : cheryl or maybe we let the army do that . 49 . greg that 's what Tom say . he say it be not worth the risk . be we do just what Tom say now ? beat . Donald prick at this . greg look at Donald as if expect it to . donald Tom do not get to make that call . you do . here be what we should do . moment later greg be tie to a chair with extension cord . Donald tug at the one around greg 's torso . tighten . greg double knot on the back ? donald yeah . you sure this be the sturdiest chair in the house ? greg 's arm be strapped to the chair 's arm . but he have control of the remote . greg yes . loosen the wrist a bit so I can use the clicker . donald okay . remember you can just turn off the tv , at any time . greg I 'il call for you when I be do . donald we will be nearby . okay ? Donald pat greg on the shoulder and leave the room . greg stare at the tv screen . it show bluish coverage of the front and back of the house . in the upper corner , a label : '' replay mode . '' the screen flicker . int . cadillac - day the gps screen flicker , point Tom straight ahead . 50 . Tom drive . malorie watch the map closely . the arrow . the map go away , replace with a diagram of the car , alert flash at the front right bumper . malorie what 's that ? tom proximity sensor . Tom steer around it . felix probably a park car . yeah . gonna be car up and down . the cadillac 's leave tire brush against something . curb . Tom correct again . keeps drive . female gps voice ( v.0o . ) in , half a mile , turn right . the proximity sensor warn : front bumper . Tom try to steer around it , but not fast enough . the front end rise half a foot , then drop again , run over the obstacle . the back end follow . malorie give Tom a look . Tom glance she way . tom do not think about it . from the back seat : felix what be that ? a speed bump ? malorie and Tom do not say what they be think it be . outside , through the window , the group can hear the static hiss of a hydrant leak as they drive past it . Water pock the hood , roof , and right side . Tom keep go , white - knuckle . female gps voice ( v.0 . ) turn right , here . 51 . the map point the way . Tom turn slowly . the proximity sensor beep : Left front corner . Tom adjust . go again . beep . right front corner . Tom steer . back up . look for another route . beep . rear bumper . Tom put it in park . tom there 's something , I do not know , probably a truck ... malorie keep go around . Tom go for the shifter . something crash , outside . Glass break . everyone remain quiet . the car idle . then : beep . Front bumper proximity . grow more incessant . lucy someone else drive ? tom shh -- beep-beep-beep-beep . the front end of the cadillac sink . Metal warp . a heavy weight advance along the car . malorie ( sotto ) oh god , oh god -- the group look up : dent form in the roof . the middle bow . a mute , rhythmic rasping carry heavy from outside . Felix sweat , he hand grip the axe . 52 . the roof bow over the back seat . Lucy hold up she golf club at it , as if to prevent the roof from cave in . it tremble in she hand . everyone in the car be on the verge of panic . then the rear end lower . it 's walk onto the trunk . Lucy and Felix look back at the rear window , even though it 's wall off with tape and box lid . Glass crack . and then , out of the tense silence : beep -beep -beep . rear bumper proximity . suddenly : something strike hard at the back window -- the tape glass cave inward from it -- expose the outside -- tom do not look back ! Tom put the car into gear . and he drive straight ahead . alert be damned . sunlight pour in from the partly cave - in window -- the side- view mirror bashes something . Tom keep go . he pop a curb . the car lurch . female gps voice ( v.0 . ) in one hundred yard , turn leave . Tom speed up . driving faster . malorie Tom ... female gps voice ( v.0 . ) turn leave , here . malorie Tom , just slow down -- Tom yank the wheel leave , the car ascend a short ramp -- and the whole car jostle from another curb bump -- and then Tom brake hard . the tire screech on asphalt . female gps voice ( v.0 . ) you have arrive . 53. they all catch they breath . beat . tom now ... we just have to go outside . Tom bring up a blindfold . tye it . malorie cover she eye with a sleep mask . in back , Lucy don a ' do - rag for a blindfold . Felix put on he motorcycle helmet , its visor paint black . the four sit there with they hand on the door . no one want to step out first . int . super target - day some light be still on . but the place be eerily quiet . Tom , malorie , Felix , and Lucy enter the store . tom shut the door behind we . Lucy and malorie work together to slide the door shut , which be paper with ad for some sale , cover any view of the parking lot outside . felix what now ? tom shh ... Tom listen intently . quiet be the reply . tom ( cont 'd ) I be take off my blindfold . he peel it off , blink , and adjust to the dimly - light store . malorie .-- Tom ? tom form a chain together and follow . but keep you eye cover . Tom grab Felix by the hand . Felix reach for Lucy , who in turn grab hold of malorie . moving with tom as he check down every aisle , one at a time . 54 . emergency lighting cast the warehousezed store in red and amber . a handful of cart have be abandon in aisle but otherwise the store show no sign of disaster . Tom reach the end , and he muscle relax . tom ( cont 'd ) we be clear . the other take off they blinder and look around . felix it 's load . Tom smile . tom everybody grab a cart . int . super target snack food aisle Felix grab potato chip bag by the fistful . he tear one open and start snack . from somewhere else in the store , Tom call out : tom ( 0.s. ) stick to non-perishable . we need food that will last . int . super target liquor aisle Lucy twist off the cap to a beer bottle and take a swig . tom ( 0.s. ) avoid bulky item . remember we gotta pack this into the trunk . Lucy look over at she cart : full of energy drink and beer . int . super target hygiene aisle Tom marvel at the deodorant , shampoos and soap . Grins. tom I be gonna be a hero . int . super target cereal aisle Felix search through box of cereal , most of which have be shove around and mix together . 55 . felix C ’mon baby c’mon ... yes ! he lift up a box of choco - burst like it 's a gold medal . int . super target womens fashion Lucy stand at a mirror wear a wide - brimm sun hat and hold up a evening gown to see if it 's she size . all of it very dressy and upscale , unlike she workout clothes . she do a mock accent for the mirror : lucy my name be Cheryl . do not you have any pelligrino ? int . super target deli section malorie pick up a pack of seal lunchmeat . sniff it . a shopping cart roll into view behind she . Tom . tom anything still good ? malorie maybe . if we eat it tonight . tom think you might like this . he hand she a gift bag , complete with hastily - stuff tissue paper and a bow . and also still sport the price code . malorie what be this ? tom a baby shower gift . malorie smile and dig into the bag . pull out a classic baby 's pacifier . she 's happy . a small thing with a big gesture behind it . malorie it 's lovely . thank you . tom no doubt you and you husband already have one back home . malorie tilt she head . be he fishing ? 56 . malorie no husband . it be all casual until he knock I up . but he do not want he '' whole life turn upside down , '' so he bail . tom well . I bet he 's gotta be really inconvenience by how the world have go to hell now . he grin at she . malorie laugh . nod . then the distant sound of someone load they cart pull Tom back to : tom ( cont 'd ) ( check list ) can you go and grab some battery ? the flashlight take double A. I be gonna grab some clothes for people . malorie aye aye , captain . malorie push she cart onward and Tom turn he around . as Tom venture back to the mens department , malorie look back at he . she smile . int . super target automotive aisle malorie grab battery and toss they into she cart . a fly buzze past she . she sniff . something stink . she approach the end of the aisle . wary . the smell be definitely come from this end of the store . malorie bring up a flashlight . she round a corner . more fly buzz from a neighbor section . malorie shine she light on the sign : '' for pet '' she frown , and advance . int . super target pet aisle the flashlight beam reveal a line of cage place on shelf along one side . a trample sign on the floor : '' today only / adopt a pet ! '' some cage hang open . empty . 57 . the flashlight glimpsis shape in other . matted fur . blood and fece . in this low light it 's hard to tell if they be cat or dog . malorie wince , cover she nose and mouth . and then she hear it . a small chirp . she turn back . sweep the light . find a bird cage at the end , cover in black silk . malorie lift the veil and peer inside : six fat , little budgie turn they head at she . one hop over to she side of the cage . malorie you make it . you cute little guy . int . super target grocery aisle Felix wheel he cart up next to another cart . the abandon cart be fill with can goods . toilet paper . freeze-dry food . a lot like he cart . Felix reach over and touch one of the thaw package ... and he finger be wet . felix guy ? ( louder ) hey , be someone here ? a pounding on a door stop he short . felix ( cont 'd ) ( tense ) guy ! int . super target - day four load shopping cart converge at the back by the deli . Tom , malorie , and Lucy get to Felix . felix I think someone 's inside . tom Inside where ? more pounding . nearby . Felix point -- 58 . Tom shine he light past a clear - out butcher 's counter . the walk - in freezer door . its handle vibrate as something pound from inside . Tom move around the counter for the door . malorie what be you do ? Tom step to the metal door . it rattles in its hinge . weak voice ( 0.s. ) let I out ... tom hello ? the voice speak again but it 's too muffle . Tom lean in closer . put a hand on the door . tom ( cont 'd ) who 's in there ? weak voice ( 0.s. ) open the door open the door hurry please hurry just open it ... Tom put a hand on the handle . felix be you nut ? tom he 's trap inside . lucy so ? leave he there . tom I do not know how to do that . he grip the handle . Lucy and Felix join he . malorie stay by the cart . felix just a crack . so you can talk . tom all right . the pounding resume . Tom slide the lock back and turn the handle ... he open the metal door a inch ... 59 . and he lean he face to the edge but do not look inside -- tom ( cont 'd ) how would you get lock in ? bloody finger grip the door . someone wheeze . weak voice ( 0.s. ) they do it , they trick I , they tell I to do it then they leave I to rot like raw meat -- by malorie , the budgie all start chirping madly . malorie uh , Tom ? something -- tom ( to man ) calm down , trick you ? weak voice ( 0.s. ) just open the door and let it out , let it loose let it see you see it -- the budgie flap they wing in a maelstrom of panic -- something heavy press on the metal door -- and then , the briefest glimpse of long finger or talon at a upper edge of the frame -- what_is that ?-- Lucy , Felix , and Tom all lean against the door to keep it from open further but -- there shoe slide on the floor a inch -- weak voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it want out it want out -- malorie rush in , use a cart as a batter ram -- it slam on the man 's hand and he howl -- the door then shut all the way -- Tom slide the bolt lock again -- and everyone step back . the budgie calm down again . int . super target —- moment later the four form a train with they cart and hurry down a aisle back for the entrance . 60 . the front cart suddenly get catch on something and stop the forward momentum . malorie move around to push it out of the way and then gasp and step back when she see it : a dead man . recently dead . gripping a box cutter that 's stab into he own throat , wet blood around he . it 's jason . the disbeliever who leave they house on day one . Tom urge they , press on : tom keep move . int . house - day Cheryl dust with a dry cloth in the live room , listen to Sinatra on the radio . olympia watch she . Donald apply duct tape to the curtain in the live room . they be all full of nervous energy . donald give he time . he 's get twenty - four hour of footage to watch . cheryl maybe they do not get close enough to the house for the security camera . you know ? thump . thump thump . they all stop and look up at the ceiling . olympia be that ...? donald oh no. greg ... more thumping overhead now . and then a sound . from greg 's vocal cord , but not quite a scream . something else . and it rise in pitch . then it become clearer that greg be shriek a word over and over : Donald 's name . int . upstair hall - moment later the thumping be shockingly loud now . accompany by crash and break , as frame photo in the room topple off wall . 61 . Donald reach the door and put he hand on the knob , ready to rush inside , but he stop . step back . greg have stop howling by the time Cheryl and olympia catch up . olympia do not reach the top step , reluctant to get close . Cheryl start to panic : cheryl what be you wait for ? donald the tv face the door . a final , sicken crunch end the thumping . Cheryl now take a step back as Donald grab the doorknob again . donald ( cont 'd ) greg ? greg just listen to I . everything 's gonna be fine . just take some deep breath , okay ? no response . by donald' shoe , blood seep into the hall from under the door frame . Donald take a breath and squeeze he eye shut . he open the door . int . upstair bedroom arm outstretch , eye close , Donald enter the room . the first thing to note be that the overhead light be off . with the seal window , the room be dark save for the want , flicker light from the tv , casting everything in blue . donald greg ? say something . Donald take a step and nearly slip on the blood-slicked floor . but he get he balance and keep he eye shut . Donald 's foot brushes a chair leg . he step over it ... past more piece of the demolish chair . and then , in the glow of the tv : a severe finger by the remain of the chair . but no greg . Donald grope for the tv . it buzze softly with power . 62 . as he search blindly for the cord , the screen become partially visible , at a oblique angle . the security footage have be pause , a image freeze in time . the thermographic video flicker and wobble ... but a shape in shadow be nearly expose on one side . just when we be about to get a clearer view of it -- pop . Donald shut the tv off . donald ( cont 'd ) okay , it 's off ! ( open he eye ) where ... Cheryl lean in , reach to the light switch and flip it -- and then scream in shock at what she see : greg 's break , mutilate body . hanging from the canopy bed like a giant insect catch in a spiderweb , he break leg and arm twisted at inhuman angle , the rope catch on the bedpost , gouging into he bloody neck , suspending he . blood trickle onto the frame photo of he wife . and then , distant mechanical sound . the garage door . int . garage - moment later the garage door lower behind the cadillac as it pull in . the door reach the ground ... and then Tom and the other climb out of the beat - up car . malorie take the bird cage out on she side and make eye contact with Tom on the driver 's side . she notice he attention to the car . malorie what be it ? Tom feel the hood and roof . traces the indentation . tom it have foot . and it 's heavy . ( to other ) two thing we do not know before . Cheryl enter , pale and tremble . cheryl something happen to greg . Tom frown and leave . Lucy and Cheryl follow . a can of yellow corn roll to malorie 's foot . she pick it up and stare at it . ext . river - day blindfolded , malorie open a can of cold pork - and -bean . jab a plastic utensil in the can . she scoops out a spoonful . hold she hand out . malorie scoop . girl reach out she hand . find malorie 's wrist . guide the spoon to she mouth . girl tap malorie 's wrist gently . and malorie know to refill the spoon . right now , no one row . malorie feed Boy next . malorie ( cont 'd ) boy. scoop . wrapped in blanket , he reach out , guide the spoon . take a bite . tap she wrist . she pull it away . boy my hand and foot feel like , like needle . poke . all the time . malorie remember you job . listen . with both ear . ( beat ) girl. scoop . girl take a bite . chews . boy malorie ... 64 . malorie yes , Boy . boy why do God give we eye ? malorie to look . boy but , we can not really look . you teach we to wake up with they close . why give we eye at all ? beat . malorie to give we hope . Boy ponder this answer . int . greg 's house - five year earlier - night press in on the back door , set into a '' mud room '' off the kitchen , with a place for boot , heavy coat , etc . malorie ( long-haire , seven -month pregnant now ) enter from outside , carry a paint bucket fill with water . she 's also wear a blindfold . her breath plume in the night air . just as she shut the door behind she , we catch a glimpse of the setup : the back door have a tarpaulin hood cover view of the outside , attach to a small awning , so it create a little cocoon just outside the door . malorie set the pail down , take off she blindfold , and reach over to one wall ... ...- where a large whiteboard hang with a set of instruction : water well schedule 35 step from back porch follow the chain ( leave of door ) handle crank away = up , toward = down everyone participate ! below be a list of name with check mark by they name to indicate the number of water trip they have take . malorie put a check mark by she name . 65 . int . kitchen - night Water pour down a funnel from the pail into a plastic jug . malorie then get a glass for herself . int . live room - night malorie sit on the couch , drink the water . her attention drift to the coffee table , where the landline phone sit alongside the stonebridge phone book . she scoot the book toward she , flip through the page . and then pick up the receiver . hold it to she ear . remarkably , there be still a dial tone . ( this be probable but only with old landline telephony . ) malorie flip to the yellow page section and find a list for the hospital . she start dial . behind she , over she shoulder , the open kitchen area . and , farther still , the back door in the mud room . that area be unlit now , but the white of the back door stand out . and the door start to open . malorie do not hear . she 's busy try number . pressing in on malorie as she dial and listen for a work number on the other end , edging out the view of the door and the kitchen as something get closer ... then that sound . that otherworldly , inhuman noise . malorie 's whole body go rigid with sudden fear . she snap she eye close and lean down into the couch to try and hide . her shallow breath be overtaken by the sound of rasp . Close on she face , eye firmly shut , and then -- two rag finger with wet , black talon on the end reach in and press against she cheek and eyebrow . malorie whimper in shock , try to turn away from the contact , but then -- 66 . the finger spread , pull she eyelid open , force she to look directly at the thing -- her pupil contract in terror -- and for a singular frame we see : a wide - mouth , pale , wet face with bulg eye like a deep - sea monster , then -- int . malorie 's bedroom - night malorie wake up from the nightmare , breathless . her hair be damp with sweat . it take she a moment to calm down . olympia snore softly in the neighbor bed . malorie reach for a glass on she nightstand . it 's empty . int . foyer malorie descend the stair with she empty glass , head for the kitchen . she pass the front door ... a moment later , there 's a voice from outside . stranger ( 0.s. ) anyone ? hello ? malorie freeze . tense . wait it out . a pause . silence . malorie turn , shaking she head , then : stranger ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) help , be there anyone ? malorie go to the door and call out : malorie someone there ? stranger ( 0.s. ) oh god , oh thank god . the sound of boot on the wood plank of the front entry . fumble sound of the blanket insulate the front door . malorie who be it ? 67 . his voice rise at the end of he sentence , so sometimes they sound like question . stranger ( 0.s. ) my name be Gary ? I be , I get lose scavenge for food and , hello ? be this the front door ? malorie it 's the middle of the night . gary ( 0.s. ) be it ? shit , it 's be hour ... malorie look upstairs for help . no one else be awake . she hesitates . then remember the budgie . they slumber in they cage , a few pace away . unfaze . malorie double - check by pick up the box and hold it close to the door . she whisper to they : malorie ( to budgie ) be it safe out there ? gary ( 0.s. ) please . it 's cold . can I come in ? malorie there 's a protocol . I can not let you inside right now . you have to wait . gary ( 0.s. ) I fall and I be bleed . I can not see how bad it be ? I do not want to bleed to death , please ... malorie set the box of budgie down and debate with herself . they do not consider someone with a injury when they make the rule . she close she eye , then open the door . gary ( late 30 ) step in . tall , wear a flannel jacket . could be a truck driver . also blindfolded . gary ( cont ’d ) I be in . he help she shut the door . then he take off he blindfold . his arm be badly cut , matting he flannel jacket . he notice it and set down he backpack , to ease out of he coat . 68 . gary ( cont ’d ) okay , so yeah , I be gonna take this off . and then maybe you have some gauze or a towel or something ? malorie hurry to the powder room and return with a thin hand - towel . malorie I be malorie . Gary take the towel and wrap he wound . the cut be long but not deep ; superficial . gary pleasure . thanks . ( notice ) wow , you be about ready to pop . malorie where have you be stay ? gary over on lincoln ? like maybe quarter mile that way ? no , this way . malorie alone this whole time ? gary no . what about you ? be you alone ? he look back at she . the question be unsettle . int . live room - night everyone 's awake now , sit around the room : malorie and olympia , Lucy , Tom , Don , Cheryl , and Gary . Gary hold court . gary my brother have always be that guy . you know the one ? with the disaster '' go bag '' and the ammo reloader for he ar - 15 ? he be always sort of a asshole , but I know I have be safer with he than anywhere else . by the time I get there he have six other guy all stay with he , hunt buddy . Eddie -- my brother -- he have blanket on the window , but they be ready to arm up , go out and bag they a monster . 69 . tom how have that work out for they . Gary shake he head . gary two of they go out , never come back . but we let this guy in ? he look lose , say he wife and kid just ... he be alone . that ... change thing . malorie who be he ? gary just some guy . Carl ? that be he name , I think . kept to himself , do not talk much , would not join the group for meal . I think he be scared of my brother 's friend . Gary take a breath , know where he story be go . gary ( cont ’d ) the one time he do join we , he say something . he believe this whole thing be a hoax . there be no creature , or whatever , out there . and we be all be trick . of course that do not go over well with anyone else , and he shut up after that . int . eddie' house - flashback - night Gary and six rough - and - tumble men sit around a dining room table , pass a bottle around . it 's a frat party for middle - age man . Gary try to keep up . gary ( v.o. ) the guy raid a liquor store and we all celebrate that night . int . eddie 's upstair hall - flashback — morning Gary approach the stair down to the first floor . his clothes be dishevel . gary ( v.o . ) but I can not drink like they do . I pass out upstairs at some point . ( more ) 70 . gary ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and when I go back down to beg my brother for some aspirin ... int . live room - night back to scene . gary Carl have pull down all the blanket and leave the door open . olympia gasp . tom you know it be Carl , and not any of you brother 's friend ? gary my brother and he friend be all dead , in that house . but Carl ... he leave . and he leave the door open behind he . felix how be that even possible ? I mean , everyone who 's see one of that thing ... donald what if he be already insane ? we do not know what it do to you if you mind 's already break . maybe it do not affect you . maybe it can affect everyone differently . lucy like that guy in the freezer at the store . shit ... bad enough we gotta worry about monster or whatever the fuck they be . now this ? the group erupt into conversation . Donald pull Tom out of the group for a sideline talk . tom what ? donald be not you worried ? tom about what ? 71 . donald Old man Edgar . he keep to himself , always get paper , he finger have charcoal stain ... do not you hear Gary 's story ? tom no. donald Tom , yes . tom he 's be here for week without incident . he 's harmless . donald or he 's a time bomb . Donald walk away . Tom stay , struggle with the issue . int . spare bathroom - moment later malorie brushes she hair after a shower , prepping for bed . olympia enter with a glass of water . olympia I be go right back to bed . olympia open the medicine cabinet and grab three pill bottle . vitamin supplement . pre-natal prescription . malorie notice . inspect a bottle , surprised . malorie where have you get the pre-natal supplement ? olympia I have they on I . malorie suddenly feel like the worst mother ever . she stop comb out she hair and stare at she reflection a beat . olympia jar she out of she silent shame -- olympia ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . malorie for what . 72 . olympia for come over here . I hear what Don say about we . one pregnant woman be a problem , two be too much . I be a burden . malorie no you be not . olympia yes I be . I be so use to my husband handle thing . he love I so much ... I get soft from all that love . forget how to do thing . now he 's out there , and maybe he 's fly jet but , I mean ... olympia try really hard not to cry . it 's clear now , she feel like the unprepare one , and see malorie as better . malorie move to comfort she . take olympia 's hand in hers . malorie hey . it 's go to be all right . olympia smile with a sadness at malorie . olympia if something happen to I , I want you to care for it . okay ? malorie it 's you baby . olympia I do not think that mean much anymore . malorie ( emphatic ) it 's go to be okay . we be go to make it . all of we . ext . river - day five year later . just malorie and the child . girl and Boy perch at either end of the boat . malorie row . all of they be still blindfolded . malorie Children ... I need to tell you about the waterfall . ( more ) 73 . malorie ( cont 'd ) ( breath ) this be the hardest thing we have ever do together . one of you ... one of you need to be brave -- boy shh . malorie frown . crane she neck . boy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you hear that ? now they all strain to hear . and there it be : a outboard motor . get closer . malorie row back for the bank . malorie keep you head down . she find the shallow . just as the engine noise get even louder . like it 's move for they . malorie grip the oar tightly . girl and Boy listen . girl what be it ? malorie do not take off you blindfold . the boat 's engine cut abruptly . the air smell of gasoline . footstep cross what sound like a deck . man ( 0.s. ) hello there ! ( beat ) hey you three , it 's okay . you can remove you blindfold , I be just a ordinary man . malorie ( sotto , to child ) no you cannot . man ( 0.s. ) there 's nothing out here with we , miss . we be all alone . 74 . malorie be still . tense . malorie ...- how do you know ? man ( 0.s. ) miss , I be look right now . I have have my eye open the entire trip today . yesterday , too . malorie you can not just look . you know that . the stranger chuckle . man ( 0.s. ) really , there 's nothing to be afraid of . not anymore . just we two on the river , crossing path . girl put she hand to she blindfold . toy with it . malorie you can leave now . she hear the man sigh . man ( 0.s. ) there 's no need to live like this . consider this child . they be miss a chance to view a brisk , beautiful day . malorie be tremble . full on fight - or-flight mode . malorie stay away from we boat . the man do not answer . then : splashes in the water . nearby . malorie raise the paddle . her only defense . man ( 0.s. ) miss , the view be incredible . when 's the last time you look outside ? year ? have you see this river ? the sun ? 75 . malorie we be keep they on . man ( 0.s. ) I give that up yesterday . I move on . you can do it , too . his voice be closer . wading . malorie leave we alone . girl keep a hand on she blindfold . head crooked in the direction of he voice . man ( 0.s. ) they can not haunt you forever . they can not force you to live like this . ( closer now ) you worry only keep you safe long enough to worry some more . the man 's hand reach the front of the boat . his body near girl . man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and I ’1l1 tell you what ... his mouth speak near the girl 's ear . man ( cont 'd ) I have see one . malorie grab girl and pull she close . she make a soft yelp in alarm . they hear the man laugh . man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they be not as ugly as you have think , miss . just , well , no way to describe they . you gotta see one . the man 's arm reach in , move to caress malorie 's cheek ... she sense it a moment before -- and swipe with a survival knife in she fist -- suddenly it 's a close - quarter fight -- the man try to pull she overboard -- malorie struggle , stabbing with the knife -- 76 . malorie stay away from we -- man ( 0.s. ) I ’1l1 make you all look -- he grab onto the knife , tear it from she grip . and malorie shove off the bank . hard . the boat get loose from the man . he be too busy grapple for the knife . malorie sacrifice it to escape he . and now they be in the current again . malorie keep you eye close ! man ( 0.s. ) where be you go to go ? she 's row now . faster. man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you go to cry every time you hear a stick crack ? ( shouting ) who 's the crazy one ? kid , you mother be not well , take off that blindfold ! see the world ! malorie paddle . they be move dangerously fast now . malorie what be the rule . tell I . boy I do not look . girl I do not either . she bring they into a tight hug . malorie you do so well . they hug back . beat. 77 . girl malorie ? be that the man who sing all the music ? malorie let out she tension with a laugh . malorie no , honey . no it be not . the faint croon of frank sinatra fade in -- int . greg 's house - day the live room radio play the music . returning to five year ago . the room be crowded with listener , include malorie , Donald , Cheryl , and Gary . the furniture in the room have be move since last time . a thin line of sunlight slice into the room from the curtain hang on the picture window . this be the only sign of sun in the room , possibly the whole house . at the bar counter lead to the kitchen , Lucy stand and stare at the calendar . September 3 have a ' x’ through it , along with the next two day after it . in the live room , Sinatra end and the deejay return . deejay ( v.o. ) well . that be the whole album . probably my favorite of he . ( beat ) I do not know if anyone 's listen anymore . no one 's talk , that 's for sure . cell tower be dead . no chatter on the shortwave . September third come and go without a sign of the Guard . there 's a pause . like the deejay be out of thing to say . nervous at the silence , Cheryl stage whisper : cheryl I wish we could call he . donald it 's a digital switchboard . he do not have a landline like we . cheryl how come the landline work ? 78 . donald it 's a '' land line . '' physical wire , not cell tower and satellite . and you do not need juice to use they . deejay ( v.o. ) whatever be out there , maybe it get everyone . maybe all that 's leave be I , Sinatra , and that thing . there 's a mechanical sound over the radio , and it prickle malorie 's nerve . a slide lock . she go to the landline phone on the end table . the phone book be open to a page with the radio 's call - in number . malorie start dial while the other listen . donald malorie , do not you hear what I just say ? malorie I have to try . one more time . deejay ( v.o. ) there be a lot I do not know ... malorie pace with the phone , frantic . malorie ( sotto ) come on , come on ... donald malorie what be you do -- shut up ! deejay ( v.o. ) but I do know one thing . that monster be not go to get the satisfaction of do I in . ( beat ) sing it , Blue eye . malorie no , no -- Gary , turn it off , turn it off right now ! Sinatra 's dulcet tone kick in . '' softly as I leave you . '' gary what ? it 's fine . and then , muffle -- a gunshot . 79 . everyone jump as if electrocute by the sound . malorie slam the phone down in anger . this be what she be desperately try to stop , futile as it be from here . cheryl oh my god . malorie I tell you to turn it off ! Tom enter , hearing the flaring temper . tom what happen ? Felix find a dry humor way to it , try to cope : felix someone just ruin a perfectly good Sinatra song for I be what . ( off Tom 's look ) we lose we news guy . overhead , the light flicker everyone look up . donald power grid have be down for day . we need to keep the generator run , and we be out of diesel . be not that right , Tom . felix how long can we last with what we have get ? tom a day . maybe less . the room erupt into arguing , voice overlap -- felix tom -- not even with meal -- can not point finger now -- assignment -- donald malorie -- tell you we be too many -- -- just turn everyone away ? it escalate quickly when Donald and Cheryl square off -- cheryl and I have be try to keep the place tidy all week -- 80 . donald but that 's all you do , you just move furniture around and run the vacuum , you be not make a real difference here ! before Cheryl hiss a response , a sound shut they up . the sound of chirping . the budgie . in they cage . set by the front door . everyone get very quiet . watch the bird freak out . then : a shadow block the strip of sunlight from the picture window . something loom close by . olympia put she hand over she face . Felix comfort she . but everyone keep wait . the shadow leave . the sliver of sun return . and the budgie quit chirping . olympia spasm on the couch , snake she hand around she belly . grimace in pain . olympia oh . oh no . felix what ? olympia that . that be a contraction . donald you be not due for two more week . olympia start to panic at this statement . malorie give Donald a look : shut the fuck up , Donald . then she go to olympia and grab she hand . malorie hey , it 's fine , it 's probably just braxton hick . you get that early , like little tremor . this start to calm olympia down again . she exhales slowly . Tom address the group . tom we need to make another run , right now . for fuel and any medical supplies to help with childbirth . i’1l volunteer . I need three more . 81 . Tom grab the scrabble pouch and hold it out . everyone look at the bag with dread . lucy Tom should not be the only one to volunteer . I will go again . not want to be outdone by Lucy , Felix step up . felix Fine . if she 's go so be I . and then Cheryl step next to Felix . cheryl I 'il go . Said right at Donald with a glare . Donald give she a look back : good for you . tom all right , so we four . series of shot 1 ) Lucy grab a baseball bat from a upstairs exercise room she 's claim as she bedroom . a sleep bag drape over a stationary bike and a knapsack hang as a punch bag . tom ( v.o. ) I have a new plan . 2 ) Tom hold open a shoebox with hole cut in the side . he gingerly take a budgie from the cage and transfer it . tom ( v.o. ) we find a manhole cover and take to the tunnel . if they be clear , it give we direct route into town . 3 ) Felix try on he motorcycle helmet . wave he hand in front of he visor . tom ( v.o. ) then we find we access point to gas station . grocery store . Hospitals . we stock up . 4 ) Cheryl stand in the bathroom , stave off a panic attack . tom ( v.o. ) and we return home the same way . 82 . int . upstair hall - moment later Cheryl step out of the hall bathroom , still full of dread . Lucy catch up to she at that moment . nearly pass she by . lucy hey . you okay ? cheryl oh , yes . ( then ) I do not know how you do this . you be so ... brave . and clever . Cheryl 's whole concept of who Lucy be have be demolish . it 's enough in this moment for Lucy to revise she view , too . she reach out and put a comforting hand on Cheryl . lucy I be scared , too . just like you . but we get this . because we be clever . Cheryl nod , muster courage again . cheryl yeah . okay . int . greg 's house - downstair bathroom - day malorie wash she face with water she pour from a jug . she hear voice nearby . lean out the door , she spy -- donald and tom face off in the dimly - light dining room , near a china cabinet of plateware no one will ever use . donald no one 's think about it . tom what be you on about this time ? Donald speak quickly with clench tooth : donald soon we will have two infant . that 's a add strain to we food supply , we medical supply , and fresh water supply , not to mention the noise of two cry baby could bring that thing right to we door . what be you gonna do when that 's a problem ? 83 . Tom be do with Donald 's shit . tom what 's you solution ? go on . donald do not matter , I be not the leader . you be . they be you problem . one day you will have to tell everyone the only way to guarantee survival be to stab out you own eye , and then we will see how popular you be . tom be that what this be about ? be leader ? Fine , take it . it 's yours . go tell everybody you plan . Donald balk at this . start to retort but do not have a ready comeback . Tom slap he on the shoulder . tom ( cont 'd ) all right , then how about you try to think in term of group survival versus just you own . okay ? Tom leave Donald to stew he own fear of leadership . donald maybe I will . malorie , who 's see this all , slink out of the bathroom . int . mud room - day at the back door , Tom be first to arrive at the mud room for the supply run . malorie approach and hug Tom . he hug back . but she do not let go . into he ear : malorie I read that when you hug for twenty second , it release oxytocin into you system . help calm the nerve . tom I will take it . malorie what do you do ? before all this . 84. tom you really wanna know ? ( then , grin ) optometrist . there go my career . malorie laugh . nearly snort . a genuine surprised laugh . it 's infectious , and get Tom giggle . malorie oh my god ! ohh . I can not remember the last time I laugh . thank you . she put she hand on he chest . he keep it there . a unspoken invitation to tenderness . malorie 's eye sparkle . tom and you ? what do you do ? malorie whatever pay the bill until I figure out what I want to be . tom a mom ? malorie not really . I be terrible at it . the budgie in the box near Tom tweet softly . lyrically . tom I do not think you give yourself enough credit . you be a survivor , and survivor make good parent . ( grin ) would not I make a good father ? malorie look up at Tom . wonder if he 's ask what she think he be . she start to reply , when Tom look past she : tom ( cont 'd ) Gary ? malorie look back to find Gary stand nearby . Felix , Lucy , and Cheryl all arrive behind he . gary I be think ? you guy have be do this for a while , and really I be the new one around here , so I should go . tom we could use one more . 85 . gary no , I mean , I should go in someone 's place . most of you have already do this at least once . tom well . you do not have to -- felix ( eager ) I ’1ll stay . all eye on Felix now . but he 's not ashamed of it . felix ( cont 'd ) what ? that thing out there scare the shit outta I . lucy I think you be go with I . felix only because you be hot , but then I realize I be gonna be blindfolded the whole time , so , whatever . tom all right , let 's go . Gary , get something for you eye . ( at malorie ) we will be back in a couple hour . malorie nod . the other gather at the back door . Lucy look back at Felix , eyebrow arched . lucy you think I be hot ? felix well , I mean -- ( own it ) yes . yes I do . Lucy point to he before she exit with the other . lucy be ready when I come back . Felix realize she meaning and look to malorie with a grin of surprise : '' I be gonna get laid today ! '' 86 . ext . greg 's back yard - day from the tarp - cover back door , a four-person chain emerge on march alongside the house . Tom lead , follow by Lucy , then Cheryl , and Gary bring up the tail . they walk with one hand on the shoulder of the person in front of they . all wear some form of blindfold . int . mud room - moment later malorie stay by the door , listen to Tom 's voice lead the group away . donald ( 0.s. ) Tom better come back . she look over at Donald , who 's be watch she . malorie why do you care now ? donald he 's the glue of the group . and most of you would not know how to survive on you own . Donald exit down into the basement , leave malorie cold . int . live room - moment later malorie sit down next to olympia and return to hold she hand . olympia smile through she cramp . olympia can we -- ( breathes ) can we do something distracting ? malorie like what ? olympia anything . malorie look around and she eye land on the phone book , next to the phone . she give the book to olympia and put the phone in she lap . 87 . malorie here . turn to the bookmark page and read I the next number . olympia open the book to find page after page of residential name either circle or cross through . stop at ' m . 's olympia what be this ? malorie I have be call people , leave message when I get a machine . maybe there 's a doctor out there , or someone who know more about what 's go on . anyway , it be nice to talk to someone new . yeah ? olympia do not argue . she find the next name . olympia Bill martinson . 980-1023. malorie dial the number . listen to it ring . malorie ( into phone ) hello , yes , my name be malorie . there be a group of we here in riverbridge , on shillingham drive . if you get this message , call we back at this number . please . olympia Julie marx . 761-8811 . malorie dial another number . listen . wait . shake she head at olympia . olympia mark through the name , but wince at the end of it , drop she marker . her eye go wide -- olympia ( cont ’d ) malorie . it 's happen now . malorie you sure ? ( off she look ) felix ! edgar ( 0.s. ) it 's comin’ out . malorie whip around to see edgar at the entry . 88 . he stare at the two woman , clutching a thermos in one hand . the other shake as if from parkinson 's . and he fingertip be fully blacken from use charcoal stick . edgar ( cont 'd ) only one room with enough space for you to do it . the attic . malorie the attic ? that 's you room . Edgar keep talk like it 's a do deal . Donald arrive in time to hear Edgar 's speech : edgar we use a midwife for we two kid . you be gonna need lot of water . sponge . towel . surgical tool would help but I doubt you get that , so you can cut the cord with a pair of scissors an’ a coupla binder clamp . malorie nod , feel more uneasy by the moment . malorie okay . thanks . edgar and a belt . olympia a belt ? edgar give you something to bite down on . so you do not scream . ( lean in ) there 's gonna be a lot of blood . Felix enter from the kitchen with a bowl of dry choco -burst . felix that right there ? be why everyone call you '' creepy guy . '' malorie put the phone down and stand , now a live - wire of nervous energy . malorie we can not wait for they to get back . 89 . int . downstair bathroom - moment later Felix barge in , a man on a mission . try not to freak out . he grab the bath towel hang over the shower pole then put it back , frustrated -- felix wet . he dig through cabinet and find a dry wash cloth . felix ( cont 'd ) too small . upstair , olympia moan in pain . Felix look up , nervous . he decide to grab the floor towel . int . upstair hall malorie and Donald heft olympia up the stair to the attic . she may be petite , but with the baby olympia be not a easy carry . Donald try be positive for once : donald do great , just one more flight . int . attic room Donald and malorie bring olympia to the hardwood floor here , strain in one last heave to set she down gently . fluid splashes around malorie 's foot . her water break . her eye go wide . Donald notice . realize . donald oh shit . you too ? malorie but I be not due for three week ! Far downstairs , a door slam shut . int . live room - moment later Felix run in carry the floor towel and a pillow . Gary stumble in from the back of the house , wheeze . bleed from he chin . 90 . felix just in time ! ( beat ) where 's everyone else ? Gary do not answer right away . tries to catch he breath . felix ( cont 'd ) Gary ... Donald hurry downstairs , grind to a halt by Felix when he notice Gary on the floor . Gary look up and shake he head . gary there be ... be one in the ... tunnel . we get separate , and ... god , I just run . Gary do not want to make eye contact . donald this just keep get better . ( to Gary ) stay downstairs . you hear I ? Gary nod . overhead : olympia 's cry of pain . ext . greg 's house - day angle on the third floor and the gray sky beyond . olympia 's wail be join by a second one : malorie . int . kitchen - day Felix frantically fill a container with water at the sink -- Donald enter and start pull towel from a hang rack -- felix both of they ? donald this be what you have call a stress - induce birth . felix do they know about Tom ? gl . donald no . and they be not go to . not until we get through this . Donald move for the stair with the towel -- int . attic room olympia and malorie lie on they back on the floor , atop mattress cover with beach towel . both be sweaty , try to control they breathe . a sheet cover olympia 's lap , and a throw cover malorie 's . it 's raining , outside . lightly . the rain tap - dance on the skylight above . there be not enough light to get a good sense of the wall in the room . a lantern sit on a roll table near the woman . curle up by the lantern : two leather belt , still with they target price tag stick to the buckle . malorie moan . and look to olympia . olympia look back . scare . olympia it 's happen . it 's really happen . malorie Tom ? Tom ! Donald arrive and set the towel by a set of tool : a pair of scissors . a knife . Metal binder clip . donald Tom 's not here yet , but you be do great . both of you . okay ? olympia what do I do , tell I what to do -- donald keep breathe . and push . with every breath . olympia be you sure ? he consider something . tries to find the appropriate word : 92 . donald do you , uh , want I to check , under the sheet , and see -- olympia ( interrupt ) no no ! ( breath ) okay yes , okay ! Donald look . olympia squeeze she eye shut . donald I can see the head , keep push ! Felix enter , drop off the container of water . but it 's tall and narrow , no good for soaking towel or wash newborn . felix here . donald that be not the right -- never mind , stay with they , I 'il go get it . Donald rush down the stair , leave Felix awkward and nervous with the two woman . malorie look away , at the other wall ... and see Edgar stand just beyond the overhead light . int . kitchen - moment later Donald return from upstairs and make a bee-line for the large , shallow tupperware container . the chaos and muffle sound of footstep in the attic can still be hear down here . donald this be crazy . you do not bring kid into this world . the sudden sound of heavy knocking on the back door startles Donald . he go to the mud room and look in ... ... to see through the cover glass portion of the door : the silhouette of a man . the door handle wiggle . try to open . 93 . donald ( cont 'd ) who 's there ! tom ( 0.s. ) Tom ! it 's Tom ! let I in ! something with the sound of he voice ... it 's not like we have hear Tom before . ragged . raspy . Donald start for the door , but stop . just like he do in front of greg 's bedroom door . donald how do I know you be not crazy ? tom ( 0.s. ) because you be a asshole ! beat . Donald nod -- yeah , that 's Tom . he reach up to a shelf over the water - well whiteboard -- and grab a shotgun . moment later low angle as Tom collapse on the floor of the mud room . cut and bruise mar he face . his coat be pepper with piece of foliage as if he 's run through the wood . his blindfold barely cover he eye . and he 's out of breath . the shotgun barrel descend into frame by he head . donald ( 0.s. ) Gary say you be dead . Tom pull off he blindfold . his eye be wild with panic . tom you let Gary back inside ? the shotgun barrel lift away ... and now Donald be tense with a new fear . int . live room - that moment Gary stand at a corner . his back to the room . just stand there . tom ( 0.s. ) ( from back of house ) gary ! you son of a bitch ! 94 . Gary 's hand reach out and caress a curtain . the budgie in the cage begin chirping wildly . quick pop : 1 ) Gary smile as he yank down the curtain in he brother 's house . there be no Carl . he then open the door and something large begin to push through the quilt protect the threshold . 2 ) Gary step on the front porch of greg 's house at night , notice the want light leak out of corner of cover window . he then take a knife and cut he own arm , feign emergency to get malorie to let he in . 3 ) Gary peel off he blindfold in the tunnel with Cheryl , Lucy , and Tom . he smile as they all stop in they track , the bird inside the box chirp and flutter in panic . int . attic room the woman push . they strain . they sweat . the blood vessel in malorie 's eye burst , make she look extremely bloodshot . Felix keep read from the parenthood book 's chapter on the childbirth part and check on the woman . felix Little more ... a mute bleat . non-localize . malorie stop push . look around . malorie be that my baby ? gasp for breath , the woman both stop and listen . no , not bleat . scream . olympia what be that ? Felix stare at the attic door , behind malorie . unsure of what 's happen downstairs he placate they with : felix okay lady , keep go , come on -- 95 . olympia be it out ? be it over ? something crash heavily downstairs . and then the sharp , shrill screech of someone 's voice . another crash shake the dust off the attic rafter . malorie Felix , please ... Felix move for the stair -- felix hang on . malorie do not go please wait -- but he pass she , bump the roll cart with the lantern . the table drift to the back wall as malorie hear Tom 's footstep down the stair ... the lantern illuminate the wall , expose dozen of charcoal sketch of monster . all shape and size . creature with hideous body and human face . thing with no discernible head or tail . beast inspire by snake , and spider , and squid , and grizzly bear . thin , gangly being with hollow head . a coterie of tooth , venom , and unblink stare . the entire wall be paper with the artwork . malorie shudder in shock at it . edgar you all get storey . mine be the worst of all . ( lean close ) because I be immune . malorie gaze , wide - eye , at the wall , and then at Edgar . malorie you have ... see one ? Edgar nod . nearby olympia make a noise as she push again , somewhere between a cry and a groan . malorie ( cont 'd ) ( call ) felix ! ( back at Edgar ) you draw it ? one of that thing ? 96 . Edgar admire he work . then face malorie . edgar if only it look like one of they . from downstairs , more shout , and then a thunderous gunshot . tom ( 0.s. ) Gary have pull down the curtain ! malorie recognize Tom 's voice and want to get up right now and go to he . but she can not move from she bed . malorie Tom ! be that you ?! Tom -- more loud noise downstairs . and then footstep . the door open , and Tom step through . he look unhinge , hold the shotgun Donald have moment ago . tom the baby be come now ? malorie hold out she hand , and Tom go to she side , grip it . malorie I be early , we be both early , it just start and then my water break and I do not want it now -- tom hey hey hey , shh , look at I . you be fine . you be go to make it . okay ? and right now I have to go back down and stop Gary before one of that thing come in . malorie tighten she grip on he hand . malorie do not go . do not go . Tom lean down and kiss malorie on the forehead . tom I will not let they hurt you . and then he leave , shutting the door behind he . malorie , in tear , shake she head and call Tom 's name , but she voice be drown out by olympia cry out , and then -- 97 . a newborn infant 's cry . she 's have she baby . edgar ( to malorie ) you turn . malorie push . her own baby gasp for air under the throw . nearby , olympia pull at the sheet over she lap , search for she baby . the old man reach under the throw and lift out malorie 's child , still attach to the umbilical cord . terrify of Edgar , malorie take the baby protectively -- malorie give he to I -- Edgar smile with bloody hand . edgar it 's a boy . olympia mine be a girl ! I have a girl . she 's laugh as she cry , in hysterics . edgar starin 's down one of this thing do not break I . watch my wife turn on we two kid nearly do . she gore ‘em both with a kitchen blade , then cut she own throat . ( beat ) she sing to we as she do it . malorie shut up shut up -- and then another heart - stop gunshot , this time from the second floor . and in that vacuum of silence ... sound from the stair . creaking of step . and the sound of the door open . Edgar look up , toward the door . and frown . edgar do not you come up here . olympia Tom ? 98 . edgar do not look -- olympia look . still on she back on the mattress , she tilt she head back to look toward the stair upside - down . her eye widen , and she mouth open in a gape smile . but with she head lean back , it 's a macabre frown . malorie olympia no no -- olympia do not blink , do not look away from the thing at the top of the stair . olympia you be not so bad ... you be not so bad at all ! ( then ) you wanna see my baby ? malorie close she eye and put she hand over she boy 's face . she call out to olympia -- malorie cover the baby 's eye -- olympia , please -- cover she eye -- edgar go on , get out of here . git. malorie please , please -- olympia , just let I hold she for a moment ... olympia snarl . chews on something just out of view , she body hunch over she child . malorie reach out with one arm , keep the other on she own baby , close to she chest . but she do not open she eye . edgar ( 0.s. ) you be doin’ good , malorie . better than my wife do . floorboard creak again . and then that raspy breath . inch away . Close enough to agitate malorie 's hair . something wet tear . splashes . olympia 's bloody hand grab a binder clamp . 99 . the baby girl 's face be cover by the bloody bedsheet . malorie olympia ... talk to I ... but she do not . instead , olympia move to the window . malorie refuse to look . Edgar get to he foot , he leg quavering under the effort . stare down the thing just outside view . edgar nobody else be lookin 's at you today , now git . trail a chew - through umbilical cord gush vital fluid from she inside , olympia yank a blanket off the window . Gray morning light hit malorie in the face . she shelter she eye with she arm . the window creak open . edgar ( cont 'd ) what be you do , woman -- olympia climb up and sit on the ledge , face inside . she lean back like a diver go into the water -- and then fall out the window -- Edgar move to stop she , but get there a moment too late -- in anguish , malorie scream -- malorie get out of here ! the thing just a few foot from she take a step back . the stair creak . edgar that 's it , go on outta here . it retreat . malorie still keep she eye close . messy with afterbirth . her breathe shallow . Edgar lean close . edgar ( cont 'd ) you do it . malorie shudder , cling to she child . Edgar stand upright and sneer : 100 . edgar ( cont 'd ) it be that new fella . Gary . malorie do not answer . she 's beyond word . Edgar limp for the door . edgar ( cont 'd ) gonna have to put he down . at the top of the stair , the old man look back at the room a final time . and on malorie , alone with the two infant . with that , he leave . malorie shake from the trauma . she hear the baby girl let out a weak cry from under the sheet . with effort , malorie finally open she eye and zeroe in on the place where the girl have be hide . she crawl to the other baby and cradle she with she own . malorie sit there . holding the two infant . all be quiet . no bird chirp . no scream or shouting . no crash of furniture . the rain have stop . just malorie and the two newborn . and then ... a phone ring . malorie 's posture stiffen . she wait . it ring again . she see the scissors on the floor . the clamp . and the towel . int . upstair hall - moment later malorie descend , still cradling both baby . she wear a stretch of towel as a blindfold . the boy and girl be cover as well . and she 's snipped and clamp she umbilical cord . from the ground floor , the phone continue to ring . 101 . carefully , cautiously , she cross the hall . her foot step on a body . in a pool of blood . malorie tremble . and step over the body . int . foyer - moment later malorie descend the last few step and nearly slip on more blood in the entry . the front door hang wide open . she pass by another body on the floor . the phone ring . for the tenth time . int . live room - moment later malorie sit down on the couch . Felix 's body be seat on the other end of the couch . but he head be miss . the phone ring loudly on the coffee table . malorie 's hand reach out ... find it . just as it stop ringing . malorie bring it to she ear , hopeful -- malorie hello ? hello ? a faint dial tone bleed out , audible from here . malorie ( cont 'd ) no ... no no no -- she hang up and press asterisk - 6 - 9 . hold the phone to she ear again , in time to hear the high octave three tone precede : automate voice ( filter ) we be sorry but that number could not be reach . please hang up -- with a tremble hand , she set the phone down . and she begin to cry . with head in hand , she sob . all the while , blood seep toward she from Felix 's body . 102 . ext . back lawn - day the sun hang low over the lawn , where a fire burn . a bonfire make of a pile of body . malorie stand a dozen pace away , hearing it burn . she wear a scarf over she eye . and carry a pole on she shoulder . Water jug dangle from the pole . in this pose , in this light , she look like Lady justice . among the burn body : the adoption flyer she take from the hospital so long ago . '' you have a choice ! '' it catch fire . series of shot the month tick by : 1 ) malorie open the phone book , red pen in hand . 2 ) malorie hold infant girl in a rock chair to the sound of Frank Sinatra on the radio . the house be a mess . 3 ) a fire burn in the fireplace . the baby be close for warmth . malorie 's breath be visible . 4 ) the phone book . the final name in the Z alphabet . last one in the book get a red line through it . 5 ) malorie hang up the phone in defeat . utterly alone . int . nursery - night a year later . the two crib-fort sit in the room . cover by a blanket . malorie arrive . tremble . holding a hypodermic needle in she hand . outside , something bump against the house . a tree , maybe . the wind . malorie approach the crib . draw back the blanket . Inside : Boy and girl . each maybe a year old . asleep . fitful sleep . malorie cry silently . reaches in with the needle . 103 . the pointy tip be char black from heat . point straight down . shake in she grip . it hover over Boy 's leave eyelid . a inch . less . malorie 's finger reach and open Boy 's eye . a breath from receive the needle . something creak nearby . something stir . malorie look up and recoil in surprise . girl sit up in she crib . look at malorie . head tilt . just watch . innocent . confused . malorie put a hand to she mouth . drop the needle . slump against the wall . a mess . for a long time , she sit there . int . bathroom - day eye and nose red from tear , malorie step in . stare at she reflection in the mirror . she reach out , pick up a pair of scissors . bring they to she face ... and then start to cut she own hair . panning to the mirror ... it 's now the end of the haircut . short-cropped . a warrior 's cut . malorie harden she face . she 's make a decision : survival . but on she term . int . live room - day two year later . Boy and girl be both nearly the age of the opener . play with simple toy . sound of hammering nearby . malorie reinforce a wood plank over a window . muscular arm . still short hair . when she 's do , she step back . 104 . malorie all right . go out for dinner . you remember the rule ? the child nod . malorie nod back , like a sergeant . she cross past a wall now cover with a giant riverbridge city map , likely take from a municipal building . the map be riddled with push-pin . she 's cover a lot of ground . before malorie leave for the back door -- girl malorie ? malorie yes , girl . girl do you think you 's 1ll get to letter ' k 's again today ? the phone book rest open again on the coffee table . its place mark by the pen . malorie ( beat ) we will see . ext . wood - day quiet . stillness . malorie crouch , follow a string . her boot crunch under the winter ground . the string lead to a rabbit trap . something furry catch inside . malorie feel it : a dead rabbit . ext . back lawn - dusk malorie , still blindfolded , carry two dead rabbit tie together , march cautiously toward the back door . her hand search for the fence line . find it . her familiar landmark . she take a breath . distantly ... a phone ring . malorie perk up . hurries for the back door . abandon the rabbit . she get to the back door . struggle with the key . rinnnng ! int . live room - moment later the phone ring loudly in here . Boy and girl stand argue about it . a door slam and malorie run in -- girl we do not know what to do ! malorie I get it -- she grab the receiver and answer , breathless -- malorie ( cont 'd ) hello ! rick ( v.o. ) ( filter ) hello , be this malorie ? malorie yes ! yes , that 's I , yes . rick ( v.o. ) ( filter ) my name be Rick . I get you message . malorie Rick what ? rick ( v.o. ) Holland . malorie flip through the book to the ' h’ entry . ecu : '' Holland , Richard . '' circle in red . malorie oh thank god . ( emotional ) where be you , Rick ? be you safe ? be ... be you with other ? 105 . 106 . rick ( v.o. ) we be a community here . seventy - three of we and count . malorie Rick ... do you , do you have room for three more ? ask as if it be the most important question on Earth . rick ( v.o. ) of course . malorie sit down . suddenly weak -kneed . Boy and girl huddle close . rick ( v.o. ) where be you come from ? malorie riverbridge . Upper east side , near state highway one -eighty . rick ( v.o. ) ( beat ) you would have to take the river . malorie what 's wrong with the river ? ext . river - day catch up to the trip on the river . late in the afternoon . the sun hang low . short-haire malorie row . girl play with she three puzzle piece . they all hear something , ahead . rapid . malorie Children ? it 's nearly time . girl for what ? malorie to look . this be what 's wrong with the river . girl whip she head around at malorie - - '' look ? '' malorie steady the boat with the oar . slow down . 107 . bird squawk and caw in flight overhead . malorie ( cont 'd ) there be many rock here , and the water be shallow in place . but we need to land before the waterfall . boy I think we be not suppose to look . ever . malorie take a breath . malorie this time be different . we can not miss the first landmark . the statue . remember the step ? girl eighty -six , forty - four , thirty . malorie good. landmark ? boy statue . Bridge . car. Stone . a hundred migrate bird above they . all make noise now . girl malorie ? bird . malorie that 's a good sign . it mean everything 's all right . the row boat gently move downstream . overhead : the bird chatter , in migration . it 's a chorus of normalcy . the sound of the river rapid get nearer . malorie ( cont 'd ) we be close . I be go to look now . okay ? malorie grab for she blindfold . hook a thumb underneath it . but a new sound give she pause : the bird . they sound more aggressive . 108 . the chatter become a psychotic symphony . close on the flock in midair . they crash headlong into each other . they pick at they wing mid-flight . they attack one another . beak . feather . blood . drop of blood land on malorie 's face . around they : splashes . everything be not all right . bird drop like feathered meteor . Boy and girl tense up . boy they be fall out of the sky ! a blackbird crash into the boat with they . wing convulse . neck break . then : they boat suddenly stop with a jolt . boy ( cont 'd ) what happen ? malorie we hit a rock . in the shoebox , they budgie begin chirping . girl stiffen in alarm . tight on she face : girl ( sotto ) no we do not . the boat tilt slightly , from external weight . and then that god - forsaken sound , close to we ear : the signature , unearthly cry of one of that thing . malorie , Boy and girl clamp they hand over they ear . in the distance : a dozen more sound just like it . malorie grip the oar -- then stab in the direction of the noise -- she come in contact with something . resistance . 109 . in retaliation , it capsize the boat . they all start to scream as they go into the river -- from underwater : malorie splashes in , topple off the boat . boy and girl drop in nearby , but travel faster underwater in the current , they limb wheeling for purchase -- overhead , on the surface , the boat upend . malorie reach out for Boy as he pass by -- her blindfold still around she face -- and then the water cavitate at malorie 's leg and something splashes in and grab hold of she ankle -- but the foam water and chaos be too much to get any sort of distinct look at it -- be it a hand ? a claw ? it 's pale -- Boy and girl drift past , still carry by the water -- malorie kick hard -- get free , go up for air -- ext . river' edge Boy and girl cling to the embankment . Boy climb to shore and help girl up . boy malorie ! no response . farther back , malorie emerge from the water , gasp for air . her blindfold have be tear away in the current . she cough , keep she eye close . splashes behind she . something advance . boy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) where be you ? malorie launch in the direction of he voice . malorie go ! find the statue ! Boy lead girl off the shore , reach ahead still blindfolded , arm outstretch until it touch -- 110 . a figure tower over Boy . make of stone . the virgin Mary , eight foot tall . Boy touch it . confirm it . then he call out to malorie : boy here , it 's here ! on malorie , try to zero in on Boy 's voice . she change course and move for they -- malorie keep talk ! boy ( 0.s. ) we be at the statue ! behind malorie - - sound of something reach shore . and farther back -- more splashes . five . ten. a dozen . all zeroing in on they . Boy and girl stand at the statue , full of fear . remarkably , Boy still have the shoebox with budgie inside . it chirp in alarm , tell they what they already know : girl they be come ! malorie get there first . malorie I be here , I be here . girl malorie . I can not run that fast . all three know that . the creature be move in . malorie crouch down to speak close to they . malorie you two follow the step . go. now . Boy do not need to be tell twice . he grab girl and go . but girl 's head still face malorie , ask : girl what be you go to do ? 111 . malorie stand up and face back the way they come . at the sound of the dozen creature close in . malorie come and get I . then she turn and run in a different angle from she kid . boy' foot stomp the ground until it find a paved path . boy start count . he pull girl by the hand . staying with boy and girl as they run , Boy clutching the box . girl count to herself , she mouth move -- they foot slapping along a gravel path until -- baseboard . Wood . a guard rail . a babbling brook . they're on a bridge . still run . girl 's arm crack against the railing . Boy course - correct . after the bridge the path intersect a road -- and ahead : a stall car in the ditch . girl eighty -two , eighty - three -- they be early . Boy collide with the car . they both get they breath . Boy shout back : boy car ! girl be we go ? boy wait . they breathe hard . finding malorie run blindly but full - tilt through tall grass , small branch of tree whipping she . staying with malorie like we do with Boy and girl - - 112 . she keep she arm outstretch -- move fast -- malorie 's Pov Black . her breath be hard and heavy . her heartbeat be strong , palpable . the sound of she foot crunching in tall grass . in one forward speaker , distantly : Boy 's voice . boy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) malorie ! malorie pause . the monster stampede behind she : a mountain of sound , crash foliage , snap branch . get closer . the sound of malorie 's foot thump again until suddenly -- a glimpse of the world as malorie trip into the brook just a few foot from the bridge , eye flitting open on the way down -- malorie ( 0.s. ) oh god -- on malorie hitting hard in the brook , clamping she eye shut again . but this be just a little stream full of rock . her arm be cut and possibly break by the fall . staying with malorie again as she get up and climb the other bank of the stream . breathless . tree bend and fall into frame behind she . crash . one come down frightfully close to she . a hailstorm of leave descend around she . malorie ( cont 'd ) keep run ! angle on treetop the monster plow through the wilderness . then sound of they crossing the brook in pursuit . always just out of frame . finding boy and girl running . along a corridor make of barb wire . like thread a needle . purposefully set up . 113 . they be not on a road now but smooth concrete . like the entry to a museum or school . girl forty -one , forty - two , forty - three , Boy , stop ! Boy skid to a stop . they be still in the barb - wire corridor . Boy reach , pull girl three step further , into a corner where the wire dog right -- and a large stone placard be set into the walkway . his hand touch and pull girl to face they right . as they run this final corridor , they count together . revealing the text on the placard as Boy and girl run toward a set of double door thirty pace ahead -- janet tucker school for the blind tight angle on malorie running . lose . eye squeeze shut . bleed from cut . favore one leg . the monster thunder behind she like a herd of buffalo . then -- the inevitable . malorie trip . take a hard spill on the ground . pressing in on malorie' face the earth tremble around she . shadows of misshapen foot pass by , shark -swift . all the while she keep she eye shut . shake in terror . at the school entrance Boy and girl reach the door just as a door open . rick step out to steer they in , build like a lumberjack , both eye full of cataract . he 's completely blind . rick Children ! in here ! girl rush to the sound of he voice , let he steer she through the doorway inside . 114 . Boy reach Rick but stop short of go in . instead , Boy turn and shout out toward malorie : boy malorie ! tighter on malorie 's face among the rasp of the creature surround she . through it , the distant voice of Boy . one of that thing turn she over on she back . shadows fall over she face . malorie stay . away . she find she strength again and rise . clutch something in she fist . a knife . she raise it in threaten gesture -- malorie ( cont 'd ) I be not go to look at you . then she turn the knife blade on herself . hold its tip a centimeter from she eyelid . malorie ( cont 'd ) I 'il make sure of it . beat . remain tight on malorie , glimpsing only briefly one of that thing behind she , blurred , move unlike anything that life in this reality . sound of movement , around she . she press the blade to she lid . pierce it enough to elicit a drop of blood . the monster all retreat . as if they somehow know , as the one do in the attic : she will not look . with that , malorie collapse again to the ground . pulling back and up , revealing more of the world around malorie . the creature always just offscreen . they shadow from the sun dance over she body , elongate and distort beyond accurate description as they retreat . 115 . boy ( 0.s. ) malorie ! get inside ! Boy 's voice register in malorie 's ear . she raise she head . int . school - dusk peer out through the narrow open in the door , over Rick 's shoulder . malorie limp the final step of the barb - wire corridor , draw to Rick 's voice . rick just a little further , that 's it . she step inside with Rick 's guidance , and Rick shut the door behind she . rick ( cont 'd ) there you go . you be safe now . malorie dare to open she eye . this be she destination . if it 's not safe now , there 's no other option . she do . the school grounds be protect by high wall and overhang , let in natural light . the main space be a garden - like courtyard with tree , the roof build as a chain - link cage , create a kind of aviary . more people of all age gather to greet they . some of they blind , but many who be sighted . refugees , like malorie . malorie take it in and start to weep . girl can we look now ? malorie pull girl and Boy close . with a wet face : malorie yes , you can look . she pull at they blindfold . Boy and girl look around at all the people . and at the sky . and the tree . 116 . they want to look everywhere at once . because they have never see any of it before . Rick crouch down beside they . rick and what be you name ? boy Boy . girl girl . Rick tilt he head . what ? but malorie turn the child to face she . malorie no. ( to Boy ) you name be tom. ( to girl ) and yours be olympia . Boy and girl look at malorie with wonder . girl gasp . they face light up like it 's Christmas morning . boy Tom ? my name be Tom ? Tom ! girl I have a name ? malorie nod . the wall she 's put up in front of she emotion begin to crack , with a hitch in she breath . she reach out and bring they both close , into a hug . it 's the kind of affection they have crave for year . they hug back , cling to malorie , not want to break the spell . when they part , Boy and girl then run to the other child in the group and begin introduce themselves with they name , like it 's a new outfit they be show off . Boy remember the budgie in the shoebox , go to it and open the lid of the box . Inside : the budgie flutter . look sideways at Boy . boy go on , now . he pick it up in cup hand , and let it free . the little bird take to the air , now in the safety of this outdoor aviary . 117 . Rick put a gentle hand on malorie 's shoulder . rick be they both yours ? malorie finally own it . watch the child look wide - eye at the world , she smile proudly through she tear . malorie yes . I be they mother . fade out . the end .