" birthday girl " screenplay by Tom butterworth and jez butterworth fade in : in a Russian summer meadow , a young girl spin around and around . a simple guitar theme play as the low sun catch she hair . around she neck be a pair of field binocular , and she run through the meadow with they press to she face , spying butterfly , bird , rabbit . she reach the top of a hillock , and jump into the air , and fly up into the sky . we float up and up with she as she aim the binocular up , up , into the sun . fade through SUN to : a aerial shot of the roll English countryside . nothing but field and tree for mile . the shot describe a panorama before look directly down , at the earth , and we begin to move . we fly low over a field , a ditch and straight out over six lane of motorway . Cars and lorry tear below at a hundred mile a hour . we fly over the hard shoulder to another field beyond . we descend on two young boy in the field . a pornographic magazine be spread out of the flatten grass . one of the boy put a match to the centre page and as the flame lick up , we begin to move again , across the field , over a path and into a suburban garden . we fly over five or six garden , over a barbecue , over child splash in a pool , over a woman sunbathing , a man mow he lawn , a young boy bounce up and down on a garden trampoline , to arrive on the patio of John Buckingham . he walk out onto the patio , where he sit in a chair , face he house , set down a mug of tea . CUT to : a blurred face sharpen into focus , John Buckingham , about thirty - two , sit on he patio , he garden behind , field beyond . JOHN hello . his hand adjust a microphone on he lapel . JOHN hello , hello . hello ... he shift in he chair . cough . he look straight at we . JOHN I do not believe in perfect love . you know , love that come out of the sky like a thunderbolt and uh ... this be ridiculous . he remove the microphone . he sit there , think very hard . JOHN no . no no no . nope . he stand , turn and stretch . blackout : fade up : he be sit as before , look at we . JOHN running . reading . go out . stay in . the countryside . film , if they be good . blackout : fade up : JOHN thoughtful . outgoing . ambitious . well - read . reasonably popular . balance . trusting . quite attractive . outgoing . blackout : fade up : JOHN someone intelligent , of course . kind . pretty I suppose . but its not critical . ext . john' STREET - day John watch while two removal man lift a new double bed from the back of a van . JOHN ( v.o. ) someone with a sense of humour . someone you can communicate with on the same level . someone you can really talk to . I think communication be key . int . bedroom - day John 's hand smooth a crisp white sheet over the double mattress . a ant run across the sheet . John squash it and pick it carefully off . JOHN ( v.o. ) I think that by the time most people turn thirty they know where they be go . CUT to : ext . garden - day John encircle he house , leave a thick trail of yellow powder behind he . JOHN ( v.o. ) and where they have be . I suppose they have some baggage stroke history . ext . the garden recording - day we see that John be talk to he PC . it have a small digital camera on the side . JOHN we all have someone in we past who uh ... one skeleton , if you like . we have all get at least one person , as it be , under the patio . not literally of course . I suppose I only say this because I always think people who do this sort of thing be ... I have a image that they be loser . not loser . a bit sad . but I think this be the modern world . and I think really it 's quite a brave move . quite a brave , reasonable thing to do . he smile . JOHN sorry can we start again ? single card on black : birthday girl John 's finger in close - up , type JOHN buckingham , and he amex number into he PC . finish , he stop , and rest he face on he hand . he hit send . that instant , a worry of black crow burst up in the field behind he and take to the swirl air . blackout . Music . titles . the title pop and slide over footage of Russian woman , on computer video , advertising themselves . they mostly speak in Russian , some of which be subtitle , some speak in English . the woman slide on and off the screen , overlap and collide , as the title appear . Close -up on mouth and eye , tight and pixellate . it become a wall of image and sound . CUT to : ext . sky - day the gigantic underside of a boe 747 tear down the screen . int . airport travelator - day John slide across the screen , motionless , towards arrival . int . airport - day . last call for flight leave for the other side of the world . traveller criss -cross and swirl . int . airport MAIN arrival board - day BA 1880 moscow on time . int . airport restroom - day he dry he face with a paper towel , then check himself in the mirror . he look okay , a little white . int . arrival gate - day the arrival gate slide open and passenger flood through . John stand among the chauffeur and cab driver , as the passenger trundle by . we follow one young woman long enough to think this must be she , but it 's a false alarm , she 's lift up and spun around by someone else . they have all pass . that 's that . she be not on the flight . John wander away from the gate . he stand about in the swirl in the middle of the airport . people bustle by . everyone go somewhere . gradually , we get the sense we be be watch . a woman stand nearby . she be about twenty , very beautiful , tired and laden with luggage . JOHN nadia ? she nod . JOHN I be John . they shake hand . JOHN welcome . ( pause ) well . look I do not have a speech but ... a distort passenger announcement break above we . it 's too loud to talk . it end and they stand there in silence . he point to she luggage . JOHN be that everything ? nadia yes . JOHN right . okay . good . they stand there . int . airport lift - day nadia and John stand side by side in a huge lift . JOHN we can talk in the car . a deafen roll of thunder . ext . airport car park - day it 's pour with rain as they cross the car park towards a patch up yellow Rover . John stow the suitcase in the boot and open the passenger door for she . int . / ext . john' car ( moving ) - day John turn the key in the ignition . the mg wheeze and cough . he try again . nothing . the third time it just catch and he coax it to life . the colour 's drain from he cheek . they head for the motorway . the silence in the car last just long enough for John to feel he be break it . JOHN it 's about forty mile from here . I do not know if you have look at a map , it 's close to London but it 's a city in itself . a Roman city . it 's a nice house . I be have a problem with ant . I uh ... it 's the warmer weather . I can not seem to find the nest . sorry , do you understand " ant " ? nadia yes . JOHN I just can not find a nest . the root of the problem . I have look everywhere . what 's the Russian for ant ? sorry that 's a stupid ... sorry . this be strange be not it . nadia yes . JOHN I be pretty nervous . be you ? nadia yes . JOHN I mean ... " ant . " " I have get a problem with ant . " he shake he head . JOHN I have this ... he pull a sign from he jacket which say " nadia ! " JOHN as a joke but uh ... he toss it onto the back seat . they drive . he see nadia look at England . JOHN so . be it different to how you imagine it ? nadia yes . JOHN I bet. ( pause ) what about I ? be I how you imagine ? nadia yes . he double - take , change lane . JOHN and how be the flight . sorry , be I speak too fast for you ? nadia yes . John look across . JOHN do uh ... sorry . can you follow I ? do you understand what I be say ? nadia yes . JOHN good . or should I speak slower ? nadia yes . JOHN do you follow or should I speak slower ? nadia yes . he look across . back at the road . he change gear . JOHN uh ... be you a giraffe ? nadia yes . John turn to face the road ahead . JOHN ( to himself ) oh Jesus . he drive in silence . JOHN oh Jesus . suddenly she wind the window down and vomit out of the speed car . John panic and swerve onto the hard shoulder amidst loud horn blast . ext . hard shoulder - day John navigate he way round the Rover in the rain to find she kneel on the verge , throw up . he put a hand on she shoulder , but she stand up quickly , maintain a icy dignity consider what have just happen . ext . john' close - day it have stop raining and a group of young boy be play cricket in the road . they clear as a yellow Rover pull into the Close , and into the drive of the little house at the end . as John climb out of he car he eye the boy . the boy eye he , and he new friend . int . john' house - day the front door close behind they . John and nadia stand in the silence of he hallway . there be a small banner hang there : " welcome nadia " . they study the banner together , gravely . eventually he open a door . JOHN ( quietly ) Lounge . she peer round he and look inside . he lead she down towards the kitchen . JOHN Kitchen . she glance around it . then back at John . he nod to himself , look tense and pale . int . john' upstair landing - day he put she suitcase down on the landing , and open a door . without look inside : JOHN bathroom . he close it . int . MAIN bedroom - day stand in the doorway of John 's bedroom . JOHN bedroom . there it be . the double bed . John frown gravely . without warning , he march out . she come out onto the landing to catch John plus suitcase kick open another door and vanish inside . int . spare bedroom - day nadia peer around the door to find John stand next to a narrow monk - like single bed . JOHN the uh ... the other bedroom ... she look at it , then up at John . she turn and walk out . now she 's back , with she camouflage hold - all , dump it onto the floor , heave the suitcase onto the bed and smoking no - hand , start unpack . John plug in the lamp by the bed . to show nadia how it work he switch it on , off , on , off , and then feel stupid . JOHN I will get a ashtray . with John go , nadia stop unpack . she walk to the window and stare out over the rooftop of the estate . CUT to : int . lounge - day John on the phone . answer machine you have reach from Russia with Love . we office reopen on Monday . if you be interested in we service ... ( etc. etc . ) thank you . JOHN this be John Buckingham from St alban . I need to speak to you urgently . there 's a critical problem . it 's ... call I back as soon as possible . it 's critical . int . stair / landing - day John climb the stair hold a saucer for a ashtray . he knock lightly on the spare room door . int . spare room / landing - day nadia be lie asleep on the bed in only she black underwear . we duck straight back out . John compose himself . he put he head back round the door as if there 's a real chance it will be shot off . she 's face away , arm fold , still hold the cigarette . it have burnt out , leave a long curl of ash on she bare hip . he approach the bed with immense trepidation , ease the cigarette from between she finger and drop it in the bin . he stare at she bare hip , with the ash on it . holding the saucer under the ash , he blow on it gently . it take three careful breath before it drop in the saucer . unseen by John , she eye be wide open as he steal out onto the landing . we stay with she a moment . CUT to : a pot of stew , bubbling on the hob . int . kitchen - day John be stir a pot on the hob . by he expression he might be defuse a bomb . his head cock , he stiffen . nadia walk right into the kitchen . she 's change , jeans and a tee shirt . nadia take the spoon from he , say something in Russian , gesture for he to sit . she taste the stew . now she stir the pot . he watch she . CUT to : int . kitchen - day John and nadia sit opposite each other . she take a mouthful . they catch one another 's eye . and again . on the wall across , six ant careen in crazy circle . John can see they , but do not move . he put he fork down . JOHN I do not know what to say . you letter be in English . good English . you say you would study English . nadia reach down into she bag and pull out a small box wrap in brown paper . she place it in front of he . he warily unwrap a little wooden box . he open the lid and fish out a simple gold ring . he hold it in he palm . JOHN I can not take this . he put it back in the box , hope it will disappear . she fish it out again and hold it on she palm for he to take . JOHN I can not take it . I be not really a ring guy . she take he hand . he automatically yank it away like he 's be burn . she take he hand again and to stop it become unbearable , he allow nadia to push the ring onto he ring finger . it go on easily . JOHN okay . no big deal . thank you . yes thanks . thank you . int . lounge - night John and nadia sit next to each other on the couch watch t.v. John 's gaze seem to go through the t.v. and a thousand yard beyond . nadia be knitting a half - finish jumper , blood red . John stand and disappear out of shot . JOHN ( o.s. ) if anyone get this message please call as soon as possible . it 's a emergency . John sit back down . he steal side - glance at she . her mouth . her red-paint finger knitting fast . John flip through the channel -- the money programme . antique 's roadshow . Cup rugby . eventually he offer nadia the remote control . she take , aim it at the t.v. but do not press it . just as it seem she will not , she do : University challenge . they watch University challenge with nadia still aim the control and smoking . after another long pause she flip the button -- the money programme . antique roadshow . rugby . she flip again then hand the control back to John and they watch University challenge . nadia put down she knitting , stretch and yawn . int . lounge / stair - night nadia climb the stair . John watch she , hover in the doorway of the darken lounge . he hear the bathroom door close before venture up . int . bedroom - day John sit on the edge of he bed . he cock he head : door open and shutting ; foot pad along landing ; door close . silence . he squeeze he door open and peer down the dark landing . the coast be clear . int . bathroom - day brush he tooth , stare accusingly at he reflection . spit . finish , he take a deep breath and open the door , and give a small shout . nadia be stand right outside the door ; nightshirt , damp hair , toothbrush in she mouth . JOHN good night . he squeeze past and quick -step down the landing . int . bedroom - night he climb into the big bed , fully clothed , turn off the light and lie there in the moonlight . after twenty second , the bedroom door click open . John climb out of bed as casually as possible and stand around . JOHN you should go now . we will talk in the morning . his eye widen but he can not speak . he want to but she 's place she hand across he mouth . she reach down and take he hand , and draw it towards she , slowly trace he finger across she breast . she unbutton she shirt and pull he hand inside . he 's breathe hard , she right hand still clasped over he mouth . her free hand lower to press against he , and unzip he fly . he let out a moan . we concentrate on they face . above the silence all we can hear be John 's breathe -- before long nadia look down -- he 's come . nadia turn and walk out , leave John maroon , gasp in and blow out , angry almost , buttone he trousers . ext . john' close - night exterior view of John 's darken house . a fox trot across the cul - de- sac and sit under John 's car , where it curl up . int . john' bedroom - night John lie in bed stare out at a streetlight . int . nadia be room - day the morning . nadia open she eye in the sun-filled room . int . landing - day she pad down the hall in she nightshirt and open the door to the bathroom . there on the toilet , naked , be John . he give another short shout . nadia hold he eye for a couple of second too long , before shutting we inside with he . ext . john' garden - day John sprint down he lawn , scatter the big black crow eat he garden . he jump the fence , and across the field . ext . countryside - day John jog along by a river in the countryside behind he house , wear short and a tee shirt . his breath billow around he in the sharp morning air . he stop run by a gate overlook a small hill . he double up to recover , panting hard . int . john' garden - day two wild rabbit be nibble the remain of a big breakfast leave on the lawn . John climb heavily back over he fence . there 's a deck chair out there , surround by the remain of breakfast . some glossy Russian magazine , a full ashtray , nadia 's knitting . the patio door be ajar , the net curtain billow . he scan the garden jumpily . the boy next door be on he trampoline , bounce up and down , watch John at the top of each bounce . int . john' house - day sweating from the run , John peer up the stair . the house be silent . in the lounge he pick up the phone and dial a number . answer machine you have reach from Russia with Love . if you be interested ... he hang up . int . landing - day John stand with he ear to the bathroom door . the shower 's on . int . nadia' bedroom - day it 's empty . he slip inside . stuff everywhere . cigarette carton , several lighter , spare wool , suitcase , rucksack . huge poster of Bruce springsteen on wall . warily , he open the bedside drawer : different coloured bras and knicker . in she open suitcase lie a small wooden chest . he lift it out and put it on the bed , hesitates , then open it . a pair of Russian Army field binocular . he put they on the bed beside he . a small silver pistol , the size of a derringer . he study it , and pull the trigger . it 's a cigarette lighter . a brochure of prospective husband provide by the marriage agency . after a dozen or so photo he come across he page but the photo have be cut out . he see he name in the strange lettering , under the hole . int . bathroom - day nadia in the shower , eye shut , water pour over she face . int . nadia be room - day John flick through a stack of photograph . one of nadia as a young girl in a meadow , with binocular around she neck -- John look at the same binocular on the bed next to he . he turn they over in he hand . he look through they . he slowly lower they . he 's see something . he stand and cross the room . on the mantelpiece , in a silver frame , be he picture , cut from the brochure . he hold it in he hand . the shower have stop . in a panic he replace the picture , the photograph , the gun lighter , the brochure , and the binocular . int . landing - day nadia leave the bathroom , hair wrap in a towel , and head straight towards we . int . nadia' bedroom - day John shut the chest , drop it back into the suitcase . the photo of the binocular girl be on the pillow . he whip it under the bed just as nadia enter . she do not seem surprised to see he stand there , in she room , in he tee shirt and run short . JOHN nadia . this be not go to work . I be sorry . it 's be a terrible mistake . you must go . he take the ring off and hold it out to she . she do not take it . he put it on the bed . JOHN I be book a flight for tomorrow . I be sorry . John and nadia on she bed , nadia tear off he tee shirt . she get on top . ext . john' close - day the milkman hop a low fence between two house . he wave to a man water he rise tree . int . nadia be room - day John and nadia have sex . they do not take they eye off each other . ext . john' close - day a mother corral she school child into a volvo . they do not want to go . int . nadia be room - day John sit on the edge of the bed , hold he head in he hand . the door have just shut behind he . he look at he leave hand . he have the ring on . voice over Problem solving . John identify most problem within appropriate time frame ... int . natwest bank , ST alban - day the large oak door of the bank swing open . voice over most of the time he develop several alternative solution to problem ... we move fast through the banking hall to the furthest counter . the blind snap up to reveal John , wear a smart suit . voice over he usually resolve or minimise most problem before they grow into larger problem ... int . behind the glass - day John 's skilled hand load a stack of banknote into a drawer . the cashier next along , Clare , smile at he . clare good weekend ? JOHN uh. yeah . pretty good . clare do anything special ? JOHN uh. no. voice over Communications . John listen and comprehend well . int . branch manager' office - day John sit in front of a large desk , hand on knee . branch manager ( o.s. ) when communicate he be good at select the most efficient method and display effective verbal communication skill ... across the desk the branch manager read a report out loud in a impersonal , flat manner . branch manager on one occasion John show first class communication skill in a delicate customer situation . int . john' kitchen - day nadia open a kitchen cupboard and stare inside at John 's grocery . branch manager ( v.o. ) initiative . John be reasonably quick to volunteer whenever other need help . although he be sometimes reluctant and or unwilling to ask for it himself ... she open some pickle onion and pop one in she mouth . int . live room - day cradle the jar of onion , she scan he bookshelf . branch manager ( v.o. ) he be adequate at resolve difficult or emotional customer situation ... bluffer guide to the Internet . she open a old copy of the lion , the witch and the wardrobe . Inside be write ' John Buckingham class 3f ' . branch manager ( v.o. ) he usually fulfill commitment make to customer within expect time frame . int . john' bedroom - day she open the wardrobe . in a shoebox she find some photo . branch manager ( v.o. ) customer service . John show a high degree of respect for customer ... one of John as a little boy , hold a football , flanke by he parent . on the back someone have write " summer 1973 " . branch manager ( v.o. ) John still have some reluctance to / or have problem in , carve out new relationship face to face . there be a photo of John , about three year ago , arm in arm with a plain , thin - look girl , with small eye . another of he kissing she on the cheek . int . branch manager' office - day John listen . branch manager judgment -- John make able decision in most area of he job . int . john' bedroom - day nadia see something at the bottom of the cupboard . she bend down to retrieve a black dustbin liner . she reach in and pull out a small stack of hardcore pornographic magazine . branch manager ( v.o. ) John follow instruction conscientiously and respond well to personal direction . she upend the bag and a half dozen video fall out . she pick up a magazine and begin flick through it impassively . int . lounge - day nadia downstairs kneel in front of the t.v. and slip a video into the machine . nadia 's face be light up by the screen . the sound of sex . branch manager ( v.o. ) John be normally very punctual and in most situation assume responsibility for he own action and outcome . she pop a pickle onion in she mouth , and watch . we see the image close and pixellate , as we do the marriage video in the title . it 's a bondage scene , the woman wear a gag . int . branch manager' office - day John back in the room . the report have finish and the manager be scrutinise he in silence . JOHN thank you -- I think that 's very fair . int . / ext . john' car ( moving ) - day John drive he Rover through the centre of town , the low orange sun on he face . ext . john' close - day the Rover pull into the driveway . John open the glove compartment and remove the ring nadia give he , and put it back on . he collect a brown paper package from the passenger seat . int . john' kitchen - night John and nadia at the supper table . she be knitting the jumper . despite the silence , John seem more relaxed , in shirtsleeve and loosen tie . he put he fork down , and place the brown bag on the table , push it across to nadia . she open it and remove a big hardback Russian - English dictionary . John smile and nod " open it " . she flick through it . she turn it over in she hand , nod , put the book down , reach under the table and surface with the stack of porn magazine . she put they on the table next to the dictionary . John behold the pile . " wet not Wild " be on top . he rise slowly from the table and sleepwalk from the kitchen . int . JOHN be hall / stair / landing / bathroom - day John , freeze -headed , float down the hall , up the stair into the bathroom , lock the door , sit on the toilet . int . john' kitchen - day downstair nadia clear , the dish . the porn stack still sit on the table , beside the dictionary . int . bathroom - day still on the toilet . he have not move . he close he eye . int . landing - night it 's dark . the bathroom door open a crack . the coast clear , he dash for the cover of he bedroom . int . bedroom - night John rest he head against the doorframe and heave a sigh of relief . he turn and freeze . nadia be there next to he . she slowly loosen he tie . holding it in she hand she examine the strange little bank logo on it , before deliberately tie the tie over she mouth like a gag . a second tie be pull from a hanger in the cupboard . quickly and skillfully she tie she hand together , pull it tight with she tooth . finish , she flick she hair back , and give he a long , level look . voice over it will feel very strange at first but then you get use to it . CUT to : int . room in the bank - day a close up of John 's face . he close he eye , fall backwards , and be catch in the arm of a colleague . trainer good . again . John stand again and close he eye . after a short wait he fall back and again he colleague catch he just before he hit the ground . trainer very good . how do that feel John ? JOHN it feel good . weird . trainer it 's call trust and letting go . John nod . trainer trust and letting go . a simple guitar theme begin , and play over the follow sequence : kid play cricket in John 's Close . a boy hit the ball and other chase it as it bounce off car . John at dusk tie to the bed with he two bank tie . nadia be on top . they be have sex . hand stack bank note into the back of a cash machine . fast , mechanical . at the bank , John walk to he desk . his phone ring . he answer it . silence . then soft breathe . John listen intently and look around . " nadia ...? " -- John sit there , surround by he colleague , listen to nadia breathe . Close up on a man 's hand tie a tie tight a-round a woman 's wrist . pull back to a close up of nadia 's face , she eye fix on John . John run by the river . John watch nadia rise from he bed after sex and leave the room . he stare out the window . nadia 's finger , knitting skillfully . nadia sit on she bed alone , pull on black stocking and attach they to suspender . the street cricketer run for cover as a thunder storm break over the close . rain come down in John 's garden . the pair sit under the shelter of the back porch . John have he hand out as nadia be wind red wool it into a ball . the jumper be half finish . the rabbit shelter from the rain under broad leave . John in a pub with a four colleague from the bank . he sip he half , half listen to the conversation . it all seem so dull . he finish he drink and look at he watch . they ask he if he 's stay for another . a knitting needle be draw from a row of red stitches on the nearly - finish jumper . nadia kneel over John hold the knitting needle . she press one to he skin and we watch it draw across he chest in close up , up to he neck . his eye be fix on hers . Close up on nadia 's face . her mouth be gag and she 's lie on she front , head half - bury in a pillow . we can just make out John behind , on top of she . both be lie still and breathe hard , cover in sweat . catch she breath nadia yank the gag off and wriggle out from underneath he . she snatch up a towel and cover herself hurry to the bathroom . the guitar theme end . int . landing - night John press he ear to the bathroom door . the sound of retching . the toilet flush . John pad back to he bedroom . through the gap in the door he see nadia come out , go to she room , and shut the door . he rest he head against the door frame . CUT to : int . lounge - day a beautiful morning . through the patio window , John watch nadia in the garden , sit on the lawn read she dictionary in the sunlight . in dungaree with she hair up , she look very young . ext . garden - day he walk warily out into the sunlight . she look up , then back to the big book in she lap . he place the tea next to she on the grass . JOHN be you o.k.? she look at he , then down at she tome . she speak slowly , in a heavy accent : nadia today be bath day . JOHN sorry ? she study she book . look up . nadia today be bath day . he shake he head . JOHN bath day ? she nod . JOHN I do not understand . nadia happy bath day . the penny drop . JOHN today ? she frown . John leaf through the dictionary . JOHN syevodnya ? nadia syevodnya JOHN happy birthday . happy birthday . he put he hand on she shoulder . nadia Party . ( pause ) Party . syevodnya . John nod , smile . JOHN yes. Party . Party syevodnya . she light a cigarette from the butt of she last . blow smoke . she hold the jumper up to John , as if to try it for size , and the theme return . int . kitchen - day John be on the telephone . JOHN ... it might just be a twenty - four hour bug ... int . bank - day Clare listen , concerned . clare well you just get better . I will tell beaky . you just get some rest , ok ? int . kitchen - day John put the phone down . he look down the hall , where nadia be kill ant on the table , with she dictionary . he smile . ext . JOHN be car - day a shot from above , of the Rover 's windscreen , reflect the pass tree . the roof be down . we glide up the windscreen , up nadia 's body , in the passenger seat . her face be upturn slightly , she 's wear sunglass , which reflect the pass tree . int . john' lounge - night nadia sit alone at the dining room table . suddenly the light go out . John enter , carry a small birthday cake glow with candle . the light throw huge shadow on the wall and flicker across they face . he set the cake down on the table and sit down opposite nadia JOHN happy birthday to you . happy birthday to you . happy birthday dear nadia ... the front doorbell ring . a loud long burst . nadia 's face transform into a big grin . she hurry out into the hall , leave John alone with the cake . nadia whooping and shouting excitedly . other voice . shout . shout in Russian . a man burst in carry nadia in he arm . he spin she round in the candlelight , kiss she , put she down and go to the table where he blow out the candle . they be plunge into darkness . lot of whooping and laugh . a Zippo flare up and illuminate some face , all laugh . CUT to : John 's hand grop along the wall . it find the light switch . there be two man here . one small and wiry , one big and dark , like rasputin . they each carry rucksack and a guitar case . yuri you must be John . you seem very nice . Excuse I . in Russian , the first man introduce nadia to the other man , who be relighting the candle with a Zippo . it seem they have not meet before . the first man , yuri , pull out a bottle of vodka and hand it to John . yuri how 's that ? we can not drink we piss can we ? JOHN hang on hang on , sorry , but like , who be you ? yuri you must find some glass , small , for the toast , and some plate . JOHN what be you do here ? yuri stop . yuri sorry . you have lose I ... JOHN I be ask what you be here for . yuri what ? yuri speak to nadia in fast Russian . yuri ( to John ) you do not speak Russian ? pratsteetye ! this explain you cold eye . nadia begin gabbling to yuri in Russian . yuri say the English word -- " Friends " . nadia ( to John ) " frenzy " . JOHN yes I know . yuri ( himself ) yuri. ( rasputin ) alexei . alexei and yuri . alexei speak . JOHN what do he say ? yuri he say he feel safe here . nadia talk fast to yuri . yuri she say she want to tell you but she English be shit . and no one speak Russian , it 's very hard for she . the light please . alexei turn off the light again . nadia blow out she candle . they be plunge back into darkness . John turn the light on again . yuri be already sit down . JOHN I need to know who you be first please . yuri oh. ( yuri stand ) we be Russian . JOHN yes . I know . yuri good. ( he sit down ) JOHN and ... yuri and what ? you mean from the beginning ? Jesus . can I uh okay , as we say in Russia can I cut a long story short . okay . nadia be my little cousin . except she 's not . but we say cousin . this be for you . he hand John another bottle of vodka . JOHN hold on . yuri toast first then we talk seriously , I can see you be serious about we . vodka be splash into they glass . yuri raise he glass and shout a toast in Russian : " vashe Zdarovye ! " . they down they vodka , John sip at he , then realise he must finish it . yuri make as if to throw he in the fireplace . yuri just kid . sausage , cheese , bread and pickle bottle rain onto the table from yuri 's rucksack . JOHN ( to yuri ) so hang on . you be both nadia 's cousin ? yuri ( shaking he head ) of course not . alexei , he 's be my problem . JOHN right . yuri we better watch he . he 's crazy . JOHN right . yuri I be actor , he be actor , although he be a actor stroke musician . I just noodle along , I be not so good . he make I look like a retard -- he smoke I . I do not mean he smoke I . yuri mime give a blow -job . yuri I mean he smoke I . do you say " smoke " in u.k.? he mime the blowjob again . JOHN no . yuri right . so I can say he smoke I . so. pause . JOHN so ? yuri so I come to England with other actor to make show , I meet this freak from novgorod I tell he of you and Chicken and the birthday here we be . yuri speak to nadia in Russian , she reply look at John . JOHN what be that ? yuri I ask she if you be happy to see we . I find it hard to tell with you . JOHN yes it 's okay . thank you for the food . nadia light a cigarette . John notice that on both wrist she have bold red mark from the tie . he freeze . yuri she say you be a little shy . I think I know this . John be throw , panic that one of they will notice the mark . JOHN so how long will you be in England ? yuri plan be for the architect , politician and so forth . JOHN you must have a visa or something ... yuri you be ask for my document ? JOHN no , no ... yuri laugh , translate for alexei and they both get a big laugh out of this . yuri get he passport out and make a big show of present it to John . but John keep glance at the mark on nadia 's wrist . we see a close up of she neck . there be the tiniest blood mark . John see it and start to sweat . yuri we be all european here . Europe , tony Blair and maggie thatcher ! yuri raise he glass and they all drink to tony Blair and Margaret thatcher . John drink he vodka in two hot gulp . yuri so . you have nothing to say to you fiancee ? maybe to wife of forty year it 's understandable . come on . you speak and I will translate . John look glaze . the room fall silent . JOHN hello . yuri translate -- she reply . yuri she say ' hello ' to you . go for it John ! JOHN uh. do you like England ? yuri classic ! ( he translate ) thank God . she say ' yes ! ' John nod . he watch nadia tap ash . the wrist again . JOHN uh ... they all wait . yuri nod encouragingly . JOHN I can not think of anything . hang on . nadia speak in Russian to yuri . yuri she say she have a secret to tell . JOHN what ? nadia speak . John wait uncomfortably . silence . yuri she say she watch you at the airport . John stop . JOHN when ? yuri ( translate ) " I see you wait there , by the gate . " JOHN I ... yuri " I have this uh ... " she explain to you ... " when I be a little girl my father have this beautiful old glass . " like ... I do not know the word . like for watch uh ... for watch the bird . we see John 's face . JOHN binoculars . yuri binoculars . he have this binoculars he have keep from the war . CUT to : scene 1 reprise . ext . summer meadow - day a young girl run through a summer meadow with a pair of Russian Army field binocular , around she neck . yuri ( v.o. ) I would run around with they take picture of thing I like with my mind . if I see something beautiful I would take a picture . with the binocular press to she face , she spy butterfly , bird , a rabbit . she stop run and aim the binocular up , up , into the sun int . john' live room - night yuri translate . yuri the day before I leave Russia my father give I the old binocular . he say that when I see you I be to stand far away and look at you with this , and to examine you face closely . and if you be a bad person I could run away . nadia look at the table . yuri she say she take a picture . John watch nadia look at the table . she glance up once and catch he eye . alexei suddenly slam he hand down on the table . he raise he palm . there be a ant squash there . he show yuri . alexei nasyekski . ext . john' garden - night the small party have move outside to the patio , where they sit around a low wooden table in the mellow candlelight . a huge late summer moon hang over the field . alexei tinkle beautifully on he guitar . he stop ask a question in Russian . JOHN what be that ? yuri oh nothing . JOHN tell I . yuri no . it be too judgmental . JOHN tell I what he say . yuri he say why do you send to Russia for a wife . silence . John suddenly look sick . yuri you be not ashamed of it ? it 's no surprise to want to love . JOHN no . it 's not that . yuri do you believe in love ? JOHN I suppose it 's ... I mean define you term . yuri it 's very strange . how many people be truly themselves with they love ? it be the great human disaster and it be never in the newspaper . there be no Marches against heartache , no ministries against loneliness , no concert against disappointment . we look away . and still we know in secret that nothing be more important to we . the one thing we all share but do not say . look John I will show you something . he take a plate and start reach for the food . yuri here look , something beautiful from Russia . here be life , there , take it . John accept the plate . yuri here be bread . khylep . this be work . we all need this , here eat . John eat . yuri good . but we can not survive with just work , so here be meat and blood . myasa . this be family and country , flesh , strength , eat . John bite the sausage . yuri but again this be not life . here be joy and pain . chyesnok . without this life have no flavour , be too serious . eat . John nibble some pickle garlic . yuri but this vodka . ( pause ) be love . only this magic change you inside . the moon and the star and the sun . yuri offer John the glass . he look at nadia , take it and swig it down in one . he look across at nadia , wiping he mouth , he eye water . she look back at he . alexei begin softly sing a song . as he sing : yuri this be a love song , a soldier 's song to he beloved -- alexei , he 's afghanstya , a veteran of Afghanistan . he see terrible thing . they listen to the beautiful , sad voice . for the second verse yuri join in , a slow stir lament . for the end nadia join in too and the three of they begin harmonise beautifully . John watch in the candlelight . John , nadia and alexei pose with the cake . nadia put she arm round John and alexei . with a flash ! yuri take a Polaroid . the guitar theme return as we see the Polaroid on the table in close up , develop speed up . John come into focus , beam . int . lounge - night we track across the sleep face of yuri and alexei tuck into they sleep bag with guitar case for pillow . John switch the light off and close the door . int . john' bedroom - night John and nadia see from above lie asleep , with they head together , in the moonlight . nadia whisper something in she sleep , in Russian . fast asleep John mutter something in English . they sleep , unintelligible conversation , drift on in the night . int . bank - day John sit at he desk in the open plan office . he look nervous . this be because he be wear nadia 's ring . people pass he desk , a couple say hello , but they do not notice . he rub he chin . nobody notice . eventually he manager approach . branch manager Quick word John ? he lean over the desk . branch manager this be sensitive . you car . Lovely car . do not necessarily give the right impression . JOHN ch ... branch manager to customer approach the bank from the rear JOHN ( throw ) right . branch manager you can see why it 's sensitive ? JOHN uh ... yes . the manager smile and tap the desk twice . branch manager I will leave it on you desk . John be leave alone . int . hall / live room - day the front door open and John walk into he hall . the two rucksack be still side by side where they be the night before ... int . kitchen - day he open the fridge and pour himself a glass of orange . he stop -- there on the drain board lie the bloody skin of a rabbit . John jump out of he skin . next to the rabbit skin be a hand -drawn map . a dot line wind around the map and end with a X in a small wood . he look at the rabbit skin , with its eyeless socket . ext . forest - day John follow a path through a big silent wood , the low sun flaring and catch he white work shirt . p.o.v. of JOHN through binocular , a long way off and squinting into the sun . nadia lower the binocular and look past we . CUT to : John spot some figure lie on the grass in the distance . he head towards they , and watch they for a moment from thirty yard away . alexei , yuri and nadia sit in a small clear . a blanket , cushion , bread and vodka be scattered around . yuri be strumm a guitar . alexei and nadia be laugh and chat . he remove a small twig from she hair and flatten it under he big hand . John watch the gesture . it 's so intimate they could be lover . yuri ( call ) John . we can see you hide . John step out of he hide place and approach the group . alexei have nadia fall about laugh about something . he smile at she then nod to John . piece of cook rabbit lie in tin foil . alexei feed a piece to nadia with a big hunt knife . nadia smile at John , and start knitting . yuri how be bank ? JOHN Fine . I think you be leave today . yuri to be indoors on such a day . it 's crime . nadia stop knitting and take she shirt off and stretch back to sunbathe in she black bra . alexei take the knife he have just finish clean and hold the cold wide blade flat above nadia 's bare stomach . just before press it down he look across at John . nadia yelp and sit up . they laugh , and yuri join in . John laugh uneasily . alexei notice mark on nadia 's midriff . he ask she about they in Russian . John go white , unable to understand nadia 's explanation . he have no idea what she tell he . ext . lake in forest - day at sunset , the four run towards a lake in they underwear . they jump and dive in , and begin splash each other . John duck - dive under the water and swim through the sunlit streak green water . we see he under the water , swim towards we , catch by the sun 's ray . John surface , and wipe the water from he eye . he spot alexei and nadia play in the water . alexei grab she and throw she in the air and she come down with a splash . John tread water nearby . he watch they both hold they nose and disappear under the surface . they have both vanish . John duck under the water . John 's underwater p.o.v. : it 's too murky to see anything . the two surface , breathe hard , laugh . John watch they . alexei hold nadia tight and look like he might even kiss she . but instead he duck she and hold she under the water . John tread water nearby . she 's be under a long time . JOHN hey . John begin to swim toward alexei . just as he get near , alexei let nadia surface , cough and spluttering -- she shout at alexei in Russian , angry . alexei make for she again but she push he away , twice , almost slapping he . she be very uncomfortable . she swim away . yuri admonish he friend in Russian . alexei stare at John , then swim off powerfully back towards the shore . yuri he 's just have fun . he 's maybe too strong you know ... John watch nadia walk out of the lake towards she clothes . int . bedroom - night John walk into he bedroom . nadia be on the bed with a dictionary . she put it down . she speak very slowly . nadia they go . John . they go . JOHN what 's wrong ? nadia they go . JOHN of course . they go . yes . yes . nadia they go . int . john' sitting room - night John stand at the end of the two sleep bag . yuri I understand . I be so sorry JOHN you can stay tonight . yuri I have bring you trouble . maybe I should have come alone . JOHN good night . alexei stare at John as he back out of the room . int . john' bedroom - night John close he bedroom door and slip back into bed . nadia be already asleep . John lie back in the moonlight , and stare at the ceiling . ext . garden - day a light summer rain . drip fall from rise petal . int . john' bedroom - day John open he eye . he roll over towards nadia , but she 's already up and about . alone in he bedroom , John hold the now - finish jumper up to himself . he try it on . it 's a good four size too big , the arm be too long and it hang down to mid-thigh . he look at himself in the mirror and smile . CUT to : int . stair / hall / kitchen - day he pad downstairs in he pants , pick up he mail from the doormat and peer into the live room . the sleep bag and guitar case have go . about to peruse he mail , he eye be catch by something else . there be a small wild deer stand in the live room . look at he . John stare back at it transfix , when he hear a scream . the deer start and bolt out of the patio door . John be throw . it be a woman 's scream . he go back out and look down the hall . twenty foot away , down the hall , be yuri , sit on the kitchen floor , he back to the cooker . he 's cry . yuri John . you must call the Police . suddenly alexei step between they in the doorway . as he move out of view , we see he be hold he hunt knife . John hear nadia cry out , from inside the kitchen . he drop he mail and rush forward . int . kitchen - day nadia be tie to a chair . alexei pull a gag tight around she mouth and hold the knife to she throat . JOHN what be you do ? alexei shout at yuri in Russian . yuri John , I be sorry . it 's my fault . alexei shout again . nadia be freeze with terror . JOHN what 's he do ? what the fuck be you do ? leave she alone . alexei address John . yuri he say sit down . or he will cut she . alexei and yuri shout at each other . nadia begin cry . yuri sit down please . John sit across the table from nadia . JOHN tell he to stop and let she go , and we will talk . the kettle boil . alexei take the kettle and hold it over nadia 's head . John spring up . JOHN put the fuck kettle down . yuri John . JOHN put the fuck kettle down . tell , yuri , tell he put it down or I be go to make he . yuri translate -- alexei reply . yuri he say you scare he so much he must go to the toilet in he trousers . John , he be a soldier . a train killer . we must do what he say . JOHN what ? what do he want ? alexei speak . JOHN what do he say ? tell I ! yuri he say you be very sad ridiculous man . I do not agree of course . and that you must pay someone to have sex like a prostitute . nadia be a prostitute . I be sorry . JOHN what do he want . the Russian shithead . what do you want ? yuri he want money . JOHN tell he to put the kettle down and I will give he money . yuri translate this for alexei . alexei have a reply . yuri he want a lot of money . JOHN I will give he money . tell he to put the ... yuri he want the money from you bank . JOHN I will fuckin ' give it to he ! we will go down there . yuri you do not understand . he want all the money that be in you bank . JOHN I have get eight hundred pound . oh Jesus . the penny drop . JOHN oh Jesus . yuri he be sure you can do this . of course you can not . JOHN oh Jesus . of course I can not . alexei do not need the translation he tilt the kettle , and a small amount of boil water trickle onto nadia 's hair . she scream through the gag . John try to reach across to she but alexei draw the knife and hold it to he face . JOHN just leave she alone . yuri I be so sorry . JOHN leave she alone . close up on nadia 's terrify eye , implore John to help she . int . / ext . JOHN be car - day John drive grim -face through the morning rain . yuri be next to he stare ahead at the road . alexei be in the back with nadia who be still bound and gag . he 's hold he knife to she rib . int . multi - storey car park - day the car park on the top floor . John turn off the engine . he look at nadia in he rear view mirror but she seem in shock . int . high STREET - day John stride towards we down St. alban High Street , carry the two guitar case , he raincoat flap . his eye look glaze , the busy street sound around he muffle . int . national westminster bank - day the door slide apart and John enter he branch . the place be full of customer . he cheek himself through the security door and into the back . int . OPEN -plan office - day John walk through the open plan office . his branch manager be there with another bank official , and Clare . branch manager ah John . this be Robert moseley , head of South East New Business . Robert , this be John Buckingham . moseley hello John . JOHN hello . branch manager I think you could give we the tour this morning . sort of be we indian guide . JOHN right . moseley ( i.e. the guitar ) do you play ? JOHN yes . I do . clare that 's John . he 's always surprising you with hide talent . moseley I use to be in a band . keyboard . sort of like very loud , uh -- very loud marillion . they laugh . pause . clare ( to John ) well , maestro , give we a tune . they laugh . pause . JOHN I will give you a tune later . the branch manager take John to one side and stage - whisper . branch manager take the ball and run with it John . int . bank corridor - day John lead the team down the corridor past the training room where he colleague be busy with trust and letting go . JOHN this be uh ... this be the uh ... a colleague pass carry a file . passing colleague Morning John . give we a tune . JOHN I will give you a tune later . int . training room - day they enter the training room . JOHN this be where we be do trust and uh ... trust and letting go . moseley we be not do this till the fourth quarter -- have it , uh -- any result , have it be be beneficial ? JOHN yes . clare it 's weird at first . sort of exciting and frightening at the same time . would not you say John ? JOHN yes . branch manager we be start to see result . this be Karen , who 's uh ... take uh ... it . they say hello to each other and moseley ask she a couple of question . JOHN Excuse I . int . corridor - day John nip out and fetch he guitar case . he round the corner , down a couple of step . he check himself into the safe Area . a colleague pass he . colleague Morning John . hey , moseley 's here . JOHN I will give you a tune later . int . safe room door - day John punch in the security code . he open the safe door and go inside , close it behind he . we see he stricken face peer through the toughened glass . int . training room - day Robert moseley fall backwards into the arm of a employee . moseley it 's weird be not it . a little bored perhaps , moseley gaze out through the open door . he see ... int . corridor - day John bowl out of the safe- room backwards heaving two guitar case . one burst open spilling bundle of fifty onto the floor . int . training room - day moseley , the branch manager , Clare , and five trust and letting go catcher all watch ... int . corridor - day John scoops up the money , refasten the case and stand to see they all watch he , as the five trust and letting go faller crash to the ground in unison . ext . side STREET - day John haul ass towards we straight down the middle of the road , a guitar case in either hand , footstep clap loudly on the wet cobble . alarm sound , dog bark . ext . STREET corner - day he skis around a corner , and sprint up this other street . we be close by he head , as he sprint one hundred metre . ext . car park roof - day running flat out across the car park . yuri throw open the car door and John hurl the guitar case inside . he dive in , turn the key in the ignition . the Rover cough and wheeze . he try again . it spit and misfire . the third time it catch and life . John grind the gear and lurch off . int . multi storey car park - day the Rover hurtle down the ramp . ext . STREET - day it careen down a side-street . int . / ext . moving rover - day alexei open one of the case and look inside . he take a deep breath and swear in Russian . he show what be in the case to nadia . her eye widen . alexei gently lower the gag and kiss she on the mouth . she return the kiss hungrily . John spot they in the mirror and nearly crash the car . he look desperately across at yuri . yuri be now point the big knife at John 's rib . the Russian shrug almost apologetically . in the back seat nadia have freed herself and be beginning to pull at alexei 's clothes . they begin make out passionately . John 's eye slowly lose focus . he turn grey , then white . he drive and we watch the life seep out of he . ext . dual carriageway - night Cars tear through the night along the carriage way , past a happy eater . we pan round , across the motorway to a single storey run-down Motel . int . motel chalet 17 - night a crusty motel chalet . yuri and alexei be sit on a double bed count the money . the t.v. be on in the corner with the sound turn down and there be empty miniature from the mini-bar scattered around . nadia appear from the kitchenette area . they all seem more relaxed , more themselves , as if what we have see before be a act . for the first time in the film they conversation appear as English subtitles . nadia so ? alexei say " ssshhh " he be count in he head . he stop . alexei ( to yuri ) you first . yuri fifty thousand . almost exactly . nadia sixty four thousand , eight hundred . alexei there 's over eighty thousand here . they look at each other , absorb the moment . yuri sweet Jesus ... he lie back on the bed and chuckle . alexei put it in the case . Split it up . and do not forget you owe I  150 . yuri what for ? alexei you know what for . yuri no I do not . alexei I get you that trousers from Paul Smith . yuri I have be buy you stuff all week . I have be buy he stuff all week . alexei such as ? nadia be smile at they as they squabble . yuri when we go to the hard rock Cafe . who pay ? when we go to see ' cat ' . who pay ? alexei that be not present . that 's normal friendship stuff yuri I pay for that guitar case . nadia what be ' cat ' like ? yuri it be alright . alexei yeah it be okay . yuri yeah . it be quite good actually . some bit I really like . alexei the set be good . yuri the set be excellent . everything be big , you know , all the rubbish , coke can , sweet wrapper , dustbin , so when you be watch it you feel cat size . it be really clever . yuri go into the bathroom , leave nadia and alexei alone on the bed . alexei run he hand across nadia 's cheek . alexei ( softly ) so. how many time do you have to fuck he ? int . bathroom - night yuri in the bathroom , he undoe he fly pee . at the other end of the bathroom , tie to the bidet , gag , be John . yuri how you do ? John refuse to meet he eye . yuri flush and wipe he hand . yuri I will show you something . it should make all this easier I think . from he back pocket , yuri take out a old envelope . he open it and remove a dozen or so Polaroid . John look down at the first Polaroid . nadia , alexei and a man John do not recognise at a birthday party . there be a cake with candle and everyone be smile . the next picture be the same . and the next . sometimes Germany , sometimes France , but otherwise the picture be the same , each ' fiancee ' beam with he arm round nadia , alexei look on . John study the face of he fellow dupe and at last come to he own picture . despite himself tear come to he eye . yuri not all this bastard be like you , believe I . you should not too feel bad . yuri take John 's leave hand and pull off nadia 's ring . he put it in he pocket . int . motel bedroom - night alexei smoke on the bed . nadia be lie the other way . she hold she hand out for he cigarette and he pass it . they have the relaxed air of longtime lover . subtitles again . nadia it 's enough be not it ? alexei what do you mean ? nadia you know what I mean babe , it 's enough . we can stop . alexei do you want to stop ? nadia yes . alexei we will stop then . they kiss . he take she hand , and notice the tie mark on she wrist . alexei what 's this ? nadia it 's nothing . I burnt myself . alexei that 's not a burn . nadia it be . I do it cooking . they sit there look at each other . alexei on both wrist ? nadia look back at he . the second pass . nadia what ? I do it cooking . alexei study she face . she pull a face . he keep stare . nadia what ? they sit there in silence . alexei be so big , and she be so small . nadia listen , I make you something . nadia lean over the bed , and search in she bag . alexei watch she closely . she come back up with the jumper she have knitted . nadia put it on . he look at the jumper , then back at she . nadia it 's take I week . I want to see you in it . she start pull at he shirt . eventually he pull the jumper on . it fit perfectly . nadia do you like it ? alexei yeah . he be still stare at she . nadia say thank you . alexei thank you . she take he hand . he be still look at she . he stroke he hair . he place he big hand around she throat and hold it there , hold she at arm length . she do not react , but just look levelly back at he . they sit like this for about ten second , look at each other . nadia we be go to have a baby . alexei seem not to relax . he keep he hand there . alexei what ? nadia you hear what I say . I be pregnant . I have be throw up for week . alexei remove he hand . now he seem shocked . he light a cigarette . nadia we be have a baby . pause . alexei a baby ? what be we suppose to do with a baby ? nadia name it . she come to he and hold he . he be still absorb the news . we see alexei 's face over she shoulder , behind she back , unreadable . behind he back she rub she wrist . int . bathroom - night some hour later , it 's dark outside . John still tie to the bidet . the door open a crack and somebody slip inside . we hear the toilet seat go down . as he eye adjust he can dimly see nadia sit on the toilet . she do not look at he . as she finish she finally turn and hold he eye . she stand and slip out the door , leave he alone . ext . dual carriageway - night Cars crawl by on the road outside , they tail - light stretch over the hill . the shot process and fade into dawn and light . the early morning commuter now use the carriageway . int . bathroom - day Bright sunlight pour through a high window . John be still on the toilet . he begin to try to struggle free . after a great deal of fierce deadpan shimmy and pull , he succeed in loosen he binding . freeing a arm , he yank the duct tape from he mouth and sit there panting . the first thing he do be take a pee , then he drink handfuls of water . he catch he reflection but can not look at himself . int . MAIN room - day John collapse in a armchair , rub he eye . he look shattered . the Russians have go . int . motel bathroom - day John in the shower , just stand there , let the water hit he . int . motel MAIN suite - day John dry himself in silence . he pull on he trousers , sit down to do he sock . one sock on , he walk to the smaller bedroom . he open the door and peer inside . int . smaller motel bedroom - day tied to the radiator , gag with duct tape , be nadia . John look down at she . she look away as she eye fill with tear . he sit on the bed face she . they stay like that for a long moment before he reach over and start untying she knot . he peel the tape off she mouth . suddenly he slap she across the face . her head hit the radiator . nadia gasp hard from the shock of the blow . without warning she slap he face , equally hard . this start a long silent fight ; kick , hit , bite , a real struggle . its intensity be almost sexual , but have the edge of real violence . they end up on opposite side of the room , both panting , hurt and beat . nadia ( in English ) great . you have split my fuckin , lip . John lie there on the floor , panting , and he hear the English word . exhausted , John stand , wipe he mouth , and rush she anew . nadia dodge out the way and cuff he painfully on the ear . the whole fight start again and end only when neither have the strength to go on . nadia stagger into the bathroom where she shut the door and begin to sob uncontrollably . John lie on the bed listen to she cry . ext . dual carriageway - day the mid morning traffic flow by on the dual carriageway . int . happy eater - day nadia and John sit in silence in the half empty diner . nadia have a cut lip and a graze on she chin . John have a thousand yard stare and a lesion over he leave cheekbone . the waitress come over . waitress good morning . what can I get you ? nadia I will have a espresso , with a small pastry , a croissant or something . waitress we only do a croissant with the Continental breakfast . nadia just get I a coffee . waitress one coffee . and for you Sir ? John do not answer . nadia he will have a coffee . the waitress leave they . nadia light a cigarette and they sit in tense silence , the pain of betrayal , and recent violence , thick in the air . JOHN you can not smoke in here . nadia ignore he . John bellow JOHN you can't smoke in here ! the diner fall silent , people stare . she take a last drag and crush the butt on the floor . a waitress come over and put down two coffee . nadia I do not expect you to understand . it seem as if John have no intention of replying . he sip he coffee , and put it down . he begin speak very calmly . JOHN oh , I do not know . in my job as deputy Assistant of New Business at the bank would have to listen to the problem of a great many individual . this take a lot of understanding and sympathy , to try to work out solution to they problem . but , you see , I be not in that line of work anymore . nowadays I be a bank robber . nadia you do not understand anything . JOHN I think that about cover it . I think I have grasp the part about you be dumped though . that 's get to hurt , I imagine . that 's get to smart a bit . I mean strictly in my observer 's capacity it seem you two be get on pretty Fucking famously . he sip he coffee . JOHN unless . unless this be part of the routine . you get tie up , stick around , distract I , they both bust in and steal my Cup of coffee . nadia it 's make it easier . okay . JOHN I do not want to know . nadia it make it faster . if I do not speak to the man , they fall faster . it 's pretty obvious why . JOHN that 's a relief . it 's nice to know I be a regular guy . pause . nadia so what be you go to do ? JOHN I be go to drink my coffee . then , we be go to the police station . where there will be lawyer , loss of job , house , humiliation , gutter press , and probably prison . nadia they do not blame you . when a bank employee do this they understand . you get you life back . anyway I bet you hate that bank . JOHN even so I always feel the decision to burst in and rob it very much remain with I . nadia why else would you send off for I ? if you just want sex just go to a prostitute . JOHN well as it turn out I do . she slap he face . he slap hers back . the waitress come over . waitress more coffee ? JOHN yes please . nadia no. she pour for John . JOHN splendid . thank you . waitress pleasure . she smile and leave they . John watch she walk away . nadia John , I need you help . this really tickle John . he have to put he coffee down . JOHN you must think ... I be the biggest pillock ... in the world . nadia no I do not . JOHN in the world . nadia I know you just want to punish I -- JOHN I do . I want to very badly . nadia so you be just go to be vindictive JOHN in every sense . if at all possible . nadia you can not hurt I more than I be hurt already . JOHN well , nadia , it it 's all the same to you , I would like to give it a bash . pause . nadia my name be not nadia . John stare back at she . ext . happy eater car park - day John drag she by the arm across the car-park towards the Rover . ext . outside police station John drag she out of the Rover . she wrestle she arm free and walk up the step on she own , with some dignity . John follow she . int . police station duty desk - day they sit side by side in the wait room , not talk . nadia look resign to she fate . John be tight - jaw , unyield . they wait as the the duty sergeant deal with a woman who 's lose she hat . nadia ( quietly , to John ) where 's the restroom ? JOHN what ? nadia I be go to be sick . where 's the ... JOHN what ? no you be not .. nadia I be go ... I be ... I be go to be sick . JOHN ( overlap ) no you be not . how ... Nice one . how dumb do you think I be ? nadia stand and address the duty sergeant . nadia where 's the restroom ? sergeant the what , love ? nadia the toilet . where 's ... sergeant down there on the leave . she head off . John spring up . he seize she arm as casually as possible . int . police station corridor - day John frog march nadia down the corridor to the lady . she wrestle she arm free again and disappear inside . John lurk outside . he seem certain she 's get one leg out the window right now . he can not bear it any longer . he look both way and nip inside . int . lady - day stand in the lady , John hear nadia in a cubicle , throw up . he hear the toilet flush . nadia come out . he look at she . JOHN you be pregnant . nadia look at the floor . int . police corridor - day John walk out of the toilet and stand against the wall of the corridor . he look both way . after a few second nadia appear in the corridor . they stand there . John be not look at she . a policeman appear from round the corner , and walk towards they . he stop , and address John . policeman can I help you ? John look at the policeman , then at nadia . the second pass . policeman Sir ? can I help you ? John be still look at nadia -- he close he eye . JOHN no . ext . outside police station - day John walk back to the Rover , nadia behind . they reach the car . nadia look at John over the roof of the car . nadia what be you do ? John look sick . he speak very quietly . JOHN get in the car . he get inside . nadia be leave stand there . she get in too . int . / ext . JOHN be car - day John drive with nadia in the passenger seat . she be look across at he . he be take no notice . nadia plenty of woman have baby in prison . John ignore she . nadia ( tersely ) you do not have to do this . I can look after myself . JOHN ( flatly ) have you get you passport ? nadia what ? JOHN shut up . have you get you passport ? nadia yes . they drive along . JOHN we have get to get off this motor- way . ext . motorway junction - day from above we watch the car turn off the motorway , around a roundabout and into a country B road . int . car - day John be turn the page in he Road atlas . he be try to drive and map read at the same time . nadia be look out of the window . soon a big tear roll down she cheek . she start to cry . John glance up from he map but ignore it . but she keep cry . he toss the map in the back , pull the car to the side of the road and switch off the engine . as nadia cry , John gaze impassively out of the window . this go on for almost a minute , until nadia pull herself together , when without look across John restart the engine and pull away . ext . country road - day John 's car pull off a B road , into a slip road into a garage . ext . petrol station - day stern -face , John fill the car up with petrol . he eye the close - circuit . JOHN give I some money . nadia I do not have any money . John stop squeezing petrol . JOHN what ? nadia I say I do not have any . John stare at nadia . he eye the cctv . JOHN give I you sunglass . nadia pass they and John put they on , try to look casual . he give the pump a couple more squirt , hang it up , nonchalantly sidle up to he door . in one move he open it , dive in , turn the key in the ignition . the Rover cough . he try it again . it howl , bark and sneeze . the attendant come out onto the forecourt and start approach the yellow Rover . miraculously it roar throatily to life , he floor it and the Rover tear away from the station and off down the road int . moving car - day we see John at the wheel of he Rover , sunglass on , wind in he hair , flee from the scene of the crime . nadia watch he in the late sunshine , but John be too busy make a getaway to notice . ext . country lane - day John 's car shimmer as it come over the brow of a remote country lane , surround by field and roll hill . int . / ext . car ( moving ) - day nadia put a cigarette in she mouth and pop the dashboard lighter . John take the cigarette and throw it out the window , follow by the lighter . nadia just gaze out of the window . JOHN so , uh , alexei , which I know be not he name ... nadia I do not want to talk about he . JOHN Fine . nadia it 's none of you business . JOHN Fine . absolutely . must be disappoint though . must come as a hell of a shock . nadia ignore he . JOHN so uh ... nadia look , if you want to know be he better in bed than you then yes he be . JOHN oh Jesus . nadia if what you want to know be do he have a bigger cock than you , then yes he do . JOHN ( overlap -- bigger ) of course . of course . of course he do . of course . thank you . thanks . nadia but , you know , so what ? they drive . JOHN it 's he baby I take it . she do not answer . JOHN not the kid type then be he ? not that broody . you must be pretty miff . nadia he will come back . JOHN Excuse I ? nadia he leave I my passport and ticket . it 's pretty clear he want to see I again . JOHN yeah . I tend to tie up and abandon woman I really want to see again too . nadia no . but you tend to tie they up . John freeze . he look across . nadia give nothing back . JOHN fuck off . nadia be just look at he . JOHN fuck off . you start it . she be just look at he . JOHN I do not want to talk about it . nadia why not ? JOHN shut up . I be not listen . nadia you do not want to talk about it . JOHN no . nadia okay we will not talk about it . nadia look out the window . nadia we will pretend it never happen . JOHN so . what 's it like have to fuck man you hate ? nadia I do not hate you . JOHN okay . let 's ... okay . okay . you have have sex with people you do not like have not you ? for money . to make money . nadia and ? what be you say ? JOHN and . it 's wrong . nadia and who say what be wrong . JOHN and that would be moral . that would be one 's own moral sense of decency . nadia what 's a moral orgasm John ? tell I how it feel exactly . JOHN so . what then ? you just detach sex from everything .. nadia whereas " wet and ' Wild " be a emotional journey . " tied and tethere " . it 's pretty move huh ? like Anna karenina . JOHN listen . I do not go root around in you private stuff . John remember he do . nadia look across knowingly . nadia funny . usually it 's the first thing they do . pause . JOHN so what ? do you just switch off in you head or do you imagine you be with he , or what ? nadia sometimes . JOHN sometimes which ? nadia sometimes neither . JOHN some ... what do that mean ? nadia there 's nothing wrong in like sex , John . JOHN I do not like sex . I do not think I will be have sex ever again . nadia why ? JOHN well , it 's just that the think try to charm up a erection in front of a woman , or alone for that matter , make I want to die . nadia so now you hate all woman ? JOHN I think it 's my safest bet , do not you ? nadia oh . I think you will recover okay . I think you get what you pay for . John look across . JOHN what ? nadia you ... JOHN I get what I pay for . nadia you do not mind too much . pause . JOHN ( quietly ) it be not what I want . nadia so what do you want ? I think we understand each other , no ? JOHN ( quietly ) you do not understand I . nadia you do not understand you either . John turn to she . nadia it 's no big thing . you be the same as most man . you be a man so you be a savage . not a monster , but half animal . you put on a tie and you go to the bank , but really you be a beast . but also you be from woman so you have a soul . half beast , half soul . but you hide you beast in the bottom of the wardrobe . it 's not so healthy . it 's fuck you up , no ? John stop the car . JOHN get out . she sit there . nadia Excuse I ? JOHN get out nadia you be throw I out . JOHN get out . she collect she bag from the back seat , she cigarettes , gather up she belonging , click open the door and get out , leave the shot . John sit there stare ahead . we hear she voice offscreen . nadia ( o.s. ) you prefer you woman mute . John turn the key in the ignition . the engine bellow and scream . silence . he try again . the engine shriek and wail like a soul in torment . a terrible , mournful grind noise . silence . nadia ( o.s. ) car trouble ? John try to start it . it let out a whimper , a cry , a few juddering move sob , and die . John sit in he dead car . he shake he head . he rub he face . he sit there . ext . roadside verge - dusk the two of they on a verge ten foot apart . John stare into the distance . nadia study the map . nadia it 's another twenty mile . it 's go dark . she get she holdall from inside the car and stuff the map inside . nadia what now ? nadia scan the horizon with she binocular . John watch she . JOHN Jesus . you be not even on the plane . nadia lower she binocular and look at John . flashback - int . airport - day John watch the passenger stream out of the arrival gate . a woman be greet and spun around . across the airport , nadia lower she binocular . we pull back to see she be stand next to alexei . they say goodbye in Russian . even though we do not see subtitles , it 's a tell exchange . she kiss he , and he watch she leave he and walk across the floor . alexei watch nadia approach John , and see he shake she hand . they walk away together . flashback - ext . john' STREET - night alexei , dress in a suit , stand outside John 's house , look up . nadia be in the window , she lipstick smear . they gaze at each other . ext . different forest - night in a clear , John watch nadia carry a pile of stick to a fire she be building . she light it with she gun cigarette lighter , and tease the flame to life . ext . forest - night John and nadia sit by the fire . she sit wrap up to she neck in a blanket . nadia you know , in Russia , there 's no work for woman . it 's a different world . JOHN ( interrupt on " different " ) you do not have to say anything nadia ( overlap on " say " ) what ? I ... I be not say ... JOHN ( overlap on " say " ) please , there 's no ... oh. nadia I be not say anything . JOHN then okay . ( pause ) so how old be you when you meet he ? pause . nadia Fifteen . you do not know he . he be very kind and strong . JOHN yeah . he 's a smash bloke . nadia the rest of the world , John , it 's not all like St. alban . JOHN thank Christ for that . nadia you be pretty naive if you think it be . JOHN I be pretty naive ? look at you . you have to do all this , and what have you get to show for it ? nothing . nadia I do not have nothing . JOHN well what have you get ? pause . nadia I have my baby . they sit there in the lap firelight . JOHN do you know if it 's a boy or a girl ? nadia no. JOHN have you have any before ? nadia no. JOHN be you scared ? nadia not really . maybe a little . a fox cry out in the night . nadia listen . I think it 's a fox . she listen . it cry out again . she get out she binocular . nadia it sound close . she look through they and search the brush . John watch nadia with she binocular . he look suddenly very sad . nadia I can not see anything . it 's too dark . she put they back in she bag . John watch she . he see she wrist again . she light a cigarette , and blow the smoke into the air . nadia what happen between you and the blonde ? JOHN what ? nadia the thin ... the girl with small eye . the one in you cupboard . JOHN it 's none of you business . she do not have small eye . nadia do she leave you ? come on . it 's nothing to be ashamed of . who do she leave you for ? you best friend ? her boss ? a woman ? do she leave you for a woman , John ? JOHN she 's dead . pause . nadia I be sorry . I do not mean to hurt you . I be sorry . that 's awful . forgive I . pause . nadia I be sorry . JOHN I do not know why I say that . she 's not dead at all . nadia look at John . nadia what ? JOHN I do not know why I say it . I be sorry . nadia she 's alive ? nadia start to laugh . Long and loud . we have never see she laugh before . nadia she 's alive !! she be not dead ? JOHN laugh it up . she start to cough . she get on she hand and knee and cough like fury . JOHN you should stop smoking . you be pregnant . you smoke like a fuck lab dog . nadia I be try to quit . JOHN I have get news for you . it 's not work . nadia I smoke more this day . I smoke more when I be unhappy . JOHN nobody 's that unhappy . nadia maybe I want to die . do not you want I to die ? JOHN I do not want anyone to die . nadia except for small eye . JOHN except for small eye . she laugh again . nadia so why do it end ? John think . it look as if he 's go to tell the whole story . in the end he shrug . JOHN I do not know . nadia what be she name ? JOHN what 's you name ? the fox cry out again . nadia listen . it 's definitely a fox . now I be scared . they listen to the fox cry in the night . nadia you know you can come under the blanket . JOHN it 's alright . the scene from bird 's eye view . John lie back and stare at the star . nadia curl up on the other side of the fire , and hug herself . we push down closer and closer until we be on John 's face . the theme return . the cricket boy from John 's Close stand in a line in the middle of the street , bath in flash blue light . we pan round and end on John 's house . it be surround with Police . Police car , Police van , plastic police tape " police line . do not cross . " John 's neighbour press against the tape as officer come and go . Inside the house be full of police , ransack he possession and dusting fingerprint . a policeman be stand read the English -russian dictionary . we push on upstairs and along the landing to the spare room . a officer dump a pile of porno magazine and video on the bed . he then spot the belt tie to the bedstead and point they out to a detective . they exchange a know grin . a photographer step up and snap the paraphernalia in a blind flash . the birthday cake be there , half eat . a policewoman put it in a baggy . we pan across the bed , across the magazine and underwear in plastic bag , down below the bed , where we find the photograph of nadia with the binocular . the young girl smile hopefully out at we from the past . early dawn . a woodpigeon coo . John wake up next to the dead fire . nadia be go . ext . forest slope / stream - day John slide down a rocky slope . he scan the forest , but there 's no - one around . he hurry through high bracken then stop suddenly by a large oak . ext . stream - day in a pool in a stream below , nadia be wash herself . she have she back to we . John watch she for a moment , before he eye avert , and he head bow . ext . field - day a shimmer sun . a giant combine harvester cut a wide swathe through a field of high corn . as it pass we find John and nadia come towards we through the heat haze . they be not speak and both look tired . as they pass we crane up out of the corn to catch a enormous 757 jumbo jet just above we , come into land . we pan round to see , half a mile away , the massive airport beyond . they walk towards it , two tiny figure . CUT to : aeroflot 1311 . board Gate 12. int . airport - night a attendant push a train of trolley past . businessman talk into mobile phone . nadia I have get a hour . can I buy you a coffee ? JOHN no . I think I better just go . nadia okay . thank you . JOHN whatever . nadia hesitates . there 's just a touch of regret in this goodbye . nadia John . this be for you . she hand he the binocular case . JOHN yeah . no thanks . nadia please . why not ? JOHN because it be a lie . she smile . nadia no it be not . John shrug . he take they . nadia Goodbye . John nod and turn . nadia watch he walk away . int . / ext . airport exit - night on the other side of the airport , John stand in front of the exit to the taxi rank . he 's get nowhere to go . passenger swirl around he . he look at the binocular in he hand . he remove the binocular and look at they . suddenly he stop . in the case be a fold note mark John . John hold it in he hand -- slowly , deliberately , he screw it up , and drop it in the case like a bin . p.o.v. of JOHN through the binocular . passenger criss -cross , but we find nadia sit alone , wait for she call . John lower the binocular and gaze across the airport . he raise they for one last look . nadia , glimpse through the crowd . we spy someone stand about twenty foot behind she . it be alexei . we watch alexei approach she . she look up and be completely throw . yuri stand about ten foot away , in shade . John lower the binocular , horrify . he look again . nadia pull she arm away . alexei crouch down in front of she and put a hand on she knee , coax she . alexei take she by the arm and lead she away . ext . airport - night John hurry out of the exit to catch the trio leave a different exit fifty yard away , where they get into a taxi . ext . airport - night John run across a car park and over a low fence . ext . slip road to airport - night he chase down a slip road , as the taxi round the corner behind we . he take cover behind a van as they drive past , and away . ext . grass verge - night John run across a grass verge and another car park . he see the taxi round the corner and head down the road in front of he . John run as fast as he can up this road , but the taxi be get away . eventually he give up , and he drive away . ext . roundabout - night at the roundabout it turn round and start come back up the road . John hide behind a car , and watch the taxi pull up outside a small hotel about fifty yard away . he watch the trio head into the hotel . ext . HOTEL perimeter - night John skirt around the edge of the hotel . he peer in through one of the window . it 's the foyer . he head around the back . ext . back of HOTEL - night at the back of the hotel he look through another couple of window . suddenly he drop like he 's be shot , and sit on the grass . warily he look again . ext . / int . the view through the window alexei stand smoking in the middle of the room . nadia be sit in a chair cry . alexei kneel again and appeal to she . nadia be resisting and yell back , but something alexei say seem to melt she resolve . he hold she face , and kiss it . she turn she face . he try again , and this time she accept the kiss . slowly she kiss he back . ext . outside alexei be suite - night John stare through the window at the scene . int . inside alexei be suite - night in the room , yuri pop he head round the door and say something to alexei . alexei say he 's come . he kiss nadia again and leave . nadia be alone . she look very sad and confuse . she move towards the window and stare out into the blackness . ext . outside alexei be suite - night John 's face at the window . almost cheek to cheek with nadia . int . inside alexei be suite - night Inside the room , look out . it be pitch black . ext . outside alexei be suite - night John watch nadia walk over to the dresser and search the drawer . she go over to the bed and look under the pillow . there she find what she be look for . alexei 's hunt knife . she hear alexei come and stand hard against the window . the huge knife behind she back . ext . outside alexei be suite - night John outside . he be four inch from the knife . JOHN oh Jesus . John duck down , panting , swallow hard . at once he spring up and skirt the building again . he find a window to the next suite . he try to force it open . suddenly yuri 's face appear in the window , cup by he hand peer out into the blackness . John drop down hold he breath . John scramble back to the previous window . with real effort he press it open . he pull himself up and drop inside . int . alexei be bedroom - night nadia still stand by the window , one hand behind she back . alexei sit on the bed . the scene be subtitle . alexei I love you . I do not need to tell you that . nadia look at the floor . alexei I would not leave my child would I ? you know that . I be confuse . that 's all . int . alexei be bathroom / hallway - night John open the bathroom door a crack . he be at the opposite end of a corridor from the bedroom . he can hear alexei 's voice . breathe hard , he tiptoe out and stand in the corridor , he back press hard against the wall . he take one step down the hall . the floor creak loudly . int . alexei be suite - night alexei it be not easy for I . you know what I be like . I need to know what I want . now I know . it 's simple . I be happy . int . alexei be suite hallway - night John take another step down the hallway . there , by the door be the two guitar case full of money . next to they be nadia 's bag . crouch , John open the bag and search inside . he find what he be look for ; the Silver cigarette lighter - pistol . we hear the Russian lover ' voice next door . John be absolutely terrify , breathe hard and shaking , hold the little gun . int . alexei be suite - night alexei you still love I ? eh ? of course you do . come here . yuri will not be here for a while . come on babe . he take he shirt off -- nadia glance up -- with horror , she see John in the doorway . alexei turn to see John stand by the door , hold a little silver gun . nadia what be you do here ? John and nadia look at each other . alexei what the fuck be he do here ? he look at the little gun . alexei that 's that cigarette lighter I give you be not it ? alexei stand . John take a step back . alexei walk calmly towards John and throw a punch . it catch John right on the chin and he hit the wall and go down very fast . nadia stop . alexei turn round to see nadia hold the knife . he be dumbstruck . alexei what ? what be you do ? nadia ( to John ) what be you do here ? alexei kick John in the rib . nadia ( in Russian ) stop it ! he look at nadia , the girl he come back for , angrily point the knife at he . he suddenly look completely puncture . John have struggle up again and stand behind he . they be both look at nadia . alexei what . you be what ? you be with this creep now . nadia leave he ! alexei you have . you have actually fall for this prick . nadia no I have not . alexei look dumbstruck . he laugh emptily alexei Babe it 's I . I will not let you get away . nadia stare back at he . the second pass . she speak in a whisper . nadia I will kill you if you try . in the impasse , John pick up a lamp and hurl it at alexei 's head . it be go to hit he , but reach the length of its cord and stop six inch short . in the confusion . alexei grab nadia 's wrist and force she to the ground . he grab the knife , just as John brain he with one of the guitar . it emit a fruity final chord . int . HOTEL corridor / alexei be suite - night whistle , yuri come out of he suite , knock briskly on the door of alexei 's and enter . we walk with he down the hallway into the bedroom to find alexei , heartbroken , tie and bound to a desk chair . yuri murmur something in Russian . subtitle fuck a duck . CUT to : int . alexei be suite - night nadia stand at the window and stare at she reflection , or past it into the blackness . nadia get they passport . John finish tie up yuri , and remove he passport from he jacket . behind nadia another plane arc up into the night sky . he take alexei 's passport from he pocket , but alexei be only watch nadia . alexei do not do this . she carefully place tape across he mouth . almost as if have second thought she bend down to kiss he cheek . the ' kiss ' suddenly make alexei 's eye widen in pain . as she stand she lip be bloody . she 's bitten he on the cheek . a single streak of blood run from the gash . nadia ( to John ) get you money . John collect the case and they head for the door . nadia stop to look back at alexei . a final look . ext . airport - night the front of the terminal . taxis pull up and idle at a rank , bring traveler to they flight . the automatic door slide back and forth . int . airport checking in desk - night announcement ( v.o. ) last call for aeroflot flight 1311 to Moscow . proceed immediately to Gate 12 . John carry the guitar case full of money . nadia just have she small camouflage hold all . they walk quickly together in silence and come to a stop at the departure lounge gate 12 . JOHN be you okay ? she nod . JOHN okay . Goodbye . nadia Goodbye . they shake . JOHN what will you do now ? nadia shrug . nadia something else . JOHN okay . promise ? she look at he . nadia promise . they stand around . she take the last cigarette from a pack . JOHN you can probably buy they on the flight . nadia I be quit . this will be my last one . so. Goodbye . JOHN Goodbye . nadia you do not deserve I John Buckingham . JOHN whatever . nadia I be sorry . JOHN please . pause . nadia you prefer you woman ... she seem about to say something more when the tannoy interrupt . announcement ( v.o. ) Gate close for Flight 1311 to Moscow . please have you ticket ready . she lean forward and kiss he . as they kiss , John put a guitar case in she hand . nadia look down at the case . nadia it 's not mine . JOHN it 's not mine either . nadia it 's what you come back for . John frown and look a little embarrassed . she speak to he in Russian and we see the subtitles . nadia ( in Russian ) you be a big surprise , you know . pause . JOHN yeah , you see when I say I do not speak Russian I be not actually just make it up . she lean forward and whisper in he ear . John look at she . he look to the four corner of the airport . and back at she . JOHN why ? nadia I be not ask you to marry I . JOHN no. what ? no. I know . nadia it 's more like a date . JOHN it 's a long way to go for a date . nadia tell I about it . pause . she speak softly in Russian . we see the subtitle : nadia all that matter be to try ... John frown . nadia ( in Russian ) we can only try . say it . John repeat the phrase in Russian . JOHN what do it mean ? nadia maybe you will find out . pause . nadia kneel and open the guitar case . she stealthily remove about five hundred . nadia hurry . I will wait for you here . JOHN right . int . ticket sale - night John run across the airport to the ticket desk . he join a queue of about three people . he work he way to the front . JOHN be the flight full ? official I be sorry Sir . I believe the flight be close . JOHN please check . be it full ? please could you check . back to : int . airport - night nadia stand alone hold she unlit cigarette , think . she look at the two guitar case at she foot . she look across at John , anxiously drum on the ticket sale counter . what be she think ? int . ticket sale - night close shot on the photo of yuri in he passport . the aeroflot desk official hold the passport and study at John . with he four day beard there be a resemblance , but it 's far from perfect . official you have excellent English . JOHN thanks . official how do you want to pay ? JOHN Cash . John collect he ticket , turn and head back to where he leave nadia with the guitar case . he suddenly stop . she 's go . he look all around . people swirl about . she 's nowhere to be see . John hang he head . he turn , and walk away . int . airport cafe - night John sit at a cafe table , and watch the people come and go . he look strangely calm , resign . close up : John 's finger uncrumple the note from the binocular case . he smooth it on the table , then open it . Inside be write a short phrase in Russian : kam kapsi schta . John look at the note . he fold it close and survey the airport for a exit . through the crowd , fifty foot away , get a light off two policeman ; it 's she . nadia blow out smoke , and speak to the policeman . John watch she . he smile . suddenly she turn and point straight at John . the policeman look straight at he . as they head towards he , nadia pick up the case and walk away . John sit freeze as the Police approach . police 1 Excuse I Sir ... he take John by the arm . John stand . police 2 okay . come with we now . police 1 he do not speak English . he 's epileptic or something . police 2 can he walk ? can you walk ? the policeman help John to the front of the gate , where he be show to the front of the queue . the policeman explain to the airline staff . we see that nadia be one behind in the queue . the Police turn and walk away . int . airport boarding gate - flight 1311 to moscow - day John push he passport and ticket under the perspex window . he glance at nadia , then look at the young airport official , the blood beat in he ear . for a few interminable second the official 's eye burn into John . John turn to nadia and hold she gaze . JOHN kam . kapsi . schta . the subtitle appear : you have save I . nadia look down at the floor . she smile . close shot : the passport be snap shut and push back through . int . airport boarding corridor - day John walk without look back . he turn to see nadia be behind he . as they round the corner , she hand he a case . they walk side by side without speak . both look forward , straight - face , as it both be think about what it be that they be actually do . John look back once , but he keep walk . he look across at nadia , but she do not look back . they stop opposite the automatic board door . nadia turn to John . nadia my name 's Sophia . JOHN Sophia . hello Sophia . mine 's still John . sophia hello John . the door slide open . John and Sophia walk through , and disappear . sfx . the roar of jet engine . ext . airport runway - night with a deafen roar , a aeroflot boe 757 lift slowly from the runway and climb up into the night sky , where it become a distant star . ext . field - day a distant aeroplane in a cobalt blue sky , through binocular . the young girl from the very first scene lower the binocular and let they hang around she neck . she squint up at the sun . a voice call she . woman' voice nadia ! the girl look round . woman' voice nadia ! she run past we and we follow to see a couple sit on the grass have a picnic . the girl hurry towards they and we realise the couple be John and Sophia , the girl she child . she sit down with they . the end