untitled pirate project by Jonathan E. Steinberg & Robert Levine 2nd draft - 9/28/11 black . Silent . the void . until -- a faint flame SPARKS to life . feeble . wheezing as it struggle to breath . and move ... the tiny flame crawl across the darkness ... until it disappear for a moment ... and then -- kaboom ! smash to : ext merchant ship - day -- where smoke billow out of the just -fired cannon of this trading vessel . on the deck , sailor move urgently to they station . almost to a man , they look good and scared ... except , that be , for - - the merchant captain , stand on the quarterdeck . glaring out towards the sea defiantly , where we see -- a pirate ship , bear down on we . just a few hundred yard away . a black banner fly from its mainmast ... a first mate approach the merchant Captain -- first mate two hit , sir . minimal damage . they hull be too thick ... the Captain do not respond . the mate continue , hesitant -- first mate ( cont 'd ) it 's he , sir , be not it ...? the Captain raise he spyglass , and we see through it -- Pov - the pirate 's black flag . not the jolly Roger you be expect . a full skeleton . in one hand , a sword . in the other , a hourglass . back to the captain , who lower the glass . his silence confirm the mate 's worst fear ... first mate ( cont 'd ) it 's not too late , sir ... perhaps if we strike color -- merchant captain this be my ship . you will defend she . or you will hang from she yardarm . ( then ) prepare to repel border . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 2 . the Captain stride off . off the mate , shake , we go -- across the deck , where sailor swirl about prepping the ship . among they , we find one man without a job to do . this be the shipus cook ( doughy , 40s ) . look out at the approach ship , he 's nervous . edgy . as the mate direct man to they station , the cook sneak off in the other direction ... int . merchant ship - captain quarter - moment later close on - a captain be log , as it 's yank from a shelf . reveal the cook , as he open the log , flip rapidly through the page . look for something . running out of time . finally , he find the page he be look for . rip it out , roll it up , insert it into a SMALL leather pouch ... int . merchant ship - below deck - moment later the cook emerge , try to blend in . head down a corridor , but quickly have to take cover as he 's almost steamrolled by -- a throng of men emerge from the armory , carry cutlass , rifle -- the cook hide -- wait for they to pass ... the coast clear , he emerge . and take note of the armory , and its heavy iron door ... int . merchant ship - armory - same the cook enter . it 's empty . he exhales . but as he turn to shut the door -- it 's stick . he give it a shove , but the door shove back -- the door then burst inward , knock the cook on he ass . ( he do not notice that the mysterious pouch slip out of he coat , and slide under a table ... ) a young sailor enter . 20 . handsome . he spot the cook down on he ass . the sailor wince regretfully ... young sailor sorry . the Young sailor shut the door . lock the deadbolt . cook what be you do ? why be not you up there with the crew ? young sailor I think the better question be , why be not they all down here with we ? you could get kill up there ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 3 . cook so you be a coward then ? young sailor yes . you too ? cook I be no coward ! I be a cook , I have no station to man . what do you think this crew will do when they find out you abandon yours ? young sailor well if they be dead , and I be still alive ... I x11 like my chance . suddenly , the noise from above stop . eerie silence . the cook then turn back to the sailor , and grin a nasty grin . cook if you fight , at least you death will be a quick one ... ( off the sailor 's look ) when the pirate take this ship , and find you down here ... they will show you immeasurable cruelty . young sailor torture ...? the cook sense the sailor 's fear , run with it . cook do you not know who that be out there ? ext . pirate ship - day we first good look at the pirate ship , close in ... menace ... we get a clear look at it 's black pennant --— cook ( v.o. ) that ship fly the banner of Captain flint ... and we then pull back to reveal we be on the deck of -- ext . merchant ship - same where it 's desert . not a soul above deck . except for the first mate , stand by the door of the quarterdeck cabin ( a makeshift bunker at the stern of the ship . ) untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 4 . cook ( 0.s. ) a monster so violent and cruel , it 's say even blackbeard himself shudder at he mention ... the mate watch as the pirate ship close in ... a pirate sniper take a potshot at the mate -- miss by inch . the mate recoil . realize he 's out of time ... he make the sign of the cross , then enter the bunker , and slam the door -- int . merchant ship - armory - same cook and sailor , alone in the armory . cook and he crew ... bloodthirsty savage , eager and willing to do he bid ... young sailor ( beat ) be not this you problem , too ? cook good cook be in short supply . even for criminal . they will take I in . but you ... cower below deck to dodge a fight ? they will gut you for sport . the sailor consider that a moment . then -- young sailor I do not know ... I be one of that people that 's hard to dislike ... on the cook , get frustrated . the moment be break by the sound of multiple thud up above ... off cook and sailor -- int . merchant ship - bunker - day grappling hook fly over the bulwark of the merchant ship , landing on the deck with a series of thud , before be pull tight ... strain ... pull we closer to the pirate ship ... pull back to reveal we 're in -- the quarterdeck bunker , look out through a small loophole . it 's cramped in here . dark. merchant sailor ( include the first mate ) peer out of the loophole , rifle at the ready . on the merchant captain , at the rear of the crowded bunker . nervous . wait . listen to the sound of the grappling rope strain , as he ship be haul in by the Pirates . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 5 . around he , sailor hold cutlass , axe ... in case the bunker be breach . first mate collision up ! and as the pirate ship finally slam into the merchant ship -- int . merchant ship - armory - same the cook and sailor be throw to the ground from the collision ... as they fall , we see the leather pouch slide out of he hide place , into the open . meanwhile -- int . merchant ship - quarterdeck bunker - same the sailor right themselves , resume they position by the loophole -- peer out to see -- pirate -- swarm onto the deck -- among they , they pirate captain , identifiable even at this distance by the way he confidently direct and position he man ... young sailor Jesus Christ ... that 's he be not it ? merchant captain Fire ! the gunmen FIRE they musket through the loophole . but the Pirates respond ... throw smoke grenade onto the merchant ship deck ... quickly , the deck be cover in a haze of smoke . the Pirates disappear into it . and all go silent . the merchant Captain stare out into the smoke . beat . merchant captain ( cont 'd ) powder box . on my command . by he foot , a runner nod , before ducking down a ladder to -- the sub deck , where the runner silently signal another sailor , station down a narrow corridor ... then another ... until the silent message finally reach -- a galley full of trigger men ... a dozen or so , space out in the dark . lit only by the faint flame from they hot irons . each stand by a fuse dangle from the ceiling ... lead to booby trap on the deck above ... back in the bunker , with the Captain , as he peer out into the silent smoky haze . listen . wait for some signal as to the pirate position ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 6 . merchant captain ( cont 'd ) come closer , bastard ... the silence persist . the tension build . and we go : int . merchant ship - armory - same where the cook and the sailor be dusting themselves off , the ship quiet for the moment . the cook notice , however , that the sailor be holding the mysterious pouch he drop ... cook give I that ... sailor what be it ? cook it 's nothing . give it to I ! the cook snatch the pouch from the sailor 's hand , stuff it back into he coat . the sailor , be no dummy -- sailor do not seem like nothing . maybe when Mr. flint get here , he can decide if it 's nothing . cook ( beat ; icily ... ) you would not want to do that ... sailor no ? why not ? the cook pull a cutlass off a rack , with a loud sccrrrrite . sailor ( cont 'd ) oh. and as the cook take a hack at the sailor , we CUT back to : int . merchant ship - subdeck - same back with the trigger Men , iron at the ready . above , they can hear the faint sound of footfalls . creak in the wood . the pirate be right above we ... from up the corridor , the silent signal arrive -- the trigger men light there fuse -- back in the bunker , the Captain wait for the sound of explode pirate ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 7 . but there be no bang . no nothing . just silence . the Captain turn to the runner by he foot -- merchant captain I tell you to fire the mine ! runner we do , sir . on the Captain ... start to get that sink feel ... merchant captain how do he do that ...? first mate Sir . we may still have time -- merchant captain ( ignore he ) that mine be hide . proofed against tamper . a dozen of they . first mate Sir , if we do not surrender now , flint will kill we all --! the Captain quickly produce a pistol -- point it in the mate face . a tense beat . thing get out of hand , rapidly ... but the moment be break by -- a faint kaboom of a cannon fire in the distance ... follow quickly by a loud crack of impact . then silence . look exchange -- what the hell be that ? the Men all crowd up to the loophole ... peer out ... and then they hear -- a deep , horrible groan ... like from some kind of monster ... goosebump all around the bunker . the Captain then see something out in the smoke ... he inch closer to he portal to get a better look ... just in time to see something come this way ... something huge ... the groan crescendoe . the Captain 's eye go wide ... he spring for cover just as -- the ship 's mainmast crash into the bunker -- shatter the reinforce wall and roof -- in the merchant captain 's Pov ... blind by the light pour though the gape hole in he bunker ... he ear ringing from the SHOCK of the collapse ... he watch as -- pirate storm through the open , emerge out of the smoke ... and as sword begin to clang together in anger -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 8 . int . merchant ship - armory - same with the sailor , wind , as he dodge another cutlass swipe . sailor look , I get it . whatever you have get there , it 's obviously very valuable . cook you can not even imagine -- the cook swing again , force the sailor to duck . sailor hey -- let 's be reasonable . what 's say I do not breathe a word of this to anyone ... deal ? the cook summon all he strength , finally tackle the sailor to the ground . the sailor and the cook grapple , the cook 's bulk give he the advantage ... pin the sailor down ... cook it 's too late for that now ... the cook raise the cutlass -- off the sailor 's panicked look -- int . merchant ship - quarterdeck bunker - same Pirates and sailor , in close quarter combat ... the merchant Captain watch , stunne ... his man fight the Pirates with sword , axe , fist ... Chaos ... the Captain fix on one particular pirate . a giant of a man . make quick work of defender after defender ... come this way ... the merchant Captain be paralyze with fear ... the giant near ... raise he cutlass ... and just as he 's about to bring it down on the Captain 's head -- clang ! someone deflect the giant 's sword into a bulkhead ... reveal that someone be -- the pirate captain . flint . he and the giant exchange a contentious glare with each other . flint I believe we have make we point . ( to the merchant Captain ) have not we ? off the merchant Captain , more than ready to surrender ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 9 . int . merchant ship - corridor - later below deck , the fight now over . a few pirate search the belly of the ship for cargo . at they lead be a older pirate , whom we will later meet as gate ( 60 ) . they reach a lock door ... the armory . a pirate with the axe hack it OPEN , to reveal -- the sailor , stare innocently back at he . and at the sailor 's foot , be the cook . face down . Dead . with the cutlass sticking up through he back . gate what happen to he ? sailor he could not handle the think of what you might do to he . ( then ) I , on the other hand , would very much like to join you crew . tight on the sailor -- sailor ( JOHN silver ) ( cont 'd ) my name be John Silver . and I happen to be a very good cook ... and off JOHN silver , we dissolve to : ext . merchant ship - deck - later the merchant Captain have be tie to the mainmast . nearby , he crew ( save Silver ) be herde together . the giant we see slashing he way through the bunker approach the crew . they do they best not to cower ... but then , giant speak -- singleton you have nothing to fear from he now . we be you brother . on the merchant Crew . they be not expect that ... the giant ( whose name be singleton ) , continue -- giant ( singleton ) Men who work for we own survival , instead of thriving off the work of other . as be you ... at this , singleton see Gates and Silver emerge from below . this next bit be as much for Gates 's ear as anyone 's ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 10 . singleton it 's the tyrant captain that be the enemy of we all . and when you cease to fear the tyrant , he can not last for long ... Gates hear that . see a crowd of pirate around singleton , stare back at he with hollow , angry stare . he then point Silver towards billy bone ( 20 ) , the ship 's first mate . gate this one want to join . say he can cook . billy nod , as Gates enter into -- int . merchant ship - quarterdeck cabin - same -- where we find flint , and dufresne ( 20 , bookish ) . dufresne sit , papers and ledger spread all around . flint be read one of the book . he do not look up as Gates enter -- gate we make a full sweep of the lower hold . twelve cask of palm oil . eight of sugar . some scattered tobacco , maybe a few dozen pound . dufresne ( beat ) that 's all ? Gates 's silence affirm . dufresne cast a concerned glance in flint 's direction , who be not pay attention ... dufresne then consult he note , do a few quick calculation ... dufresne ( cont 'd ) total tally ... 400 . maybe five if we be lucky sell the tobacco . cameron 's arm be break , and duffy be shot in the leg . after injury payment , we will net just under 8 pound per man . gate 8 pound ...? flint glance up from he book . unconcern . gate ( cont 'd ) the man be not go to be happy ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 11 . flint when be they ever ? gate when they end be a hell of a lot richer than 8 pound ... flint smile a bit . touché . flint here , look ... flint hand Gates the journal he 's be read . as Gates read , flint talk privately to he -- flint ( cont 'd ) Captain 's log . the whole story be here . vazquez . Port Royal . ( a small smile ) I tell you this be the ship ... Gates react , but then flip the page in the journal back and forth , as if look for something -- gate where 's the map ? flint someone must have tear it out . minor obstacle , but we be get closer . gate minor obstacle ... ( then ) let I see if I have this straight . this be we fourth prize in a row from which we profit will just barely exceed the expense it take to win it . singleton be out there right now get you crew ready to torture that poor bastard of a captain , only because he have not figure out how to get they to do it to you yet . but it 's ok , because you have discover that the secret map we can not tell anyone we be look for may exist on a page that we do not have . flint ( beat ) ... do not have yet . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 12 . Gates have to smile . but then , dr . howell ( 40s , ruddy ) enter . he 's wear a leather apron , cover in blood ... dr . howell Mr. duffy be dead . that land . Gates 's smile fade . DR. howell ( cont 'd ) I remove the leg . but he have lose too much blood . dufresne do some quick scribbling . then , solemnly -- dufresne make that 9 pound per man . a quiet beat , as the room darken . flint then start to head for the door -- flint I just need a minute with the Captain ... but Gates grab he arm . stop he -- gate it 's bad out there . flint they man be all restrain . gate it be not they man I be worried about . flint know Gates be serious . still -- flint we be so close . can not stop now ... off Gates -- ext . merchant ship - moment later Gates approach he crew . singleton step forward -- singleton we pay a heavy toll today . and for what ...? we all know the prize will not come close to make it worthwhile . someone must be make to pay the difference ... ( more ) untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 13 . singleton ( cont 'd ) ( be : merchant Captain ) right now , he 'il have to do ... this , as singleton see flint approach the mainmast . singleton ( cont ’d ) what be he do ? gate just ... give he a minute . on flint , with the terrify merchant Captain . flint where be the map ? merchant captain what be you talk about ? flint the page with vazquez 's map . it 's miss -- do you have it ? the Captain look flint in the eye . Silent . flint then peek over at singleton and the crew . eying the merchant Captain like a piece of meat ... flint ( cont 'd ) if you know something , now would be the time to say so ... across the deck , with Gates and singleton . privately -- singleton two captain , out of touch with they man ... ( then ) just so you know , I have no ill - will towards you . once I have the vote to depose flint , there will be a place for you on my ship ... gate singleton ? ( off he look ) shut the fuck up . back to flint and the merchant captain -- merchant captain I tell you , I do not have it . one of my man must have take it -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 flint they be searched . merchant captain you man , then . flint they do not have access . can you remember what you write down ? merchant captain I write it down so I would not have to remember . dammit , if I know more I would tell you . now call off you man ! beat . flint look over at the angry pirate crew ... on the merchant Captain -- merchant captain ( cont 'd ) you can not , can you ...? ( sneer ) you be they captain , and you have no control over they ... flint you be they captain , and they just sign you death warrant . so I be not sure either of we be ina position to criticize . 14 . it dawns the merchant Captain darken , no longer hide he contempt -- merchant captain how long before you be the one they tie to the mast ? on flint . done with this guy . as he walk away -- merchant captain ( cont 'd ) I will not give any of you the satisfaction of cry out ! flint ( under he breath ) good for you . but as flint near the cabin - - singleton where be you go ? ( flint stop ) justice be about to be do ... and you be turn you back ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 15 . flint glare . a tense moment between they . but then -- fresh-faced sailor ( 0.s. ) sail ho ! everyone rush to the starboard railing . very small on the horizon be a ship . someone hand flint the spyglass ... gate that 's a ship of the line . flint Royal navy . the scarborough . gate scarborough do not patrol this far south . flint she do today . and she 's get the wind on we . ( then , to the crew ) sail up . we be leave now . the crew race to action , no question ask . gate minor obstacle , be it ? off flint -- end act one untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 16 . act two ext . sea - day flint 's ship ( the walrus ) cruise on open water ... int . walrus - galley - later a surly cook in a foul apron cut potato on a even fouler chopping block , until he see Silver and billy approach ... the cook stop cut . grumble . take off he apron , and shove it into Silver 's hand . he then sulk off , and exit . billy he will be alright . ( then ) first and third watch mess together , along with the Quarter - master . Captain usually with the second . and no extra ration , not for the Captain , not for anyone . every man be a equal here . clear ? Silver nod . billy turn to leave . stop ... billy ( cont 'd ) you can cook , right ? silver ( beat ) of course . billy ( beat ; then , muttere - - ) can not be any worse ... and billy exit . Silver wait till he 's go . then pull out the pouch he take from the cook . and pull from it -- the mysterious page , and we finally get a look at it . some number , vaguely organize into column . indecipherable . he flip it over , hope for more info . nothing . Silver slump ... what the hell be this ? and as we push in on the tear edge , and we dissolve to : int . walrus - captain 's cabin - day ... the frayed edge of the captain be log , from which the page be tear . and flint , stare into it . almost as if he might will it to reappear . Gates enter , and sit . conspicuously silent for a beat . flint look up slowly ... gate he have the vote . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 17 . flint beg pardon ? gate singleton . he have the vote to remove you as Captain . ( off flint 's look ) maybe not every last one , I be still canvass . but once he get ashore , where he do not have to be sneaky about it , he will get what he need ... flint I think you say it have never get to this . gate I do . flint I think you say you put loyal man in all the right place , so that this crew would never turn -- gate that be before today . flint so because of one short haul -- gate one more short haul , to be fair . but that 's not what do it . flint then what be you talk about ? gate the scarborough . ( then ) they all know the day would come when the Empire would start pay attention to we again . what if today be that day ? if we be run out of nassau , how long before we find a new port ? how lean will thing get in the meantime ? scary question . singleton be capitalize . flint consider this a long beat . then -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 18 . flint so fix it . gate fix it ...? flint buy they back . twist arm . do ... whatever it be you do . gate that do not quite feel like a solution to this particular problem . flint I do not need a solution , I just need a few more day ... gate we have be after this map for month , what make you think all you need be a few more day ? flint I be go to see Richard . gate Richard Guthrie ... you think he 's go to help you ? flint I do . gate let 's , for fun , say he do not . what then ? flint then I will forget about the map . we will return to hunt fat , lazy merchantmen . and everyone will be content . gate and I have you word on that ? beat . straight face . beat . flint of course . on Gates ... jeez ... the moment be break as billy stick he head in the door . a big grin on he face . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 19 . billy Landfall ... we be home . off flint and Gates , we -- ext . walrus / nassau harbor - day the Walrus sail into the warm blue bay , a handful of other pirate ship sit at anchor nearby . tender ship and barge shuttle about , ferry passenger and cargo ... ext . beach - later a harbor barge come ashore , and a number of pirate disembark and begin unload cargo . among the crowd , Silver step forward , and take in -- nassau . its shore crowded with crudely build hut , tent and lean -tos . dozen of pirate emerge from the encampment to greet the Walrus 's crew ... overlook this shanty - town , up on the bluff , be a imposing stone fortress . and beyond that , we can just make out the outline of the town 's main thoroughfare . altogether , a filthy , noisy but picturesque tableau . silver be this English soil ? logan be . once . now it 's ours . this , as a trio of giggle whore burst onto the beach , pass out rum , bread and fruit . one of they leap into Logan 's arm , bury he face in she breast ... when he finally come up for air ... logan ( cont 'd ) Nice , in ’it ? this , as a bottle of rum be thrust into Silver 's hand . music start up , and the scene turn festive . off Silver , can not quite believe he luck . as he take a drink -- meanwhile ... we find gate , walk with billy up the beach , towards a small skiff anchore just off the sand . billy I do not understand ... the Captain ask for I to go along with he ? gate no , but I have business here , so the job fall to you . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 20 . billy and what be the job , exactly ? gate the Captain be go to ask Richard for a favor . Richard be go to say no . when that happen , the Captain will , most likely , react poorly . when that happen , I need you to restrain he . billy stop dead in he track . it take Gates a few step before he realize . double back to billy ... gate ( cont 'd ) no cargo move off this island without Mr. Guthrie 's ship and connection . he be not someone we need to be make a enemy of . billy ( a very long beat ) restrain he , you say ... gate ( pat on the shoulder ) I be sure you will do fine . Gates head towards the skiff , billy follow reluctantly . billy he 'il never listen to I . gate nonsense . you be a indispensable part of this crew , and I assure you , the Captain appreciate that more than you know . -- this as they arrive at the skiff . Gates address flint -- gate ( cont 'd ) billy 's go with you . flint who 's billy ? beat . Gates slow -turn to billy . and off they look , we go -- back to the MAIN beach , where Silver be help to unload cargo . nearby , two crewmen grouse -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 21 . walrus crew member # 1 what do you think we share come to ? I hear twenty ... walrus crew member # 2 twenty ? singleton say we will be lucky to see five . over this , we notice -- Silver have stop unload . he 's stare into a basket of goods from the ship . fix on something at the bottom of it we can not yet see ... he reach in , and pull out -- a book . then another . a handful of journal of vary size . Silver look around . make sure no one be watch he ... carefully select three book that be the same size as he mysterious torn - out page ... he open one . on the first page : Captain 's log -- vol .1 . Silver compare the mystery page -- the handwriting match . he then quickly flip through the book . but it do not appear to be miss a page . open the next book . flip . nothing miss there either . ditto , the third one . but he note that the book be label vols. 1 , 2 and 4 . there 's one missing . off Silver , get closer to a answer -- moment later , we find dufresne , hunch over a makeshift table , recording cargo as its unload in a ledger ... dufresne a cook book ? reverse , and reveal silver , stand there talk to he . silver it 's absurd , I know . I leave it with we Captain for safe - keep but I do not see it with the rest of he journal -- dufresne everything from the captain 's quarter be here . if what you be look for be not , flint must have keep it . ( then ) the Captain like he book . dufresne go back to work . and Silver turn . look out to the Walrus , anchore out in the bay . somehow , he 's gonna have to get back out there ... but break the moment -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 22 . voice ( 0.s. ) which one 's the new one ? Silver look over as a gaunt , dead - eyed man be approach he . not from we crew . Logan step in front of Silver -- logan be this really necessary ? he 's just a cook ... gaunt man he meet the new one . no exception . Logan turn back to Silver , frustrated . logan I be sorry , mate ... silver what 's go on ? who want to meet I ? logan ( ominously ) blackbeard . off Silver , start to worry , we smash to : int . whorehouse - parlor - later a smoky whorehouse . the gaunt man lead Silver through the parlor , as Logan and a few other crewmen tag along for moral support . the gaunt man then stop at a set of double door . logan whatever you do ... do not show fear . on Silver . totally at a loss . the gaunt man open the door -- int . whorehouse - bedroom - same it 's dark . lit by a few dim lantern . Silver enter , turn to see several silhouetted figure in the back . the lantern turn up ... revealing -- five naked whore , drape around a large ornate chair . in the chair be a figure , he face obscure under a hat . blackbeard ? but the figure then lift its head , revealing ... a beautiful , black haire whore , naked beneath a thin velvet robe . silver you be not blackbeard ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 23 . the whore smile , then slowly open she robe , revealing a large patch of unruly black pubic hair . silver ( cont 'd ) I see . Silver turn to see he Walrus buddy laugh at he . logan do not fall in now , you hear ? they shut the door behind he . off Silver , we hard CUT to : int . whorehouse - bedroom - moment later clothes be tear off Silver 's body by multiple hand ... silver alright , easy now ... but the whore be not listen . just as Silver be about to give in , he pants be tear off , and he remember -- the leather pouch , which fall to the floor as he pants be toss on a chair . Silver 's eye go wide . he make a move to recover it , but the nearest whore ( max , 20 , mulatto ) , put a hand on he chest . max ( french creole accent ) rule be rule . and you be ours . she shove he back down to the bed , and the orgy begin . but even now , Silver can not help but glance over at the leather pouch ... off it , dissolve to : int . SALOON - day pack with drunk pirate , as Gates enter , make he way through ... as he go , we pick up snippet of conversation ... the word '' scarborough '' on everyone 's lip . Gates also spot singleton , talk intently with a older black pirate . Gates move to the bar , address the bartender ( mr . scott , 5as , black ) . gate need a moment with you boss . Scott nod to a close door behind the bar . mr . scott not a good time . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 24 . this , as the back room door fly OPEN , and a angry pirate captain storm out , follow by a young woman ( mid -20s , beautiful , but with a edge ) . they be in mid-argument . young woman you want to run at first sight of trouble , be my guest . but do not expect I to fuck help you . as the pirate storm off , the woman realize the entire bar have grow quiet . all eye on she . young woman ( cont ’d ) ( to the bar ) that go for all of you . if you want stay and hunt , my door 's open . if the mere whiff of the navy be too much for you , then God bless , and get the fuck out . muttering and such , as everyone go back to they drink . gate ...- Madame Guthrie ? young woman what the fuck do you want ? she turn , and see its Gates ask for she . off eleanor guthrie , proprietor of this place , we go : int . SALOON - back office - moment later with Gates , as he follow the Guthrie back into the office . Scott join they , shut the door -- gate I see word travel fast . guthrie yellow bastard want 40 barrel of powder , that 's half what I have . all so he can head south and never come back . she trade a look with Scott , who shake he head in disbelief . Gates wait patiently , as Guthrie look he way -- guthrie ( cont 'd ) so what do you want ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 25 . guthrie ( cont 'd ) Word be you idiot barely clear enough from this last prize to cover the cost of take she . gate we have a agitator . ( off they look ) no business be a captain , but he 's capitalize on flint 's recent ... rough patch . I expect he to call a vote soon , and I expect that vote to be a close one . on Guthrie , as that land . she 's intrigue ... guthrie flint 's get morale problem , what do you want I to do about it ? gate I need money . to shore up support . guthrie ( confuse ) so get dufresne in here with the tally , I 'il float you a advance on you last haul -- gate it will not be enough . scott ( incredulous ) you want a loan ? Gates know he 's crossing a line here , but he push on -- gate flint 's make you more money than any other captain here -- sscottt not lately , he have not . gate that will change . once I get the crew under control , we go back to hunt the big fish . I have he word on that . think of it as a investment . a little money now , big money later . ( then ; to Guthrie ) but make no mistake ; ( more ) untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 26 . gate ( cont 'd ) without that money , the man who help you build this operation be out of a job tomorrow . mr . scott you steal cargo at the end of a sword . we sell that cargo to market that would never have you . when you be strong , you be a necessary evil . when you be not strong , you be likely soon to be dead . what you be not , ever , be a sound investment -- guthrie how much would you need ? both Scott and Gates seem equally surprised by that . gate a thousand pound . give or take . Guthrie consider he evenly . she then go to she desk . write out a note on parchment . seal it . guthrie take this to Virgil . he will see that you get it . Gates be wary . that be way too easy . but he ’1ll take it . gate thank you , mar ’am . he take the parchment , make a hasty exit . as the door shut , Scott turn to Guthrie , shoot she a look -- guthrie what ? mr . scott you just put a thousand pound of we money behind a lose cause . Guthrie do not want to hear it . she cross to the window , look out at the bustling town ... the sea beyond it -- guthrie when this place be a smoking wreck after the Santa Teresa , and no one want any part of it ... flint plant he flag here . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 27 . mr . scott what would you father have to say about that ? guthrie he have say I just put a thousand pound of he money behind a lose cause . ( then ) but he 's not here , be he ? off Scott -- ext. / EST . harbour island - day a idyllic strip of land . White sand beach . calm harbor . charm little coastal settlement . it 's only about 40 mile from nassau , but it 's light - year more civilized ... off the clang -clang-clang of a loud brass door knocker ... ext . harbour island - richard 's house - day flint and billy , wait outside the front door of a sprawling plantation house . flint notice billy fidget with he hair , try to spit down a stubborn cowlick . flint watch he for a long beat . billy realize -- billy sorry . I have just never actually meet the man before . ( then ) how should I address he ? flint I would prefer that you do not . billy shrink , scold . the door open , answer by a valet -- flint ( cont 'd ) Mr. Smith , to see Mr. Guthrie . he be not expect I . off flint -- int . richard 's house - foyer - day the home of one of the wealthier man in the Bahamas . the painting alone be worth a fortune . flint notice billy eying one in particular ; a general on horseback . Noble . heroic . flint Oliver cromwell . ( then ) ( more ) untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 28 . flint ( cont 'd ) I doubt anyone ever make he take a chaperone to a meeting . billy look back . a bit terrify . flint consider he . flint ( cont 'd ) what 's do the crew think of I , billy ? billy beg you pardon , sir ? flint it 's a simple question . you be first mate , you hear what 's say ... billy hesitates , unsure how to answer -- flint ( cont 'd ) I know they have always find I aloof . too well - educate . but now it seem they feel I be too -- billy -- weak . beat . billy 's a little stunne he say that out loud . on billy . flint I be go to say unlucky . ( off billy 's look ) so that 's the think ... we have be attack ship with light load because I be too weak to do otherwise . instantly regret open he mouth . flint ( cont 'd ) be that what you think ? now billy 's really on the spot . but before he can answer -- richard guthrie ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you do here ? enter richard guthrie ( 5as ; wealthy and soft ) , come up the hall from a set of french door lead to a back patio ... flint what kind of a way be that to welcome a friend ...? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 29 . flint then notice , through the french door , a fat old bald man , be attend to by a pair of hot girl . flint ( cont 'd ) I would much prefer that way . Richard flag he valet to close the door . richard guthrie a sugar merchant . from Boston . who purchase you plunder from I , but would be far less likely to do so if he have to acknowledge you part in supplying it . ( beat ) now what do you want ? flint there 's something you and I need to discuss . behind close door , preferably ... int . whorehouse - bedroom - day silver start awake . the room be quiet now . a steaming tin cup be put in front of he face . it 's be hold by Max . max c’est le cafe . everyone 's drink it in Paris . silver that do not sound like much of a recommendation ... Silver get up , start get dress . until he realize that he pocket be empty . he search frantically , before look up to Max and see -- she 's holding the pouch . max a whore for every finger on you hand ... but you eye keep drift to this . tell I ... what be it that be so valuable to you ? Silver take a step toward she , but she remain calm . max ( cont 'd ) one scream will bring Mr. noonan . silver bring he . I can let he know he whore steal from they customer . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 30 . max and he can let you new captain know you have withheld something of great value that rightly belong to he latest prize ... Silver stop . fuck ... she 's get he . silver so what now ? max this be to sell , be it not ? but you can not know who best to sell it to here ... I could know that . silver and what 's that go to cost I ? max half . silver fuck you -- max pleasure should be share equally . it be the only way to avoid hurt feeling ... on Silver . he 's get no choice , and he know it . he nod , submit ... max ( cont 'd ) excellent . now . tell I what it be . silver I do not know . ( off she look ) I know it 's tear from a book that belong to my old Captain . some kind of schedule , maybe . but until I can get my hand on the rest ... he shrug , then turn , find the coffee cup again . Ventures a sniff . Max be not amused . max then how can you be so sure of its value ? silver a guy try to kill I for it . I figure that be a good indication . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 31 . Silver sip , then react . not bad . off Max -- int . beach hut - night hazy and crowded . a dozen black Walrus sailor smoke pipe and converse in another language . Gates enter , and the man go quiet . glare up at he . Gates scan the crowd until he find the man he 's look for ... he lock eye with -- mosiah ( 5as ) . the clan elder here . mosiah consider Gates a beat , then signal he man to clear out . they do . Gates sit . gate I know you and you man give you vote to singleton . mosiah he make a good case . gate no he do not . mosiah ( smile ) no , he do not . but it do appear he will be we new captain . that 's not a man to have as a enemy ... gate I be not so sure about that . mosiah 's eye narrow . Gates then nod toward a obeah shrine in the corner -- May i? mosiah nod . Gates pull two ceremonial pipe from beside it , and pack they . hand one to mosiah , and light they . a gesture of respect , and it 's receive well . they smoke together . gate ( cont 'd ) the vote be closer than you think . I know this , because I buy back twenty - four vote today . ( off mosiah 's surprise ) Nelson 's man be always for sale . pay muldoon get I the welsh and the gunner , that 's 18 more vote . as of now , singleton be up 8 vote , and you and you man hold nine . so -- mosiah the Captain 's fate be in we hand . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 32 . gate you hand , old priest . you man will vote with you . mosiah and how much be you willing to pay for we support ? gate well ... nothing . I spend the last of what I have to get this far . mosiah frown . address the shrine . mosiah forgive he , yemaya . his mind be spoiled from old age . gate you be a wise man , mosiah . think about you man . what 's best for they future ... mosiah be it they future you wish to protect ... or you friend 's ? gate ( beat ) what difference do it make ? mosiah consider that . nod . a pensive beat ... mthen -- mosiah and you will pay we , obviously , from the very next prize we take -- gate I assume that go without say . mosiah ( beat ; consider ) for I , you word be good enough . but for my man ... they will need something more ... off mosiah , the smallest of smile , as strange guttural chanting build , and we smash CUT to : moment later , close on a long blade ... and reveal -- mosiah , he man , and gate , whose hand be hold over the shrine , as the blade be drawn across he palm , blood drip into it . Gates wince . mosiah look down at he with a smile . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 33 . off Gates ... the thing he do for flint ... but we then -- widen , to a distant Pov of the same scene . watch on be another pirate . 30 . slight . sitting on the beach by another encampment ... very interested in what he 's see ... int . whorehouse - day singleton celebrate with a few man at a table . raucus . as he cross to the bar to get another drink -- voice ( 0.s. ) you be in a festive mood . singleton see the slight pirate we just see spying on Gates . singleton 's smile fade . wary ... singleton what do you want , rackham ? meet '' calico '' jack rackham . he smile , all charm . rackham ( slight pirate ) I want ... to toast you coronation as Captain of the Walrus . ( then ; casually ) unfortunately , I be not so sure that 's where we be head ... off singleton , wonder what the hell that mean ... ext . beach - night a desert stretch . campfire and revelry in the distance . reveal Silver , alone , look out at the Walrus anchore out in the bay . a small canoe near he foot . he turn as a figure approach in the dark . a pirate . as he step into the light , we see it 's actually max , dress as aman . Silver note she outfit with a smile -- silver fetching . Max just curse in french , walk past he to the canoe -- ext . nassau - harbor - moment later Silver and Max paddle the canoe out into the harbor . ahead , the walrus loom ... at this distance , we can just begin to hear a lone fiddle playing from she deck ... as they draw closer , Max stare up at the ship , apprehensive -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 34 . max if it be not for Captain flint , you would still be a slave to that merchant captain . you steal from you own savior . silver well , the cook steal it from the prize . I steal it from the cook . then you steal it from I , so we have all get some explain to do . max you can not tell the difference between the three ? silver not really , no . Max consider he . intrigue ... moment later ... the canoe come up along the Walrus 's hull . Silver grab a hold of a rope run alongside the hull ... silver ( cont 'd ) if I be not back soon -- max I ’l1l leave . silver smart girl ... and with that , Silver start climbing up the side of the walrus ... the fiddle music get louder as he go ... he reach the top of the rope , but it do not go up to the deck . it goe into a porthole , too small to crawl through ... Silver spot another rope a few foot away ; that one go all the way up . but he ’1ll have to jump to grab it ... Silver look down , instantly regret it . it 's a long fall . on silver . he swing ... leap ... and grab hold of the rope . but the rope groans with he momentum , as it sway back and forth ... on Silver , unable to stop it ... and suddenly -- the music stop . silence . shit ... Silver scramble up , grab the lip below the railing just as -- the night watchman appear , look out over the railing . can not see Silver , who be -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 35 . hanging just below he . Silver 's knuckle be white ... he 's lose he grip ... until -- the watchman disappear . ext . walrus - deck - moment later the watchman resume play he fiddle . and in the deep background behind he , we see silver haul himself up and over the railing ... and skulk silently away towards the stern ... int . walrus - captain 's cabin - moment later Silver enter . and just as he shut the door behind he -- flint ( v.o. ) let I tell you a story about a Spaniard name vazquez ... --we intercut with : int . richard guthrie 's house - night candlelit . Richard and Gates listen as flint talk -- flint a few week ago , he stagger into a Port Royal tavern , and sit next to a English merchant Captain . vazquez , it turn out , be die . bleed from a knife wound to the belly . back to the walrus , where we see quick cut of Silver carefully look through flint 's thing . book . Scientific instrument . a easel , with a half - paint landscape in progress . in toto , a glimpse of a self - improve man . but no merchant Captain 's log ... Silver be get frustrated ... flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the knife wound be courtesy of he former employer ... but just as Silver be ready to give up , he foot catch on something . a floorboard , raise just slightly at one corner . flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) La casa del contracién , in Seville . smash back to richard , as he eyebrow go up . richard guthrie Colonial intelligence ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 36 . flint he be one of they top agent in the Americas . charge with oversee maritime operation . his specific task , for the past two year , be the management of a very special set of ship , delay in Havana for extensive repair ... back to silver , as he carefully pries up the floorboard . underneath , Silver find some papers . a few book . among they , the merchant captain 's log . flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) delay so long , that two shipment have be consolidate into one . Silver open the log . find where he page be tear from ... flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) eight heavy cargo galleon . 12 escort ship , include 4 ship of the line ... and as Silver read , and he eye go wide -- flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the treasure fleet . ( then ) accord to vazquez , total cargo be in excess of 7 million dollar . on Silver . shit-eate grin . but the moment 's break when -- he hear floorboard creaking -- the watchman be come . startle , Silver accidentally rip a page in the log ... on Silver . screw . no escape out the door . no hide the fact that he be here ... just as we CUT to : the watchman , open flint 's cabin door and see -- nothing . Silver 's go . the floorboard be where it belong . no sign of anything wrong . except for the OPEN window shutter , swinging in the breeze ... the watchman look out the window . then look down at the ledge ... nothing there either . the coast be clear ... ext . sea - same we be on the water 's surface , look up at the window of flint 's cabin , 50 foot above , as the watchman close the shutter and disappear . a silent , tranquil beat , before -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 37 . silver surface from the water , sucking AIR -- and off the sound of he heaving , we CUT to : ext . bluff - night the calming sound of the surf , lap at the beach . lit only by the moon . but then , we make out voice yelling in the distance , as the camera crest the bluff to reveal -- voice ( 0.s. ) you tell I you and you man be with I ... you fuck I ... singleton ... in a heat argument with mosiah . we be eavesdropp on a meet . behind mosiah be levi , 6'6 , 300 + if he 's a ounce . one of he man , serve as he bodyguard . mosiah I do what be best for my family . singleton I be what 's best for you family . flint have fuck we all for long enough ... mosiah ( beat ) you have have you say . and my mind be unchange . mosiah nod to Levi . time to go . but as they turn to walk away , they be startle by two pirate stand in there way . one be Jack rackham . the other be conceal in shadow ... mosiah turn to singleton , who just smile . it 's a ambush . Levi step towards rackham and the other pirate . pull a dagger . but as he move towards they -- a shot ring out from the darkness . mosiah recoil , as he 's spatter by levi 's blood . Levi drop to one knee ... and from a side path emerge a female pirate . 21 . kinda hot . but dead -ey . she walk up to Levi , parry a desperate swipe of he dagger , and without any hesitation , sly levi 's throat . he crumple in a heap . the woman stand over he . watch he die . take it in . something be very wrong with this lady . meet anne bonny . then mosiah see the pirate in the shadows emerge . recognize he immediately ... mosiah ( cont 'd ) vane ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 38 . captain charle vane . late 20 . handsome , but for the scar run down he face . and mean ... mosiah then turn back to singleton . seethes at he . mosiah ( cont 'd ) ukwa ru-oge ya , odaa ... -- and spit at he foot . then turn back to vane . and off he defiant look , we smash to -- moment later , vane , rackham and singleton walk off into the night . track through they , as vane address singleton -- vane congratulation , Captain . continue tracking past they , past bonny , trail a step behind , wiping blood from she blade ... and continue tracking ... back up the path ... past Levi 's corpse ... and past mosiah 's body , in a pool of blood ... to the tip of mosiah 's finger ... as it twitches ... and begin to draw a line in the sand ... end act two untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 39 . act three int . richard guthrie 's house - night back with Richard , flint and billy . flint continue he account - — flint before he death , vazquez be give a direct order to launch the fleet . but he know it be unprepare . when he say he have take he case to the King , he boss decide to silence he . ( then ) but that fleet be sailing . and I mean to meet they along the way ... richard how do you know all of this ? flint the merchant Captain ...? his name be parrish . I have be chase he for a month now . and yesterday , I find he . along with vazquez 's story , neatly write into he log . billy 's jaw be on the floor . can not believe what he 's hearing . but the look on Richard 's face be different ... amuse ... richard a man whisper he die word on a island hundred of mile from here . his secret board a ship , one of hundred sailing this water ... and in a manner of week , you have find it ... flint well ... most of it . a page be tear from the log , with the fleet 's course and schedule . I could recreate it from what 's leave , but I would need help . someone with knowledge of Spanish operation ... ( then ) you man in Havana . I need you to make a introduction . richard guthrie and what make you think I would even consider do that ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 40 . billy look to flint , expect a reaction . none so far ... flint 7 million dollar . when I take that fleet , you stand to gain -- richard guthrie when you take the fleet ? you be talk about the most heavily guard cargo in the history of civilization -- flint the risk be all mine -- richard guthrie -- the risk be not all yours . what do you think Seville would do if they think we be conspire to steal state secret ? what do you think a English magistrate would do if he know I actively support one of you exploit -- Richard trail off as he feel something cold against he neck ... flint 's blade ... Richard 's eye go wide -- flint let I make myself plain . I / '11 have that name . or billy and I will have you finger . richard guthrie ( beat ) fuck yourself . flint ( beat ; okay then ) billy , would you put you pistol on Mr. Guthrie here ... the click of a pistol cock , o.s. but when flint turn , he see billy 's pistol be aimed at he . billy Sir -- Mr. Gates say -- and in a flash , flint reach -- snatch billy pistol from he hand -- and before billy know what happen , flint have the pistol pointed back at billy . a beat . billy wait for flint to pull the trigger . but flint do something unexpected ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 41 . he hand the pistol back to billy . he then guide the muzzle of it down towards Richard 's head . on billy , he head spin ... flint return to Richard . move he sword to he pinky ... flint the name . please . on Richard . sweating . a tense beat ... but it 's break by -- servant ( 0.s. ) Mr. Guthrie . you be need outside . it 's quite urgent . the doorknob rattle . flint nod to billy , who peer out the nearest window ... then turn back to flint with a oh shit look ... off flint , smash to : moment later , as the door swing OPEN , revealing -- Richard 's servant , as he lead in a english naval captain ( hume , 40s , gruff ) , he lieutenant , and two marine . reverse on -- flint and Richard seat , billy nearby , as though everything be fine . servant ( cont ’d ) Captain Thomas hume , of his majesty 's ship , the scarborough . new angle -- and we see flint holding the pistol under the table , aim at Richard ... off this tension -- int . SALOON - night with Gates , at the bar , as Guthrie pour he a stiff drink . she clock the bandage around he right hand . guthrie do I even want to know ? gate just know I be up one vote . you money spend well . Guthrie nod . good . but as she turn to go -- gate ( cont 'd ) the question now be why you spend it . Guthrie turn back to meet he suspicious gaze . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 42 . gate ( cont 'd ) you see I happen to agree with Mr. Scott ... I be a terrible investment . and you be awfully quick to open you purse ... ( beat ) just what do you think you buy with that money , Ms. Guthrie ? on Guthrie . beat . weigh whether to come clean . then -- guthrie I want you to sink the scarborough . gate ( beat ; to Scott ) sorry , I be just a few foot from a twelve - pounder misfire when I sail with Captain avery , this ear have not be right since ... it sound like she just ask I to attack the scarborough ... Scott do not answer . but it 's clear he 's just as throw by it as Gates ... guthrie she 's a threat to we business -- gate forgive I , but we business be thieve . Soft target , big cargo . attack heavily armed ship -of-the-line ... that be not it . Guthrie seethes . she hate be speak to like a child . Gates can see that , proceed carefully -- gate ( cont 'd ) ma ’am . we can not sink the scarborough . let 's be clear about that . but even if we could , it would not matter . England would just send another like she -- guthrie you do not know that . gate yes . I do . and when that day come , there be only one course of action . we get on we boat , and -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 43 . guthrie I do not have a boat , Mr. Gates . Gates quiet , startle by she conviction -- guthrie ( cont 'd ) what I do have be this saloon , a inn , and a few acre of land that might one day be a farm . it may not be much , but it be mine . I build it , and I have ble for it . and unlike you , I be not so ready to turn my back on it just yet . ( then ) now you may not like that , but I be not so certain I care . if flint 's still a captain tomorrow , it 's because of I , and yes ... I do intend to cash that chit . on Gates , realize he 's get a real problem on he hand -- logan ( 0.s. ) Mr. Gates ! Gates and Guthrie turn to see Logan in the doorway , a grave look on he face ... off Gates -- int . richard guthrie 's house - harbour island - night back with flint , billy , Richard ... and captain hume . richard guthrie Captain hume ... welcome to harbour Island . my name be -- captain hume I know who you be , Mr. Guthrie . ( be : flint and Gates ) this man , I do not know . richard guthrie sugar merchant , Captain . they be just leave , actually ... hume step closer to flint . eye-fuck he , severely . captain hume sugar merchant ... ( beat ) Mr. Guthrie , tell I something . do you have gossip here ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 44 , richard guthrie beg pardon ? captain hume gossip . I have often wonder if it can survive in so remote a location . ( then ) gossip be what hold civilization together . it reinforce shame . and without shame ... well ... the world be a very dangerous place . richard guthrie I be sorry , but I do not understand -- captain hume do you know what the gossip in London be about you ? ( beat ; uh-oh ... ) the gossip be that you make you profit sell ill-gotten cargo . stolen by the Pirates of New Providence Island ... that hang in the air . a tense beat . richard guthrie that 's no truth to that . captain hume we will find out , will not we ? ( to Lieutenant ) take they into custody . all of they . flint and billy share a quick look ... then -- boom ! flint 's pistol fire , shatter the wood table , and winging one of the marine ... flint and billy swing into action -- flint engaging the lieutenant in a sword fight -- quick ... brutal ... with billy , as he fight off one of the Marines ... he look out the window and see -- more marine , head up to the house ... back with flint , as he dispatch the Lieutenant ... then look up , and see Richard be hustle out of the room by hume and the other Marine -- flint chase they out into -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 45 . int . corridor - continuous -- but as he round the corner , he see ahead -- the reinforcement . a half dozen Marines , several of they readying musket to FIRE at flint . on flint . just a moment 's hesitation , before he start to run right at the marine ... but he only get a few step before -- billy corral he , shove he into a wall ... and just before the Marines be about to fire at we , billy hurl a gas lamp --— the corridor ignite in flame ... flint watch Richard hurried away , a wall of fire separate they ... billy pull flint towards the back door ... and off flint , out of option ... ext . harbour island - night - moment later flint and billy clear the grounds of the house , the beach visible ahead . but flint stop . turn to see richard , be haul away in the distance ... flint no -- he start to head that way , but billy block he . billy Sir , it 's too late -- flint I need that name -- billy what difference do it make if you be dead ?! flint be furious . but can not quite argue . and off the sound of soldier yell order , get closer , we smash to : ext . ocean - moment later eerie silence . a oar break the water 's surface , as we pan up to see billy , row away from harbour Island on a skiff . camera pan off he to reveal flint , in the back , also row , but glaring at billy . not happy . as they near a outcropping of tree -- flint oar up . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 46 . billy obey , duck low , as they momentum take they out past ... the scarborough ... anchore in the harbour . startlingly close . twice the size of the Walrus . so many fuck gun . as they skiff float silently past ... even flint can not help but gape . and off the scarborough , its lamp glitter , we CUT to : ext . beach - night mosiah 's OPEN , lifeless eye . torchlight flicker in they . widen , as Gates , Guthrie , Scott and Logan arrive . Dr. howell be inspect mosiah and Levi 's body . other from the Walrus crew watch on , stunne . the jamaican mourn . howell then draw Gates 's attention to the sand beside mosiah 's hand . some letter scrawle in it . v-a-n ... the blood from mosiah 's wound have run into the letter , fill they red ... howell goddamn butcher , vane be ... gate he 's always be a butcher . but apparently he 's go and get clever , too . Gates look up , see singleton among the onlooker . Gates burn . singleton just watch on evenly . be that a hint of a grin ? singleton then turn , and walk off . we then find -- guthrie , as she storm off into the night alone . gate ( cont 'd ) ma’ be -- but she just hold up a hand behind she . do not follow ... off Gates and Scott , watch she disappear into the night . int . whorehouse - night the nastiest , most decadent corner of the inn , because it 's where vane put he foot up . all around , crew member gamble , drink , get handjoob . sometimes all at once . amid the debauchery , rackham sit at a small desk , write in on a strip of parchment . bonny watch over he shoulder . bonny what be that ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 47 . rackham term . for the consortship of the Walrus . singleton will run she , but he 'il run she in we service . he continue write . bonny eye the paper suspiciously . bonny the Captain should give you that ship . rackham ( beat ; smile ... ) all in good time . suddenly , the room quiet . vane turn to see Guthrie enter . all eye on she , as she head straight for vane -- vane Ms. Guthrie -- bam . Guthrie clock he . ooohhhhs from around the room ... vane shake it off , look back at Guthrie . then ... punch her just as hard . Guthrie flop to the floor , amid cheer and jeer from the assemble . Guthrie try to pick herself up , as vane step forward ... and just when we think she ’1ll get a foot to the rib ... vane offer she he hand . a beat , and she take it -- int . whorehouse - bedroom - moment later Guthrie enter in a huff , as vane calmly shut the door . vane come here . he go to she , take she face in he hand to inspect she jaw , which be already swell purple . she try to pull away , but he grip be too tight ... she wince ... vane ( cont 'd ) now would you like to tell I what that be all about ? guthrie you fuck I tonight . ( off vane 's confusion ) flint . his captaincy . I have a interest ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 48 . vane what interest could you possibly have in something like that ? ( be : she cheek ) you will live . she pull away from he . tries to regain control . guthrie you will make this right . convince singleton not to call the vote . vane why would I do that ? guthrie because if you do not , you be finish here . I will not sell another ounce of you cargo . vane Eleanor ... you father sell my cargo . and whatever it be you be so upset about , I doubt he feel the same . guthrie when I tell he you put we biggest earner out of business , he x11 -- vane -- remind you that flint have not be you biggest earner in quite some time . I have . ( then ) and you will also be remind of what you have always know and never accept , which be that if force , you father will always choose profit over daughter . she burn at he . but he approach she . pushes the hair from she face . vane ( cont 'd ) hate you father . I would not blame you . hate I too if you would like . and if you feel the need , cling to flint and he legend and a past the rest of we have long outgrown . but make no mistake about it ... whatever future this place have leave , I be it . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 49 . his hand then move to she swollen jaw . caress it . vane ( cont 'd ) and if you ever challenge I again in front of my crew , I might just forget that I love you once . off Guthrie , ill . int . whorehouse - MAIN room - night Silver sit alone , nursing a drink . he look up as Max approach , sit in he lap . as she pretend to flirt -- silver well ... max what we have to sell ... they be very much interested ... the two of they share a smile . dollar sign in they eye . max ( cont 'd ) the parlay be set . I will meet the buyer tomorrow to set term and price . silver tomorrow ? why not tonight ? max this buyer ... one do not want to meet when it 's dark ... Silver nod , get it . at that moment , Max spot Guthrie enter from the back room . she cross to the bar , grab a bottle , pour a shot and slam it back . max ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . Silver watch as Max cross the room toward Guthrie . she arrive , just as Guthrie go to pour another drink . before she can , Max snatch the glass , put it behind the bar . Guthrie glare at Max . be she serious ? Guthrie reach for another glass , and this time Max grab the bottle . guthrie what do you think you be do ? Max do not answer . instead , she take a bottle , turn , and begin climb the staircase . on Guthrie , watch she go . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 50 . int . whorehouse - bedroom - moment later Guthrie enter , and Max shut the door behind she . max sur le light , s’il vous plait . Guthrie sit on the bed , as Max cross to a vanity , start lighting candle . Guthrie notice she whiskey bottle , pour out into a chamberpot . guthrie that be a waste , do not you think ? Max 's back be to Guthrie . she light the last candle . max I think we have agree . when the sea grow rough ... you come to Max . now Max turn around ... and as she do she unbutton she dress , let it fall to the floor , revealing she nude body . she then cross to Guthrie , spread she leg and kneel down between they . max ( cont 'd ) Max be you harbor . Max run she hand up Guthrie 's thigh , and Guthrie stiffen . Max continue to caress she ... until finally , Guthrie 's rough exterior fall away , and we see the young woman behind it . vulnerable . even scared . momentarily overwhelm , she grip Max 's face with both hand -- guthrie it 's over , Max ... this place -- it 's go away ... and I can not stop it ... max no . she lean back , smile , shoot a look up to the sky -- max ( cont 'd ) I tell you . he be watch . at the word '' he , '' Guthrie try to pull away , but Max will not let she . max ( cont 'd ) he answer my prayer today . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 51 . Guthrie can see from Max 's smile that she 's be serious . but before she can ask a question , Max put a finger to she lip . she 's do talk . instead , she inch she other hand up Guthrie 's skirt . Guthrie react ... well , appreciatively . as she lean backward onto the bed ... give in ... max ( cont 'd ) maybe soon ... he will answer yours . off Guthrie , in ecstasy , as we CUT to : ext . sea - dawn on flint , in close up . unreadable , stare out at ... new providence ... against the brilliant orange and pink of dawn , it draw nearer . the harbour mouth almost visible ... billy I do not think you be weak . flint turn to billy . the first word speak in hour . billy ( cont 'd ) I just do not trust you . because I have no idea what it be you want ... flint absorb that , but still do not feel obligate to respond . billy 's frustrated now -- billy ( cont 'd ) if you have chase Mr. Guthrie , you would be dead . yet you be angry with I for stop you ? you be willing to die to chase a impossibility . what be I to take from that ? flint ( beat ) do you read ? billy ( beat ) you mean ... book ? flint odysseus , on he way home to ithaka , be visit by a ghost . ( more ) untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 52 . flint ( cont 'd ) the ghost tell he that once he reach he home , once he kill all he enemy and set he house in order , he must do one last thing before he can rest ... ( then ) the ghost say he must pick up a oar , and walk inland . and keep walk until someone mistake that oar for a shovel . for that would be a place where no man have ever be troubled by the sea . and that 's where he have find peace . on billy . captivate . flint ( cont 'd ) when this be all say and do , I have like to think there will be a place where I can find a little peace . at this point ... that 's all I want . off flint . for the first time since we have meet he , he appear just a little bit vulnerable ... off billy , not quite sure what to make of that ... minute later , the skiff round into the bay , revealing -- the entire island , wait for they . Silent . on the beach , hundred of Pirates , watch . tight on guthrie and scott , among the crowd ... on vane 's ship ( the Ranger ) , they entire crew assemble . tight on vane , rackham and bonny ... vane barely conceal a small smile as he anticipate victory ... on the walrus , singleton stand at the head of the crew , as though he 's captain already ... Gates behind he ... back on the skiff ... flint and billy , feel the weight of a thousand set of eye on they ... and off flint -- end act three untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 53 . act four ext . nassau harbor / walrus - dawn flint and billy come aboard the Walrus . singleton step forward . stands toe - to- toe with flint for a beat , before turn to -- singleton Mr. quartermaster . I want a immediate vote to determine the rightful captain of this ship . on Gates , as flint look over he way . Gates read the disappointment in flint 's eye , and it 's devastating to he . flint a minute , please ... a beat , and Gates nod . flint head to he cabin , do not bother look back . off Gates , hat every minute of this ... and elsewhere among the crew , we find -- silver . watch it all with great interest ... int . flint 's cabin - same flint enter , slam the door behind he . he 's coiled . angry . he look over at the easel in the corner ... moment later , a match be struck ... flint sit before the canvas , and we get a good look at it . it depict a large field of grass sloping upward into a hill . somewhere amid the expanse , there be lone figure , silhouett in black . his back be to we , but over he shoulder , he carry a oar . a beat , as flint stare at it , the flame of the match advance toward he finger . flint want to burn the painting , but he 's catch up in the image . the dream of it ... still powerful enough to give he pause . close on -- his thumb , as the flame reach flint 's thumb . he react , pinching out the flame , and drop the match to the floor . flint stoops down to pick up the match ... and stop . flint 's Pov - the floorboard ... hiding he secret compartment . it 's loose . flint react . Holy shit . quick cut , as he pull up the floorboard , remove the merchant Captain 's log , flip through the page , then stop ... his eye grow wide ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 54 . close on the torn page that silver ripped in haste earlier . suddenly flint 's despair change to something else ... he 's get a idea ... ext . walrus - MAIN deck - same flint emerge from he cabin . make the long walk to rejoin Gates , singleton , et al ... all eye on he . flint I want to say something . singleton look around . the crew be watch . can not really justify muzzle flint ... singleton step back . flint look out at the crew . a beat . then -- flint ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Gates 's eyebrow go up . that 's the last thing he expect . flint ( cont 'd ) for the short haul . for the trouble I have cause . most importantly , for the disregard it seem I have show you . on Gates . then billy . both wonder where this be go ... flint ( cont 'd ) not long ago I stand in Mr. singleton 's shoe , and lead the charge to remove a tyrant captain . I know then and I know now , that a ship be doom to fail if it lack trust between Captain and crew . mutual trust ... flint then pull the merchant captain 's log from he coat . do not say what it be yet . fidget with it conspicuously . on Silver ... uh-oh ... flint ( cont 'd ) for the last few month , you and I have be on the trail of a prize so big , I feel it necessary to keep it secret . even from you . the good news be , that prize be now within we grasp . the bad news be , my concern about secrecy seem to have be well - found ... untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 55 . flint open the captain 's log , to the torn -out page ... flint ( cont 'd ) someone on this boat discover my plan . they tore from this log the very page necessary to capture the prize . stole it , for they own gain . stole it from we . on silver , in the crowd . start to sweat , as flint slowly walk out towards the crew ... towards he ... flint ( cont 'd ) and then stoke you resentment to cover the crime ... flint then turn . he 's now look at singleton . flint ( cont 'd ) .-- and make himself you captain . on singleton , confuse , as we go to : the ranger . where vane watch from the main deck .... vane what the hell be he do ? on the beach , Guthrie and Scott also watch intently . back on the walrus ... singleton respond to the accusation ... singleton this be absurd . I do not know what he 's talk about ! the crew attention now turn to Gates . he step forward , shoot flint a load look -- gate that 's a very serious accusation , Captain . thievery be punishable by death . as be a false accusation . flint just glare at he . Dead serious . gate ( cont 'd ) then per the article , the accuse have a choice . he can submit to a trial -- singleton with who as judge ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 56 . gate me. you quartermaster . singleton ( beat ; sneer ) no. ( then ) no fuck way . Gates shoot a look back at flint . you figure this ... gate or duel ... singleton glare at he , consider . finally -- singleton maybe this be better . be rid of you once and for all . flint respond with a nod . pull he sword . singleton pull he sword ... and -- the duel begins . a brutal , close - quarter sword fight . messy and mean . flint 's agility versus . singleton 's brute strength . as the sword clash and sing , the crew watch , rapt ... on gate , do everything he can not to intervene , as singleton 's strength threaten to overwhelm flint ... on the beach ... Guthrie look from the Walrus over to vane 's ship , sit opposite it in the bay . on the ranger ... rackham step up behind vane -- rackham what if singleton lose ? vane he will not ... this , as flint fall to the deck , lose he sword . he roll away just as singleton 's sword strike the wood . it look like curtain for the Captain , until - - flint pull a dagger , slice singleton 's ankle . singleton buckle , give flint a open . flint slam he in the face , and singleton fall to he back ... flint on he in no time ... pummeling the brute with both fist . vane can sense the tide turn ... he turn to rackham . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 57 . vane ( cont 'd ) load the starboard gun . rackham nod ... as we go : to the beach , with guthrie , watch as vane 's crew spring to action . that can not be good . she look from the Ranger , back to the Walrus . realize flint 's ship be a sit duck for vane 's cannon . and she have to do something ... guthrie Mr. Scott ! Scott approach , as Guthrie lean in , whisper something to he . Scott look at she like she 's mad . but she look say she mean business . as Scott trot off , we go back to : the walrus ... where the fight enter its final , brutal stage . with singleton 's hand claw desperately for he throat , flint continue to hammer down with he fist . again . and again ... turn singleton 's face to pulp . the crew watch , stunne and sicken , as ... singleton stop move . it 's over . flint stagger to he foot , immediately begin search the dead man 's pocket , as the crew close in ... what 's he do ? flint produce a fold piece of paper ... hold it up for the crew to see . on silver ... completely throw . instinctively check he pocket to make sure he still have the map ... he do . so what the fuck do flint have ? back to flint , chest -heaving , hold the paper . flint billy ... billy look up , surprised . flint stagger toward he , hold the page out with a bloodied hand . flint ( cont 'd ) the crew have you trust . ( beat ) be this the steal page ? billy stare at flint , hesitant . know there 's something deliberate about this , but he 's compel to go along . after a beat , he take the paper , unfold it and see -- it 's blank . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 58 . billy look up , see flint stare back . a silent message . be you with I ...? billy be freeze . he hold the captain 's fate in he hand . we stay on he face for a very long time , before -- billy it be . the crew react , stunne ... too stunne , in fact , to see -- the Ranger 's starboard cannon appear out of the gun well , one by one . on board , the gunner signal the runner ... we be ready ... back on the walrus ... flint seize the moment -- flint this prize will not come easy ... it will be defend like nothing you or I have ever see ... but what 's ever come easy to we ? the crew be get into it . nodding head ... flint ( cont 'd ) I can think of no other ship , no other crew , I have rather have with I when I take it . the crew , now smile ... he 's get they ... and in that moment - — back on the ranger , rackham receive a message -- rackham starboard battery at the ready . vane Fire . a distant SOUND of cannonfire ... vane cock a ear -- that be not he gun ... where do that --? crrrack !!! cannonfire strike vane' mast and sail ... as he crew dive for cover , vane look up and see ... the smoking gun of the old fort , on the bluff above the Walrus . pan down to the beach , where Guthrie stand alone , face out toward vane . as vane 's eye catch she , Guthrie smile at he , then raise she hand above she head ... as we CUT to : untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 59 . int . fort - same a Pov of Guthrie , look down on she from above . as she hand go up ... reveal scott ... supervise a group of Guthrie 's slave , act as a makeshift gun crew . off she signal -- scott Fire again . the slave light the flint , and -- kaboom ... more cannonfire riddle the Ranger ... splintering vane 's rigging and strewing the deck with fall debris . rackham she will sink we if we let she ... as the crew race to get the ship go , we stay on vane , refuse to duck or move . as debris fall around he , he glare down at Guthrie with violent hatred . on the beach , she look back . shoot he the middle finger . moment later ... the Ranger retreat out of the bay . on flint . he turn , trade a look with Gates , as we CUT to : ext . nassau harbor - beach - moment later a harbor barge arrive , carry flint . he disembark , walk right up to a stunne Guthrie , then turn to follow she look out toward vane 's retreate ship ... guthrie what the fuck do I just do ? off flint , have to smile -- int . walrus - later billy sit alone , still in shock over what happen . gate ( 0.s. ) it be blank , be not it ? reveal Gates , in the doorway behind he . billy just stare at he for a beat . speechless . have get he answer , Gates turn to go -- billy how do he know I would go along ? untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 60 . Gates stop , turn back . thinks about it . gate what make you think he know ? off billy , mind blow -- int . guthrie 's office - later with flint , Guthrie and Scott . flint you father 's be arrest . on Guthrie . stun . she share a shocked look with Scott . guthrie arrested ? by who ? flint Captain hume , of the hms scarborough . Guthrie 's mind race a mile a minute . flint continue -- flint ( cont 'd ) I need you assurance you can keep this operation go in he absence . we sail soon for we next prize and my need be substantial . Guthrie snap back to reality . you need ? flint ( cont 'd ) I will be outfit more than one ship , which will exhaust you powder and grain store , so you will want to send for more right away . and to answer you question ... no , I can not pay for any of it . ( then ) think of it as a loan . Guthrie take a beat . the nerve on this guy . guthrie you know what ? fuck you need . I need something from you first -- flint the scarborough ? Guthrie react . he know . flint study she for a beat -- untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 61 . on flint . flint ( cont 'd ) let 's assume for a moment that I could chase she off . how long before his majesty , feel bruise , decide to send another ship ? or two . or three . a few month , if we be lucky . and when they arrive , we would be sit duck . guthrie I know . flint so what would be the point ? guthrie ( beat ) it would be a few month . a beat . until a smile grow on he face . something tell he he 's find a kindre spirit ... flint you be go to help I -- guthrie wait just a minute -- flint I be not leave this place . guthrie what ? flint I be not leave New Providence . I be stay here . for good . ( then ) the fort be the first priority . right now we have 6 gun . we 'il need a hundred to defend that bay and mean it . then we build a fleet . frigates , with man train to sail they . once that 's do , we will build the farm . half grow crop . the other half livestock . in a few year time , we can feed ourselves . we will trade in the open . we ’1ll raise child . and when the day come when England finally turn she gun on we , we will be ready . and we will put up a hell of a fight . untitled pirate Project - 2 nd draft - Steinberg / Levine 9/28/11 62. on Guthrie . take that in . her mind be reeling ... guthrie ( practically breathless ) how ? flint smile . he 's get she . flint let I tell you a story about a Spaniard name vazquez ... and off flint , we dissolve to : ext . new providence island - beach - day a small encampment , on the other side of the island from nassau . Wild , overgrown . the Ranger be up on the beach , careened against the hulk of a old wreck . as the crew work to repair she , we find -- vane , sit by a small bonfire . alone. piss . rackham ( 0.s. ) there 's someone here to see you ... vane ( beat ) no . rackham I think you 'il want to hear what she have to say ... finally vane look up , and see rackham be stand with -- rackham ( cont 'd ) she have something she want to sell you ... and off the crackle flame ... the soon-to-be-repaired Ranger ... and vane , down but not out ... we smash to black . end of pilot