copyright '' 2002 by Revolution studios Revolution studios ; Scott free production ; Jerry bruckheimer film " black hawk down " screenplay by Ken nolan shoot script , 2001 fade in : super : base on a actual event bpper : all our ignorance bring US nearer to death . t.s. ext . desert - day 1 a somalian man hunch over a body wrap in a sheet and cover the dead man 's face . super : somalia 1992 the image of a lonely truck drive through ravage countryside , body everywhere . super : year of warfare among rival clan cause famine on a biblical scale . we now see that the truck be from the Red Cross as _it move through the ruin of a bomb and burn village . past body -- some dead , some alive . no sound but the wind . nothing else move across scorched earth . super : 300000 civilian die of starvation . super : mohamed farrah aidid , the most powerful of the warlord , rule the capital mogadishu . a body wrap in a sheet be carry away . super : he seize INTERNATIONAL food shipment at the port . hunger be he weapon . super : the world respond . behind a force of 20,000 U.S. marine , food be deliver and order be restore . a U.N. peacekeeper help a weary man drink . super : april 1993 super : aidid wait until the marine withdraw , and then declare war on the U.N. peacekeeper . the peacekeeper walk past the body of dead child . super in JUNE , aidid' militia ambush and slaughter 24 pakistani soldier , and begin targeting american personnel . lifeless refugee be draw to the aid station . super : in late august , a company of america's elite soldier delta force and army rangers , be sent to mogadishu to remove aidid and restore order . ( continued ) continued : 1 look out at the smolder , wind - whipped village from inside a bomb-ravage house . title : black hawk down ext . high above mogadishu - day 2 the first ray of sunshine hit we -- and a black hawk helicopter thunder over the arid somali landscape . super : saturday - october 2 , 1993 int . black hawk helicopter - same 3 a handsome Ranger , sergeant matt eversmann , survey the village below . ext . high above mogadishu - same 4 a make - shift camp surround a bomb - out building on a hilltop bustles with energy . super : red cross food distribution CENTER ext . mogadishu street - cont . several " technical " , old Toyota truck with heavy machine gun bolt in back , roar through the village . starve resident swarm a five - ton Red Cross transport truck load with food as the Black Hawk float slowly past . the scene turn chaotic : villager shake the truck ; somali soldier beat they back with stick ; ten-pound sack of wheat spill onto the ground ; horde of stick - thin villager struggle to grab the sack . a somali gunman open FIRE on the mob . blood splatter as a few get hit . scream . panic . people scatter . int . durant super six four black hawk - same 5 matt eversmann jolt from the sight of the bloodbath . whip inside to the other rangers in the Black Hawk 's belly . eversmann oh shit , do you see that ? ( into headset ) Chief , we get unarm civilian get shot down here at nine o'clock ! ( continued ) continued : durant survey the scene below , then calmly speak into he headset . durant I get it Matt , I do not think we can touch this . heavily armed militiamen train weapon on the populace . one shout into a megaphone : militia man ( in somali , subtitle ) this food be the roperty of Mohammed farrah aidid ! go back to you home ! durant 's Black Hawk circle the village . durant Command , Super six four we get militia shoot unarm civilian down at the food distribution center . request permission to engage . matthews ( v.o. ) Super six four , be you take fire , over ? somali militia man flee into the crowd as Delta sniper sgt . dan busch train he ar - 15 rifle on the gunman below . durant negative , Command . matthews ( v.o. ) u.n.' S jurisdiction , six four . we can not intervene . return to base . over . durant ( frustrated ) Roger . six four return . durant continue the chopper away from the village . on _eversmann - stare down at the carnage - strewn street below . he can not believe it . below - the militia man aim he megaphone at the Black Hawk as though he 's fire a gun at it . ext . high over NORTH mogadishu - day super : NORTH mogadishu bakara market aidid controlled territory 10 11 12 ext . mogadishu market - day 7 the market bustles with activity . militia man stroll the street , automatic rifle strapped across they back . hoot slink through the crowd , follow a somali driver . int . mogadishu market - continuous 8 osman atto , a wealthy somali businessman , read a USA today as he eat . the driver approach . driver ( subtitle ) ready , Mr. atto. ext . mogadishu market - moment later 9 the driver lead atto to the wait car . Hoot watch , speak into a microphone in he collar . hoot leave . atto get in he car and leave . ext . high over NORTH mogadishu - day 10 atto 's caravan speed through the dusty street . ext . high over the desert - later 11 several Black Hawk helicopter track the caravan out of town . int . atto' car 12 atto smoke a cigar in the back seat , talk on he cell phone . a Black Hawk helicopter appear out the truck 's window , fly beside they . driver ( subtitle ) Sir ! atto look out the window at the Black Hawk . atto ( subtitle ) keep drive . ( continued ) 12 13 continued : 12 a Ranger fire at_the hood of atto 's car , spraying oil all over the windshield . a mh-6 Little Bird , a transport chopper with two outside bench , land in front of the caravan , force they to stop . ranger surround atto 's vehicle and tap on the glass . atto ( calmly into phone , subtitle ) I be go to be late . call you back . int . interrogation room 13 silence . the room be dark , except for the dusty yellow streak cast from the window . atto sit at a.table as general garrison enter and set a cup opposite he . garrison wear khaki short and _ T-shirt and don sunglass in the poorly light room . he 's laconic . eady . atto offer garrison a cigar . garrison no , no thanks . I have get one . atto this be Cuban . bolivar . bellicoso . garrison hold up he own cigar . garrison ( unimpress , simply ) so 's this . atto ( laugh ) Miami , my friend , be not Cuba ... garrison simply stare out the window . atto light he cigar , regards it for a moment . atto I see not catch aidid be become a routine . garrison we be not try to catch aidid , we be try to catch you . atto me? ( laugh ) but be I that important ? I hardly think so . ( continued ) 13 continued : 13 garrison you be just a business man . atto try to make a live . garrison finally take a seat opposite atto . garrison selling gun to aidid 's militia . atto ( a beat , gravely ) you have be here what , six week ? six week you be try to catch the General . you put up you want poster . $ 25,000 ... what be this , gunfight at the k.o. corral ? garrison ( laugh ) it 's ah , it 's the 0.k. corral . atto do you think bring I in will make he suddenly come to you ? make he more agreeable ? hmm ? garrison ( simply ) you know where he sleep . you pay for he bed , much less he militia . ( the bottom line ) we be not leave Somalia until we find he . and we will find he . atto ( immediately ) do not make the mistake of think because I grow up without run water I be simple , General . I do know something about history . see all this ? it 's simply shaping tomorrow -- a tomorrow without a lot of Arkansas white - boy 's idea in it . garrison well , I would not know about that , I be from Texas . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : ( 2 ) 13 atto Mr. garrison , I think you should not have come here . this be civil war . this be we war , not yours . garrison ( finally rip off he sunglass ) 300000 dead and count ; that 's_ not a war , Mr. atto , that 's genocide . now you enjoy that tea , you hear ? garrison exit swiftly past two U.S. Marine guard . int . helicopter hangar - continuous 14 garrison stride through the hangar , past helicopter . garrison how would he strike you ? joe cribb , a tall , lean man a few year young than garrison , fall into step beside the General . cribb urbane , sophisticated . cruel . garrison yeah , he 's a good catch . ( they stop ) it will take some time , but aidid '1l feel the loss . cribb I be not sure time be something we have get in great supply . garrison this be not Iraq , you know . it 's more complicated than that . garrison start away . cribb trail he . cribb boss , most of Washington might disagree . I be just say , they have be call for this dang situation report every morning this week . garrison ( slip the sunglass back on ) well , tell them the situation be ah , fragile . ( continued ) 14 15 16 continued : 14 and with that garrison exit a door into blinding sunlight . ext . mogadishu aiport - day 15 super : mogadishu airport U.S. army headquarters int . black hawk super six one - day 16 Black Hawk pilot cliff " elvis " wolcott address he Ranger passenger as he prepare for take -off . wolcott well lady and gentleman , my name be cliff " elvis " wolcott . I will be you pilot this afternoon . Federal regulation have designate this be a non-smok Black Hawk helicopter . for that of you enrol in we Mogadishu frequent flyer program , you will be earning a hundred free credit this afternoon , and as always , the air sickness bag be locate in the seat back in front of you . briley number one indication be good , cliff . elvis you get it . briley clear on two . ranger and you be still clear at one . the Black Hawk take off into the blaring sun . intercut between black hawk super six one and durant black hawk as they skirt the coastline . durant six one , this be six four . go to uhf secure . I have get some bad news . wolcott limo 's a word durant , I do not want to hear about it . durant it be not a word , it 's a abbreviation of a word . ( continued ) 16 17 continued : 16 wolcott limo be a word in common usage . that be the key phrase in scrabble , my good friend . common usage . durant no ! if it be not in the dictionary , it do not count . wolcott it do not have to be in the dictionary ! durant it do have to be in the dictionary ! wolcott they do not say limousine , they say limo ! durant listen , when we get back to the base , it 's come off the board . durant and elvis rubber - neck as they pass each other , fly opposite direction . wolcott you touch my limo and I '1l spank you , night stalker , you hear I ? durant yeah , promise . othic that 's a nice beach down there . how 's the water ? durant yeah , it 's nice and warm . it 's load with shark . int . office - day 17 the clean slap of computer key . a cigarette smolder . Ranger clerk sgt . JOHN grime type data into a computer . stand opposite he desk be pfc todd blackburn . grime name ? blackburn Todd . ( continued ) 17 continued : 10 . 17 grime last name ? blackburn blackburn . grime ( grime enter the info ) first name Todd . blackburn so what 's it like ? grime ( without look up ) what 's what like ? blackburn Mogadishu . the fight . grime serial number ? blackburn 7-2-1-6-3-4-2-7. grime ( enter the info , then ) irstly , it 's " the mog , or simply : " mog. " flo one call it 's Mogadishu here , secondly , I would not know about the fight , so do not ask . blackburn why not ? grime do not I just say " do not ask " ? ( take a drag off cigarette ) look kid , you look like you be about twelve , so let I explain something to you . I have a rare and mysterious skill that preclude I from go on mission . blackburn type ? grime ( pause type ) can you type ? blackburn no. ( continued ) 17 18 19 20 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 grime ( immediately resume type ) date of birth ? blackburn 2-27-75 . like chiseling into a headstone , grime type into the " age " field - 18 . hand young blackburn he i.d. blackburn ( affirmatively ) well I be here to kick some ass . ext . desert coastline - day 18 Hoot smoke a cigar on top of a sand dune as a Black Hawk pass over he . we see that he be hold he mountain bike . wolcott land the Black Hawk Super six one on the beach , kick up a storm of sand . Hoot shoulder he bike , hustle into the chopper . int . black hawk super six one - same 19 hoot ( over the roar of the chopper blade ) Nice man , very smooth ! gordon ( impressed with himself ) single shot through the engine block ! hoot shit , that 's a shame man . that 's a nice jeep . the Black Hawk lift off and kick up a cloud of sand as it fly away . ext . beach firing range - day 20 a line of ranger fire m - 16 at target . a military " hummer " drive up to the range . behind the fire line , eversmann blow a whistle . ( continued ) 12 . 20 continued : 20 eversmann cease fire , cease fire ! ( the shoot stop ) check you weapon . grime and blackburn approach from the hummer . grime sergeant eversmann ! ( as eversmann turn ) sarge . blackburn private first class blackburn . eversmann ( blankly ) yeah ? blackburn report for duty . eversmann not to I you be not . you be report to Lieutenant beale . he should be around here somewhere . grime can I leave he with you ? grime just want to leave . he 's get thing to do . eversmann smirk -- go head , go . eversmann yeah , go ahead . ( to blackburn ) you bring you weapon ? blackburn sergeant . want I to shoot ? I be rest . eversmann when would you get in ? blackburn just now , sergeant . blackburn look so young and eager , and already sunburn down one side of he face from the chopper ride . 21 ext . high above marshy wetland - day 21 a herd of wild boar flee from the chopper . 13 . 22 int . super six one - same 22 upon sight of the boar Hoot cock he rifle . hoot hey , who 's hungry ? the other ranger smirk . 23 ext . mess hall - evening 23 Hoot stand before a wild boar on a rotate bbq spit . Men move along the chow line . captain steele , Ranger ground commander , step up behind Delta sergeant sanderson in line . steele what be this , sanderson ? another taxpayer fund Delta safari ? sanderson not if General garrison 's ask . steele no , I be ask . sanderson have a nice meal , Captain . in the line -- Hoot cut in front of blackburn , grab food . blackburn hey man , there 's a line . hoot I know . blackburn well , this be not the back of it . hoot man , I know . steele sergeant , sergeant ? Hoot turn to see steel stare at he . steele what 's go on here ? sanderson watch they from down the chow line . ( continued ) 23 24 14 . continued : 23 hoot oh , just some aerial target practice sir , do not want to leave it behind . steele I be talk about you weapon . Delta or no Delta , that 's a hot weapon . you know better than that . you be patety should be on at all time on ase . hoot ( show steele he finger ) well this be my safety , sir . Hoot walk off with he plate of food . sanderson stop steele from go after Hoot . sanderson let it go sir , the guy have not eat in a couple of day . steele you dboy be a bunch of undiscipline cowboy . let I tell you something , soldier . when we get on the five yard line you be onna need my ranger . ya will better learn to be team player . it 's rough out ere . sanderson walk away as lt . colonel mcknight watch from he table . int . barracks - night 24 the barrack be divide by the arrangement of the cot . ranger here , Delta there , relax over Risk , stratego , cribbage , card , gameboy . ping-pong game in the corner . pilot durant and wolcott be continue they scrabble game . pilla stand before a group of young man as though he 's on stage . he imitate Captain steele , much to the amusement of the man . pilla try to hide he thick " joyzee " accent : pilla speak up ! ( touch he forehead ) you say this be you safety ? well this be my boot Son , and it will fit up you ass with the proper amount of force . off to the side eversmann write a letter . ( continued ) 15 . 24 continued : 24 ranger ( 0.s. ) be that a Jersey accent ? ranger 2 ( 0.s. ) it 's Georgia . pilla ( to another Ranger ) you 'se guy , I be try to do this . give I a break . ( back in character ) take that sunglass off , soldier . Delta want to wear oakley , that 's they business , I do not want to see they on you again , hooah ? other ranger laughingly mock he " hooah . " pilla hey , be that a hot weapon ? delta section - Gordon plop in a seat opposite shughart as shughart study a critical move , finger on he bishop . gordon be that you move ? shughart my hand on the piece ? gordon I mate you in three whatever you do . shughart I would keep my eye on that queen before counseling with other . gordon well she 's just lie in wait . nearby - wex , the oldest Delta at 42 , sketches on a pad . busch lean over to see : a medieval knight drag a enormous sword through a dense forest . beautiful and scary . busch wex . it 's good . you be improve . wex ( wex shrug , it 's okay ) ah. busch if I may make a suggestion , observation ? ( continued ) 24 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 wex mmm hmm ? busch it 's a child 's book , right ? wex right . busch they be not suppose to scare the live shit out of child . wex this be the part of the story where we knight , we warrior be about to slay the one - eye dragon and that 's scary . besides , my daughter love this stuff . busch I think you finish that last week . hmm ? wex you do ? I have to get a visual . across the hangar , pilla be still do he impression of steele for the group . pilla hey , we be at the ten yard line here man , you understand ? can you count ? one , two , ten . okay ? where be my run back ? where be my run back ? the ranger laugh and respond with emphatic " hooah " . pilla do not notice as steele enter . pilla hey , I do not see you in church on Sunday soldier . have something more important to do ? not on Sunday you do not . not anymore . I will make you believe . you understand ? pilla turn and find himself face - to- face with steele himself . go ashen . other ranger watch to see what happen next . steele , surprisingly , smile good - naturedly . steele that 's pretty funny , hooah ? ( continued ) 24 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 the ranger respond with a slight " hooah " . steele see , it 's a good impression . I recognize myself . all right , carry on . even though steele seem to be take it well , pilla be not able to relax . steele a quick word , special . pilla turn around and steele grab he in a headlock . the ranger laugh . pilla flip the ranger off behind he back . pilla yes , Sir ? steele if i_ever see you undermine I again , you will be clean latrine with you tongue until you can not taste he difference between shit and french fries . be that clear ? pilla hooah , sir . steele all right . the ranger applaud pilla as he return and plop on a couch between two guy . another corner - kurth , waddell , nelson , and goodale talk around eversmann , who busy himself with he letter . lo. beale be read a book on Somalia . lt . beale listen to this , if one skinny kill another skinny , he clan owe the dead guy 's clan a hundred camel . a hundred camel . waddell look up from he book . waddell camel . I would not pay one camel . goodale must be a lot of fuck camel debt . ( carve on a piece of wood ) be that really true lieutenant ? ( continued ) 24 continued : eversmann 18 . ( 4 ) 24 lo. beale ask sergeant eversmann . he like the skinny . finally look up . goodale eversmann , you really like the skinny ? eversmann it 's not that I like they or I do not like they . I respect they . kurth lean back in he chair and deal the card . they wait interest . kurth star on screen cover int kurth see , what you guy fail to realize be , sergeant here be a bit of a idealist . believe in this mission down to he very bone . do not you , sergeant ? eversmann look this people , they have no job , no food , no education , no future . I just figure that , you know , I mean , we either , we have two thing we can do , we can either help , or we can sit back and watch the country destroy itself on CNN . right ? kurth I do not know about you guy , but I be train to fight . be you train to fight , sergeant ? for a answer . Lt. beale watch he with bemuse eversmann choose he word carefully . eversmann well , I think I be train to make a difference , kurth . ts laugh . lo. beale like the man say , he 's a idealist . ( he look at the tv ) oh wait , this be my favorite part . - a sniper fire at Steve Martin , who duck for he gas station . ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 19 . continued : ( 5 ) 24 everyone crack up , but no one as_hard as beale . beale be literally fall off he chair . it take a moment for the other to realize he be not laugh ; he 's choke on he tongue , have a seizure . a Ranger hurry to he side , wave the other back . ranger no-no-no ! stay back , stay back ! eversmann stand , move closer for a better look . the Ranger cradle beale . ranger John , John , it 's okay . John , John , John , it 's okay . ext . mosque - mogadishu - dawn 25 a speaker high atop a mosque call out a morning prayer . super 5:45 am - sunday , october 3 ext . beach - dawn 26 a young somali wear a baseball cap backwards be on he knee , praying on the desert beach in front of the old city . then shoulder he rifle and gather he thing to go . ext . infirmary - morning 27 eversmann wait outside the tent as steele approach . steele well , he will be fine , but not in this army he 's out of the game . he 's epileptic , go home . ( walk past eversmann , turn back ) I be put you in charge of he chalk . ( off eversmann 's reaction ) you get a problem with that ? eversmann no , sir . steele now it 's a big responsibility . you man be go to look to you to make the right decision . they life depend on it . ( continued ) 27 28 29 20 . continued : 27 that 's great . that make eversmann feel more anxious about it . steele all right . eversmann ranger be the way , Sir . steele all the way . good luck , son . steele walk away . eversmann turn back to the infirmary tent , enter and wave to beale , consider the enormity of the duty he 's just be give . ext . bakara market - day 28 super : halwadig road - bakara market aidid' militia stronghold cacophony of noise and voice . the crowded outdoor bakara market be in the center of the city . the young baseball cap wear somali ( tye - die ) we see praying on the beach now stand before a merchant who want to sell he a machine gun , demonstrate by fire into the air . no one even look over . " tie - Dye " appear to be more interested in a group of militiamen talk above the stall 's belt of ammunition , up on the balcony . a door open behind they and two of aidid 's lieutenant emerge . the armed militiamen get up and escort the pair past tie - Dye without a look or word of acknowledgement except the last of they , who give the subtlest of gesture - a almost imperceptible nod . garrison ( v.0 . ) a long-anticipated meeting of aidid 's senior cabinet may take place today at fifteen hundred hour . int . mesh tent - day 29 garrison brief Delta , Black Hawk pilot , and four Ranger chalk leader , include eversmann . mcknight , steele , cribb , matthews and harrell be in front , the rest behind . ( continued ) 29 21 . continued : 29 garrison and I say may , because we all know by now , with the intel we get on the street , nothing be certain . this be actual intel , confirm by three source . two tier one personality may be present . ( point to two enlarge photo ) Omar salad , aidid 's top political advisor ; and abdi Hassan awale interior minister . this be the guy we be after . Delta let the photo burn into they retinas . garrison look at Captain steele . garrison today we go . same mission template as before . garrison 's hand move past a overhead map of Mogadishu , point to another map : the outline of a general " target uild . " two building entrance be mark " D " for Delta . the man take note as they listen . garrison 15:45 , assault Force Delta will infiltrate the target building and seize all suspect within . Security Force : ranger . four Ranger chalk under the command of Captain steele will rope in at 15:46 ... ( point to four corner on map ) ... and hold a four-corner perimeter around the target building . no one get in or out . ( as mcknight look on ) extraction Force : Lt. Colonel mcknight 's humvee column will drive into the city at 15:47 on halwadig Road and hold just short of the Olympic Hotel , here -- ( point to the map ) wait for the green light . now once Delta give the word , mcknight 's column will move to the target building and load the prisoner on flatbe truck . immediately after the prisoner be load , the four Ranger chalks will collapse back to the target building , load up on Humvees , and the entire ground force will exfil the three mile back to base . Mission time from incursion to extraction : no longer than 30 minute . ( continued ) 29 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 garrison , still stand before they , let this sink in . garrison now , I have request light armor and ac - 130 spectre gunship , but Washington , in all it 's wisdom , decide against this . too high - profile . Black hawk and Little bird will provide the air cover with minigun and 275 rocket . Colonel harrell ? garrison sit as he glance over at colonel harrell . harrell in_the C 2 Bird : Colonel matthews will coordinate the air mission , and I will coordinate ground force . Colonel matthews ? colonel matthews , early forty , speak up . matthews Mission launch codeword be irene . question ? hoot which building be it , sir ? garrison exactly which building we be confirm right now . somewhere around the bakara market . garrison regards Hoot 's reaction , then the other . garrison ( primarily to Hoot ) I do not choose the time or place of they meeting . hoot I do not say a word , sir. there be a unspoken unease in the room . garrison we be go into the hornet 's nest today . you give they time to react and they will swarm . make no mistake . once you be in the bakara market , you be in a entirely hostile district . do not underestimate they capability . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 29 eversmann swallow , check the other ' reaction . garrison now we will be go through friendly neighborhood before we hit the market . so remember the " rule of engagement " : no one fire unless fire upon . so let 's go get this thing do . good luck , gentleman . ext . tent - moment later 30 the group file out . mcknight , the most obviously concerned of they , light a cigarette and slap close he Zippo lighter . eversmann watch from inside the tent as colonel matthews and harrell walk up to mcknight . matthews what 's the matter , Danny , something you do not like ? mcknight ( as if it 's nothing ) no spectre gunship , daylight instead of night , late afternoon when they be all fuck up on khat , only part of the city aidid can mount a serious counter - attack on short notice , what 's not to like ? harrell life 's imperfect . mcknight yeah , for you two , circle above it at 500 foot , it 's imperfect . down in the street , it 's unforgive . eversmann continue to watch from inside the tent . he hear it all . ext . mogadishu - day 31 a alley . tie - Dye rip length of black duct tape and press they to the roof of he batter car in the shape of a X . ext . base - day 32 Smith play basketball as eversmann work at a desk . eversmann what the fuck , Smith ? ( continued ) 32 33 24 . continued : 32 smith well ? eversmann well , what ? smith we go ? eversmann why should I tell you that ? smith because I be I . eversmann Three o'clock . downtown . bakara market . smith alright . eversmann listen , Smith . I need you to back I up out there today , all right ? keep sharp . smith yes sir , sergeant eversmann . eversmann all right . smith ev? ( hot - dog with the basketball ) it 's gonna be nothing man . nothing . Smith run off in to the hangar bounce the basketball . int . base office - day 33 at a filing cabinet , grime carefully push the plunger down on the coffee grounds in the coffee pot . he speak over he shoulder to the only other person in the cluttere office -- sizemore . grime it 's all in the grind , sizemore . can not be too fine , can not be too coarse . this my friend be a science . turn , hold the coffee pot . ( continued ) 33 25 . continued : 33 grime I mean - you be look at the guy that believe the commercial , you know ? about be all you can be . I make coffee through Desert Storm . I make coffee through Panama , while everyone else get to fight , get to be a Ranger . as grime blather , sizemore reach for a letter opener , shove it down he still - drying cast and scratch away . grime now it 's grimesy , black , one sugar . or grimesy , get a powder anywhere ? add just the right amount of sugar . grime finally turn and approach sizemore , sit at a desk , try to itch under the still - wet cast . hand sizemore the mug . grime what happen to you ? sizemore ping-pong accident . grime what ? sizemore so guess what ? you wish have be grant . you be go out today . grime you be fuckin ' I . sizemore you be take my place assist the sixty gunner . sergeant eversmann say to get you stuff and get ready . now grime be speechless . sizemore relish the moment . sizemore it 's what you want , be not it ? grime ( grip he coffee ) oh yeah . Hell , yeah . grime be apoplectic . his eye glaze over with a thousand - yard stare . it 's exactly what he want , but now that it 's come to he , he 's not at all sure it 's what he really want . 34 26 . int . hangar - day 34 Delta and ranger , in they respective area , prepare in they own way , gather equipment they think they will need , leave behind what they do not . eversmann call out to grime . eversmann grimsey ! I want you to stick with waddell and give he ammo when he need it . hooah ? grime ( softly ) hooah . waddell I would not worry ' bout that . generally speak , somalis can not shoot for snit . galentine do not worry about it . just watch out for the sammy throw the fuck rock and you will be fine . might even e fun . the other guy snicker at this . kurth you boy do they thing now . what we gotta do be cover they , chopper gonna cover we . and we will be all right . eversmann look you guy , I know this be my first time as ah , chalk leader ... but ah , this be serious . we be ranger , not some sorry_ass j.r.0o.t.c . we be elite . let 's act like it out there . hooah ? the guy all " hooah " . eversmann any question ? we be gonna be okay . all right , grab you gear . let 's move out . a few guy " hooah " again , disperse . eversmann exhales heavily . intercut , Delta , methodical and precise , no talk : Hoot taping the pin of grenade . grime start to fill a canteen . ( continued ) 34 27 . continued : 34 nelson you be not go to need that , dude , we be not out there long enough . grime set it back . see yurek reach for a nod - night observation device - and reach for one himself . twombly hey you be not go to need that ei she , we be back before dark . you might as well take dope and beer instead . grime just stare . twombly , of course , be kid . grime what ? twombly ammo , dude . take ammo . yurek put the nod back . grime see Joyce remove the ~ rear panel of he kevlar vest . Joyce notice grime watch . joyce let I tell you something grime . you have get about fifty pound of gear as it be , you do not need another twelve . i_do not know about you but , I be not plan on get shot in the back run away . grime well I better keep mine in . eversmann hey , grime ? the most impor tant thing ? just remember when everybody else be shoot , shoot in the same direction . all right . intercut : eversmann consider blackburn , who appear more fidgety than before . as Joyce 's put on he armor , he watch wex across the hangar tear off piece of mask tape and write something on they with a sharpie . stick they to he boot . joyce look at this guy , lo. taping he blood type to he boot . it 's bad uck . ruiz no it 's smart . ( continued ) 28 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 sgt . lorenzo ruiz pull out a already address and seal envelope , regards it . ruiz all Delta do that . joyce ( be : the letter ) that 's bad luck too , man . come on , let 's go . Ruiz hold the letter . Joyce get up and walk past he . Ruiz turn to a glum sizemore . ruiz it 's a good thing you be right hand , adonis . ( mime like he 's jack off ) if not , I do not know what you would do . sizemore you be a funny guy , man . Ruiz profer the letter to sizemore . sizemore I be not take no death letter . ruiz ( shove it in he hand ) we have a deal . sizemore I will give it back to you in a hour . 35 int . barracks - continued - day 35 eversmann you okay ? blackburn excite . in a good way . I have be training my whole life for this . eversmann you ever shot at anybody before ? blackburn no , sargent . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 29 . continued : 35 eversmann I neither . eversmann pat blackburn on the shoulder . ext . mogadishu - day 36 super 2:29 pm a Black Hawk hover over tie - Dye 's batter car . int . tie - dye' car moving - day 37 tie - Dye drive along the street , deeper into the city than the U.N. ever go . ext . high above mogadishu - same 38 a Black Hawk hover high above the car , follow . int . joc - same 39 super : j.0.c. joint operation CENTER garrison and cribb watch the image from the c2 chopper , and hear the annoying music over the command net . cribb think he 's reliable ? garrison well , we will see . it 's he first time out . int . tie - dye' car moving - day 40 local pop music jangle on the radio as tie - Dye drive . he drip with sweat . int . joc - same 41 garrison tell he to turn he damn radio off . radioman ( 0.s. ) yes , sir . tell he to turn he radio off . int . black hawk helicopter - same 42 harrell abdu , you need to turn you radio off . 43 44 45 46 47 30 . int . tie - dye' car moving - day 43 tie - Dye follow the order , switch the radio off . int . kitchen - U.S. / time difference - day 44 the machine sit on a counter next to a refrigerator cover with snapshot and reminder note . a dog listen to the outgo message : child voice ( v.0 . ) hi , mommy and daddy be not home . leave I a message . shughart ( v.0 . ) hey baby , it 's I , you there ? pick up if you be there . int . the hangar - day 45 shughart be on a satellite phone , huddle against a wall . shughart I be just call to check up on you and make sure everything 's all right . I will call in a couple of hour . you better not be sleep . Gordon move a chess piece , then pass shughart still on the phone . gordon you be move , Randy . int . kitchen - U.S. / time difference - night 46 shughart I be miss you . I love you , baby . the call disconnect . shughart wife hello , hello ? ext . barracks build - day 47 eversmann lean against a wall next to Hoot . silence between they , eversmann look off . eversmann you know , it 's kinda funny . beautiful beach , beautiful sun ... it would almost be a good place to visit . ( continued ) 47 48 49 50 51 continued : eversmann 31 . 47 hoot almost . eversmann ( off Hoot 's tone ) you do not think we should be here . hoot know what I think ? do not really matter what I think . once that first bullet go past you head -- politics , and all that shit -- just go right out the window . eversmann I just wanna do it right today . hoot just watch you corner ... get all you man back here alive . turn to Hoot , grave . ext . mogadishu - day 48 tie - Dye 's int . joc - car move deeper into the city . same 49 a overhead image of tie - Dye 's car and surround street . garrison be this suppose to be the place or do he car just take a dump ? observation bird pilot ( 0.s. ) avi come in . int . observation bird 50 observation bird pilot avi , can you hear I ? be this the place ? int . tie - dye' car 51 tie - Dye sit and stare at the people in the street . observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) avi , come in ? avi , can you hear I , be this the place ? tie-dye to my right hand side , above the cafe . 52 53 54 55 56 57 32 . int . joc - same matthews Sir , he say this be the building . cribb he 's certain ? garrison look at the overhead image . int . observation bird - continued observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) avi , you need to be sure . be you sure ? int . tie - dye' car - continued tie -dye well , it 's down the road two block around my leave . int . / ext . observation bird - continued observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) now he 's say the building 's actually a couple block down , but if he 's 's see outside it he will be shot . int . joc - continued garrison I will fuckin ' shoot he myself a couple of block down . tell he I want he skinny ass park in front of the damn building . he 's not get pay until he do exactly that . ext . base - day mcknight address he man . mcknight it 's three mile to the target area . we be never off the main road . in the background , soldier move and prepare mh -6 Little bird . mcknight at the k - 4 traffic circle we turn north , then east on National . we wait ' till Delta 's finish , here . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 53 54 55 56 57 57 58 59 60 61 62 continued : 33 . 57 mcknight ( cont 'd ) then we roll up in force on halwadig . we load the prisoner and then the assault and block force , and bring them back . Home in a hour . okay ? mcknight look at pilla , othic , other gunner . mcknight now there will be some . shoot . bakara market be the Wild West . but be careful_what you shoot at because people do live there . hooah . several " hooah " in response as mcknight and the rest up and leave . ext . mogadishu - day 58 tie - Dye 's int . joc - car move through the street . continued - day 59 the overhead image of tie - Dye 's car on a screen . garrison the last one of this guy shot | himself in the head play Russian roulette in a bar . ext . halwadig road - day 60 tie - Dye 's int . joc - car rattles up to a three - story building . stop . continued 61 the overhead image on a screen . radioman ( 0.s. ) Sir , the vehicle stop . garrison so this be the real deal now ? he 's sure this time ? observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) he sound scared shitless . garrison good . that 's always a good sign . ext . halwadig road - continued 62 tie - Dye exit the car , open the hood . fan the steaming radiator fume . 63 64 65 66 34 . int . joc - continued 63 the overhead image on a screen . garrison ( turn to leave ) alright , all qrf out of the airspace . cribb all qrf out of the airspace . int . matthew' c2 black hawk - day 64 Colonel matthews speak into he headset : matthews all unit , irene . I say again , irene . int . wolcott's black hawk - cont . wolcott and he copilot make sure thing be in order . wolcott ( into he headset ) irene ! int . durant black hawk - day 65 durant smile , speak into he headset . durant fuckin ' irene ! ext . tarmac - day 66 ranger deploy across the tarmac to they respective chopper . garrison have come out to wish the man well , move past the open door of eversmann 's Black Hawk , shouting over the noise . garrison good luck boy ... be careful ... no one get leave behind . he give the thumb up and leave . blackburn and grime notice eversmann still look after the general with some concern . blackburn & grime ( almost together ) what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 35 . continued : 66 eversmann nothing . he 's just never do that before . grime ah , fuck ! getting into a truck - mcknight mcknight let 's go ! mcknight 's humvee column rumble away from the tarmac . in super six one - elvis wolcott flash a satisfied grin at the sound of the code word . he lift tip on the control as - the armada ascend , deafen . Little bird whirl skyward , Delta carry aloft outside the chopper , the ultimate thrill ride . Black hawk rise from the earth in tight formation . int . prison room - same time - day 67 the dark , barely - furnish room from before . alone in it , atto watch a glass rattle across the table from the thunder of the helicopter take off outside . ext . somalia coast near base - day 68 just outside the base , against barren terrain near the coast , a kid wear a beegee t-shirt and flip - flop tend a small fire . as the helicopter continue to rise , the boy find a cell phone in he pants pocket and make a call . ext . rooftop / STREET - mogadishu - day 69 another kid with a cell phone hurry across a rooftop . he shout down -- somali kid mo'alim ! the kid drop the phone . it fall into a wait pair of hand of a aidid militia man . he carry the phone in to mo'alim , a aidid lieutenant , sprawle out asleep on a bed . militia man mo'alim ! the militia man wake mo'alim up with the phone . mo'alim put the phone to he ear and hear a doppler-thunder of helicopter -- 70 71 72 73 36 . ext . somalia coast by east - continued - day 70 the first boy be hold the phone up like a badge as the helicopter thunder over he . int . market - day 71 mo'alim and he militia arm themselves . Men shout and pass off gun to more man . int . / ext . wolcott's black hawk / mogadishu - day 72 Black hawk move low and fast , follow the humvee caravan along a road . then parallel to the shore over the run breaker . int . wolcott's black hawk - cont . eversmann grimsey ! eversmann tap he helmet and throw a pen to grime . grime write he name on he helmet . wolcott two minute ! eversmann hold up two finger . eversmann two minute . ext . mogadishu street - day 73 tie - Dye stand wait outside he car . the militia barricade the street and start burn tire . mo' alim ride forward on a convoy . int . wolcott's black hawk - cont . below - black smoke from pile of burn tire rise into the sky as -- grime ( shout in Nelson 's ear ) why be they burn tire ? waddell signal , to the militia ! ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 37 . continued : 73 int . joc - garrison watch the overhead image . int . wolcott's black hawk - continued 74 briley hold up one finger and mouth one minute . wolcott one minute . eversmann one minute ! waddell dog - ear a page of he book . eversmann 's chalk prepare to go in . blackburn see Nelson put in a football mouth guard . blackburn what 's that for ? nelson last rope , I almost bit my tongue off ! Nelson smile back at he , black plastic over he tooth . ext . mogadishu street - day 75 the humvee convoy roll in as people run through the street . ext. / int . car - halwadig road - day 76 tie - Dye sit in he car and wait for the Black hawk to land . militia run through the street , fire sporadically . super 3:42 pm Little bird land in the street . one of the Little bird streak in and land on the roof of the building . Hoot 's and the other two descend lower , onto the street , the rotor just miss the wall of the building . a dust cloud envelope they all . ranger deploy on the street and the Little bird swiftly take off . ranger move low and fast , storm into building in tactical formation . Fire and kill militiamen . tie - Dye pull away as a Black Hawk approach the building through the smoke . ropes drop from some helicopter . 77 78 79 80 81 38 . int . wolcott's black hawk - day 77 through the cockpit , eversmann see nothing below but a massive swirl cloud of dust . speak into he headset mic : eversmann ropes ! fast rope be kick out the chopper door , snake down into the dust cloud as eversmann 's man prepare to go in . he shout : eversmann go ! go ! go ! kurth , goodale , Doc schmid all start roping down . bullet be already pinging off the belly of the Black Hawk . int . joc - same 78 garrison watch the overhead image . int. / ext . - target build - day 79 Delta come through the dust and smoke of flashbang like apparition . Hoot , wex and other Delta burst into a room , see ten Somalia try to find another escape route . better dress than most somalis , this group carry file folder , map , chart , scattered on a table , and AK - 47 . bingo . hoot down , get down ! down ! down ! do it now ! now ! now ! somalis hit the deck , foot in the back for they trouble if they do not do it fast enough . surrender weapon clatter to the floor . on the STREET 80 mcknight , now out of he humvee , peek calmly around the corner of a building . int . wolcott's black hawk - day 81 speak into he headset mic : eversmann let 's go , let 's go ! the remain man start roping down . grime swallow hard . he 's next . Crew Chief dowdy shout to he : ( continued ) 81 82 39 . continued : 81 dowdy no fear ! grime oh yeah , right . with that , grime disappear ; down the rope slide into the dust and into the gunfire . ext . halwadig road - day 82 mcknight 's convoy reach its wait position just off halwadig . pilla , in he turret , hear shot , see bullet spark off the side of the humvee . pilla Colonel , they be shoot at we ! Colonel , they be shoot at we ! mcknight well shoot back ! a hail of gunfire erupt and pilla swing the fifty turret . sights a technical racing toward he . he fire on it . observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) Super six five leave , go in to hold pattern . observation bird pilot Super six two , come in . take up perimeter pattern observation bird pilot Roger that . in the chopper - still in silence , blackburn remain . eversmann go blackburn , go ! go blackburn ! just as he say this , eversmann see a rpg streaking up at they . eversmann ( to Pilot ) rpg ! ( to blackburn ) hold on ! the Black Hawk rock to avoid the rocket . ( continued ) 82 83 84 40 . continued : 82 --blackburn reach for the rope , see it swing away and out of the grasp of he glove hand , eversmann stare as the kid free fall , disappear into the swirl dust cloud . horrify , eversmann dive out after he , grab onto the rope . eversmann no ! ext . chalk 4 corner - same 83 eversmann fast - rope through the cloud for what seem to he forever . finally , he foot touch down . he scramble to blackburn -- have fall 40 foot to the dirt street . observation bird pilot D - 2 , we get a man fall . operator six four , you be a sit duck there . get out and take cover pattern . observation bird pilot Roger that . six one leave . the Black Hawk start away . on the ground 84 eversmann check blackburn who lie still . he and blackburn be alone in the middle of the street . over the sharp crackle of gunfire -- eversmann doc! Doc schmid ! schmid , the medic who bench sizemore , suddenly appear with he kit from behind eversmann , startling he . schmid where 's he hit ? eversmann he 's not . he fall . schmid what ? eversmann he fall ! 85 86 41 . ext . chalk 4 corner - day 85 grime dive on he belly , bullet hiss through the air around he . waddell be sighting with the saw , but not fire at a group of fleeting figure down the block . grime why be not you shoot ? waddell we be not be shot at yet . grime how can you tell ? waddell a hiss mean it 's close . a snap ... SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! waddell now they be shoot at we ! waddell level wither fire down the street . the fleeting figure scatter . grime see figure with weapon fire at he a block away . he level he gun and shoot ! he 's shoot at the enemy ! ext . chalk 4 corner - day 86 eversmann , in the middle of it with blackburn , yell across to he radio man , galentine . wave he over . eversmann galentine ! get I Captain steele ! get I Captain steele ! galentine uniform six four , this be uniform two five , come in , over . uniform six five , this be uniform two five two . schmid move blackburn 's head -- blood seeping from he nose and ear . galentine I can not get he ! galentine do not know why . something wrong with the radio maybe . eversmann unholster he walkie-talkie , and as he shout into it , he can see Delta spilling from the first building out into the street . ( continued ) 86 87 88 42 . continued : 86 eversmann juliet six four , this be chalk four . we get a man down ! we gotta get he out of here . over ! ext . intercut - steele's chalk one - cont . steele 's man be fan cut , take random gunfire . steele see the Delta , run down the block toward he and into a different building . eversmann 's voice squawk on the walkie . steele six four , say again , two five , over ! eversmann ( v.0o . ) he 's hurt . he fall . over . steele take a breath two five and calm down ! over ! eversmann man down ! steele miss you last response , again ? int . joc - same 87 garrison sit down and watch the overhead image . he rub he temple . ext . chalk 4 corner - same 88 schmid shout out to anyone . schmid get I a stretcher ! two man unfold a collapsible litter from a medic pack . they gingerly place blackburn on it . eversmann go! schmid okay , go ! they run through a hail of gun fire . 89 90 91 92 93 43 . int . target build - day Delta have move the prisoner out on to the balcony . they kneel face the wall . hoot secure . sanderson let 's move out ! hoot let 's go , let 's go ! ext . halwadig road schmid and he team carry blackburn on the stretcher . int . target build - day Delta have march the prisoner into a inner courtyard . everyone wait . Hoot speak into a walkie talkie -- hoot k.o. six four , green light . int . joc - day garrison sit at the panel of screen . observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) ready for extraction , over . garrison that 's it . we be do . observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) Roger that kilo one one , we will relay . uniform six four , ready for extraction . ext . halwadig road / humvee squad - day mcknight shout as he leap into the humvee : mcknight Roger that . there 's the call ! let 's move out ! let 's move out ! struecker hold on ! ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 93 93 44 . continued : 93 the humvee squad rumble around the corner , roll down the line . mcknight lead they to a humvee , start pass blackburn inside to a wait Delta medic . ext . halwadig road - cont . gunfire from rooftop across the street force Delta to bring out prisoner in contain group of three . other Delta return fire , drive back sniper . as soon as one disappear , another sniper pop up . mcknight how much time do you need ? sanderson five minute , sir! mcknight what ? sanderson five minute ! mcknight you have only get five minute ! mcknight turn around and walk over to schmid . mcknight what happen to he ? schmid he fall , miss the rope . mcknight how would he do that ? ( off schmid 's shrug ) put he in that op ! Hoot come back out of the target courtyard with sanderson . they move the somali prisoner out . hoot let 's go , let 's go . come on , let 's move ! blackburn be load in to a humvee . grime have be engross in watch they load prisoner . ( continued ) 93 94 95 96 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 when he turn around be see schmid , Smith and waddell way the hell up the street , run back toward chalk 4 . he can see they take fire as they run , move from cover to cover . on grime - oh shit . he start charge after they . barel ets three foot when a rocket explode near he , gause im of tumble . turn and charge back to chalk one and safety . ext . chalk 4 corner - day 94 schmid , Smith and waddell come charge up , take cover , out of breath from the long , dangerous run . the rest of the chalk be spread out , return fire . eversmann hear a approach Little Bird and glance up . as it thunder over he , hot casing splash down like rain , burn he . eversmann oh , fuck ! eversmann pull a case out of he flack jacket . int . target build - day 95 Hoot march more prisoner out . two somali boy stare at they from the corner like they be a circus attraction . hoot let 's go , right here ! come on ! mcknight ( call out ) struecker ! ( grab a radio ) formula C - 4 , I need to send out a three humvee with a critical casualty , he look real bad . I need to evac now ! int . black hawk - same 96 harrell Roger that , uniform six four . we will shot a team of gunship to you , over . int . target build - cont . mcknight Roger that . ( continued ) 46 . 96 continued : 96 mcknight grab sanderson . mcknight I need extra security on this Humvees . Hoot motion for he team . say to mcknight : hoot I will go ! I will take my team , make sure they get back okay . sanderson ( nod ) sure . mcknight struecker , you be lead humvee ! sergeant struecker , Iowa farm boy , born-again Christian and model Ranger jump up . struecker hooah ! ext . target build - cont . strueker be behind the wheel of a humvee , blackburn in back , medic tend to he . Hoot and he team jump in the Humvees , Hoot riding shotgun next to struecker . struecker hit the gas . the three Humvees take off . 97 int / ext . the struecker / blackburn convoy - day 97 sniper on the rooftop fire . a hail of shot hit the truck like a cadence of drum . from the Humvees the turret man return fire . pilla blast away with he . 50 , cover they ass . mcknight how're thing go ? be thing okay there , struecker ? struecker I do not want to talk about it now , Colonel . mcknight anyone hit ? ( continued ) 97 98 99 47 . continued : 97 struecker and Hoot see a roadblock . turn onto another street to avoid it - two other Humvees follow - and find himself in a kill zone . complete chaos . in the turret , pilla continue to fire . on the street , a militia man spin out from behind a corner and shoot pilla in the head . suddenly the view swing straight up as he 's hit in the head , flop down into the humvee , onto a stunne Ranger - Thomas . struecker turn in he seat , see pilla bleed on Thomas , who be hysterical . thomas Christ , he 's fuck up ! hoot he 's dead . CUT between CITY CENTER and humvee mcknight ( into radio ) struecker , talk to I ! struecker ( long pause , then ) it 's sergeant pilla . mcknight what 's he status ? what 's he status ? Hoot turn around in the humvee , instantly assess : hoot he 's dead . struecker he 's dead . he 's dead . mcknight and steele both look stunne . someone dead ? that just do not happen here . int . matthew' black hawk - same time 98 observation bird pilot the casualty be not gonna make it . int . joc - same time 99 garrison glance down briefly , then back up , joc silent . 100 101 102 103 104 105 48 . int . struecker' humvee - continued 100 a stunne hush -- static -- from the speaker . then bullet hammer the outside of the truck -- struecker someone get on that .50 ! Hoot be already climb up into the turret . hoot it 's mine . outside - Hoot sight a_line_of somali gunmen_up ahead and on building top . Hoot let loose with a cruel sweep of the - 50 caliber . huge slug blast into the masonry -- dust and stone mixing with crimson splatter of blood . int . wolcott's black hawk - same time 101 wolcott fly above the city . ext . mogadishu STREET - same time 102 mo' alim drive a technical in reverse down a tight street , keep pace with wolcott 's circle Black Hawk . mo' alim slam the brake and three Somalia jump out with rpg tube . mo' alim leap off the vehicle . his man with the rpgs await he signal . as the chopper turn in the sky -- int . wolcott's black hawk - same time 103 busch , Delta sniper , speak into he headset -- busch I get three guy with rpgs come up on you side now ! ext . mogadishu STREET - same time 104 mo'alim shout , he hand drop , and he man FIRE . whooosh ! int . wolcott's black hawk - same time 105 before wolcott can react a rpg boom into the tail rotor . busch 's foot shoot out the cargo door . wolcott all right , we get a hit ! stay with it ! 106 107 108 109 49 . int . joc - same time 106 garrison watch the drift Black Hawk on a screen . radioman ( v.o. ) go down , he 's hit , he 's hit ! int . wolcott's black hawk - continuous 107 wolcott and copilot briley be the picture of calm as gauge go blank and the helicopter begin to spin . wolcott hey , bull , you wanna pull that pcl offline or what ? briley , already struggle to pull the lever , return wolcott 's grin . briley Roger , they be off , elvis . wolcott ( remarkably calm ) six one go down ... from everyone's position on the ground : eversmann , mcknight , steele and other watch from they vantage point as Super six one drift away from they field of view -- int . wolcott's black hawk - continuous 108 Bush grip a metal bar with one hand , chopper 's spin intensifying . wolcott six one go down . hold on ! ext . crash site 1 - same time 109 impact ! the Black Hawk explode into a enormous concrete fountain , flip sideways , slam onto the road , nose burrow into the dirt , control panel crumpling , glass shatter inward -- wolcott and briley kill instantly . everything envelop in dust . somalis run away in every direction . 50 . 110 int . joc - day 110 garrison look at the screen . frantic voice on the command net echo in the room : voice ( v.0 . ) we get a Black Hawk down ! we get a Black Hawk down ! we get a Black Hawk own ! 111 int . matthew' black hawk - same time 1414 harrell Super six one be down ! we get a bird down in the city ! 112 int . durant black hawk - same time 112 durant scan the horizon . voice ( v.0 . ) we get a Black Hawk down ! we get a Black Hawk down ! flash - to atto in he cell , sit perfectly still , cigar smoke swirl around he head . it 's as if he know what 's happen ... 113 int . joc - day 113 on screen - the crash . garrison ( into headset ) get a mh - 6 on -site , check for survivor . send in the sar bird . I want ground force to move and secure a new perimeter around that crash site . can you guide the convoy in there ? harrell ( v.o. ) ah , Roger that . garrison well , move quick . the whole damn city will be come down on top of they . harrell begin relaying the instruction down the chain to the pilot . 114 ext . chalk one , halwadig road - later 114 steel two five , this be six four , over ? 115 116 117 118 119 ext . chalk 4 corner - same time eversmann try to find out what they be suppose to do now . eversmann this be two five , over . ext . chalk one , halwadig road - cont . steele two five , chalk four be close to the crash site , over ? ext . chalk 4 corner - cont . eversmann six four . I can not see the crash site . over . ext . chalk one , halwadig road - cont . steele be try to communicate with eversmann on the radio . steele two five , it 's too East of you . you will not find it . at least secure the area . repeat , move you chalk on foot to crash . check for survivor , secure the area . all other chalk will follow , over ? ( nothing but static ) two five , you read I , over ? ext . chalk 4 corner eversmann can not take it any longer . signal to he man . eversmann goucher , strick . get twombly ! hey , there 's a Black Hawk down . twombly Nelson , you be gonna stay here , you be gonna hold this corner , then exit with the Humvees . galentine , schmid , you be come with I . all right ? let 's go ! move out ! nelson how come I gotta stay back here ? eversmann because you be dependable . all right , let 's go . go ! ( continued ) 51 . 115 116 117 118 119 119 120 1214 122 52 . continued : 119 eversmann take off with the rest of he chalk : galentine , yurek , goodale , kurth , Smith , Doc schmid , and waddell . nelson I hate be dependable , man . steele look down the block , see a distant eversmann and he chalk leave . he can not see Nelson and twombly behind they cover . steele think the message be receive . int . joc - later 120 garrison we just lose the initiative . garrison stare at the down Black Hawk on the screen . ext . street - day 121 militia and irregular emerge from alley and building around the bakara market . as they begin move east toward the crash we rise up above the building , see some of they parallel to the route eversmann 's small group be take , just one block over -- eversmann let 's go ! as they become expose around a corner , they take on heavy fire . a rpg explode at they foot . they return fire , throw grenade . Little bird provide cover from the sky , wipe out a somali machine gunner , clear the way for eversmann 's chalk . eversmann go ! they run and fire . ext . target build - day 122 somali sniper be still fire from rooftop across the street . wex duck gunfire . sanderson blast the rooftop . wex we have still get guy inside . sanderson all right , all right , I be go to go to the crash . ( continued ) 53 . 122 continued : 122 123 wex okay . you take the rest of the team ; I will finish load the prisoner . steele shout to be hear . steele negative ! we proceed to the crash site together | secure the perimeter and wait for the Humvees ! Roger , Sir ! mcknight Roger that . steele I will take the lead . sanderson stare down the block , impatient . steele Sir , be you receive I ? sanderson I hear you . we should be leave , sir . as if to punctuate he point , a rpg nick the hood of a humvee and explode against the target building . othic and Joyce duck , mcknight do not . debris rain down on the ranger of chalk one and Delta man . mcknight all right , we need to move out now ! I will finish load the prisoner , pick you up at the crash site . men ( in unison ) Roger ! steele let 's move out ! sanderson come on , let 's go ! chalk one and Delta element begin move on foot toward the distant crash . mcknight load up the prisoner . ext . STREET - day 123 steele and he man be in the lead , Delta behind . in the rear , hugging the wall , be grime . sanderson yell back -- ( continued ) 123 124 125 54 . continued : 123 sanderson hey , hey ! stay away from the wall , whoever you be ! but the wall seem safe to grime . he 's not get away from they even if he life depend on it , which it do . he chug along behind the Delta to keep up as -- he hear a loud fwooosh ! , turn to see -- a rpg , streaking right at he . grime duck behind a low wall as it ricochet and -- ba-whoom ! -- hit right above he head . sanderson stop fire , look back at grime who appear behind he . sanderson you okay ? grime yeah ! ext . target build - day 124 mcknight and maddox jump in the humvee and take off with the somali prisoner . mcknight let 's go , maddox ! maddox , look at this little skinny bastard ! you muther fucker ! go , go , go , leave , leave , leave , leave ! maddox steer with he shoulder hunch in fear . ext . chalk 4 corner and street - late afternoon 125 Nelson and twombly , leave behind at chalk 4 , be crouch behind a burn - out technical , reloading . there be body of somali gunman around it . a Black Hawk fly overhead . nelson twombly ? twombly ! twombly what ? nelson I think they have forget we ! twombly what ? ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 55 . continued : 125 nelson it do not matter . int . joint operation CENTER - same 126 garrison watch the grainy image from p3 orion as somali militia run towards the down Black Hawk . observation bird pilot ( v.0o . ) indigenous personnel move to the crash . cribb say again , over ? observation bird pilot ( v.0o . ) a lot of people close in . garrison how far be chalk four from the crash site ? operator ( 0.s. ) about six block , sir. garrison ( 0.s. ) well they need to haul ass ! int / ext wolcott's black hawk - day 127 wolcott be dead . Dan busch crawl out of the wreckage . he fire , try to keep somali gunman from the down chopper . target pop up . everywhere . busch hit every one , plugging round into the fleeting form of armed militia . int . joint operation CENTER - same 128 garrison watch gunfire on the screen around the crash site . ext . crash site - cont . busch take a bullet in the knee and nearly go down . nearby - eversmann group the chalk split , move to opposite side of the street . gunfire erupt from the corner , yurek , kurth and galentine run for a burn - out car . galentine drop he weapon as he dive for cover . eversmann scotty ! scotty , be you okay ? ( continued ) 128 129 130 56 . continued : 128 across the street , eversmann watch , then glance ahead and see the tip of a rifle poke out from behind the edge of a building . glancing back , he see galentine , obviously about to run back out to retrieve he weapon in the middle of the street . eversmann no ! do not go ! galentine can not hear or can not understand and hurry out . to cover he , eversmann have to step into the street , fire at the edge of the building . they continue move . then a technical come up behind they , bullet fly . galentine look at he hand , cover with blood . his thumb be hang by a thread of skin . ext . street - day 129 eversmann and the other be fire nearly nonstop . it 's chaos . yurek go , go , go ! eversmann cross the street , duck behind yurek . fire in that direction . yurek signal the other to move . yurek go! go! the rest of the group continue along the block as yurek cover fire at the approach mob . he turn to follow they as kratakratakrak ! AK - 47 gunfire wail down at yurek , he kick in the tin door of the nearest structure he can find , diving into -- int . schoolroom - same time 130 -- a cramped schoolroom , cluttere with terrify kid huddle in a corner with they 16 year - old teacher . bullet explode through the tin door . bullet zing ! through the tin , explode around the room . yurek put he finger over he mouth to be quiet . ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 134 57 . continued : 130 the teacher stare at he , nod . she get the message . yurek see a back door . move over to it . turn to the kid , wave . one child wave back , smile at he . peek out . clear . step outside . ext . behind the classroom - day 131 poke he head out to check the Street . look both way as -- a somali gunman fire at he from one direction as -- the somali 's ten year old son , AK - 47 too big for he little hand , fire from the other direction , poorly aim bullet ricochete off the crumble alley wall , just miss yurek , a bullet take the heel of he boot off . yurek pull he head back just in time as -- the somali man groan , hit by ricochet of he son 's bullet . the man crumple to the dirt , die . yurek see the kid run past he to he father , on he knee over he father , wail , AK - 47 forget . yurek hold he gun on die father and son . about to fire . do not . then run . ext . halwadig road - day 132 the mcknight humvee convoy start up halwadig . a voice crackle through the radio : observation bird pilot ( v.0 . ) unit one , this be six four , you have to slow down . inside mcknight's humvee mcknight Romeo , six four , I need to know before I get to the god damned street ! int . matthews c2 bird - same 133 observation bird pilot you have to slow down , there 's a delay from the time direction be relay from p - 3 , to joc , then to I . inside mcknight's humvee 134 mcknight yell back through the radio . ( continued ) 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 58 . continued : 134 mcknight we can not slow down ! we be take heavy enemy fire ! we can not slow down ! ext . base hangar - day 135 sizemore be among thirty technician , mechanic and cook , all gather around a big radio , listen with dawn horror at the drama out there . int . joint operation CENTER - later 136 general garrison ( stand , to cribb ) what in the hell be the status of struecker 's Humvees ? cribb General harrell , eta to base , strueker 's column ? ext./ int . strueker' column - day 137 the convoy rumble down the road . Thomas hold a bloody pilla . Hoot stand at the turret gun , no longer fire -- in a daze . ext . crash site - day 138 busch lean against the chopper wall surround by a dozen dead somali gunman shot at close range . busch 's face be gray . blood stream down he nose . int . joc - same 139 silence . garrison watch the orion plane 's grainy image of maier landing he Little Bird at the crash site . ext . crash site - day 140 a dust storm kick up as maier and he copilot Jones set the Little Bird down in front of wolcott 's crash Black Hawk . ext . adjacent alley to black hawk crash - later 141 eversmann and he guy come around the corner . through a massive city archway , they can see wolcott 's down chopper , lie on its side . Little Bird whirling in front of it . eversmann motion for he man to follow he . they charge through the enormous city gate , bullet slapping around they . 142 143 59 . ext . crash site - day 142 Clark and Jones run toward the crash from they Little Bird . find busch lean against the Black Hawk , weapon aim . Jones and Clark throw busch 's arm over they shoulder , and the three move to the chopper . somali gunfire raining around they . ext . adjacent alley to black hawk crash - same 143 eversmann galentine , you alright ? ( galentine nod ) cover fire ! go ! galentine we will cover ! eversmann and he team run in to the crash site . they be now in a enormous open area , four road lead out -- four possible lane of fire to worry about . Jones and Clarke get the limp Dan busch into the Little Bird as eversmann charge over , shout : eversmann hey , how many be in there ? jone two pilot be dead . two crew chief be wounded . this guy 's hurt bad . we gotta get out of here , now ! eversmann okay . Jones help Clarke inside , jump in , maier lift off into the swirl dust as rpgs explode around the Little Bird . eversmann crouch low , bullet pinging around he as he dash to the down chopper . see wolcott 's dead body . the Little Bird fly away . a technical roar down the street . a Ranger shoot a rocket at it . it burst into flame as eversmann sprint from wolcott 's Black Hawk , join Smith and goodale in a mortar cavity carve into a wall . eversmann ( into radio ) two six , two six , this be two five . ( continued ) 60 . 143 continued : 143 eversmann the guys_are shoot up the technical , over ! ext . corner near wolcott crash site - cont . as Di tomasso 's chalk 3 arrive at one of the cross street , he answer eversmann . DI tomasso two six , two six , roger that ! eversmann Di tomasso ! take the Southeast border , we will set up a perimeter , over ? DI tomasso Delta two six , Roger that . move my man out . move out ! Di tomasso nod and wave he man to a structure on the Southeast corner . they move and take immediate heavy fire . eversmann Captain steele , Captain steele , come in ! 144 intercut to steele - 144 steele eversmann go ahead two five , this be six four ! eversmann we get two wounded and we get both the pilot dead in the chopper . we need a medivac over here now ! steele two five , they be tell I it 's too hot to land the bird . you gotta secure the perimeter first , over . eversmann where be the Humvees ? steele advise two five the convoy will be there . they be encounter light resistance . six four out . signal to kurth . eversmann kurth ! ( continued ) 144 145 146 147 61 . continued : 144 kurth let 's go ! they move out . ext . base hangar - day 145 struecker' three humvee pull in to the hangar area . hundred swarm toward they . ranger hey , we need a medic ! hey , we need a medic immediately to get this last load in ! bloody body be carry out of the Humvees on stretcher . sizemore , cast on he arm , watch as pilla be take out , dead . blackburn , break . half the other , bleed . in a humvee -- Hoot 's head peer in . there 's already the buzzing of fly over the pool of blood and gristle . int / ext . mcknight's convoy - day 146 Light resistance ? it 's the fuck end of the world -- swarm of bullet rake the humvee squad , rpgs streaking by with deadly whisper , explode into wall . a .50 gunner slump down in the turret , hit . mcknight get the .50 up ! God dammit ! a Ranger try , can not get through the body block the way . mcknight all I see be a roadblock . int . matthews c2 bird - same time 147 harrell alright , I be go to have to figure out another way . on the humvee behind - a rpg hit the back of the vehicle , fling alberto rodriguez , wex and another man into the street like unwanted toy during a child 's tantrum . mcknight ( leaping out , shout ) give I a defensive perimeter so we can load the wounded ! ( continued ) 147 148 62 . continued : 147 Joyce , kowalewski and other ranger leap out , fire at . window , doorway , rooftop . othic near y step on a hand in the street , do not know whose it be . he will figure it out later ; put it in he pocket . ranger Fire you weapon , othic ! mcknight come upon the writhe wex . the Delta Operator have no lower half of he body . wex be mutter something , somehow still alive , reach up at mcknight , take he hand and squeezing . wex tell my girl they will be okay . mcknight watch he die . then yell out . mcknight othic ! othic run low -- to mcknight 's side . mcknight medic ! othic and a medic carry wex , put he inside the humvee .. Joyce return fire . then take a shot in the back where he remove the vest panel . crumple to the street . kowalewski and mcknight drag Joyce 's limp body toward the truck . int . matthew' black hawk - day 148 mcknight ( v.0 . ) get we off this fuck street ! ( into radio ) where 's the crash site ? say again ? harrell keep go straight 200 meter . mcknight ( v.0 . ) okay . int . mcknight's humvee - cont . mcknight hop into the cab , bullet again explode into the convoy , shout to maddox - ( continued ) 148 149 63 . continued : 148 mcknight let 's go , let 's go ! ext . chalk 4 corner and street - same 149 silence . Nelson and twombly , leave behind at chalk 4 , be crouch in they bunker , reloading . there be body of somali gunman around it . but now , there be nothing but sporadic gunfire on the corner . Nelson glance back down the block toward the target house . nelson hey , twombles ? twombly what ? twombly stand and move over to Nelson . nelson come here ! the Humvees be not come back , dude . twombly really ? be we suppose to go to they ? nelson I think they be suppose to come to we . twombly shit , I think we be suppose to go to they . nelson shit ! twombly okay , let 's go to the crash site . nelson okay . just do not fire that thing so close to my head . I can barely hea as it be . twombly okay , move out . Nelson go first . he make it half a block before bullet start tick the wall around he . twombly cover . Nelson dive behind another smolder automobile carcass , turn and cover as twombly dive in beside he . ( continued ) 64 . 149 continued : 149 150 151 152 153 suddenly a armed figure appear across the street ; twombly fire inch from Nelson 's head . the gunman fall as the enormous boom of the saw ring in Nelson 's ear . he yell -- nelson what did I just tell you ? I swear to GOD if you ever ... another figure appear , and twombly have to fire again . nelson ( in pain ) ah ! twombly you okay ? you alright ? nelson ( can not hear a thing - shouting ) what ? int . build - day 150 militia with rpgs strapped to they back climb step for a better angle on the hover six eight Black Hawk . int . six EIGHT black hawk - day 151 the Black Hawk take fire . six EIGHT pilot sunnavabitch . c2 , this be six eight , we have be hit . int . matthew' black hawk - day 152 harrell ( into radio ) Super six eight , there be smoke come from the top of you rotor . advise you to come out now . six EIGHT pilot Roger . ext . 4 th floor build - same 153 the somalis set up to fire they rpgs at the Black Hawk . 154 155 156 157 158 65 . int . six EIGHT black hawk - same 154 six EIGHT pilot Art , I have get skinny with rpg 's at 12 o'clock , can you see they ? ranger slide down the rope . ranger 2 go , go ! six EIGHT gunner get them . give I 90 degree leave . ext . 4 th floor build - same 155 they be about to fire as the Black Hawk bank . relentless machine gun fire from the Black Hawk mow they down inside the building . int . six EIGHT black hawk - same 156 six EIGHT pilot six eight , come out . he bank the chopper away . harrell ( v.o. ) Super six eight be out . ext . chalk 4 corner and street - same 157 eversmann run for cover behind upend truck . eversmann galentine ! what 's the situation in there ? inside wolcott's downed black hawk - 158 galentine both pilot be dead . wilkinson ( into radio ) two five , we can not move this guy now . we will kill them just carry em. ( to other medic ) stabilize in here ? galentine Roger ! ( continued ) 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 66 . continued : wilkinson stabilize in here . repeat , stabilize in the bird , over . back to eversmann eversmann understood wilky , we get you cover , over . int . matthew' black hawk - same harrell ( into radio ) Super six four , come in and take wolcott 's position . int . durant black hawk - same durant Roger . six four 's inbound . he bank back toward the city center . pass over rooftop . ext . mogadishu STREET - same militant with rpgs fire at durant 's chopper . a rpg missile streak into durant 's chopper 's tail . the Black Hawk rock violently from the hit . the gauge blink but stay light . durant hear in he headset - harrell ( v.o. ) Super six four , you all right ? int . durant black hawk - same time durant this be Super six four . we be good . int . matthew' black hawk - same time harrell you sure ? you look like you get clipped pretty good . int . durant black hawk - same time durant and he copilot , Frank , check the gauge again . ( continued ) 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 164 165 166 167 168 67 . continued : 164 durant instrument panel be okay . no , we be good . get a slight vibration in the pedal . but we be good . int . matthew' black hawk - same time 165 harrell all right . put it down on the airfield , Super six four , have it check out . just to be safe . int. / ext durant black hawk - same time 166 durant Roger . durant bank away from the crash site , head south toward base , grid of narrow street and alley rush beneath he . outside , the bent tail rotor be looser and rattling louder . durant hey Ray , I be get a lot of movement in this pedal . check the system . suddenly - 167 the rotor pin pull free , slice through the gear box , and the entire tail assembly evaporate in a blur . Inside , there 's a high whine as the airframe vibrate . durant try to correct the spin with the pedal ; Frank kill the power with the ceiling lever . durant we lose the tail rudder ! six four 's go down . six four go down ! int . joc - same 168 silence ... garrison watch the orion plane 's grainy image of durant 's Black Hawk crash . eye lock on the monitor - monitor - durant 's chopper hit the ground , crumpling , twist into the dirt like a whale on the beach , main rotor still chopping at the air like a gasp . after stunne silence in the joc , garrison finally speak . ( continued ) 168 169 170 171 68 . continued : 168 garrison get struecker 's column back up there . they need to get to durant 's crash site , fast . operator I be on it . garrison all of they . harrell ( v.o. ) Super six four be down . ext . crash site - day 169 militiamen and ranger exchange gunfire . eversmann glance over at galentine , ghostly white , listen to he radio . eversmann what ? then eversmann 's hip radio squawk , and he hear the voice on the command net : radio voice Bird down ! Super six four be down . eversmann , look at the face of he chalk . eversmann they talk about another hawk ? his man nod . ext . mogadishu corner / near the 4 th floor build - day 170 steele and he thirty some ranger have enter a kill zone . spread all over the road , he man be pin down by gunfire from a fourth floor window in a building around the corner . they can not move forward down the street . down the STREET - sanderson and he Delta ( and grime ) be pin down , wait to move . sanderson shout through the walkie talkie : sanderson Captain steele , we gotta move or we be gonna get pin down ! intercut to steele - 171 ( continued ) 69 . 171 continued : 171 172 steele we be move as fast as we can ! you let I do my job and you do yours ! over ! sanderson we be gonna get chew up if we do not get off this street . ext . mogadishu corner / near the floor build - day 172 Ruiz fire when he 's suddenly lift and throw against a wall , blood spraying out he back , bullet enter just under be vest . ruiz fuck ! fuck ! fuck , fuck , I fuck know I be gonna get shot ! steele and he ranger be still pin down . steele hover over Ruiz . steele medic ! a Ranger medic crouch along the street , gunfire blast over he head . start work on Ruiz . down the block - as bullet whiz past he and he Delta team , sanderson mutter to himself -- sanderson fuck this . ( into radio ) cap and steele , we will take out the window , we 'li rally point at the gray building . come through , aptain ! on steele - he look back at sanderson and Delta down the block behind he . steele sergeant ! sanderson all right , let 's move , let 's move ! sanderson click off the radio . give Delta command by hand signal . the Delta team move down the block . grime look behind he . no one there . he take a deep breath and hustle after Delta . on steele - he position be under blistering fire . ( continued ) 172 173 174 70 . continued : 172 sanderson and Delta - pass steele and he beleaguere ranger without a second glance . grime keep follow Delta . kratakratakrak ! bullet immediately track the Delta team from the fourth floor window . sanderson move ! move ! move ! as delta move in a crouch alongside a five foot high earthen mound . bullet kick up plume of dirt along the crest of the mound above Delta 's head as -- sanderson pull a grenade , yank the pin and run up the earthen mound , hurl the grenade four storey into the open window -- a perfect toss . a moment later -- the room explode , shred somali body hurtle outward . more bullet rain at they from every direction : sanderson let 's go ! let 's move ! grime run along the earthen mound again . more bullet rip past he as he run . steele and he ranger follow the deltas . steele move it ! ext . stable - day 173 bullet rain down on Delta from every conceivable direction as they sprint to the first cover they can find . sanderson be behind they and dive into -- int . stable - 174 a stable - no live animal here . carcass , bone , pile of molder hay , ratty couch in a corner . High stone courtyard wall protect they from somali bullet . grime , cover in concrete powder , run inside . sanderson come on , come on ! let 's go , let 's go ! come on , bring them down ! 71 . 175 int / ext steele's stable courtyard - day 175 as steele and other ranger spill into the filthy stable courtyard a rpg blast the building ranger be help ping wounded comrade through the doorway , while group of other carry seriously wounded man . sanderson grab he ! move he ! move he out of here ! go , go , go ! steele whirl on sanderson , furious . steele what the fuck be you do out there ? sanderson do my job ! look , we gotta get to that crash site ! we gotta get on that street and we gotta move ! now you have get to keep up , Sir ! steele say under he breath so the other will not hear : steele ( livid ) we be combat ineffective . we have get too many dang wounded to move . sanderson then give I some of you shooter and it at will get we closer to the ird ! steele nod . his eye travel around the room . his ranger be blood spatter , daze , shell - shocked . most be frankly terrify . his gaze fall on grime . steele grime ! you be with chalk four ! grime flinch . grime yes , Sir ! steele speak to he ranger , but he 's look right at sanderson as he say : steele all right , who 's go with Delta ? grime join with sergeant eversmann . grime ' face fall . ( continued ) 175 176 177 178 72 . continued : 175 steele the rest of you man secure the position . treat the wounded , and we will wait for the convoy . then we will rally at the crash site . Roger ! the other ranger breathe a sigh of relief . sanderson give grime a once over . shake he head . this be who he get ? finally he sigh , grab he weapon . sanderson my guy , let 's go ! steele all right , let 's cover he ! a look from sanderson be all Delta need to let they know they be move out . they start filing back out into the dangerous street . grime head to the door , uncertain . with a last look back at steele , grime ready himself . then he run after Delta . ext . STREET - day 176 sanderson and Delta emerge from the stable , grime trail . Delta be fluid , move from cover to cover , fan out on either side of the street . grime hustle after they . ext . crash site - late afternoon 177 silence . strapped to the seat of he down Black Hawk , durant slowly come to . int . / ext . goffena's black hawk - day 178 circle , goffena and he copilot yacone can see durant 's down Black Hawk below . in back , also look down at it , be Delta sniper shughart and Gordon . there 's a crowd move toward the crash from several block away . goffena radios - goffena Romeo ; six two . I get two Delta sniper volunteering to go in to secure crash Site 2 , over . ( continued ) 73 . 178 continued : 178 matthews ( v.0 . ) no , six two , that be negative to the request . 179 int . matthew' black hawk - same time 179 matthews we do not see anything move down there now . we do not even know if anyone 's alive . a ground team be be organize to go in now . goffena eta of ground team , over ? matthews ah , unknown . not long . do what you can from the air . 180 ext . crash site - late afternoon 180 still trap to he seat , durant see through the shattered windshield the Black Hawk fly overhead . 181 etx . base garage - day 181 struecker stand before the batter humvee . struecker all right , gather around ! all right , durant 's six four be down . ( ranger mutter in anger ) we be go back in to get em . now there be a prolong silence . ranger look at he like he 's nut . Three Humvees behind he be bloody swiss cheese . thomas that 's crazy ! be there anyone alive on that ? Thomas look at other ranger , some just as scared as he be . struecker it do not matter . no one get leave behind . you know that . hoot we be waste time here . struecker all right ! refit , max out ammo and grenade . you have get five . ( continued ) 74 . 181 continued : 181 sizemore be gear up , wear unlace boot , swim in a enormous extra flak vest . struecker sizemore , where the hell do you think you be go ? sizemore with you guy . struecker not with that cast on you be not . sizemore pull out he survival knife and go to cut off he cast . struecker all right , all right , all right . go get you k -pak . struecker move off to get ammo and see Thomas ' worried face . struecker hey , talk to I . thomas I can not go back out there . struecker Thomas , everyone feel the same way you do , all right ? it 's what you do right now that make a difference . it 's you call . hooah ! struecker walk off . thomas hooah . 182 int . base garage - later 182 Hoot slap in a magazine , already be -- supply with grenade and ammo . he grab a bunch of night vision goggle , slip they in a pack . ranger stare at he . struecker be grab ammo when Hoot pull he aside . hoot it will probably help to wash the blood out of the Humvees . 183 184 75 . ext . base garage - day 183 struecker 's Humvees be slowly pull out , everyone , from company cook to mechanic run after it , gear up with borrow armor , leaping on , want to join in the fight . Thomas watch struecker 's load humvee . base ranger ( run alongside ) sergeant struecker , wait ! sergeant struecker ! can I go , Sir ? struecker you get some ammo ? ( the Ranger do ) hop in . struecker look back at Thomas . Thomas , take a hit from he inhaler , finally summon the courage , run to catch up . thomas sergeant ! pull the door open and jump in . ext . darkened STREET corner - sunset 184 Nelson and twombly , still look for crash site one , charge to a corner . the random burst of gunfire keep they on edge . twombly which way ? twombly shrug : which way ? he motion down the street , leave or right ? Nelson look down the street . nelson ( shouting ) that way I think . twombly ( whisper ) sshh ! do not talk so fuck loud ! twombly hear something , come down the block , a strange sound . -- clop , clack , clop . motion Nelson back . sound grow louder , closer . ( continued ) 184 76 . continued : 184 eye wide , twombly aim he saw as --a donkey come clopping past , pull a cart without a driver . the animal briskly trot past twombly , who nearly blow it head off . twombly motion to Nelson . they run . down the block - on a different corner , yurek be press against a alley wall , terrify , alone , eye wide . hear a ghostly , disturbing sound , come closer -- clop , clop , clop . yurek prepare himself , gun aim . the same donkey come clatter into the alley , walk right up to the stunne yurek . yurek Nice donkey . yurek pat its head as he take a look out into the wide intersection . then he bolt -- running around a corner , down another block , around another corner . twombly and nelson level they weapon at he and start shoot . yurek ranger ! nelson who ? yurek it 's yurek , you fuck asshole ! twombly fuck ! no , we almost fuck kill you ! oh , come to we ! yurek , completely out of breath ; try to speak . yurek fuck you ! come to I ! twombly and Nelson run to yurek . nelson sorry sarge . twombly okay , never mind . you bring the nod , right ? yurek give he a weary look . gasp out -- ( continued ) 77 . 184 continued : ( 2 ) 184 yurek no . no , I do not bring it . and you want to know why ? ' Cause you say : you be not gonna need that , dude , we will be back in a half hour . twombly man , I be not say it to you . yurek ( look at Nelson ) Nelson , cover this way . Nelson do not hear he . twombly man , we be gonna need night vision . yurek grab Nelson . Nelson turn around . yurek what 's the matter with you ? nelson huh ? twombly oh , he 's deaf . it 's my fault , I ... we really need to get out of here . yurek we can not be far from the crash . which way ? twombly I think you might know . they take off down the street . 185 ext . crash site - day 185 eversmann 's man be shoot constantly , try to keep the grow crowd of somalis from the down chopper . eversmann ( to galentine ) give I Nelson and twombly now ! galentine nod and click the handset of he radio , shouting over the sound of gunfire . ( continued ) 78 . 185 continued : 185 galentine Nelson ... twombly , come in ! this be galentine . over. Nelson , twombly , come in , this be galentine ! we need the position of the convoy , over ? galentine shout in frustration : galentine I can not raise they , sergeant ! I can not raise they ! eversmann swear under he breath as bullet explode over he head . eversmann we gotta get the fuck out of here and evac ! goodale no , we can not move '' they . we be stay right here until the convoy get here ! understood ? ( to all he man ) we stay with the plan . understood ? eversmann let 's get back to the stronghold ! come on ! 186 int . joint operation CENTER - later 186 cribb point to the map of Mogadishu . a big X represent wolcott 's crash , another , further away , durant 's crash . cribb Ground force have occupy several building along marehan Road -- they be all spread out . eversmann 's chalk four have set up a perimeter around wolcott 's crash site , here . ( mark a spot ) id tomasso be in the adjacent structure . ( mark a more distant spot ) Captain steele and about forty man of ranger be here , a couple block away . they be bang up pretty bad . he 's set up a casualty collection oint . I , do not think they be gonna e able to move . sergeant sanderson and a small Delta team be move from steele 's position to the crash site as we speak . 187 188 79 . ext . STREET near crash - sunset 187 sanderson be behind wreckage make by a mortar blast . he see grime near he , wonder briefly where he come from . sanderson when this guy stop fire , I will have four second to get to they corner . cover I . go ! grime nod as bullet slam into the wall above they . grime run forward . the gunfire pause . before sanderson can move , grime have leapt out of the crater . grime I get it ! grime - charge the corner , seemingly take forever to get there . he round the corner and come face to face with -- two somali gunman , frantically try to change magazine as they see grime slide to a stop before they . they slap in the mag , raise they weapon , but -- grime wave a burst of gunfire over they . grime turn to sanderson - 188 sanderson ( shouting ) rpg ! a rpg slam into the wall behind grime , bury he in debris . this time he must be dead . sanderson charge to the mound of rubble , toss aside thirty - pound chunks of mortar and concrete . sanderson pull grime out , daze , hair blacken , helmet go . sanderson ( cont 'd ) you all right ? you okay , man ? grime yeah ! I can hear bell ringing . sanderson give grime a nod and a thumb up . sanderson ( laugh ) come on , come on ! let 's go ! ( continued ) 188 189 190 191 192 193 80 . continued : 188 sanderson help grime up . int. / ext . goffena's black hawk - late afternoon 189 a crowd scatter from the low - fly Black Hawk but then reform again , head toward durant 's crash chopper . goffena sweep around to make another pass . goffena Romeo , shughart and Gordon again request permission to secure until convoy arrive , over . int . joc - same time 190 garrison watch crowd of somalis charge down the street on the screen . int . matthews c2 bird - same time 191 matthews can barely hear goffena over the frantic_voice of the command net . he reach out and shut down all radio channel . silence except for rotor . speak to harrell : harrell General , crowd 's in the hundred now . from where they be , they can see it clearer than any of we . they know what they be ask . int . joc - same time 192 silence except for the static . finally -- garrison let I talk to they . int . goffena's black hawk - same time 193 shughart and Gordon hear over they headsets -- garrison ( v.0 . ) this be garrison . I want to make sure that ya will understand what you be ask for so say it out loud . gordon we be ask to go in to set upa perimeter until ground support arrive . intercut to garrison - ( continued ) 81 . 193 continued : 193 garrison now you understand I can not tell you when that might be . it could take quite a while . shughart Roger that . garrison ( v.0 . ) and you still want to go in ? gordon yes , sir . 194 back in the joc - 194 garrison chew on this for a moment . then : garrison Colonel harrell . harrell ( v.o. ) yes , General . garrison it 's you call . harrell ( v.o. ) Roger that . goffena ? put em in . 195 back in goffena's black hawk - 195 goffena turn and give shughart and Gordon the thumb up . 196 int . durant black hawk - later 196 visible through the windscreen , durant look up at the Delta sniper in the chopper above and see goffena 's Black Hawk fly off . 197 ext . mogadishu street - later 197 mcknight 's convoy roll through a hail of gun fire . int . mcknight's humvee - cont . mcknight shake he head as casing rain down on he from the gun turret above . mcknight mother fucker , mother fucker ! the humvee take fire from all side . ( continued ) 197 82 . continued : 197 int . five ton truck - cont . a shaft of light tear through the door and into othic 's shoulder . a round hit othic in the knee . he scream and then see a rpg come straight at the driver 's door . othic rpg ! the rpg come crash through the metal -- but do not explode . the convoy stop . mcknight walk to alphabet 's truck and yank the door open . daze , othic look to kowalewski : there 's a foot long rpg missile embed in he chest , fin stick out he leave side , arm severe off . kowalewski be dead . othic there 's a fuck bomb in he , Sir . mcknight othic , calm down , god dammit ! that 's live ammo ! now get out ! othic jump out of the humvee . mcknight get kowalewski out of the truck . mcknight come on , let 's move he . Son of a bitch ! the man lift the dead kowalewski to a humvee . mcknight all right , lift he up , lift he up . easy , easy , all right , get he in there . good , good , easy , easy ! othic try to climb into the humvee as well as the man gingerly load kowalewski in to the back . mcknight get back in that truck and drive . othic I be shot , Colonel . mcknight everybody 's shot . we need the prisoner . let 's go ! 83. 198 int . matthews c2 bird - later 198 a voice crackle through the radio . radio voice ( v.0 . ) c3 say to take halwadig and take it straight . harrell mcknight , we need you to turn around and head back to halwadig . intercut to mcknight - radio back -- mcknight you be shitting I . we just come through there . there 's gotta be a better way ! harrell that 's the info I be get from joc . you need to turn around and head back . mcknight look at maddox . shake he head . mcknight Roger that , roger that . I can not believe this shit . ( sigh ) turn we around , maddox . maddox they be try to get we fuck kill , be not they , Sir ? mcknight just get it over with . drive ! maddox God damn ! mcknight just , just get we outta here , god dammit ! drive ! resigned , maddox execute a k-turn . the column slowly turn around . maddox hit the gas . they head right back into the fray . Hell begin anew . hundred of round rake the vehicle , punch hole through metal . the windshield shatter , spraying glass into maddox 's face . ( continued ) 198 199 84 . continued : 198 maddox ahhh ! I be blind . ( grab the wheel ) keep you foot on the gas ! a bullet ping into the doorframe next to mcknight , slice into he neck . blood spray the dashboard . mcknight fuck ! he press a hand on he wound . maddox 's face be a mass of blood , hand to he eye . but he keep step on the pedal , mcknight steering , neck bleed . ext . crash site - late afternoon 199 still strapped to he seat durant see the Black Hawk fly overhead . hear somali voice , yell , come closer . tries to reach back for he rifle , grunt in agony , back damage . can not get to it . sweating , reach , swear in pain as -- somali face appear in he windscreen , raise they aks at he . durant raise one arm to protect himself as he fire -- the first somali gunman 's chest explode . Gordon and shughart land . gunfire raging as they charge toward the chopper . durant - somalis charge the Black Hawk . durant fire away . he see shughart and Gordon round the corner , boot slapping earth . appear like angel . they fire at the approach somalis . shughart bang on the Black Hawk . shughart friendly ! shughart check Frank 's pulse . durant God , it 's good to see ! gordon oh , it 's good to see you . how bad ? durant my leg 's break . my back feel kinda weird . ( continued ) 85 . 199 continued : 199 200 gordon we gotta get you outta here , buddy . I be pull he out . cover ! Gordon gently lift durant from the chopper and he scream in pain . shughart cover . shughart I be gonna put you down . they prop he against a wall . gordon Cross , we be at the six four crash sight , secure the perimeter . you all right ? durant yeah , I be good . shughart put durant 's mp - 5 in he hand . gordon you be lock and load . if you see anyone come around this corner -- you watch you back . shughart and Gordon run back to the crash site . durant hey ! where 's the rescue squad ? gordon whirl , say : shughart we be it ! durant be leave alone , cradling he mp - 5 . int . stable - day 200 steele talk to harrell on the radio . steele c2 , you keep talk about a convoy , I would dearly like to know where in sam hill that be , over ? harrell ( v.o. ) perimeter have to be tighter for the convoy . you be too far from the crash . they spread out like that , and you be all liable to be overrun . over . ( continued ) 200 201 86 . continued : 200 steele c2 , if I use two man for each wounded , I still get nobody leave to shoot . now , we be stay where we be , over ? Ruiz sigh . ext . street - day 201 in the lead humvee of the lose convoy , maddox mop at he bloody face while mcknight , peer out the break windshield , drive , he neck a mess of blood ... mcknight find himself in front of a familiar building -- the target building . mcknight stop , stop , stop , stop , stop , maddox , stop ! int . mcknight's humvee - cont . maddox face be a bloody mess . he slam on the brake . mcknight ( resign , into radio ) Son of a bitch ! Romeo six four we be right back where we start ! I be run low on ammo . I get many wounded , include I . vehicle that be barely run . harrell ( v.o. ) okay , Danny , I need a no bcs . assessment here . can you get to the crash site ? mcknight hear groan of the wounded in back , sound of tire rim grind on the road , bullet smack into metal . maddox Colonel , I can not see shit . mcknight negative . with the amount of wounded we have , we would do more harm than good . we need to come back to base , rearm and regroup and then we can go back out . harrell Roger . 202 203 87 . int . joc - same time 202 monitor this , garrison speak into a headset . garrison c2 ... bring them back . get them out of there ! harrell Roger , return to base . int . mcknight's humvee - cont . mcknight shout to the wounded man in back . mcknight we be go home . let 's go ! Left ! go , go , go , go , god dammit ! run that mother fucker over ! go , go , go ! Left , leave , leave , leave , leave ! we be gonna be home in a second , we be gonna be home in a second . hang on ! God dammit , you guy hang on ! int . eversmann position - later 203 galentine throw he radio headset down . eversmann what 's up ? galentine they be send them back . the convoy 's head back to base camp . some of the other man hear it and look over to eversmann . what now ? what do he suggest now ? waddell oh , now that make sense , do not it ? we need to exfil the wounded now , and get the hell outta here before its too late ! smith if Colonel mcknight go back to base , then he have a damn good reason . it change nothing . right now , some of he man do not seem too convinced . ( continued ) 88 . 203 continued : 203 eversmann all right , listen up . we be gonna hold the perimeter . we be gonna hold the strongpoint . hooah ! eversmann look at each man , into the wide , scared eye of Smith , galentine , kurth , goodale , waddell and Doc schmid . men ( in unison ) hooah ! eversmann conserve you ammo . only shoot at what you can hit . hooah ? men ( in unison ) hooah ! his man stare out into the city , grip weapon . fear turn to anger , confusion into focus . eversmann the convoy 's gonna come . we be gonna get home . 204 ext . durant crash site - dusk 204 Delta sniper gordon and shughart be sprawle out under the ruin chopper tail , ammo magazine pile beside they . they FIRE at endless target . countless AK - 47 muzzle flash flare from every direction . a live nightmare . gordon load . Gordon slap in a ammo mag , shughart cover they . gordon' Pov - fire again , he hit everything . militia be nail in the head , chest , some target 100 yeard away . gordon Randy , I need a pistol mag ! shughart throw Gordon the mag and he load it . shughart load . ( continued ) 89 . 204 continued : 204 205 206 207 gordon fire at militia . overhead - thousand of somalis edge closer to they -- a armed , furious mob that will stop at nothing . shughart grab a magazine . shughart load . Gordon grab a magazine . pile of ammo get smaller . on the pile of magazine - Gordon reach for the last one . gordon Randy , last mag ! crowd of somalis now charge at they , make suicide run . too many of they . Gordon take a bullet in the head . shughart gordy ! shughart run in to Gordon . shughart fuck ! ext . durant crash site - dusk 205 durant be fire he mp - 5 at dozen of somalis . every time he fire they disappear behind wall . shughart scramble back to durant , give he a car - 15 rifle . the weapon be cover in blood . gordon' . shughart touch durant 's shoulder . shughart good luck . shughart again crawl under the chopper as -- somalis peer around the corner . durant fire at they . two more gunman poke they head around . durant fire again . ext . mogadishu street - moment later 206 hundred of somalis race towards the crash site . int . joc - later 207 garrison speak to cribb in the subdued joc . ( continued ) 207 90 . continued : 207 garrison we need the 10th Mountain in there . everything they get . Pakistanis , malay , I want they tank and apc . on the monitor , garrison can see roadblock go up in the street surround wolcott 's crash , box the Americans in . cribb they still do not know we have go in . garrison look . we have stir up the hornet 's nest here . we be fight the entire city . I want every vehicle possible . if it have four wheel and armor , get it ! get everything . garrison and cribb consult a map of Mogadishu , hostile and safe area outline in red and green . garrison now once they have assemble , we need to move we man out of the hostile area and back to the pakistani stadium , the safe zone . now let 's go ! cribb ( cribb nod -- sound good ) Roger that , boss . cribb leave the room . int . durant black hawk - cont . sound of a frantic fusillade echoe from the other side of the chopper . shughart 's gun roaring . AK - 47 fire back . the somalis charge toward shughart . fire a quick burst . the somalis fall dead as -- shughart take several bullet at close range . sound of the fusillade on the other side of the chopper continue . then ... the shoot stop . a strange dutty spot . then hundred of somalis swarm from either side of the helicopter . ext . durant crash site - cont . a somali pop he head around the corner . durant fire , drop he . click ! the weapon go dry as durant run out of ammo . ( continued ) g 1. 207 continued : ( 2 ) 207 208 209 the crowd drag the wounded crew from the chopper , tear off clothes , boot . durant have time to do one last thing : pull a snapshot of he wife and infant child from he flight suit pocket . somalis finally see he in the corner . they descend upon he . a rifle butt slam into durant 's face , break he nose and the orbital bone of he leave eye . he 's kick , spit on , uniform rip at , crowd try to pull he apart . the photo of he family fall from he grasp . in a haze of pain , he crawl after the snapshot . a boot stomp on he hand , photo kick away . kratakratat ! gunfire erupt over the crowd 's head . everything stop as mo'alim hop down from a technical skid to a halt , .50 caliber smoking . a big somali with he , firimbi , shout into a megaphone ; firimbi ( in somali , subtitle ) back up ! Mohamed farrah aidid claim this prisoner alive . durant open he eye , see mo'alim 's elaborate tattoo , he tooth stain orange and black from khat . as firimbi again shout into the megaphone , mo'alim fire he AK - 47 over the crowd 's head . somalis retreat as durant pass out again . ext . base - dusk 208 mcknight 's convoy arrive , batter and bloody . mcknight watch he man , many of they injure themselves , unload the wounded and dead . wex be dead . Joyce . several other . ext . street - dusk 209 struecker 's convoy keep move but be make little progress ; roadblock everywhere , constant volley of gunfire . harrell ( v.0 . ) see where that tire be burn ? all that black smoke ? ( continued ) 209 210 211 212 92 . continued : 209 struecker Roger , I can see it , but I can not get there . over . they can see the smoke in the sky , but all the street lead there be strategically block . int . matthews c2 bird - same time 210 harrell go a hundred meter past it , that 's the crash . intercut to struecker - 211 struecker negative . you do not understand , it 's roadblock after roadblock . you have to find we another route . over . harrell ( v.o. ) there be not one . the only other route be all the way around the city . struecker Roger that , we will take it . hoot ( grab the radio handset ) kilo six four , this be kilo one one , request permission to move to crash Site number 2 on foot . over . as Hoot reload and wait for a okay , struecker regards he like he 's nut . to struecker -- harrell ( v.o. ) Green light , kilo one . Green light . hoot stop the vehicle . let I out . struecker slow . Hoot jump out . rap on the side of the humvee for a couple of other Delta to join he , include . sizemore . the four run down a side street . ext . mosque tower - sunset 212 the voice come from a loudspeaker mount on the mosque . a unseen holy man intone the evening prayer - 213 214 215 216 93. int . eversmann group - sunset 213 eversmann hear the lone voice , too . then other voice join in from mosque loudspeaker elsewhere in the city . ext . steele's position - sunset 214 steele and he man listen to it in they stable . wilkinson adjust the drip on a iv bag . fluid slowly drip into the crew chief 's vein . tries to relax the other daze crew chief as he work : wilkinson after I be finish with this , I will whip yousboy up some margaritas . the usual , blend , no salt ? int . eversmann group - sunset 215 eversmann 's group listen to the evening prayer . radio voice ( v.0 . ) pomebody 's always gotta ruin a party , uh ? kurth ( in somali ) meat pa pa . Smith throw kurth he canteen . ext . other STREET - sunset 216 as the voice echo , sanderson and he group keep move through narrow slum street . he radio eversmann -- sanderson eversmann , come in . eversmann . intercut - with eversmann , he chalk in strategic position outside he alamo building . eversmann Roger . who be this ? sanderson sanderson . do not , I say again , do not fire to the east . we be come to you . eversmann ( into radio ) understood . ( continued ) 94 . 216 continued : 216 eversmann Di tomasso and he man be on the southeast corner . we need you on the northeast building . sanderson Roger , we will take it . eversmann hey , watch out for skinny . they be all over the rooftop . sanderson motion for he man to move forward . eversmann turn to he man -- eversmann ( quietly ) hold you fire to the east ! sanderson 's man move towards the northeast building . grime bring up the rear . sanderson follow he ! go , go . 217 ext . down the block - sunset 217 twombly , Nelson and yurek be sixty yard and across the | street from eversmann 's position . they dash out , the hulk shape of wolcott 's Black Hawk visible in the intersection . yurek eversmann . it 's yurek , I get , I get Nelson and twombly with I . we get the chopper in sight . where be you ? intercut - with eversmann . eversmann we be on the Southwest corner . where the hell have you be ? be you okay ? Nelson take ammo from a dead somali lie at they foot . yurek yeah . hold you fire . we be come in . yurek we gotta go . twombly ( shouting ) shawn , shawn , listen . sergeant yurek 's gonna run first . ( continued ) 95 . 217 continued : 217 twombly ( yurek 's look say , I be ? ) now when he get across the street , he 's gonna turn around and he 's gonna cover you as you run . listen closely - when you get there , you be gonna turn around and you be gonna cover I . okay ? Nelson nod , but twombly be not really sure he understand . twombly now you be not just gonna run to eversmann 's position , you be go to stop . you be gonna turn around and you be gonna cover I . it 's important you understand that . Nelson nod again , but it 's even less convincing this time . twombly glance to yurek . twombly okay , you ready ? yurek yeah , I guess . yurek run right through the center of the street . back on nelson - get ready -- twombly hey , hey ! do not forget . nelson ( shouting ) what ? twombly do not forget . Nelson can not hear he . twombly shrug , oh , fuck it , go . Nelson run . he make it across the street , turn , set and cover twombly 's run perfectly . on eversmann - he , Smith , kurth , goodale , galentine and waddell watch as yurek haul ass . galentine I get they in my sight , sarge . they be come up on the west gate . I see them . eversmann let 's move out . ( continued ) 217 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 217 yurek you gonna cover we sergeant ? eversmann radio back . eversmann we get ya . yurek make it across to they , turn , set to cover Nelson . twombly Nelson . providing cover - as Nelson run across . eversmann see somali 's aim but it 's too late to warn twombly , who charge across the courtyard . eversmann fuck ! whump ! a somali bullet hit twombly in the back , right on the bandolier of saw bullet wrap around he . Three saw round explode , lighting twombly up like a human firecracker . smith charge into the swarm of somali gunfire , out into the street to get twombly -- smith twombly ! eversmann Smith , no ! Smith yank twombly to he foot and pull he along , almost to eversmann before -- bullet trace a path up the street , a round smacking into Smith 's thigh , blood spraying the street . Smith go down . smith oh , God , I be hit ! eversmann run past the stumbling twombly , duck gunfire as he grab Smith , drag he the rest of the way and -- int . - alamo house - cont . Inside , where they carry he to a table . eversmann one , two , three . you be all right , you be all right . you be all right . all right ? ( continued ) 217 218 97 . continued : ( 3 ) 217 Doc schmid immediately get to work . Smith moan in pain . schmid I need pressure on this wound . pressure , okay ? we be gonna need more cur lex gauze . I need more man in here . eversmann twombly ! Nelson . smith oh man , that really , that really hurt ! schmid I need that chair , that chair ! pressure , get that pressure on it . okay , let I have a look , let I have a look . all right , all right . let I get a look at that . rip Smith 's pant leg , be spurt with arterial spray . blink through it to get he kit open . stuff curlex gauze into Smith " 's gape wound . smith oh , oh , what the fuck be that ? eversmann press it into the wound but it 's like try to cover a fire hose with a mattress . schmid shove more curlex at eversmann as he ready a iv . schmid hold that down . I need a medivac now . eversmann galentine ! galentine , get I Captain steele ! int . stable - steele's position - later 218 steele kneel down to check on Ruiz . steele sergeant , sergeant Ruiz , how're you do ? Ruiz be spitting up blood . ruiz they be not gonna come and get we . they be not gonna come for we . ( continued ) 218 98 . continued : 218 steele I need you to suck it up sergeant . I need you to focus for I . all right , can you do that ? now , can you hold you weapon ? ruiz yes sir . steele if anybody come through that door , you give em two in the chest and one in the head . steele hand Ruiz he weapon . steele you understand ? ruiz I be still willing to fight , Sir . steele's radio crackle : eversmann ( v.0o . ) Captain steele , Captain steele , intercut - with eversmann . eversmann I need a medivac in here now . corporal Smith 's be hit . steele hold on two five . ruiz still willing to fight . eversmann Captain steele , he 's hurt pretty bad . steele ( v.0 . ) ah , two five , we get wounded too . you be just gonna have to maintain you situation , over ? Smith yell in agony . schmid if he do not get to a hospital ina half - hour , he 's in trouble . ( continued ) 218 219 220 221 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 218 steele ( v.0 . ) C - 2 , this be six four . I be request a immediate medical medivac for a critically wounded at chalk four 's location , over . int . joc - same time 219 harrell ( v.o. ) Command chalk four be request medivac . garrison ye can not risk it . it 's still too to . harrell ( v.o. ) Captain , we can not send in medivac at this time . sit tight , over . int stable - steele's position day - same time 220 steele's resigned voice : steele two five , this be six four . it 's a negative on the medivac . it 's not ossible . joc can not risk another ird . you be just gonna have to hold on . six one out . Long silence . eversmann put the radio back as Smith writhes in pain . schmid put pressure on the wound . eversmann yeah . it 's gonna be all right , it 's gonna be okay . ext . slum alley - night 221 Hoot , sizemore and the Delta man move almost silently , wear nods through the narrow alleyway . up ahead they see durant 's down Black Hawk , figure swarm over it , drag off equipment . Hoot come charge up , fire over they head : hoot ( in somali , subtitle ) I think this be mine ! the crowd bolt out of the Black Hawk and down the street . 222 223 100 . int . durant black hawk - later 222 no crew inside . everything that can be rip from the control panel be go . Hoot see Gordon 's plastic pro-tech helmet , neat hole in the forehead . Hoot pick it up and hold it for a moment , then set it on the console . stare up at the man , eye speak volume . they run from the wreckage and trigger a thermite charge in the Black Hawk . as they run away , Super six - four explode , thermite charge lighting up the sky . int . joc - same time 223 the explosion flare on a screen . garrison and other know what it mean . they head be not bow , but the atmosphere in the room be like a funereal . a soldier hand garrison a radio . garrison cribb ? intercut to ext . olympic stadium - same time super : safe zone - pakistani stadium 10 th mountain and U.N. base cribb Sir , they be still debate the route . garrison ( v.0 . ) how long ? cribb at least a couple of hour . garrison we have not get that long , Joe . the rescue convoy be assemble within a enormous soccer stadium . pakistani tank pass cribb , who be on the phone as he Little Bird fly over behind he . cribb pakistani General say since we do not deem to inform he of the raid , he 's gonna take as much time as he want . ( continued ) 101 . 223 continued : 223 garrison ( rub he forehead ) well you tell the General this : I understand . but it be my duty to remind he that my man are_surround by thousand of armed somali militia . it be imperative that we move they out of the hostile area and into the safe zone . I need he help , now . cribb yes sir . 224 int . house - night 224 durant come to in a room , tie on a paper - thin mattress , back propped against the wall . see firimbi , the man from the crash site with the megaphone , step forward . he hold durant 's dog tag . firimbi durant . Michael durant . durant yes . firimbi you be the Ranger who kill my people ? durant shake he head no . durant I be not a Ranger . I 'ma pilot . firimbi offer durant a cigarette . durant shake he head . firimbi huh . that 's right . none of you Americans smoke anymore . you all live long , dull , uninteresting life . durant try to move , wince in pain . durant what do you want with I ? firimbi you have take hostage . we have you . duran my government will never negotiate for I . ( continued ) 102 . 224 continued : 224 firimbi ( smile ) then perhaps , you and I can negotiate . huh ? soldier to soldier ...hmm ? firimbi offer durant a drink . durant shake he head no . durant I be not in charge . firimbi course not , you have the power to . kill , but not negotiate . in Somalia kill be negotiation . do you really think if you get General aidid , we will simply put_down we weapon and adopt american democracy ? that the kill will stop ? we know this : without victory there can be no peace . there will always be kill , you see ? this be how thing be in we world . firimbi toss durant he tag and walk out . 225 int . mogadishu - night 225 a Black Hawk fly over the city . 226 int . eversmann position - night 226 eversmann watch schmid work on Smith . schmid you gotta take over for I . both hand . schmid pull eversmann aside . schmid it 's the femora artery . I can not see it . which mean that it 's retract up into the pelvis . which mean that I have_to find it and clamp it . it 's the only way to stop the bleed ... I get no more iv 's . so , I be gonna need you to assist . okay ? eversmann yeah , yeah . 227 int . eversmann position - moment later 227 close - on a pair of medical clamp . eversmann hold the clamp , he and Doc schmid kneel beside Smith . ( continued ) 103 . 227 continued : 227 schmid now listen Jamie , I have gotta do something , it 's go to hurt . okay ? I gotta cause you more pain , but I have to do it to help you . all right ? you understand ? smith give I some morphine . schmid I can not . it will lower you heart rate too far . I be sorry . here twombly , why do not you take he hand there . he 's already hook up to two iv bag , needle in both arm . schmid I need you to hold the wound open , keep pressure on the top of the leg . yurek , you be gonna take the foot and the flashlight . on my count . all right , Jamie . all right man . schmid look at eversmann to ask , ready ? eversmann nod . schmid one , two , three . schmid pull out the curlex , release the blood flow , then stick both hand into the wound and probe for the artery . Smith wail . schmid probe around until -- schmid wait , wait , wait . okay . I feel it . I feel the pulse . eversmann yeah ? schmid I get it , I get it , I get it , yeah , I get it . I get it , I get it . eversmann you get it ? you need this ? schmid yeah , yeah . clamp . eversmann yeah , I get it clamp , I get it clamp . ( continued ) 227 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 227 schmid you get it ? you get it ? hold it . eversmann here , grab it . it 's tear . schmid putt the siippery artery into _the open . eversmann e hold t clamp out , but the artery slither away with a snap . schmid fuck ! eversmann it 's go back in , it 's go back in , it 's tear ! schmid hold it ! fuck , okay get out , get out ! eversmann okay . schmid hold the wound . eversmann okay , okay , I be hold . schmid fuck ! schmid move you hand . eversmann yeah . schmid 's hand disappear into the wound again . get the clamp ready , but schmid can not locate the artery , he shaking he head in frustration . eversmann what ? smith_is pass out . schmid have to give up the search before he kill he . his bloody hand come out without the artery . angry at himself , he stuff new curlex into the wound . Smith 's eye slit open as he weakly manage : smith you fix it ? ( continued ) 227 228 229 230 105 . continued : ( 3 ) 227 the unused clamp be still in eversmann 's hand . eversmann yeah , man . we get it . Smith nod , eye close , pass out . int . room - sanderson' build - night 228 grime be grind coffee bean . sanderson what the hell be you do ? grime it 's all in the grind , sarge . can not be too fine , can not be too coarse . grimsey , you be square away . grime pour a cup of coffee . ext . down the STREET - night 229 mo'alim watch he man . int . room - sanderson' build - night 230 grime limp over to sanderson who be sit on a ratty couch . grime sarge , how would you like a nice hot cup of Joe ? gold coast blend . sanderson sit down . let I take a look at that foot . grime oh no , it 's not a problem . sanderson come on , come on , come on . but sanderson be already kneel in front of he , cut off the lace grime 's right boot . sanderson finish cut , slip the boot off to reveal -- a golfball - size piece of shrapnel stick out of he foot . sanderson oh . ( continued ) 106 . 230 continued : 230 grime oh my God . I do not even feel that . sanderson it cauterize on impact . ( wrap gauze around it ) if this thing start to smart , you let I know , all right ? where the hell would they find you ? grime behind a desk . sanderson laugh . grime no , really . you think I be kid ? ba-whoom ! a blast shake the house , wall rock . sanderson anybody hit ? 231 ext . down the STREET - night 231 mo' alim shout at a militia man , who adjust the angle and drop another missile in -- phwomp it shoot skyward . 232 int . eversmann position - night 232 everyone hit the deck as the round whistle in . this time the house be rock nearly off its foundation . part of a wall collapse . Doc schmid cover Smith with he body . eversmann you all right ? be everybody all right ? schmid nod he head yes . 233 ext . down the STREET - night 233 beyond the massive CITY archway , mo'alim be wear Russian - make night vision goggle . he direct two technical with mortar on back , instruct he man to change angle and fire again . 234 int . eversmann position - night 234 the wall shake as another round come in . eversmann run forward . eversmann incoming ! 235 236 237 238 107 . ext . down the STREET - night 235 mo'alim fire a automatic weapon . mo'alim ( in somali , subtitle ) keep fire .... faster ! ext . darkened street - night 236 Hoot , sizemore and one other Delta man move slowly , silently through the night , nods on they head . the sound of staccato gunfire grow louder as they near crash Site one . a rumble - and Hoot motion with hand signal . they creep forward down the block , gun raise , nod over they eye . they fire again -- and commandeer a rpg gun . mo' alim look around , as -- crack!crack ! two more militia - drop to the ground . he see Hoot load a mortar and fire it directly at he . mo'alim 's head rock backwards . he be dead . Hoot , sizemore and two deltas run forward down the street . ext . outside eversmann position - night 237 hoot Ranger here . this be kilo one one . intercut to galentine - 238 galentine radios back : galentine this be chalk four , we be at the Southeast corner of crash site . who be this over ? hoot we be come in with three friendly . I need some cover fire , over . galentine - pass the word along , try not to shout : galentine Roger that kilo one one . hold you fire ! deltas come in . soldier ( in unison ) hold you fire ! ( continued ) 238 239 240 241 108 . continued : 238 on hoot - down the block , sizemore and Delta behind , the group move in a rapid crouch , blend with shadow . rapid footstep . then the ranger and the Delta Operators appear in the night . int . joc - later 239 garrison look at the screen . say to a man behind he : garrison Ground personnel will have to mark target position with infrared strobe . get Little bird on strafing run and keep '' they go all night long . ( stare at the monitor ) if we do not hold back this city , we will have a hundred casket to fill by morning . operator yes sir . Colonel harrell , ground ersonnel at crash Site one will ave to mark the target with infrared strobe in preparation for air strike . ext . olympic stadium - night 240 as the complex logistic of organize the vehicle rescue convoy continue -- mcknight , struecker , othic , and a group of Delta Operators arrive in jeeps ; Ali be blood spatter or wounded from the ride through hell in the humvee convoy . cribb approach as they climb out of the jeep . even Thomas , who do not want to go before , be with they . cribb mcknight ! between the tenth Mountain and U.N. , we get enough personnel , okay ! Danny , you guy do not have to go back out again . mcknight look at cribb . cribb all right , come on . ext . olympic stadium - later 241 the rescue convoy , finally , be about to leave . Humvees , truck , tank , and apc . ( continued ) 109 . 241 continued : the tank tread grind and begin move out , follow by the rest of the truck . super 11:23 pm 242 int . eversmann position - night it 's be some time now . smith I can not die here man . eversmann you be not gonna die , all right ? you be not gonna die . eversmann be kneel next to Doc schmid and Smith . eversmann be watch Smith , pale white , eye glaze . he say quietly to eversmann : smith I be sorry . eversmann you do not have anything to be sorry for . you save twombly . you do perfect . smith ( eye move to twombly ) you okay , twombs ? womb ly have wander over , stare down at Smith . do not know what to say . eversmann look from twombly to Smith . twombly yeah , I be okay , Jamie . now the whole room be watch as Smith begin hyper - ventilate a sicken wheeze sound echoing off the stone wall . Smith 's eye start to dart around the room . eversmann you do what you be train to do . you should be proud of that . be proud of that . Smith nod , tooth chatter . smith ev? ( continued ) 241 242 242 continued : 110 . 242 eversmann yeah ? smith do I a favor . eversmann yeah ? smith you tell my parent , that I fight well today . that I ... that I ... that I fight hard . eversmann you be gonna tell em yourself , okay ? you hear I ? Smith be shaking uncontrollably . eversmann all right ? smith be the Humvees here ? eversmann they be come , Jamie . smith they be come . eversmann you just gotta hang in there a little bit . you gotta hold out for justa little bit , you can do that . smith I can . ( gasp for breath ) I can do it . this be nothin' . eversmann this be nothin' . it 's nothin' . smith this be nothin' . eversmann it 's nothin' . smith okay . nothin' . ( continued ) 242 243 111 . continued : ( 2 ) 242 Smith grip eversmann 's bloodstain hand . eversmann nod . eversmann this be nothin ... Smith 's eye begin to change ... a certainty come into they . now he stare somewhere beyond the ceiling - schmid run forward . schmid oh shit ! hold the wound ! the alamo house be silent , everyone watch as schmid administer cpr . compress Smith 's chest again and again . after a long time , eversmann reach out , stop schmid . Doc sit back , cover in blood . stare down at Smith , resign . eversmann oh , God . int . eversmann position -- later 243 slump against a crumble wall in the silent house , eversmann stare at Smith 's body , cover by a tatter blanket in the center of the room . Hoot move to the body , find Smith 's car - 15 on the ground , blood-spatter . Hoot pick it up , take out the magazine . eversmann what be you do ? Hoot do not look up as he click the round out one by one . hoot we need the ammo . eversmann watch the Delta soldier pick up the extra round . hoot you do all you could here . eversmann 's gaze again fall to Smith 's form under the blanket . eversmann they should have send a medivac . ( continued ) 243 continued : 112 . 243 hoot well , right now we would be out there defend another crash chopper . more man would get tear up . eversmann maybe ... Hoot walk over to the wall next to eversmann . hoot so you be think . do not. ( beat ) Cause sergeant , you can not control who get hit , or who do not . who fall out of a chopper , or why . it be not up to you . it 's just war . eversmann ( nod , he know , but ) Smith be still dead . if blackburn would not fall none of this woulda happen -- hoot ( stare at he ) listen -- should have_or could have -- it do not matter ; you will get plenty of_time to think about all that later . believe I . Hoot look at eversmann . hoot sergeant . you get you man this far . you do it right today ... ( eversmann glance up at he ) you need to start think about get this man out of he Hoot look up . hoot well , shall we ? 244 int . eversmann position - later 244 gunfire erupt around they . the man rush out to defend they position . eversmann I need four gun on this corner , now ! 245 246 247 248 113 . int . / ext . wood be little bird / chase site -- night 245 as Wood bring the Little Bird in low , there be suddenly countless dot of light surround the entire perimeter of the area , from the street and rooftop ringing the court yard -- all fire at he . he see thousand of glow somali body , ghostly , innumerable on he infra -- red monitor . adjoining rooftop - more than two-hundred beat signature of somali body charge across rooftop , come toward the chalk in a great wave , leaping from roof to roof . opposite side of the STREET - three hundred somalis move to get in position to fire down at the chalk . somalis climb up staircase , ladder , appear on rooftop like angry insect . wood Jesus Christ ! look at that . Wood pilot a nimble Little Bird over the crash site . see nothing but dark form around building and a blur of wreck metal below as he shriek past . intercut to eversmann - 246 eversmann this be two five . I can see you , you be right above I . wood eversmann , I can not tell who 's who down there . too much activity . int . joint operation CENTER - cont . on a monitor - infrared figure of ranger hide in building around the crash site illuminate the video screen : white blob , like something out of a low -- tech video game . intercut to eversmann - 247 eversmann I will mark the target with a strobe , over ? wood Roger that . ext . eversmann position - night 248 eversmann throw a strobe . it do not fire . 249 250 251 252 114 . int . wood be little bird - same time 249 Wood look for the strobe to flash . eversmann ( v.0o . ) see it ? wood Nah , I can not see shit . intercut to eversmann - 250 eversmann be at the radio , galentine shaking he bead , no . eversmann I be puttin ' it on the roof . eversmann begin gather the ir strobe . Hoot say : hoot you be gonna need some help . eversmann cover I . hoot okay guy , we be gonna lay down some cover fire for he on three . ready ? one , two , three , go ! his chalk finish reloading and set to cover he . he look at they . ready ? be he ? yes . whup - whup - whup -- Wood 's Little Bird howl overhead . somalis firing as -- ext . crash site -- night 251 -- eversmann sprint from the somali building into the shoot range of the street , bullet tracking he -- a hellstorm , eversmann right in the middle of it . eversmann toss the strobe on the roof . int . wood' little bird 252 Wood see the strobe flash through he nod . wood I get you position , I get the target . we be inbound and hot . rpg explode outside the bird , lighting up the sky and rock the craft . Wood hit the trigger on the flight stick . ( continued ) 252 253 254 255 256 115 . continued : 252 his minigun blaze strobelight - death across the rooftop . somali heat signature scatter under the wither fire of the swift chopper 's deadly arsenal . eversmann - finish , prepare for the final run back to the alamo building . the street echoe with the roar of weapon as eversmann leap inside to safety . figure fire they weapon down the block toward the crash site . the Little bird turn to make another pass . wood ya will keep you head down . we be come back around . int . joc - same time 253 garrison watch the screen . steele 's voice come in through the radio . int . steele's stable courtyard - night 254 steele radios in - 255 steele six two , this be six four . where the hell 's the convoy ? over. harrell ( v.o. ) half a block from you location , hang in there . ext . eversmann position - night 256 a rpg slam into the wall , rock the building . eversmann shit ! the Little Bird again shriek past he building , minigun rumbling . bullet zing over they head , blast wall inside the house . somali fire increase , web tightening . chalk four return fire , gun raging through the night . thousands of muzzle flash rain from rooftop , window and doorway of the building across the street . somali bullet smack ! and crack ! all around they . 257 258 259 116 . int . joc - same time Wood 's voice come over the command net . wood ( v.0 . ) c2 , minigun dry . returning to base . colonel matthews ( v.o. ) Roger that . second team inbound . you station . on you location , four minute . on screen - as the chopper pass , smoke rise from the crash site . int . steele's position - later the rescue convoy - rumbling down the block . .50 cal roaring from atop Humvees . somalis be blow back into building by the dozen . the massive convoy reduce somali position into dust , entire building crumble like saltine cracker . Dark figure continue to fall . somali muzzle flash dissipate ... Captain steele step from the stable doorway and shake hand with Colonel mcknight . captain steele Captain steele here , Colonel ! mcknight get you man load up Captain . we be gettin' the hell outta here . captain steele yes , sir ! all right , let 's go . be careful with the wounded . steele grab the radio : steele two five , this be six four , the rescue column have arrive and will be at you location in about ten minute . prepare you man for exfil sergeant . int . eversmann position - night eversmann close he eye and nod . steele ( v.0 . ) six four out . ( continued ) 257 258 259 259 260 117 . continued : 259 eversmann yeah , Roger that , sir . Roger that ! steele ( v.0 . ) all right , let 's move it ! eversmann ten minute ! the convoy 's gonna be here in ten minute ! his ranger breathe a collective sigh of relief . int . eversmann position - later 260 kurth , waddell , and galentine be cover they position , weapon aim out the doorway and fire into the night . kurth eversmann , I be out ! eversmann this be my last one ! super 02:05 am eversmann go to the door and stare at the incredible sight of the convoy , so long he can not see the end of it . he shout over he shoulder : eversmann the convoy 's here ! random gunfire that come from somali house be meet with the full wrath of the U.S. Mountain division as -- eversmann see meknight stride alongside the lead humvee , ignore random somali gunfire as if it do not exist . mcknight sergeant eversmann ? eversmann yes , sir ! mcknight see he in the darkness . walk toward he , hand outstretch . mcknight Heard you guy need a lift . eversmann ( can not help smile ) yes , sir . ( continued ) 260 261 262 263 264 265 266 118 . continued : 260 and he shake the Colonel 's outstretch hand . mcknight bring you wounded right over there ! int . wolcott's black hawk - dawn 261 a Ranger take a see and cut through the metal of wolcott 's Black Hawk . ext . sanderson' position - night 262 sanderson watch grime hobble to the doorway and go to assist . sanderson hey , I get ya ! grime smile through the pain , hobbling on he bad foot toward the wait apc . grime it 's okay . I wanna walk . sanderson ( let grime go ) you sure ? go! sanderson watch grime run into the apc under he own power . ext . wolcott's black hawk - night 263 the saw be still at work . ext . eversmann position night 264 eversmann and Doc schmid carry Smith 's body , cover with a sheet , out into the night . load it into a apc . Hoot cover they , watch the rooftop , window . ever vigilant . ext . wolcott's black hawk - night 265 ranger I get he . one , two , three . wilkinson and fale be help by dozen of ranger as they carefully pass the wounded Warren and dowdy out of the ruin helicopter . int . lead apc - night 266 cribb speak to the pakistani driver . ( continued ) 266 267 119 . continued : 266 cribb get the pilot ' body out , then we go to the stadium . behind cribb , soldier load the many wounded and dead into vehicle . groaning man be pile onto one another in the cramped apc . Humvees be pack full . near the fountain : cribb walk up to mcknight , steele , eversmann , Hoot and sanderson . cribb we be run out of room already . mcknight we be just gonna have to cram them in to every possible space . cribb okay . tenth Mountain will provide security for armor , walk we out of the hot zone -- steele ( disdain on he face ) tenth Mountain ? no , Sir , with respect , my ranger can provide rear security . we will walk you out of the hot zone , and then we will jump on the last few vehicle . cribb look at the battle weary face before he . cribb okay , let 's get out of here . steele let 's go ! int . apc - dawn 267 Inside the coffin-like apc , grime pound on the driver 's partition as bullet ping off the metal hull . grime come on ! this thing be fuck bullet magnet ! come on , let 's go ! pakistani driver we go when I be order to , soldier . 268 269 270 120 . ext . wolcott's black hawk - dawn 268 they start on wolcott . ranger easy , go easy . easy . go easy . a Ranger shine a light on wolcott 's bury leg . it 's hopeless . int . joc - day 269 he stare at the screen . garrison can see somalis again mass around three street , choke off the convoy 's exit . garrison Colonel , what be go on down there ? intercut to mcknight on radio -- mcknight they be dismantle the entire cockpit around the body . garrison ( v.0 . ) well how long 's it gonna take ? I need a honest , no shit assessment . there 's a pause as mcknight relay the question . then -- mcknight they can not say . intercut to garrison . he endure as long as he can the 270 flare on the screen he know be rpgs . eventually , into he mic - garrison Danny , no one get leave behind . intercut to mcknight -- garrison ( v.0 . ) you understand I , son ? intercut to mcknight . no response . garrison Danny ? intercut to garrison . finally -- ( continued ) 121 . 270 continued : 270 mcknight ( v.o. ) yes , General . garrison you do what you have to do . mcknight Roger . 271 ext . wolcott's black hawk - morning 271 briley 's body be carry away from the Black Hawk super 5:45 a.m. - Monday , October 4 gunfire rain down on the man . mcknight let 's go ! let 's move out ! the convoy start to roll out . ranger follow on foot . 272 ext . wolcott's black hawk - same time 272 Hoot set explosive in the now - desert cockpit . run to the leave convoy as the charge be detonate . 273 ext . chase site - dawn 273 the convoy be pick up speed , the Mountain soldier scramble to get aboard Humvees and apc as eversmann , sanderson , and the other ranger and Delta cover they . 274 ext . crash site - dawn 274 after the last of the apc pass , eversmann and the other ranger and Delta try to get aboard . every vehicle be cramme full , some man hang out open door , some lie on hood . no one stop for they . steele run alongside the apc , pound on the metal -- steele open up the hatch ! we get man back here ! pakistani driver no room here , go on the roof . sanderson what 's go on ? ( continued ) 122 . 274 continued : 274 275 276 277 278 steele the roof ? twombly I be not get on the fuck roof ! sanderson no , no , no , it 's full ! the pakistani driver shout . steele shut the door . there be no more vehicle to chase after . sanderson let 's just go , let 's just go ! the convoy pull out and the man follow on foot . ext . back at the somali build - dawn 275 the city be bath in orange light . eversmann , Hoot , steele , sanderson , twombly , sizemore , Nelson , yurek , kurth , waddell , galentine and Doc schmid be run down the street after the convoy , unable to catch up with the vehicle . they watch helplessly as the convoy disappear down the block . they tired , rubbery leg carry they away from the crash site , into the dense , dangerous street of surround neighborhood . ext . mogadishu street - morning 276 the group of soldier be now run along the same street they battle over the day before . the man be exhaust , gasp for air as they charge down the crooked , dirty road . leg like lead weight . kratakratakrat ! Machine - gun fire rake the road ahead . the group run for cover , try not to get pin in . ext . k-4 circle - morning 277 the rescue convoy rumble , stretch back a quarter mile . the sound of the vehicle shake the very earth . a older somali man carry a dead child and cross in front of the convoy . ext . mogadishu street - morning 278 the group run down the street . gasp . they can see the convoy disappear around a corner . ( continued ) 278 279 280 123 . continued : 278 sanderson and Hoot FIRE down the intersection , kill three somali sniper . steele , eversmann and other charge across . on the other side , the ranger cover Delta Hoot and sanderson . the Delta Operators charge across to safety . they use this tactic at every intersection . somali gunfire get more intense . the man see the apc , distant block ahead , round a corner . ext . the corner - morning 279 sanderson charge up from behind , bullet follow he . they run out into the street as -- a woman with a child in she arm dash out in front of they , hurry across the street . waddell almost fire on instinct . waddell get down , get outta here ! the woman run to the other side of the street . sanderson run over to eversmann . eversmann I be out of ammo ! sanderson , I be out of ammo ! sanderson continue to fire . another woman run forward , kurth raise he weapon to fire . yurek what be you do ? kurth I be do it . the woman raise a handgun -- kurth fire and she fall dead . ext . mogadishu street - morning 280 the group run down the street , bullet whizzing past . the man charge down the block on wobbly leg , run through the smoke . people line the street , cheer they on . they run into the safety of the soccer stadium . 281 282 283 124 . int . olympic stadium 281 the entrance be in sight . doctor be inside , white table and sheet and water and safety and food and shelter and - eversmann make it . Hoot , sanderson , steele , and the other charge in after he . they stare at the makeshift medical tent that have be set up . watch a medic direct the seriously wounded to one area , dead to another - as UN worker bring they glass of water . Nelson and twombly embrace . eversmann stagger forward . ext . stadium - morning 282 behind they - Colonel mcknight get he neck wound look at . mcknight ah , shit . medic the bullet miss you jugular by about three millimeter . do not move ! mcknight all right , all right . hurry up , hurry up ! behind he - grime , cover in white dust , rest on a litter . sanderson walk over to he and hand he a cup . grime Little short on coffee , but I get you some tea . how you do soldier ? ranger I can not feel a thing . int . the medical ward - operating room - day 283 garrison , stand by the door , have come into the chaos that be the medical tent , watch . somebody shout , " ... mop ... " and we see doctor and medic work over a man , the man bleed profusely , the doctor and the medic literally slip in he blood on the floor ... and garrison see a mop nearby take it up , and do he duty , mop the bloody floor ... and as garrison mop the bloody floor the doctor and the medic be try to save he men' life ... 284 285 125 . int . the medical ward - later 284 steele move through the tent ... man in various condition ... none of it good ... he come to Ruiz . the medic shake he head no . steele hey son , hey . Ruiz open he eye . ruiz Captain . steele Lorenzo ? how're you do ? ruiz I go in and out . medic say I should be okay in a couple of day . steele that 's great news . ruiz be we go after they ? steele you bet you ass we will . we gotta regroup . ruiz do not go out there without I . do not go back out there without I . I can still do my job . steele put he hand on Ruiz ' face . steele now you get some rest now . ext . stadium - morning 285 eversmann come over to Hoot , who be pick through supplies ... resupplying himself . Hoot go about he business ... taping grenade pin one after another after another ... calmly , efficiently ... eversmann ( incredibly ) you be go back in ? ( continued ) 285 286 126 . continued : 285 hoot ( nod , matter of fact ) there 's still man out there ... God damn ! he stop resupplying and pick up a plate and eat . hoot when I go home ... and people ask I , hey Hoot ? why do you do it man ? why ? you some kind of war junkie ? I will not say a god damned word . why ? because they will not understand ... they will not understand why we do it . they will not understand , it 's about the man next to you ... and that 's it ... that 's all it be . eversmann do know ... and start to resupply himself . Hoot shake he head no . hoot hey . do not even think about it , all right ? I be better on my own . and fully resupply Hoot simply start off ... eversmann watch Hoot walk away ... and Hoot suddenly slow , realize ... shouting back ... hoot ( congratulation ) hey ! we start a whole new week ... it 's Monday . and as he move off ... just another soldier , one of the dog 's of war ... ext . wolcott's black hawk - day 286 kid play on the down helicopter . eversmann ( v.o. ) I be talk to blackburn the other day , and he ask I , " you know what change ? why be we go home ? " and I say , " nothing ... " but that 's not true , you know ? I think everything 's change . I know I have change ... 287 127 . int . a storage room - late day 287 fluorescent light ... too bright .. too constant ... a cooler 's hum ... it kick off and then on again ... and we see eversmann ... and he 's clean ... just some nick and cut , band - aid piece over some small wound ... but there be other wound , the kind you can not see at first glance ... a soldier who 's be in combat ... a look in a young man 's eye ... a look that make you stop and take a deeper look ... into he soul ... and that 's just what we do ... look at he face ... into he eye ... into the window of he soul ... as he 's talk to someone ... easy , conversational ... nothing out of the ordinary ... eversmann you know , a friend of mine ask I before I get here , it be when we be all shipping out . he ask I ... " why be you go to fight somebody else 's war ? what do ya will think you be heros ...? " he laugh at the idea ... eversmann I do not know what to say at the time , but ... if he ask I again ... I would say ... no. I would say there 's no way in hell ... nobody ask to be a hero ... it just sometimes turn out that way ... and for the first time we see he 's be talk to a familiar man , lie motionless on a stretcher ... and eversmann , need to make a final connection touch Smith 's chest ... a hero 's heart ... another somebody who do not ask to be a hero .. eversmann ( simply ) I be gonna talk to you mar and pa when I get home , okay ? and we see there be other man on stretcher , other young man who leave a piece of they heart behind ... and he turn and leave ... the light forever on ... the cooler hum ... the boy go home man ... 288 128. int . airplane cargo BAY - late in the day 288 the cargo bay door close on the empty cargo bay . fade to black ... legend # 1 : during the raid over 1000 somalis die and 19 american soldier lose they life . cwo donovan briley staff sgt. Daniel busch spec. James cavaco staff sgt. William Cleveland staff sgt. Thomas field sgt. first class Earl Fillmore cwo Raymond Frank master sgt. Gary Gordon sgt. Cornell Houston sgt. casey Joyce pfc. Richard kowalewski pfc. James Martin master sgt. Tim '' griz ' Martin sgt. dominick pilla sgt. first class Matt rierson sgt. Lorenzo Ruiz sgt. first class Randy shughart cpl. Jamie Smith cwo cliff '' elvis ' wolcott ruiz ( v.0 . ) my love , you be strong and you will do well in life . I love you and my child deeply . today and tomorrow , with each day , grow and grow . keep smile and never give up , even when thing get you down . so in close my love , tonight , tuck my child in bed warmly . tell they I love they . then , hug they for I and , give they both a kiss good night for daddy . legend # 2 : Delta sgts. Gary Gordon and Randy shughart be the first soldier to receive the medal of honor posthumously since the Vietnam War . Michael durant be release after 11 day of captivity . two week later , President Clinton withdraw Delta Force and the ranger from Somalia . legend # 3 Major General William f. garrison accept full responsibility for the outcome of the raid . on August 2 , 1996 , warlord Mohamed farrah aidid be kill in Mogadishu . the follow day , General garrison retire .