blackkklansman written by Charlie wachtel &amp ; David rabinowitz and Kevin willmott &amp ; spike Lee fade in : scene from " gone with the wind " scarlett o'hara , play by vivian leigh , walk through the thousands of injure confederate Soldiers pull back to reveal the famous shot of the tatter confederate flag in " go with the wind " as the Max stein Music score swell from Dixie to tap . beauregard - klan narrator ( o.s. ) they say they may have lose the Battle but they do not lose the War . yes , Friends , we be under attack . CUT to : a 1960' educational style film shot on grainy color 16mm ektachrome Film , the narrator beauregard , a Middle age but handsome , White male , sit at a desk , a confederate flag on a stand beside he . very official . he be not a southerner and speak with articulation and intelligence . beauregard - klan narrator you have read about it in you local newspaper or see it on the even News . that 's right . we be live in a era mark by the spread of integration and miscegenation . CUT to : footage of the little rock nine be escort into central high school , Little rock , Arkansas by the National Guard . beauregard - klan narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the Brown decision force upon we by the jewish control puppet on the U.S. Supreme Court compelling White child to go to School with a inferior Race be the final nail in a Black coffin towards America become a mongrel Nation . a quick series of image segregation Signs . antebellum photo . happy slave in Old movie . Masters inspect they cotton and tobacco with they slave in the field . black shine shoe and work as butler , porter and Maids . beauregard - klan narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have a great way of life before the Martin luther coon 's of the World ... CUT to : the billboard of Dr. Martin luther King Jr. sit in the front row of a classroom it read : Martin luther King in a Communist train School . beauregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... and they Army of commy start they Civil rights assault on we Holy White Protestant value . close - bouregard - klan narrator beauregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) do you really want you precious White child go to School with negroes ? footage of Black and White Children play together , innocent . beauregard now stand by a large screen and point at the screen . beauregard-klan narrator ( cont 'd ) they be lying , dirty monkey ... footage and still of stereotype black coon , buck and shine Black mammy . Black Soldiers in D. W. griffith 's " birth of a Nation " push whites around on the Street . close - beauregard beauregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... stop at nothing to gain Equality with the White man . image and Scientific chart of black compare to ape and monkey . close - beauregard - klan narrator beauregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... rapist , murderer ... craving the virgin , pure flesh of White woman . they be Super predator ... CUT to : lynch , the mulatto , lust after we lillian gish in " birth of a Nation . " other lusting image of craving Black beast !!! sexual predator !!! CUT to : king kong on Empire State Building with fay wray in he hand . gus in " birth of a Nation " chase a White woman he want to rape . CUT to : close - beauregard - klan narrator a stereotype illustration of Jews control negroes . beauregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... and the negro 's insidious tactic under the tutelage of High ranking blood suck Jews ! use a Army of outside ... beauregard continue . CUT to : beauregard-klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... Northern Black Beast agitator ... footage of the March on Washington . CUT to : close - bouregard - klan narrator . bouregard - klan narrator ( cont 'd ) ... determine to overthrow the God command and biblically inspire rule of the White Race . CUT to : a image of a all - american White nuclear family . CUT to : bouregard give he final word . bouregard-klan narrator ( cont 'd ) it 's a International ... jewish ... conspiracy . we hear and end with the corny stinger of Music that go with this Education and propaganda film ! CUT to : ext . colorado spring area - day drone shot superimpose : early 70 a amazing contrast . the beautiful landscape of Colorado Springs , the City sit nestle within the rugge Mountain terrain . the majestic pike peak , the jag beauty of the Garden of the god , the plush broadmoor Resort , the will rodger shrine of the Sun. ext . colorado spring STREET - day ron stallworth , Black , 21 , handsome , intelligent , sport a good size afro , rebellious but straight lace by most 1970 's standard . ron stare at a ad attach to a bulletin board . close - the ad read : join the colorado spring police force , minority encouraged to apply ! ron rip the ad from the board . ext . colorado spring police dept build . - day int . office of chief bridge - colorado spring police dept - day a drab , white - wall office . ron sit across the table from the Assistant City personnel manager , mr. turrentine , Black , 40' , business like but progressive and chief bridge , White , smart , 50' , in a Police uniform , a man ready for change . mr. turrentine why be not you draft into the Vietnam War ? ron stallworth I go to College . mr. turrentine how do you feel about Vietnam ? ron stallworth I have mix feeling . chief bridge would you call yourself a womanizer ? ron stallworth no Sir , I would not . mr. turrentine do you frequent night club ? ron stallworth no sir. chief bridge do you drink ? ron stallworth on special occasion , sir. mr. turrentine have you ever do any drug ? ron stallworth only that prescribe by my Doctor , sir. turrentine look at Chief bridge . mr. turrentine that 's kind of rare this day for a young hip soul brother like you . ron stallworth I know but my Father be in the military and I be raise up the right way , sir. chief bridge how be you with people , generally ? ron stallworth Sir , they treat I right , I treat they right , like I already say I be raise ... chief bridge ... have you ever have any negative ... Mr. turrentine jump in , impatient . mr. turrentine ... what would you do if another cop call you a nigger ? ron stallworth would that happen ... mr. turrentine ... sheeeeeeettt !!! bridge look at he . turrentine wait , ron do not know how to respond , finally . turrentine lean forward . mr. turrentine ( cont 'd ) there 's never be a Black cop in this City . if we make you a Officer , you would , in effect , be the Jackie Robinson of the Colorado Springs Police force . Mr. turrentine let this sink in . mr. turrentine ( cont 'd ) and if you know anything about Jackie Robinson you know he have to take a lot of ... guff ... from he fellow teammates , from fan , other team , and the Press . ron stallworth I know Jackie 's Story , sir. mr. turrentine good . so , know that , when someone call you nigger will you be able to turn the other cheek ? ron evaluate the hard reality of the question . decide . ron stallworth if I need to , yes , Sir . mr. turrentine Son , the Mayor and I think you might be the man to open thing up here . ron look at Chief bridge . chief bridge I will have you back but I can only do so much . the Weight of this be on you ...and you alone . ron weigh the journey ahead . omitted omitted int . record room - cspd - day ron sort a file cabinet of record as officer clay mulaney , 60' , White , sit on a stool , read a Magazine clearly look at a photo of something good . ron look at the photo of the actress cybill shepherd . ron stallworth cybill shepherd . she be great in the last picture show . officer mulaney never see it but what you think ? ron stallworth she 's a very good actress . officer mulaney y'know you want some of that . ron ignore it . officer mulaney ( cont 'd ) Truth be tell when I see one of you kind with a White woman it turn my stomach . ron stallworth yeah . why 's that ? officer mulaney he could only want one thing . ron stallworth what would that be ? officer mulaney you like act dumb , y'know . ron stallworth no , I just like my question to be answer . a voice of uniformed cop wheaton call from the other side of the counter . wheaton ( o.s. ) hey ! anybody in there ? look for a toad here . ron walk to the counter to see the White and sleep - deprive cop impatiently lean on he elbow . wheaton ( cont 'd ) get I the record for this toad name tippy birdsong . ron pull up the file for tippy birdsong . the photo show a Black man in he twenty . wheaton ( cont 'd ) while you be at it , why do not you grab another toad ... Steven Wilson . ron pull the file ... another young Black male , another sexual predator ! int . cspd hallway - day Chief bridge stride down the hall with sgt . trapp a soft - speak White man in he 40' , they be discuss a file . ron suddenly appear walk with they . ron stallworth while I have get you both here . sir , I would like to be a undercover detective . Chief bridge and sgt. trapp both stop . chief bridge what narcotics ? ron stallworth whatever Department work , sir. sgt . trapp you just join the Force , rookie . ron stallworth I know , Sir but I think I could do some good there . sgt . trapp be that right ? ron stallworth well , I be young . I think there 's a niche for I . get in where I can fit in . sgt . trapp what do you think , Chief ? sgt. trapp see the logic , look to Chief bridge , who stop , consider . chief bridge think a lot of yourself , do not cha ? ron stallworth just try to be of help , Chief . plus , I hate work in the record room . sgt. trapp react know ron should not have say that about the record room . chief bridge look at ron , matter of fact . chief bridge well , I think record be a good place for you to start , rookie . ron stallworth Chief , want I clean shaven ? chief bridge keep it . I like the look . Chief bridge walk off without another word . sgt . trapp give a know look to ron , who watch they walk away . int . record room - cspd - day ron behind the counter . master patrolman andy lander , White , mid-30's , a regular guy but there be something dangerous there , step up . lander need a file on a toad . ron do not respond . lander ( cont 'd ) you deaf ? I say I need info on a toad . ron stallworth no toad here . lander Excuse I ? ron stallworth I say , I do not have any toad . I do have human being and if you give I they name I can pull the file . lander scowl . ron stare back at he , Eye to Eye . lander Heard you think you hot shit but you be not nuthin ' but a cold fart . name 's maurice , maurice small ... that respectful enough for you , Officer toad . ron pull the file , throw it down on the counter as lander snatch the file and storm off . int . ron' apartment - bedroom - morning as ron sleep , a phone ring . ron snap awake and grab at the phone on the night table . ron stallworth hello . chief bridge ( o.s. ) it 's bridge . you sleep ? ron stallworth yes , Chief , I be . just work a night shift . chief bridge ( o.s. ) I change my mind , you be gonna come in a little earlier today . we have get a assignment for you . 12 noon. sharp. narcotics division . wear Street clothes . ron stallworth yes Sir , see you then . thank you . thank you . ron sit up in bed , excited , think about the challenge ahead . int . cspd - narcotics division - day ron , dress in Bell -bottom and a hip italian knit shirt , marshmallow shoe step inside the narcotics office , which be literally the basement of the Station . he look around at the Area buzz with activity and see angle - undercover cop at they desk . look less like cop and more like unkempt hippies or rock not roller . close - ron just stand there look at all the activity . close - chief bridge wave ron back to the rear of the room for privacy . close - flip zimmerman flip rookie , you be late . ron stallworth sorry , it will not happen again . flip , late 30' , long hair , look like anything but a cop , he however be somewhat of a close - off guy , all business , ron sit across from he . Chief bridge step before they . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) we have get limited time so I will be quick . that Black radical stokely carmichael be give a speech tonight at Bell 's nightingale . ron be surprised at this . ron stallworth the nightclub ? chief bridge no , emmanuel missionary Baptist Church !!! flip just listen . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) carmichael be a former High muckity - muck with the Black panther and as far as I be concerned , FBI director J. Edgar Hoover be dead right when he say the Black panther be the greatest Internal threat to the Security of this United States . this carmichael joker , former panther or not , they say he 's a damn good speaker and we do not want this carmichael get into the mind of the Black people here in Colorado Springs and stir they up . ron 's face cringe at Chief bridge 's word . he step to ron . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) ron , you assignment be to go to this speech tonight and infiltrate this bunch of subversive and monitor the audience reaction to carmichael . you ready ? flip and Chief bridge stare at ron. ron stallworth bear ready . int . narcotics division - cspd - night ron stand , he shirt off , as flip wire a wireless transmitter and microphone to he body . another narcotics cop , jimmy creek , 30' , observe the installation . ron stallworth any chance this thing fuck up ? flip fuck yeah . ron stallworth then what ? jimmy just stick to the game plan . ron stallworth which be ? flip improvise . like Jazz . this be not some Big bust . we just want some Intel , that 's it . jimmy what happen if someone offer you a marijuana cigarette ? ron stallworth you mean a Joint ? jimmy yeah . ron stallworth " soul brother , I be already High on life . can you dig it ? " flip and if someone pull a gun on you ? ron be catch off guard . ron stallworth you expect that ? flip pull he gun . flip barrel of a 45' in you face , finger on the trigger , now what ? ron stallworth blood , get that gun out my face . peace Love and soul . flip gun be still in you face . ron give Jimmy a wary look speak to flip . ron stallworth I de -escalate . talk calmly , firmly . find a way out of there , a - sap . Jimmy nod , satisfied . flip be finish with the wiring . ron take a deep breath . flip relax , we will be outside , listen in . ron stallworth can I order a drink at the bar ? flip step away , no comment . jimmy that 's fine , just do not get shit face . flip get it ? ron stallworth I get it . I be go . Jimmy laugh , slap ron on the back . ext . CITY STREET - outskirt of downtown - night ron pull a unmark sedan to the curb . he get out and look around . a crowd sidewalk overflow into the Street , fill a line that bottleneck into the Club with the sign : close sign - bell nightingale angle - tonight : kwame ture speak ron walk to the back of the line . he become a every brother slowly move forward as people enter . as he move forward he notice a strike woman at the Front door . angle - patrice duma mid 20' , a Angela Davis afro , she wear a hip array of militant wear , Black leather jacket , Love bead but on she it look fantastic . ron be take by she beauty , he watch as she monitor the door , clearly in charge . ron stallworth how be you do , my soul sista ? patrice give ron a good look summing he up . patrice I be do fine , my brother . this be go to be a amazing night . ron stallworth indeed it be . patrice have you hear brother kwame speak before ? ron stallworth who ? patrice kwame ture . ron stallworth actually , I have not , I do not know he change he name . patrice yes , after he move to Africa . he take the name of kwame nkrumah of Ghana and he mentor sekou toure of guinea to honor the great leader . ron stallworth that 's heavy . do you know how he get to Colorado Springs ? patrice the Colorado College Black Student Union invite brother ture . ron stallworth I can dig it . I can dig it . you with the Black Student Union ? patrice I be the President . ron stallworth right on. right on. int . bell nightingale - night the Club be packed , a Sea of Black face punctuate by a occasional White face . ron move through the crowd . he avoid direct Eye contact , try like Hell to act casual . ron step to the bar and signal the bartender jabbo , 60' , Black . ron stallworth rum and Coke with lime . as jabbo make he drink , something catch ron 's Eye . patrice exit through a door with several Black bodyguard . ron observe as a tall figure come out from backstage with patrice , odetta and hakeem . the tall figure hang back cover by the bodyguard . ron on he foot , Black fist in the air with the crowd . patrice on stage with kwame ture with she fist raise too . the shout and chant finally cease , as patrice speak . patrice the Black Student Union of Colorado College be honore to bring the vanguard of revolutionary fight for the rights of Black people all over the World . let 's show some Black Love to the one and only , the former Prime Minister of the Black panther Party , the brother man with the plan who 's stickin'it to the man , put you hand together my people ... for we kwame ture . pandemonium ! as kwame ture walk onto a small raise stage with patrice . the entire place rise to they foot , fist raise , clap , shout " ungawa Black power ! " ron watch as patrice and kwame hug . patrice sit on stage with odetta and hakeem . kwame soak in the crowd 's reaction , until ... kwame ture thank you all for come out tonight , my belove sista 's and brotha 's . I thank you ... close - kwame ture tower at six foot - four with a infectious smile and flawless Dark skin , he 's ooze charisma out of every pore . he stand behind a small podium . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) ... I be here to tell you this evening it be time for you to stop run away from be Black . you be College student , you should think . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) it be time for you to understand that you as the grow intellectual of this country , you must define beauty for Black people , now that 's Black power . black Mass black power !!! black power !!! the Black student in the audience be laser focus on he . kwame ture be beauty define by someone with a narrow nose ? thin lip ? White skin ? you be not get none of that . if you lip be thick , bite they in . hold you nose ! do not drink coffee because it make you Black ! the audience laugh ! love it . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) you nose be boss , you lip be thick , you skin be Black , you be Black and you be beautiful ! everyone cheer include ron ! kwame ture ( cont 'd ) we want to be like the White people that oppress we in this country and since they hate we , we hate ourselves . you dig tarzan ? I remember that when I be a Boy I use to go see tarzan movie on Saturday . I love I some Jane too . Jane be a Fine White woman . White tarzan use to beat up the Black native . I would sit there yell " kill the beast , kill the savage , kill ' em ! " actually I be say : " kill I . " it be as if a jewish Boy watch Nazis take Jews off to concentration camp and cheer they on . today , I want the Chief to beat the Hell out of tarzan and send he back to the cave of Europe . but it take time to become free of the lies and they shaming effect on Black mind . it take time to reject the most important lie : that Black people inherently can not do the same thing White people can do unless White people help they . the audience laugh , overwhelm , shouting back support ! a roar from the crowd . ron find himself clap along . ron stallworth right on !!! right on !!! ron look around at everyone catch up in kwame 's spell . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) if a White man want to Lynch I , that 's he Problem . if he 's get the power to Lynch I , that 's my Problem . racism be not a question of attitude ; it 's a question of power . ron be strike by the remark . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) the vast majority of negroes in this country live in captive community and must endure they condition of oppression because and only because they be Black and powerless . now we be be shot down like dog in the street by White racist Police . we can no longer accept this oppression without retribution . the War in Vietnam be illegal and immoral . I would rather see a brother kill a cop than kill a vietnamese . at least he 's get a reason for killing the cop . when you kill a vietnamese you be a hero and you do not even know why you kill he . at least if you kill a cop you be do it for a reason . another applause break . close - ron ron listen , challenge , tear . int . bell nightingale - night kwame hold the crowd in the Palm of he Hand . member of the audience who be sit already be rise to they foot ... close - ron sit , clap vigorously , as if forget he be undercover ... close - kwame kwame ture ( cont 'd ) in close I know it 's get late , may I leave you sista 's and Brothers with this last word . " if I be not for myself , who will be ? if I be for myself alone , who be I ? if not now , when ? and if not you , who ? " we need a undy Love for Black people wherever we may be . good night and power to the people , power to the people . the black Mass stand as one with kwame ture . kwame ture and black Mass all power to all the people all power to all the people all power to all the people caught up in the moment , ron gather himself , as if remember why he be here . kwame take patrice 's Hand and raise it in celebration and Unity ! int . bell nightingale - night ron move down the greeting line for kwame . he watch as patrice stand near he . kwame pull she in close , whisper something in she ear . she smile , a bit smitten . ron watch as he finally reach kwame , shaking he hand . ron stallworth brother ture , do you really think a War between the Black and White Race be inevitable ? kwame pull ron in close toward he face . too close . int . surveillance car - bell nightingale - night flip and Jimmy wear headphone listen react to ear - split audio feedback . int . bell nightingale - night ron stand mid-grip with kwame . nerves pinball . kwame lower he voice , look around conspiratorially . kwame ture brother , arm yourself . get ready . the Revolution be come . we must pick up a gun and prepare ourselves ... trust I , it be come . kwame pull back . returns to he normal speak voice . kwame ture ( cont 'd ) thank you for you support , brother . ext . bell nightingale - front entrance - night ron be wait outside as patrice step out , follow by odetta and hakeem . ron near she . ron stallworth I do not know what you have plan now but maybe I could buy you a drink ? patrice I be wait for brother kwame , I have to make sure he get back safely to the Hotel and he 's square away . ron stallworth I can dig it . ron start to walk away . patrice maybe , if it 's not too late , I will meet you at the Red lantern . you know where that be ? ron stallworth I do . patrice so I will see you then . ron stallworth cool. all power to all the people . int . red lantern inn - night Black folk be dance , get down . at the bar , ron look at he watch have be there a while . he finish he rum and Coke with lime watch the door open but it be not patrice . he decide to call it a night , step off he stool , pay he tab to bro pope , the bartender when ... patrice sorry I be late ... patrice be right there near he . she flop down on the bar stool , exhaust , and light up a Kool cigarette . patrice ( cont 'd ) ... you will not believe what happen . patrice say to bro Pope , the bartender . patrice ( cont 'd ) bro Pope , Seven and Seven , please ... the Pigs pull we over . ron stallworth say what ? patrice yeah , they know brother kwame be in town . make we get out the car . Pigs pull we over for no reason . total harassment . ron stallworth true ? patrice Truth . do four dog have four asshole ? CUT to : ext . colorado spring STREET - night patrice 's car be pull over and a uniform cop get out he squad car revealing master patrolman lander . he instruct they all with he hand on he revolver . patrice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we be tired of Police brutality . we be tired of Police murdering Black folk . lander all right everybody out the vehicle . now !!! kwame , patrice , hakeem , and odetta climb out of the vehicle . lander push kwame against the car . lander ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna see nuthin ' but Black ass and Black elbow . spread them !!! kwame , patrice , hakeem and odetta be all spread Eagle against the car. master patrolman lander pat they down . another Police cruiser pull up . two more cop , sharpe and cincer , both White 50' , get out and observe . close - lander he take extra time patting down patrice get some " groping " in for good measure . lander ( cont 'd ) search the car . I know this niggers be hold something . cincer and sharpe enter patrice 's car , search it . lander turn kwame around , face he . lander ( cont 'd ) you that so call Big shot panther nigger be not you ? Heard you be in town , stokely . kwame ture my name be kwame ture . lander stare he down for a moment . you think he 's gonna slug he but he think better . the other cop go through the car search , throw thing around . lander I know you Black bastard be hold . what you get in there some weed , pill , heroin ? patrice , kwame , odetta , and hakeem and the other just stare back , silent . officer cincer it 's clean . nothing more to say . lander get in patrice 's face . lander you get this Black panther outta ' Colorado Springs before sunrise . hear I ??? or you all go to jail . close - kwame kwame ture Black people be bear in jail . CUT back to : int . red lantern inn - night patrice at the bar with ron , he be stunne . ron stallworth do you see the Officer 's name ? patrice I know I should have but the whole thing be so frightening ... I do not . bro Pope , the bartender set the drink down . patrice take a gulp , she hand shaking . ron observe . ron stallworth I be sorry . patrice nod , pull herself together . ron look at she , softly touch she on she back , try to comfort , think to himself , tear in many direction . int . cspd - chief bridge ' office - day chief bridge what be the room like ? ron stallworth folk be hang on every word . chief bridge sound like he have they pretty rile up ? ron stallworth but I be not sure that mean Black folk be ready to start a Revolution . chief bridge what make you think that ? ron stallworth nobody be talk about that . that be not the mood . everybody be cool . chief bridge so let I get this straight . he tell a crowd of " Black folk " to get ready for a Race War . that they be go to have to arm themselves and kill cop . what about that ? ron stallworth yeah , he say that but I think that be just talk . you know , rhetoric . flip that 's what I think too . chief bridge thank God , carmichael have leave Colorado Springs . ron stallworth kwame ture . chief bridge what ? ron stallworth he change he name from stokely carmichael to kwame ture . Chief bridge humor by as if he be suppose to care . chief bridge I do not care if he change he name to Muhammad Ali , he 's still dangerous . Chief bridge start to leave the room . ron decide to say it . ron stallworth do you hear the Story patrice tell I about how the cspd pull over she and ture ? Chief bridge stop , drink in the question . everything go silent . he then give ron a deliberate look . chief bridge no . we do not hear that . from Chief bridge 's look , ron know he do . Jimmy , flip stare at ron . a Big White elephant in the room . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) patrice . be not she the one from the Black Student Union ? they bring too - Ray in . ron stallworth kwame ture , correct . chief bridge you get pretty chummy with she ? if ron push it more he know it will go bad . he drop it . ron stallworth just do my job , Chief . undercover . chief bridge yeah and it better not be under the cover of the sheet . flip and Jimmy chuckle . ron stallworth I would never jeopardize a case ... chief bridge ... you do not know what you would do , you just get here . ron take this in . dejected . flip good work . jimmy rookie . ron nod , appreciative . chief bridge ron , let 's take a walk . omitted int . hallway - cspd - day Chief bridge and ron walk down the hall . chief bridge I be transfer you into Intelligence . ron stallworth what will I be do , Chief ? Chief bridge stop and look at he . chief bridge Intelligence . Chief bridge walk off . ron stand there , jacked !!! omitted int . intelligence unit - cspd - day ron at he desk in the Intelligence Office in Street clothing among he colleague . he sip Lipton tea with honey and look through various Publications . he then pick up the Colorado Springs gazette newspaper . close - classified section of the newspaper . in the bottom right corner , in small print : closer - ku klux klan - for information , contact 745-1209 ron think a moment . then grab the phone . dial . after a few ring , a pre-Record message pop on : pre -recorded message you have reach the Colorado State chapter of the ku klux klan . please leave a message ... God bless White America . there 's a beep ... close - ron ron stallworth hello , this be ron stallworth call . saw you advertisement in the Colorado Springs gazette . I be interested in receive some reading material . my phone number be 403 - 9994 . look forward to you return my call . God bless White America . angle - room ron hang up . flip at another desk spin around look at ron like he have 3 head . flip do I just hear you use you Real name ? ron stallworth motherfucker !!! jimmy yeah , motherfuckin ' amateur hour . what be you thinkin' ? ring !!! ring !!! ron 's phone . flip and ron stare at it . flip gesture to answer it . ron stallworth I be not . flip you dial . pick it up . ring ! ring ! ron look at the ringing phone . flip ( cont 'd ) pick it up !!! ron stallworth this be ron stallworth . through the receiver , a gravelly , secretive Voice . walter breachway ( o.s. ) this be walter . returning you call ... from the Organization . ron stallworth the Organization ? walter breachway ( o.s. ) yes . well we appreciate you interest . so what be you Story , ron ? ron look around . shrug . might as well do it ... ron stallworth since you ask - I hate niggers , Jews , mexican , spic , chink but especially that niggers and anyone else that do not have pure White Aryan blood run through they vein . all head in the unit turn toward ron . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) in fact , my sister , pamela , be recently accost by a nigger ... ron be snarling now , every ounce of he Voice project White supremacist hate . he be utterly convincing . walter breachway ( o.s. ) ... be that so ? ron stallworth ... every time I think about that Black baboon put he filthy Black hand on she White as pure drive snow body I wanna puke !!! silence on the other end of the line . walter breachway ( o.s. ) you be just the kind of guy we be look for . ron , when can we meet ? flip , Jimmy and all the other White undercover cop be Rolling they eye . stepping away , shaking they head . some want to laugh but don 't . ron stallworth how about Friday night ? after I get off work ? the other cop be lose they mind , quietly . walter breachway ( o.s. ) deal ! I will get back to you with detail . take care , buddy Boy . ron stallworth look forward to meeting you . ron look around . everyone in the unit be stand around he desk . all White face . look on , astonished . flip good luck ron with you New redneck friend . the undercover gang crack up! int . sergeant trapp's office - cspd - day ron be face sergeant trapp , who sit at he desk , jaw hang slightly open . sgt . trapp they want you to join the klan ? ron stallworth well ... they want to meet I first . sgt . trapp they want to meet you ? ron stallworth I will need another undercover to go in my place . sgt . trapp yeah ... you probably should not go to that meeting . ron stallworth you think ? everyone have a chuckle . sgt . trapp we would have to go to narcotics . meaning we would have to deal with bridge . ron stallworth damn . omitted omitted int . office of the chief of police - day a spacious office , its wall brim with book . Chief bridge sit behind a wooden desk , he gaze thoughtful . chief bridge I can not spare any men. sgt . trapp I have look over the log and it seem you can spare they . chief bridge sgt. trapp , ron speak to the man on the phone . when they hear the Voice of one of my guy , they will know the difference . ron stallworth why so , Chief ? chief bridge want I to spell it out ? he will know the difference between how a White man talk and a negro . ron stallworth what do a Black man talk like ? silence . sgt . trapp ron , I think what the Chief be try to say be ... ron stallworth ... if you do not mind , I would like to talk for myself , thank you . how exactly do a Black man talk ? chief bridge you know ... you know !!! ron stallworth Chief , some of we can speak King 's English and jive . I happen to be fluent in both . chief bridge ron , how do you propose to make this investigation ? ron stallworth I have establish contact and create some familiarity with the klansman over the phone . I will continue that role but another Officer , a White Officer , will play I when they meet face to face . chief bridge ... my Point exactly !!!... ron continue talk to Chief bridge . ron stallworth Black ron stallworth on the phone and White ron stallworth face to face , so there become a combine ron stallworth . chief bridge can you do that ? ron stallworth I believe we can ... with the right White man. int . hallway - cspd - day ron step outside and Chief bridge follow he . chief bridge if anything happen to my man there will not be two ron stallworths . there will be none . int . intelligence unit - cspd - morning ron walk in on flip and Jimmy look at he . flip you be late . ron stallworth I be sorry . it will not happen again . jimmy I hear that somewhere before . flip hey , Jimmy when 's the last time they let a rookie head up a investigation . oh that 's right , never . ron ignore the slight . ron stallworth can we move on to the bio , please . flip ... ron stallworth . I do Wholesale manufacactur . ron stallworth whereabout ? flip sigh . flip pueblo . jimmy what 's that commute like ? flip Jimmy , I be glad you ask , straight - shot down I - 25 . hour top . jimmy Long ride . flip what do we listen to ? ron stallworth kwyd . Christian talk in the Morning , although the signal start to cut out near pueblo . on the way back I go for 102.7 to get my allman Brothers fix . only I have to change every time that british fag David bowie pipe on . jimmy I love bowie . ron stallworth remember you have get to retain the detail of what you share with they so I can be White ron stallworth . flip Jimmy , I always want to grow up to be Black , all my heroes be Black guys. Willie may ... jimmy basket catch . flip wilt the stilt ... jimmy a record hundred point in the game . flip but my favorite be O.J. jimmy Love fuckin ' O.J. orenthal James Simpson . ron stallworth well , do not share you Love of the Brothers with this guy . for you , it 's the osmond . flip I get to play you but you do not get to play I . Jimmy , do that sound fair ? jimmy not to I . ron stallworth Fair ? I get to play you and Jimmy and all the other guy in the Station ... everyday . flip do not understand , he look at Jimmy . both befuddle . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) who be you meeting ? flip walter breachway . ron stallworth become walter 's friend , get invite back . flip look at you . be that it , Sir ? ron stallworth I be on the phone with the klan , you see they in person ... flip ... and ... ron stallworth ... and you need to sound like my voice . jimmy oh Boy . ron stallworth just repeat after I . ron hand out a piece of paper to flip and Jimmy . flip the godfather . close - ron stallworth ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) look a'here , some people say we get a lot of malice . some say it 's a lotta nerve . close - flip flip look a'here , some people say we get a lot of malice . some say it 's a lotta nerve . close - ron stallworth ron stallworth I see we will not quit move ' til we get what we deserve . close - flip flip I see we will not quit move ' til we get what we deserve . close - ron stallworth ron stallworth we have be buk and we have be scorn . we have be treat bad , talk about . close - flip flip we have be buk and we have be scorn . we have be treat bad , talk about . two - shot - ron stallworth and flip ron stallworth as just as sure as you be bear but just as sure as it take . flip as just as sure as you be bear but just as sure as it take . ron stallworth two eye to make a pair , huh . flip two eye to make a pair , huh . ron stallworth brother , we can not quit until we get we share . flip brother , we can not quit until we get we share . ron stallworth say it loud . I be Black and I be proud . flip say it loud . I be Black and I be proud . ron stallworth Jimmy , join we . three - shot - ron stallworth , flip and jimmy ron stallworth , flip and jimmy say it loud . I be Black and I be proud . say it loud . I be Black and I be proud . all 3 fall out - die laughing . jimmy do not forget to lose that Star of David around you neck . ron shoot flip a look . ron stallworth you be jewish ? ext . kwik inn diner - parking lot - night ron and Jimmy sit in a unmark car . several yard away , flip stand in the lot , lean up against a pick up truck . int . unmarked car - night ron watch through binoculars as a beat - up , ivory - color pickup truck pull in . binoculars Pov : from the truck 's license plate to a confederate flag bumper sticker that read white power . ron stallworth it 's walter . ron write down the truck 's plate number : close - ke-4108 . ext . kwik inn diner - parking lot - night a White male , felix , 30' , step out of the pickup truck . he wear corduroy pant , uncomb Hair to he neck and a fu manchu . he pull on a cigarette . felix ron stallworth ? flip that 's I . and you must be walter . felix name 's Felix . flip I be tell I would be meeting with walter breachway . felix Change of plan , mack . I be gonna need you to hop in the pickup . even with he slouched shoulder , Felix tower over flip . flip okay , well how about I just follow you ... felix ... no can do . you come with I . Security . int . unmarked car - night ron and Jimmy each wear headphone , listen in . they look at each other ... ext . kwik inn diner - parking lot - night flip glance in the direction of ron 's car , then pull open the rusty passenger door of Felix 's pickup . ext . highway - night the pickup fly past . ron and Jimmy be behind and gain . int . felix be truck - night Felix adjust he rear - View Mirror . eye it suspiciously . felix you for the White Race , ron ? flip Hell yeah !!! be have some trouble lately with this local niggers . felix since the Civil War it 's always trouble with niggers . walter say something about you sister ? flip make I sick . ext . highway - night the pickup speed up , increase the distance between the two vehicle . ron 's car accelerate . int . felix be truck - night flip eye ron 's car in the side - View mirror . flip but it 's also the , like , camaraderie I be look for ... with the klan . felix Da fuck do you say ? flip camaraderie ...? felix no . the other word . flip the klan ...? felix ... not " the klan . " it 's the Organization . the invisible Empire have manage to stay invisible for a reason . do not ever use that Word . you understand ? flip I overstand ... right . the Organization . a uncomfortable silence . Felix leer into the rear - View mirror . felix check this shit out ... you be never gonna believe it . flip what ? felix there 's a jig on we bumper . flip freezes . int . unmarked car - night jimmy he see we . back off . ron ease on the Gas . int . felix be truck - night one hand on the steering wheel , Felix open the Glove compartment in front of flip 's knee and grab a box of ammunition . felix let 's be ready , case we gotta go and shoot we a Alabama Porch monkey . he toss the box onto flip 's lap . felix ( cont 'd ) look under you seat . pull it out . flip pull out what ? Felix snap he finger at flip , who jump . felix under the seat !!! flip reach to he foot . pull out a sawed - off shotgun . felix ( cont 'd ) load 'er up . one in the chamber . flip be hesitant . felix ( cont 'd ) load it !!! flip dutifully open up the box . pull out a Shell . load it into the chamber and pull the action forward . flip ready to go . Felix eye the rear - View Mirror again . ron 's car have drift much farther back . Felix puff away at he cigarette . felix that 's right , Porch monkey . do not be messin ' with we ... flip ... the Organization . felix not so fast , buddy Boy . ext . corner pocket lounge - parking lot - night Felix 's pickup turn into the parking lot of a confederate bar . int . unmarked car - night eyeing the truck , ron and Jimmy breathe a sigh of relief . ron stallworth just a bar. ron drive past the lot . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) think he get a good look at my face ? jimmy probably . int . corner pocket lounge - night a cramped and unfriendly dive . low -life mill about . the Air fill with dense smoke . Pool ball crack-smack . Felix lead flip to the bar Area , where walter breachway , White male , 30' , stand . walter be affable by nature , short and stocky , with a Crew cut and small mustache . walter ron. glad you could make it . walter breachway , chapter President . they shake hand . flip I appreciate you invite I out . Felix linger like a bad smell . beside he a drunk man , ivanhoe 20' , give flip the stink Eye . walter I have be impressed with we phone conversation . I feel you have some fine idea that could help the Cause . flip I mean every word I say . flip 's a Natural . walter how ' bout some pool ? ivanhoe hand flip a Pool stick and gather the ball . walter ( cont 'd ) I have have my own share of run - in with niggers . matter of fact , it 's part of what lead I to the Organization . flip that right ? walter it become my salvation . after I be shot and wounded by some niggers . my wife ... savagely raped by a whole pack of ' em , and not a one go to jail . flip nod , expertly feign sympathy . int . unmarked car - night ron and Jimmy each wear headphone , listen in . jimmy never happen . ron crack a smile . int . corner pocket lounge - night walter and flip continue to play pool . walter they be take over . that 's all you see on the tv anymore . niggers . niggers sell soap , niggers sell automobile , niggers sell toothpaste , niggers , niggers , niggers . ivanhoe be not long ago they sumbitch be not on no tv . walter you forget uncle Ben and aunt jemima . ivanhoe dang !!! you know , I gotta say I kinda like dem ' niggers ... Rice and pancake . ivanhoe shake hand with flip . ivanhoe ( cont 'd ) name 's ivanhoe , by the way . int . unmarked car - night ron stallworth mad at sanford and Son and flip Wilson . int . corner pocket lounge - night walter all you get now be how we gotta ' cater to they . we gotta ' get we some " minorities " . watch ya ' mouth , do not say this , do not say that , be nice , they be not color ... felix negros ... ivanhoe ... black ... walter ... afro -american ... flip ...fuck . how ' bout just fuckin ' ? niggers . make it fuckin ' simple . all niggers !!! flip I be say this stuff for year . felix you be not the only one . flip you do not know how good it be to hear someone that get it . flip look around . get quiet . flip ( cont 'd ) what kinda stuff you guy do ? ivanhoe swig he beer . ivanhoe you know , Cross burning . Marches and stuff so people do not fuck wit ' we . flip I be tired of people fuckin ' with I . walter you come to the right place cuz ' nobody fuck with we . how much you know about the History ? flip some ... I could know more . walter we will teach you . ivanhoe this year 's gonna be big for we . flip how so ? ivanhoe move in closer . ball he hand in a fist , then open it quickly . ivanhoe boom !!! we be gonna make firework , yes we be ... walter swoops in . walter ... ivanhoe talk nonsense again . kid can not hold he beer fer shit . the Organization be strictly non - violent ... ivanhoe ... like that Dead nigger Martin luther coon. flip gotcha . flip look down at he shirt -- the top button have flapped off again . the next button would mean the end. curtain . he quickly button it . then ... walter say , ron ? mind come with I ? flip where to ? felix you undercover or something ? you ask too many question . let 's go !!! behind walter , Felix be laser - focus on flip 's every move . flip see it . walter point to a door . flip walk forward , with walter , ivanhoe , and Felix tailing from behind . int . unmarked car - night jimmy where they go ? ron 's face fall . ron stallworth lose the damn signal . int . back room - corner pocket lounge - night the Men move single - file through the door , flip first . it 's a small room , with a wooden table and some rickety chair . a lone white light bulb hang from above . walter congrat you pass the mustard . walter exchange uneasy look with Felix . walter ( cont 'd ) think we would get the membership process start . flip can breathe again . flip now we be talkin' . walter hand flip a stack of papers . walter fill this out and mail them to the National headquarters . once they send you membership Card , you will be able to participate in we program . flip sing the alcoa jingle . flip alcoa can not wait . ivanhoe I like that commercial . walter Imperial tax to become a member : ten dollar for the Year . Fifteen dollar chapter fee. robe and hoods not include , that 's extra . felix fuckin ' inflation . flip shake hand with all . flip I can not thank you Brothers enough . walter pleasure , be all ours . Felix and ivanhoe give polite nod . walter ( cont 'd ) I will take you back to you car . as flip turn to leave ... felix you be not a Jew , right ? flip stop . flip you try to offend I ? flip turn to walter : you believe this shit ? felix it 's protocol . all eye on flip . his face flare with rage . flip ' course I be no stinkin ' kike . walter we gotta ask it , be all . I be satisfied . how about you guy ? ivanhoe nod . Felix just stare . felix smell kosher to I . flip stop fuckin ' ' round . walter Felix , cut it out . int . intelligence unit - cspd - night ron help flip rip the Wire off he chest . flip you have I dress like one of the beverly hillbilly for chrissake . I feel too redneck for that guy . ron stallworth they like you . flip except for that Felix guy . do not ride he bumper like that ! two car length ! ron stallworth you get the paper ? they want you to join . flip technically they want you to join . ron stallworth they want a Black man to join the ku klux klan . I would call that Mission impossible . double success . int . sergeant trapp's office - cspd - day sgt. trapp sit at he desk , thumbing through the report . ron and flip stand across from he . sgt . trapp and exactly how much should we be worry about they ? ron stallworth enough that we would like to dig deeper . one of the Men discuss plan for a possible attack ... flip ... I would not give he that much credit . this yahoo like to boast . sgt . trapp what kind of attack ? ron look to flip . flip ivanhoe say " boom " , mention something about firework . personally , I do not buy it . doubt they be even capable . sgt. trapp bridge he hand together , contemplate . ron stallworth either way , we be look for full support from the Department . sgt . trapp we be move on with the investigation . ron just stare at trapp . int . italian bistro - night ron and patrice seat across from each other , already eat . patrice 's attire more lax , but still in she Black leather jacket . patrice the next day when we drop brother kwame off at the Airport he tell I the Black power Movement need strong sistah 's like I to lead the fight against capitalist oppression and the politician and Pigs who perpetuate it . his word almost make that whole pig nightmare worth while ... ron go mute . patrice ( cont 'd ) ... what 's wrong ? ron stallworth I do not really use that word . patrice what word ? ron stallworth Pigs . patrice what else would you call they ? ron stallworth cop ... Police ... patrice bunch of racist cop on a power trip . ron stallworth so you think all cop be racist ? patrice it only take one to pull a trigger on a innocent sister or brother . patrice absorb all of this . patrice ( cont 'd ) why be you at brother kwame 's speech ? ron stallworth he 's get some good idea . I do not agree with all of they but he 's a smart brother who 's worth hearing . patrice be you down for the Liberation of Black people ? ron stallworth do we always have to talk about Politics ? patrice what 's more important ? ron stallworth do you ever take any time off from the Liberation of Black people ? patrice no !!! it 's a Lifetime job !!! ron reach across the table and take patrice 's Hand . patrice pull she Hand back . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) sista Angela Davis , can we spend some quality time together . patrice and what do you say you j-o- B be ? ron stallworth Kathleen cleaver , I do not ? patrice be you a pig ? ron stallworth you mean a cop ? patrice you a cop ? ron stallworth no I be a Black man who want to get to know a strong , intelligent , beautiful sister . ron try to kiss patrice but she move she head away . they finish they meal in silence . int . cspd intelligence unit - ron' desk - night it 's late . ron be the only Officer work , fill out a Police report and sip a mug of hot Lipton tea with honey . suddenly ... the undercover line ring . ron freeze . pick up the line . ron stallworth this be ron. walter ( o.s. ) this be walter . be this ron ? you Voice sound different over the phone . ron have to think fast . ron stallworth allergy act up again . a steady beat of silence on the line . then ... walter ( o.s. ) ... yeah , I get that all the time . ron wait for the response . walter ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) well , just think I would say it be great have you swing by . the Brothers really take a like to you . ron squeeze he fist . Victory . try to stay nonchalant : ron stallworth I be honore . walter ( o.s. ) why do not you come by Felix 's this Saturday ? meet the rest of the Brotherhood . int . cspd hallway - day sgt. trapp and ron walk and talk . sgt . trapp I have get a friend that 's up with this group . he say they be move away from the ole violent racist style . that 's what Davis be peddle now , it 's become mainstream . ron stallworth Davis ? sgt . trapp devin Davis current Grand wizard of the klan , always in a three piece suit , he now go by National director . he 's clearly get he sights on Higher Office . ron stallworth political Office ? how so ? sgt . trapp yeah , I guess they be try to move away from they History of selling hate ... ron stallworth ... keep go . sgt . trapp affirmative action , Immigration , crime , tax Reform . he say no one want to be call a bigot anymore . archie bunker make that too un-cool . the idea be under all this issue , everyday Americans can accept it , support it , until eventually , one day , you get somebody in the White House that embody it . ron stallworth America would never elect somebody like devin Davis President of the United States of America ? sgt. trapp just stare at ron for a long moment . sgt . trapp for a so call Black man , you be pretty naive . ext . unmarked car - day ron be in he unmark car in a Middle class Neighborhood . he pull on headphone and look out he window where ... ext . felix be house - front porch - day angle - ron be Pov - surveillance a manicure yard . pristine . a very Green healthy lawn . a yard sign : america love it or leave it ! flip ring the doorbell . the screen door be open by connie , White woman , 30' , proper and good-Look . a gold Cross dangle from she neck . connie ron ! so nice to meet you . I be connie , Felix 's wife . connie hug he . flip great to meet you . connie the boy be in the backyard . omitted omitted int . unmarked car - day ron shake he head listen to the transmitter , take note . int . felix' live room - day the klan member seat , some on fold chair . connie enter the backyard with a appetizer platter . connie sorry to interrupt . I have some cheese dip and cracker . they dig in . felix thanks honey . Felix turn to the Brothers . klansman feed off the Energy . felix make them remember who we be and what we stand for . we be the Organization . connie I read in the gazette some nigger name carmichael hold a rally and there 's some College nigger girl with the " baboon Student Union " attack we Police . this girl be dangerous . remind I of that commie Angela Davis . we need to shut she damn mouth . the Men exchange uneasy look - why be connie in men' Business ? connie ( cont 'd ) here , I clipped the article . connie pull the article from she apron . hand it to Felix . Felix eye it , focus on a image of kwame and without look up ... felix that will be all . Love you sweetie . connie one of this day you be go to need I to do something for you . wait and see . connie trudge back towards the house without answer . Felix hand the clip to the klansman , who pass it around the room . when it reach walter , he set it down . walter how ' bout we focus on we bread and butter . the next Cross Burning . which , flip , you will be lucky enough to participate in if you membership Card come soon enough ... flip ... that would be a tremendous honor . where ? walter the highest Hills get the most eye . walter look for approval . nod all around . Felix rise , he balance uncertain . felix hey ron , I gotta show you something . Felix plop a Hand on flip 's back . flip rise . int . unmarked car - day ron take in the audio . he record more Notes . int . felix be house - stair - day flip , Felix , and walter walk downstairs to the den. int . int . felix be house - SMALL room - day Felix flip on the light . felix ( cont 'd ) looka here . various gun adorn the wall -- rifles , shotgun , handguns . pin on the Far Wall : White supremacist memorabilia include a Magazine cut - out of kkk Grand wizard devin Davis . flip wow . this be really ... something . Felix pull a rusted double - barrel shotgun off the Rack . felix here 's my favorite . twelve gauge . Felix smirk and point the two barrel at flip 's chest . felix ( cont 'd ) I call this ... the Jew killer . flip freezes . Felix 's finger rest on the trigger . teasingly ? seriously ? Felix stare , challenging flip to make a move . any move . flip that 's a remington model 1900 . a long beat . then : Felix smile . felix indeed it be . Felix place the shotgun back on the rack . walter outside the door. walter ( o.s. ) almost do in here ? we still have some item on the agenda ... felix ... not just yet . gotta make sure there 's no Jew in he . flip keep quiet . angle - hallway walter come on man , this be just straight - up Offensive . we be talk about someone who 's gonna be we brother in a couple month . be there a fuckin' Star of David around he neck ? do ron get a ya-ma -ka on he head for Pete 's sake ? felix ( o.s. ) just protocol . my House , my rule . int . felix be house - day Felix set a hand on flip 's back , guide he past walter . felix ( cont 'd ) this way . flip where ...uh... where ya takin ' I ? I tell you already I be not thrilled with you callin ' I a Jew . felix tough titty . walter follow as Felix lead flip into the angle - den felix ( cont 'd ) take a seat . Felix set flip down on a chair . walter Felix , it be not necessary , man . this be how we lose recruit ! Felix push walter backward , through and out the de door . he slam the door close and lock it . flip what be this you Jew de ? this where you make you candle ? lamp shade ? Felix open a desk drawer and take out a polygraph machine . felix no , you be go to take this lie detector test . 67 int . unmarked car - day ron stallworth shit . he turn the ignition and drive forward . int . int . den - felix be house - day Felix set the polygraph in front of flip . urgent knock on the door . walter ( o.s. ) open up , Felix ! enough be enough !!! felix lower you Arm right here . flip Felix , this be lame bullshit . felix lame or not you be take this Jew lie detector test . Felix reach in and lower he Arm for he , then slide the blood pressure cuff over flip 's Arm . flip rip it off , jump up , knock the chair over . flip out of respect , I be gonna play along with you get smart bullshit , but I be no fuckin ' Jew !!! walter persistently bang on the door . Felix pull out a shiny pistol from he belt . felix siddown . ext . felix be house - driveway - day gun in hand , ron crouch beside the unmark car , park at the curb near Felix 's House . he notice a neighbor take out the trash . ron put he gun away . his eye be on the look out . int . den - felix be house - day flip sit in the chair as Felix stick electrodermal sensor on flip 's hand . felix ask anybody , they will say I be a real friendly guy . thing be , I be only friendly to my Friends , not jew friendly , damn sure not nigger friendly . walter be still bang away at the door . walter ( o.s. ) let I in ! Felix tighten the blood pressure cuff on flip 's arm . felix let 's warm up . what be the surname of you biological Father ? flip stallworth . felix let I see you Dick . flip start to unzip he pants and smile . flip you like pretty dick Felix ? felix I hear you Jews do something funny with ya dick . some weird Jew shit . be you Dick circumstance ? flip you tryin ' to suck my Jew Dick ? faggot . felix who you callin ' a faggot , Jew ? felix y'know what I think ? flip you think ? felix I think a lot . flip what do you think about ? felix I think this holocaust stuff never happen . flip what ? felix that 's the biggest jewish conspiracy . 8 million Jews kill ? concentration camp ? never happen . where 's the proof ? close - flip we see on flip 's face , despite he try to fight hard to be affect , he be not that good a actor . marlon brando could not do it either . flip be you High ? felix I do not get High . I drink . flip have not see the footage . felix Fake . Jews run Hollywood . ext . felix be house - driveway - day ron bolt onto Felix 's Front lawn , unsure what to do but know that he gotta do something . ron pick up a flower pot and chuck it -- crash ! it go straight through the Kitchen window , shatter the Glass . int . live room / den - felix be house - day connie scream ! through the window pane , she can see the backside of ron -- a Black man wear a fade denim jacket . ron be " low running " now . connie there 's a fuckin' Black lawn jockey on we Green lawn ! Felix storm out of the den. flip rip off the polygraph sensor and follow . ext . front lawn - felix be house - day all of the klan member , include flip and connie , pour onto the lawn . Felix burst out of the Front door with he pistol . he fire at ron -- who be usain bolt -ing down the Street . bang ! bang ! bang ! flip grab Felix 's pistol and fire just as ron reach the unmark car . flip fire again and again empty the gun ! miss on purpose just as ron reach the unmark car . ron jump inside ... squeeeeel ! the car peel off . flip yeah , keep drivin ' you Black spearchucker !!! piece a shit nigger !!! felix almost get ' im . flip be foam at the mouth . everyone stare at he , momentarily surprised at he outburst . flip hand Felix he gun back . flip Felix , you still want I to take you Jew detector test !!! walter look from flip to Felix . Felix can only shrug . angle - STREET neighbor poke they head out from across the Street . Felix look to the chapter member gather around . felix everybody go Home now !!! get outta here !!! go home !!! int . unmarked car - day ron speed away , down the residential street . he look down at he body . no wound . he slow he breathe . too Close for comfort . int . sergeant trapp's office - cspd - day sgt. trapp flip through the report . ron and flip watch . sgt . trapp lie detector ? Shots fire ? a goddamn clusterfuck !!! you dickhead be put I in a tough Spot here . if bridge hear about this ... ron stallworth be he gonna hear about it , sarge ? sgt. trapp think a moment , then open a drawer under he desk and throw the report into it . int . intelligence unit - cspd - day angle - hallway ron and flip emerge from sgt. trapp 's office . flip I do not say it in there with trapp but that peckerwood have a gun in my face and he be a ass Hair away from pull the trigger . ron stallworth and he do not . flip but he could have and then I woulda be Dead ... for what ? stoppin ' some jerkoff from play dress up ? ron stallworth flip , it 's Intel . flip I be not risk my life to prevent some redneck from lighting a couple stick on Fire . ron stallworth this be the job . what 's you problem ? flip ron , you be my problem . ron stallworth how 's that ? flip for you it 's not a job , it 's a crusade . it 's not personal nor should it be . they stop walk . ron stallworth why have not you buy into this ? flip why should I ? ron stallworth because you be jewish , brother . the so - call chosen people . flip get piss and fly up into ron face . they be nose to nose . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) you be pass , man . flip what ? ron stallworth you be pass for a wasp !!! White anglo saxon Protestant , all -american hot Dog , cherry pie White Boy . it 's what some Light - skin Black folk do , they pass for White . flip understand now . he glare at ron. ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) do not that hatred the klan say piss you off . flip of course it do . ron stallworth then why you act like you be not get skin in the game ! flip that 's my damn Business ! ron stallworth it 's we Business . ron and flip look at each other . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get you membership Card so you can go on this Cross Burning and get in deeper , right flip ? int . cspd intelligence unit - ron' desk - day ron be alone on the phone as he study he packet of kkk material . he see a number for the kkk headquarters . he dial . a message click on : voice ( o.s. ) wake up White man , the negro want you White woman and you job ! the Jew want you money ... the record be interrupt by a pleasant - sounding man . pleasant man ( o.s. ) hello , and whom be I talk to ? ron stallworth good afternoon . my name be ron stallworth , call from Colorado Springs . how be you today , Sir ? pleasant man quite well , ron . what can I do for you ? ron stallworth I be call because I desperately want to participate in my chapter 's honorary event but I can not until I receive my membership Card . pleasant man ( o.s. ) of course , I can help you with that . ron stallworth thank you . who be I speak with ? pleasant man ( o.s. ) this be devin Davis . ron have die and go to Heaven . ron stallworth I be sorry ... do you just say you be devin Davis ? devin davis ( o.s. ) ... last time I check . ron stallworth ... Grand wizard of the ku klux klan ? that devin Davis ? devin davis ( o.s. ) that Grand wizard and National director . ron stallworth really ? National director too ? devin davis ( o.s. ) really . ron stallworth I be honore to be speak with you . I be not afraid to say it ... I consider you a true White american hero . devin davis be there any other kind ? int . kkk national office - day devin davis 30' have a trim Red mustache and a mop of Sandy Hair which drape he ear . he play the role of a Southern gent but he pierce pale - Blue eye reveal a monster . Davis wear a Three - piece suit and sit at a neat Office desk . devin davis and I be just happy to be talk to a true White american . intercut ron with devin davis : ron stallworth amen , Mr. Davis . seem like there 's less and less of we this day . now about that membership Card ... Davis unwrap a stick of juicy fruit gum , he favorite . devin davis ... I understand the situation . we have be have some administrative problem that have cause a backlog . ... tell you what , ron . I will see to it personally that you membership Card be process and send out today . ron thank you , Mr. Davis . I can not express to you how much I appreciate this . devin davis the pleasure be all mine . I look forward to meeting you in person one Day and God bless White America . int . cspd - day ron rush out of the room buzzing about speak to Davis he immediately knock shoulder with someone go the other way . when he turn around it 's ... master patrolman lander , who turn back give a smirk . lander watch where you be go . you could get hurt like that hot shot . lander march on leave ron to contemplate . int . intelligence unit - cspd - day ron wire up flip . ron stallworth that cop that pull kwame ture over that night ... be it lander ? flip be surprised . flip how would you know ? ron stallworth I can smell they ' a mile away now . flip ponder for a moment , then say . flip he 's be a bad cop for a long time . ron stallworth yeah ? flip do that kinda ' shit all the time . few year ago , he allegedly shot and kill a Black kid ... he say he have a gun . the kid be not the type . ron stallworth flip , why do you tolerate this ? flip we be a family . good or bad . we stick together . you wanna be the guy that rat he out ? ron go quiet . flip ( cont 'd ) you be New . you be a rookie . you ever get you ass in a jam , you ' will appreciate the Blue Wall of silence . ron stallworth yeah , remind I of another Group . ron finish . flip step away buttone he shirt . 81 ext . OPEN field - day pop ! a bullet strike a beer bottle in a open field . felix bullseye . Felix look up from he shotgun . all around he , other chapter member line up in a row , fire they gun at bottle . some be wear Green Army field jacket . nearby , a couple of fold - up table stock with plate of grill meat and bowl of cheese doodle . flip be lock in conversation with walter , who could not care less about the firing Range behind he . walter ... and then you get what use to be a decent bar , the hide N seek room , turn into a filthy fag bar overnight . flip fuckin ' fag everywhere this day . flip be still mostly focus on Felix and he crew . walter they be try to colonize . first they get they own bar , then they want equal treatment ... flip ... forget dem fag ... some of this guy Army -train ? walter turn around for a moment , then turn back , dismissive . walter a lot of them be . Fort carson ... close - flip observe two mystery men , steve and jerry , both 30' , they look classier than the rest of the gang handle m - 16' . flip I have not see that mac before . walter Steve and Jerry . flip yeah , who be they ? walter that 's classified . walter step away leave flip to ponder the two mystery Men . CUT to : 82 ext . unmarked car - day ron be in the car quite a way away with a huge telephoto lens on a 33 mm camera . he focus in on ... ron' camera Pov - the two mystery men ron click off numerous photo of they . and then clicking on all the various klansman enjoy the outing . close - ron behind the camera focus in on he target : clicking ! walter , ivanhoe , Felix , all of they . CUT to : 82a ext . OPEN field - day flip near the target area see something that make he laugh out loud . flip gezzus H. Christ ! the target be ... the official running nigger target in the form a Black silhouette of a running Black man with a afro , Big lip , butt , etc . felix help with practicin ' for nigger looter . dem ' sum-bitch run like roaches when you flip the switch in the Kitchen late at night . Felix and ivanhoe shoot they Hand gun at the Black man target ! they hit the bull - Eye target on he head , lip , butt , body . felix ( cont 'd ) I do not know how that Black bastard get away the other day . ivanhoe suddenly pipe up . ivanhoe hey , ron ! take my forty - five Auto wanna see what you can do . felix maybe you will get that nigger next time . ivanhoe hand flip he pistol . he take it , he hand sweaty . all eye on flip as he take aim at a Black man running target fifty foot away . the klansman observe . bang !!! a hole rip in the Black man target head !!! then the butt !!! body ! and lip !!! klansmen good shot !!! shit ! get that coon Dead in the ass ! Nice one !!! ivanhoe that 's one deaaaaaad jungle Bunny !!! the gang eye flip , impressed . ivanhoe pat flip 's back . felix where would you learn to shoot like that ? flip my ole man give I a toy cap gun when I be a kid , be shoot ever since . ivanhoe proceed to teach flip the klan handshake . 83 ext . OPEN field - dusk everyone be go now . ron walk through observe the scene look over the remnant of the gather . close - ron ron pick up the official running nigger target full of bullet hole . 83a ext . creek - day patrice and ron walk on a nature pathway alongside a Creek . ron stallworth bernie casey 's a badd brother . patrice cleopatra Jones be the one . it 's about time we see a strong sister like that ... ron stallworth ... and tamara dobson play a cop . patrice that be a Black exploitation Movie . a fantasy . Real life 's not like that . in real life there 's no cleopatra Jones or coffy . ron stallworth you do not dig Pam grier ? she 's Fine as wine and twice as mellow . patrice Pam grier be do she thing but in real life it 's just Pigs kill Black folk . ron stallworth what if a cop be try to make thing better . patrice from the inside ? ron stallworth yeah , from the inside . patrice you can not make thing better from the inside . it 's a racist system . ron stallworth so just give up ? patrice no !!! we fight for what Black people really need ! black liberation !!! ron stallworth can not you do that from the inside ! patrice no ! you can not . White man will not let we . ron get frustrated . patrice stop he . patrice ( cont 'd ) what do dubois say about " double consciousness " ? " twoness " . be a american and a negro ? two soul ? two thought ? two warring ideal in one Dark body ? ron stallworth I know how that feel . I be two damn people all the time ! patrice but you should not be ! we should not have a War go on inside ourselves . why can not we just be Black people ? ron stallworth because we be not there yet ! patrice well , I be tired of wait ! patrice walk off . ron sigh , walk to catch up to she , and put he arm around patrice . ron stallworth shaft or superfly ? patrice what ? ron stallworth pick one , shaft or superfly ? patrice a private detective over a pimp any day and twice on Sunday . ron stallworth Richard roundtree or ron o'neal ? patrice Richard roundtree . pimp ai not no heroes . ron stallworth ron o'neal be not a pimp . he 's just play one . patrice that image do damage to we people . ron stallworth jesus christ !!! give it a rest . patrice I can not you jive turkey . they both laugh . int . ron' apartment - night knock at the door . ron open it and find Felix stand there . the two stare at each other for a moment , finally . felix wrong address . Felix back away as patrice peek from around ron see Felix . Felix see she , turn to walk away . patrice who be that ? ron watch Felix drive away . ron stallworth nobody . int . kitchen - felix be house - night ivanhoe , walter and Felix be in the kitchen talk , drink beer and eat snack . flip enter . flip hey , sorry have to work late . how you guy do ? everyone greet flip , but Felix say . flip grab a beer from a cooler , pop the tab . felix you get a twin . everyone go quiet look at flip . flip what ? felix you get a twin . flip twin what ? felix a twin- twin and ya twin be a nigger . flip look dumbfounded . Felix near he . felix ( cont 'd ) look in the phone Book and go over what I think be you place and find a nig there . Felix look deadly . ivanhoe and walter look at flip . finally . flip my number 's unlist . Felix just continue to stare . flip ( cont 'd ) what address do you go to ? felix over on ... bluestem Lane . flip I do not live on bluestem . I live off 21st Street ... felix so you do not know that nigger ? flip oh , that 's that nigger I keep in the woodpile . everyone laugh . Felix finally crack a grin . flip ( cont 'd ) 1813 South 21st Street . come by sometime we will have a coor . ivanhoe and flip clink can . felix and y'know what ? that loud mouth Black Student Union bitch that 's be in the paper complain about the Police . she be there . flip that fuckin ' cunt . felix like to close that monkey lip permanently . flip yeah , after I get they ' 'round da head of my Dick . everyone laugh , agree . ext . ron' apartment - day ron take a letter out of he mailbox and excitedly rip open a letter from the kkk National Office . he grin and clap he hand ! int . intelligence unit - cspd - day flip stand look at what look like a credit Card as ron sit at he desk , lean back , satisfied . flip be you Fucking kid I ? ron stallworth what ? flip you do not cross that line . this be about a investigation . not a ... relationship . ron stallworth you be right , I be messin ' up . hate to violate that Blue Wall of silence . flip Nice one . ron stallworth be patrice a target ? flip maybe . ron go quiet , concerned . a excited ron go to the once stark empty white wall now cover with numerous klansman photo . ron slap the photo of active duty Soldiers . ron stallworth we get active duty Soldiers from Fort carson . go to the cid with this . ron slap the photo of Steve and Jerry . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) we mystery boy Steve and Jerry . still do not know who they be . ron slap photo of Felix , ivanhoe , connie . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) we get Felix 's Old klan Crew . ron turn to flip and he slap a photo of walter . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) and we get new klan walter . flip walter 's a General without a Army . Felix 's Crew be stronger than he . flip look at ron , amaze . flip ( cont 'd ) you have really be talk to devin Davis ? ron stallworth oh Hell yeah !!! ron slap the large photo of devin Davis . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) that 's my Ace boon coon running partner ! and now that you get that ronny Boy . we be on a Roll , baby !!! ron laugh and point at the kkk membership Card and flip pick it up . close on the card as flip read it . flip ron stallworth member in good stand Knights of the ku klux klan ron stallworth that 's we the stallworth boy . flip yeah , funny , but you do not have psychopath stare at you ask where you live . ron stallworth I call to warn you , but you must have already take off . flip ron , I be not raise jewish . it be not a part of my life . so I never think much about be jewish , be just another White kid , do not even have my bar mitzvah . no Chanukah for I . Christmas . in this job , you try to keep thing at a distance . you put up a Shield so you do not feel anything ... this shit be deep . when that fuck Felix have I in that room and I keep have to deny my heritage ... I have be pass . omitted . omitted . ext . freedom house - day ron drive up and get out of he car and walk up meeting patrice , odetta , hakeem and other member of the Black Student Union outside hold flyer . patrice stand there look very upset , she shove a Flyer out at ron . he take it , read . the flyer ( ron be Pov ) a draw of a hood and robe klansman . above the drawing , there 's text : you can sleep tonight know the klan be awake . 2 shot - patrice and ron ron stallworth where would you find they ? patrice I find this one on my car . but they be all over the Neighborhood , too . ron look around see resident and student hold the Flyers , discuss they , some upset , other bewilder . patrice ( cont 'd ) do you think this be Real ? ron stallworth it 's Real . angle - STREET hakeem , odetta and the other look around for they , piss . patrice this be intimidation . ron stallworth clearly , this be about the Black Student Union and you . patrice I ? ron stallworth you have be outspoken about the incident with the Police when brother kwame be here . patrice so the next time they will have a Burning Cross out Front . ron stallworth they be try to get to you , like you say they want to intimidate make themselves fear . if you do not let them scare you . they get nothing . but keep you eye open . be cool . odetta that 's the problem we have be too cool ! hakeem Way too cool ! ron stallworth maybe the both of you should call the cop . hakeem how we know this be not some of the kkk 's honky - pig-partner pass out this shit ! patrice and ron step away from odetta and hakeem . they walk and talk . ext . winding road - hillside - night a fleet of pickup ride uphill . a flat bed on the end of the convoy have a eighteen - Foot wooden Cross fastened on it . a cspd patrol car drive past the convoy , head downhill . 92 int . ivanhoe' car - winding road - night ivanhoe , riding with flip , watch the patrol car pass in the opposite direction . ivanhoe soak the Wood in kerosene , we light a cig on a pack of match . give we time to beat it before the Cross catch Fire . safeguard against cspd . flip must be quite a sight . ivanhoe the best . you can see it for mile . freak out the Jew media and put niggers on they nigger toe . they ride in silence for a moment . flip a lot of this guy in the Army ? ivanhoe yeah , even get a few in active duty . flip just finish my second Tour in nam . ivanhoe 's eye light up . ivanhoe oh yeah ? know anything about C - 4 ? flip enough to make shit blow up . flip stop talk . he might have reveal a bit too much . CUT to : ext . opposite hillside - night ron watch as walter and Felix argue through night vision binoculars . ron say on the walkie-talkie . ron stallworth send another one . CUT to : 93a ext . top of the hill - hillside - night another patrol car pass . ivanhoe damn , that 's the second one . Pigs be out tonight . 94 ext . top of the hill - hillside - night the convoy crest the Hill , pull to the side of the Road . the klansman dismount and gather around the flatbed truck carry the wooden Cross . another cspd patrol car appear . it pass by , not slow . felix that make Three piggy wiggys . everyone stop what they be do . Felix turn and catch flip 's eye . it almost seem as if he 's stare directly at flip ... CUT to : 94a ext . opposite hillside - night ron looking through the binoculars lower they , grin to himself . ron stallworth good job , men. CUT to : 94b ext . top of the hill - hillside - night the pickup truck peel out , head back down the Hill . ext . patrice's house - day patrice come outside and get in the car take off . Felix have be watch she the whole time sit in he pick up truck . he spit , toss he cigarette and follow she . 96 int . ron' desk - cspd intelligence unit - night it 's late . ron 's alone on the phone in mid-conversation . it be intercut with devin Davis speak on the sofa in he office : devin davis ... I do not share this with many people , but my family have a color housekeeper grow up . her name be pinky . she be probably the close woman to I other than mother . ron stallworth that surprise I . devin davis I know . people think I hate negroes . I do not and the Organization do not either . ron give a " this be crazy ! " look . devin davis they just need to be with they own . that 's what pinky would say , she have no problem with segregation because she want to be with she own kind . ron stallworth sound like she be a mammy to you . devin davis she be . you ever see " go with the wind " ? pinky be my hattie mcdaniel . she win a oscar for best support actress . ron stallworth you be scarlett and she be mammy . devin davis that 's right . when she pass away it be like we lose one of the family . ron stallworth a good nigger 's funny that way . in that sense they be like a Dog . they can get real close to you and when you lose they ' . just break you heart . devin davis well say ron. ron stallworth I know a nigger once . devin davis didja ? ron stallworth yeah . nigger live across the street from we . I must of be six or Seven . his nickname be butter biscuit . devin davis how would he get that nickname ? ron stallworth he love he mama 's butter biscuit . devin davis yum yum !!! ron stallworth I and butter biscuit play together everyday . one day my Father come home early from work and tell I I could not play with he anymore because I be White and butter biscuit be a nigger . int . devin davis' office - night Davis laugh . devin davis that 's rich . ron 's face reveal the story be probably true , but reverse . ron stallworth ai not it . devin davis you Father sound like a terrific man. ron stallworth thanks , buddy . devin davis well , you be a upstand White Christian man . I tell you this be why we need more people like we in Public Office . to get this country back on track . ron stallworth amen . devin davis for America to achieve we greatness ... again . ron stallworth absolutely . sure wish we have the chance to chat face to face . devin davis in due time , my friend , in due time . I will be in Colorado Springs for you initiation ... ron stallworth you will be in Colorado Springs ? devin davis you bet you mayflower Society ass I will . ron smile and take a SMALL note pad from he jacket pocket and write something down . int . colorado college library - night patrice sit in front of a microfilm reader . close up - patrice her face be cover with emotion as she roll through the ghastly photo of black lynchings . 97 int . cspd intelligence unit - day ron be alone at he desk . he be on the undercover phone line . walter ( o.s. ) we need a new leader . someone everyone can unite behind . Felix would Love to be the one but we can not let that happen . he 's a crazy sonofvabitch . a loose cannon . we need someone articulate , who display great Leadership quality ... cherry revision 77 . walter ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it should be you , ron . you should be chapter President . you !!! ron sit there a moment , unable to say a word . after he compose himself : ron stallworth that would be quite a honor . walter ( o.s. ) you will be great ... ron stallworth I will have to think about this . my father be very ill and he life in El paso . I will not have the time . walter ( o.s. ) you be a smart and diligent man . I have get no doubt you could handle it . omitted int . unmarked car - night the car 's park across the Street from Felix 's House . ron listen in . int . felix be house - dine room - night the Whole chapter be present . half of they be open-carry . in a corner , ivanhoe teach flip the historic klan handshake . close - index and Middle finger extend along the Inside wrist . walter I think it 's time for some new blood to get in here . I be plan to step down as you President . member exchange look . Felix can not hide he smile . walter ( cont 'd ) I would like to make a nomination ... Mr. ron stallworth for chapter President . the room be Silent . felix we just meet this guy . ivanhoe he just walk in off the street . felix let I ask a question . be there anybody here that be willing to put they neck on the line for ron ? walter I will vouch for ron. all eye turn to flip . flip it 's a Big honor but I can not accept . Problem be , what you good Men need be a President who will be constant , on call Day in , Day out . I will be back and forth between here and Dallas . int . unmarked car - night ron on headphone squint , worried , say to himself . ron stallworth El paso , flip , El paso ... int . felix be house - dine room - night walter Dallas ? I think it be El paso . the rest of the chapter member be pay attention now . flip do I say Dallas ? walter you sure do . felix ron which one be it ? ivanhoe make up you mind . the whole room wait . flip Dallas be where my plane layover be . El paso be where my sick Father be . they buy it . we think . ivanhoe Dallas , where they kill that nigger lover Kennedy . felix where you learn that ? ivanhoe I can read . the chapter chatter in agreement . flip I just hope my Father be not care for by some texicano spic nurse . collective moan . walter we will pray for ya pop 's health . ivanhoe and Big spic teet !!! int . cspd intelligence unit - ron' desk - day ron be on the undercover phone line . sgt. trapp sit behind he . ron have he receiver out so that trapp can listen in . ron stallworth I be anxious to meet you and it will be something I share with my family for generation to come . 103a int . devin davis' office - devin' desk - day intercut ron and sgt . trapp with devin davis at he desk : devin davis I be eager to meet you too , ron . ron and sgt. trapp make eye contact . sgt. trapp nod , a laugh threaten to spring out of he face . ron stallworth say , Mr. Davis ... I just have to ask . be not you ever concerned about some smart - aleck negro call you and pretend to be White ? sgt. trapp cover he mouth . devin davis no , I can always tell when I be talk to a negro . ron stallworth how so ? devin davis take you , for example . I can tell you be a pure Aryan White man by the way you pronounce certain word . sgt. trapp be double over now . ron stallworth any example ? devin davis take the word " be " . a pure Aryan like you or I would say it correctly ... like " be " . negroes pronounce it " be - uh " . ron stallworth you be so White ... right . I want to thank you for this lesson because if you have not bring it to my attention , I would never have notice the difference between how we talk and how negroes talk . sgt. trapp be laugh so hard he be shaking violently . he shake he head as if to implore ron to stop . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) from now on I be go to pay close attention to my telephone conversation so I can make sure I be not talk to one of dem ' sneaky colored . ron cup the receiver , look at sgt. trapp , whisper . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) you okay ? sgt. trapp get up and bumble away . ron speak into the phone : ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) I would love to continue this conversation when you be in Colorado Springs . beautiful here , sir. God 's country . devin davis that 's what I have hear , ron . you have a nice day . ron stallworth you too , sir. God bless White America . ron hang up , laugh . he call to sgt . trapp : ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) it 's over !!! you can come back !!! int . felix be house - day just then -- the undercover phone ring . ron hesitates . it 's strange timing . he pick up . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) hello ? felix ( o.s. ) it 's Felix . ron quickly cup the receiver . felix ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) catch you at a bad time ? ron stallworth not at all . just ... finish a meal . felix ( o.s. ) meeting . my House . now . git ya ass in gear and do not tell mealy mouth walter . 104 ext . backyard - felix be house - day flip look down at a steel door build into the Ground , its latch leave open . he look around . paranoid . 105 int . felix' STORM shelter - day flip enter the short stairwell , step to the cement floor . felix ( o.s. ) welcome to the Promised land . the room be tight . military outfit hang from the Wall , surround the Group of klansman , who sit on milk crates . in the corner , a sniper rifle rest on a swivel near box of can goods and stack cot . flip find a empty crate , squat . Felix stand underneath a single hang Light -bulb . felix ( cont 'd ) in about a week 's time , we will be welcoming Mr. Davis to we City . Felix let that hang in the Air for a moment . felix ( cont 'd ) who 's pack tonight ? ivanhoe go upside he head with he handgun . ivanhoe I be pack . one by one , Brothers brandish weapon . except flip . felix ( cont 'd ) where 's you piece , ron ? flip I do not carry it on I all the time . the chapter member laugh teasingly . felix I get ya cover . flip wo not happen again . Felix reach behind he back , pull out a sharpe &amp ; Gibson .45 caliber and hand it to flip . felix ( cont 'd ) we be gonna need you good shot come next Sunday . flip what 's gonna happen next Sunday ? a beat . Felix regards the rest of the Men with gravity . felix the War be gonna come to we . flip fuck ya '. Felix grin . ivanhoe look like we get ourselves another soldier . felix just make sure that when you be at the steakhouse , you have get you new friend with ya. ivanhoe and give it a name . int . felix' house / bedroom - night Felix and connie be in bed , she be lie on he chest . connie honey , you ever have second thought ? felix about what ? connie killin ' them . felix never think twice about killin ' niggers . connie wo not be able to take it back . felix they be da ' first of many niggers that must die , honey bun . connie I know . it 's just ... become so real . it 's always seem like a dream . Felix sit up , reflect , proud and determine . felix I know . it 's just so beautiful . we be cleanse this country of a backwards Race of monkey 's . first the spook then the kike . Felix sit up raise he hand like Martin luther King . felix ( cont 'd ) free at last ! free at last ! thank God a'mighty - free a ' dem niggers at last !!! they chuckle . connie I love when you do that , honey . connie look into he eye , also reflective . connie ( cont 'd ) you know , we have talk about kill niggers for so many year and now it 's really happen . felix my Old man always tell I good thing come to that who wait . she touch the side of he face , very loving . connie thank you for bring I into you life . for loving I like you do and give I a purpose , direction . felix y'know , this will be the shot hear around the World . connie the New Boston tea Party . felix honey bun , one day , the great historian will write about we like that . they will say we be the patriot that save America . you and I . we turn the tide . save we true White Race ... it fact , save a entire Nation and bring it back to its glorious destiny . connie in a way , we be the New found father . this strike Felix . he sit there soaking it in . he finally turn to connie . felix yes we be ... martha . connie indeed we be ... George . the couple kiss each other passionately . 106 omitted 107 omitted 108 int . cspd intelligence unit - day ron arrive . sit at he desk . a deep sigh . but then ... he see something . on he desk . a simple note : acacia park . 12 pm . bring case book . agent y - FBI . ext . old abandoned brewster's factory - day ron 's car be park , and another car drive up and park across from he . angle - both car agent y - ( 40' ) in a suit - get out the car and ron follow suit . man ( o.s. ) Mr. stallworth . ron stallworth agent ... y? ext . old abandoned brewster's factory - day agent y name of chapter member ? agent y show ron a folder and run he finger down the list and suddenly stop . he then continue go down the list , then stop again . he pull out a small ledger and make a note . ron stallworth what be this about ? agent y turn back . agent y two name on you list work at norad . ron stallworth the two mystery man . Steve and Jerry ? agent y they real name be Harry drick and Kevin Nelson . two clown with top Security clearance . this klansman be in charge of monitoring we Safety . agent y let this sink in . even ron be surprised by this . agent y ( cont 'd ) you have do a service to you country . agent y slip ron a folder full of paper . agent y ( cont 'd ) we have be monitoring you investigation . impressive . ron flip through the paper . various document about the History of the Colorado klan . agent y take a thoughtful pause . agent y ( cont 'd ) last night , Fort carson report several c4 explosive miss from they armory . no suspect . ron stallworth klan ...? agent y do not say anything . not confirm , not deny . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) we think they might pull something . but not like this ? agent y you will not see this on the News . for obvious reason but I think it might be of interest to you . agent y rise to he foot . ron rise as well . ron stallworth if you know about a attack , I need to know when . agent y you be the one with the impressive investigation . agent y walk to he car . ron stallworth but ... can not you , the FBI pitch in ? agent y get in he car . agent y Federal Bureau of investigation ? ron just look at he . agent y ( cont 'd ) because we never have this conversation . agent y drive off . Felix and flip be alone . felix flip , I be start to trust you . I be gonna tell you something none of we Brothers know . my lil ' sister marry a nigger . now I get a lil ' nigger niece and a lil ' nigger nephew . Jesus Christ , the World 's go to Hell in a handbasket ! do I a favor , do not tell nobody . cuz ' if you do , I be gonna have to shoot you dead . I be serious . flip thanks for share . ext . freedom house , porch - day ron and patrice be go at it on the Porch . the freedom House protestor assemble on the street to March on the kkk . ron stallworth you can hate I all you want to , just promise I you will not go to the protest . patrice I be go . we be go . what be you talk about ? ron stallworth I can not say specifics but today , the klan be plan a attack . patrice then we have to tell the people . ron stallworth not a option . patrice what 's wrong with you ? ron stallworth no one can know while it 's a active investigation ... patrice active investigation ? and pray tell how do you know all this ? you a cop ? ron stallworth I be not a cop . silence . patrice what be you , then ?... ron take a moment . then ... ron stallworth ... I be a undercover detective . I have be investigate the klan . patrice fuckin ' kkk ? ron stallworth , you lie to I . be that even you real name ? ron stallworth ron stallworth be my first and last name . today 's not the day ... patrice I take my duty as President of the Black Student Union seriously . what be this all about ? ron stallworth all the good it do . you could sit in the middle of nevada Avenue and set yourself on Fire and the klan will still be here . patrice I would be do something . unlike you . ron stallworth unlike I ? do not think because I be not wear a Black beret , Black leather jacket and Black Ray ban scream " kill whitey " do not mean I do not care about my people . patrice take this in . patrice that night we see brother kwame ... be you undercover then too ? ron stallworth patrice ... patrice ... answer the question . be you undercover the night we meet ? ron be silent . patrice ( cont 'd ) ron stallworth be you for Revolution and the Liberation of Black people ? ron stallworth I be a undercover detective for the Colorado Springs Police Department . it 's my j-o - B. patrice House niggers say they have j-o-b- S too . you disgust I . omitted int . phone booth - day butch be on the phone . butch it 's off . int . intelligence unit - ron' desk - day intercut with butch . ron on the phone with butch . ron stallworth the March ? butch yeah . ron stallworth what 's go on ? butch you will know soon enough . click ! ron hang up the phone , dread this . he turn to sgt. trapp and flip who have be stand there , listen . ron stallworth Felix just say the March be cancel . flip why ? all ron can do be shake he head . he pace , concerned . sgt . trapp could be all the death threat . ron stallworth they be use to that . flip and there 's be nothing more about explosive ? ron stallworth no . Chief bridge walk in unexpectedly with lander . everyone snap up , respectful . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) ... I have a special assignment for ron. sgt . trapp ron already have a assignment . ron stallworth what 's more important than prevent a attack ? Chief bridge hand ron " the devin Davis death threat fax . " chief bridge there be very credible threat to devin Davis 's life . ron , I be assign you to be Security detail for Davis . a shockwave . ron stallworth I do not think that 's a wise decision ... lander ... Davis need protection . there 's no one else available . chief bridge ron , it 's nut crack time . put you personal Politics aside . flip Chief , it 's not about that and you know it . devin Davis and ron have be speak over the phone , several time . if he recognize he voice ... or if any of the klansman do , it could compromise we entire investigation . ron stallworth a clusterfuck . chief bridge curl a smile . chief bridge correct I if I be wrong but do not you boast that you be fluent in both English and jive ? ron be quiet . chief bridge ( cont 'd ) do you remember that ? lander answer the Chief ! ron go at lander . ron stallworth man , who you think you be talk to . you have be try to sabotage I since Day one . chief bridge gentlemen . lander why you get so work up , Boy ? ron stallworth who you callin' Boy ? Chief raise he eyebrow from the comment . a piss master patrolman lander turn to Chief bridge for support but he say nothing . lander then exit . Chief say to ron . chief bridge if you let he get to you that easy , you be not get a shot with devin Davis . ron take he SMALL note pad out and write something down again . Chief bridge look at he confuse . int . felix' house / garage - night a work light shine over they . WALKER , 40' , a tattooe ex - con and demolition expert , instruct Felix , ivanhoe and connie . they stand around a large work bench in the garage . he carefully remove a large c4 bomb from he gym bag . WALKER listen up . first , the primary target . Walker speak to connie . he set the bomb on the work bench . WALKER ( cont 'd ) Felix say you be do it . so all you have to do be set the pocketbook on the front porch , back porch , side wall , do not matter . it just have to be against the building . you can plant it anywhere . there 's enough c4 here to take the whole thing out . Walker hand the c4 to Felix . WALKER be careful with that . felix understand ? Felix hand the c4 to connie . connie I understand . WALKER all you have to do when you have place it ... Walker put he finger on the toggle switch . WALKER ( cont 'd ) ... be flip this switch . that 's it . get it ? Walker pass the detonator to Felix , who pass it to connie . felix miss Black Student Union bitch be bring in some Old coon to speak . the place should be pack . so Walker , nothing but rubble ... WALKER ... and barbecue niggers . ivanhoe laugh , like that . Walker carefully remove another smaller bomb from the bag . he can hold it in one hand . felix and what happen if that do not work ? WALKER plan B. felix can you handle it , honey ? connie you can count on I . I have be wait to do my part . he give she a peck on the lip . WALKER lovebird . get a Hotel room . connie put the C -4 , smaller bomb and detonator into she pocketbook . ivanhoe reach for it . ivanhoe can I feel it ? WALKER no !!! no feel !!! ext . antler HOTEL - day ron still in plain clothes park he unmark car in the lot of the luxurious antler Hotel on South cascade Ave . he walk toward the entrance , where the six biker stand around Davis ' sedan . the biker all look up simultaneously . ron stallworth I be Mr. Davis ' Security detail . they look at each other , then back at ron . they say nothing . just then Davis emerge from the Hotel , wear a neatly press suit and tie . he nod to the biker , then look up at the plainclothes Black detective in front of he . ron step forward , extend a hand . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) hello , Mr. Davis . I be a detective from the Colorado Springs Police Department and I will be act as you bodyguard today . Davis smile and shake ron 's hand . devin davis detective , pleased to meet you . ron stallworth as you may know , there have be several credible threat against you well - be . walter and ivanhoe walk outside the Hotel see ron stand with devin Davis . walter Da heck 's go on here ? devin davis there be threat on my life . this detective have be assign as my bodyguard . walter and ivanhoe smile broadly . ron change he voice slightly for walter . ron stallworth let I be clear , Mr. Davis : I do not agree with you philosophy . however I be a professional and I will do everything within my mean and beyond to keep you safe . Davis stand there a moment , processing all of this . maybe he 's hear that voice somewhere before ? then ... devin davis I appreciate you professionalism . omitted omitted omitted ext . street - day biker that look like hell angel type lead a motorcade through the street of Colorado Springs with two van behind they . omitted ext . steakhouse - day the Van pull up and the door be ripped open . walter stand there , big smile on he face as flip step out . walter sorry for the extra Security today . can not be too careful . ready to meet Mr. Davis ? int . steakhouse - day flip follow walter to a large table near the back , where Felix , ivanhoe and other chapter member stand around chat with devin Davis . everyone stand in line in awe of the Grand wizard to shake he hand . Davis turn and smile as flip approach . walter Mr. Davis , we newest recruit , ron stallworth . he shake both of they hand . devin davis ron , it 's my pleasure to finally meet you in person . both of Davis ' hand clasp flip 's hand tight . flip you as well . Davis pause a moment as he process flip 's voice . be this the same person he 's be talk to on the phone ? Davis slap flip on the back appear like best buddy . ron stand in the background . angle - steakhouse - day the room fill with people mingling eat hor d'oeuvre . walter stand between flip and Davis as he hold Court . flip , ivanhoe , walter , Felix and connie all drink it up totally impressed and star strike . Felix do a double take when he see ron. felix what 's that do here ? ivanhoe fuckin ' cop assign to guard mister Davis . be not that the livin ' shit ? devin davis everybody , it be time . Felix stare at ron , ponder the door meeting . felix you stay here . ya hear ? int . waiting room - steakhouse - day the mood now solemn and deadly serious and Religious . flip and ten other inductees stand in a cramped wait room . they all wear klan robe and White Lone Ranger mask . the other inductee be grin ear to ear , like kid on early Morning Christmas . jesse nayyar step in . jesse be 35 , clean - shaven , in shape underneath he flow klan robe . jesse I be jesse nayyar , Colorado 's Grand Dragon . I welcome you all to this Sacred ceremony . jesse stand tall , beam . flip wipe he brow . jesse ( cont 'd ) in a moment you will take a life oath to join the most Sacred Brotherhood this Nation have ever see . jesse allow for a dramatic pause . Davis address they . devin davis my Brothers in Christ , Nobel Prize recipient and co- creator of the transistor and my dear friend , William shockley , whose Scientific work ushere in the Computer Age , have prove through he Research with eugenic that each of we have flow through we vein the gene of a Superior Race . today , we celebrate that Truth . flip and the other stand strong and ready . jesse ( cont 'd ) hoods on , gentlemen . the inductee take off the mask and put on they hoods , cover they face . flip hesitates , then pull he hood on . int . steakhouse / kitchen area - day ron see a Black waiter , josh , 50 , and near he , whisper in he ear . the waiter look around and gesture for ron to follow he . ron follow josh up a back set of stair . he point to a door and ron slap twenty dollar in he hand . josh leave . ron go through the door . int . steakhouse / storage room - day ron enter the small storage room full of janitorial supplies . he look through a small window down at the private room below . int . freedom house - day the House be fill to capacity watch patrice speak at the podium as jerome turner , Black , 90 year Young , a distinguished gentleman , sit across from she . patrice I be extremely honore today to introduce we speaker for today mister Jerome Turner . Mr. Turner be bear in 1898 in waco , Texas . int . private room - steakhouse - day - intercut the inductee step inside a dark room light only by candle . devin Davis ' Voice , ghostly , call from the darkness . devin davis ( o.s. ) God ... give we true White Men . the invisible Empire demand strong mind , great heart , true faith , and ready hand ... the inductee align themselves in a row . devin davis ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Men who have honor . Men who will not lie . Men who can stand before a demagogue and damn he treacherous flattery without blink . flip can see Davis now , illuminate by candle , wear he own ceremonial robe . his Hood do not cover he face . CUT to : int . freedom house - night Turner be at the podium . he speak slowly but with strength . jerome turner it be a nice spring day , waco , Texas May 15th , nineteen hundre and sixteen . CUT back to : int . private room - steakhouse - day flip look around and the room come into focus : he be surround , on all side , by klansman wear robe and hoods and hold candle . it 's a surreal , Hair -raising experience . jerome turner ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) jesse Washington be a friend of mine . he be seventeen , I be eighteen . he be what they call back then , slow . today it 's call mentally retarded . CUT back to : int . freedom house - day close - jerome turner jerome turner ( cont 'd ) they claim jesse raped and murdered a White woman name Lucy fryer . they put jesse on Trial and he be convict by a all White jury after deliberate for four Minutes . CUT to : int . private room - steakhouse - day close - devin davis devin davis God give we real Men , courageous , who flinch not at duty . Men of dependable character , Men of sterling Worth . then wrong will be redressed and right will rule the Earth . God give we true White Men ! silence . then ... devin davis ( cont 'd ) ron stallworth , come forward . CUT to : int . steakhouse / storage room - day ron look down from the window . flip step toward Davis . CUT to : int . freedom house - day close - jerome turner jerome turner I be work at the shoe shine parlor . after the verdict , a mob grab jesse , wrap a chain around he neck and drag he out the Court House . close - 3 shot - patrice , odetta , hakeem close - jerome turner jerome turner ( cont 'd ) I know I have to hide . CUT to : int . private room - steakhouse - day devin davis ron stallworth . be you a White , non - jewish american citizen ? flip be breathe hard . flip yes . devin davis yes , what ? flip I be a White , non-jewish american citizen . CUT to : int . freedom house - day close - patrice tear roll down she face . jerome turner ( v.o. ) the attic of the parlor have a small window and I watch below as the mob march jesse along stab and beating he . finally , they hold jesse down and cut he testicles off in Front of City Hall . close - jerome turner jerome turner ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the Police and City official be out there just watch like it be a 4th of July parade . CUT to : int . private room - steakhouse - day Davis look into flip 's eye . flip return the stare . devin davis be you in favor of a White man' government in this country ? int . steakhouse / storage room - day candle from the ceremony reflect in the window in front of ron 's face as he watch the madness . jerome turner ( v.o. ) they cut off jesse 's finger and pour coal oil over he bloody body , light a bonfire and for two hour they raise and lower jesse into the flame over and over and over again . CUT to : int . private room - steakhouse - day close - flip stand there hold in he emotion . int . freedom house - day close - jerome turner jerome turner ( cont 'd ) the Mayor have a photographer by the name of gildersleeve come and take picture of the whole lynch . devin davis ( o.s. ) ron stallworth . be you willing to dedicate you life to the Protection , preservation and advancement of the White Race ? CUT to : photo of the lynching of jesse WASHINGTON horrific , barbaric , simply unreal ! CUT to : int . private room - steakhouse - day devin Davis hold a aspergillus in one Hand , a bowl of Water in the other Hand . the inductee drop to they knee . devin davis ( cont 'd ) in mind , in body , in Spirit . Davis sprinkle Water on each inductee . CUT to : int . freedom house - day more lynch photo !!! jerome turner ( v.o. ) the picture be sell as Post card . they put jesse 's char body in a bag and drag it through town then sell what be leave of he remain as souvenir . CUT back to : int . private room - steakhouse - day clapping and cheering from the audience fill with pride . the inductee on they foot . the end of the ceremony . wive and Parents be cry with Joy . Children watch . jerome turner ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) good White folk cheer and laugh and have a High ole ' time . they estimate close to Fifteen thousand people watch it . they bring the Children out on lunch hour from School . all I could do be watch and pray they would not find I . int . freedom house - day more lynching photo of the enormous crowd . no one hide they face . everyone be proud to be there . int . freedom house - night the crowd at the lecture be destroy by the Story . people be weeping , tear stream down face , odetta and hakeem sit there , stunne . patrice she eye Red with tear lead the audience around the room examine the lynching photo that be on display . ___ int . steakhouse / storage room - day ron see flip 's ceremony complete and go downstairs . ______int . private room - steakhouse - night the light be now on , the candle extinguish , the hoods have be remove . everyone sit watch as d.w. griffith 's the birth of a Nation be project on a screen . the newly install klansman and they families watch the Film with face of amazement . jerome turner ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one of the reason they do that to jesse be that birth of a Nation Movie have come out a year before . it give the klan a rebirth . it be what be a Big , Big thing back then . today what they call a blockbuster ! everybody see it . they say even the President of the United States , woodrow Wilson show the Movie in the White House , he say " it be History write with lighting " . Davis , flip , Felix , ivanhoe , walter and the other watch captivate . the klan riding to the rescue defeat the Black beast !!! close - ron observe it all from the back of the room , the only Black person there . he be like a alien from another Planet . omitted int . banquet room - steakhouse - day it 's a large space with a long banquet table . walter welcome Davis up to the head table podium . walter please everyone rise as the Grand wizard lead we in a toast . Davis step to the podium raise he glass . devin davis look around , today we be privileged to be among White Men such as yourselves , Real Warrior for the Real America , the one we ancestor fought and die for . everyone 's face in the room brighten as Davis fill they all with inspiration . devin davis ( cont 'd ) we be the true White american Race the backbone from whence come we great Southern Heritage . to the USA ! everyone in the Hall shout : to the USA ! everyone stand , hoist they glass upward . ron can see holster -- on belt , on leg , on ankle . ron 's mouth go agape realize everyone in the room be armed . devin Davis at the banquet table shove a forkful of Prime Rib into he mouth as he chat casually with walter and jesse . Felix and connie sit near the head table , eat . flip sit on the opposite end . ron watch as connie rise from she seat . she lean down give Felix a peck on he cheek . close - ron be Pov - connie leave the banquet hall and ron watch she go out the front door . Felix go over to Davis , lean down to greet he . felix I just want to say how honore I be to be in you presence . they shake hand in the traditional klan manner . devin davis the honor be mine . close - WALKER walk through the maze of table with he second help of food when he notice ... close - WALKER be Pov - flip talk at the table with walter and Davis . flip be very chummy laugh and tell storey with they like old friend . Walker stare hard at flip like he 's try to place he . he sit next to Felix , still stare at flip . Walker nod to himself , speak quietly . WALKER he 's a cop . felix who ? WALKER that guy . Felix look at flip . felix ron ? WALKER no , the other guy . Walker be talk about flip too . felix ron 's a cop ? WALKER no , he name be Phillip but he nickname be flip . felix who 's Phillip ? Walker look at flip as he speak to Davis . WALKER who 's ron , that 's Phillip . felix what the fuck be you talk about ? WALKER that guy be the cop that send I away to prison for armed Fucking robbery . flip eat with Davis . WALKER ( o.s. ) his name be Phillip ... Phillip Zimmerman . Felix be shocked . felix what ! WALKER yeah , he 's a fuckin ' pig . felix what 's he name ? WALKER Phillip Zimmerman . felix be not that a Jew name ? WALKER I do not know ... probably . felix so ron stallworth be a Fucking Jew . WALKER coulda ' be worse . Felix look at he . WALKER ( cont 'd ) coulda ' be a nigger . Felix think to himself , then look over at ron who be stand not far away from devin Davis . ron be watching felix and Walker focus on flip . the two , ron and Felix , share a long uncomfortable stare . Felix have figure it all out . felix he 's a nigger . Walker turn to Felix . felix ( cont 'd ) that cop guard Davis . Zimmerman be use he name . WALKER let 's tell Davis . Walker start to rise , Felix lower he back . felix not now , I will find the moment . Felix turn to connie , whisper , they all then rise . ron know something be askew . he give flip a look . flip see it as ron walk over to Davis . ron stallworth ... Mr. Davis , a favor to ask . nobody 's gonna believe I when I tell they I be you bodyguard . ron hold up a Polaroid camera . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) Care to take a photo with I ? Davis laugh , look around the table . devin davis I do not see any harm in that . hey jesse ... why do not you get in here too ? jesse nayyar , equally amused , walk over . flip be already out of he seat , walk to ron . ron glance over see felix , WALKER and connie at the back door ( ron be Pov ) connie have she purse and Walker hand she a gym bag . Felix peck she on the lip . she exit the steakhouse with the gym bag . close - ron then turn to flip . ron stallworth you mind take it , Sir ? angle - room flip nod and ron hand he the Polaroid camera . ron walk back and stand in between Davis , the grand wizard and jesse , the grand dragon . ron ( cont 'd ) one ... two ... Three ! right as the camera flashes , ron drape he arm around both Davis and jesse , pull they in real close . the Polaroid click and spit out the photo instantly . Davis be startle for a brief second ... then it all happen in a flash . Davis and ron spring toward flip , each make a mad dash for the photo . ron grab it first . Davis lunge to grab the photo from ron 's hand but ron yank it away . Davis be up in ron' face . devin davis nigger , what the fuck do you just do ? ron stallworth if you lay one finger on I , I will arrest you for assault a Police Officer . that 's worth about five year in prison . try I . see if I be play . the room fall into Dead silence . klansman mouth hang open , watch they leader threaten by a detective nigger . Davis give ron the most vicious look imaginable . ron stare back . it 's a showdown . several Men in the room have they hand at they waist , second away from draw they gun . ron can do only one thing : he smile . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) thanks for the photo , Mr. Davis . Big fan. God bless white america . Davis shake he head in disgust . biker and other surround ron . flip look wary know something be up . he get in ron 's face , threaten . flip Boy you get ya ' ass out now ! ron break off from the roomful of disdain cut through the watch crowd push past body head toward the front door . suddenly , ron 's arm be grab ... felix ( o.s. ) where 's you patrice ? ron turn find Felix hold he arm . felix detective stallworth ! ron jerk he arm away head to the exit . ext . steakhouse / parking lot - day ron rush through the lot hopping in he unmark car . int . ron be car - day ron throw the car into gear . he yell into he Radio . ron stallworth attention all unit . be on the lookout for a White pickup with a " White pride " bumper sticker . license plate : ke-4108 . ron gun it down the street . ron stallworth request backup . freedom house . int . steakhouse - day Walker and Felix sit on both side of flip . flip grin at they , then do a double take at Walker , who stare at he . felix ron , I believe you know my friend . flip stare at Walker play it totally cool . flip no , I do not believe we have ever meet . WALKER it 's be a few year . flip no , sorry , I can not place you . devin davis do you guy go to School together ? WALKER no , I go to a private School in Leavenworth , Kansas . felix be not that where the prison be ? WALKER matter a fact it be . Walker look at flip , who say nothing . felix you know something about that . do not you , flip ? Felix 's eye burn into flip , who do not flinch . suddenly , josh the waiter interrupt . josh there 's a emergency phone call in the lobby for a -- Felix kendrickson . Felix rise . felix do not say another word . I will be right back . flip . Felix walk off . Walker watch he leave turn to flip , who play it cool . a confuse Davis observe it all . ext . phone booth - day - intercut angle - freedom house across the street from the freedom House , a nervous connie be on the phone clearly rattle . connie Jesus ! they have get cop everywhere here ! somebody tip they off . a Police cruiser drive past . connie ( cont 'd ) my God there go another one ! 154a int . steakhouse - lobby - day - intercut Felix talk to she from the lobby of the steakhouse try to keep they conversation private . felix all right , calm down , we plan for this . we will go to plan B. okay ? connie okay ... plan B. felix you can do this . all right . I will be right there . connie all right ... Love you . dial tone . Felix have already hang up . she hang up . int . steak house / lobby - day Felix eye Walker at the table with flip and Davis . Felix wave to Walker . ivanhoe see Felix and rush to join they . WALKER Excuse I mister Davis . Walker reluctantly leave . devin davis what be all that about ? and why do he keep call you flip ? flip we be in prison together . year ago . it 's a inside joke . Davis nod , concerned . devin davis I hope everything 's all right ? flip yeah , but I think he may have violate he parole . Excuse I ... flip stand watch Felix and gang exit the steakhouse . ext . academy boulevard - day ron 's car weave in between traffic drive like crazy . ext . freedom house - day ron zoom up to freedom House screeching to a stop ! the event be over . there be a few people outside converse after the event . ron see hakeem and jump out of the car . ron stallworth where 's patrice ??? hakeem patrice and odetta take mister hopkins to he Hotel . ron jump back in he ride and burn rubber head to patrice 's place ! int . ivanhoe' car - day ivanhoe speed toward patrice 's House with Felix in the passenger seat and Walker hover over they in the rear . omitted ext . patrice's house - day connie drive up . she sit there for a long moment stare at patrice 's House . connie decide . she get out of the car carry she purse . she look like a avon lady come to call . she walk up on patrice 's porch look around . she carefully sets close - her purse down by a pillar on the porch and slowly remove the bomb . she open the mailbox to place the bomb . she nervously flip the toggle switch when she see ... angle - STREET patrice drive up . fluster , connie grab she purse to put the bomb back inside while look at patrice and odetta get out of the car and get Grocery from the trunk . patrice talk to odetta , not notice connie . connie quickly leave the porch stride to she car sweat , crazy nervous . patrice and odetta talk , enter she House . close - connie briskly move toward the rear of patrice 's car . angle - STREET ron whip around the corner see connie through the windshield ! he screech to a stop ! connie try to nonchalantly head back to she vehicle . ron jump out the car yell ! ron stallworth cspd ! stay where you be ! connie look back at ron , increase she pace . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) do not move !!! connie break into a run . ron dash after she grab she as she open the pick up truck door . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) where 's that bomb ? do you place it ! the two fight as she scream , scratch and claw at ron. the fight move from the pick up truck as he throw she down on the grass of a near by lawn , subdue the scream connie . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) where be it !!! ron reach back for he handcuffs ... cspd officer brickhouse freeze ! ron look right and officer brickhouse have he gun point at he . then look leave find officer myer , also White , 30' , have he revolver aim at he . cspd officer brickhouse ( cont 'd ) get off she ! ron slowly rise up off connie , gradually turn to they . with he hand raise you can see ron 's shoulder holster and 38 caliber snub - nose . Officer myer see it ! cspd officer myer he 's get a gun ! ron stallworth I be a cop ! I be a cop !!! connie spring up from the lawn ! plead like crazy to the cop ! connie he attack I ! that nigger attack I , he try to rape I ! arrest he ! myer and brickhouse look at each other , unsure . ron stallworth I be undercover !!! cspd officer brickhouse show I you badge ! ron go to reach in he pocket but the two officer make aggressive move with they gun ! ron catch himself ! he do not want to get shot ! he decide to just tell they . ron stallworth it 's in my pocket . connie you gonna believe this lie nigger or I ? cspd officer myer get on the ground ! ron stallworth I be a cop goddammit ! she 's get a bomb ! she 's a terrorist ! cspd officer myer get on the ground now !!! ron slowly lower down to he knee and the two cop push he face down on the street ! Felix drive up with ivanhoe and Walker in the back seat . angle - STREET Felix have pull up next to patrice 's volkswagen beetle . int . / ext . car - day felix gimme ' a detonator . Walker unzip he bag quickly hand a detonator to Felix . angle - down the STREET ron yell at the cop try to explain ! ron stallworth that woman have a bomb she' try to blow that house up ! angle - patrice's house patrice hearing the commotion step out on the porch with odetta . ivanhoe see patrice on the porch . ivanhoe there she be ! do it ! angle - down the STREET ron stallworth patrice ! Officer myer jab ron in the belly with he nightstick . ron double over . close - patrice patrice ron ??? close - felix felix you be Dead Black bitch . angle - patrice's house patrice look at Felix . close - ron recover from the blow scream to she ! ron stallworth run !!! run !!! run !!! angle - STREET connie finally see Felix in the car . Felix see she , nod . she then see that they be park ... next to patrice be car !!! connie run to Felix , scream ! connie no !!! felix !!! no !!! felix !!! Felix push the button ! the bomb be attach to the inside of the wheel well of patrice 's car . patrice's car explode ! then it blows up felix be car next to it !!! a double explosion !!! the impact blows out window everywhere ! patrice and odetta be knock to the ground . connie be hurl to the street ! Glass and car part fly ! ron and the cop be rocked by the force of the huge blast ! the two car totally destroyed ! engulfed in flame !!! connie on she knee on the street , weep ! ron still handcuffed through the smoke and flame be able to make eye contact with patrice , on the step of she porch . she be shake but all right . siren in the distance head toward they ! angle - STREET flip drive up in a fury and jump out and hold up he badge . flip hey , you fuck idiot !!! we be undercover . officer brickhouse and myer lower they gun . close - ron stallworth ron stallworth you're late . close - flip flip smile . omitted omitted int . dive bar - night the place be full of off duty cop and they girlfriend , a few wive but mainly cop drink and have a good time . ron be in the corner talk with patrice . they be share a drink look very intimate . ron see something . ron stallworth jeezus Christ . patrice what ? ron stallworth you boyfriend . patrice turn and see . patrice oh my God . master patrolman lander near they with a beer in he hand . lander who 's da ' soul sistah , stallworth ? you be hold out on I . patrice stare at he with contempt . patrice you do not remember I do you ? lander stare at she . patrice ( cont 'd ) kwame ture . lander do not know who that be . patrice ( cont 'd ) stokely carmichael . lander oh yeah , yeah , you look good that night but you look even better now . patrice how often do you do that to Black people ? lander do what ? patrice pull we over for nothing . harass we . put you hand all over a woman in the guise of search she . call we everything but a child of God . lander I do not know what you be talk about . ron stallworth it 's like what I tell you . he just like take advantage but in the end he 's all hat and no cattle . lander look around then lean in close to patrice and ron. he speak softly issue a deadly threat . lander let I tell you both something , I have be keep you people in line in this City for year . what I do to you girl that night , I can do to any of you , anytime , anyplace . that 's my prerogative . I can even bust a cap in ya Black ass if I feel like it and nuthin ' will be do about it . get it ? wish the both of you get blow up instead of good White folk . master patrolman lander raise up . ron stallworth ohhh , I get it . ron look at patrice . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) you get it , patrice ? patrice oh , I totally and completely get it . lander look confuse with they response . ron stallworth good . ron turn toward the bar and shout . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) you get it , flip ? behind the bar , flip lean out from the back room wave to ron wear headphone recording the conversation . flip oh , we get it ! we get it all ! ron stand remove he shirt revealing the Wire he be wear . master patrolman lander be in shock . ron stallworth you get it , Chief ? sgt. trapp appear take the beer from lander ' hand turn he around put handcuffs on he . Chief bridge come from the back near lander . the two lock eye . chief bridge oh , I really , really get it . you be under arrest for Police misconduct , sexual misconduct and Police brutality . sgt. trapp and the Chief usher master patrolman lander , who be babbling like a fool out of the bar read he he rights . int . intelligence unit - cspd - day ron , walk taller than usual , step inside the unit . some of he colleague notice and give he a low - Key ovation . at he desk be flip , who be in great spirit . flip there he be ... man of the Minute . ron stallworth ... not a hour ? ron smile , give five all around . they all share a laugh . flip ( cont 'd ) that Polaroid stunt you pull ? when you throw you arm around they , I swear to God I almost shit myself ! ron stallworth told you , ron be bear ready . flip bear ready be ron. sgt. trapp step out of he Office . sgt . trapp there 's the crazy Son of a bitch !!! trapp give ron a bear hug . sgt . trapp ( cont 'd ) you do good . ron stallworth sarge . we do good . ron and flip eye meet , bond . sgt . trapp Chief want to see you guy . flip nudge ron. flip hey ... early promotion ? ron smile . int . office of the chief of police - day ron , flip , and sgt. trapp sit opposite Chief bridge . chief bridge again , I can not commend you enough for what you have achieve . you know there be not a single Cross Burning the entire time you be involved ? ron stallworth I be aware . chief bridge but all good thing must come to a end ... sgt. trapp shake he head , resign . ron stallworth what do that mean ? ron and flip look at each other , stunne . chief bridge budget cut . flip budget cut ? chief bridge inflation ... I wish I have a choice . my hand be tie . besides , it look like there be no longer any tangible threat ... ron stallworth ... sound like we do too good a job . chief bridge not a bad Legacy to leave . bridge take a deliberate pause . then , the sucker punch ... chief bridge ( cont 'd ) and I need you , ron stallworth , to destroy all evidence of this investigation . ron stallworth Excuse I ? flip this be total horseshit . chief bridge we prefer that the Public never know about this investigation . ron and flip be heat . sgt. trapp be silent but gut . ron stallworth if they find out ... chief bridge ... cease all further contact with the ku klux klan . effective immediately . that go for flip too . ron stallworth ... ron stallworth this be some fucked up bullshit . chief bridge take a week off . go on vacation with you girlfriend . we will hold down the Fort until you get back . get you another assignment ... narcotics . ron storm out . int . intelligence unit - cspd - day ron reflect as he feed investigation document in a shredder . the document shred into piece . just then , the undercover phone line ring on ron 's desk . ron stare at the phone , still ringing . he look at the document in he hand , about to feed they into the shredder . ron stop . throw the document in a folder . sweep some folder into he briefcase . leave as the phone still ring . ext . colorado spring police department build - day ron be walk fast now , try to make it out of the Building with the evidence but he remember something . he stop , turn back . int . intelligence division - cspd - day ron sit at he desk , on the undercover phone line . flip , Jimmy and sgt. trapp be behind , both close enough to listen , giggle . ron stallworth I be sorry we do not get to spend more one -on - one time together . int . devin davis office - day intercut ron , flip , and trapp with devin davis : devin davis well , that tragic event . I have just meet that Fine Brothers in the cause . ron stallworth we chapter be just shake to the core . and poor connie not only do she lose she husband but she 's face a healthy prison sentence . devin davis my God . and then there be that one nigger detective who threaten I . ron stallworth goddamn colored sure know how to spoil a celebration . flip and Jimmy snort . ron hold in a belly -laugh . devin davis Christ . you can say that again . ron crack up into he Hand . sgt. trapp be wheeze -- he face Bright pink . flip be laugh hard in the background . ron stallworth can I ask you something ? that nigger detective who give you a hard time ? ever get he name ? devin davis no , I ... ron stallworth ... be - uh you sure you do not know who he be ? be - uh you absolutely sure ? Davis look at he phone . ron take out he SMALL note pad out revealing a list of racial epitaph he have write down be on this investigation . he read from it to Davis on the phone . angle - split screen ron stallworth and devin Davis . ron stallworth ( cont 'd ) cuz ' that niggah coon , gator bait , spade , spook , sambo , spear flippin ' , jungle Bunny , Mississippi wind chime ... detective be ron stallworth you redneck , racist peckerwood small Dick motherfucker !!! click . ron slam dunk the receiver like shaq . close - devin davis devin Davis 's jaw drop . int . intelligence division - cspd - day the whole office explode in laughter . cop be rolling on the office floor . int . ron' apartment - kitchen - night folder of evidence sit on the Kitchen table in a stack in front of ron . he sip he Lipton tea and remove from the file the close - polaroid ron hugge up , between devin Davis and jesse nayyar . he then look at the klan membership Card shifting in he hand , he gaze fixate on the word . close - ron stallworth kkk member in good stand patrice come up from behind . close - patrice she pull out a small handgun from she pocketbook . 2 - shot - patrice and ron patrice ( o.s. ) have you resigned from the kkk ? ron stallworth affirmative . patrice have you hand in you resignation as a undercover detective for the Colorado Springs Police Department ? ron stallworth negative . Truth be tell I have always want to be a cop ... and I be still for the Liberation for my people . patrice my conscience will not let I sleep with the enemy . ron stallworth enemy ? I be a Black man that save you life . patrice you be absolutely right , and I thank you for it . patrice kiss ron on the cheek . good bye . we hear a knock on ron 's door . ron , who be startle , slowly rise . we hear another knock . quick flash - of a a old time klan rally . ron move quietly to pull out he service revolver from the counter drawer . we hear another knock on the door . patrice stand behind he . quick flash - black body hanging from a tree ( strange fruit ) ron slowly move to the door . ron have he service revolver up and aim ready to fire . ron swing open the door . angle - hallway cu - ron' Pov we track down the empty hallway panning out the window . close - ron and patrice look in the distance : the Rolling Hills surround the Neighborhood lead towards Pike 's peak , which sit on the horizon like a King on a throne . we see : something Burning . closer -- we see a cross , its flame dance , send ember into the black , Colorado Sky . omitted ext . uva campus - night we see footage of neo - nazis , alt right , the klan , neo - confederate and white nationalist marching , holding up there tiki torch , chanting . american terrorist you will not replace US !!! jews will not replace US !!! blood and soil !!! CUT to black . fini .