black christmas by Glen Morgan base on the film '' Black Christmas '' directed by Bob Clark and write by Rob Moore October 19 , 2005 numbered draft ext . house - night - ( 1970 ) falling snow drift upon the mansard rooftop of a large , isolate , and decrepit New England colonial . pane window in the gable be crack and break . worn stone step lead to a rotting open porch . a equally rag ' 48 chevy aerosedan sit in the driveway . behind the house lie a void of evergreen and leafless birch . Far down the road , lie a lone neighborhood house . there be only two house on this street . here , Christmas light be strung , but many of the fat bulb be burn out . the building appear like a haunt house on Christmas Eve . the window be dark , except for a pale blue light in the live room .. int . house - night - close - a tree ornament a reflection of a bassinet and a eerie blue light wrap around a silver and gold glass bulb celebrate " baby 's first Christmas - 1970 . " a bassinet billy father , early 20' , light a cigarette while hunch at the foot of a second hand bassinet , hood by wear blanket . a gooseneck office lamp , shine a purplish light , arc over the crib ... extremely close - zippo lighter across the lid of a well wear lighter : khe sanh ' 67 - ' 68 . on the base : pvt . lenz . frank be above a Marine Corp chesty bulldog and a inscription : " not afraid , just lonely . " the father lift he eye , line with dark circle , and reach out to peel back the edge of a blanket , check inside the bassinet . camera push past the father to the bassinet , moving into the open of the blanket to reveal the eye of a newborn . although not demonic or supernatural , the eye be unsettle ; inhuman . yellow with a chronic jaundice , the eye be much too focus and intense for a newborn . billy mother slump in the corner of the couch , back to father and son , as if imagine herself as far from they as possible . a empty bottle of tanqueray sit on the coffee table . she turn toward she husband and child look at they , blank . she stand , drunk , and move toward the evergleam pink aluminum Christmas tree . the mother reach out ... christmas ornament " baby 's first Christmas - 1970 " be pluck off the tree ... the mother eye the father ... close - the mother' hand crushes the ornament ; glass cut she skin ... the father glare at he wife , then , turn he eye down to the floor ... the hearth shard of the break bulb be dot with blood . flame from the fireplace be reflect in the shattered glass ... fade out : fade in : int . live room - night - ( 1975 ) a plate of cookie for Santa enter frame ... wider - over the mother' shoulder billy 's mother sit in the corner of the couch , cigarette in one hand , a screwdriver in a highball glass in the other . the room be light only by the light of the Christmas tree . in the b.g. , the bassinet be long go . billy 's father , appear haggard , help he five year old son , billy , place the plate beneath the pink aluminum Christmas tree . billy 's back be to camera and partially obscure by the tree branch . he wear long sleeve pajamas . reverse - billy mother camera be low moving toward she as she glare at they with disgust . she appear anxious ; jittery . the year have not be good to she , either ... billy mother why you bother put with that cookie ? Santa be not comin ' to see you . through the tree branch the young boy turn he head toward she , revealing the yellow irise , stare at she with icy lifelessness . reverse - billy mother camera continue as she smile cruelly at she own joke ... billy mother ( cont 'd ) Russians shot he sleigh down . Santa ... Claus ... be dead . billy eye his lid subtly flinch as he hold he stare on he mother . billy father glare at he wife as he light a cigarette with the Zippo lighter . he lean down to he son . camera push in close to he lip and billy 's jaundice ear . the father whisper ... billy eye ease and quickly turn away ... stairway camera be behind the boy as he charge up the darken stair . the mother as she bring the cigarette to she lip , she avert she eye . int . billy room - night ( 1975 ) the door swing open . billy move directly toward the closet . int . closet - night ( 1975 ) a flashlight flare into camera revealing the closet act as the boy 's hide " fort . " in the flashlight beam in the corner of the closet be a six inch triangular hole where wood have rotted or be damage by termite . a space exit between the closet wall and the inner exterior wall . the boy 's hand reach into the hole and remove a gift enwrap with cheap Christmas paper . close - a gift tag " to billy . from Santa . " close - billy eye subtly smile as , 0.s. , paper tear ... close - gift a aurora plastic model of the Apollo - soyuz Mission . the date be mark in the artwork . " July 17 , 1975 " close - billy eye well with tear as he look down at the closet floor . close - billy hand chronically jaundice , move past the model box and hold the gift tag from Santa Claus whom he know to be he father . int . billy room - night - ( 1975 ) 6 camera be low to the floor as it move toward the closet door , slightly ajar . outside , a winter wind howl as camera reach the closet the argument be break by a toppling of a night stand . Glass shatter . a adult male moan ; another . then , abruptly ... silence . in the darkness of the closet , billy 's yellow eye appear , look out as if listen with he sense of sight . int . upstair hallway - night - ( 1975 ) 7 camera remains low to the ground creeping down the hallway as billy , thin and spidery , crawl cautiously toward he parent ' bedroom door . once there , he lower he head and place he face flush against the wear carpet to look beneath the door . int . parent ' bedroom - night - base of the bedroom door 8 one of billy 's yellow eye peer into the room ... reverse - billy Pov his mother 's bare foot stand on the carpet beside a blood stain claw hammer and a large green hefty lawn trash bag . his father 's body lie dead on the floor . 10 11 another pair of male shoe , that of he mother 's lover , enter frame . the bag be pick up the bag . as it snap OPEN ... base of the bedroom door billy 's eye vanish as he run off ... int . billy room - night - ( 1975 ) 9 the closet door be close . the room , silent . int . closet - night 10 total darkness for a beat ... then a faint light appear from the hole in the floor of the closet . frightened , billy , he back against the far wall , look to the hole . then ... deep within the house ... more clearly audible from the hole in the closet ... a rustle ... plastic crackle and drag ... strain breaths . camera push to the hole as billy lean closer , listen . after a beat , camera arc until the hole fill frame . billy 's hand reach out and pull at the wood , create a larger hole . as he tear at the wood ... CUT to : int . beneath billy house - night - ( 1975 ) 11 under the house , a flashlight shine revealing billy 's mother and she lover , a fat hairy sweaty man digging a hole in the ground . int . beneath billy house - night - ( 1975 ) the flashlight beam roll onto the bloody face of billy 's father , in the plastic bag which have tear from be drag . his skull have be crush by a blunt object across the eye . his Vietnam Zippo lighter have slip out of he shirt pocket . low angle - billy mother blood soak hair cling to she face as she pull up dirt . camera push past she toward the base of the far wall ... exhales of human breath jet from the interior of the wall and into the area beneath the house . climb down within the wall ... billy 's dark figure reach the surface . 12 13 14 15 billy mother hear the SOUND , she spin the flashlight beam toward ... billy eye - in the flashlight beam her son 's eye ; watch she . witness . billy mother camera push in as she start toward he ... billy flashlight beam whipping over he , move back into the wall ... int . beneath billy house - night the mother pause ... then race off ... int . interior of the wall - night 12 camera look down the wall as the boy begin to scale upwards ; awkward and strain , yet motivate by fear ... int . live room - night 13 billy 's mother and lover , cover with wet mud and blood , hustle into the live room . within the wall ... movement . int . attic - billy house - night 14 a board be pounded , then crack allow the dark form of the boy to appear over the lip of the floor and into the attic ... ext . upstair hallway - night - close - attic door 15 a combination lock snap , imprison billy inside the attic . high angle - billy mother and her lover primordial , breathe hard ; eye , lock on the attic door . fade out : CUT to : 16 17 18 int . attic - billy house - night - billy - ( 1982 ) 16 camera move along the attic floor . half of the area be uncover and beam , fill with aging loose - fill rock wool . the floor construct of wood lathe and plaster . box and furniture have be store precariously across the beam . a path of wood plank lead to a ten foot area of solid floor . billy form enter frame , older now ; malnourish . camera push in as he sit in a rock chair at the attic window . older , now , twelve , or so ... and , although , seemingly lifeless , billy be , in fact , a tick bomb . o.s. , mute but discernible grotesque female grunt and sigh be heard through the attic door ... int . stairway - night 17 the area be dark and shadowy except for the spill of the fireplace light in the live room below . billy 's mother be straddle over she heavy sweaty drunken lover who lie on the first landing of the stairway . she be grind , but he be frustratingly unresponsive . not dead , just pass out . after a moment , she stop ; breathe hard . she shake she lover but he response be ... unresponsive . she look at he hatefully . 0.s. , in the attic ... billy 's rocking chair creak . camera push in on he mother as she eye turn upward ... attic door initially , this appear to be the mother be Pov , as the door be partially visible in the dark shadow . camera , however , inches back just before billy 's mother , bottomless , back to camera , enter frame and hold below the door . she look up . as she move toward the ladder lead to the attic ... fade out : in the darkness ... a baby cry ... CUT to : int . bedroom - day - a bassinet - ( 1983 ) 18 a newborn pink baby , agnes , lie swaddle in a white wicker bassinet , sleep beneath a soft amber night light . 19 20 21 22 low angle - billy mother & step father the couple peer over the crib into camera ... billy mother she 's my family , now . o.s... above ... footstep . billy 's mother pause . with a hard expression , she eye turn up toward the ceiling . as the cheap overhead chandelier begin to sway ... fade out : in the darkness , tchaikovsky 's " Arabian dance " rise ... CUT to : int . attic - billy house - night - ( 1991 ) - billy 19 eye fill the frame , slashed with noir shadow , only of color , from a string of spare Christmas light lining the attic wall . camera pull back , low to the floor , revealing the spike tip leg of a cheap tripod . camera rise , revealing a use tasco telescope atop the unstable tripod ; all in , twenty - five buck . a bow be stick on the top along with a envelope . int . upstair hallway - night - ( 1991 ) 20 billy 's step - father and mother climb down the attic ladder . she close the door and secure the combination lock ... int . attic - billy house - night - ( 1991 ) - a envelope21 tear open . a rite - Aid calibre Christmas card display Santa check a open scroll with graphic read , " be good for goodness sake ! " sign ; " mommy & you step dad . " the window the telescope enter frame and look out over the 22 neighborhood . only a few house with large yard decorate for Christmas populate the area . reverse - end of the telescope a house reflect over billy 's magnify eye ... 22 pt 23 ext . neighborhood home - dusk - telescope matte 22 pt a family gather for Christmas appear like a norman rockwell painting . americana . warm . fill with happiness and love . a teenage girl open a present and react , overwhelm . she move to she mother and father and give they a hug . telescope camera push down the barrel to billy close eye . once it fill frame , the lid open expose the yellow iris ... int . live room - night - ( 1991 ) 23 lies pass out on the couch , two empty bottle of wine on the floor ; a bong on the table . behind he , a console radio play , the source of " the nutcracker " ... agnes eight year old , tear Christmas wrapping off a box revealing a knock off cabbage patch doll . billy mother barefoot , in a wear nightgown , react with animated joy , however , as if she have receive a gift she 's always want . as she daughter do not match the enthusiasm , however , the mother 's expression turn hard . o.s ... upstair ... movement . agnes look up , curious ... agnes be that Santa 's reindeer ? her mother take a drink from she highball glass while gather wrapping paper and stuff it in a hefty bag . billy mother there 's ... nothing ... up there . she reach back and grab the pack of cigarettes , put one in she mouth , then feel blindly behind she . she look back , but cannot find a lighter for she cigarette . drunk , the mother lean into agnes with a baby tone ... billy mother ( cont 'd ) want a Christmas cookie ? you be my cookie and I could eat you up . 24 25 10 . as the mother stand and move off toward the kitchen , camera creep in on agnes . o.s. , a ornament tinkles . agnes turn toward the tree ... agnes ' Pov - christmas tree camera be moving toward a branch rhythmically tremble which cause the ornament to knock together . camera continue ... into the tree ... to find ... behind the tree ... a pair of yellow eye , look at agnes . int . kitchen - night - ( 1991 ) 24 the counter be litter with Christmas cookie baking material and supplies ; baking utensil , flour and sprinkle . she toss some cookie onto a plate for agnes , then move to the stove , ignites a gas burner and light she cigarette . the phone , a yellow wall mount princess phone ... ring . the mother react , curious as to who could be call . she pick up the phone and before she can answer ... a chill voice emit from the tiny speaker ... caller ( v.o. ) she 's my family , now . the mother drop the phone . camera lead her out of the kitchen as she race toward the live room ... int . live room - night ( 1991 ) 25 billy 's mother approach , pause in the threshold of the kitchen door . camera push in as she take a anxious step ... billy mother agnes ? billy mother be Pov - the floor agnes be go , as be the plastic hefty bag . the wrapping paper , remove and leave on the floor . billy mother look to she husband ... billy mother be Pov - the couch billy 's step -father awaken from he stone sleep ... 26 27 11 . lower angle - billy mother anxiously step into the room and react to a sharp pain under she foot . she look down ... close - billy mother' foot the rip out eye of the knock off cabbage patch doll be stick to the underneath of she foot ... billy mother - lower angle camera now sweep into her . then , with the timbre hear in the disturbing phone call ... billy mother ( cont 'd ) Bill -lly ! int . upstair hallway - night - ( 1991 ) 26 camera be low to the ground , moving rapidly along the hallway as billy 's mother and step - father outrace camera and enter frame . camera continue as they run to the attic ladder ... mother what have you do ?! as she climb , the step - father pause . puzzle by ... step father be Pov - the combination lock remains lock from the outside . the mother 's finger , agitate , frighten , and drunk , fumble with the lock ... step-father ( 0.s. ) what you mother and I must know ... int . attic - billy house - night - ( 1991 ) - trap door 27 bang open ! step -father be where do you put the baby ? billy 's mother rise into the attic .... billy mother be Pov - the attic vacant . billy be nowhere in sight . billy mother and step father be stunne . then , 0.s. , downstairs , agnes scream ! 28 29 30 12 . int . upstair hallway - night - ( 1991 ) 28 camera be wide as the parent run toward the stair ... int . stairwell - night - extremely low angle - the 29 parent bound down the stair , camera rise to billy 's mother ... billy mother billy !? what have you do ?! int . live room - night 30 the far wall billy 's shadow clutches agnes 's struggle , choke silhouette ; shifting and distorting with the blink of the Christmas tree light . extremely close - a 10 frame CUT - billy eye turn toward he mother , expose they yellow tint ... close - a 10 frame CUT - billy left hand hold a briloette ornament , blood drip tip face out ... close - a 10 frame CUT - billy mouth open . a eyeball , iris bright blue , be place inside ... billy mother scream ! billy step -father charge billy ... billy backlit against the Christmas light , reach out for agnes ... a 10 frame CUT - agnes camera sweep toward her struggle for life , the black plastic hefty bag over she head ... one hole in the bag over she right eye indicate billy have remove one eye , so far ... 31 13. christmas tree the step -father enter frame , reach for agnes . billy hand thrust the tear shape ornament outward . reverse - step -father the back of he skull erupt . dangle at the end of the impale ornament , with the consistency of a egg yolk , the step father 's eye ; push through the skull . he fall ... the christmas tree topples ! crash ! cover agnes and billy 's step - father ... billy mother a string of Christmas tree light quickly wrap around she neck . her hand whip to she throat , clutching the cord ... int . kitchen - night - ( 1991 ) 31 billy drag he struggle mother into the kitchen ... close - counter billy grab a roll pin , coat with flour ... a plate of christmas cookies camera inches on a plate of freshly baked cookie while , in the dark background , billy raise the roll pin above he head . the cookie shake from the unseen impact . camera continue as the cookie tremble with each thud ... on the counter billy 's hand find a angel shape cookie cutter ... billy mother the back of she lifeless head lie on the floor . the angel shape cutter enter frame . as it press to she face ... close - oven a silhouette against the glow red coil inside the oven , billy enter frame with a cookie sheet , drip blood ... 32 33 14 . as the oven open ... the hollow radio play the beautiful flow harp string of " the nutcracker 's " " intrada ... " CUT to : int . live room - night - ( 1991 ) 32 silence . after a beat , the front door open . police officer , bludworth and colquitt enter , weapon draw , alarmed , yet cautious . colquitt move directly toward the fall Christmas tree , attend to agnes . bludworth continue to the kitchen . bludworth freeze , expression mortify . camera pull back revealing billy sit at the table in the dark ; drink a glass of milk and eat ... he Christmas cookie , appear like shape of char jerky with frosting and sprinkle . as billy calmly finish he snack , camera crane down until the corpse of he mother enter the f.g ... CUT to : over black ... a title card rise ... CENTER frame ... '' black christmas " then ... a stand up bass with harmonica accent begin a bounce ball tempo , introduce Mitch Miller and he orchestra 's rendition of " I saw mommy kiss Santa Claus . " as the male chorus begin sing , the title card fade ... chorus ( v.o. ) I see mommy kissing Santa Claus ... slow fade up : ext . front yard - sorority house - night 33 close - a pair of eye —- composed far left of frame a pair of plastic female eye on a internally illuminate nativity figure , presumably Mary , appear afraid ; tremble in the freezing wind of a Winter storm ... chorus ( v.o. ) ... underneath the mistletoe last night ... 15 . wider - a manger icy rain streak past a magus stand in the snow amongst animal gaze upon a haloed baby in a straw crib beneath his mother and a illuminate angel extend above the tableau . chorus ( cont 'd , v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she do not see I creep down the stair to have a peep ... close - a string of outdoor christmas light line the rain gutter of a sorority house . Green , red , and white bulb shudder and tink in the storm . chorus ( cont 'd , v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she think that I be tuck up in my bedroom fast asleep ... counter to the storm 's threat , girl can be hear , 0o.s. , inside , have a party ; warm , invite , plenty of laughter and clinking glass ... ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night the nativity and the light decorate the front yard of the New England colonial that be once home to the lenz family . across the lower left of frame , a title card indicate ... fifteen year later the exterior of the house , include the gable window and mansard roof , have be significantly restore in the last twenty - five year , reflect the money and privilege of the present day occupant . tonight , pool of color glow in the snow and reflect off the ice from decorative Christmas light . the interior pulse with a warm amber glow from a fireplace while long thick icicle hang like crystalline fang from the lip of the roof . chorus ( cont 'd , v.o. ) then , I see mommy tickle Santa Claus / underneath he beard so snowy white ... a ' 66 pontiac parisienne tuna boat be park in the driveway , just before the garage door . above , gray smoke float out the chimney , to be whipped by a angry wind . 33 pt 16 . closer - beside the front door Greek letter identify the phi kappa sigma sorority . the front window 33 pt Inside , a silver and gold victorian Christmas tree glitter . discernible behind the tree , a few sorority sister be drink , gossipe , and celebrate the holiday . now ... camera move ... not a hand -held wide angle subjective " killer 's p.o.v. , " but , rather , on track along the front facade . the movement texture remain voyeuristic ... camera eerily , unexpectedly , begin rising ... toward the second story ... revealing window of individual bedroom . chorus ( cont 'd , v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what a laugh it would have be / if daddy have only see / mommy kissing Santa Claus last night ! camera track parallel to the room , revealing a window in which hang a small holly wreath with white micro light . megan helm , 23 , can be see pace angrily while on she cell phone . although furious with whomever be on the receive end , megan be clearly try to keep she voice down . she pull the phone away and flip it off before hang up . camera move past her window just as megan sit at she desk before a open laptop and look sicken , at the monitor . the next room be dark , yet not vacant . attractive and urban , lauren hannon , 21 , lean out over the sill of she open window smoking a cigarette . camera continue as she shudder at the mount storm and exhales , somewhat sad , before drop the butt into a beer bottle . camera continue to the next room in which clair crosby , 20 , appear excited , yet anxious while pace with a sheet of high quality gift wrapping paper , cellophane tape , ribbon and scissors . as she sit , Clair disappear from view ... camera begins rising ... toward the third story , while also pushing in on a gable window frame with Christmas light on the top level of the house . behind the weathered mutin stand a illuminate plastic Santa Claus . the window be ajar ; softly knocking against the sill ... 34 35 36 17 . from the dim spill of the decorative light , it be apparent the large area behind the window be not a live space , but , rather , the attic which be once billy lenz 's room . int . attic - sorority house - night 34 cardboard carton and furniture be stack and dusty . behind this , appear to rise from the floor and within the wall , stream of strain breath be visible in the cold . the breathe stop ... beat ... then ... with a startling screech a old rock chair be place at the window and release . the vacant chair gently rock ... int . attic - sorority house - night - the killer be p.o.v . wide angle and hand held , arrhythmic human breath jet from behind camera as it creep toward a close square door in the floor , partially frame by faint light seeping from below . int . upstair hallway - night - attic trap door 35 camera move through a corridor of dark wood wall and hardwood floor light with a string of Christmas light . the sconce be turn off . camera push past Clair 's room and toward a corner of the ceiling at the shadowy end of the hall , revealing a attic trap door . the door lift . creak ... int . clair be room - night - close - a wine cork 36 be plucked from a bottle ... extremely close - a SMALL gift BOX wrap with tasteful paper and great care sit on the floor amongst scrap of paper and ribbon . the wine cork drop into frame follow by the corkscrew . at this image size , the corkscrew appear like a threaten auger bit . thick . sharp . clair crosby unaware of the presence outside she door , Clair appear mix with dread apprehension and excited anticipation as she open a blank Christmas card and gather she thought . the first be , she thought could use some wine . she pour the pinot into a glass . outside , the storm be a constant presence . 18 . on the bed a couple travel bag be pack , but open . camera inches toward she cell phone ; red power indicator light blink ... in the OPEN closet hang two dry clean outfit , wrap in clear plastic , appear like body bag in the closet shadow ... on the floor behind Clair ; plastic shopping bag and a store wrap gift . close - store wrapped gift the tag read " to : lauren fr : secret Santa . " closer - another gift enwrap with different paper ; special . the tag read ... " to : my big sister , leigh . fr : her baby sister , Clair . " close - the wine bottle be set down beside she , alongside a pair of open scissors . ominous ; a potential tool of murder ... close - on the floor - a fountain pen the nub , sharp . ink ; blood red . it be pick up ... close - clair consider ... close - blank christmas card she write ... " leigh ... " clair sigh , then take a long sip of wine ... the fountain pen be return to the floor ... close - clair the dry clean plastic rustle . she turn , startles ... 19 . clair be Pov - the dry cleaning plastic bag flutter ... the form appear like corpse in a morgue ... clair compose , smile at she startle , then look to ... clair be Pov - base of the floor Air wisp through the heating vent ... clair take another sip of wine before she expression convey she have catch hold of some word for which she have be search to express complex emotion . she quickly set down the wine glass and reach back for the pen ... close - the floor Clair reach for the pen , but it be no longer there ... close - clair puzzle , turn a quarter and look to the floor ... clair be Pov - the floor the pen be go . a shadow approach ... clair as she turn to see which of she sorority sister have enter ... a clear plastic bag whip over she head . close - clair' mouth like a vacuum , the plastic clasp to she face ; mouth wide with horror and pain as she take she last gasp ... close - the fountain pen be thrust through the bag and into she eye . the bed as color shadow struggle over the bed ... camera push in to reveal Clair 's cell phone be go ... overlapping ... ms. mac ( 0.s. ) bill -y! bill - y ! CUT to : 37 20 . int . live room - night - under the tree 37 Christmas gift wrap in holiday paper be rummaged by a pair of female hand ... ms. mac ( 0.s. ) I do not see billy 's present under the tree , here . wider the phi kappa sigma house mother , mrs . machenry , late fifty to early sixty , be on she knee wear a Santa Claus hat beneath the Christmas tree . ms. mac ( cont 'd ) can not start the secret Santa without billy 's present . Ms. Mac look to the gather sorority sister ... reverse - phi kappa sigma sister several hang out on sofa , in chair , and on the floor . each with a glass of wine , beer , or a shooter . the sister be not as into this tradition as the house mother . the interior decor be tasteful and reflect the upper economic class of its member . comfortable and invite , the room be warm by a amber glow from a fire in the hearth . the house feel safe and christmassy . camera begins creeping ... arcing ... while the girl laugh , buzze from the alcohol and holiday respite from college . ms. mac ( cont 'd ) who draw billy 's name ? heather lee , 20 , a Charleston , South Carolina blonde , not a hair out of place and a touch self righteous , appear uncomfortable with Ms. Mac 's search for billie 's present ... melissa kitt , 20 , asian , sit with she foot propped on the coffee table . melissa um ... dude ... it 's a secret Santa . dana mathis , 20 , a daddy 's girl ice princess , keep she eye focus on painting she nail a tasteful Christmas red ... dana who care about he ? can we just get on with this ? ( more ) 21 . dana ( cont 'd ) I have get the red eye to JFK so I can get home and party for a few day before have to deal with family on Christmas . melissa Red eye ? dude , you be not goin ' anywhere . look outside . it 's raining hail the size of yao ming 's testicles . dana really ? melissa I know you never watch any news , so , just look outside ... dana sit up on the couch and stretch to look out while kelli presely , the youngest member of the sorority who be treat like everyone 's little sister , pull aside the curtain for dana to look outside . dana can not see . melissa then , just listen . they listen to the intense rhythmic thumping on the roof . Melissa gesture as if , " well ? " dana it will stop . the party god will not allow I to be here on Christmas break by myself . Melissa laugh and shake she head as she look to kelli ... kelli I will be here , dana . they be make I work next week . dana oh yeah , right . hmmm ... let 's see ... get home and go to ivanka trump 's Christmas party ... or ... hang here with you and you townie boyfriend , Kyle , and watch " monster garage Christmas . " hmmm ... melissa you have to work ? dude , that suck . everyone should be home for Christmas . kelli yeah , well , kind of expensive to go home . just see my mom and dad at Thanksgiving . and , you know , I never have any sister or brother to share Christmas with , so ... ( to dana ) I will be you family , now ... 22 . a touch tone house phone enter frame ... it ring ; amplified to create a startle ... dana want I to treat you like I do my sister ? ( beat ) get the phone . kelli move to the phone and answer ... kelli phi kappa ... camera creep in as she react , absently tilting she head as if this will help she understand the caller ... kelli ( cont 'd ) what ..? who ? ( beat ) oh , hey , darin ... you keep breakin ' up ... Storm 's bad where you be , huh ? sorry , she 's go home for Christmas break . try she cell ... merry Christmas . as kelli hang up , a mute , ringtone play " jingle bell . " melissa lift she behind and remove a cell phone from she back pocket ... melissa hello ... hey ! dana that be so gay . Melissa throw dana a " like I care what you think " shrug . she believe the ringtone be cheesy cool . so do kelli who remove she phone ... kelli I have the same phone , but mine play " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " she hit a button and the ring tone begin the tinkling introduction of " the dance of the sugar plum Fairy " as she head back toward the stair ... dana I be so sad for you . kelli do not you phone do anything ? dana hold up she blackberry ... dana validate I . Ms. Mac move away from the tree , flustered . 23. ms . mac who 's not here ? kelli like ... everybody . ms . mac chelsea ? kelli go home , this morning . Melissa hang up she call ... ms . mac greer ? melissa that be she on the phone . she and Erin and Taylor be on that ski trip with with all the a.d.g. guy next door . ms . mac do not I see Clair , earlier ? kelli be not she upstairs write a card to she sister ? melissa no , I think that , maybe , Clair 's sister might have already pick she up . remember , this be that ... '' occasion for Clair and she sister and she mom to bury the hatchet and rediscover each other . " dana I would like to bury the hatchet with my sister ... right in she head . CUT to : int . attic - sorority house - night 38 camera look out the attic window . suddenly ! Clair 's dead body rock into and fill frame . the clear plastic shopping bag cling to she freeze bloody horrify expression ; skull - like as she eye socket be empty . as the chair slowly rock ... creak ... creak ... creak ... CUT to : 24 . 39 int . live room - night 39 Ms. Mac sigh , consider , before she call out to kelli ... ms. mac kelli , can you run upstairs and bring down whoever 's up there ? as kelli hustle off toward the stair ... CUT to : 40 int . upstair hallway - night 40 camera be moving past the blink Christmas light in the dark vacant hallway . lauren exit and step into the dim hallway as kelli bound up the stair ... kelli we be open present . can you see if Clair 's in she room ? lauren turn back down the hall toward Clair 's room as kelli knock on megan 's door . the response be terse .. what ? megan ( 0.s. ) at kelli appear concerned by megan 's tone ... kelli megan ... it 's kelli . 41 int . megan be room - night 4l megan tense with dread , mouth " fuck ! " megan what ? kelli we be gonna open present , downstairs . once again , megan tense ... 42 int . upstair hallway - night 42 kelli listen by the door ... megan ( 0.s. ) start without I . kelli but , you be go to come down , right ? 43 25 . megan ( 0.s. ) I do not know , kelli ! if I do , I do . just start without I . kelli look up , down the hall toward lauren . lauren react incredulous and impatient with megan 's behavior ... lauren I realize you be a only child , so let I explain ... Christmas be just darwin . the weak get eat . lauren pound on Clair 's door . then , like a Marine Corp d.i. lauren ( cont 'd ) we be open present , now ! if you be not down there , you gift will be mine . lauren walk away from Clair 's door without await a response . she toss to kelli ... at megan' door kelli sigh with derision at lauren 's method as she pass enroute to the stairway . kelli tap politely on megan 's door . kelli megan ... you okay ? megan ( 0.s. ) yes ... no ... just ... fuck christmas ! fuck it ! kelli be take aback . concerned , she consider knock again , however , turn and move off toward the stair ... CUT to : int . live room - night 43 Ms. Mac continue rummage through the present while Heather remain anxious and somewhat guilty ... heather Ms. Mac , why do not you open the present we get you ? ms . mac billy always get he present first . Fifteen year phi kappa sigma tradition . 26 . in the b.g. , lauren move down the stair into the live room , follow by kelli ... lauren he 's gonna be pih-iss , then come back here and eat we . Ms. Mac react to the residue smell of cigarettes leave in lauren 's wake . ms . mac not as piss as I be gonna be if you have be smoking in you room . lauren shake she head with feign innocence as she swipe someone 's full glass of red wine and as she take a sip ... lauren must have be billy 's ghost . melissa do not think he 's dead . be he ? heather watch , then sigh , confessional ... heather okay , look ... I draw " that name . " live room beneath the tree , Ms. Mac look to Heather . lauren pause mid sip of wine . dana eye Melissa , flash a catty grimace , and mouth " oop . " Heather , sit upright , inch up on the edge of the sofa ; posture defensive ... heather ( cont 'd ) can I just say ... I be sorry , but , I be very not okay with any of this . I mean , buy a Christmas present for a serial killer ? melissa serial killer murder repeatedly for sexual thrill . billy lenz be a spree killer . dude just fuckin ' lose it ! heather what -ever . I be just offended by a... pagan sacrifice ... to ward off evil spirit on Christmas . Ms. Mac move toward the fireplace and pick up a foot and a half long , two pronge barbecue fork . as she stick a marshmallow on the end and place it over the fire ... 27 . ms . mac come on , Heather , it 's just a bit of fun ... lauren cut she off ... lauren Christmas be more about ward off evil spirit than Halloween . wider - live room at the top of the staircase , look through the rail of the dark wood banister . camera be inching forward , as if the p.o.v. of a unidentified person ... watch . dana let it go , Heather . just be happy you have to buy a present for a serial killer instead of lauren . closer - live room Heather be rattle and not as good at rancorous debate as lauren , who know it ... lauren what Christmas shit in this room reflect anything Christian ? huh ? the girl pause , then look about the room as lauren randomly point at various Christmas decoration ... lauren ( cont 'd ) it 's all neo-pagan magik . Christmas tree 's a magical rite ensure the return of the crop . mistletoe be a conception charm ... melissa then , get it away from I . kelli smile . lauren 's momentum pick up ... lauren fifth century Christians jack a Roman winter festival . twelve day in December when the night be long and the earth be roam by the demon of chaos . melissa I see they , yesterday , at Wal -mart . 28 . lauren and fuckin' Santa Claus ? this voyeur that watch you all year and determine if you have behave to he standard of decency before break into you house in the middle of the night ? and that 's different from what billy do , how ? Ms. Mac smile as she pull a toast marshmallow off the fork and into she mouth as she return to the tree ... ms . mac he do not break in . billy live here . the house phone large in the f.g. , ring ! loud ! startle . kelli know she will be call upon and move toward the phone ... the receiver camera rise with the receiver as kelli lift it to she ear ... kelli phi kappa . camera creep toward her ... kelli ( cont 'd ) hello ? she listen , then smirk , bemuse ... kelli ( cont 'd ) need to work on it , Kyle . then quickly , kelli grow alarmed . she pull away from the phone and turn to the other girl ... kelli ( cont 'd ) I think someone 's in trouble ... she quickly press the " hold " button , set the receiver in the cradle and hit the " speaker " button . camera tilt down to the phone which fill the frame ... the SOUND emit through the speaker be like the low wail of a wounded animal , yet with a edge of unsettle perversity . although not discernibly obscene , it be quite sexually chill . live room the SOUND freeze the girl with collective anxiety . they be absently draw together ; listen ... 29 . lauren yeah , he 's in trouble . dude 's whackin ' off with egg nog lube . Melissa giggle and begin add to the joke , until ... the phone erupt with a nightmarish cacophony of voice ; woman , man , a cry baby . insane and demonic ; intertwined with one another . groans , distant shriek , cackle ; it sound as if a dore etching of Hell could speak . meanwhile , Bing crosby 's rendition of " I will be Home for Christmas " play low on the live room C.D. meant to be comforting , it subliminally add to the tension ... camera slowly circle the stunne phi kappa sister ' face listen to the awful sound emit from the phone . then , cut through the static of eerie voice ... yet remain distant ... a voice ... neither male or female , yet a absolutely crone- like cackle ... caller ( v.o. ) Bill -ly ! what have you do ?! the girl be rattle . a male voice beg ... caller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what you mother and I must know , billy ... be what do you do with the baby ? a coarse , gravelly male voice , intense , insanely lascivious , and yet , mischievous , like a pre-pubescent boy , jump through the speaker ... caller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) where be agnes ? caller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) .-- she 's we family , now . a eerie , pathetic and sad child ask ... lauren hey , should not you get goin ' ? do not you have lot of toy to deliver tonight to good little boy and girl ? while Melissa laugh , dana and Ms. Mac gesture for lauren to hang up . lauren gesture , as if , " do not worry . " the voice lower a octave with insane intensity and , most chill , extremely matter of fact ... 30 . caller ( v.o. ) I be go to kill you . Heather quickly disconnect . the room turn deathly silent . the girl look to one another , rattle ... heather call the police . lauren puh-lease . Police be not gonna do shit about one whack job phone call . melissa campus security be down to , like , one guy ' till after Christmas . lauren campus security ? that 's probably who just call . kelli that could not have be one person . melissa what be the caller i.d .? be it on campus ? kelli sorry , do not even look . my brain be on Kyle ... dana dial * 69 . melissa that just call he back . unless there 's something you need he to clarify ... at the top of the stair a figure step into the f.g. , remain at the top of the darken stairwell ... watch the other . Melissa tap some button on the phone , Heather return to the gather group of girl , remain angry at lauren ... heather you should not provoke someone like that . melissa react , puzzle , while look at the phone . melissa ( cont 'd ) call log say Clair 's cell . 31 . wider the information go unregister as everyone be focus on the rise confrontation . lauren glare at Heather ... lauren what would you know about deal with anyone other than a nascar dad ? Heather 's eye flare with anger . she step aggressively toward lauren . kelli place a restrain hand on Heather ... heather I be go home . disgust , Heather start toward the stair ... lauren yeah , yeah , run to daddy . dana be that a problem ? Heather stop , then turn , pointedly , at lauren ... heather least my family want I to come home . from lauren 's reaction , Heather have go straight for the heart and score a bull 's - eye . the other girl know it ... kelli guy , c'mon ... it 's , like , Christmas time . desperate to break the increase tension , Ms. Mac return to the idea of Christmas cheer ... ms . mac yeah . Heather , what about you present ? heather give it to billy . the figure step directly in front of Heather , who stop cold . lower angle - eve in sorority term , eve guaraldi , 23 , be a " mistake . " a quiet girl whom event in she life could have cause she either to blossom into a social butterfly or a sullen creepy misfit . the latter be the case . the lense of she glass be thick , suggest a past injury rather than merely vision dysfunction . Eve 's physical feature could pass for a adult agnes. 32 . wearing a coat and duffel bag over she shoulder , Eve appear ready to leave . she extend a present , wrap in newspaper , to Heather . eve merry Christmas , Heather . as Eve look up and smile ... camera inches in ... unnerve . eve ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas , everyone . ( beat ) you be all , like ... my family , now . kelli & heather Heather look to kelli , acknowledge the similarity of Eve 's statement with the last comment make during the phone call . Heather force a smile and take the present without look at Eve . heather that 's ... so sweet , Eve . close - gift the newspaper tear away revealing a piece of bric - a - brac ; a glass unicorn . the horn be six inch long and sharp . the girl do not quite know what to make of Eve 's tacky gift ... eve I know you like the Bible and ' stuff . the other exchange " she be so weird " glance . Ms. Mac seize upon the gift exchange goodwill , albeit a creepy one , to get thing back to a lighter mood ... ms . mac that 's the Christmas spirit ! come on , let 's keep it roll . heather and eve Heather continue up the stair while Eve start down , averting she eye , as if sad and troubled as Heather pass ... live room Eve continue through the live room while Ms. Mac hand out present from under the tree ... 44 45 33. ms. mac ( cont 'd ) Melissa ... here , dana . be megan come down ? let I find yours , Eve ... near the door - eve camera follows eve toward the front door . she pause near the tree . camera inches in on eve as she turn back one quarter , ambiguous as to if she 's interested in she present or check if anyone be watch she ... CUT to : int . megan be room - night - the holly wreath 44 megan sit at she desk , ball up ; foot on the chair , arm hugging she knee . her eye be red from cry as she stare at she open laptop screen which be away from camera ; the specifics on the monitor can not be see . int . live room - night - ms. mac and the girl 45 the girl tear off the wrapping and react with proper warm smile and appreciation ... ms . mac I do not see one for lauren . dana just give she a tequila shot , wish she " happy holiday , " and she 's good to go . lauren smile , agree ... ms . mac Eve , be lauren 's present under the tree ? Ms. Mac turn to check Eve , then react , puzzle ... mrs. mac' Pov - by the christmas tree the area in which Eve pause at the tree , be vacant ... ms. mac ( cont 'd , o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what , do she leave , already ? she just kind of snuck out . return - mrs . mac & the girl the girl look around . not spot Eve on a perfunctory glance , they shrug . melissa do Eve have someplace to be ? 46 47 34 . dana the Island of misfit toy . ms . mac her mother be a legacy . dana and ? her mother 's dead . she would never know if we throw she out . Father 's ... wherever . no boyfriend . no family . like , where do she have to go ? CUT to : ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night 46 camera be in motion ... along the front of the house through the freezing rain drive by howling wind . the movement reflect the p.o.v. of a hurried , intense , individual . CUT to : int . live room - night 47 Melissa take pity on lauren who sit with a glass of wine and no Christmas present ... melissa hey , I understand this be a " secret Santa " thing , but , I know Clair draw you name . lauren she get I anything good ? melissa a music box . lauren wince ... melissa ( cont 'd ) kelli , can you go see if it 's in she room ? kelli start toward the stair ... lauren hey , mel ... um ... this music box deal ? be there , like , a cigarette inside it , or anything ? melissa Plays " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " 48 49 49 pt 35 . lauren oh , hell no ! but kelli start up the stair . lauren sigh , drunken ... lauren ( cont 'd ) I be startin ' to see sugar plum fairy , I do not need to hear the little fucker , too . CUT to : ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night 48 camera move along the base of the house , then tilt up along a lattice , cover with bare Winter vine , run the height of the house seemingly to megan 's second level window with the small holly wreath and white micro light , yet , also , the plastic Santa stand entry just above in the attic window . a glove hand reach out and take hold of the lattice . camera rise , as the unseen figure begin to climb ... CUT to : int . megan be room - night 49 camera be low , near the floor and obliquely angle ; 49 pt voyeuristic . the texture within the frame be grainy and coarse . a bed be in the b.g. , the lighting be low . visible in frame , a poster of " Alex de large , " malcolm mcdowell in " clockwork Orange , " false eyelash accentuate he maniacal eye , be set directly over the bed with clear push pin . megan enter frame and sit on the bed ... camera begins pulling back revealing camera have actually be watch megan 's laptop monitor . a quicktime file play beside a fileshare website entitle : eyejack . the name of the file be ... " CLEMENT university bitch in sorority room . " camera pan off the monitor just as a male figure enter frame . megan 's voice emit from the speaker but it be unintelligible . but , the male 's response be clear ... male figure ( v.o. ) how 's she ever gonna find out , ' less one of we tell she ? camera pan across the dark room finding megan at she desk , cry , ashamed and angry . 49 pt 50 51 52 53 36 . monitor 49 pt the boy turn over onto he back revealing kyle autry , mid twenty . as he begin unbuttone he jeans ... megan shut she eye , intense with regret . o.s. , a subtle thump ; location , indiscernible . on reflex , megan stop the media player . she hold , listen ; afraid of be bust . ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night - lattice 50 as the climber 's foot step on the lattice , the wood break . int . megan be room - night 51 megan react to the 0.s. SOUND , stretch toward she window to look out at the source ... until footstep approach and she stop , turn look toward she door ... megan be Pov - base of the door Red and green light spill from the hall beneath the close doorway . the color turn to shadow as foot pass ... megan hold , listen . o.s. , a mute knock . knock . knock . kelli ( 0.s . ) Clair ? int . upstair hallway - night 52 kelli knock at a door two room down from megan 's ... kelli Clair ? she listen , then , as she cautiously turn the doorknob ... CUT to : ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night - lattice 53 the glove hand reach into frame and grab the wood ... CUT to : 54 55 56 57 58 37 . int . clair be room - night 54 kelli 's darken figure stand in the threshold . kelli Clair ? it 's kelli . you in here ? int . megan be room - night 55 megan listen to kelli 's mute voice . 0.s. , another thump . o.s... the mute tinkle of a music box play " dance of the sugar plum fairy " begin . megan hold , listen to locate its origin . then , as suddenly as it begin ... the music stop . int . upstair hallway - night 56 Clair 's door open . kelli exit , she figure dark in the hallway . she turn and start toward the stair ... int . megan be room - night - base of the door 57 kelli 's foot create shadow as they pass ... megan wait for kelli to move off , then return to the window ... the music start , again . puzzle , megan listen . she move away from the window and toward the center of the room . the ghostly SOUND seem to emanate from within the wall . the music begin travel , up the wall and to the ceiling . overhead angle camera look directly down on megan follow the music . as she reach she door and turn the knob ... ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night 58 have steady and compose , the climb figure begin ascend toward megan 's window ... 59 60 61 62 38 . int . upstair hallway - night 59 as megan open she door , the music turn silent . she hold in the doorway , listen . nothing . silence . then , down the hall ... " the dance of the sugar plum Fairy " begin , again . camera push into megan as she turn toward ... megan' Pov - ceiling the music be behind the attic trap door ... megan move toward the dark end of the hallway ... CUT to : int . heather be room - night 60 a duffel bag sit on Heather 's bed as she pack . behind she , the local news play from a internet feed on she laptop ... weatherman ( v.o . ) Ice accumulation be expect to be three to four inch in most area . again ... in most area . int . live room - night 61 kelli return to the live room . she shrug as she sit ... kelli could not find it . lauren damn ! if I do not hear " the sugar plum fairy , " I will just die ! overlapping ... the afore-mention music begin ... CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night - overhead 62 megan step into frame look up ... megan be Pov - trap door lit only by Christmas light at the opposite end of the hall . 63 64 65 39 . megan not afraid , but quite curious . the crystalline music continue . megan reach out and grasp a rung on the wood ladder . she begin climb ... int . attic - sorority house - night 63 the open window tap from the wind . spill light from the illuminate plastic Santa in the window bring a dim red cast to the usually pitch black room . the trap door open . megan rise into the attic , she breath exhaust can be see in the cold . the music BOX sound clean ; definitely in this room . megan' Pov - in the spill light a tiny ballerina twirl within a open box , reflect glass and rhinestone . downstair , o.s. , a raucous laugh erupt ... CUT to : int . live room - night 64 dana wiggle a Jeff stryker silicon dildo . she eye lauren ... dana hmm . wonder who draw my name ? as lauren smirk and raise she glass in a toast ... CUT to : int . attic - sorority house - night - the music BOX 65 " dance of the sugar plum Fairy " warble ; slowing ... megan' eye turn from the figurine and into the red light tinted room ... megan alright ... who 's fuck with I ? o.s. , creak ... creak ... creak . camera push in on her ... megan be Pov - the rocking chair a dark figure , silhouett against the illuminate Santa Claus , rock in the creak chair ... 66 40 . megan remain with only she head and shoulder through the attic trapdoor , she absently lean closer for a better look ... megan ( cont 'd ) Clair ..? what be you do ? from the darkness , a hefty trash bag whip over megan 's head . the frame turn black , as if have CUT to black , however , megan' horrified breaths remain amplify and intensely present . then , a sicken thrust rip a hole in the bag ... a tear erupt in the upper corner of frame , expose the back of the illuminate plastic Santa . another thrust ! rip ! a second tear slashes across frame ... thrashing , camera , through the two puncture hole , catch flash of the killer 's leg ... macabre sparkles of tinsel ... the pose dead body of Clair place in the rock chair ... the silhouett killer reach out as if hold megan still . the other arm cock backward with a claw hammer and sling toward the bag ... the illuminated santa claus in the window be spackle with blood . CUT to : int . heather be room - night - heather 66 pause , as if reacting to the subtle thump of the close attic door , however , she be actually consider the news ... weatherman ( v.o . ) wireless service report several microwave relay station be off - line . now , a relay station send call out of the area , so , that be why , you cell may work on local call , but not long distance ... as she sigh , laughter erupt from the live room ... 67 41 . int . live room - night 67 Ms. Mac sheepishly display Victoria 's secret lingerie against she body . the drunken girl applaud and laugh while Ms. Mac playfully look inside the gift box ... ms . mac do it come with a man to wear it for ? more laugh , until kelli , concerned Ms. Mac may think the joke present be actually the Christmas gift , move to the tree and search for another wrap box . kelli here 's we real present . she grab a professionally decorate present and as she hand it to Ms. Mac ... the house phone ring . everyone tense . Melissa move cautiously toward the phone and check the caller i.d ... melissa' Pov - caller i.d. megan helm . return Melissa smile nervously and breathes a sigh of relief ... melissa it 's just megan . as she hit the speaker phone button ... melissa ( cont 'd ) where be you ? her question be cut off by a horrific scream above a torment cackle .... caller ( v.o. ) billl -ly !! everyone freeze . shock . horrify . caller ( cont 'd , v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what have you do ?! within the call , a heartbroken wail . suddenly a older male , voice coarse from cigarettes and whiskey , intensely whisper . caller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what I must know be ... where do you put the baby ? 68 69 70 42 . kelli look to the other and mouth a sincere " fu-hck ! " from the phone , a harsh , commanding tone ... caller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) where do you put agnes , billy ? then , present during the first call , but much more pronounce ... a eerie man-child voice ... caller ( cont 'd ) they be my family , now . upon reflex , Melissa cut off the call . the crackle of the FIRE be the only SOUND . kelli break the silence as she start toward the stair ... kelli what be up megan 's butt , anyway ? Melissa and tap a speed dial button . melissa that be not megan . she sigh upon receive a recording ... campus security ( v.o. ) you have reach the main menu of clement University campus security . during the Christmas break , we office will be close from six p.m . December 21st until nine a.m. December 26 ... int . upstair hallway - night - low angle - heather 68 exit she room , close the door , and start down the dark hallway . camera hold on the attic door as she pass frame ... int . stairway - night 69 kelli hustle up the stair ... kelli megan ? int . upstair hallway - night 70 Heather continue toward the stairway as kelli pass ... kelli megan in she room ? heather I do not know . I be pack . 71 72 43. kelli open megan 's door and be startle by a dark figure . kelli and Heather scream ! int . live room - night 71 the scream can be heard downstairs . the girl and Ms. Mac immediately race toward the stair . lauren stand , but drunkenly swoon , before move toward the stair . int . upstair hallway - night 72 stepping nervously out of the shadow and into the dim hallway light , wear the climber 's glove , be the boy in the video with megan kyle autry , mid twenty . although lack the polish of a frat brother , Kyle be no dope . he 's bad boy handsome ; blue collar smart . in the b.g. , megan 's window be close . kelli react , puzzle , while Heather catch she breath ... kelli Kyle ? what be you do in there ? he appear rattle , eye Heather , then lean in and to whisper rapidly to kelli ... kyle I want to spend the night with you and I know that mama son and you " sister " would kick I out , so I be tryin ' to sneak into you room , but , the window be not open . I see megan 's be and it be dark , so I figure she be go and I climb up to get to you room . kelli smile , touch and believe . her sorority sister appear at the top of the stair and take in the situation ... heather be megan in there ? kyle I do not know . as kelli move toward the doorknob , Kyle subtly block she . ms . mac you climb up into in she room and you do not know if she 's in it ? kyle it 's dark . 73 74 44 , lauren you think we be fuckin ' stupid ? you be in megan 's room . the call just come from from megan 's cell . unaware of the recent phone call , Kyle assume this be a accusation of infidelity and tense , act innocent ... kyle what call ? the girl remain suspicious . with Kyle distract , kelli reach out , turn the knob , and move past Kyle . he tense , but realize restrain she would look bad ... int . megan be room - night 73 megan 's laptop sit on she desk in the f.g. , turn toward camera and away from the door . a pause image of megan and Kyle have sex be freeze on the website . kelli turn on a light . megan be nowhere to be see . kelli move toward the open closet and peek inside . fill with clothes , but no megan ... int . upstair hallway - night 74 Kyle keep a cautious eye on kelli inside the room while lauren keep a suspicious eye on Kyle ... melissa can I just say , I be sorry , but that call be not megan or Kyle . that be the fuck devil . and they be not talk to we . they be talk to billy . a beat of tension , no one deny this ... kyle billy ? billy lenz , the guy that live in this house ? Melissa nod . kyle ( cont 'd ) well , then , you be definitely gettin ' punk , ' cause he 's dead . dana creep-y . creep-y. creep-y ! 75 75 pt 76 45 . int . megan be room - night - megan' desk 75 kelli start toward megan 's desk . just as she reach the desk , the screensaver kick in . the monitor turn black while a winge eyeball fly around the screen . kelli search the desk for megan 's cell , but it be not in sight . she close the open window , while look outside ... ext . sorority house - night - kelly Pov 75 pt hail and sleet rain violently upon the house , shroud the Christmas light and icicle , which have double in size . accumulate ice cause a branch to split from the trunk of a oak tree . it hang precariously over the street ... int . megan be room - night - kelli as she twist the window lock ... int . upstair hallway - night 76 lauren 's eye burn a hole in Kyle . her tone , accusatory ... lauren where do you hear that he 's dead ? kyle where have you be that you do not ? lauren oh , yeah , you be right . billy lenz be my life . Kyle eye she with resentment and dislike ... kyle you spoiled bitch come here for a couple of year , then leave , I grow up here . I stay here . I play on this street before they turn them into frat house . this be the house that scared the shit out of we ... ( point to lauren ) my whole life . ms . mac what happen to he ? how would he die ? as camera inches into kyle ... as he tell the follow as if around a campfire on Christmas Eve ... 77 78 79 46 . kyle you mean , after he wash down he Christmas cookie with a glass of milk ? CUT to : ext . institutional facility - night - ( 1999 ) 77 camera move along a decrepit institution .... kyle ( 0.s. ) billy be declare insane . send he away to the Clark sanitarium . dissolve to : int . institutional hallway - night - ( 1999 ) 78 camera match the speed of the previous move ... then turn into a doorway to find a figure sit in a rock chair in the dark , presumably billy ... kyle ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) paramedics save he sister , agnes , but she lose she right eye . all scar up , she parent dead , brother a fuck psycho , she be send to a orphanage . like , what hope do she ever have that a foster family would take she ? camera pan ... revealing , however , agnes in a rock chair . sixteen year old , but appear forty . behind thick black rimmed glass , she prosthetic eye be cheap and colorless and , therefore , eerie as it stare straight ahead while the natural bright blue eye look at a object in she lap ... kyle ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they kick she out when she turn eighteen ... no one 's see she since ... camera tilt to agnes ' lap , find she lovingly stroking the hair of the eye-less knock off cabbage patch doll . dissolve to : ext . insane asylum - night - ( 2005 ) 79 camera move along a hellish prison - like institution ; high wall encase by rusty razor wire , while snow fall outside . camera continue until find a room , set apart from the other , outline by a string of color Christmas light . 80 81 82 47 . Inside , a figure , billy 's silhouette , stand in the window . kyle ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) last Christmas Eve , billy use clean fluid and a string of Christmas light , decorate he cell ... to set himself on fire . suddenly , the light turn off . Inside , the room erupt with violent orange flame . the figure vanish within the fire ... kyle ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the fire be so hot , the attendant could not open the cell . all that be find of billy , be ash . ext . asylum cemetery - night ( 2005 ) 80 camera track across several unmark gravestone until stopping on one . kyle ( cont 'd , 0.s. ) and , now , that 's he home . where he will be spend the rest of he christmase . alone , in a unmark grave in the asylum cemetery . snow fall gently on billy 's lonely tombstone . after a beat ... a form enter and hold over the grave . CUT to : ext . sorority house - night - ( present ) 81 hail and sleet rain violently upon the nativity figure now encase with ice which cause they image to appear out of focus . the gust wind blow a figure over ... int . upstair hallway - night 82 the girl be unnerve by the story . Kyle eye they , aware of the effect . outside , the STORM be strong . melissa they ever find out from he why ... he kill he family ? Kyle eye they ... kyle it seem to he ... that 's how he family show they love . 83 84 85 48. ext . sorority house - night - ( present ) - a tree branch 83 break and collapse ... sounding exactly like a gunshot ! int . upstair hallway - night 84 the cracking SOUND overlap . the girl flinch , increasingly anxious ; grow afraid ... kyle just a tree branch . dana remove a cell phone from she pocket and speed dial ... dana well , I have something in common with billy ... I will not be home for Christmas , either . the line beep beep beeps , like a busy signal ... dana ( cont 'd ) shit. daddy be go to be so worried . as she dial , again , downstairs , the front door close . the girl look at one another as if , " who 's that ? " Ms. Mac move to the top of the stair , follow by dana int . live room - night - mrs . mac be Pov - moving 85 the hallway wall act as a wipe as camera approach the top of the stair ... revealing ... in the live room ... a mysterious figure ; back to camera , wear a long dark coat , glove , and cover head , look toward the Christmas tree . int . top of the stair - night the girl tense at the sight of a stranger in the house . with a cautious tone , Ms. Mac call down the stair ... ms . mac can we help you ? int . live room - night - close - the figure camera push in on the back of the figure 's head as it turn toward camera and remove the hood revealing a beautiful brunette woman in she early thirty ; noir-dark and with a edge of mystery . she be leigh crosby and do not appear very enthuse about be here . her voice be sensual and husky ... 86 87 49 . leigh she be suppose to call . lower angle - top of the stair the girl eye one another , uncertain . suspicious . return - leigh camera stop as leigh be in close -up ... leigh ( cont 'd ) I be Claire 's sister . ( beat ) where be she ? the girl and ms. mac they alarm heighten , as Clair be now officially " miss . " int . megan be room - night 86 Kyle step halfway into the room , appear impatient with kelli as she continue search megan 's room ... kyle what be you doin ' ? I almost kill myself try to be with you . let 's go . kelli I be kinda worried about megan . kyle who know what she deal be ? can we just go to my apartment ? kelli well , she be kinda weird , before ; she be , like , a bitch to I , and that 's never happen . then , we have be get this weird call , one from she phone and , now , she window 's open , she car be still here , but she 's just go in the middle of this weather ? kelli continue search . Kyle tense as he step further into megan 's room .. int . live room - night 87 leigh eye the room with a expression of one return to a location purposefully block from memory . Melissa , Heather , and dana remain guard . 88 50 . leigh never think I would be back here . ms . mac you be a legacy ? what year ? leigh I do not know . ' 93 ? ' 94 ? I start college , late . quit it , early . Ms. machenry react , suspicious ... ms . mac really ? 93 's the year I start as house mother , here . I do not remember ... leigh I mean , this be suppose to be such a big fuck weekend for she and I blow off a trip to vale with this cardiologist and I drive all the way over here in this shitty weather ? now , where the fuck be she ? the sister look at one another , unable to answer . int . megan be room - night 88 kelli be at megan 's closet while Kyle , cloaking he anxiety , can not help but pace . kyle what , exactly , be you look for ? kelli like , some note or something that say she 's okay . all she stuff be still there . her car be out there . camera follows kelli as she move toward the desk and sit in front of the laptop . the winge eyeball continue fly across the dark screen ... kyle call she cell . camera continue over kelli 's shoulder as she consider , then remove she own cell phone from she back pocket . camera continue teasingly toward the laptop ... yet ... once at the computer , camera unexpectedly continue moving ... veer toward the wall which rake across frame ... kelli ( 0.s. ) Voice mail ... 89 51 . camera continue , then skew , tilting to the ceiling . camera cross the ceiling , pass beneath the poster of malcolm mcdowell in " clockwork Orange " directly over megan 's bed . camera push to a clear push -pin tack in the poster 's upper leave corner . as the pin fill frame ... kelli ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , meg , it 's kell . just wonder what happen to you and if you be okay and stuff . call I . I be on my cell . bye . then , from a motionless state ... subtly ... slightly ... the tack begin to move ; wiggle , as if be work from the other side of the ceiling . then ... quietly ... it fall . int . live room - night 89 put upon , leigh hold out a wallet toward Ms. Mac who check the driver 's license ... ms . mac Clair 's last name be crosby . this say colvin . leigh divorce will be final in March . no one respond . leigh sigh ... leigh ( cont 'd ) what else you need ? can not tell you any secret about my sister ' cause I do not really know she . do not know much else about this place ' cause I fuck hate it . leigh gesture beneath the tree . leigh ( cont 'd ) I see billy still get he Christmas present . everyone look at Heather who recoil , then shake she head . Ms. Mac appear puzzle as leigh reach down and pick up a box wrap in plain newspaper ... ms . mac that be not there , before . leigh this be new . it 's not for billy . it 's for phi kappa ... from billy . 90 91 52 . leigh tear the paper to find a Apollo - soyuz model box . as she open it , camera push in to reveal its content ... a knock off cabbage patch doll ; eye rip out . CUT to : int . megan be room - night - computer monitor 90 the taunting eyeball screen saver flap across the monitor ... wider although she and Kyle be alone , kelli lower she voice ... kelli what if there 's something on she computer , a e-mail , or something , that say where she be ? Kyle take a anxious , unconscious step toward she ... kyle you know , I do not feel comfortable ... um ... whatever ... invade ... someone 's privacy , like that . try the police again . as she lift she cell phone ... 0.s... a subtle thump ; outside the house ... or ... possibly ... within the wall . kelli freeze and look to Kyle ... kelli what be that ? o.s. , the wind and hail intensify , overwhelming the ability to discern or locate any subtle sound ... int . live room - night - close - doll 91 eye-less , macabre , and threaten , lie encase in newspaper . ms. mac ( 0.s. ) how would it get under the tree ? wider the girl keep they distance from the doll . each , too anxious to sit . except lauren , whose eye be red and unfocus from drink . she point to leigh ... lauren she must of put it there . she " find " it . 53 . leigh you be give I shit when none of you can tell I where my sister be ? ( beat ) where 's she room ? the girl eye one another until Melissa sigh and gesture for leigh to follow ... melissa upstair ... as leigh follow Melissa toward the stair , Heather pick up the newspaper that enwrap Eve 's gift to she ... heather lookit , same paper as the present she give I . Ms. Mac look at both papers and immediately tense as she look at the age paper which wrap the gift from billy . ms . mac this newspaper be date December 25 ... 1983 . she pass the paper off to Melissa who examine it ... heather Eve life in billy 's room . dana they keep he in the attic . heather before that . remember ? she want to move in there . maybe she 's obsessed with he . Melissa sigh , skeptical . dana Eve be by the tree before she leave . she could have put it there . ms. mac no , it be not there , even a half hour ago . I be positive . Heather start toward the stair ... heather I be go to see if there 's any of that old newspaper , or anything , in she room . Heather start up the stair ... 92 93 54 . dana the whole thing only freak we out if we know the billy story . and none of we really care . Eve could not have know Kyle be go to tell we all about billy . lauren but ... Kyle do . Heather hold on the stairway as everyone consider ... CUT to : int . megan be room - night 92 kelli listen in the center of the room ... while Kyle 's anxiety over be catch intensify . o.s. , another thump . they both pause . she eye he ... kyle you know what it be ? the attic window be open . kelli what ? think she 's up there ? int . clair be room - night - the floor 93 the light from the hallway stretch across the room upon the wrapping paper and half empty glass of wine as the door open ... wider - melissa & leigh leigh 's eye take in the decor and Clair 's personal effect as if look at the room of a stranger ... leigh there a boyfriend , something , she could have go to ? Melissa shrug , then shake she head , " no . " melissa Clair stick to herself . it 's like she to leave and not tell anyone . but , she will be back . leigh pick up the gift , look at it anxiously ; sadly ... insert - gift " to : my big sister , leigh . fr : her baby sister , Clair . " 94 55 . melissa & leigh leigh 's eye remain on the gift ... leigh you know she better than I do . ( beat ) I be she half -sister . twelve year older . Clair be in second grade when I move in here . this room . ( beat ) weird how , at this age , twelve year seem like nothing . ' N fact , she seem older . she be the one who want to bridge that time ... finally get to know each other . ( softly ) while we could ... leigh be unsettle by she choice of word ... leigh ( cont 'd ) while we can . ( beat ) she must have have second thought and bail . leigh begin unwrap the paper until Melissa stop she ... melissa no ... wait ' till she get back . leigh force a cautious smile and place the gift in she pocket ... int . live room - night 94 dana , Heather , lauren and Ms. Mac weigh they suspicion about Kyle ... lauren Kyle be in megan 's room . that last call come from megan 's cell . what more do you want ? ms . mac Kyle ... do ... tell that story like we be at a campfire . dana and he grow up in town . heather what 's that get to do with it ? 95 95 pt 96 97 56 . dana he 's not one of we . Heather start up the stair , again ... heather either be Eve . suddenly , lauren vomit on the coffee table . as the girl leap back ... int . megan be room - night 95 while , the live room break into commotion , kelli , near the desk , have the window open and be try to look out and up toward the attic . the weather impede she view ... kelli can not tell . kyle I be tellin ' you , it 's the window . let 's go to the attic and I will close it . Heather pass megan 's open doorway enroute to Eve 's room . then ... suddenly ... the power decrease fifty percent ; like a brown out . Kyle instinctively look to the light ... kelli pull away from the window and turn toward the room . the corner of she eye catch ... computer monitor 95 pt the surge cause the computer to switch to battery power , the screen saver vanish revealing a freeze website image of Kyle on megan 's bed have sex . kelli as camera sweep in on she reaction of shock and anger ... all the electrical power in the house go out ... int . live room - night 96 dana and Ms. Mac help lauren up the dark stair . Orange fireplace light create long , waver , macabre shadow . int . upstair hallway - night 97 Heather hold in the hallway just outside Eve 's room . she reach into she pocket , remove she cell , and open it . 98 99 57 . the light from the display act as a make- shift flashlight . the door what be once billy 's bedroom door be light with the cold bluish circle of light from Heather 's cell . the door open . int . megan be room - night - kelli 98 Kyle appear guilty and , somewhat , relieved ... kyle I be sorry . I be really sorry , kelli . you be really different than this other girl ... kelli I do not ... what ? do megan do this to you ? kelli 's innocent confusion only make Kyle feel worse ... kyle no . no , she just find out about this be on the fileshare site , tonight . kelli consider , she realization be crush ... kyle ( cont 'd ) look , that be before you come here . I do not put it on the net . a guy at work get piss off at I and steal my tape ... kelli my ... tape ?! how many be there ? you fucking liar ! I can not believe this person be you . I can not ... compute ... how you , Kyle , could do such a thing . I never ... ever ... see this be in you . I see you so differently ... he avert he eye , guiltily ... kyle no one be what other people think they be .. CUT to : int . eve' room - night 99 Heather move around Eve 's dark room by the light of she cell phone display . she open some drawer in the bureau and subtly rifle through some underwear and t-shirt . 100 101 58. kelli ( 0.s. ) get out ! get out ! she move toward Eve 's desk , search the surface , then open a drawer . as she rifle through the spiral notebook and loose papers ... CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night 100 Melissa and leigh exit Clair 's room , reacting to kelli 's scream while Ms. Mac and dana hustle lauren toward the bathroom until block by kelli and Kyle storming into the hallway . kelli am I go to show up on there ? be not sex enough ? you need a little visual trophy to get you thrill ? facing total humiliation before the outnumber girl , Kyle turn indignant and defensive . he step toward she , aggressively and violently ; temple and eye flaring , frightening the other ... kyle shut the fuck up ! i'm sorry ! i'm fucked up . I get it ! kelli begin cry . Ms. Mac move to she while Melissa hold onto lauren , who retch , but hold in from puke ... melissa I get she , Ms. Mac ... as Melissa move lauren past leigh , dana kelli and Kyle as Ms. Mac hold kelli ... CUT to : int . eve' room - night - closet 101 with a startle , the closet door slide open . the content inside be dishevel ... heather shine she cell phone light on the mess and react with a disgust wince at the mess . she crouch and begin rifling through the content ... 59 . heather' Pov - base of the closet as she push aside some wear shoe and box , a irregular hole be revealed in the closet wall . it be as if the hole have once be repair , yet , someone have find its vulnerable area and once again pull out the wood . it be , perhaps , half a foot wide and so deep as to see the rotted wood of the support beam on the outer wall . the corner of a box , hide within the wall protrude out of the hole ... heather reaches toward the hole ... hole in the closet by the light of she cell phone , Heather 's hand reach into the hole . she pull on the shoebox . it do not remove easily . she pull again . again . finally , the box slide from the hide place . just at the moment , the box be remove and Heather 's dim blue light pan away from the hole to the box ... the light catch a teasing hint of movement within the wall . as if a figure be rise up to watch she ... heather open the box and remove computer print out and photocopy newspaper report . she hold she cell to the sheet of paper ... insert - paper eerie in the cold cell phone light , a collection of report regard billy 's massacre twenty - five year ago . heather sicken , dig deeper into the box , remove some papers , she slightly scream ... extremely close - inside the BOX the detach eye of a doll look up at she ... heather as camera push in to she reaction of shock , she cellphone beeps , a warning that she battery be about to die . as the cell light go out and Heather be cast into darkness ... CUT to : 102 103 104 60 . int . upstair hallway - night 102 Kyle take a step toward the stair to leave , then pause and eye kelli ... kyle I be sorry , kelli . I like you so much . I do not blame you for hat my gut but ... I be not deal or knock over 7 - 1las . I do not hurt anybody . dana I will email you a quicktime of she cry herself to sleep . kyle fuck all you bitch . ms . mac leave , Kyle . Kyle start down the hall toward the stair . he can not move as fast as he would like because of the darkness ... the house mother hold kelli , comforting she , as do kelli 's sorority sister . CUT to : int . bathroom - night 103 the room be dark . the door open , add a bit of light . Melissa guide lauren to she knee over the toilet basin . lauren hold in that position as Melissa move to the counter , feel for some match , and begin lighting candle . lauren camera be behind her , on the floor as she vomit . a amber glow fill the room . lauren 's vomit be intense . her toe curl against the floor of old black and white octagon tile . as she toe inadvertently flip one loose ... CUT to : int . megan be room - night 104 while Ms. Mac and dana comfort kelli in the b.g. leigh look out the window , puzzle . o.s. , downstair Kyle march across the live room and slam the door . 104pt1 104pt2 105 61 . ext . front yard - night - high angle - leigh Pov 104pt1 Kyle storm out of the house and into the storm , charge across the front yard . return - leigh dana move to the desk and look at the laptop . she close the lid , disgust with Kyle . dana how fuck up be that ? leigh gesture out the window ... leigh how fuck up be it that the only other house on this street have power ... and this one do not ? reverse - out the window 104 pt2 outside , the streetlight be on . the frat house down the road , although for the most part , dark and vacant , indeed display function exterior Christmas light . dana and leigh as they look to one another ... CUT to : int . bathroom - night 105 even in the candle light , lauren be pale and clammy as she sit back on she haunch and catch she breath . lauren mel ... you be a better sister to I than my sister ... aware lauren 's sentiment derive from intoxication , Melissa smile ... melissa Dick fuck Cheney 's a better sister to you than you sister . lauren you know what I be sayin ' ... melissa I feel the same way ' bout you , lauren , but ... you reek , dude . you need a shower . can you handle it ? 62 . lauren nod . Melissa help lauren pull off she vomit stain shirt and toss it aside , then lift lauren to she foot . as they unfasten lauren 's jeans , lauren wobble , then grimace . have step on something , lauren look to the floor ... the floor lauren lift she foot . she have step on the loose tile . melissa squat and pick up the tile ; test several other . she study the bad condition of the floor , sigh , and stand ... close - the counter the tile clack as Melissa toss it on the counter ... lauren & melissa lauren remove she bra , then begin pull down she jeans ... melissa ( cont 'd ) I will go put a trash can next to you bed . lauren' feet she lift a foot and pull off she jeans , then the other foot . lauren kick off she pants and step out of frame toward the shower ... revealing ... beneath the floor ... in the octagonal hole from the displace tile ... a yellow eye . the eye ' Pov - lauren encircle by a dark frame , lauren be partially obscure as she head under the cold stream .. the eye recede into the darkness beneath the floor ... the floor - wide camera be just outside the shower stall , a few degree above the floor . after several beat ... a tile ... closer to camera and the shower ... begin rise ... slowly ... tap tap tap , until the tile pop out of the floor ... the eye ' Pov - lauren unobstruct and unaware , stand nearly over camera ... 106 107 63. the eye as they watch she ... int . basement - night 106 a circle of flashlight shine into camera as leigh and dana move down old stair into the basement ... dana megan and Clair be upstairs together . I wonder if megan , like , ' fess up to Clair and break down and be hide in one of the room , so she do not have to face kelli . or whatever . leigh I will check the room after we get the light on . my first think be Kyle turn ‘em off but , he be in the house when they go out . dana Eve be not . leigh find the fuse box , open the metal door and reset a circuit breaker ... leigh & dana be underlit by the flashlight . the power do not return ... dana ( cont 'd ) Main breaker 's under the house . leigh look to dana , uncertain . dana react , defensive . dana ( cont 'd ) you know , I be not the totally hopeless daddy 's girl princess this bitch make I out to be . CUT to : int . bathroom - night - a towel 107 be grab ... lauren as she dry off , the bathroom door open and Melissa return . melissa you okay ? 108 109 64 . melissa' foot stop before the hole . the eye retreat into the darkness . camera , however , dive toward and enter the hole ... at floor level , the heavily mute voice of leigh and dana can be heard ... dana ( 0.s. ) I will go out . I know where it be . then we can , at least , turn the alarm on . leigh ( 0.s. ) I will go with you . int . beneath the bathroom floor - day 108 camera continue through the hole and into a area under the floor ... until ... holding on a dim , nearly indiscernible human outline , alarmingly skeletal ; hair , long and filthy with partial dreadlock . dana ( 0.s. ) what for ? it will take two second . why should we both freeze we ass off ? go check the room . the height between floor and ceiling be , perhaps , twelve inch . there be no room for the figure to maneuver from its back to its stomach . like a macabre crab , the human form crawl on its back , clearly adept at this unnerve quick arachnidan movement . int . in the wall - night 109 camera be in the wall of the house looking down 25 - 30 foot as the form appear , limb outstretch like a spider descend the wall between the support stud and rotted insulation toward the area beneath the house ... int . beneath the house - night 110 plumb pipe , rock , sheet of screen , and discard rusted tool create a surreal and nightmarish underground . at the base of the wall ... bare foot appear , crawl down from within the wall . with no room to turn over , the figure traverse on its back across the dirt base toward the lattice along the porch area ... CUT to : 112 113 114 65 . int . lauren be room - night - high angle - billy Pov 111 Melissa guide lauren , dress in t-shirt and thong underwear , into she bed . Melissa pull up the cover ... melissa dude ... there 's a trash can , just right here , ' kay ? lauren moan she understanding , then turn and curl into a fetal position . melissa ( cont 'd ) merry fuck Christmas . CUT to : ext . porch - phi kappa house - night - a butane lighter 112 ignites , but be whipped violently by the wind ... dana sharp icicle cling to the porch overhang . the rain and snow continue fall . as she raise the lighter to the tip of she cigarette , beneath she ... movement . scuttle . extremely close - porch ceiling a drop of water fall ... dana it hit she cigarette with a bull 's - eye , extinguish it ... dana of course . she sigh then look down , drop the extinguish butt into a knot hole ... int . beneath the porch - night 113 the form shift , evade the cigarette butt ... ext . front porch - night 114 hear the shift , dana aim the flashlight into the hole ... 114 pt 66 . dana' Pov - through the knot hole 114 pt a flash ... a glint ... of a eye ... move out of view . dana consider , turn she flashlight on , then proceed to the porch step ... CUT to : int . downstair hallway - night 115 matching movement with dana 's flashlight , a beam cut across frame as leigh turn exit a room and turn into the hallway . she continue to the next door and knock ... leigh Clair ? megan ? she open the door and shine the light . as she close it and move on . as she light cross frame , again ... CUT to : ext . front porch - night - front porch step 116 dana move down the step . slip on the ice and freeze snow , she proceed toward the side of the porch , kneel to the lattice , and aim she flashlight under the house ... int . beneath the porch - night 117 the area be illuminate by the tube of light ; nothing but debris ; rusted tool , discard can , and rotting box . ext . front porch - night - on the side of the porch 118 about to abandon the search ... dana hold . camera inches in on she ... squinting ... int . beneath the porch - night - dana' Pov 119 to the side , under the house , rather than the porch ... breath exhaust ... huff ... with a strain rhythm from a unseen person just behind a wall . 120 121 122 123 124 125 67 . ext . front porch - night - side of the porch - dana 120 move off toward the rear side of the house ... CUT to : int . stairway - night 121 leigh move up the stair and into the dark hallway . she move to a door , knock , and open it . int . bedroom - night 122 she be meet by a form . leigh startles , but the flashlight reveal a large plastic Santa Claus head . eerie in the low angle flashlight . int . upstair hallway - night 123 as leigh close the door and move on ... leigh fuck you , Santa Claus . CUT to : ext . side of the house - night 124 dana quickly scoot along the side of the house , pause before a trap door , lead under the house ... she test the door , which pull out . she crouch ; ease she head inside ... dana Eve , you crazy bitch , I see you breath . whack ! a 1 " diameter lead pipe strike across the bridge of dana 's nose . blood squirt . she crumble . CUT to : int . live room - night 125 covering any sound below the house , Heather march down the stair into the live room . kelli be on the couch , cry , seat beside a increasingly anxious Ms. Mac . leigh poke at the log with a improvise tool , milk all the light and heat out of the fire . 126 127 128 68. kelli take a drink from any available alcohol on the table as Heather move to the headless imitation cabbage patch doll wrap in newspaper . she pick it up , then display Eve 's photocopy news storey about billy . heather found this . ( beat ) and this . in the wall of the closet . the girl react with alarm as Heather open she palm and display a pair of doll 's eye ... ext . side of the house - night - overhead 126 dana 's limp body extend from the trap door ; she head , just inside . her body drag ; stop . drag ; stop . it finally disappear beneath the house . int . live room - night 127 a faint , mute , o.s. , groan cause the girl to pause , listen . they eye one another . Melissa sigh ... melissa there go lauren , again . int . beneath the house - night - dana 128 face soak with blood , she eye flutter ; a animal function on lizard brain defense . she push she arm forward with all she strength attempt to escape ; pull she body forward with the strength in she arm , as if swim in a dirt lake . the figure holding a rusted 1 / 2 " thick wire support rod , the dark form lay across dana 's leg . close - dana' hand desperately pull along the dirt . camera move back , revealing a rusted , pronge , hand cultivator . dana inch toward it . the figure grip the rod , but , before it can swing it toward dana , she manage to grab the cultivator . she blindly swing she hand backward ... 129 69 . under the house the tool plunge above the killer 's knee . it react , muffle a groan of pain . it pull the prong from its leg ... dana pull she hand back and continue try to get away ... close - dana' hand dig at the dirt , expose several tooth of a mummify , decompose skull previously bury in a shallow grave . the figure scuttles ahead of dana and drive the cultivator into dana 's skull . a prong break off from the impact . a sick dull crack and dana 's body turn motionless . Dead . camera inches back as dana 's murderer , blood stain , exhaust , huff like a animal . camera push in as the form move ; leave arm extend as the leave leg bend , pull forward , then shift as the right side repeat the move . lizard like , the form clear frame ... as camera tilt to the ground ... a skull fill frame . a impact fracture split the skull across the brow . beside the skull lie a Vietnam Zippo lighter with the name pvt . lenz . frank . across the area the form reach up through a open section at the base of the floor and into a vertical space between the wall . squirm ; pull upward and disappear out of frame CUT to : int . live room - night - close - doll 129 be pull out of the box ; fabric tear . eye , empty . melissa ( 0.s. ) this doll be new . wider the fire be nearly dead . outside , the freezing rain howl and intermittently , the roof be pelt with hail . Melissa examine the discover doll 's eye , then point at the doll find tonight under the tree ... 130 131 132 70 . melissa ( cont 'd ) this eye be age . they be not from the same doll . int . eve' room - night 130 camera be in Eve 's room as the door open and leigh enter . the girl mute voice be barely audible ... heather ( 0.s. ) what if that be from agnes ' doll ? twenty - five year ago ? Eve could have find they . she life in billy 's old room . the energy in the empty room be unsettle and haunt . leigh be quick to turn and leave . as she close the door ... int . upstair hallway - night 131 leigh be at the end of the hallway . she pause , have run out of room . hail begin to pummel the roof . leigh look up toward the ceiling ... ms. mac ( 0.s. ) ' lot of girl have live in that room , before Eve . leigh be Pov - the attic door as camera rise upward ... int . live room - night 132 outside , the STORM intensifies ... hail riddle the roof . Heather , Ms. Mac , Melissa , and kelli be in the dark live room . they anxiety , intensify . Delivery , faster , hurried and often whisper . heather what if she 's the first to get it in she head that she 's like he ? do not have a family , just like he . melissa he have a family . ms . mac it be pretty random when she say ... " we be she family . " camera begins to creep ... arcing in the room until the house phone enter frame ... 133 134 71 . int . upstair hallway - night 133 leigh move under the attic trap door , study it . as she take a step onto the first rung ... int . live room - night 134 camera continue to arc ... the house phone fill nearly three quarter of the frame . the girl hold , silhouettes against the window ... melissa Eve be here when we get the call . kelli the call come from Clair and megan 's cell . they be both miss . heather she could have steal Clair and megan 's cell phone ... ms . mac but we do not get a call from Eve . melissa she do not own a cell phone . heather ( accusatory ) and she do not disappear . she leave . in the b.g. , a cell ringtone go off ... " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " the women tense . kelli ease , then uneasy ... kelli must be Kyle ... she pull out she cell and check the caller i.d ... kelly cell phone display - caller i.d. dana mathis cell . kelli a raw nerve , kelli battle to maintain composure ... she nearly scream ... kelli ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... dana ! 135 136 137 138 72 . int . upstair hallway - night 135 leigh hear kelli and the other ' reaction . leigh 's head turn toward the stair ... int . live room - night 136 frightened ... kelli engage the " send " button . kelli dana ? a witch - like cry blare from the phone ; billy 's mother . caller ( v.o. ) bill -ly ! kelli pull the phone away , breathe hard . Ms. Mac scream ... int . upstair hallway - night 137 leigh step off the ladder and hustle toward the stair ... int . live room - night 138 the other crowd around , listen . leigh appear in the background move down the stair . what sound like billy 's step father growls ... caller ( cont 'd , v.o. ) what do you do with the baby ? kelli close she eye as if that could shut out the sound . leigh quickly approach the other ... heather I know it's you , eve ! caller ( v.o. ) they be my family , now . the caller disconnect . no dial tone . silence , except for the crackle of the die fire . camera push in on kelli , realize , then alarmed ... kelli dana ! CUT to : 139 140 73. ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night 139 crisscross flashlight beam backlight a fall sheet of hail and ice as the storm intensify . kelli , Melissa , Heather , and leigh , hustle down the front step . melissa dana ?! dude , where you at ? Melissa slip and fall on the treacherous icy surface . the other help she to she foot . leigh look over the ground . the girl must shout in the storm ... kelli no footprint . iced over . leigh she go around back to the control box . as Melissa , flashlight in hand , and kelli start off , gingerly , but with haste ... camera inches into heather , flashlight in she hand , look with suspicion , 0o.s. heather be Pov - up the STREET a ' 89 Toyota corolla with a replace front end side panel paint primer gray , be park about fifty foot down the street from the front of the sorority house ... heather & leigh Heather react , puzzle and incredulous ... heather Eve 's car . she never leave . she move off . leigh step into frame , annoyed with Heather ... leigh find dana , first . leigh check Melissa and kelli , who have advanced along the side of the house . not want anyone to be out here alone , leigh sigh and start after Heather ... ext . side of the house - night 140 kelli and Melissa proceed along the side of the house . in fact , Melissa use the wall for support ... melissa dude ! dude ! 141 142 143 74 . kelli slip , fall near the trap door in the side of the house . Melissa move to help , aim the flashlight on kelli . kelli absently place she hand on the frame as a crutch , then look to Melissa , alarmed . kelli point to the door . camera sweep toward kelli 's finger point to the doorframe mark with Christmas red nail polish scratch ... ext . STREET - night 141 the driver 's side front end of Eve 's car fill the frame as Heather approach , follow by leigh . Heather aim she flashlight toward the corolla 's interior ... ext . side of the house - night 142 kelli and Melissa be on they hand and knee try to open the trap door . kelli quickly look about the area . kelli Point the light under the house ... ext . STREET - night - eve' car 143 Heather 's flashlight beam flare into camera as she approach the rear end of Eve 's car . the back of a head and shoulder can be see rest against the driver 's window ... heather & leigh as they near the driver 's side door ... heather what be she do ? sleep in she car ! it 's , like , zero degree ... Heather reach out and pull up on the doorhandle . leigh reach grab she hand ; a startle . leigh if she 's asleep ... ( beat ) why be not the window fogge ? Heather release the handle , step back , but , the door open . lower angle - car door Eve 's body , streak with blood , tumble toward camera ... 144 145 146 75 . ext . beneath the house - night 144 Melissa 's pan flashlight beam flare into camera . o.s. , Heather scream . kelli and Melissa tear off toward the street . ext . STREET - night 145 leigh hyperventilate beside the car while Heather have move away , crying . kelli and Melissa approach and see the corpse ... melissa Holy fuck ! eve' body lies half in and out of the car , she head on the ground revealing both eye have be remove . kelli camera push in as she realize ... kelli he 's out here . CUT to : int . live room - night 146 the four woman race into the live room and slam the door ! mrs . mac startles ; frighten . kelli , melissa , heather & leigh Heather bolt the door while kelli march directly to the house phone and pick it up . it 's dead . kelli remove she cell phone , while pace , dial " 9 , 1,1 . " ms . mac what ?! what ?! kelli damn it . kelli continue pace as she hit re-dial ; listen ... 76 . kelli ( cont 'd ) shit ! as kelli try re-dial , again ... ms . mac what be go on ?! Melissa , Heather , and leigh hesitate , unsure of who should tell Ms. Mac , as well as how to tell she ... kelli fuhhhhhck ! everyone turn toward kelli as she hit re-dial , yet again ... kelli ( cont 'd ) 911 be experience heavy caller traffic because of the storm .. all be rattle and anxious . leigh look out the front window . Heather and Melissa move from window to window , assure they be secure . ms . mac why ?! what ?! kelli hello ? yeah ... a girl be ... dead ... outside . yes , I know she ... Eve guaraldi ... Ms. Mac react , horrify . she look to the other ... kelli ( cont 'd ) we be positive she 's be murder ... mrs . mac as camera push in on she ... ms . mac billy 's home for Christmas . wider the girl shoot each other anxious glance ... melissa no. no , Ms. mac. billy be dead . kelli ( into phone ) Three other girl ... kelli look carefully to leigh , who , anticipate what kelli must report ... 77 . leigh be miss ... miss . kelli be miss ... and ... what ? 566 oakdale . there 's only two house on the ... right ... phi kappa sorority ... kelli presley ... how long ' till ... what ?! no! no ... she hesitates , reluctant to admit ... kelli ( cont 'd ) we think he 's still outside ... would you wait around that long after what I just tell you ? upon hearing this , Ms. Mac march across the room and disappear into a small bedroom off the hallway while Heather , Melissa , and leigh tense , reacting with dread ... kelli ( cont 'd ) please , be not there any way ..? ( beat ) you fucker ! ! kelli hit the " end " button ; more afraid than angry ... kelli ( cont 'd ) the storm . pile -up all over 91 . reservist can not make it in ' cause the street be all ice . tree fall . power 's out everywhere . they ... maybe ... maybe ... can be here ... in two hour . Ms. Mac return wear she winter coat , carry she purse and key in hand ... ms . mac well , we will all be out of here in two minute . get you thing ... Heather approve of the idea and rush off for she coat . melissa I be not go outside . he 's outside . kelli what about dana ? heather we will only go up to the a.d.g. House . get help . melissa they have all go home or ski . 78 . kelli whose family life the close ? call they . melissa lauren' . her mother life in Boston . ms . mac even if you could reach she on a cell phone , it would be at least four or five hour ' till she get here . melissa and she 's in bermuda with some guy . Melissa react , frighten as she suddenly recall ... melissa ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! lauren ! Melissa take off , run for the stair in the darkness ... ms . mac done. case close . let 's go ! kelli no ! we stay together . we lock up the house , everyone grab a fireplace poker , or ski pole , or some shit , and for the next two hour , not let each other out of we sight . ms . mac no ! we will drive to the police . kelli in this weather ? ms . mac even if they can not do anything . we will all be safe , there . kelli we be not all here . if we be , I would go . leigh that 's right ... unless I see otherwise ... I be believe Clair be ... alive . and when she come back ... it 's not go to be to a empty house . as leigh move away , end the discussion ... 147 148 149 79 . int . upstair hallway - night 147 camera be moving , low to the floor as Melissa race up the top of the stair and down the hall . int . lauren be room - night 148 the door burst open ! Melissa tense in the doorway , as she look 0.s. camera pull back , revealing a motionless mass beneath comforter and sheet ... Melissa steady herself , then inch toward the bed . with dread and fear , she reach out and grab a piece of the comforter . she whip off the cover ... melissa' Pov - bed lauren sleep it off . drool drip from the corner of she mouth . as lauren release a tooth rattling snore ... int . live room - night 149 Heather return wear she coat , move directly to the door . kelli block she path , place she hand on the knob . kelli please ! we be safer stick together . heather alright . ( beat ) then , get you coat . ( call out ) mel , we're leaving ! let' go ! melissa ( 0.s. ) i'm not leaving lauren , you kelli we be sister . Act like it . Heather knock kelli 's hand away and open the door . the wind scream , blow hail into the entrance . she start off toward the driveway . ms . mac we will get the police here , fast as we can . Ms. Mac hug kelli , then move off after Heather . camera push into kelli watch they move toward the driveway ... 150 151 152 153 80 . ext . phi kappa sigma sorority house - night - kelly pow50 the porch and the front end of the garage obstruct the view of Ms. Mac 's car . only the rear passenger side be in view . int . live room - night 151 kelli close the door , bolt it , and move toward the stair , while address leigh ... kelli can not see the driveway . maybe from lauren 's room ... as leigh move from the window , follow kelli ... ext . driveway - phi kappa sigma house - night 152 camera lead Ms. Mac and Heather , hustling to the car . they footstep click and crunch on the icy surface until Ms. Mac fall . Heather have difficulty with she own foot while help Ms. Mac to she foot . they manage to proceed toward the driveway revealing a dent and dinge ' 66 pontiac parisienne and not in cherry condition . the wheel well be rusted . much of this be difficult to discern as the pontiac be encrust with ice and snow . passenger door Heather pull on the door handle , ice crack and strain , but the door be seal shut by ice . she yank harder , then look around , see if anyone be approach , then yank again ... driver' side likewise , Ms. Mac 's door be freeze close . she kick at the car with she heel . a sheet of ice crack and fall away from the metal . she rush inside , climb into the driver 's seat . int . pontiac parisienne - night 153 Ms. Mac insert the key into the ignition . in the passenger window , Heather be a silhouette , pull on the doorhandle , knock on the window , try to free the car from ice ... the engine will not turn over . Ms. Mac pump the gas pedal and try again . the engine strain ... 154 155 156 157 81 . ms . mac c'mon , you piece - a-shit ! the gas pedal thump ... thump ... thump ! the ignition key be cranke ... the dashboard the radio come to life ... Judy garland 's haunt " have yourself a merry Little Christmas . " ext . driveway - phi kappa sigma house - night - tailpipe154 the pontiac start . exhaust belches ... int . pontiac parisienne - night 155 Ms. Mac crank the heater and defroster ... ext . driveway - phi kappa sigma house - night - heather 156 camera inches in over Heather 's shoulder as she desperately try open the door . as she turn back ... heather' Pov - eve' car the door remain open . Eve 's body ; in the position it be discover ... heather — low angle remind of Eve 's fate , Heather pull harder on the door . at this angle , the attic window loom above . unbeknownst to Heather , Clair 's body sit at the window in the rock chair . over heather' shoulder as Heather turn back around , crack ! a pane of ice shatter ! Heather scream ! the door pop open revealing Ms. Mac on she back , have kick the passenger door open with she foot . int . lauren be room - night 157 kelli and leigh enter and move directly to the window . Melissa cross to the window , as well ... 157pt 158 159 82. ext . driveway - night - kelli be Pov - out window 157pt from this vantage , also , only the rear of the pontiac can be see . exhaust pump from the tail pipe . int . lauren be room - night kelli , leigh , and Melissa eye one another , relieved ... kelli they get the car start . int . pontiac parisienne - night 158 Heather be now in the passenger seat . she lock the door . heather go! gol ! the front windshield appear opaque from the ice and snow . Ms. Mac try the wiper , but they strain against the ice . the visibility out the window remain nil . Ms. Mac turn and reach over the back seat . incredulous , Heather turn toward the back seat , also ... heather ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! while they attention be away from the front of the car ... a shadowy form cross the front end and disappear . Ms. Mac produce a ice scraper , then extend it to Heather as if , " go scrape the ice . " heather ( cont 'd ) what be that thing ? Ms. Mac sigh , turn , and exit the car ... ext . driveway - phi kappa sigma house - night 159 the driver 's door remain open as camera arc with Ms. Mac around the front end to the windshield . she begin scraping the ice . it be thick and need plenty of elbow grease . ms. mac ( mutter ) precious ... frigid ... princess ... southern ... privileged ... bitch ! 160 pt 160 83. suddenly ... the vehicle rock ... lurch ... just once . Ms. Mac pause , anxious , then continue scraping . faster . front window a piece of ice break away create a three inch diameter window into the front seat . motion ... a head turn ... revealing ... a yellow eye . mrs. mac tense ... freeze with fear ... over ms . mac' shoulder from the interior , the frost opaque window suddenly splashes ... erupt ... with Heather 's blood . mrs . mac leap back , hyperventilate , back into the close garage door with some force , cause , o.s. , a loud crack ! ms . mac be Pov - lip of the roof several thick stalactite icicle break off . overhead angle - ms. mac camera race toward her as if a plummete icicle ... ms. mac - low angle - looking directly up upon reflex , back against the garage , Ms. Mac raise she arm shield herself . it be futile . as she head be impale and split by the ice dagger ... CUT to : int . lauren be room - night - kelli be Pov - driveway 160 pt outside , the car idle . Judy garland sing ... wider 160 kelli look to Melissa and leigh while lauren remain dead to the world on she bed ... kelli should we go out and check on they ? melissa car 's idling . Radio 's on . 161 161pt 84 . then ... a cell ringtone ... " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " camera push in on kelli and leigh ... scared . melissa turn to they , afraid ... wider as kelli remove she phone and read the caller i.d. panel , she stifles a frighten whimper ... cell phone caller i.d. display barbara machenry . kelli quickly answer . with desperate hope ... kelli Ms. Mac ? the eerie man-child voice declare ... caller ( v.o. ) they be my family , now . kelli abruptly disconnect ; try to be strong , battle frighten tear . leigh look at Melissa ... leigh stay with you friend . leigh take kelli by the arm . as they start out of the room ... CUT to : int . kitchen - night - leigh & kelli 161 race into the kitchen and look out a side window . ext . driveway - night - kelli be Pov - out kitchen window61 pt this vantage be also partially obscure by the opposite garage wall . the pontiac driver 's side door be open as the vehicle continue idling ... int . kitchen - night kelli and leigh struggle to see the entire picture ... kelli can not tell if they be out there . 162 163 164 165 85 . kelli start toward another door . camera follows as they move to another door off the kitchen . kelli aim the flashlight at the doorknob and open the door ... int . garage - night 162 the garage hold no vehicle but , rather , act as a storage area ; cluttere and maze-like . kelli and leigh stepping into the garage , leigh loose she foot . kelli catch she , then shine the flashlight onto the floor . in the flashlight beam a puddle of water , create by a leak from above ... kelli ( v.o. ) careful . roof 's leak . kelli and leigh continue through the box , furniture , and old bicycle toward the close garage door . as they reach the door , kelli slip , fall to she knee . the flashlight drop . roll ; revealing not a puddle of water , but one of blood , seeping in through the outside at the base of the garage door ... kelli and leigh kelli scream ! int . lauren be room - night 163 kelli 's scream be deep within the house , but be nonetheless heard by Melissa look out the window to the driveway . int . garage - night 164 kelli and leigh try lift the garage door ... ext . driveway - night 165 Ms. Mac 's dead body lie slump against the garage door prevent it from open . then ... a form enter frame ... just a shoulder ... and hold . 166 167 168 169 86 . int . lauren be room - night 166 Melissa move to the door and open it ... int . upstair hallway - night 167 Melissa step into the hallway , look toward the stair . melissa kelli ?! from the darkness behind she , a black plastic bag be whipped over she head . she reach for she throat , struggle . the plastic vacuum to she face as she gasp ! int . garage - night 168 kelli and leigh desperately push against the garage door ... leigh feel like ... there might be a body block it . then , outside , o.s. , the pontiac engine die . the radio Christmas music turn silent . someone be out there . CUT to : int . lauren be room - night 169 darkness . o.s. , the rhythmic click ... click ... click ... of mechanize wind . Clair 's gift to lauren , the music box , be set into frame by a hand with blood stain finger . the doll turn as " dance of the sugar plum Fairy " begin ... lauren asleep . her image be odd , distort ; light bend and refracting color ... a touch wider reveal camera be look at lauren through Eve 's gift to Heather , the glass unicorn 's horn . wider the ornament be clutch by a hand stain with sweat and blood . after a beat ... the ornament move ... toward lauren . 170 171 172 173 87 . closer - music BOX the ballerina twirl ... through the glass ornament - lauren her image distort as the horn approach . once over she ... the ornament pause . lauren 's eye open ... groggy ... drunken . then , as she look up and see the figure stand over she ... lauren hmm . yeah . merry Fucking Christmas . lauren 's eye suddenly flash with horror ... CUT to : int . live room - night 170 the fire be dead . the room , dark and icy blue . blood stain and perspire , even in the cold house , kelli and leigh run into the live room from the kitchen . outside , a thump , thump , like heavy footstep . kelli look toward the front window ... ext . front porch - night - kelly Pov 171 a dark figure cross the porch toward the front door ... int . live room - night 172 as they turn and hustle toward the staircase ... front door rattle ... bang ! bang ! bang ! kelli & leigh they urgency intensify . kelli bound up the step two at a time . leigh , however , hesitates and quickly reach out into the live room ... close - ms. mac' bbq/marshmallow toasting fork leigh 's hand grab it . as it 's whisk out of frame ... int . upstair hallway - night 173 kelli and leigh tear down the hallway as the pounding continue down on the front door ... 174 88. int . lauren be room - night 174 camera pull back from the threshold as kelli and leigh enter revealing ... Melissa be go . lauren , however , remain in bed . one bare foot be out over the side outside of the cover . she lie on she back with she arm , the crook of she inner elbow , over she eye . kelli awww , fuck , no ! ( call out ) melissa ?! leigh he will hear you ! leigh close the door . she bolt the lock . kelli tug at lauren 's foot , while whisper ... kelli lauren , where 's mel ?! downstair , a window shatter ! kelli tug on lauren 's foot ... kelli ( cont 'd ) where 's mel ?! stand just off to the side of the door , leigh look at kelli . then whisper , intensely ... leigh shut up ! leigh clutches the barbecue fork with two hand , turn toward the door and raise it over she head . ready . kelli breathes hard ; frighten . she reach into she pocket and pull out she cell , finger tremble as she text message ... insert - kelly cell phone display glow with bluish light . she type ... " u@ ?!! " then , speed dial ... melissa . kelli await a response . she kick at lauren 's foot , wave the flashlight beam across she face ... 175 176 89 . leigh o.s... footstep approach ... kelli look to she phone ... insert - kelly cell phone display the illuminate display read : u@ ?!! int . upstair hallway - night 175 camera begins moving down the hall , as if a p.o.v . flashlight seep from beneath the door inside lauren 's room . int . lauren be room - night - leigh 176 raise the prong above she head , ready ... kelli texts , again . this time ... faint ... mute ... however , a definitely audible ... a cell ring tone can be hear ... " jingle bell . " kelli look up . camera push in as she spot ... kelli be Pov - ceiling from a tiny pinhole in the ceiling , a pale dim hint of bluish light , as if from a cell phone display emit from the hole ... kelli camera continue in , but just as she react ... lauren' door bang open ! kelli swing the light toward the door ... the door a figure stand in the threshold ... leigh whisk she weapon down ... 90 . the figure the light hit the figure revealing Kyle as he lurch back , the fork tear he jacket sleeve . leigh & kyle not know Kyle , leigh continue she attack . not know leigh , he counter , block she arm and shove she back ... leigh Hit the bed , knock lauren whose arm slowly fall from its position over she eye . leigh look up just as lauren 's arm clear she face , revealing lauren be , indeed , dead . her eye socket be dark and empty ; eye have be remove . kelli scream ! leigh be up on she foot away from the bed . she turn back toward Kyle wield she weapon . kelli move toward she ... kelli no! no ! wider leigh hesitates , but remain alert and ready to attack . likewise , Kyle tense eye flash from kelli to leigh . the three stand triangulate ; breathe hard , frighten ... kyle there 's two body in the driveway . leigh maybe you do it . he point to lauren ... kyle maybe you do that ! kelli no ! it 's not he ! leigh 's eye dart to kelli , as do Kyle 's . 177 gl . leigh how do you know ? her back to the hole in the ceiling , assume they be be watch , kelli block she gesture point to the ceiling ... leigh & kyle subtly look up ... leigh & kyle's Pov - kelli & the ceiling camera move past kelli and rise to the ceiling . the faint light continue glow from within the ceiling pinhole ... kelli her " the dance of the sugar plum Fairy " ringtone sound . camera inches into kelli as she raise the phone with dread ... and push the " send " button ... caller ( v.o. ) they be my family , now . kelli battle tear , but with a strength derive from anger , she ask in a accusatory whisper ... kelli what have you do ... billy ? the call abruptly disconnect . kelli turn , look to the ceiling ... kelli be Pov - the ceiling the light be out . leigh & kyle Witness the seeping light go out . they look to kelli ... kelli as camera inches to her ... she whisper . kelli ( cont 'd ) he 's in the attic . CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night 177 camera be creeping . in the darkness , barely visible ... await the trap door to the attic . 92 . kelli , leigh & kyle camera inches toward lauren 's door as the three appear in the threshold . Kyle step out and move toward the stair . the girl take a step toward the attic door . Kyle turn to check they be follow and see they be not . in a low scared whisper ... kyle no fuck way ! leigh Clair might be alive . she might be up there . kyle Eve 's not . Heather 's not . Ms. mac. kelli they all leave the house . he could not get they in the attic . leigh I have searched the whole house . kelli and I have see under the house . where else could they be ? leigh until I see that they be dead ... they be alive . he take kelli by the arm , for emphasis ... kyle they be not . kelli pull she arm away . she gesture to the weapon in leigh 's hand ... kelli there 's three of we . kyle ( scoff ) it 's fuck billy lenz ! he 's probably watch we , right now ... kelli ( cut he off ) if I be alive . I would expect my sister to go up there ... leigh eye kelli , impressed , and absently nod . 93. kyle how would you know ? you do not even have a fuckin ' sister . leigh yeah , she do . leigh do not even check kelli 's reaction as she move past Kyle and kelli and start toward the attic trap door , clutching she weapon . kelli eye Kyle ... kelli if you do not think you owe I ... you fuck owe megan ... at least , this . he grab the two of they and with emphasis ... kyle if we go up there ... the second we see they be dead ... we turn and run the fuck out of this house . leigh and kelli consider , then nod . Kyle eye they for a beat as he reach into he pocket and remove a butterfly knife . as he flip it open ... high angle - from the position of the door frame be empty , seemingly dark , until leigh step cautiously into frame , back against the farthest wall . only a faint rim of reflect spill light delineate leigh , kelli , and Kyle from the darkness . attic door camera inches toward the trap door ... hallway the three reach the area just beneath the attic door . leigh nod to kelli , then take a step toward the ladder . kelli 's lift the flashlight , prepare to turn it on ... Kyle suddenly reach out and stop leigh . she look at he and without acknowledge she , Kyle move ahead of she toward the base of the ladder . he turn to kelli , then mouth and gesture ... kyle ( cont 'd ) I open the door , you hit the light . she nod ... low angle - looking directly up the trap door await directly above as Kyle step on the first rung of the ladder ... 94 . close - kyle's foot camera rise with Kyle 's foot as it step on the next rung ... the flashlight kelli raise it ; thumb hover over the " on " switch . leigh grip the barbecue fork , ready ... overhead Kyle rise toward camera , reach the door . he eye the girl , then hold out he hand and count off with he finger ... one ... two ... three ! low angle he knock open the door , then take a defensive step down . kelli turn on the flashlight . beat ... silence ... above Kyle , the flashlight be a tube of illumination on the rafter . small , one or two inch icicle cling to the leak ceiling ... Kyle turn around and reach down , gesture for kelli 's flashlight ... suddenly , a black plastic trash bag be whipped over Kyle 's head . his upper body be pull into the attic ... kelli & leigh step forward , reach out , but cannot grab Kyle 's leg . the flashlight knock by Kyle 's hand , spin roll ... kelli begins climb the ladder , look up ... the attic the flashlight stop bounce and spin , its light stop on ... a pair of eye ... frame in a black hood . in a mere glimpse , the most illuminate eye , the leave iris ... be yellow . kyle struggle violently , stab blindly with he knife as he disappear into the darkness of the attic . the door slam ! 178 179 180 181 182 95 . kelli and leigh rush toward the ladder ... int . attic - night 178 extreme elongate shadow be create by the flashlight struggle . the killer straddle Kyle 's chest . kyle's feet struggle to escape , Kyle 's foot be over the attic door . kick ; press against the floor for leverage . his desperate action prevent kelli and leigh from enter ... int . upstair hallway - night - kelli & leigh 179 push up against the door while it bang bang bang ! int . attic - night - kyle 180 blind and choke from the plastic bag . his arm , include the hand hold he butterfly knife , be pin down by the assailant straddle he chest . low angle - the killer remove the glass unicorn from a pocket . raise it ... the glass unicorn the light glint off the horn , be plunge out of frame ... int . upstair hallway - night 181 o.s. , kyle scream ! kelli and leigh intensify they effort ... int . attic - night - low angle - killer 182 again , plunge the glass dagger toward Kyle 's head ... kyle's feet reacting to the pain ... push against floor and scuttle back . low angle - the killer be buck , but maintain the advantage ... 183 184 96 . kyle's feet move off of the door ... int . upstair hallway - night - kelli & leigh 183 push ! the door fly open ! they hurry up the ladder . once inside , the attic door teeter , then slam close ! int . attic - night 184 kelli and leigh charge the figure , just as it plunge the point horn into the plastic bag . Kyle 's body go limp . they grab the killer , who rear , push they deep into the attic . leigh & kelli fall against the base of a rock chair , which lurch forward , toward they . they look up ... low angle - looking up - kelli & leigh be Pov - clair the face of leigh 's sister remain freeze in horror , wrap in plastic . Eye socket , empty . seat in the chair , the body nearly tip over on they ... leigh frame be empty until she rear back , terrify ... leigh foot and leg slip off the plywood cover area and into the rock wool insulation . her foot crash through the plaster ... leigh one leg fall through the floor to she thigh ... kelli on the floor , scoot on she hand and behind , away from Clair . kelli look to leigh ... kelli be Pov - leigh struggle to pull herself out , yet the movement cause she to slip further into the hole ... kelli her eye flash to Kyle ... 97 . kelli be Pov - kyle & killer the killer straddle Kyle 's motionless body . the killer rise . nearly indiscernible in the flashlight , the killer clenches several strand of extracolar muscle attach to Kyle 's remove eyeball . killer he 's my family , now . the killer grab Kyle 's body by the leg and begin drag it across the room ... kelli her eye flash toward leigh ... kelli be Pov - leigh slip a few more inch into the floor . she look to kelli ... get out !! go !! kelli kelli rise to she hand and knee , crawl , quickly , but cautiously across the attic floor toward leigh ... leigh tries pull herself out of the floor . crack ! she slip further ... kelli & leigh as kelli reach leigh and grab she arm ... extremely close - a match strike . kelli & leigh turn toward the light ... extremely close - a christmas candle Red and silvery ; be light ... kelli & leigh camera inches in on they , reacting with horror ... 98 . close - a form a body , a silhouette in the darkness ... until the candle cast a amber glow ... revealing ... Melissa 's dead body . the eye socket be empty and black . o.s. , the humming continue ... kelli & leigh frighten . sicken . a second candle be light ... lauren the flicker light dance across she dead , expressionless , face . her eye have be remove ... kelli & leigh camera continue toward they ... both freeze and mortify ... kelli & leigh be Pov - attic in the corner ... a display . the sincere intent have be a currier and ive family at Christmas print , however , it appear as if sculpt by a insane gothik / punk artist . the body of the murder sorority sister , megan , Clair , and Melissa be pose , as if exchange present , beneath a evergleam pink aluminum Christmas tree . Seven pair of actual human eyeball ornament the tree . a dozen candle illuminate the area . place on the floor be sheet of crumpled wrapping paper , ribbon and bow , as if present have jest be open . Clair 's music box be place in megan 's hand . the killer humming tchaikovsky , turn toward kelli and leigh . the yellow , unblink , unmove eye , catch some spill light . then with a tone hear in the phone call , one that be not not evil or craze , but rather eerily pathetic with a pleased , happy smile , speak to kelli and leigh ... and quote Melissa ... killer everyone should be home for Christmas . 99 . the figure start toward they ... kelli and leigh tremble and rattle , try pull leigh from the floor who grasp the wooden support ; strain ... close - leigh legs slip deeper through the plaster . the killer approach ... kelli & leigh suddenly ... crack ! the floor give way . collapse ! leigh fall through the floor and into one of the girl 's bedroom . kelli turn , check the killer 's position ... the killer a step away ... kelli tries to jump through the hole in the floor , but the killer grab she shoulder . a plastic bag begin whipping over she head , but kelli raise a arm and block it . she lunge forward ... close - the bbq fork kelli grab it ... kelli roll , turn , then drive the weapon toward the killer ... the killer' eye the prong plunge into the yellow iris . the figure 's head be throw back . kelli kelli rear , look up to the figure ... the figure the hood head slowly level . oddly , the fork remain in the eyeball with no release of blood or fluid . the fork extend out , stick in the eye . 100 . kelli react , shocked , confuse ... the figure a first true look at the face of the figure , albeit in the eerie flicker amber light , reveal a unnerve androgyny . although the face be large and , somewhat , masculine , the lip and nose be feminine . the skin texture appear shiny , plastic-like and sweaty . thick scar tissue encircle the neck . with no reaction of pain or emotion , the figure reach up , grab the fork handle , and with effort , twist the fork and head until the prosthetic eye be pull from the socket . close - the prosthetic eye remain on the tip of the fork . at this image size , it be clear that the iris have be hand paint or tinted yellow ... the figure the empty socket be black with scar tissue . the head turn , look at the eye on the end of the fork and revealing the survive right eye be a brilliant bright blue ... kelli camera push in , repulse , freeze with fear and shock . she whisper ... kelli they be not you family ... agnes . agnes indeed , the killer , agnes lenz , drop the fork ... kelli although tremble with fear , address agnes ... kelli ( cont 'd ) I be not you family . you be brother be not here . agnes react ... do not understand . she consider ... then , with a eerie child - like smile ... 101 . agnes but ... my daddy be . kelli kelli do not understand . then , suddenly ... mute ... " dance of the sugar plum Fairy " chime from she back pocket . her expression flash a hope of possibility ... as she hustle toward the attic door while remove she cellphone from she back pocket . she be scream , pleading for help before she manage to engage the phone ... kelli help ! help ! i'm in the attic of the phi kappa sigma sorority . 566 oakdale lane ... kelli reach the door , however ... close - the door a hatch lift ring be inset and flush against the wood . kelli 's tremble finger struggle to lift the ring . kelli ( cont 'd ) please ! please ! call 911 ! I need help ! 911 !! agnes approach ... kelli camera sweep in as from the phone ... the chill , now familiar voice calmly declare ... caller ( v.o. ) you be ... my family now . kelli react , stunne and puzzle . behind she , agnes whisk a green hefty trash bag whip over kelli 's head ... closer - kelli gasp ! the plastic vacuum to she face . she stumble to the floor . agnes straddle kelli ... kelli tear the plastic away ... 185 102 . agnes - low angle raise the glass unicorn ... kelli deke she head . the glass spike catch a piece of she earlobe as it drive into the floor and break off . kelli grab agnes ' wrist ... agnes - low angle look at the ornament . now , a block of glass ... kelli quickly grab for the break glass spike . grab it . she plunge she hand upward ... agnes - low angle bring the glass rock downward , but kelli 's weapon make impact first , plunging just below the right eye socket . as she rear back , kelli grab agnes ' arm with both hand , try to free the ornament from agnes ' hand . kelli knock the ornament from agnes ' hand ... the ornament knock over a pair of candle ... kelli and agnes agnes maintain a grasp on kelli . they fall backwards ... a candle land atop a piece of wrapping paper on the ground . it begin burn beneath the flammable tree ... kelli and agnes stumble backward toward the wall and to fall into the space between the wall . int . within the wall - night - kelli 185 clutch grab , try to break she fall . 186 187 188 189 103 . agnes tumble grotesquely all the way to the basement ... kelli manage to break and stop she fall at some point mid way between the attic and the basement . she breathes hard ... kelli help ! help I ! between the wall - at the base of the wall agnes , from the base of the house begin climb toward kelli ... int . bedroom - night - leigh 186 lies on the floor , disorient and stunne . she awaken upon hearing kelli be call for help . leigh kelli ? int . within the wall - night 187 kelli knock on the wall , push against it . kelli leigh ?! leigh ?! in the wall . I can not move . int . bedroom - night - leigh 188 initially , leigh be confuse . kelli 's cry , however , can be hear within the wall . leigh move to the wall and place she ear against the wood , try to determine kelli 's position . kelli ( 0.s. ) she' in here ! hurry ! leigh turn and quickly try to find a heavy object in the darkness ... on the floor she stumble upon a pair of ten pound aerobic dumbbell ... int . within the wall - night 189 kelli look down ... 190 191 192 193 104 . kelli be Pov - agnes be climb toward she ... kelli Bangs on the wall ... try to push ... leigh ( 0.s. ) kelli ! kelli ! knock on the wall ! hear leigh 's voice , kelli begin pound on the wall ... int . bedroom - night 190 leigh attempt to discern kelli 's position , listen to the knocking within the wall . leigh place she ear to the wall for one final check . leigh rear back with the dumbbell and smashes the wall ... int . attic - night - the burning candle 191 on the floor , near the lip of the wall ... roll with the concussion of the dumbbell impact . int . bedroom - night - leigh 192 smash ! again , until finally , a hole be create ... int . within the wall - night - kelli 193 look up ... kelli be Pov - up the wall the interior of the wall be very dark , except for the faint amber glow of the candle high above in the attic . a faint patch of light spill from the hole leigh create in the wall . kelli look up ... kelli leigh ! i'm down here ! below you ! 194 195 105 . int . bedroom - night - leigh 194 move to the wall to look into the hole . suddenly a male arm fly out of the hole and grab leigh , wrapping around she neck and pull she to the wall hole in the wall camera sweep in to reveal billy lenz . his yellow eye intense as leigh escape he grasp . leigh the wall erupt as billy 's other arm pound through the wall . his hand grab at leigh 's eye , try to pull they out . she struggle , battle , then manage to swing the dumbbell up upon the clutching arm . hole in the wall - billy yelp ! leigh in the momentary ease of he grasp , pull away . holding the dumbbell , she tear out of the room . int . within the wall - night - kelli 195 look down ... kelli be Pov - agnes climb up toward she ... kelli look up ... kelli be Pov - up the wall through the light in the wall , see another form . it turn within the wall with the ease of a cockroach . in the dim light , billy 's face look directly toward she ... kelli scream ! billy as he start toward she ... 196 197 198 199 200 106 . int . stairway - night 196 leigh bound down the stairway and toward the hallway ... int . downstair hallway - night 197 camera lead leigh as she open a door ... leigh kelli !? within the wall , mute pounding ! it appear to be in the other room . leigh move on ... int . within the wall - night - low angle 198 agnes scale the wall , grow closer to kelli , who try to move , but cannot . high angle - billy crawl toward kelli , below he ... int . downstair hallway - night 199 leigh race to the next door . as she open it , a form appear to be wait for she . leigh scream ! it be the laundry room . some clothes hang near the door . leigh brushes they aside and move to the wall . kelli 's scream seem to be directly on the other side . kelli ( 0.s. ) leigh ! leigh ! they 're coming ! leigh realize she do not know kelli 's exact location . leigh tap the wall , try to locate kelli 's position ... kelli ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hurry ! on reflex , leigh rear back and swing the dumbbell toward the wall . int . within the wall - night - kelli 200 a foot from she head , the wall buckle . crack . 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 int . attic - night - the candle rock ... roll toward the discard wrapping paper . it catch fire . int . within the wall - night - kelli bam ! the wall buckle again ! kelly foot agnes be close enough to reach for it . billy out of a nightmare ... crab crawl toward she . int . laundry room - night - leigh bash the wall ! she make it through the wall . her intensity increase , she wildly drive the dumbbell through the wall , increase the size of the hole . int . attic - night - the burning wrapping paper ignites the Christmas tree ... int . within the wall - night - kelli tries to pull at the wood , tear it away . int . laundry room - night - leigh likewise , pull at the wood , increase the hole ... int . within the wall - night - agnes grab kelli 's foot ... kelli scream ... int . laundry room - night 107 . 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 leigh reach into the wall and grab kelli . leigh start pull she out ... 209 210 211 212 213 214 108 . int . within the wall - night - billy 209 grab kelli 's hair . he pull upward ... int . attic - night - the christmas tree 210 aflame , wilt , melt under the heat . it topple ... into the space beneath the wall ... int . within the wall - night - low angle 211 the tree fall toward camera ... int . laundry room - night 212 with all she remain strength , leigh pull kelli from the wall , just as agnes appear from below and billy , upside down , from above ... still within the wall . billy reach to get out of the hole just as ... leigh and kelli fall to the laundry room floor and the hole within the wall erupt with flame ! leigh and kelli Race out of the room ... in the hole a frame within the wall , be envelop with flame . as billy and agnes scream ... int . downstair hallway - night 213 leigh and kelli slam the door behind they . from the room across the hall , they jamb a chair beneath the doorknob , or obstruct the threshold with a bureau in the hallway . in either case , billy and agnes be lock in the room . as leigh help kelli hustle off toward the live room ... int . laundry room - night - a christmas ornament 214 from the fall tree , lie on the floor , dot with blood and reflect the angry flame within the wall . as billy and agnes continue to scream ... overlapping ... a smooth country jazz guitar begin Eddie Arnold 's " Santa Claus be come to town ... " 215 216 217 109 . through the dissolve ... what appear , initially to be Christmas light , be indeed stobbing red siren light ... dissolve to : ext . hospital - night - emergency medical vehicle 215 the light flash and spin , yellow , red and white , from many type of emergency vehicle . Police car ... int . corridor - hospital - night - a christmas tree 216 sit atop a nurse ' station desk . " Santa Claus be come to town " play from the intercom . wider camera be moving down the hallway . the hospital be chaotic due to event at phi kappa and the ice storm . staff , nurse , doctor and e.m.t.s be crisscross the frame ... a reverse reveal leigh move down the hallway with a thousand yard stare . her face display some small laceration , which appear to have be treat . she wear she coat and hold a 8x10 manila envelope . she look up , check a room number ... int . hospital room - night 217 this be a two bed hospital room . a elderly man sit up in bed as family member gather around the bed , exchange Christmas present . the family appear happy and be laughing . in the b.g. , the television be on low ... as leigh enter , however , they turn respectfully quiet , as if aware she be involved in the evening 's horrific event . leigh eye they , force a smile and continue across the room . beyond the curtained divide the foot of a bed be in the f.g. as leigh appear from the other side of the curtain and hold . camera pull back as she cross and sit beside kelli , who be in the bed , ear be bandage and appear sedate . 110 . the woman look to one another . leigh lift she hand , move it toward kelli who reach up and clenches leigh 's hand . leigh 's tone be low as she place the manila envelope on the night table beside kelli 's bed . leigh you family will be here in a couple of hour . they be bring you some clothes . kelli nod . leigh ( cont 'd ) this be the thing you have on you when they take you to the emergency room . kelli nod , sigh , then look to leigh , who avert she eye and unconsciously shake she head . neither know how to pose the question which , both understand , be unanswerable . kelli they must have be in the house since he escape . leigh we will never know , kelli . how could we ever know , now ? kelli avert she eye . leigh consider , shrug . leigh ( cont 'd ) I think ... maybe ... they be do the same thing as I and Clair . kelli do not understand , reacting with denial ... leigh ( cont 'd ) this Christmas ... they come back home , look to find they family . but , you do not need to find they ... for the same reason you can not escape they . ( without sentiment ) they be always there . kelli avert she eye . 0.s. , in the adjacent cubicle , the television interrupt for a news report about the event at phi kappa sigma , earlier this evening . kelli and leigh tense . leigh reach into she coat and remove Clair 's wrap present . leigh ( cont 'd ) I will never be able to open this in front of my sister . so ... I will open it in front of you . kelli reach out hold leigh 's forearm , comforting . as leigh tear open the present ... 111 . television ( 0.s. , v.o. ) Fifteen year after William Edward lenz 's Christmas massacre , horrific tragedy strike again at the same house . both appear to ignore the report ; they focus on the present . television ( cont 'd , o.s. , v.o ) ( cont 'd ) detail remain sketchy this evening , but grafton County official have confirm that the remain of ten people , eight female and two male , have be find dead at the burn remain of the phi kappa sigma sorority near the campus of clement University . ( beat ) detail be sketchy ... however , there appear to be confusion in that one a skeletal remain of a male appear to have be bury beneath the house , perhaps for some time ... behind the curtain , the family must hear they cry as they whisper ... hospital visitor ( 0.s. ) turn that off . they do not want to hear that . the television turn off . the immediate room be silent . in the hallway , Christmas music play . it feel eerie . leigh 's eye fill with tear before the paper be remove revealing a jewelry box . a beautiful watch be inside . leigh remove the watch , emotional . she turn it over ... close - back of the watch a inscription ... " let 's make up for lose time . " kelli & leigh leigh begin cry . kelli sit up and hold she . then ... o.s... a cell ringtone ... " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " it be come from inside the manila envelope . camera inches back ... then hold as the tone continue ... kelli must be my parent . leigh hand kelli the manila envelope . she open it and remove the phone . kelli freeze as she look at the caller i.d. display . 218 112 . camera sweep in to the display ... " kyle autry' cell . " return kelli hold the phone in she hand as the " sugar plum Fairy " continue ringing . leigh 's eye be lock on the phone , also . both woman be so afraid as to appear emotionless ... camera pull back as the ringtone continue . there be not a SOUND , except the " dance of the sugar plum Fairy . " camera continue pulling back , then as if pass through the glass of kelli 's hospital room ... be outside , look into the room . ext . hospital - night 218 camera be several storey high , look through the window , frame with Christmas light . the phone continue ringing , heard at the volume inside the hospital room . once outside , the wind whistle ... the storm settling . camera now rise , leave kelli and leigh , still stare at the phone . they clear frame as camera continue to rise up a brick wall until eight plastic illuminate reindeer and a Santa Claus appear on the roof against the dark snowy sky . see when you be sleep . know ... when you be awake . fade out :