int . downing STREET bedroom - night 1 it 's very dark in here . virtually the only thing we can make out be a double bed with a couple slumbering beneath a duvet . beside the bed , a blackberry thrum into life , on vibrate . from the bed , a man 's hand blearily reach for the blackberry , but manage instead to knock it onto the carpet , where it continue to thrum away . he grunt slightly . the blackberry stop hum . for a moment , all be quiet again . then another phone ring : a office desk phone , beside the bed . sigh , he reach over and switch on a lamp . now we see he : Michael callow : early forty . his wife Jane roll over , pull the cover up around she . glancing at the clock beside the bed ( 5.13 be ) , Michael lift the receiver with a faintly resign , apprehensive air . michael hello . he listen . michael ( cont 'd ) just tell I what 's happen . he listen . whoever 's on the phone be say something , but not give he the basic : what be happen ? michael ( cont 'd ) what be it ? the voice on the other end say something . something that wake he up . his face drain of what little colour the night have leave it with . michael ( cont 'd ) I will be right down . he hang up and sit , slightly stunne , for a moment . Jane have wake up herself . she touch he arm to comfort he . jane what 's happen ? michael ( stare into space ) susannah . jane susannah ? michael princess susannah . he rip back the bedclothes and reach for a dress gown . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 2 . jane be she alright ? Michael head for the door . michael I do not know . int . downing STREET briefing room — night 2 a large oak panell room . Prime Minister Michael callow sit at a large conference room table , a coffee in front of he , still in he dress gown . we hear mute sob . female . come from a speaker . but for now , we be watch the people in this room . it 's a cobra meeting . aside from Michael there be four other present . sitting to he right : Alex cairn , Home Secretary , in she early 5as , smartly dress . also present : Julian hereford , dg of mi5 -- also smartly dress . stand at the back of the room , director of Communications Tom bilce , in trendy specs . there 's also a steely look man in he mid-30s : section Chief Walker , also mi5 , stand by a plasma screen which be currently demand everyone 's attention . the screen from which the sob be emanate . it 's hook up to a laptop in front of Julian . on screen , a attractive woman in she 20 . mascara run down she face . cut -glass accent . we only see she from the shoulder up : strap of a summer dress and fresh bruise . it 's princess susannah . clearly in great distress . tied in position , arm behind she back as far as we can tell . she look off to the side : there 's someone stand there , behind the lens . someone we can not see . susannah do not kill I . we see Michael 's ashen face , as he watch . then back to the screen as a electronic voice - one of the standard one include with modern laptop - speak , off-mic , to the princess . electronic voice read the statement . susannah please do not kill I . electronic voice read the statement . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 3 . susannah yes ... all right . from that screen ? there be a slight pause : we hear brief type . electronic voice that be correct . susannah look down the lens , and start to read , like a amateur presenter have to read a autocue at gunpoint . at time hesitant ... at time stutter on she own terror . susannah I be susannah , duchess of beaumont ... popularly know as princess susannah . I be somewhere you can not find , hold by someone you will not trace . she pause , peer at the next bit . susannah ( cont 'd ) Prime Minister Michael callow ... we see Michael blanche at the direct mention of he name . susannah ( cont 'd ) Prime Minister Michael callow ... my life ... my life depend on you . if you do not do precisely as instruct by 4 pm this afternoon , I will be ... ( she sob ) I will be execute . oh God I c-- abruptly , Julian tap the spacebar on the laptop -- the video * pause . * michael what be you do ? keep it go . julian Prime Minister , at this point it 's important to say we be 100 percent certain this be indeed princess susannah . her car be intercept shortly after midnight . returning from the wedding of one of she student friend . michael open he mouth -- Alex cairn speak for the first * time . she 's look down though , at the table . * alex * she would insisted on go . michael ( to julian ) but you have security on she , I mean- Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - WALKER two ppos ; still unconscious . michael unconscious ? WALKER heavy sedative , close range , each with a single puncture wound , no sign of struggle . Michael gesture at the screen , daze . michael what do they want , money ? no- one say anything . beat . michael ( cont 'd ) release a jihadi ? scrap 3rd world debt ? ( exasperate by silence ) save the fuck library ? julian we believe both the video and the demand it contain to be genuine . michael ( shouting ) what demand ? alex what susannah say next ... it concern you directly sir . Michael stare at she . look round at all of they . none he aide be make eye contact . he 's work alongside Alex and Tom for three year . now they will not look at he . Julian be also look at the table . this already bad situation just take a lurch towards nightmarish . callow look at Walker , who be regard he with a glimmer of sympathy . WALKER this be actually happen sir . michael ( quieter ) just play it . Julian hit he keyboard . the video resume . of Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 5. susannah «-. can not ... please ... I do not want to die . she dissolves into sob . we hear fast off - camera type . electronic voice continue to read the statement . susannah look back at the lens . susannah there be only one demand . and it be a simple one . at 4 pm this afternoon Prime Minister Michael callow must appear on live television , on all british network -- terrestrial and satellite -- and ... no . electronic voice continue to read the statement -- susannah «+. on all british network , terrestrial and satellite -- and have full unsimulate sexual intercourse with a pig . ( sob ; look offscreen ) I do not understand . Julian pause the recording again , just as a list of instruction appear . julian the video end with a series of technical specification for the broadcast . we watch michael 's face register 500 bewilderment at once . he try to speak . nothing . he almost laugh . then think again . he look around : no - one make eye contact . finally : michael why be you do this ? ( beat ) it 's a joke , right ? ha ha Mike . Ho ho . there be more silence . julian it 's real . Michael stare at the table . then back at the screen . then at Alex , he confidant . michael do she say '' pig '' ? sex with a pig . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 6 . Alex nod . michael ( cont 'd ) they want I to have sex with a pig ? tom on live television this afternoon . michael but what -- who the -- WALKER we be check with we embed operative , compile suspect as we speak . alex meanwhile , the demand have be make and there 's not long to formulate we response . michael well I be not fuck a pig . page one , that 's not happen . alex of course . he look around . Alex nod . Tom nod . Julian nod . Walker 's face do not react at first . until Michael look at he . WALKER absolutely sir . michael ( to Julian ) have we establish a dialogue with this ... person ? julian we can not . there 's no email address , no codeword , no channel for negotiation . almost certainly a deliberate stance . Michael stand up again . he 's pace now , try to think : michael okay . so . we focus on find susannah , get she back , however it 's do , I do not care , we stop this now . alex I assure you everyone be work toward this . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - michael yes -- no ! not everyone ! dedicate core team . this can not go wide . he look at Tom bilce . michael ( cont 'd ) and keep it so far from the press it 's on the other side of Jupiter . Tom open he mouth awkwardly . michael ( cont 'd ) it only exist in this room . tom it 's already outside it . that 's another blow . Michael 's rattle by it : michael if there 's hack sniff round , shut they down . Tom look like he want to say something . michael ( cont 'd ) Bright red d-notice . super-fuck - godzilla-injunction with ten-inch whitehall fang . before Tom can answer , Julian interject . julian this video come from YouTube . Michael spin around , agape . michael what ? WALKER it be upload via a encrypt ip over a hour ago . michael well get it off there ! julian we do , after nine minute . but that be long enough for it to be download , duplicate , and spread . michael spread ? how many people have see this ? Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 8. julian we take one down , six clone pop up elsewhere . it 's viral . michael how many people ? WALKER 50,000 . that 's we current estimate . Michael be silence as that unfurl in he head . then : tom the newsroom have get it . michael ( alarm ) they be run this on air ? alex no . we put a type five d-notice out immediately , and they be comply . tom for now . Michael 's spook . Alex shoot Tom a look : not helpful . tom ( cont 'd ) ( ominously ) it 's trending on twitter . Michael look at the screen , once again strike dumb . he look around the room ; he might cry . then he thump the table hard . michael fucking internet ! alex ( calmly ) well , yes . michael so now what ? what 's the playbook ? julian it 's new territory , Prime Minister . there be no playbook . Michael look more puce than ever . rub he eye . michael Christ . end of part one Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 9. ext . STREET - day 1 . early morning 3 a flat above a shop . we close in on a bedroom window . int . kieran & lauren 's bedroom - day 1 . early morning 4 this be a bedroom belong to a young couple . the male half , kieran , sleep in bed . his girlfriend lauren be not here yet . the door burst open . it 's lauren he girlfriend , dress for work -- she work as a receptionist in A&E . she 's hold a laptop and a phone . kieran jump . lauren princess susannah 's be kidnap ! kieran you scared the shit out of I . lauren there 's a YouTube of it ! kieran ( half awake ) go to work ... lauren Gabriel texted I about it from Canada . lauren pass he the laptop and then switch on the tv . we look over kieran 's shoulder at the laptop . the video -- beneath it be comment from viewer -- a lot of ' wif 's and ' omfg '. susannah ( oov ) on all major network ... terrestrial and satellite -- and have full unsimulate sexual intercourse with a pig . kieran gotta be a pisstake . lauren ( eye on the tv ) it 's too ... weird for that . lauren be watch the channel ukn News -- a news network . lucinda towne be the newsreader Archive footage of fire engine and the headline no way out Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 10 . lucinda towne «+. the tillsdale fire inquiry hear harrowing 999 call make by trap resident as flame engulf the building . lauren why 's it not on the news ? scene 5 omitted 5 ext . ukn news build - day 1 . early morning 6 it 's early morning . we be look at a glass - and -steel building . a bit horseferry Road . a sign with a big ukn News logo . over this , we hear a woman 's voice . the newsreader . lucinda towne ( v.o. ) shut down : the tate modern 's controversial 'o agitation ' exhibition close three week ahead of schedule , amidst criticism from the Culture Secretary . int . ukn news studio - day 1 . early morning 7 a modern roll news studio . from one side of the camera , we see morning shift news anchor lucinda towne read headline . lucinda towne in the clear : footballer geraint fitch have be clear of any wrongdo follow a confrontation with the paparazzi outside a Manchester restaurant . int . ukn news room four - day 1 . early morning 8 this be a meeting room design to accommodate about twelve people comfortably . right now it 's hold almost double that , some seat round the table , some stand . on the table a laptop show the princess susannah video . a debate be in full flow . do most of the talk be : two reporter , malaika ( female , attractive , late 20 ) and damon ( late 30 ) . outrank they be shelly , Day editor ( late 30 ) and Martin , executive editor ( early 40s ) . Martin sit at the head of the table . damon how would we even describe it ? a '' indecent act '' ? +e * hf + h hk + h hk Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 11 . malaika everyone 's see the video ; they already know the full -- shelly if we mention bestiality pre- watersh ofcom have be seriously piss off -- malaika ( snort ) fuck ofcom . martin we be still honour the d-notice - shelly but surel -- martin ( raise voice ) we be honour the d-notice malaika ( sotto ) the voluntary d-notice ... martin ( look at malaika ) it may be a ' sportsman - like gesture 's but we be make it . ( he look around ) a woman 's life 's at stake . we follow procedure . malaika hold up she iphone to display tweetdeck . malaika ( brandish iphone ) my timeline consist 100 percent of viewer ask why we be not cover it . how do I reply ? martin you do not . malaika that 's totally backwards -- martin no-one 's break rank . not the beeb , not Sky , not -- damon ( unhelpfully ) I hear Facebook 's coverage be pretty comprehensive . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 12 . martin that may be , but -- malaika it 's like 9/11 's happen and we be broadcasting sandwich recipe . martin we be not a chatroom . a young researcher , jack , stick he head round the door . jack it 's on CNN . the room turn to look at he . jack ( cont 'd ) and Fox . and MSNBC . Al Jazeera , nhk , ndtv ... martin ( he 's get the point ) alright . malaika look vindicate . Martin crumple slightly . martin ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) this planet . then he clap he hand and stand up -- a commander . martin ( cont 'd ) okay . Sarah , you cover the snatch itself . damon , public reaction ; mira , Royal angle , upcoming marriage etc ; Simon -- set tone with standard and practice . we have get to explain this without viewer sicking up they weetabix . Martin walk past a series of team member ; he 's like patton . but he 's ignore malaika , and she 's start to notice . martin ( cont 'd ) lorcan , the internet aspect . New paradigm , twitter , arab spring , all that bibble . lorcan nod . Martin be already onto the man beside he . martin ( cont 'd ) Dan , all graphic run past I . and keep it functional . no peppa pig . finally he get to malaika . a brief pause . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 13 . martin ( cont 'd ) malaika , update the princess obit vt . wow . to malaika , that 's a insult . malaika the obit vt . finally Martin look at shelly . he put he hand on she shoulder . martin shelly -- you be fire . shelly look aghast . martin ( cont 'd ) seriously , get out . shelly go to open she mouth . martin ( cont 'd ) ( deadpan ) okay that be a lie . I will be in the gallery with you , if you can bear that . ( sighing ) but first ... a awkward phonecall . least I can do be warn Tom . as martin exit the room , we see malaika be texting someone . int . number ten corridor - day 1 . early morning 9 a twenty -someth press assistant call andrew be glance at a income message on he blackberry -- we do not see it -- but then quickly hurry off screen , as he hear , bombing round the corner , Tom bilce on the phone . Tom look furious , but dare not raise he voice too much . tom we put a D -notice on it ! martin ( on phone ) it 's global , Tom . tom do not . I be begging you . martin ( on phone ) you be begging I ? tom do not run it Martin . * + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 14 . martin ( on phone ) I be sorry : I can not help you Tom . two down Street staff member brush past Tom ; he nod at one , lower he voice further . once they be out of earshot , he hiss violently into the mouthpiece . tom ( furious , hiss ) know how much help you be get from here on in ? multiply nothing by shit all . ukn 's dead to we . shove it up you arse you f-- just then the door he 's stand beside open -- Alex appear in it . Tom abruptly hang up . Alex eye Tom with suspicion . alex ( point at phone ) interesting ? tom a man . alex a man ? tom a man . beat. alex ( quietish ) Tom , so you be across it ... I be explore contingency plan . Tom give she a look . 10 ext . bankside studio - day 1 10 a tv studios . but there 's something strange about it : specifically , we see , a police officer near the door , turn a member of staff away . 11 int . bankside studio corridor - day 1 11 on the wall : the occasional frame shot of celeb and gameshow . this place be commonly use for mainstream tv . a besuite special agent name callett -- government type , about 35 , be on the move toward the studio , flanke by two armed special officer . they pass a corridor -- callett quickly point down it . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 15 . callett harper , any door down there , secure they . one of the officer obediently peel off to stride down the corridor . callett and the remain officer keep move . a paunchy producer in he mid-40s call jon appear from another corridor , chaperon noel , a youngish fx guy with a flashy alienware laptop under he arm . jon Mr. callett ? Noel from Blue Eye . with a glance , callett size he up . Noel be about 24 ; a bit alternative , in a T-shirt with retro videogame art on it . jon ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) Noel win a Emmy for he fx work on that HBO moon ... western ... thing . noel Sea of tranquility . jon you will not find better . by now they be at the perimeter of a tv studio , walk backstage ... callett still walk with purpose . callett ( to noel ) can you map a head onto a different body , live ? noel depend if you camera 's move . callett hand he a print - out with a list of rule on it callett his rule - sheet specifies a single * handheld camera in a constant * ' rove 's motion . * Noel inspect the list . as he read it , we start move into the studio space itself ... 12 int . studio - day 1 12 they enter a cavernous television studio more commonly use for gameshow . today it 's stark . a simple black backdrop . noel * gonzo style . * ( read ) * ( more ) Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 16 . 14 noel ( cont 'd ) know he shit , that 's tough . ( back to the list ) '' fruition '' to be transmit in full ? what 's -- ( think for a moment ; answer own think ) ah. yeah . callett just focus on the visual . different face mapped onto a live ... ( not sure of the word ) performer ... with that stipulation . noel fringe of possibility ... callett deadline 's at four . need to know if it 's workable by two . noel can not happen . callett it have to . any kit you need -- any kit , it 's yours . noel mate , I be good , but I be not Jesus Christ . as callett walk off ; not even look back at noel ... callett he do not have computer . int . hospital casualty area - day 14 this be a Casualty wait area with seating , a reception desk , and a plasma tv on the wall near the reception desk to keep wait patient occupy . + eh * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 17 . the plasma tv be tune to ukn News , upon which lucinda towne be still blahing on about anything other than this . footage of bin collection van and headline refuse row . a slim nurse , brian , be near the desk . also a orderly , pike ( boorish guy in ironic T-shirt ) . they be both look at the telly . lauren arrive and take she place behind the desk . lauren be it still not on telly ? brian nothing . must be a hoax . pike or a blackout . just then , the onscreen strap be replace by a whoosh breaking news logo . pike ( cont 'd ) woah , head up . lucinda towne ( shift in tone to suggest this be potentially monumentally upsetting news for most viewer ) some major break news now here on ukn . pike ( shouting back to some other staff ) it 's real ! everyone else in the area look up . now it 's real . 15 int . ukn news studio - day 1 15 full screen on the news report . the big breaking news strap resolve to princess kidnapped beneath that in smaller text : susannah duchess of beaumont have be kidnap . NB text in bold italic will be what be heard in the following scene . lucinda in the last few minute it 's be confirm that susannah , duchess of beaumont have be kidnap . a video upload anonymously to the internet appear to depict the princess plead for she life . still from the video ; princess kidnapped strap stay up . * * + HH HH * eh HH fh * * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 18. 16 16a 17 17a 18 scene omitted 16 int . kieran & lauren 's bedroom - day 1 16a kieran be now sit up , watch the tv . lucinda ( on screen ) in the video , the princess be depict plead for she life and address Prime Minister Michael callow directly . int . hospital casualty area - day 1 17 everyone be rapt with attention . patient and staff alike . lucinda towne ( v.o. ) detail regard the kidnap itself be scarce , although ukn understand the vehicle the princess be travel in be intercept shortly after lam this morning . this be a scene be play out across the country . int . nash arm - day 1 17a this be a pub ; not open yet but they be prepare for the day . a delivery man be wheeling in barrel of lager as a woman who work in the pub watch the news on a small portable tv near the bar . lucinda ( v.o. ) the identity of the group or individual think to be hold the princess be unknown although its understand the Security service be currently follow every available lead . we also see , in the ukn video , some news photo of the princess -- in one she emerald engagement ring be feature prominently . scene omitted 18 + h hk * eee * * + eh + HH HH +e % Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 19 . 19 20 21 int . workshop - continuous . day 1 . 19 some kind of workshop , in which a man in paint-spatter overall have stop to watch a small tv in the background . he drink a cup of coffee while watch the broadcast . lucinda as police round up potential suspect across the nation this ukn News viewer video show armed officer raid a address in Bradford . a man think to be connect with a religious pressure group can be see be drag to a wait van . + HH HH hk * on the screen : shaky iphone-quality video footage of guy be bundle into the back of a van by armed cop ( or van simply outside a address ) . % int . downing STREET briefing room - day 1 . 20 Michael be do up a shirt - he 's just get change . Walker pass he a sheet of paper contain a list of name . some be organization -- from Animal rights to muslims4 sharia -- other be name individual . WALKER we embed have rule out the major player : it 's not aq , not ira . this be what 's leave . radical , hate group , people who have threaten yourself or the royal ... julian they be be bring in as we speak . michael for more than question I hope. ( look at list ) someone know something . int . hospital casualty area - day 1 21 * in the casualty area they be still transfix by the break * news . lucinda ( on screen ) two guard in the princess 's security detail be reportedly render unconscious during the kidnap . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 20 . pike ( eat a biscuit ) if it 's terrorist they 's 1l take she head off . brian fuck sake , man . pike just say . 22 scene omitted 22 23 scene omitted 23 23a int . nash arm pub - continuous . day 1 . 23a sonia , a barmaid - landlady in she early thirty , be behind the bar , prepare pump for the day 's trade and be distract by a portable tv in the corner on which the news be be broadcast . behind she , she faintly nerdy 13 - year - old mix race son have wander downstairs and be half - watch the news , half - play a handheld videogame . lucinda ( on screen ) * the video also depict the princess * recite a statement contain a * bizarre ransom demand of a personal * nature involve the Prime * Minister . * sonia ( eye on tv ) they will be ask for a million quid or something . son ( gaw at game ) they want he to do it with a pig . sonia ( annoyed by that ) go to school . the boy exit . * 24 int . downing STREET stairwell - day 1 24 tom bilce bustles toward he office , blackberry beep every few second . beside he , a young assistant call camilla , refer to a iPad , update he on coverage so far . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 21 . 25 250a 25 ab camilla telegraph have the full video and a interactive timeline , tonally stark , brief mention of ransom be a sex act , nothing too gross ... they near the press office ... int . downing STREET PRESS office - moment later . day 1 . 25 this be Tom bilce 's little fiefdom . Computer monitor , and two big telly at the side . one be tune to ukn News . tom and camilla enter . camilla the Sun 's site run with ' taken 's ; big grab of susannah , mention the demand euphemistically ... it 's a poky room , with desk , and three young assistant in they twenty . one of whom be the quiet , faintly nerdy assistant call andrew we see in a corridor earlier . he 's currently on the phone , speak slightly in code . andrew ( on phone ) of course I still want that drink . int . ukn news room corridor - continuous . day 1 . 25 aa we see it 's malaika on the phone . malaika ( on phone ) then give I something ... int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 25 ab andrew 's worried he might be overhear andrew it 's not - that will not be possible we watch Tom 's face , stare intently at the tv as camilla continue with she coverage assessment . malaika ( on phone ) I be friendly when I drink . very friendly when I be grateful . * + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 22 . 25a int . ukn news corridor - continuous . day 1 . 25a * malaika * want to see how grateful I can be ? 25b int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 . 25 B andrew turn the phone to he other ear and lower he voice . andrew there 's no comment at this time . he hang up . 26 int . ukn news corridor - continuous . day 1 . 26 * malaika look at she phone and think . 27 int . toilet stall - day 1 27 malaika have sly the side of she top down slightly , to expose she shoulder . she be take a photo of herself with she phone . she look at it and hit some more key . 28 int . downing STREET PRESS office - day 1 28 camilla be still burbling away while Tom gawp at ukn News . camilla Guardian 's businesslike but sympathetic ; they be run a * fuck liveblog -- * tom * ugh . * camilla * «+. and a short think piece on * historical symbolism of the pig ... * Andrew 's blackberry thrum once more . he look at it . a picture of malaika -- cut off just below the shoulder . it look like she 's naked , even though she be not . he check no - one 's look over he shoulder . look at the photo again . and he put the phone back in he pocket . but now he 's on a slightly different plane , somehow . 28a int . downing STREET hallway , private apartment - day 1 28a * Jane , with a worried expression on she face , move down from * the flat towards the briefing room . * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 23 . 28b int . downing STREET corridor - day 1 . 28b outside the briefing room door , a security guard , spot jane and look at the floor . 29 int . downing STREET briefing room - day 1 29 this be now a nerve centre . staff come and go -- the pm in shirt pace up and down . Julian update he ... julian we have be squeezing hard but still nothing concrete . that name be long shot , so maybe no surprise b-- a commotion ; someone try to enter . a security guard try to stop they . it 's Jane . we hear but do not see she . jane ( oov ) it 's my house . you can not stop I . that 's my doorway . you be touch my doorhandle . Jane push past the security guy . everyone 's look at she . then at they shoe . Jane fix Michael with a look . jane ( cont 'd ) ( sharply ) can I have a word ? Michael open he mouth . but nothing come out . 29a int . downing STREET corridor - moment later . day 1 . 29 a a staff member shut the briefing room door from outside . 30 int . downing STREET briefing room - moment later . day 1 . 30 the briefing room be now empty apart from the pm and jane . michael it will not come to that . jane and if they do not find she ? michael mi5 have a name ; they be surround a place now . jane where ? Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 24 . michael what ? jane where 's the place ? michael ( impressively fast ) truro . jane ( equally impressive ) why be you lie ? michael what ? jane you be lie . truro , Jesus . no point argue . he put a hand on she shoulder . michael I do not want you worry -- jane ( push he arm away ) you never patronize I , do not start now . michael whoever this be be insane -- jane -- and have a princess -- michael who will get through this -- jane not any princess , but the princess -- michael even if they do not find he -- jane - princess Facebook bloody eco - conscious ' national sweetheart 's ... michael -- I will not have to do anything . jane ( tear up ) everyone 's laugh at we . michael you do not know that . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 25 . jane I know ' people 's . we love humiliation . it 's just slapstick to we -- we can not not laugh . michael nothing 's go to happen -- jane it 's already happen in they head . in they head , that 's what you be do , what my husband 's do ... he touch she neck ; she push he hand away . he touch it again . his touch make she cry . jane ( cont 'd ) I just ... please ... she push he hand away , but do not really want to . he put it back , cradling she head . michael Jane ... jane I love you . there 's a knock at the door . then it open to reveal camilla . michael ( irritate ) what ? camilla Palace on the phone sir . michael I will be there in a bit . get Alex to stall they . camilla she 's be speak to she for the last ten minute . michael her ? camilla it 's the Queen herself . Michael look at Jane as if to say ' sorry , but ...’. jane ( understandingly ) go on . Jane mask she tear from camilla as she leave . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 26. 31 I /e. CITY - montage - day 1 31 we be listen to a radio phone - in over shot of traffic ; shot of builder on a site ( with a radio ) ; shot of a woman listen in she garden . the host be bob hayne . the first caller be a man call warouq who speak with a bit of a ' innit’ tone . bob so waroug : you say no negotiation with terrorist ? warouq ( phone static ) yeah , cos if he do it , right , what next ? someone say we will set off a dirty bomb unless Obama do a shit - bob sorry warouq , get to cut you off there , apology for the language lady and gentleman ; now on line three it 's Sam , hi Sam ... 32 scene omitted 32 33 scene omitted 33 34 int . studio - day 1 34 callett be surveying the scene in front of he . jon be stand still in position behind someone else who be on all four , as though mimick a pig . NB no ' thrust 's motion . on the other side of the studio be a man stand roughly in position against a large sheet of green fabric . callet stand behind Noel -- upon Noel 's laptop we see a image of jon with the other man 's head mapped onto it . callett confident ? noel bit of a kick bollock scramble but with finess it should work . callett then finesse quickly . we ' performer 's be on he way . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 27 . 35 ext . bankside studio - day 1 35 a official - look car pull to a halt outside the tv complex . a wait officer open the rear door . out step a humourless besuite civil servant call browne , closely follow by a rather goonish - look lanky man in he early forty , with longish hair and a gold necklace . he 's Colin Flynn , better know by he ' screen name 's rod senseless . a porn star ala Ben dover , in mid-conversation with browne . a one - sided talk : browne be try to ignore he . rod it 's a new one for I , obviously , cos it 's illegal . I would not normally , y'know . have you see my stuff ? browne no . rod well I be pretty trad . bish bash bosh . I have say no fan about , but I would be lie . that usually get a laugh . not now . rod ( cont 'd ) yeah , well . what do I put on the invoice , that 's what I be wonder ? browne ( try not to sigh ) there will not be any invoice . during this last exchange , a spark unload equipment from he truck spot Rod , and hold up a cameraphone . spark oy oy Rod ! Rod do a cheeky thumb up as the spark take a snap -- browne impatiently hurry he toward the entrance . the pedestrian walk off , fiddling with he phone ... 36 scene omitted 36 37 scene omitted 37 38 scene omitted 38 Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 28 . 38a 39 40 4l int . ukn news studio . day 1 . 38a full screen on ukn as lucinda towne chair a debate between mehdi rahboud , a surprisingly youthful professor of Middle Eastern Studies and sir harold mount , former counter - terrorism head . sir harold ( v.o. ) I can not think of anything even remotely similar to this - it 's a entirely new form of terrorism ( the point of which I can not begin to understand ) mehdi if this be terrorism it 's not Islamist in nature . to request a pig be -- ( specifically abhorrent to ) sir harold that 's the point ; make love to a pig on live television would be the ultimate humiliation -- ( for a Prime Minister ) int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 39 martin '' make love " ? martin and shelly be monitoring the debate from the gallery , shelly speak into lucinda 's earpiece shelly steer they away from the grisly detail . on the screen lucinda 's eye indicate ' ok 's . int . ukn news studio - day 1 40 lucinda interrupt the chat about pig-sex . lucinda ( interrupt ) without dwelling on detail , this be a huge national talk point , and be not that precisely what whoever be behind this want ? int . hospital casualty area - day 1 41 Brian , Pike , lauren be watch the debate * he HH HH hhh HH HH +e * hf + h hk Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 29 . lauren would they use a female pig ? pike ( nodd ) it 's on the list . lauren look a bit blank . brian the list of rule at the end of the video . specify camera angle and everything . pike like dogme 95 . brian ( exasperate ) it 's not like dogme 95 . pike it 's exactly like it ! lauren what 's dogme 95 ? brian a cinematic movement . pike lar von Trier . lauren oh . that mean nothing to she . oh Vienna . brian a list of rule for director ; nae background music , only use natural light and so on . lauren to save electricity ? pike ( for a laugh ) yeah . brian ( exasperatedly cut he off ) for authenticity . pike ( to Brian ) same as this rule . ( more ) Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 30 . pike ( cont 'd ) it 's so they can not cheat it . intercut some other guy 's arse pump away . brian it 's nae the same . pike still about authenticity . brian it 's nae the same ! pike ( shrugging ) authenticity . by now , on screen , ukn News be run a poll : should the pm honour the demand ? 86 % say no . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 31 . 44 int . downing STREET briefing room - day 1 44 the Prime Minister pace , mull over he conversation with the Queen with alex . tom be in the corner , check he blackberry . in the background WALKER and julian be approach by a young computer analyst call jamie . michael '' I trust you 'il do everything in you power to get she back . '' that 's what she say . alex and we be . michael it be not a collective ' you’ , it be a singular ' you 's , i.e. I . alex I be sure it be universal . michael easy to be confident when it 's not you . suddenly WALKER call over from the other side of the room . WALKER Sir we may have something . michael and alex come over . tom look up . jamie look a tad nervous when the pm approach -- he be the Prime Minister after all . WALKER ( cont 'd ) Jamie 's be trace the video 's origin . michael I think it be untraceable . jamie technically yeah but so I think ' work with what we know ’... and that video , okay , before YouTube compression it be 57.3 meg . michael give she a blanker - than -blank look . * + HH * +e hf ff * * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 31a . jamie ( cont 'd ) algorithm . bore . anyway we also know it be upload at 3.1lé6am . jamie ( cont 'd ) so I run a nationwide traceback on uninterrupted one - way upload of precisely 57.3 meg in the minute lead up to 3.16 ... and ... she hit a key . on screen -- a Google Earth style aerial view show a area in buckinghamshire . jamie ( cont 'd ) closest I can get be a postcode . but it come from somewhere in there . michael lean in . Studies it closely . WALKER ( tapping screen ) look like a campus . could we see from the reverse so we do not need to worry about what 's on the laptop from hereon in ? Jamie hit a few key . jamie yes . close 2010 and it 's be empty since . WALKER latest eyesat image for this area ? she tap a few more key jamie 3 be flyover shot from last night ... look like it have light on . ( more ) % +e * hf + eh * % * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 32 . jamie ( cont 'd ) michael ( look at screen ) we have get he ... ( to alex , delighted ) we have get he ! alex smile . perhaps not 100 % convinced . Tom nod . WALKER ( to jamie ) alert the local team ( to julian ) we will head out now . full squad , I 'il man it . julian ( to WALKER ) -- with helmet cam relay . ( to michael ) we can watch the operation downstairs in press - okay with you Tom ? of course it be . michael okay . ( to WALKER ) good luck . WALKER yes sir . he turn on he heel . Michael allow himself a small victory punch . this be the first chink of light today . he grin at Tom and Alex . end of part two 45 int . downing STREET PRESS office - moment later . day 1 . 45 in the background , some techy be hook up a plasma screen to accommodate a feed from the operative in the field . Tom bilce breeze in . tom need to prep two statement on the rescue operation . good outcome / bad outcome . camilla rescue operation ? Tom sit at he desk and fire up he laptop . he gesture vaguely at the plasma screen the techy be set up . + HH hf +e * hf * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 33. tom goon squad 's head for '' a postcode '' in buckinghamshire . Andrew 's ear prick up . but not as much as camilla 's : camilla what postcode ? my mum 's in buckinghamshire . tom ( look at blackberry ) ba9 6cv ... a college or something . camilla grunt . that 's not it . meanwhile andrew surreptitiously get he blackberry ready -- start tapping . 46 int . ukn news corridor . - day 1 46 malaika , walk down a corridor . her phone ping . she smile . 47 int . downing STREET PRESS office - day 1 47 Andrew 's blackberry buzze . he look : a photo of malaika -- this time topless , cover she breast with one arm . beneath it , a message : ' thank you 's . Andrew look around -- Tom be busy type a statement - and allow himself a tiny smile . 48 scene omitted 48 49 scene omitted 49 50 ext . buckinghamshire forest - day 1 50 Walker and a impressive group of soca member ( in camo ) be lurking behind some tree . check out they target . WALKER be also use a small scope . WALKER gotcha . ( pass scope to another grunt ) board 's be prise away . that 's where he get in . WALKER turn round to address one of the soca grunt . % + h hk Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 33A . WALKER ( cont 'd ) okay target identify . assault team red , have spot possible entry point . any order sir ? but WALKER 's not talk to he . he 's talk to a camera attach to the soca grunt 's helmet . because this be all be watch by ... * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 34 . 51 52 53 54 int . downing STREET PRESS office - day 1 51 julian , adjust a head mic , watch the plasma screen with the live feed from the soldier 's headcam . the room now resemble the room in which Barack Obama and co watch the storming of Bin Laden 's compound . Generals . laptop . advisor . all glue to the screen . julian if he get wind we be there , she 's at severe risk ; keep assemble and keep quiet . int . downing STREET bedroom - day 1 52 Jane be sit at a dresser . a baby 's milk bottle be on the dresser . offsccreen we hear a baby cry . her laptop be open - - she 's suppose to be work -- but be instead browsing twitter use the third - party application tweetdeck . a flurry of tweet . concern for the princess . conspiracy theory - be it a ' false flag 's operation ? sardonic one - liner gag from celebrity comic . joke about how he 's already screw the country . the hashtag ' snoutrage 's . and this be the jollier comment . there be tweet joke the pm will catch pig aids and die . Forum debate over which orifice he will enter . tweet which say fuck a pig would be preferable to fuck he wife . the raw cruelty of the net . she can not stop read it . ext . bankside studio - day 1 53 establish shot . int . studio - day 1 54 browne arrive with rod senseless . they approach callett browne agent callett , this be mister Flynn rod ( extend hand ) aka Rod senseless . stage name . callett 's not return the handshake . rod ( cont 'd ) ( sniff slightly ) yeah , well . callett hand he a suit : a replica of one of the pm 's . * % Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 35 . 55 callett you need to get into this . rod there a dress room I can use ? callett no . Rod , unfaze , kick off he shoe and start get change . rod where 's my co-star ? rude not to at least give she a kiss beforehand . callett ( coldly ) outside . in the truck . rod her own trailer ! who 's do she hair ? vidal sassoon ? he do not answer . Rod talk to Noel instead . rod ( cont 'd ) full of joie de vivre innee ? he turn back to callett . rod ( cont 'd ) '' imagination be give to man to compensate he for what he be not ; a sense of humor to console he for what he be . '' Francis Bacon . beat . rod ( cont 'd ) Bacon ? no ? fuckin 's hell , tough crowd . callett hold out the green ping - pong - ball facemask . callett you also need to wear this . Rod examine it . rod you be sick , do you know that ? he pull on the facemask , laugh . int . downing STREET briefing room - day 1 55 the pm have open some french window for a crafty fag , blow smoke out the window to avoid set off a alarm . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 36 . Tom bilce approach ; the pm 's face indicate that he know he should not be smoking but be go to anyway . tom have they go in yet ? michael think I have be here if they have ? * tom I have get statement for either outcome . listen . the coverage be very sympath -- Michael hold a hand up . michael I can not think about coverage now . tom of course . although of course Michael be think about it now . michael but it 's on-side ? tom strong undercurrent of sympathy . every poll indicate public understanding ; disgust with the captor , outrage at the whole thing , but not at you . Tom check no - one 's listen . tom ( cont 'd ) ( lower voice , indicate operation room ) fact be , if Walker 's team fuck up -- not that they will but if they do -- the public anticipate non - compliance from we . there have be squawk from the ' usual 's but ... it 's not ' England expect 's . ( even lower voice ) if he kill she , there 's no blood on you hand . bottom line . Michael think about that . he flick the remain of he cigarette out the window , pat Tom on the shoulder . michael * ( indicate window ) Close that will you ? Michael return to he desk . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 37 . 56 int . ukn news gallery - day 1 56 onscreen , a attractive actress be burbling away about how the princess might be cope while lucinda nod meaningfully . in the gallery , martin regards she with scorn . martin where do I know twinkletits from ? shelly actress . Downton Abbey . she know the princess . Martin look unimpress . before he can finish sighing , jack , the researcher , walk in with a small box . approach Martin . jack this come for you . Left at reception . Martin look at the box . it 's a small parcel about the size of a sunglass case . it 's get he name neatly print on it , and the word ' urgent 's . martin feel cold . ( unwrap it ) any idea where it 's from ? jack ( shaking head ) courier must have drop it off . he remove the outer layer . Inside be a box . it be a spectacle case . tape to it be a small usb key with the word watch I paint on it in neat lettering . he pass this to shelly , who immediately plug it into a laptop . meanwhile martin look at the spectacle case , now very curious indeed . he flip it open . his face recoil with instant disgust . martin ugh ! he almost drop it . shelly stand up . instant hubbub . Martin put the case on the gallery desk . it contain crush ice , glisten like diamond and a severe finger . with nail varnish and a very distinctive ring on it . shelly oh Jesus , that ring , be that ..? Martin nod , with he hand over he mouth so he will not puke . martin ( to assistant ) call the police . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 38 . 57 57a shelly ( point at finger ) someone shoot that first . she click on the laptop with the usb key in it . we see the finder window . there be one file on the usb stick . it 's call playme.mov . she double click it . up pop a window . Black screen . then some stark white text . a caption read : I give you rule . I say no cheating . which be then replace by rod senseless ? please . shelly ( cont 'd ) what do that mean ? Martin go to open he mouth but think better of it . the caption be replace by she pay the price . comply or it worsen . it abruptly cut to a shot of the princess tie to the chair . her hand be tie behind she back . she be gag and scream . shelly ( cont 'd ) oh shit ... a man with a sack on he head , wear glove , be behind the princess -- he have do something to make she scream ... then he hold a recently severe finger to the lens . shelly almost puke . so do Martin . scene omitted 57 int . electrical showroom - day 1 57a we're in a huge branch of dixon or curry 's . a wall of whopping great brand new plasma screen all tune to ukn News -- just as a huge breaking news strap whoosh onto the screen . int . hospital casualty area — day we nhs gang be watch part of the finger - sever video be show on ukn News . % Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 39 . 58 lauren oh God , I can not watch this . lucinda ( v.o. ) the rest of the recording be too graphic for we to broadcast : it depict the kidnapper brandish the princess 's severe finger at the camera ... ukn News have pass all material to Scotland yard who be believe to be subjecting the finger to DNA testing immediately . + h HH hf lauren be shield she eye . lauren that 's proper grim . it 's get to stop , he 's get to do what they want . brian who , callow ? ( look back at the screen ) yes he fuck have . * int . downing STREET briefing room - day 1 58 * in alex 's office , michael , tom and alex gaze at the news . tom Jesus . Michael be silent . he breathes . but he can not keep down this boil water . he do he best to contain himself . michael ( quiet calm rage ) unless I be mistaken we mystery man specify no visual trickery in the original demand do not he ? Alex do not want to speak . but must . alex I consider it necessary to -- michael ' consider it necessary ’... alex «+. to devise a contingency p-- without warning Michael pick the laptop up and violently hurl it against the wall . Alex jump slightly . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 40 . michael ( shouting in Alex 's face ) fucking hell he hold back . pause . then he kick the desk , hard . michael ( cont 'd ) christ ! he seem to calm down again . Alex be try to find a moment to speak . alex Mike , it 's n-- but the very sound of Alex 's voice make Michael lunge towards she , snarling through gritt tooth into she face -- he almost want to hit she . michael ( almost incoherent ) one word and I will fuck -- I will -- she push he away . he slap she arm out of the way -- try to lunge back . she push he away again -- it 's almost a slap -fight -- michael grab she hair and push nearer , near tear . michael ( cont 'd ) ( try to push closer ) you do not help I ! you do not help I ! Tom bilce intervene : grab Michael , wrestle he away - they both smash to the floor so hard they break every bone in they body -- except they do not really -- I be joke . actually , no - one fall down , and no-one 's health be at any time in any danger . thus this scene effortlessly sail through any Health and Safety check you can think of . what do happen be this : Tom bilce grab Michael , wrestle he away , and Michael end up sit slump on the carpet , properly tearful now . Alex , shocked , adjust herself . her hair mess . michael ( cont 'd ) ( almost childlike ) what do you do Alex ? alex I have a back - up plan . a man prepare to do it , and a fx company that have paint you head onto he shoulder . ( readjust he collar ) plan be to broadcast as instruct -- reputation destroy -- then announce the truth once we get she back . reputation restore . % +e * hf + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 40a . michael and you actually think it have work ? alex I believe it worth consider . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 41 . michael then you be a stupid bitch . * alex with you interest at heart . * michael who know about this ? alex a select few -- michael but enough for a leak -- alex it seem some idiot at the studio - * - recognize we designate ... * performer ... michael '' performer '' alex -- evidently they see he enter the studio with we officer , tweet a photo and the online * hivemind do the math . we could not * have foreseen th -- michael ( coldly ) so it would seem . there 's a ping . Tom bilce check he blackberry . tom it 's not play well . michael with who ? tom with anyone . 59 scene omitted 59 60 scene omitted 60 61 scene omitted 61 Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 42 . 61a I /e . CITY - montage - day 1 61a more radio phone - in over shot of bustle . but people be stop to listen now . woman caller if he do not do it , he 's a killer . bob the Prime Minister ? woman caller as good as . bob have to say I be with you there . 62 i/e. ukn news package - day 1 . 62 we come in halfway through a ukn News report fronted by damon , the reporter from earlier . Archive shot of the door of number 10 down Street . a still of the pm , and a pie chart depict a statistic . or damon outside downing STREET . damon ( v.o. ) just a few hour ago public opinion be behind Prime Minister callow , with only 8 % of the public believe he should fulfill the bizarre and illegal request . then shot of the ' finger 's video , and a still photo of the finger -- close up on the ring , with graphic bit pixellate out . damon ( v.o. ) but in the wake of this image and the delivery of the princess 's severe finger to ukn , the mood be shifting . at which point it cut to more vox pop . busy London street . first up , a female shopper in she early 5as . Middle class type . shopper it would be humiliate but it 's nothing compare to she suffer . damon ( 0.s. ) so you think Mr. callow should comply with the demand ? shopper well I do not see what choice he have . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 43 . hard yet sloppy news - style cut : to a doncaster couple in they early forty , out in London for the day . the woman 's a bit more outgo than the man . doncaster woman he 's get to do it . he 's just get to do it . doncaster man he 's get to . doncaster woman it 's a woman 's life . then we cut again : next vox pop be from a late-forty cab driver . a bit talksport . cabbie I will not watch but if callow do not do it , he 's let that girl die . to save he own dignity , right ? but how much dignity be he gonna have , with the whole country know he could have save she ? at this point we cut to ... 63 scene omitted 63 64 int . downing STREET briefing room - continuous . day 1 . 64 ++. to reveal Tom bilce , the pm , and Alex be watch the same ukn News report in Alex 's office . on the screen , damon 's do a walky - talky piece to camera in a busy street . damon ( on screen ) Online poll suggest 86 % of voter now believe the demand should be meet . Tom bilce switch it off . Michael stare at the screen like he 's just experience a haunt . then he turn on he heel into -- 64a int . downing STREET corridor - continuous . day 1 . 64 a we follow , as do Alex and Tom , as the pm stalk down the corridor toward the press room with the operation screen . Alex and Tom go with he ... michael when be Walker 's team hit the college ? Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 44 , alex they need more time to assemb -- michael it 's almost half two -- no more pissing around . alex Julian 's advise against ( anything hasty ) -- michael and I be advise for . they go in now . by now they have reach the PRESS room -- everyone look round at the pm michael ( cont 'd ) they go in now . 65 ext . buckinghamshire road - day 1 65 the ukn News van be park at the side of a country road -- fairly remote , with wood either side . there 's a cameraman beside it get he gear out of the van , check tape etc . 66 ext . buckinghamshire wood - moment later . day 1 . 66 malaika be by a wire fence , peer over it . a distance away be the suspect college building . she look at it , pick up she phone and hit a button . 66a int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 66a martin 's phone ring -- he answer it . martin where 's my obit vt ? 66b ext . buckinghamshire wood - continuous . day 1 . 66 B malaika what would you say if I tell you I be stand near the building where susannah 's be hold ? 67 int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 67 martin sit up . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 45 . 68 69 69a 70 71 72 martin I would say bullshit . ( beat ) you have get a crew with you ? ext . buckinghamshire road - continuous . day 1 . 68 malaika be pass back toward the van . malaika I be not stupid -- but then she stop dead . she 's look ahead at the van , where two armed police be talk to the cameraman . from they gesture it 's clear they be arrest he . martin ( on phone ) malaika ? hello ? without speak she sneak back toward the wire fence . scene omitted 69 ext . buckinghamshire field - day 1 69a the strike team be stalking toward the college building , sneaking round corner , give each other signal . ext . perimeter of college - continuous . day 1. 70 Quick shot : malaika clamber over the wire fence , make she way toward the college . she 's look at a window of the building , hold the phone up , filming what she can see . she now have a earpiece in . malaika ( hushed ) you better be get this . int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 71 malaika 's image be visible on a laptop . martin yes ; but stay back : do not put yourself in danger . ext . perimeter of college - continuous . day 1 . 72 malaika think she 's spot something at the window -- a movement . a shadow perhaps . she move a little closer . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 46 . 73 ext . buckinghamshire field - day 1 73 more of the strike team be move in . 74 int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 . 74 the pm and he team be seat in precisely the same formation as Obama watch the OBL hit , watch this unfold on the screen . Alex sit where Hilary Clinton do . Michael be a picture of concentration . alex Michael , if this do not -- Michael put a hand up to silence she . alex ( cont 'd ) we need to -- the hand again . Alex shut up ; fish out she phone . 75 int . studio - continuous . day 1 . 75 there 's hardly anyone here but callett and browne . callett 's phone 's blip . he look at it ; then at browne . callett Radio down to the truck . get the vet and the handler ready . 76 ext . college exterior - day 1 76 the strike team be in position around the building . either side of a door . one soldier hunch down beneath a break window . wait for Walker to give a signal . which he do . foom - the hunch soldier bung a flashbang through the break window . Bright white light and smoke : they storm in . 77 int . college - continuous . day 1 . 77 Chaos and smoke as we watch from a helmet cam . shout -- lot of shouting -- from the officer . 78 int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 . 78 the footage be be stream live to the screen in the briefing room -- the footage break up , pixillate . Michael , Alex , Tom , Julian : everyone watch be silent , stare at the screen as though watch 9 / 11 unfold again . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 47 . 79 ext . college perimeter - continuous . day 1 . 79 on the other side of the building , malaika be hold she iphone up , try to film through a window use facetime . 80 int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 80 Martin and shelly be watch malaika 's footage -- shaky , blurry , blocky , chaotic , on a monitor in the ukn News Gallery . 81 int . college - continuous . day 1 . 81 the smoke clear . Walker and team look around . this room be empty . except , in its centre , a inflatable sex doll ina tiara . there 's a laptop nearby . Walker look defeat . 82 int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 . 82 Walker address the special officer 's helmet cam . WALKER it 's a decoy . probably bounce the upload from here with a proxy . they could be anywhere . Michael sit stare at the screen in silence . Julian look distinctly uncomfortable . but just then , behind Walker ... 83 int . college - continuous . day 1 . 83 «+. one of the soldier spot malaika 's phone be hold aloft at the window . soldier tango ! WALKER weapon free . Walker spin around . run for the rear of the building . 84 ext . college perimeter - continuous . day 1 . 84 Walker burst through the rear door , gun draw . malaika start run . WALKER halt ! Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 48 . malaika do not stop . Walker aim at she leg ; squint down the barrel . fire . malaika go down . Walker run toward she . 85 int . ukn news gallery - continuous . day 1 . 85 Martin and shelly can not make out what 's go on from malaika 's feed . 86 ext . college perimeter - continuous . day 1 . 86 malaika be on the ground , wail and clutching she leg . Walker , stand , have prise the phone from she . WALKER you press ? malaika ( through agony ) yes ! Walker toss malaika 's phone to the ground and shoot it . WALKER there go you rts award . 87 int . downing STREET PRESS office - continuous . day 1 . 87 the down Street team be try to make out what the hell 's go on -- it 's chaos on the screen . soldier ( 0.s. ) suspect down I repeat suspect down . michael be it he ? have they get he ? on the screen , the helmet cam soldier move closer to malaika . Tom bilce recognize she . tom ukn . malaika something . she 's from ukn . soldier ( 0.s. ) it 's just press sir , collateral . medic ! Michael slump . michael there must be something -- alex there 's nothing there Michael . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - michael there will be a clue , some evidence ... he look to Julian , as if for help . julian we have do all w( e can ) -- michael you send a strike team in to rescue a blow - up doll . julian look , Michael , I be sorry -- michael fuck off Julian . alex Michael , it 's twenty past three , we be out of time . Michael punch the table . michael we be not out of time ! ( look around , faintly hysterical ) we be not out of time ! 49 . but everyone else in the room be look at they shoe , even Julian . because they be out of time . and everyone know it . michael exit . Alex move after he . 87a int . downing STREET briefing room 87a Michael be chew a nail , stand by a window . Alex enter , follow by Tom . Tom sheepishly sit at the far end , almost embarrassed to be there . Alex go to stand behind Michael . he sense she there . michael it 's not go to happen . alex to the public -- michael fuck the public ! * + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 49n. alex to the public , this would be one man of -- to be blunt -- questionable popularity , choose personal embarrassment over the life of a young girl . michael he will not even release she anyway ! she 's probably already dead ! alex and if she be not , he 'il kill she and upload the video . Michael blanch . Alex turn the screw . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 50 . 88 alex ( cont 'd ) everyone will see it . the world will see it . the mood will border on insurrection and you will be destroy , I guarantee you : utterly destroy . michael look to Tom -- maybe he can throw he a line . tom the polling bear that out . alex you will not just be a disgrace politician , but a despise individual . the public , the palace and the party insist on compliance . michael fuck the party , I be not goi -- alex refuse and I have be advise we cannot guarantee you physical safety . or that of you family . michael but -- alex I have make arrangement for the broadcast . michael I can not -- alex I be sorry Michael . it 's out of you hand . end of part three i/e. ukn news newsroom - day 1 88 we slam into a break news report from ukn News : a mix of studio piece to camera , vt and live footage . lot of thing happen at once . gfx : breaking news fullscreen strap straight into aerial shot of Central London , take from a chopper . a black limo accompany by police bike . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 51 . lucinda just take you live now to the scene in Central London -- we understand the Prime Minister 's car leave down Street via a rear exit a few minute ago and appear to be head west ... 89 int . hospital casualty area - day 1 89 the gang be watch this on screen . total disbelief . pike ( laugh ) he 's go to do it . brian the world 's bloody break . 90 int . electrical showroom - day 1 90 we're in a huge branch of dixon or curry 's . a wall of whopping great brand new plasma screen all tune to ukn News . the occasional mesmerise shopper . lucinda ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) the entourage appear to be head to bankside studios . 91 I /e. official car - day 1 91 in the back seat , flanke by Alex and Tom , Michael be sit like a man be drive to the gallow . his phone ring . he look at it . it 's jane . he switch it off . 92 int . downing STREET bedroom - continuous . day 1 . 92 Jane in tear , look at she phone . call denied . 93 ext . nash arm pub - day 1 93 the pub be almost overflow . people squeezing to get in the door . outside , a chalkboard advertising with a not-too-shabby ( but not too professional ) chalk sketch of a pig . above it : watch it here . below it : on our big screen . 94 int . nash arm pub - continuous . day 1 . 94 stand room only in here . the light be slightly dimme and the window shutter -- because on the wall , a big projection screen be show the Prime Minister 's car . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 52 . lot of excitable chatter from customer . the odd gag , the occasional sharp word . tension and excitement . sonia be serve drink . there 's a blackboard behind the bar with various odd chalk up . stuff like ' pm vomit - 4/1 's 95 I /e. official car - day 1 95 the pm look dead already . alex we have ratify the law . after midnight , it 's a criminal offence to store any recording or still image of the event . Michael nod , not listen . tom they be do a announcement beforehand ward people off even watch . some sort of sonic tone that cause nausea . 96 I /e. ukn news newsroom - day 1 96 we be watch part of a ukn News package again . News ticker along the bottom , break news strap : pm arrive at bankside studio . a aerial shot of the studio . chatter from the anchor , lucinda . ( see page 15 of gfx script for full text ) lucinda «+. as the deadline near speculation be mount as to whether we be move toward some kind of endgame ... and just to remind you this be now a story of global significance ... Shots of New yorker in Times Square watch a US affiliate station relaying ukn News 's footage of the studio on a huge screen . lucinda ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) -.. with a audience of billion watch Britain this be the scene in Times Square ... meanwhile ... blurry cameraphone shot of iranian protester -- some appear to be burn papier mache pig lucinda ( cont 'd ) ... in Iran people appear to be take to the street , although it 's not yet clear whether they be protest or celebrate ... Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 53 . 97 I /e . bankside studio - day 1 97 the car be park outside the studio complex . in the back , the pm sit with he head in he hand . Tom bilce be read from a post - broadcast statement he have prepare . tom '' Michael callow have display incredible bravery in what be literally a matter of life or death . '' that 's how we open , then we move on to -- Michael put a hand up : stop . tom ( cont 'd ) okay . yeah . outside the car , Alex be whisper with callett alex everything in place ? callett yes sir . alex it 's sedate ? callett injection . it 's docile . Alex pat he on the arm . then open the car door . alex ( softly ) it 's time to go in now . Michael look up . he be in tear . 98 int . nash arm pub - day 1 98 hubbub -- the tv be still show ukn News 's bankside studios shot . then suddenly , a abrupt cut to black . the pub fall silent . a caption on the tv read : official announcement announcer this be a official announcement . in a few minute the Prime Minister will perform a indecent act on you screen . there 's a cheer . behind the bar , sonia 's son have reappear from upstairs . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 54 . 98a 99 100 101 102 102a 103 104 announcer ( cont ’d ) this be in accordance with the kidnapper 's demand , in the hope that it will ensure the safe release of princess susannah . int . electrical showroom - day 1 98a the announcement be play on every screen . staff and shopper alike have ground to a gormless , hypnotise halt . announcer the broadcast will contain strong scene of a sexual nature which some may find disturbing . int . workshop - continuous . day 1 . 99 the man in overall be also watch . he 's put down he material . still have glove on . announcer all viewer be advise to turn off they television immediately . scene omitted 100 int . kieran & lauren 's bedroom - continuous . day 1 . 101 kieran have not get out of bed all day . kieran pfft ! he hit ' record 's on the tivo remote . scene omitted 102 scene omitted 102a scene omitted 103 scene omitted 104 + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 55 . 105 106 107 108 int . hospital casualty area - continuous . day 1 . 105 by now what look like the entire hospital . nurse , support staff , doctor ... all gather round the tv watch the broadcast . there 's almost a party atmosphere . announcer it be also illegal to allow child to view this broadcast . we see two orderlies push malaika on a trolley -- they 106 stop to watch . she try lift she head but can not quite see over the front orderly 's back . she drop she head back down , frustrated and in pain . announcer ( cont ’d ) the broadcast will commence after the follow tone . suddenly , a pierce tone -- like a rape alarm , come out of the tv . everyone cover they ear . int . nash arm pub - continuous . day 1 . 107 everyone clutches they ear -- a few drop glass . sonia hit the mute button on the remote . sigh of relief . int . bankside studio - corridor - moment later . day 1 . 108 like a crush man be lead to the gallow , Michael pass through corridor with Alex and Tom beside he . it 's almost dreamlike . a official pass he a small blue pill and a cup of water . Michael take the pill , neck the water , pass the cup back . alex we be comply with all the stipulate rule , so you will have to keep ... you have to see it through to the end . Michael keep walk . alex ( cont 'd ) we have place visual aid -- pornography -- in you eyeline which might ... help . that will not be on camera . Michael keep walk . % + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 56 . alex ( cont 'd ) the suggestion we be get from psychologist be that you should take as long as you need -- to rush could be misinterpreted as eagerness or even enjoyment . by chance they pass rod senseless , who be be ushere in the opposite direction by browne . rod immediately peel off , shaking off browne , follow the pm rod Sir ? few tip if I may . alex ( to security ) get he out of here . rod I have not do this but it 's my line of work so to speak . alex get he out . Michael stop walk and look at Rod 's kind , open face . he 's the only person look he in the eye . michael ( to Rod ) go on . rod ( quickly ) alright -- you body , you corporeal form , it 's a extension of you , but it 's not you . it 's not you . you be in there . ( point to Michael 's head ) everything else be out here where it can not touch you . all of this be mile away . and you can travel further , in you head . fly into yourself . you will feel shame : just ride it , like a wave . it ’1ll help carry you . Michael nod . rod ( cont 'd ) at the end of the day , you be save a life . and any cunt laugh at you be just a cunt laugh at you . they be nothing . they be no-one . Michael look at Rod . and hold he hand out . Rod accept it . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 57 . 109 112 113 114 michael thank you . and then he move around the corner , to be face by the studio door . the red light be on . alex we will stay out here . it 's just a skeleton crew inside . close set . michael move toward the door and push it open , like he 's step into some awful narnia ... int . studio - continuous . day 1 . 109 Michael pass through the backstage area , turn a corner and there it be . a pig , tethere to a weight on the ground . Michael look giddy for a moment . behind the animal be a huge plasma screen , show pornography ( naked human , no pig ) . also : a cameraman with a hand hold camera . int . generic office - day 1 110 the kind of office you get all over London . desert . ext . manchester STREET - day 1 111 there 's no - one on the street . not one person . ext . bristol STREET - day 1 112 or here . ext . another STREET - day 1 113 or here . the entire nation be like a ghost town . int . nash arm pub - moment later . day 1 . 114 suddenly the black screen be replace by a shot of the studio . the pm be stand behind the pig . a almighty cheer go up . sonia hit the unmute button . michael turn to the lens , but do not make eye contact with it . michael I trust this will bring about the safe return of susannah . I -- * Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 58 . 115 int . hospital casualty area - continuous . day 1 . 115 the gang here be watch the same scene . lot of hospital staff have assemble . malaika still can not see . on screen , Michael search for something to say , word drying in he throat . michael I love my wife . lauren awww . Pike snort at that . michael May God forgive I . and he reach for he belt . 116 int . nash arm pub - continuous . day 1 . 116 as the pm reach for he belt onscreen , a storm of amazement , laughter , shock , rise up in the pub . we pan across watch they face in slow motion as wave of different reaction flow across they . we see disbelief . hysteria . revulsion . amusement . 117 scene omitted 117 118 int . kieran & lauren 's bedroom 118 kieran be astound by what he 's watch . 119 scene omitted 119 120 int . downing STREET bedroom - day 1 120 Jane sit on the bed , hold a baby . the tv be off . 121 int . workshop - day 1 121 overall man be look at he small tv screen , while do something with a rope . he also drag a chair into position . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 58a . 122 123 int . hospital casualty area - day 1 122 lot of face watch . some be laugh , but all can barely believe it . various reaction : lauren feel sick , Pike be laugh , Brian be shaking he head . scene omitted 123 Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 59 . 124 125 126 127 128 129 ext . outside tate modern - continuous . day 1 . 124 * we be behind a woman . a young woman , in a expensive dress , * walk in a slow - mo daze . * the woman walk out into a desert South Bank and look * around . it 's princess susannah . she seem drugge or sedate . there be absolutely no - one around . she stagger , fall to she knee . and get up . int . workshop - continuous . day 1 . 125 * on a small tv we see the pm 's sweat , tear -streak face ... and pan across , behind the canvas , which we still do not see , to find a body close to the lens , apparently twist as though suspend . it 's in paint-spatter overall . one of the hand have a severe , bandage stump in place of a finger . in the background we can see a laptop . * int . nash arm pub - day 1 126 the face have turn more solemn . some look almost bored , flat or sad . the place have thin out a bit -- not a lot , but a bit . int . hospital casualty area - day 1 127 * even pike be look morose . brian glance at he watch and back at the screen . brian Jesus , poor bastard . lauren lift a remote -- go to switch the tv off . pike * stop she . lauren * it 's be over a hour . pike it 's history , this . ext . nash arm pub - evening 1 128 establisher -- the light have change -- look like quite some time have pass . int . nash arm pub - evening 1 129 the pub have thin out . the tv 's still on but everyone watch it look sad and drain . haunted , almost . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 60 . there 's a expression play across they face -- a sort of final pinch of disgust mix with the end of a disappoint goalless draw . one guy with a pint talk to he friend : bloke least it 's over with . 130 ext . millennium bridge - evening 1 130 slow mo . a group of concerned passer - by be gather around someone on the floor . it 's princess susannah . a policeman be push he way through . 131 int . bankside studio toilet - evening 1 131 a poky communal gent toilet cubicle in which Michael be be violently sick , cry and wiping he nose . 132 int . bankside studio corridor - evening 1 132 outside , Alex wait with a couple of officer . the sound of the pm 's vomit leak through the door . suddenly Alex feel she phone vibrate . she answer it . 133 int . hospital corridor - evening 1 133 WALKER be in a hospital area ; nurse etc . pass in b/g . WALKER she 's back sir , we have get she . susannah . 134 int . bankside studio corridor - continuous . evening 1 . 134 alex they release she ? she signal to Tom bilce - gesture a thumb up . Tom look as relieved as a man who 's just discover the moon be not about to crash into the planet after all . alex ( cont 'd ) where ? 135 int . hospital corridor - continuous . evening 1 . 135 WALKER slap bang in the city . stumble around -- sedate -- she can not remember anything . but she 's unharme . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 136 137 138 139 140 int . bankside studio corridor - continuous . evening 1 . alex but the finger -- int . hospital corridor - continuous . evening 1 . WALKER not hers . DNA show it 's male . int . bankside studio corridor - continuous . evening 1 . alex what -- int . hospital corridor - continuous . evening 1 . WALKER that 's not all mar ’am . she have be walk around for some time . alex what do you mean , ' some time 's ? WALKER there 's a cctv grab of she from half three . he let she go 30 minute before it happen . int . bankside studio corridor - continuous . evening 1. alex why ? WALKER ( on phone ) my guess ? he know everyone would be elsewhere . watch screen . 61 . 136 137 138 139 140 Alex digest that . a almost holy expression of recognition spread across she face . alex so it 's a statement . WALKER ma ' be ? alex ( to no - one in particular ) that 's what this be all about . about make a point . * + eh Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 141 141a 142 143 WALKER should we -- alex ( lowering voice ) lose that page of the report . no - one know . especially the pm . WALKER of course . Alex hang up . compose herself , clear she throat , knock on Michael 's dress room door . alex good news Michael . int . bankside studio toilet - continuous . evening 1 Michael be on the floor by the toilet . Alex call to alex ( muffle ) you save she . susannah 's alive and well . Michael feel nothing . on the floor , he phone ring it 's Jane . he look at it . but do not answer . int . downing STREET bedroom - continuous . evening 1. jane , in tear , listen to the phone ring and not at this point , the credit start to cut in - as stil damon 's voice continue across the credit -- no mus follow epilogue be thread between they . i/e. ukn news studio - day 2 . then we cut to footage of Michael on the campaign tr Jane by he side . look round a community project , damon ( v.o. ) on the one year anniversary of he humiliate ordeal , a apparently unconcern Michael callow put in a assure performance at a public appearance today , accompany by he wife Jane .... scene omitted 62 . * * * and . 141 him. again . 141a * answer . * 1 board . * ic . the * 142 ail , with nodd . * 143 Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 143a 144 145 int . nash arm - continuous . day 2 . in the pub , a few disinterested drinker . the smaller portable telly be display the news report . damon ( v.o. ) «+. during a visit to a community project in lincoln . int . hospital casualty area - continuous . day 2 . 63. 143a 144 a few staff , include lauren , be chat , ignore the news report on the screen behind they on the screen we cut to footage of princess susannah -- who be now lightly pregnant and at a red carpet event . damon the other central figure in last year 's event be also before the camera , at last night 's Children of valour award ; princess susannah make she first public appearance since announce she pregnancy . slow zoom on still of the artist stand in he workshop . we also see slow - mo footage of the artist from a Culture show episode , in slow mo , in he studio . this footage loop . damon ( cont 'd ) ( over this footage ) it be one year ago today that former Turner prize-winn artist carlton Bloom coerce the Prime Minister into commit a indecent act with the audacious kidnap . int . kieran & lauren 's bedroom - continuous . day 2 . kieran sit with he back to the tv play a handheld 145 videogame , ignore the telly , upon which we see damon do a walky - talky link in the alleyway susannah wander through . damon immediately after release she from he South Bank studio , Bloom hang himself , leave behind a note declare what have occur to be he final artwork . Black Mirror ' the National anthem ' - pink script - 1/8/2011 - 64 . 146 147 i/e. ukn news report - continuous . day 2 . 146 damon ( v.o. ) as the anniversary arrive , one art critic have cause controversy by describe it as the first great artwork of the 21st century . shot of a shaven - head art critic with even twattier glass . a caption read ' gregory dyce , Art in Review 's greg there 's no rule that say art must be admirable or even enjoyable . the best art often unsettle we , which this certainly do . and of course it be the single biggest artistic collaboration in history , one in which all of we take part . shot of Michael and he wife -- he arm around she waist -- wave to the camera outside number ten , then go in . damon ( v.o. ) but while cultural commentator debate its artistic worth , there 's no deny the incident fail to destroy a Prime Minister who currently hold a approval rating 3 point higher than this time last year . damon Brown , ukn . as he say this , Michael & Jane shut the door of number ten . int . number ten entrance - day 2 . 147 the door have just shut behind Michael and Jane . her face go cold the moment the door shut . she push he arm off she and walk up the stair . and he look up at she , as she go . but she do not look back . television programme end here