black rain by Craig bolotin &amp ; Warren Lewis November 1987 a black screen : various voice : " Big six " ... " that 's six the hard way " ... " Seven or eleven " ... " play two " ... fade in : ext . upper east side - new york CITY - night one of the pristine block of brownstone where even the garbage seem gift wrap . the voice continue over as we move in on a particular building where a doorman be hold open the door for a dowager and she poodle . the voice continue : " hit I " ... " double down " ... " let it ride " ... " hit I " ... " anymore for the come out " ... " Card " ... in contrast to the outside of this sedate , quiet brownstone , we go inside to find ... int . brownstone apartment ... a miniature Las Vegas , complete with music , drink , tuxedoe dealer and croupier : roulette , crap , Black Jack . Wall to wall people . the fact that casino gambling happen to be illegal in New York do not stop this Connecticut slummer , hollow - cheek nightlifer , and junior wiseguy from have a good time . at the card table nick conklin , hold a dollar cigar , be try to pull a win hand . in he late thirty , Nick have the sort of quiet good look that take a extra glance to appreciate . his moe ginsburg rent -a- tux be too tight , he ruffle shirt , out of date ; Nick could care less . two other player be still in the game . one of they be a lithe debutante surround by a entourage of giggle friend and tuxedoe man . the pot be huge . Nick flip two one hundred dollar chip onto the pot . nick one , and one on top . dealer House see . player one ( hesitates ) I be out . disgust , he throw down he card . it 's down to Nick and the debutante . the cocky deb give Nick a long look , confident she can win . debutante ( she eye still on Nick ) I see the deuce , and one to chase they home . she throw she chip on the pot . Nick hesitates , then decide to match it . nick call . debutante ( show she hand ) lady , ace wire . sorry sport . Nick turn over he card , jack and ten , not good enough to win . elate , the deb get up from the table and join she giggle friend . Nick walk over to she . nick very nice , barbie . ( point toward she boyfriend ) now , I would take Ken over there and go home . debutante why 's that ? nick it 's time . that 's all . boyfriend the lady want to play . someone should teach you to be a better loser , loser . nick listen , Ken -- boyfriend my name be not Ken -- nick -- I be offer you the benefit of my experience . debutante look like you have a lot of experience in place like this . it be nice of they to relax the dress code for you . that draw a laugh from she friend . the entourage head for the bar . charlie skloaris , twenty - three , step in front of the debutante , block she path . she step to the side . Charlie step with she . Charlie 's push it , he 's always push it . she 's not amused . finally , Charlie let she pass . he come up to Nick . charlie typical New York woman , big attitude , small apartment , no tit . only two thing count to Charlie : he job and he woman , but not necessarily in that order . charlie I think she get to you , pappy . nick ( check he watch ) you want a popsicle , go to good humor . and do not call I ' pappy . ' charlie ( glance at the door ) still , you gotta wonder how she would look in handcuffs . Nick , wary , eye this kid . Charlie shrug , spread he arm defensively . the SOUND of pound on the front door . the door splinter . the bouncer step back as four helmete emergency service officer -- the first member of the raid party -- rush in . pandemonium . people rush for the exit -- any exit . at the bar Nick and Charlie hold up they glass . nick ( calmly ) alley oop . they down they drink , then set they down . Charlie pull out the binaca , offer Nick a spritz , but Nick be already pull out he police badge and hang it around he neck . Charlie quickly follow suit . a half dozen cop line the patron up against the wall . the asst. d.a. , patty zachara , climb onto the crap table . a petite , nervous woman , Patty have dress in a Channel suit for the occasion . zachara settle down . hey , quiet ... please . not a prayer . nick shut the hell up , goddamnit ! that quiet they . nick my name be conklin . let 's do this fast so I can go home . Zachara , annoyed , look at Nick . nick ( softer ) it 's all yours . zachara ( read ) under section 216 of the New York State penal code , I serve notice that this premise and it 's occupant ... nick catch the debutante 's eye across the room . she smile at he , he be right . he shrug , spread he hand . that 's life . a well groom middle age man , who we will come to know as cavello , suddenly bolt from the crowd line up against the wall . Charlie spin around to stop he -- charlie whoa -- where do you think you be go , hotdog . cavello butt he with he head , send Charlie to the floor . then , cross he arm in front of he face and plunge through the window . Nick , not miss a beat , give a small sigh as he follow . nick ( sigh ) fabulous ... he take off after he . ext . STREET upper east side - night Nick , short of breath , chase cavello down the residential street , past the dog-walker , past the doormen , past the fur-coate woman climb out of taxie ... unfortunately , cavello have a good half block on he . from nowhere , Charlie blast past leave Nick a half block behind , silently cursing he age . at the corner a limo jerk to a halt , and cavello jump in . the limo streak away . charlie turn to see Nick , hand on knee , gasp for air . CUT to : int . locker room - two EIGHT precinct - night now in they street clothes , Charlie and Nick stand in front of the mirror . Charlie be work he brush and hair dryer as if he life depend on it . Nick , in contrast , shove he hair back with he finger and glower at himself in the mirror . charlie ( over the dryer ) ... it 's not like you be slow or anything ... I think you do just fine . I think you do great . nick thanks . Nick turn to leave . charlie hey , hey , where you goin ' ? nick Home . ext . police parking lot - night Nick stride out the door . Charlie hurry after he . charlie wait up . you know the guy who do the weismuller through the window -- nick -- cavello . ronnie cavello . Charlie trail Nick to he motorcycle : a harley hog complete with wide gleam fender and twin tank . the bike be hold together with tape and baling wire . charlie you know he ? Nick try to kick -start this behemoth , but it 's not easy . nick he work for Frank abolofia . Atlantic City . casino . charlie so why dive through the glass for a nickel and dime bust ? Charlie put he foot up on Nick 's fender to tie he shoe . Nick , spot a ankle holster peek from Charlie 's sock , grab Charlie 's foot . Charlie teeter . nick what 's this ? charlie let go ... Nick pull out a beretta 32 . charlie back-up . nick get rid of it . charlie why ? nick it 's not regulation . and the only way you be gonna stop anybody with it be to show it to he , and while he 's laugh , you can shove it down he throat . charlie ( look at Nick 's bike ) I will get rid of it when you get rid of the egg-beater . the harley come to life spitting a cloud of blue smoke . Nick put on he paint-flecked helmet , slide down some ski goggle . charlie Nick , let 's go hunt . bag cavello . nick Charlie ... Nick pop the bike into gear . nick ... you still get shave cream on you ear . Nick roll out and disappear in a haze of blue smoke . ext . belt parkway - verrazano bridge - night we find Nick , a lonely , solitary figure bob in and out of the light and shadow . the SOUND of wind whip through he helmet ; cold air sting he cheek ... the tail light of Nick 's bike disappear into the night . ext . suburban STREET - staten island - night Civil service heaven . Nick hit the cut switch and glide past the manicure lawn and well keep house of this development . a basketball net in every driveway , a buick or Chrysler in every garage . one house stick out . the lawn be brown , paint be peel off the garage door and newspaper be scattered on the driveway . Nick glide once around the cul de sac look at the house . his house . it 's as invite as a open grave . he shoot away . int . EL GRECO diner - staten island - night a hanger size roadhouse , wall to wall red velvet . Nick 's the sole figure at the counter , coffee and the Daily News in front of he . a nurse walk in and sit down a half dozen seat away . Nick look up . nick short shift ? connie yeah ... I come to save you . if you be hopeless , I will pull the plug . CUT to : int . connie' apartment - bedroom - night Nick and connie be in bed . they be both look up at the ceiling . they have just make love . connie it 's get too cold even for I , Nick . nick connie ... connie all right , how 's the new partner ? nick High spirit , desire , commitment . connie you will take care of that . nick give I a break , would you ? connie if you give I one . Nick kiss she . the first suggestion of real affection . the SOUND of someone knocking on the door . reluctantly , they stop . connie get up and put on she robe . nick be you expect anyone ? connie I be not expect you . she disappear down the hallway . we hear the door open , then tell someone to wait . connie ( poke she head in the room ) imagine a small , greasy Boy scout . CUT to : int . connie' apartment Nick , wear only he pants , be do a slow burn . Charlie be hold he hand up defensively . charlie ... I find the goombah ... cavello . he 's -- nick -- I should tear you head off . charlie whoa , I know you be go to say that . I absolutely anticipate that , Nick . but I say to myself , Charlie , Charlie , we can move up on this , so go find Nicklaus ... he will be piss for a moment , but then it will dawn on he -- nick -- hey , I get a better chance of be hit by a bus then move up . Charlie look away momentarily , let it slide . he know he 's on sensitive ground . charlie ... look ... they tell I at the Greek 's you be here . I be sorry , I never imagine ... charlie ( buddy buddy ) I like she . she 's nice . ( lowering he voice ) for she age . the bedroom door open . connie enter , dump Nick 's clothes on the couch , toss he gun on top of the pile . without a word , she go back inside and slam the door behind she . Nick , piss , slowly turn to face Charlie . Charlie shrug . Nick 's get nothing better to do than go . CUT to : int . lime house - chinatown - night the lime House be a little piece of Italy in the heart of Chinatown , and tonight , it 's pack . any selection on the jukebox that be not Frank Sinatra be Jerry vale . behind the bar be two fat brother . one pour drink , the other dish out scungilli . it 's three a.m . it 's always three a.m. at the lime House . at the back table we man cavello be unload steaming scungilli onto a already heaping plate in front of a imperious look japanese man . the japanese man , in he mid-fifty , wear a gray suit , and not a strand of he jet black hair be out of place . a japanese translator , do he best to translate cavello 's heavily accented English , sit between they . at the bar Charlie be look straight ahead , afraid cavello might peg he . Nick be at ease . charlie what be they do now ? nick eat scungilli , just like the last time you ask . charlie who do you think the jap be ? nick maybe cavello 's buy a subaru . how would I know ? charlie I do not blame you for be sore . it will pass when we bag he . Charlie , try to relax , gesture toward he foot . charlie whatdaya think ? ' bostonian ' . eighty - five buck . ( lowering he voice ) Girls go for shoe . second place they look . ( off Nick 's reaction ) hey , I read it in a magazine . Nick 's attention be draw to a trio walk in the door . nick ( dead serious ) Charlie , do not do anything . promise I ? charlie what ? what they see : two bodyguard be make a quick sweep of the bar . frank abolofia , 's stocky man with silver grey hair , sweep in behind they . abolofia have mitt like a meat packer and a fifty dollar manicure . a heavyweight mafioso . nick Frank abolofia . charlie the Wolf ? abolofia walk to cavello 's table . all rise and shake hand . the two hitter take seat at the bar . the two brother scramble to serve they distinguished guest . nick ( in a whisper ) some party . charlie maybe we should do something ? nick Charlie , take you gum , stick it under you ass and keep it warm . Nick turn away , resume he drink . nick's Pov in the mirror behind the bar : two new japanese man step in the door . early twenty , spiky hair , dark versace suit . number one wear tortoise shell shade . he coolly check out the room then nod to -- number two who pull a spas 12 , automatic shotgun from under he coat , and spit out three round . a window shatter . everyone hit the floor . number one slowly walk toward cavello 's table . number two cover the floor . abolofia 's bodyguard show they empty hand . nick and charlie on the floor . they do not have the artillery for this guy either . at the table we japanese businessman know this people . he eye they contemptuously . abolofia have put enough people in this situation to be philosophical about it . he stop chew . a tiny hand motion to he bodyguard be enough to stop any precipitous action . number one ( in japanese ) give it to I . the japanese businessman look straight ahead . a long , silent pause ... then , still not face he : businessman ( in japanese ) go to hell . number one slip he finger beneath he shade , massage he eye . in a flash , he pull a shuto from under he coat . the 18 inch blade gleam like a neon tube . he press the tip of the blade against the businessman 's throat . charlie he hand close around the grip of the beretta . he unsnap the ankle holster . the SNAP can be hear across the room . Nick 's hand close around Charlie 's and squeeze till the knuckle turn white . charlie ( in a whisper ) what be you do ? nick save you life . number two level the scattergun at Nick and Charlie . at the table - number one calmly hold the blade at the man 's throat as he reach into the man 's jacket and remove a small , rectangular , plastic - wrap parcel . he feel its weight , then flip it to number two . abolofia , realize that whatever be go on do not affect he or he , resume eat . abolofia you people be wild ... Wild . number one back the blade off . the man raise he napkin to the small wound . a droplet of blood have stain he shirt collar . number one turn around as if to leave . what happen next could be a whim , a after think . number one spin around and thrust the blade deep into the man 's chest . he withdraw it with a half twist , and in the same motion fatally slashes the translator 's throat before the old man 's body hit the floor . blood pour from the businessman 's mouth onto he scungilli , spread across the white cloth and onto the floor . cavello reach for a gun under he coat . but number two pump two round into he face . at this range , there 's not much leave . the killer slowly back out the door , cover the room with the scattergun . the minute the door shut , Nick leap up , pull he shield and revolver . nick ( shouting ) Police officer . everybody stay put . ( to Charlie ) get back up . abolofia 's eyebrow rise at this development . Nick bolt out the door leave Charlie in charge . he 's never be in charge before . charlie ( nervously show shield ) Police . ext . the lime house - night a lincoln tear around the corner to pick the killer up . Nick fly out the lime House door and hit the ground . number two pump out shell as fast as he can squeeze the trigger . he 's wild . the front window of the lime House shatter . the limo driver jerk to a halt . number two toss the package to he . Nick empty he revolver . number two go down . the driver floor the accelerator , leave number one to take off on foot . Nick follow , reloading as he run . int . the lime house everyone 's freeze on the floor . charlie call 911 . tell they a officer need assistance . say ten thirteen . nothing from the owner who look at abolofia . Charlie grab the owner by he collar and shove he toward the phone . charlie do it , you dumb bastard ! suddenly Charlie feel something wet at he foot . he look down to see that he 's stand in a pool of blood from the massacre . so much for he new shoe . he wheel around , then quickly back out the door . ext . STREET - down the block from the lime house desert . the wail of police siren in the distance . Charlie have he gun out . he 's drench in sweat . where be he partner ? charlie nick ...! shit ... shit !! CUT to : another STREET - alley - night Nick , gun draw , slowly round the corner to the alley : it 's the ad hoc drugstore for the night . drug go up and down in pail , two dozen junky buy , shoot , slump on the ground . everyone scatter -- the one 's that can . a abandoned pail swing slowly back and forth from three storey up . Nick cautiously move down the alley , hold the gun in both hand . a junkie step out of a doorway , Nick swing he gun and nearly blow he away . number one we see he eye first as he step out of the darkness at the back of the alley . from now on we will call he kobo . his sunglass be on he forehead ; he hand drop casually at he side . a very cool character . kobo slowly raise he hand , and make a gun with he finger , slowly point and " shoot " at Nick ... he lower he hand . nick on the ground , man . now !! kobo cup he hand around he ear . he do not understand English . Nick , keep he gun fix , come up to he and kick out he leg . kobo fall flat on he chest . Nick pull out he cuff . but kobo lunge for Nick 's ankle and yank it toward he . Nick stumble backward ; kobo 's on he foot . before Nick can stand , kobo land a brutal kick to the side of Nick 's head . Nick get up , barrel into he . kobo knee Nick in the solar plexus , then land two more well place kick in Nick 's back . it 's not that Nick 's a bad fighter , it 's that this kid be so damn fast . Nick slowly get to he foot . kobo land two more brutal shot to the side of Nick 's head . he 's a bloody mess . two police car stop at the end of the alley . four officer climb out . charlie join the cop as they run down the alley to find Nick get pummele . Charlie shoot at kobo. miss . kobo turn to see the five cop , gun draw . Nick , on one knee , spit out blood and a few tooth . kobo calmly slip the shuto out of he coat pocket and drop it next to Nick . the blade gleam in the light . that be next . Nick get lucky . kobo tower imperiously above Nick . they eye lock . we hold then ... fade to black . fade in : nick's live room - staten island - morning there be not a stick of furniture , but that 's not the half of it . in the middle of the room be a motorcycle on a centerstand . a drop cloth be spread around it , tool neatly align . it 's a harley -- but this one be in perfect condition . a phone ring insistently from off screen , then stop . nick ( o.s. ) yeah ... sure , sure I will be down . Nick walk in , naked . every muscle aches . one side of he face be completely swollen . he have a band - aid over he right eye ; some blood cake on he earlobe . he stop to twist a spark plug in with a ratchet , but it snap . CUT to : int . EIGHT - three precinct - day capt . oliver , early forty , walk between Charlie and Nick as they head toward the Medical examiner 's room . Oliver do not face Nick as he speak ; no love lose between this two . oliver how big a package we talk about ? nick ( hold up he hand ) this by this ... oliver dope ? nick not in that company . oliver the old man be a japanese paper manufacturer . Hotel room and rental car be full of it . charlie full of what ? oliver ( annoyed ) Art and stationary paper . cavello have five hundred thousand in he attache case . Nick rub the back of he neck in obvious pain . oliver one guy do all the damage ? nick yeah . oliver think you know you way around dark alley , detective . Oliver go through the swinging door into the examiner 's room . Charlie shoot Nick a look . Nick let 's it slide . int . medical examination room a techie be show the night 's harvest to Charlie , Nick and Oliver . they be stand over the body of the middle - age japanese man . techie ... the old man 's suit be japanese . the hitter 's be saville row . no i.d . we be do a peel now . at another table another techie be carefully remove the skin from number two 's fingertip . Charlie shut he eye and turn away , try not to throw up . techie there 's something you get to see . he whip back the sheet , the body be nude . a towel cover the genitals . except for the foot , hand , neck , and face , the body be cover with elaborate tattoo : flower and blood , dragon and snake . techie what 's wrong with this picture ? charlie ( nervously ) I get a tattoo . Birdie on the ball . we all get they when we finish basic at Camp lejune . nick Charlie . techie I think you guy be train observer ? they look up surprised . the techie pick up a hand . the third and forth finger have be neatly amputate . techie eight finger . ( ironically ) hey , it be a trick question . CUT to : int . interrogation room abolofia be seat in chair next to he lawyer . Nick , Oliver , and a third detective be grill he . abolofia he be with a friend , sure . I shake hand with the guy and a minute later he 's bleed all over my sock . attorney will that do officer ? my client have have a terrible shock . nick yeah , he 's not use to see other people do the kill . attorney I will not tolerate harassment ! oliver what about the package ? attorney we know nothing about it . silence . abolofia look at Nick , then at Oliver . abolofia hard to believe a train police officer could let this kind of thing happen right in front of he face . nick I do make a mistake . I let the wrong guy get hit . abolofia do not blink a eye , go for the jugular . abolofia cheer up , Nick . I be sure it 's easier to pick a dead man 's pocket . Nick spring from he foot . Oliver grab Nick before he can get close to abolofia . attorney that 's it , we be through ! CUT to : kobo the japanese killer who smashed in Nick 's face last night . he 's sit in a interrogation room a hour later with a detective and a japanese translator . he will not talk . observation room Nick and Oliver watch through the glass . oliver do not speak a word of English . and he will not speak japanese either . no papers . the japanese embassy be very interested . nick why ? oliver he 's want in Japan . they want he first . then we can have he . nick what ? Oliver nod . that 's the way it be . on kobo he turn and look at Nick . he can not possibly see he through the one way glass but he know Nick 's there . on nick look at he . on kobo make a cut mark across he forehead , right where Nick 's bandage be . it 's uncanny . CUT to : int . oliver' office - later Nick be sit in front of Oliver 's desk . the sunlight make he wince ; wince make he face hurt . oliver japanese embassy talk to state department . State talk to police plaza . they to I and I to you . shit roll down hill . Oliver drop a file folder on the desk . Nick open it : petty cash , voucher and plane ticket . oliver you and Charlie be take the jap home , tonight . nick what ...? what if I say no ? oliver check you gun before you leave . they be not allow in Japan . it 's a nice , safe country . nick why I ? oliver they say send a detective if I could spare one . ( then ) I can always spare you . Nick bridle at the insult . Oliver 's have a hard - on for Nick for year , and Nick 's tired of it . nick ( soft ) you get something to say to I , Captain ? Oliver do not want to get into it . oliver yeah . have a wonderful flight . CUT to : the orange SUN on the tail of a Japan Airlines 747 . a drive rain storm . the plane taxie down the runway and disappear into the black rain . int . airliner kobo , handcuff and shackle , be in the center seat . Nick and Charlie sit on either side . Charlie be hold " bachelor Japan " in one hand . Nick 's in a sour mood . charlie ... Nick , you be the one that 's always say you never go anywhere . nick I be think the poconos , Charlie . maybe Vegas . charlie what be you miss ? Riding you motorcycle to the nurse 's house . that shit be sadder than ethiopia . nick beat forty hour on a plane . charlie they say we get to turn around and come right back . that 's what they say . I get a plan . the last thing Nick want to hear -- too late . charlie I call , right ? I say I get the dread thirty six -hour asian shit from some raw clam and we stretch it into three day . you and I become a drive force on the local geisha scene . nick not a prayer . charlie ( grin ) hey , come on , big guy like you , cop from New York . you be gonna be the biggest thing to hit town since godzilla . Nick can not help but smile at this kid . Charlie look down at the guide book . charlie say here , it 's very impolite to touch someone while you be talk to they ... ( nudge kobo ) guess that mean you can not talk and screw at the same time , huh , hotdog ? what 's the matter , no -- speaky - the - language ? understand this : you will never ever fuck with my partner again . nothing from kobo who be look straight ahead . he do not understand . nick shut -up , Charlie . a beat , then Charlie read a japanese phrase from the book . a slight facial response from kobo . Charlie try it again . this time kobo laugh openly . nick what would you say ? charlie where be the subway station , please . kobo keep laugh ; it 's obviously not what Charlie say . nick get a new book . CUT to : int . airliner - later the cabin be now darken . kobo and Nick be asleep . not Charlie , he 's still at he book , and listen to U2 on he walkman . Nick roll over and open he eye to see Charlie watch he . he shut they hope to avoid talk . too late . charlie Nick ... you up ? nick no . Charlie remove he headphone . charlie Nick , have I be a good partner ? nick number five with a bullet . Nick shut he eye . charlie I just want you to know ... I mean anybody who say you ever take have get to deal with I . nick go to sleep , Charlie . charlie you do not take , do you ...? you hear thing . Nick open he eye . nick I work the three nine in queen , Charlie . charlie ( surprised ) I do not know . nick the lieutenant be on the pad along with the rest of the squad . I be new , do not know shit . when the feather fly , I get call in front of the special prosecutor . it 's on the top of my personnel file . they think I be dirty or I cut a deal . do not leave you with a lot of friend either way . Nick shut he eye . nick I might as well have do something . I have be pay for it every goddamn day since I get transfer ... hold on Nick then ... CUT to : int . narita airport - japan - day Nick and Charlie , with kobo between they , be a strange sight in a sea of japanese face . kobo 's hand be cuffed behind he back . Nick also have kobo cuffed to he wrist . the cop be rumple , exhaust , show two day of stubble . kobo look sharp and wide awake . a pair of attractive teenage girl walk past they . charlie whoa . Nick , we be in paradise . a pair of white glove hand belong to a Tokyo police officer hold up a small , hand letter sign that say : conklin / skloaris . the man hold the sign be nagashima . two other police officer in spotless tan uniform stand at he side . Nick , hold kobo by he arm , step up to the police and show he i.d. nagashima bow . nagashima officer conklin and -- and ... ( he can not say Charlie 's name ) ... gentleman , welcome . I be assistant inspector nagashima . they show they i.d. nick you go to take this crap off we hand ? nagashima ( confuse ) crap ...? oh , the prisoner . yes . he bark some order to the officer who immediately take kobo by the arm and put cuff on he . Nick unfasten he cuff when they be through . in contrast to nagashima 's gentility , the cop be rough with the prisoner . charlie ( extend he hand ) Charlie . kon-ich-iwa . nagashima shake he hand . bow . Charlie bow back . Nick would not bow if he life depend on it . nagashima hand Nick a official look document . nagashima if you will please give this to the custom inspector he will expidate -- expedite you . we have a car and a driver outside . nick right . charlie ( bow ) arigato . Nick grab Charlie by the arm and start for the custom line . nick givin ' you a book be like givin ' a baby a gun . charlie hey , when in Rome -- nick in Rome , I will bow . CUT to : int . custom booth - day nick and charlie make they way through the crowd toward the head of a long line . they dump they bag on the counter . the inspector , furious that they have take cut in line , bark at they in japanese . nick Inspector nagashima tell I to give you this . he hand the Inspector the official look document . the Inspector scan the paper . hand it back to they . inspector ( break English ) you must get in line behind the rest . nick we be cop . pol-ice-man . the Inspector signal a nearby policeman . the Inspector say something in japanese . hand the policeman the document . the policeman shake he head , amused , point to the end of the line . nick fellas , get serious . from off screen someone call out : man ( o.s. ) Nick ! Nick and Charlie turn to see kobo , they prisoner , stand on the other side of the thick plastic divider . the handcuffs be off . the three alleged ' policeman ' be head out the door behind he . it be a set - up : Nick and Charlie have be have . kobo ( perfect English ) thanks for the ride , detective . he slowly back away from the glass as if he have all the time in the world , finally disappear in the crowd . CUT to : nick and charlie try to shove past the custom inspector who be wrestle they aside . nick cop ! he 's we prisoner ! two more policeman arrive . Nick and Charlie be throw up against the wall . out come the cuff . SNAP ! nick what 's go on ? we be the good guy ! CUT to : int . tokyo police headquarters - day fifty identical desk . fifty identical phone . fifty identically dress man in white shirt and tie work under the fluorescent light of this large open room . we glide past the row of desk to find inspector ohashi , mid forty , sit behind a perfectly arrange desk . ohashi pride himself on order . Nick and Charlie be stand in front of he . nick get I something like a identi - kit and I will give you a description . ohashi remain poker face . he continue to arrange papers and apply he hanko ( personal seal ) to the bottom of a stack of official papers . charlie there must be some witness from the airport ? still nothing from the good inspector . nick what be it , tea time ? still nothing from ohashi . finally : ohashi ( quiet rage ) you lose a man we want for some time . it be very incompetent on you part , officer . nick incompetent be let people waltz through a secure area wear you uniform , carry official document . ohashi bow slightly , we be not sure why . nick I want a gun . ohashi it be not allow . nick we be police officer . ohashi you be foreigner . nick work with I . I want you best detective . pause . ohashi return to he papers . Nick can not believe it . nick hey , inspector , I do not intend to take the rap for this . ohashi ( not look up ) do you know what this be ? ohashi hold up the document that be hand to Nick at the airport . ohashi it 's a laundry list . go home , detective . Nick study he for a beat , then turn away . to Charlie : nick let 's go . charlie Nick , we can not just -- nick I say let 's go , Charlie . reluctantly they head towards the door , pass long row of bureaucrat , telephone ringing off the hook . Nick stop at the door , spot a fuse box nearby . he glance back to make sure no one be look . Nick pull out he handcuffs . Charlie can not figure out what the hell he 's do . Nick attaches one cuff to the main lever then yank it down . the light go out . the fan 's stop ; so do the typewriter ; so do the air conditioning . Dead silence . Nick attaches the other cuff to a pipe , snap it shut . now it 's impossible to leave the main lever . from the far end of the room : ohashi what be you do ?! Nick drop the key down the water fountain drain . nick you best detective , ohashi . CUT to : ext . police station - day Nick and Charlie cross the street . Charlie 's try to read the name from the piece of paper ohashi have give they . charlie ... detective ich-iro matsu-moto . hey , we be get Mr. moto on we side . nick let 's grab some food . charlie first decent idea you have have . Charlie pull out he ' footloose in Tokyo " book , flip through the page . charlie food ... food , here we go . Tokyo offer a wide variety of food . it 's best to sample the local specialty , include sashaimi , soba , and world renown kobe beef ... Nick go into a restaurant . Charlie drop the book , disgust with Nick 's choice . Charlie reluctantly follow he in . reveal it 's a shakey 's pizza restaurant . CUT to : ext . housing project - shin okubo - day row of post - modern building of odd shape window and brightly paint concrete wall . Nick and Charlie be search for the japanese cop 's building . they can not speak the language ; they can not read the sign ; and half the building do not have number . it 's a nightmare . charlie this should be it ... nick you say that in the last two place . Charlie hold out the paper to a pass man . charlie kore ? doku ? kore doku ? the man gesture toward the building Charlie be point to . nick okay , you be right . Charlie grin , satisfied . int . housing development - corridor - day the boy be knock on a door . Nick turn the handle . it 's unlock . the apartment a four tatami room . a unholy mess : food package , beer bottle , stack of papers and file folder . frame picture of long dead relative hang on the wall . charlie this the right place ? nick I hope not . a woman now appear at the door . Middle age , wizen face , in a full traditional kimono . charlie konichiwa . ichiro matsumoto ? the woman babbles bird - like in rapid japanese . she bow . they be in the right place . CUT to : ext . side STREET - minimai muramatsu - night the jamme street be barely wide enough to get a motorcycle down . it 's a bad neighborhood , one of the poorest in Tokyo . we spot the small kimono clad woman , clip-clopping on wooden geta , lead Nick and Charlie through this labyrinth . charlie ( look around ) get very weird . nick I would feel better if we have some heat . charlie maybe we should bail ? see they have stop , the woman gesture for they to hurry up , then disappear around the corner . nick ( look at the maze of street ) think we could find we way back ? CUT to : a garish pink sign - pink saron bar a poor man 's idea of a bar . the woman point inside , chirp away in japanese , bow , then hurry off leave Nick and Charlie on they own . inside pink saron Nick and Charlie disappear into darkness as the woven flap shut behind they . a vintage wurlitzer juke box glow across the room . a enka play . ( haunting japanese blue . ) man' voice ( from the darkness ) Big shot from New York . I like you style ! ichiro matsumoto step into a pool of light just inch from they . he be a short overweight man look every minute of he fifty - five year . his white short sleeve shirt be too tight ; he narrow tie spot in the middle ; he collar soak in sweat . he 's not drunk yet , but he 's be at it a while . call he ich . ich ( bow ) detective ichiro matsumoto . I be the man you be look for . this be ohashi 's best man ? well , at least he speak English . ich the man you be look for , kobo , be a member of the samaguchi-gummi . a yakuza . ich nod , offer they what 's leave of he sapphoro beer . they shake they head . ich finish it . nick where do we start look for this guy ? ich where would you look for the mafia ? charlie the back room at lombardi 's after the Columbus Day parade . under the bed . in the mayor 's office . everywhere . ich head for the door without say a word . nick where be you go , ichiro ? ich ( stop , face they ) the mayor 's office , under the bed , the back room at lombardi' . ( tucking in he shirt tail ) and call I ich . CUT to : int . ichibankan bar build - kabuki cho - night imagine a ultra modern indoor shopping mall , except there be not any store . the only product sell here be pleasure : bar , hostess club , turkish bath . a post - modern red light district with music pipe in and automated doormen . int . las vega welcome club hip , young japanese be wedge together at the long chrome bar . the guy sport leather jacket and rayban . the girl be deck out in fifty american party dress and short cropped hair . Jerry Lee Lewis wail in the background . Nick , ich and Charlie be at one end of the long bar . ich be drink they both under the table . ich ( sing ) " goodness , gracious , great ball of fire . " ( raise glass for toast ) to the killer . Jerry Lee Lewis . nick ( check he watch ) Jerry Lee Lewis , elvis , dinky doo and the do not 's . let 's book , Charlie . if he start on motown , we will be here all night . ich no , this be the place for the young yakuza . nick that 's what you say in the last three piss pot . ich set down he drink , pour more sake for Nick and Charlie then for himself . he 's have a great time . ich I love you people . the music , the clothes , the movie ... japanese respect only what be japanese . Nick glance at Charlie . nick it 's incredible . hit he or something . charlie I do not think he would feel it . ich ( beginning to slur he word ) Americans change everything . when I be young the city be wood and paper ... I be ten when the bomber come . I live underground for three day . when I come up , the city be go ... a ball of fire . Nick get to he foot . ich grab he by the arm , stop he . ich it begin to rain , Nick . you know what color the rain be ? ich do not give he a chance to answer . ich Black ... it be black from the ash . very impressive . you Americans , you could make black rain . ich polish off he drink . a awkward silence . Charlie , want to lighten the mood -- charlie ( lean close ) say ich , between friend , where can I grab some squish around here ? Nick sigh , dig in he pocket for some yen for the bill . ich squid ? charlie pussy , ass , soft personnel . ich look up to see a picturesque , blood-haire american women in a tight silk blouse and skirt . she work here and have obviously hear Charlie . ich ah , Joyce ... ( in japanese ) how be you tonight ? joyce ( in japanese ) hello , ich. johnny Walker ? ich nod . Joyce 's japanese be impeccable . she 's a part - time bartender , translator , model . one of Japan 's western wanderer . she 's slide past thirty , but only she weary eye give it away . she be about to pour ich another drink . nick do not give he any more . joyce he get as much as he want . Charlie extend he hand to Joyce . she ignore it . charlie hello hello , Charlie skloaris . New York City . she refill ich 's glass . charlie my partner and I be cop . ( lowering he voice ) we be on a very big assignment here . ( nothing from Joyce ) when do you get off ? joyce right when you be be tuck into bed . cold . ich you should be nicer to my american friend , Joyce . joyce they would not appreciate it , ich . trust I . she say something in japanese to ich as she eye the cop . then , she walk off . ich Joyce can be nice . charlie ( brighten ) what would she say ? ich ( big smile ) that I should let you pay for the drink . ( raise he glass ) kampai . CUT to : ext . ichibankan bar build - night Charlie and Nick be try to help a besotted ich find a taxi , but no one will take he . ich be shouting half English , half japanese phrase . ich ... we get to keep look . track he down ! great ball of fire ! nick ( frustrated , to a cabbie ) what 's the problem here ? the cabbie ignore they . woman ( o.s. ) you do not speak the language . I will drop he off . they turn to see Joyce stand behind they . ich ah , Joyce ... the rest be slur japanese . Joyce speak to a cabbie in japanese . the rear door swing open . she help ich in . Joyce climb in . ich ( out the window ) see you tomorrow ! the taxi pull away . Nick and Charlie watch it go . nick not a prayer . CUT to : ext . STREET - four a.m. a early morning wind jostle the red paper lantern and pluck at the tail of dragon - like banner hang outside the shop . Nick and Charlie be walk down this narrow sidestreet on the way back to they hotel . charlie ... he 's a sorry old guy , but I like he . nick he could not find he ass with both hand . a brand new kawasaki 1000 motorcycle with windshield and full faring gleam under a street light . charlie now that 's the kind of motorcycle I want to see you on . nick ( mutter ) sure , a rice burn crotch rocket ... charlie Nick , how we gonna bag this guy without any help ? maybe I should work on that girl Joyce , she speak the language . Nick glance over at he partner , smile . but before he can respond -- the dull roar of a half dozen motorcycle in the distance break the pre-dawn stillness . twenty bosozoku ( biker ) on they multi-cylinder high tech street bomber , creep around the corner and slowly ride toward Nick and Charlie . we get a better look at they : turbo punk elvis -samurai hybrid -- some wear a slipper under they headband , courtesy of they girlfriend ; some in leopard skin pants . and tattoo ... they head straight for Nick and Charlie , then , at the last moment , split and float away in slow motion , as if the cop do not exist . suddenly , the street be empty again . Silent except for the SOUND of the wind beat against paper lantern , rustling the wind chime ... hold on Nick and Charlie stand in the middle of the street , realize just how far away from home they be . dissolve to : ext . HOTEL - the next morning a rocket shape building : a mixture of dutch gable and japanese minka roof . the mid-day sun beat down on a particular room . int . HOTEL room Nick and Charlie be sack out . they never bother to pull the curtain . the SOUND of knocking at the door . ich ( o.s. ) Nick ! nick give we a break ... ich ( o.s. ) it 's ichiro . ich . nick leave the rice cake outside and go home ! but ich persist . at the door as Nick open up . ich bow . he 's now clean shaven and have put on a clean shirt . ich there 's be a murder . yakuza . you should come . CUT to : int . printing plant - day the murder scene . no SOUND . a series of shot : a body from the waist down in the claw of six foot work robotic . the tattooe cover leg swing back and forth like a pendulum . the torso be wedge in between two enormous printing roller . the head be rest in the middle of a conveyer belt . it 's be drench in black printer 's ink which have begin to congeal . we slowly track past ich , Charlie , and Nick , watch . Charlie have the dry heave . real SOUND as we reveal the full crime scene . instead of the usual cigar smoke , camera flash and radio chatter , there be order and quiet . a slow underwater dance . inspector ohashi quietly give a order . someone turn off the robotic . the severe leg stop swinging . Nick , Charlie and ich walk over to ohashi . ich bow deeply . ohashi do not acknowledge any of they , talk to a man hold a tape measurer . nick could you fill I in ? ohashi why do not you ask you chief detective ? ich look down at the floor . nick because I want you to tell I . ohashi the young be eat the old , something that usually do not happen here . nick can we skip the poetry , inspector ? ohashi pause . ich look at Nick as if to warn he he can not speak to ohashi that way . ohashi there 's a war , detective , between two rival group . the man who escape , kobo , lead the young group . they do this . ich kobo 's a wild boy . he be a lieutenant in the sammaguchi-gummi . ohashi ( in japanese ) excellent , Officer matsumoto . how be you investigation go ? ich ( in japanese ) well , sir . thank you for give I the opportunity to work with this distinguished gentleman . he bow . it 's pathetic . police lieutenant look for clue in the bottom of a sake bottle , matsumoto ? laughter all around . ohashi he 's a officer of great distinction . another sarcastic dig . ich stoically stand and take it . charlie hey , ich have be helpful . ohashi ( ignore he , to Nick ) have you change you mind and decide to go home , detective ? nick not until one of we bag kobo. ( look at the corpse ) and it do not look like you be do so hot . ohashi coolly flick the ash of he cigarette and we -- CUT to : ext . printing plant - day ich , Nick , and Charlie be thread they way through the crowd toward the subway entrance . two biker , they hair slicked back , watch the trio from the top of two different subway entrance . as soon as ich , Nick and Charlie go down the step , they climb off they bike and follow . int . subway station Nick , ich and Charlie be riding the people mover that stretch the length of this endless tunnel . they be sandwich between the legion of salarymen ( white collar worker ) who all wear identical blue suit and white shirt . Nick look over at ich , who be still suffer in silence from the recent humiliation . nick you know , Inspector , you take shit once , you take shit forever . ich ( beat ) I do not deserve ohashi 's respect . nick why the hell not ? ich I do not , that 's all . ich look away , obviously uncomfortable . charlie you cool , ich ? ich cool ? charlie you all right ? you okay ? ich nod . charlie what do ichiro mean , anyway ? ich ( smile ) what do Charlie mean ? charlie hey , all right . Charlie slap ich on the back . nick smile at Charlie 's remark . he can not help but like this wide - eye goofy kid . something make Nick 's smile fade . nick's Pov kobo , they escape prisoner , hurry in the opposite direction . his kamali suit look like it just come from the cleaner . nick Charlie ! Charlie spot he . in a flash , the two man jump the railing and charge after he , leave ich in they wake . ich can not possibly make it over the side . he furiously shove he way through the salarymen , try to get to the end of the walkway . chase sequence -- Nick barrel through the mass of faceless salarymen . -- kobo , hurry ahead , occasionally glance back . -- Charlie catch up to Nick . they have lose he . they spin around . a half dozen tunnel spin out in all direction . -- Nick and Charlie spot kobo . he 's wait for they near the turnstile . Nick suddenly realize it 's a set-up . before he can say anything , Charlie sprint ahead , recklessly shove people out of the way . nick ( call after he ) it 's a set-up ...! Charlie ! Charlie have not hear he . at the turnstile kobo hand a ticket to the turnstile guard and disappear onto the platform . Charlie do not have a ticket . the guard point to the automatic ticket machine . screw it . Charlie leap over the turnstile . the guard blow he shrill whistle to signal the subway police . the platform Charlie push through the crowd -- a wall of blank face . kobo be go . nick shove through the crowd . he spot Charlie . shout at he to wait . Charlie can not hear he partner . the subway pull in . a immaculately uniform conductor blow he whistle and wave he white - glove hand to keep the crowd back . a leather jacketed boy shove Charlie from behind ; he stumble forward toward the track . someone catch he at the last moment . Charlie turn around to see it 's kobo . kobo smile , it 's all a big joke . what follow happen in a flash : on nick nick Charlie ! Nick be close enough to see , too far to do anything . he 's block by two more leather boy . he try to shove past , but they grab he . kobo hold Charlie by he coat lapel . a express train tear into the station . kobo casually glance at nick try to struggle free . kobo he eye still on Nick , drop Charlie in front of the speed express as if he be a sack of laundry . nick nick no !! a woman scream . the train barrel through the station . kobo start toward Nick . he 's next . a pair of subway policemen burst through the crowd search for Charlie because he vault the turnstile . nick manage to break free of the leatherboy hold he . they flee into the crowd as the police close in . across the platform - kobo slip into the wave of commuter be shove into a train by white - glove men . it 's they job to shove commuter into the already pack car . Nick go for kobo , but the crowd close in front of he . he can not get through . the subway door slam shut . the train pull out leave Nick stand on the empty platform . the last car streak past he . kobo stand in the rear window , get smaller and smaller until the train disappear down the track . ich Nick ! ich , out of breath , be stand on the platform . Nick look at he with disgust -- where the hell be he . stay on Nick , he head bow , be surround by the sea of blue-suite commuter . fade to white . fade in : nick's face against a white wall . that 's all we see . ohashi 's voice off screen . ohashi ( o.s. ) ... you ignore I . I do not care about what you want . get on a plane , detective conklin . go home . we hear a door open and slam shut off screen . hold on Nick , freeze in place , then : CUT to : int . central section - tokyo police h.q. - day again , the fifty desk , fifty faceless man work . typewriter clacking , phone ringing . we move down the row to find Nick sit behind one of the desk . he 's on the phone to New York . oliver ( v.o. ) ( phone ) it 's not you job . nick he be my partner . oliver ( v.o. ) ( phone ) they be blame it on you . Christ , conklin , you do not even tell I you lose the prisoner ! nick I plan on catch he , Captain . oliver ( v.o. ) ( phone ) how ? you do not know the place . you do not know the language . get on the plane . nick he kill a police officer . oliver ( v.o. ) ( phone ) you plane 's at nine a.m . be on it . that 's order . period . Oliver hang up . a moment of long distance hum cross talk . Nick do not move . pull back through the row of cop busily work ... SOUND fade . Charlie parker 's alto sax fade up as we -- CUT to : ext . shinjuku - night the music continue . the sax scream as the melody be abandon . Nick be drunk . Roaring angry drunk . he do not know where he be . he do not care . he plow down the street , occasionally grab a passerby , then let they go . Nick begin to laugh . a couple be stare at he , Nick yell at they , but we don't hear he . he stumble on ... drop back to find . ich follow in he wake . he bow and apologize to the offended . CUT to : ext . las vega welcome bar - night Nick be throw onto the street . he try to reenter and be throw out again . we spot joyce inside watch ; she turn back to she customer . ext . ginza - night Nick be hassling a news vendor who pointedly ignore he and continue sell he papers . ich appear and apologize to the news vendor . ext . STREET - two a.m. Nick 's sit on the curb , he head in he hand . people step around he . across the street , out of Nick 's sight , ich be watch he partner , feel every barb of Nick 's shame . Charlie parker continue over the slow ... dissolve to : nick -- asleep , the futon tangle around he . he open he eye . a woman be make tea in the kitchenette . this be the kimonoed woman who lead Nick and Charlie to ich the other night . a radio be on softly in the background . the Charlie parker tune we have be listen to over the previous cut end , and the announcer come on : radio ... that be the Bird , from the Blue note year . 1230 hour and 72 degree in central osaka . this be specialist Doug Dale , tapestry in Jazz , on the Far East Network , armed force radio ... Nick slowly sit up to see ich seat at a low table look at he from across the room . Nick spot he clothes and luggage stack in the corner . Nick now realize he 's in ich 's apartment . it 's spotless . everything be now in its proper place . nick what happen ? ich they make you leave you hotel ... ( look away ) ... you cause a disturbance . Nick 's eye fall on Charlie 's thing : he sport clothes , he tour book , he shoe which ich have stack on the table . ich it may be too soon to talk about it . when someone we care for die we ... ( beat ) ... keep something of they 's . a tie , a pen . nick why be not you at the platform ? ich I could not keep up . my shame be complete . Nick slowly shut he eye , he head pound . CUT to : int . public bath - day the neighborhood bathhouse . thick with steam and neighborhood kid . Nick walk toward the huge pool of water . ich be beside he . Nick 's about to climb in when ich stop he , hand he a pail and a washcloth and point to the faucet along the wall where a dozen man squat on small stool as they wash themselves . CUT to : nick as he pour a pail of water over he head , it run down he face in slow motion . CUT to : the pool Nick soaking , on one side . ich be soaking nearby . ich you must leave ? nick yeah ... ich I will get he for you , Nick . Nick look at this thick belly , alcoholic cop . not a very reassure think . two men carry plastic pail cross in front of the tub . Young , muscular yakuza , they body cover with exquisite tattoo . they stare openly at Nick . one make a joke . both laugh obscenely as they slip into the hot tub . nick yakuza ? ich nod . Nick eye they for a long beat , then climb out of the tub . CUT to : nick Nick toss two bag into a taxi in front of ich 's apartment building . ich ich watch Nick through the window from inside he apartment . he glance back and see Charlie 's " member only " coat hang on a hook . when he turn back , Nick 's taxi have disappear . ext . narita airport the brightest object in the frame be a yellow forklift carry a jostling aluminum coffin toward the open belly of the cargo plane . Nick watch it from the edge of the tarmac . airport check in gate Nick hand the clerk he ticket . nick ... smoke . clerk aisle or window ? Nick spot a fold newspaper someone have leave on the counter . he can not read it , of course , but there 's a picture of the subway platform where Charlie be kill , swarm with police . Nick continue to stare at the paper . clerk aisle or window , sir ? nick ( look up ) I want to cash it in . yen . CUT to : ich's apartment - day Nick step in , drop the two suitcase . nick ichiro ? the woman step out of the kitchen , babbles something in japanese . Nick do not have a clue . CUT to : int . las vega welcome bar - afternoon only a handful of patron . Joyce be straighten bottle behind the bar . nick ( o.s. ) what 's trick ? she look up , surprised to see Nick stand in front of she . joyce ich say you leave . nick there be a change in plan . beat . joyce I be sorry about you friend . Nick 's surprised at how fast she hear . joyce Dead gaiijin 's be big news . nick gaiijin ? joyce a outside person . a foreigner . a barbarian . you , me.t ( beat ) more you . nick I could use some help . show I around . I will pay you for you time . joyce I do not give tour . Nick smile . nick you can count on the truth from people who do not like you . joyce you have a helluva way of ask for help . nick you have a helluva way of answer . draw . joyce look , you need ich . I have be here five year and I still can not read all the street sign . nick maybe I be a quick learner . joyce I do not think so . from off screen : ich ( o.s. ) nicklaus-san . Nick turn to see ich , lean against the door frame . he 's already have a few drink too many . he 's delighted to see Nick . ich I have continue work on the case ! nick I can see that . ich amble into the room , slip down into a chair . he spill the content of the large manila envelope he 's be carry onto the table : a wallet , a set of key , play card , etc . ich ( signal to Joyce ) Joyce ... a drink please . ( to Nick ) kobo have disappear . my superior do not trust I . Nick walk over to the table and look at the item . ich kobo 's . taken off he when he be arrest in New York . Nick sit down . Joyce give ich he scotch . ich I know you would come back . you feel you have a debt you can never pay . but you will , even if it cost you you life . giri. honor . Nick pick up various item off the table . nick how would you get this ? ich I steal they . ich drape he arm over Nick 's shoulder . ich partner , Nicklaus -san ? ich reach for he drink . Nick get there first . he hold it up as if he be propose a toast , then purposefully spill he drink out . nick partner . ich have just have he last drink on duty . CUT to : the table - later all the content of the envelope be spread out on the table : credit card , matchbook from New York City , choice clipping from screw magazine , sugarless gum , cuff link ... Nick 's hold up a series of photo . close on photo of a naked woman and kobo screwing on a tatami mat . another photo . then another . each photo be more pornographic than the next . Joyce pick they up as Nick set they down . joyce busy man . Nick hold out several of the same girl in various pose . nick know she ? ich ( shaking he head ) we can ask someone I use to work with . a criminal . someone I pay money to ... nick a snitch ? CUT to : int . pachinko parlor - day the large in Tokyo . Endless row of man sit in front of the machine ( horizontal pinball game ) furiously punch the flipper . the noise from the metal ball be deafen . a man in a Hawaiian shirt , he arm cover with tattoo , be start a new game . ich move up to the vacant machine beside he , put in he change . ich do not face the man as they speak in japanese . the man in the Hawaiian shirt walk off . on nick as the man in the Hawaiian shirt walk past he . this be the snitch . Nick glance back at ich . ich nod -- they be in business . CUT to : a cramped room - rear of pachinko parlor we hear the clatter of the machine outside . the man in the Hawaiian shirt , mid-fifty and badly in need of a shower , be sit on the floor study the photo . ich and Nick tower above he . the man say something to Nick in japanese , then continue to study the photo . nick what 's he say ? ich ( look up ) he say they be very nice . he want to know if you have anymore . Nick sigh . ich I will ask he again . ich ask in japanese . the man shrug . nick my turn . he grab the man by he shirt collar and shove he against the wall . the photo spill to the floor . nick who be she ? he bang the man 's head back against the wall . the man start babbling in japanese . ich , horrify , try to pull Nick off he . ich Nick , stop . Nick bang the snitch head against the wall again . ich get Nick away . the man be terrify . ich this man must be treat with respect . ich bow to the man , apologize in japanese . nick aw , for Christ 's sake . they continue speak in japanese . they bow to one another again . ich give the man a glass of water , then motion for he to sit down . Nick , impatient , start for the guy again . ich stop he . the snitch hold up one of the photo , and start babbling . nick ( to ich ) now we be make progress . CUT to : int . seibu department store - day close on a salesgirl behind the cosmetic counter . she be wear the store uniform : blue and white dress and white glove . a doll . we should not recognize she at first . then -- insert a photo one of kobo 's porno pic . it 's the same face . reveal nick hold the photo , stand in the crowded store . ich be beside he . nick that 's kobo 's girl ? he 's sure ? ich glance back at the man in the Hawaiian shirt stand by the door . the man nod . ich he 's sure . they watch the girl help a customer choose a eyeliner . ich Nick , no one 's see kobo in three day . he might not even be in Tokyo . nick only one way to find out ... get she up in the morning and put she to bed at night . CUT to : int . soba restaurant - day nick be struggle with he chopstick and bowl of noodle . from o.s. a loud slurping SOUND . the sound stop , then start again . Nick can not eat . he set he bowl down and look over at ich slurping he noodle . it be consider polite to slurp soba noodle as loud as possible . ich stop . look at Nick , then resume he slurping . nick think you could keep it to a dull roar ? they be sit by the window across from the seibu department store watch the entrance . ich it 's good manners . Nick nod . pick up he bowl . again the loud slurping off screen . Nick start to eat the noodle . he can not continue with ich slurping . he set the bowl down . ich grin , resume slurping and we -- CUT to : ext . department store - six p.m. the salesgirls be line up at the door bow and thanking the last customer for shopping in they store . Standard practice . the girl whom Nick and ich have be watch come out wear she uniform and head down the street . nick and ich wait in the restaurant , get up to follow . CUT to : the girl step out of the laundry carry she wash . she walk past a doorway where ... nick be stand . ich now walk past he partner pick up the tail . no acknowledgement between they . ext . STREET car station there be dozen of street car wait to pull out . the girl be on one of they . ich have lose she . Nick and ich hurry from car to car . ich you say you could keep up with she ! ' no problem , Nick -san . ' nick ( cut ich off ) no . do not say anything . do not do anything , and for Christ 's sake , do not apologize ! ich Nick ... Nick hurry toward another car to check it out . nick what would I tell you ? ich there she be ! they spot the girl sit in the window of one of the street car , about to turn onto the main street . the two cop race for the car . Nick leap on . ich be a few step behind . Nick stick out he hand , pull ich up . they stand look at one another , both breathe hard , both out of shape . CUT to : nightclub district - night narrow street with explode neon ideograph sign as far as the eye can see . we spot we girl hurry down the street . Nick , a half block behind , be bump into people , try not to lose she . she cross the street and ich pick she up . Nick drop off . on a side STREET around the corner the girl disappear into a three story apartment building above a electronics store . dissolve to : ext . girl apartment build - night we be watch we girl inside she apartment . she flip off the tv and climb into bed . CUT to : a storeroom - night we have be watch the girl from a window across the street . it 's a storeroom full of shipping crate , not much else . ich be sit on the floor , leg cross , back erect , watch Nick . Nick glance over . ich continue to watch he . Nick return to the window . ich you dislike I . Nick keep look out the window . nick do I say that ? ich you toler -- yes , tolerate I . nick be we get marry ? pause . ich I be a joke . they send you to I to make a fool of you . Nick look over at ich . ich be look away . Nick look out the window , then back at he partner . nick you be do fine , ich . now drop it , okay ? ich sure . the girl switch off she light across the street . dissolve to : the storeroom - morning ich be sleep on he back look like a ground whale . Nick , exhaust , be sit by the window he head rest against the sill . nick's Pov of the STREET as the girl , dress in she store uniform , come out of the apartment and head for work . nick nudge the sleep ich with he foot . ich open he eye . nick let 's book . ich be groggy , nonpluse . nick let 's go . CUT to : int . hallway - girl apartment build ich , tucking in he shirt , come down the hall to see -- Nick , on he knee , examine the lock on the girl 's apartment door . he slide he nypd card into the jam and lightly rap the knob plate . ich you can not do this . Nick use he sleeve to wipe print off the knob and jam . nick call a cop . the door swing open . Nick walk in . CUT to : int . girl apartment a cheesebox with a few vintage piece of american deco furniture . ich , very uptight , stand at the door while Nick go over the place . Nick open the closet . it 's pack with expensive dress , pants , sweater ... ich Nick ... nick ( face he ) if you be gonna give I a hard time , wait outside . Nick go through she chest of drawer : on the top , a lot of high quality lingerie . insert photo : the girl and kobo pose in a vintage corvette . Nick replace the picture , and carefully rearrange the drawer so it appear untouched . he pull open another drawer . then another . under the jeans and mickey mouse t-shirt , he find : a bank stack of U.S. currency in hundred . the bottom of the drawer be line with stack . Nick hold they up for ich to see . nick not too shabby for a perfume pusher . ich , shocked , try to play it cool . ich too bad it 's not in yen . Nick shove the drawer shut . CUT to : the girl - dusk - two day later the girl busy fruit from a stand as nick watch from one end of the block ; ich , listen to he transistor radio , wait at the other . the girl suddenly turn and find herself face nick a few yard away . Nick smile , then walk into the store , hope he have not be make . dissolve to : ext . girl apartment - night rain pour down . int . storeroom - night Nick , lean against the wall , watch the girl 's apartment across the street . the girl walk in , turn on she light , then disappear into the bathroom . ich walk in , exhaust , soak to the skin . he toss he cap in the corner . struck out again . ich work , lunch , grocery , laundry ... fabulous ... nick ( look back out the window ) four goddamn day . this be go nowhere ... a knock at the door . joyce ( o.s. ) it 's I . ich open the door . Joyce , dress for work , be carry two odon ( box dinner ) . Joyce and ich exchange greeting in japanese . joyce what 's the latest ? Nick shrug . ich we will get he , Joyce . Joyce peek out the window . the girl be get undress . joyce she ever pull down she shade ? nick ( right back at she ) sure , but then I just pull out the photo . ich open one of the box dinner and set it on the ledge in front of Nick . ich ( enthusiastically ) chikuwa , hampen , kobu , konnayaku , ganmodoki -- nick ichiro -- ich ( realize ) broil fish paste cake , kelp roll , soybean curd , devil tongue -- nick smell like bayonne at low tide . Joyce hand ich a flask of hot sake in tinfoil . nick whoa whoa ... Nick grab the flask . dump it out the window . joyce do not be a ass . nick he 's on duty . joyce I pay for that . Nick toss a few thousand yen on the table . then , spot something out the window . nick alley oop ! Nick grab he coat and go out the door . Joyce slip ich another flask of sake . CUT to : ext . STREET - ginza district - night it 's we girl stand alone on the corner of the street but you would not know it at first . she 's wear tight leather pants , red leather jacket , earring , bright red lipstick , and she 's dumped the pony - tail , allow she hair to fall to she waist . nick and ich watch in a doorway down the block . Nick 's shiver , he hand thrust in he army surplus jacket . ich do not mind the cold . he 's have he sake . three bosozoku riding they bike come around the corner drive past she , then circle back . one of the rider stop to talk to she , then drive off . she hurry off in the opposite direction . ich yakuza . nick good . very good ... CUT to : a subway station the girl wait until the last minute , then after glance back , step in the car . the train pull out . the car race past until we see -- Nick and ich stand inside of the last car . it disappear into the tunnel . CUT to : the shinzoa district - night the girl , on the move , push through the crowd . Drop back to find ich twenty yard behind . she cross the street . Nick , pretend to be look in a store window , pick she up . around the corner Nick have lose she . it 's a cul de sac with a dozen building . he 's stand in the middle of the street . ich catch up to he . nick she disappear ... shit ! ich you be too far behind . Nick do a double-take . ich ( recalling Nick 's word ) do not say anything more . do not do anything . and , for Christ 's sake , do not apologize ! dissolve to : ext . STREET - shinzoa district - night - later nick drop another cigarette butt to the ground . there 's a small pile at he foot . he 's lean against the wall watch one end of the block . track over to reveal ich , he back to Nick 's , watch the other end . ich glance back at Nick . Nick ignore he . ich turn back . ich nicklaus-san ! Nick turn to see the girl walk out of a bath house . she 's wear she ponytail again , with a black dress . she climb into a taxi . CUT to : ext . pink saron hostess club - night the girl climb out of the taxi and go inside . Nick and ich be watch from across the street . int . hostess club pack with salarymen from the nearby brewery and hostess in silk dress sell cheap champagne at expensive price . nick and ich walk in . everything seem normal . the bouncer in a white tux , stop they . this be not a place frequent by gaiijin . ich beseech the bouncer to let he good friend in , promise that he friend will spend lot of money . Nick , think he 's in , take a step forward . the bouncer shove he back . nick hey , no hand , huh ? he bat he hand away . ich grab Nick by the shoulder , prevent a fight . ich you can not come in . they do not want -- nick gaiijin . ich I will check it out . Nick , unsure , turn to go , but before he do : nick if I smell one drop of scotch on you breath , my friend -- ich you can trust I . Nick hesitates , he 's not so sure , then shove the door open . ext . hostess club Nick wait under the pink neon sign . int . hostess club - later ich be sit at the crowded bar . a hostess have she arm around he neck . he check out the room , search for the girl . he notice two thug stand outside a slide door . ich finish he drink . ich ( in japanese ) let I up . hostess ( shove he down ) sit , sweetie. ( to bartender ) another seagram ! ich relent . then , spot something across the room : what he sees : a rice paper door slide open , momentarily revealing a dozen man with close cropped hair sit on tatami mat , play poker . some have they coat off , revealing arm cover with tattoo . yakuza . a hostess , serve drink , step but leave the door partially open . the hostess slide the door open to the adjacent room , but ich cannot see inside . she slide it shut . ich 's hostess want he to buy another drink , but ich shake he head , get to he foot , and pretend to be drunk , stumble toward the slide door . ich bump into a table ; slap a stranger on the shoulder ; then start sing along with Frank Sinatra on the stereo . he 's a little too loud , a little off key . the bodyguard eye ich suspiciously . he stumble past they , then grab the slide door and yank it open . inside the room a low table . kobo be at one end . a older , distinguished , sliver - haire man in he seventies whom we will come to know as sugai be at the other . ich can not believe he eye : sugai be the head of the large yakuza syndicate in Japan . a half dozen lieutenant sit on either side of the table . half be older , dress in conservative suit ; the other half be young wear $ 700 issy miyake jacket . sugai and kobo be have a heat discussion . the girl ich and Nick have be follow walk over to kobo and sit beside he . this make sugai even more irate . he 's on he foot , red face and scream . four guard see ich , pull out they beretta 's . two more grab he and fling he head first against the wall . ich ( drunken , in japanese ) I have to piss , gentleman ... I be so sorry but I have to -- the bodyguard hurry he towards the door . ext . hostess club Nick check he watch , it 's be a hour - where the hell be ich ? ich come stumbling up the step , still affect he drunken , pigeon - to walk . Nick , of course , think ich have get drunk again . two of the bodyguard be watch from inside . nick I do not believe it ... ( grab he ) son-of -a-bitch -- ich , know they be be watch , grab Nick by the sleeve and drag he off still pretend to be drunk . ich ( under he breath ) I be not drunk ... nick we be through . I mean it . this be the end of the line , matsumoto . ich Nick -- nick shut-up . no longer fear he 's be watch , ich abruptly stop he affect walk , and sounding very sober -- ich you shut -up ! ( then ) kobo be inside . he 's with sugai , the head of the summaguchi-clan . across the STREET ich be dial on the police call box as he fill Nick in on sugai . ich ... a godfather . his man be kill at the printing plant . nick I want to yank kobo . ich not without a small army , Nicklaus - san . ich quickly speak on the police phone , then hang up , pleased with himself . nick ich , my name be Nick . not Nicklaus , not Nicklaus -san , not Nick -san . Nick . ich San be a honorable title . ich realize it 's better to drop it . CUT to : the hostess club - minute later drunken salarymen spill out the door . ich and nick be stand across the street wait for the cop to arrive . Nick freeze . the girl they have be follow step out and light a cigarette . time slow . she look up and spot the two man through the traffic . Nick turn away , afraid he 's be make . when he look back , she 's go back inside . nick shit ... Nick race across the street toward the club . horn blare . ich ( do not understand ) Nick ?! in front of the club Nick reach the curb just as the front door to the club burst OPEN . he 's too late . Three bodyguard burst out , check the street . a red and white debonnaire pull up . sugai , surround by a half - dozen additional bodyguard , come out and slip into the car . it tear off down the street . siren and police car from either end of the street peel around the corner . it 's a madhouse . the remain lieutenant and bodyguard fan out , try to elude arrest . Nick hurry down the step . inside the club the patron be still in place , but the two side room be empty . Nick spot kobo go out the rear entrance . he start after he but be confront by the bouncer who stop he earlier . Nick connect to the guy jaw before he adversary can raise he hand . the bouncer stagger back . Nick fly out the rear door . CUT to : ext . front of club - night several lieutenant and bodyguard toss they gun -- possession be a felony in Japan -- as the police close in . int . hostess club - night ich hurry in , but Nick 's long go . ext . rear of hostess club - nearby street - night silence . the narrow street be desert . Nick slowly make he way down the street . the SOUND of a gunshot . Nick duck for cover -- it 's a car backfiring . he continue on . Nick 's Pov of a woman give a man a blow - job in a narrow alley . the man 's face be hide by the shadow . Nick continue on . japanese man ( from the darkness ) people like Charlie be a dime a dozen . Nick turn back to see kobo as he step into the light . kobo toss a handful of change at Nick . kobo keep the change . nick I be take you back . the girl take off down the block . kobo here I be . from across the street , a dozen bodyguard appear from various doorway and alley . kobo Charlie be a rookie ... kobo trace he finger across the spot where he cut Nick in New York . kobo ... but you can take care of yourself . you be ' the biggest thing to hit this town since godzilla . ' Nick glance at the guard , then back at kobo . he be unarm . to make a move would be suicide . more police siren in the b.g. close in . kobo what 's the matter . I be right in front of you , Nick . ( take a step closer ) but I be right in front of you when you let Charlie die . kobo take a step forward . his face be inch from Nick 's . kobo walk away again . maybe you will get use to it . Nick do not budge . a long beat , then ... Nick turn and slowly walk off . after a dozen yard Nick look back . the street be empty , except for a street sweeper push he wet broom down the block . ext . hostess club - night a half dozen bodyguard be be frisk , then shove into police car . ohashi be talk to the enraged nightclub owner . Nick step up to he . ich hurry over . ich Nick ! nick ( to ohashi ) a few minute faster , we might have nail he . ohashi do not say a word , hand Nick a document . nick what 's this ? ohashi you visa have expire . be on a plane in twenty - four hour or you will be deport . nick while you be hang out at the visa office , we find the son-of - a - bitch . ohashi look . ohashi direct Nick 's attention across the street where a surveillance van be park . the rear door be open revealing a van full of surveillance equipment and cop . ohashi you ruin a on-go investigation that could have get we more than one runner . ( to ich , in japanese ) I want a full report in the morning , officer . ich bow as ohashi walk off . nick maybe if you would work with we -- ohashi ignore he , continue walk toward he wait car . nick ( shouting ) hey ...! ( ohashi keep walk ) hey , i'm talking to you , inspector ! ohashi ( he back toward Nick ) twenty - four hour , detective . ohashi slip into he car . Nick storm up to the car and slam he fist on the window . nick ohashi ! ohashi face straight ahead , ignore Nick . Nick take the extradition paper and spike it on the car antenna . ich grab Nick by he arm , pull he back from the car . the car pull away . ich Nick , stop ! Nick whirl , and before he realize what he 's do , punch ich below he leave eye . ich stumble back over the curb and land on he ass . nick damnit , ichiro , I be tired of people tell I what I can and can not do . no one ever solve anything sit on they ass . Nick , beside himself with frustration , watch ohashi 's car disappear down the block . on ich look up at nick who walk off without look back at he partner . CUT to : int . ich's bathroom - several hour later Nick , stand beside the tub , dump a pail of hot water over he head , rinsing himself off . he grab a towel and walk out of the room . int . ich's apartment ich , hold a ice pack to he face , be lie on a tatami mat against the wall look up at the ceiling . a open bottle of seagram beside he . Nick stretch out on another tatami on the opposite side of the room and look up at the ceiling , too . nick the ice help ? nothing from ich . nick where do this sugai live ? ich ( cold ) a resort city , beppu . nick I want to go talk to he . ich what ...? why ? nick because he know how to get to we man . ich he will never speak to a gaiijin . nick I will be a nice gaiijin . Nick get up and go to the closet . he slide open the door . all of he and Charlie 's clothes have be neatly hang up . he shove Charlie 's jacket aside . something 's wrong with the way it hang . he pull the jacket out , run he hand over the coat , feel something heavy in the lining . Nick rip the lining open . Charlie 's .32 beretta and a spare clip tumble out . nick the little bastard . God bless he . ich take a drink from he bottle . ich it 's very small . nick Big enough . ich it 's illegal , Nick . nick it 's a new deal . ( put it in he waist band ) ... come with I tomorrow ? ich sugai 's not go to be impressed with you gun , Nick . ( beat ) no . I will not put myself in danger for you anymore . Nick pick up the liquor cap which roll across the floor . he toss it to ich . ich reach for it , but miss . nick sure , pal . you have get better thing to do . Nick walk out shutting the door behind he . stay on ich watch the door , then -- CUT to : ext . las vega bar - close time the last customer find they way to the street , some with a little encouragement from a bouncer . Joyce step out . Nick come up to she . nick you know where I can get a decent cup of coffee this time of night ? I be buy . joyce somebody must be suffer somewhere , you be be so nice . Joyce take off down the street . Nick watch she for a beat . nick I need you help , Joyce . joyce where 's ich ? nick unavailable . CUT to : int . karaoke bar - night on the stage , a young professional look man be sing along to " summertime " blast from the stereo . the japanese way of let it all hang out . we find Joyce and Nick at a corner table have a drink . joyce I have hear of sugai . I have also hear of the emperor . they be both national treasure . one 's a hood . nick I need someone to translate for I . joyce my japanese be not that hot ... besides , you will never get in . nick it 's my last shot . I have to be on a plane home tomorrow night . joyce and I be suppose to care ? nick you could fake it . Joyce finish she drink , set it down . CUT to : ext . STREET - night the neon flicker on the rain slicked pavement . Nick and Joyce walk down the desert street . she 's carry a umbrella . joyce you be wrong to sell ich short . nick he drink . joyce he 's get a reason . Nick shrug , everyone 's get a reason . joyce his son hook up with some biker . yakuza kid . a cop shot he run from a robbery . Nick look over for the first time . joyce a father do not out live that kind of thing here , much less a police officer ... pause . nick where 's the wife ? joyce you meet she . Nick look surprised . joyce the woman in the apartment . she will not speak to he . but she will not leave either . Japan ... Nice , huh ? before Nick can respond , something catch he eye : what he see -- a man partially shadow , stand in the alley . Nick grab he gun . the man step out zipping up he trousers . it 's a drunken salaryman . Nick lower he gun . the salaryman stagger down the street sing to himself . joyce not wound too tight ... CUT to : ext . joyce's apartment build - night a three story modern building on a quiet street . she 's search for she key . joyce I would invite you up but I know you would hate the incense . ( as if to explain ) I chant . nick what do you chant ? joyce ' nam oyo range kyo . ' you think it 's dumb of course . nick not if it work . ( hold the door open for she ) I will meet you at the train ? joyce I do not remember say yes . nick I do not remember you say no . Joyce smile , head inside . CUT to : int . ich's apartment - dawn ich be sleep . Nick slip into he leather motorcycle jacket . he drop Charlie 's gun into he pocket . he glance down at ich , see if he 's awake . he 's not . Nick walk out . ich open he eye . he 's be awake the whole time . CUT to : the yanaka cemetery - day ich , wear a blue suit , be pour water over a simple stone with a wooden dipper . next , he place incense in a holder and fold he hand in prayer . the photo on the stone be of a young man wear a school uniform . ich 's son . dissolve to : a bullet train - day it 's bull 's - eye nose cone scud across the endless rice paddy west of Tokyo . woman in straw hat stand in the knee deep water pruning the rice by hand . Old Japan rub shoulder with the new . int . train - day close on nick look out the window as the countryside shoot past at 140 mph . from o.s. several child chant : " harrow , harrow . " Nick look over to see three uniform school child thrust they notebook and pen at he . joyce be sit across from Nick . joyce they want you autograph . nick who be I suppose to be ? joyce this little guy think you be Robert redford ... the other one think you be Charles bronson ... nick tell they I be not . she do , but the kid insist . joyce they will never go away . Nick , reluctantly sign . Joyce take one of the kid 's notebook before pass it back . joyce Mick Jagger ? Joyce smile , surprised at he choice . then , she look up shocked to see -- ich carry a gift wrap package under he arm . he 's wear he hat , blue suit and tie . ich sit across the aisle from Nick and Joyce . he do not say a word . face straight ahead . Nick look at Joyce , then back at ich . nick I be sorry , ichiro . I lose it last night . I should not have hit you . still nothing from ich . nick what 's in the box ? ich ( still not face he ) for sugai . caviar , french cheese , ham ... if you come to apologize for interrupt he meeting , sugai may feel obligate to see you . nick so I bring some cheese ? joyce gift be expect here . Nick nod , look back out the window . he will never understand this country . he look back to see -- Joyce look annoyed at he . Nick get the message . nick hey , ich ... thanks . I be glad you be here . I mean it . ich still will not acknowledge Nick . ext . bullet train the bullet train disappear into the foothills . ext . beppu - dawn plume of white steam spindle skyward from every street corner . if you do not know it be steam , you would think the city be on fire . beppu be a resort famous for it 's geothermal bath . ext . sugai be house the only traditional house we will see in we story . it 's surround by a pool of blood red steaming water from the hot spring . at the gate close on a 1000 yen bill as it be drop on the ground . a pair of dice roll over it . a handful of guard wear suit and tie be play crap . outside the gate ich be sit on the ground lean against the wall , sound asleep . Nick be stand nearby . he check he watch . tire of wait , he walk over to -- joyce read the manichi Daily . nick ( impatiently ) they take the gift a hour ago . the phone ring inside the gate . a guard pick it up . joyce ( certain it 's bad news ) all 's not lose . there 's a famous temple here . we could chant . the guard hang up , call out to Joyce . Joyce respond in japanese . the guard open the gate . nick we be in ? joyce the cheese ... int . a room in sugai' house a vast , austere , traditional room with slide rice paper door and tatami mat on the floor . ich and Joyce , drink tea , be sit with they foot beneath they in the traditional manor . Nick , smoking , be in a semi-sprawl ; use he tea cup as a ashtray . a lieutenant enter . he say something and beckon . they all rise . he say something else . joyce ( to Nick ) just you . int . another room - sugai' house Nick enter , ducking he head in the low doorway . the shoji slide shut behind he . the furnishings be minimal but elegant . there 's a butsudan , a tokonoma , and a low , long table in the middle of the room . no chair . Nick sit on the floor . a door slide open at the far end of the room . sugai , wear a kimono over western style suit , walk in . Nick stand up to shake he hand . sugai ignore it , and sit in the traditional position : foot tuck beneath he . sugai I will spare you the ritual . he toss he a palm size bundle . Nick catch it . Inside , be brand new greenback : hundred . nick this suppose to impress I ? he set it down . sugai pick it up . look at it . Nick hesitates , then pick it up again . he run he finger over the face of the bill and snap the paper . sugai Seven year work by the finest engraver . mass produce , sequentially numbered . the best there have ever be , Mr. conklin . nick I be impressed . but let 's use the short form . I be look for -- sugai -- kobo ... I know . he kill two of my partner . one in New York , one at the printing plant . sugai fill a cup of tea for Nick and hand it to he . nick I do not drink tea . sugai hand it to he anyway . sugai I take kobo from the street . I give he a home , a future ... but my way be too slow for he ... I serve seven year in prison for my boss when I be a young man . kobo would not serve seven minute for he oyabun . ( sip he tea ) he be suppose to take over this syndicate when I retire . nick I want he . sugai he will be deal with . sugai set a plastic wrap object on a table before Nick . Nick recognize it from the restaurant massacre in New York . close up : Nick 's finger tear at the plastic . a block of black iridescent polymer . the negative image of a $ 100.00 bill . a printing plate . sugai we associate in New York be close to close a deal with we . nick the family who control the casinos ? sugai yes . unlike we syndicate , you criminal do not understand the word ' honor ' and ' duty ' ... we can not afford not to deal with they . sugai take the plate back . sugai imagine if you family could pay they gambling and drug debt with perfect counterfeit buy for cent on the dollar . nick the fed would be onto you in a month . sugai not with this bill . and even if it only take they six month , do you know what we profit margin would be ? Nick look at a child play near one of the hot pool in sugai 's garden . nick why tell I this ? sugai the other plate be currently in New York , in the hand of kobo 's man . find it for I . nick you trust I ? sugai I will pay you . Nick laugh at sugai 's audaciousness . nick ( indicate the counterfeit bill ) with this ? sugai swiss bank deposit . gold bullion . whatever you want . you know the city and the police . nick if I say no ? sugai you be smarter than kobo . you know the price of deceit . think about it . nick I do not have to . sugai cool . without a word he get to he foot and start toward the door . nick I have ten hour to grab my man . on sugai still walk with he back to Nick . nick ( o.s. ) you will not get hurt . sugai turn to see Nick , across the room , point the beretta at he head . CUT to : int . room - sugai be house - moment later the room where ich and Joyce be wait . sugai enter . they surprise turn to shock when they see Nick behind he hold a gun to the old man 's head . ich no ... nick let 's go . him first . ich Nick , you can not do this . nick it 's do . ( to Joyce ) you do not have to come . she have not move a muscle . int sugai be house - entrance way sugai watch calmly as Nick , ich , and Joyce put they shoe on . Nick keep the gun on he . CUT to : ext . sugai' courtyard Nick step out of the house . he now have one end of a wire coat hanger loosely wrap around sugai 's neck , the other end around he wrist . his gun be press just beneath sugai 's ear . if nick get shot , so do sugai . a handful of guard stand in the courtyard , one be polish sugai 's debonnaire car . they spot Nick and sugai come , and immediately pull they gun . nick explain to they . they shoot I , they kill you . ( sugai hesitates ) do it ! sugai explain to he lieutenant . they stand helpless as Nick walk sugai toward the car . nick grab the key , ich , and get inside . ich no . nick not now , man , okay , not now . work with I . ich take the key from the man polish the car . he get inside . Joyce hurry in bedside he . ich you do not know what you be do . Nick slide sugai in the back seat , carefully reach over and shut the door . nick start it . ich ( terrify ) I can not ... joyce slide over . Joyce , furious at Nick , start the car , get behind the wheel . ich get in on the other side . she spin the car around . the gate open . they tear off . CUT to : ext . STREET - beppu - day the car burst through the funnel of steam from the hot - spring beneath the street . it tear down the narrow block dodging traffic . Joyce be concentrate hard on the road . nick ( to ich ) where 's somewhere safe ? nothing from ich . he 's still apoplectic . joyce ( angrily ) you come up with the first part . CUT to : ext . kudan love HOTEL - beppu a four story concrete hotel , strictly for make love . " Love hotel " exist all over Japan . each have various theme : western , fifty drive in , Star Wars , etc. , each complete with music and lighting effect . int . HOTEL room western style . plastic five foot cacti in front of the western vista on the wall . a hitching post at the head of the bed . cowboy hat and boot at the other end . sugai hang up the phone and turn to Nick and Joyce who be sit nearby . ich hang up the extension . sugai kobo will meet I here tomorrow . ten a.m . ich nod , confirm that what sugai say be true . nick good . sugai he will find out you take I . I be unprotect . he will kill we . all of we . you do not stand a chance . ich , know sugai be right , look at Nick . Nick flip ich the gun . nick not if we be careful . ich check to make sure the gun be load , then watch as Nick escort Joyce out of the room . CUT to : a HOTEL room across the hall fifty theme . the front end of a pink chevy curve around the bed . a " drive - in " movie screen along one wall . Nick be drop change into the vintage wurlitzer . Joyce step in , leave the door open . joyce you be out of you mind . I be leave . Nick do not respond . joyce you will get ich kill . nick no one 's keep he here . joyce bullshit , Nick . and do not tell I this be all just about Charlie . it 's not . nick why would you care ? that push she over the line . joyce bastard ... she move toward he , enraged . Nick grab she arm . joyce let go . he will not . joyce you be out of you mind . he grip she tighter . CUT to : the room - later Nick and Joyce , only partially undress , be make love on the floor . the drifter sing " under the boardwalk " can be hear on the wurlitzer . the fifty decor , the music , it 's all pretty incongruous . CUT to : ext . love HOTEL - dawn Nick be put Joyce in a taxi . he shut the door . joyce I still think you be a bastard . nick what if I chant ? joyce would not help . ( beat ) watch out for ich . he nod . the cab drive off . Nick watch she taxi until it be out of sight , around a corner , then head inside . CUT to : nick - later walk into sugai 's room . sugai 's asleep on the bed . ich be vigilantly sit awake in the corner , the gun rest on the table in front of he . nick better wake he up . CUT to : ext . love HOTEL - later quiet . the wind twirl a discard newspaper in the parking lot . inside the love HOTEL - hallway a young giggling couple step out of a door , arm in arm , and disappear down the hall . STAR war music from one room . hawaiian music from another . the camera find the close elevator door . it open , kobo step out , follow by a half - dozen more man all carry sig - saur assault rifle -- very heavy artillery . CUT to : sugai wear he hat and coat be sit on the couch , he back to we , face out the window . Drop down to -- the room beneath he a couple be make love in the Hawaiian theme room . the door burst open . two man , cradling sig - saur rifle in they arm , step in . they aim at the ceiling , blast into sugai 's room above . the girl start scream . the man ignore she and continue to pump bullet into the ceiling . kobo and he men stop in front of every door long enough to blast into the room . they make they way down the hall . a naked man step into the hallway and be matter - of - factly gun down . kobo and he man stop in front of sugai 's room . int . sugai be room sugai , wear he hat , be slump down on the couch which have be splinter by the bullet from below . outside the room kobo signal the man . all six open - up through the door . inside the room the door , what 's leave of it , be kick open . the six man step in , shoot in all direction : into the bathroom door , into the closet ... window shatter , mirror fall , total destruction . they stop . silence . kobo walk up to sugai who be slump on the couch . he lift up he hat . it 's a cowboy mannequin wear sugai 's clothes . the elevator door open . a dozen of sugai 's man carry machine pistol come out . the outside balcony Nick and ich lie on they belly , gun out . inside the room kobo 's man turn . sugai 's man open-up . Three of kobo 's hitter go down . the other try to flee into the adjoin room . kobo go for the balcony . the balcony as kobo step out . he step right into -- nick who slam the side of kobo 's head with the butt of he gun . the room Nick and ich drag kobo in by he jacket collar . sugai , very much alive , walk in from the hallway . nothing be say . sugai look at kobo for a long beat , then walk out . CUT to : int . sugai be house - day kobo stand alone in the middle of a tatami room . his face be badly beat . his hand be bound . two guard stand near the wall . Nick and ich stand across the room . sugai wear a western suit , be ask kobo question in japanese . sugai bark at he again . kobo refuse to answer . sugai pull up a shuto -- a 18 inch knife -- from it 's scabbard . sugai ( in japanese ) contact you associate in New York and tell he to hand my plate over to abolofia . nothing from kobo . sugai you have betrayed the syndicate and personally dishonor I . I would rather the deal fall through than ... the guard walk over and turn kobo around . his back be to sugai . sugai run the sword across the nape of kobo 's neck draw blood . the guard tighten they grip on kobo 's arm . nick can not believe sugai 's go to kill he . Nick start to get up , ich stop he . kobo realize sugai be not just threaten he . kobo no ... I will arrange it . dissolve to : the room - later kobo be lead back into the room by two guard . the guard shove he down to the floor . his hand be still bound . Nick walk over and stand above he . he do not say a word . just stand above he . then , Nick pull spare change from he pocket and slowly drop the coin , one by one , in front of kobo 's face , like kobo do to he . he walk away . sugai step in . sugai abolofia 's person have receive the plate . it 's do . a door open at the far end of the room . it 's kobo 's girlfriend , the one Nick and ich have be follow . she start toward kobo ; a lieutenant intercept she . sugai ( in japanese ) I want you to see he like this . girl ( in japanese ) let he go , father . on ich realize she 's sugai 's daughter . girl ( in japanese ) you be too old ... sugai ( in japanese ) that 's enough . sugai turn away and pick up the sword . the guard clutch kobo. sugai 's go to kill kobo after all . the girl scream at he to stop . sugai 's oblivious . nick ( o.s. ) that be not we deal . sugai you want he dead too . nick after a court convict he . he belong to I . there 's a long pause . then , something unusual happen . sugai tell the lieutenant to unfasten kobo 's wrist . when he do , sugai hand kobo the sword and demand that he cut off he finger . this be yubitsume : the ritual act within the yakuza of slice the joint of the little finger to atone for a mistake . kobo , not believe in this ancient tradition , refuse . sugai nod to a guard who place kobo 's finger on the table . kobo stare defiantly at sugai . he do not even wince as the blade slice off he finger . the guard hand sugai the finger in a handkerchief . sugai ( look at Nick ) if anything happen to abolofia or my plate , detective ... hold on Nick then -- CUT to : ext . train - day as it burst out of a tunnel on it 's way to Tokyo . int . train - day kobo be sit by the window , he hand cuffed in front of he . another pair of cuff chain he to the arm rest . Nick pour a drink from a airline -size bottle of scotch . he hold it out to ... ich . it 's he first drink in a week . nick just one , compadre ... kampai . ich kampai . they clink glass . ich drink it down . nick it take 12 year to make it , you could take five minute to drink it . ich slow down . nick you do great , ichiro . ich I call ohashi , he will be wait . ( smile ) I like he wait . ich get up . ich need ice . he head for the bar car , leave kobo and Nick alone . kobo look out the window at the people work the rice paddy , then back down the aisle at the salarymen in they identical suit , then at the woman separate from they . kobo Ugly ... a couple of thousand year they have be bound by this little rule . look in . always afraid . Ugly little life ... nick save it , I already take the tour . kobo you be a lucky man . where you come from a man can stand out . it 's expect . here a man be make to look a fool for stand out . Nick be not pay much attention . kobo I like you friend , Joyce . you be lucky . nick guess I be on a roll . kobo she 's such a long way home for you . nick time , I have get plenty of . a raucous salaryman come down the aisle , sing a enka , sway with the train , bump into seat . a common enough sight and ignore by the rest of the passenger . the salaryman stumble and fall across Nick 's lap . nick ( help he up ) hey , hey , come on , blow ... the salaryman bow deep . Nick ignore it . the man move on . kobo look out the window , the train begin to slow as it approach the next station . kobo ( matter -of -factly ) this be my stop . nick I be amused . kobo do not be . Nick look up to see kobo calmly finger a lock of blond hair tie with black ribbon . Joyce 's ribbon . Joyce 's hair . kobo I have she . Nick look down the car . the drunk salaryman who stumble over Nick be quite sober . he make the hand - off to kobo . kobo hold out he wrist . Nick hesitates . kobo ( matter -of -factly ) I will kill she . Nick , reluctantly , unlock both set of cuff . the train pull into the station . kobo I want the plate from you pal , sugai . when you get it , you get she . kobo get up , start down the aisle . nick sugai will not give it to I , you know that . kobo then take it from he . kobo get off the train . nick follow he to the door . the station kobo get into a wait jaguar . four guard nearby . inside the train Nick run down the length of the car try to keep the jaguar in sight as the train pull out ... the car be go . nick burst into the pack bar car . nick ichiro ?! everyone turn around . no ich . CUT to : ext . train - train station - tokyo it slow into the station . int . train Nick shove past the passenger line up in the vestibule , ignore a conductor 's angry shout . int . terminal - moment later the train stop . Nick fly out and start run , dodging the crowd . Three uniform policeman , include ohashi 's assistant , hurry toward he ; they be dismay to find that kobo be go . nick where 's ohashi ? instead of offer he help , the policeman grab he and slap a pair of handcuffs on Nick 's wrist . nick what the hell be you do ?! CUT to : holding cell - tokyo police station Nick , wait alone in the cell . it 's be hour . a door at the end of the hall open . ohashi stop in front of he cell . ohashi you plane leave at six . two officer will escort you . nick for God 's sake , ohashi , I need you help . let I out of here ! ohashi you have my help , detective . nick if anything happen to she while I be here -- ohashi -- do you know where she be , detective ? do you know how to find she ? even where to start ? we will find they . nick I have to get to sugai . ohashi Goodbye , officer . ohashi keep walk . nick ohashi ! the loud clank of metal on metal . ohashi 's go . nick ( yell at the top of he lung ) ohashi !! hold on Nick , he finger squeezing the bar in rage , then -- CUT to : ext . road - day flood rice paddy stretch to the distance on either side of the road . we pan over to kobo at a phone kiosk outside a gas station . kobo ( in japanese ) yes . do it . int . sugai be house - at that moment kobo 's girl , sugai 's daughter , hang up the phone . she 's be on the other end of the line . int . sugai be room the door swing open . sugai be sit on the floor . the girl be carry a tray of tea . beneath the tray , we spot something else -- the butt of a short - blade tanto . CUT to : ext . narita airport - tokyo - day a police car roll through the service gate . we see Nick inside the car along with two police guard . int . holding room - narita airport a white room . no chair . jet engine can be heard through the wall . Nick be sit on the floor , defeat . he do not look up when he hear someone enter . ich ( o.s. ) I will tell you one thing . you can not solve a thing sit on you ass . Nick look up . ich be in uniform . a revolver and batton hang from he white web gear . his undershirt bulge through he khaki shirt . he look ridiculous . Nick have never see a more beautiful sight . CUT to : int . police car ich be drive . Nick be seat behind a cage in the back seat . his hand be cuffed . ich be drive through the freight area towards a perimeter guard . nick I be ready to have you ass for take off on I . ich I follow they . a hour from the train station . nick how many man ? ich I could not tell . nick Joyce ? ich I do not know . nick we need the plate to negotiate with . ich nod . ext . at the gate - tokyo airport the car slow . ich speak rapidly to the guard show he he papers . the guard take a good hard look at Nick . time stand still ... he wave they through . Nick can breath again . nick you know , ichiro , you just burn you bridge . ich be silent for a moment . he hand Nick 's beretta back through the partition . so it go . ich Rest . Nick look for ich 's eye in the rearview mirror . the little cop keep drive , he eye on the road . dissolve to : ext . STREET - bepuku - day Nick and ich be stand outside they car . the Police radio crackle from inside . what they see : a large crowd gather outside of sugai 's estate . Police have cordon off the area . a empty ambulance be park out front with various other car : debonnaire 's , cadillac 's ... a boy in short be endlessly bounce a ball against the compound wall . whatever happen be long over . ich flip off the radio . ich someone attack he . nick now we have get nothing to negotiate with . CUT to : ext . road - dusk the police car streak across endless field . inside the car Nick be at the wheel . he rub the sleep from he eye . ich be slump down in the seat watch the road . ich pull out a cigarette . Nick light it for he . nick Joyce tell I about you family . it 's tough ... ich look up surprised . ich thank you . ( beat ) you have one ? nick a wife . she leave . ich I be sorry . nick I too . ich glance over at Nick , then back at the road . nick rub out he cigarette and press down on the accelerator . dissolve to : ext . kobo' hideout - dawn a small , contemporary house perch on a dry piece of land . a paved road , line with dense foliage run on a berm between the flood rice paddy . on nick and ich sit in the car watch from a hillside turnoff . there 's no easy way in . nick let 's go . ich hand Charlie he shuto -- a 18 inch long knife . nick what 's that for ? ich luck . Nick tuck the shuto inside he jacket . nick thanks . Nick open up he door and climb out . ich you know , Nick , we can not lose . nick ( stop ) why 's that ? ich because we be the biggest thing to hit this town since godzilla . CUT to : the dirt road lead to the house line with foliage . the rice paddy on either side . CUT to : nick and ich make they way through the waist high water . two worker with they hoe make they way into the water . they do not see we cop . our cop make they way along the edge of the road . the SOUND of a motorcycle come . the motorcycle rider slow and drop a gear as he turn off the main road and onto the dirt berm toward the house . he 's one of kobo 's bosozoku -- a long way from the street of Tokyo . the rider come around the bend to see -- a cop stand in a uniform . ich . for a moment he do not know what to do . then , he draw a pistol from he belt and accelerate toward ich . ich stand he ground as the bike close in . the biker take aim . ich drop off to the side as -- nick rise from a ditch and swing a hoe at the rider as he pass , catch the man across the face . the rider drop like a swat fly . the biker 's momentum carry it a few yard before it fall and skid to a halt . Nick hurry to the bike . ich drag the biker off the road , then catch up to he partner . nick and ich raise the heavy bike . Nick mount . he take the rider helmet and goggle from ich , and put they on . ich what be you go to do ? Nick do not know exactly . he tap the bike into gear , it torque like a mule . there 's a lot more juice here than he 's use to . Nick fishtail for a minute , then get the hang of it . ich head off take another route . int . house kobo and sugai' daughter be put the last of they belonging into a suitcase . she hand he the plate -- sugai 's plate . kobo kiss she as he slip it into he breast pocket . the SOUND of a motorcycle approach from outside . ext . the house kobo step out , and not recognize Nick , raise he hand to greet what he think be one of he man . on nick bear down on kobo . on kobo as Nick keep come . he be unable to see clearly until Nick be almost on top of he . nick dump the bike at the foot of the stair and leap on kobo . Nick and kobo roll off the narrow porch . Nick break free . he be not fight fair this time . he slam he foot into kobo 's face and rib . kobo try to get up , but Nick knee he in the chin . a woman cry out in japanese . Nick turn to see joyce stand at the top of the step . a biker be press the muzzle of a sig - saur assault rifle on she . kobo 's girl be beside they hold a small pistol . kobo get to he foot . the biker toss kobo the rifle . kobo work the charge lever and hold the weapon at he side . he have all the time in the world . kobo whirl and kick Nick in the groin . Nick fall to he knee in agony . kobo tower above Nick as he do in the alley in New York . kobo still on you knee , Nick ? kobo walk off , he back to Nick . kobo there 's nothing you can do for I anymore . I have the plate . sugai 's dead . no there be something . he walk up to the step to Joyce . kobo you can tell I who I should shoot first . Nick struggle to get to he foot . kobo turn and face Nick at the foot of the step . ich appear behind kobo and take he down with a amazing display of baton work that show a lifetime of training . he grab the gun . a biker burst out of the door . ich fire , hit he in the thigh . he drop he gun . sugai' daughter grab the gun . nick tackle she , and wrestle the gun away . she grab for it . Nick slug she . a gun blast ich be hit in the back of he shoulder , fall onto the porch . kobo the shooter , be hold a pistol -- a Glock 17 automatic . he fire at nick and joyce who scramble for cover . kobo continue fire as he climb onto a motorcycle . he pop the clutch and fly off down the road . Nick fire after he , but kobo 's go . nick ( to ich ) you all right ? ich yes ... nick ( to Joyce ) call for help . Nick mount the other bike , and put the turbo charge rocket into gear . the road rain pour down as kobo turn onto the main road . he open up the throttle , and in less than a second , he 's a scream dot in the distance . nick come around the same corner . his bike fishtail and slide out from under he . further down the road kobo tear past a police car . the police car take off after he . the foothills a series of steep switchback traverse the steep , densely forest hill . kobo 's bike fly up the road . the police car can not keep up , begin lose ground . the police car go flat out , fall further and further behind . kobo 's go to escape . suddenly Nick , bent low , shoot past the cop car . his leave arm be scrape and bloody . on kobo glance back , to see Nick gain on he . kobo 's pleased . he give it more gas . nick pull eight - five ... ninety ... one hundred . the rain sting he face . it 's hard to keep he eye open . the foothills kobo lean into one of the steep turn , climb higher and higher toward the cloud cling to the top of the peak . nick be gain on he . he hear something come up behind he . a bosozoku the one ich shot in the leg , be close fast on he tail . on nick as the biker draw even . the biker pull out he long knife and slashes at Nick 's shoulder . Nick drop back cause he to miss . the biker drop back . Nick try to speed up , but the biker stick with he . he 's a good rider , this boy . very , very good . the biker move in again , blade draw . nick sees something the biker do not . a truck come around the corner . nick swerve to avoid it at the last moment . the biker react too late and run -- into the gleaming radiator of the two ton truck , and disappear beneath its wheel . on kobo around the bend , glance back . empty road . he ease up on the throttle -- a free man ... he circle back only to see nick burst around the corner charge toward he at a hundred - and - twenty mile per hour , in the drive rain . kobo wait and wait . Nick draw closer . then , kobo tear off back down the mountain , shoot past Nick . Nick brake ... he slow down , and start to turn , but the wheel whirl on the gravel and the bike go into a skid , head right for the edge of the road . CUT to : nick's motorcycle fly over the edge of the road , and down the cliff . CUT to : the edge of the road Nick , lie on he stomach at the edge of the cliff , he arm be probably break . he try to get up with a one arm push up . it 's hopeless . his head fall into a puddle of water . the whine of a approach motorcycle . kobo have come back for he . Nick , in excruciate pain , struggle for he gun . kobo bear down on Nick . nick struggle to get he gun . finally he do . but it 's cake in mud . if the barrel be stuff it will explode . Nick have to take the chance . on kobo closer and closer . nick aim as best he can and fire . the mud cake gun explode in he hand . Nick scream in agony . kobo pull he bike up inch in front of Nick 's head . Nick seem to be bleed everywhere : he hand , he nose , he mouth , the side of he head ... kobo 's face and neck be cake in blood from when Nick beat he . the rain pour down . he pick up the gun . point it at Nick , squeeze the trigger . kobo ( slowly ) bang ... bang ... he toss the gun in front of Nick 's face . kobo ... you be dead . the sound of approach Police siren . kobo swing the bike around , go a hundred yard down the road , then swing back . kobo gun the engine . he gain speed ... thirty , thirty - five . nick struggle to get up . he can not . kobo open the throttle . nick crawl a few inch , that 's it . kobo twenty yard away . nick reach into he coat and pull ich 's 18 inch shuto out . he roll away at the last moment , slashing kobo 's ankle as he race past . kobo scream in pain . he try to stop too suddenly . the bike flip over . kobo fly into the air then hit the pavement on he side and roll a few yard down the road . he stop on he back . it 's lucky he 's alive . the SOUND of fast approach police siren . the plate have fall out of kobo 's jacket . it rest in the road , halfway between the two man . kobo crawl toward it on he belly . nick muster all he strength , struggle across the road on all four . kobo crawl snake-like . nick still move , he arm and leg feel like lead . kobo' finger as they reach for the plate . nick grab kobo 's wrist force he to drop the plate . Nick pick up a rock . it look as if he 's go to smash kobo 's head . instead , he bring it down on the plate , shatter it in a half - dozen piece . Nick toss the piece in front of kobo 's face . nick keep the change . Nick , exhaust , slowly fall onto he back . he look over at kobo , they face be inch apart . Nick make a slashing mark with he index finger above he eyebrow . the same gesture kobo make to Nick through the two - way mirror in New York . Nick pass out . his eye shut ... the screen ... fade to black . black screen the SOUND of three police car screeching to a halt . the sound of the police siren wind down . the siren get softer mixing with the SOUND of ringing phone , clacking typewriter , voice ... fade in : int . tokyo police headquarters fifty identical desk . fifty identically dress man in white shirt and tie work under fluorescent light . ohashi be at he desk study a report . suddenly , the light go out . the fan 's stop , so do the electric typewriter . ohashi look up to see -- ich walk toward he down the long aisle , he leave arm be bandage , he right hand handcuff to kobo on crutch . ich silently lead the capture man down the long aisle to ohashi 's desk . ich stop in front of the desk and snap to attention . ich constable ichiro matsumoto present capture prisoner kobo , Chief Inspector ohashi . ich salute . ohashi Inspector ohashi will take charge of the prisoner . ich uncuff kobo and step aside to reveal -- nick stand at the far end of the room by the fuse box . he 's also bandage and on crutch . Nick look at ohashi without say a word , then flip the main switch up . the light and fan start work . he turn and walk out the door . CUT to : ext . police courtyard - a few day later a small decoration ceremony . on ichiro get two golden sun pin to the lapel of he dress uniform . in the far corner nick , joyce and ichiro 's wife , dress in a formal kimono , watch the ceremony . CUT to : int . japanese restaurant - tokyo - day Joyce and Nick be sit alone at a table . Nick 's leave arm in in a sling . nick can not make you change you mind ? joyce last time you ask I to come along I nearly get a hole in my head . nick might be different in New York . joyce maybe . if I come visit , we can find out . nick I would like that . ich sit down with two fresh bowl of soba noodle . Nick hesitates . ich you can do it . Nick pick up he chopstick with he good hand . he begin to slurp the noodle . ich louder , pal , louder . nick Joyce , give the assistant Chief Inspector a drink , would you ? as Joyce refill all they cup we ... slowly dissolve to : ext . EIGHT three precinct - new york CITY - day it 's raining . a sun shower . int . police station capt . Oliver be stand by the window watch the rain pour down . oliver ... remember , counterfeit be the fed . they will be all over abolofia 's place . stick tight . you i.d. the other plate , he do real time . nick right . reveal Nick sit in front of Oliver 's desk , he one arm be still in a sling . Nick get to he foot . oliver ( still not face he ) you know , Nick , if you would hold on to that plate , you could have be a very rich man . Oliver turn to face Nick . Nick just look at he , then : nick never cross my mind . Oliver nod ; he believe he . oliver be careful on the run . CUT to : int . squad BAY - night in contrast to the japanese police station -- it 's chaos . cop be in every imaginable kind of dress , trash can over flow , a handcuff prisoner scream abuse to anyone who will listen . the raiding party a dozen man in all , be don flak jacket and windbreaker with police and treasury stencile on the back . nick walk in with two heavy bullet proof vest sling over he shoulder . he squeeze past the raid party to find ich sit at a desk , thumbing through a frommer 's guide to New York City . Nick drop one of the vest on the desk . it land like a ton of brick . ich continue to read . a sergeant walk in . sergeant saddle up . hard team in the first unit . conklin , you rmp await . the cop and treasury man , grab they gear , head for the door . Nick be struggle to get into he vest use one arm . nick sure you want to come ? probably better than the greyline Tour . ich stand up , shove the guidebook in he back pocket . he help Nick fasten the strap in back . ich you would not make it without I . Nick smile , take the frommer 's out of ich 's pocket and toss it into the trash . Nick hand he a shotgun , take another one off the rack for himself . we watch from behind as the two man head down the long hallway toward the exit . ich think we will get he , Nick ? nick we can not lose . ich how can you be so sure ? Nick open the door at the far end of the hallway . they step out into the sunlit rain . nick Cause you be the biggest thing to hit this town since ... before Nick can finish he line , the door slam shut behind they . fade to black . the end