black swan written by Mark heyman , Andres heinz &amp ; John mclaughlin January 11 , 2010 1 int . dark stage - night 1 open credit : a spotlight slice black space . in its beam , a dancer materialize . she be fair-skinn . beautiful and pure . the maiden twirl on Pointe , a smile on she face , light as air and carefree . she pause , she face grow worried . sense someone watch . scare , she peer into the darkness . she move now , look , grow more frantic . then , a sinister man emerge out of the darkness behind she . she stumble backwards , frighten . she try to escape , twirling away , but he pursue . his true form be reveal , the demon rothbart . he fling he open hand towards she , casting the spell . she want to scream , but nothing come out . she look at she body , sense something happen to she . something terrifying . she spin , panic , but it 's too late . she disappear beneath the beast 's cape . she emerge as the white swan , the iconic protagonist of swan lake . CUT to black . 2 int . nina's bedroom - morning 2 in the darkness , a pair of eye . they belong to nina , the same dancer . she lie awake in bed , think about she dream . the room look like it have not be redecorate since she be a teenager . stuff animal . doll . pink and frilly . the door open , throw light on she face . Nina look towards the door and smile softly at whoever open it . Nina sit up and hang she bare feet off the side of the bed . like all ballerinas , she 's beautiful and she foot be atrocious . cover in corn , break blister and bunion . she arch they , do she first extension of the day . 2. 3 int . live room - morning 3 the room be empty of furniture to leave space for dance . a large mirror cover the opposite wall entirely . Nina rub she knee to get they warm , and then begin she morning exercise , extend and contracting she foot and leg in precise and rhythmic motion . the skin on she chest stretch tautly over she sternum . define vertebrae run up she back , sinewy muscle contract as she move . her slender neck lead into she hair , contain in a ballerina 's bun . Nina look serene as she move , completely in she element . she hear someone fussing about in the kitchen . nina ( while stretching ) I have the most amazing dream last night . I be dance the White swan . no answer . nina ( cont 'd ) different choreography , like the bolshoi 's . it be the prologue , when rothbart cast he spell . still no answer . Nina continue to stretch . 4 int . kitchen - morning 4 Nina sit at the table . a older woman , erica , place a poached egg and a quarter-grapefruit in front of she . erica you be in a good mood . nina I be just excited to get back . erica off-season always make you grumpy . nina ( re : grapefruit ) look how pink . so pretty . 2a . erica nina ( inside joke ) ( inside joke ) pretty . pretty . they giggle and erica resume pack Nina 's shoulder bag with extra clothing , shoe , snack fill tupperware , duct tape , ribbon , thread , etc . nina ( cont 'd ) plus he promise to feature I more . erica he certainly should . you be the most dedicated dancer in the company . Nina smile , comfort , and begin take she vitamin . erica walk over with a sweatshirt and hold it above she . Nina pull it over she head and start to push she arm through the sleeve . 3. erica ( cont 'd ) ( noticing something ) what 's that ? nina what ? erica there . erica point to she shoulder . Nina feel and find a small scratch MARK . she shrug and shake she head . erica give she a suspicious look , but let it go and smile . Nina finish pull down the sweatshirt . erica hug Nina into she chest and kiss the top of she head . erica ( cont 'd ) sweet girl . erica release she and Nina begin eat . 5 int . subway train - day 5 Nina ride inside a crowded subway , stare absentmindedly at she faint reflection in the train 's window . suddenly , another train roar by on the opposite track , snap she awake . in the next train car , she see the back of a ballerina stand in the midst of the crowd . her head bop to music play through ipod earphone . Nina move a strand of hair out of she eye , and at that exact moment , the girl in the next car move in the same way . mirror she . unnerve , Nina slowly lower she arm . so do the other girl . although Nina can not quite see she face , the girl seem identical from Nina 's vantage point . 4. the train jerk to a stop as it arrive at a station . Nina see the girl head to the exit . she crane to see she face , but she view 's obscure . the door slide shut and the train pull out . Nina watch the platform whisk by , keep she eye peel , but she do not see the girl . 6 omitted 6 7 ext . lincoln CENTER - day 7 Nina emerge from the subway station onto a city street . she arrive at the majestic - looking theater , where a few other ballerinas likewise trickle towards the entrance . they all look strangely similar : slender , carry shoulder bag , wear legging and loose sweatshirt . she pass a row of poster feature the company 's prima ballerina , beth macintyre . Nina look at they , a little envious , before continue on to the stage door . 8 int . soloist dressing room - day 8 cramme into a single dress room , Nina and the company 's 5 soloist get ready for rehearsal . chatt , sewing ribbon onto shoe , apply makeup , put band - aid on blister . Nina remove a new pair of ballet shoe , admire they for a moment , before cut off the satin toe with scissors . in the background , catty veronica and Russian galina gossip . veronica can not believe she 's back . galina of course she be . veronica she can not take a hint ? company 's break . no one come to see she anymore . soloist 1 no one come to see ballet period . 5 . veronica that 's not true , I hear the Royal have one of they best season yet . galina he need to try something new . veronica no , someone new . soloist 1 like who ? veronica like someone who 's not approach menopause . they snicker . nina I think it 's sad . veronica what 's sad ? nina Beth 's such a amazing dancer . galina so 's my grand - mother . nina fonteyn dance into she 50' ... veronica ( rolling eye ) yeah , we know . irked , Nina start pounding the shoe against the floor to soften the toe . her eye be draw to a new girl stand in the doorway . Nina pause to scrutinize she . she wear vampy make - up , hair down . Dark and sexy . new girl soloist ? wary , the girl mumble mmm-hmm 's and nod . new girl ( cont 'd ) great . 6. she slink past the suspicious group of girl and plop down at a open spot . new girl ( cont 'd ) Fucking get off the wrong stop and have to hoof it from 79th . Nina exchange glance with the other girl , take aback . the new girl notice the look , smirk to herself and start get ready . 9 int . large rehearsal space - day 9 Nina wear a look of intense concentration as the entire company warm up , include the pubescent corp member and a handful of male dancers . legs , hand , and feet repeat the same movement all around she , lead by a severe ballet mistress . ballet mistress to the back , fondu , to the back , plie . fourth , fourth , and one and fifth , to the back ... ( to a corps member ) like this . push it . why can not you do this ? use the mirror , Nina monitor she movement carefully . the mistress surprise she . ballet mistress ( cont 'd ) it need to be looser . relax . let it flow . fluster , Nina nod and try to follow she instruction . suddenly , the girl around Nina begin stripping off they sweatshirt and insulate pants . Nina see that the intense and brood director of the company , thomas leroy , have enter the space . he have the unkept look of a artist . magnetic and intense . the ballerinas remove they warm - up gear to show off they body . leroy walk around the room , judge he flock . smile and glance be throw he way . he go up to the ballet mistress , take she hand and kiss she on the cheek . even she manage a smile . 7. he head to the line of soloist , study they . leroy we all know the story : virginal girl , pure and sweet , trap in the body of a swan . she desire freedom , but only true love can break the spell . he tap a dancer on the shoulder , she light up . he walk , then tap another . a selection process of some kind . Nina look nervous , have a inkling of what it mean . leroy ( cont 'd ) her wish be grant in the form of a prince . he near Nina . she sneak peek at he , eager and hopeful . he acknowledge she with a small nod and a smile . but he walk on without tapping she . she deflate . leroy ( cont 'd ) but before he can declare he love , she lustful twin , the Black swan , trick and seduce he . he approach the New girl . Nina watch , threaten . but he do not tap she either . leroy ( cont 'd ) devastate , the White swan leap off a cliff , kill herself . but , in death , find freedom . he tap one more soloist and then clap . the music stop and all the girl face he , attentive . leroy ( cont 'd ) good morning , company . they respond " good morning " in nervous , unsure voice . leroy ( cont 'd ) we open we season with swan Lake . done to death , I know . but not like this . we strip it down . make it visceral and real . he pause for effect . 8. leroy ( cont 'd ) and a new production need a new swan Queen . a fresh face to present to the world . surprise , the soloist glance at each other , try to keep they cool . leroy ( cont 'd ) but which of you can embody both swan ? the white and the black ? Nina prepare for disappointment . leroy ( cont 'd ) all the soloist I touch ... please go to you schedule rehearsals this afternoon . the girl be confuse . leroy ( cont 'd ) and the girl I do not touch , meet I in studio B at five . Nina breathes , realize the girl he do not tap be the one he 's select , purposefully toy with they . 10 int . backstage hallway - day 10 Hidden inside a nook , Nina have she eye close , nervously humming the score to swan Lake . she make small motion with she foot and hand , go through the choreography in she mind . prepare for the audition . a loud crashing sound snap she out of it . she go out into the hallway to investigate . the door to a principal dressing room be halfway open . Nina cautiously approach . Inside , she can see someone move around the room in a fury , trash it . suddenly , the door swing open and beth macintyre burst out . she make brief eye-contact with Nina . beth what ?! 9. Nina just shake she head . Beth scoff as she slam the door behind she . she clip down the hall in the opposite direction . Nina wait until she 's go , then move closer to the door and peek inside , curious . she check to make sure no one 's around and quickly enter . 11 int . principal dressing room - same 11 large and comfortable . Beth 's presence be everywhere . photograph , clothing , and personal belonging scattered across the space . Nina look at herself in the mirror and smile , imagine how great it would be ... then she notice a large vase lie on the floor . the flower have be shred , water everywhere . she move to the vanity counter and touch Beth 's belonging in reverence . the item be neatly laid out : ballet supplies , jewelry , and makeup . her finger brush a tube of lipstick . she pick it up . Nina slip the lipstick into she bag and exit the room . 12 int . principal rehearsal space - day 12 in the middle of she audition , Nina dance Odette 's variation from Act ii of the ballet , a frighten look on she face . although she movement be incredibly precise , there 's a definite vulnerability . exactly as the White swan should be : fear tinged with melancholy . leroy wave he arm . the music and Nina stop abruptly . he approach she and , when he get close , tap on she sternum with two of he finger . leroy so Nina , would you like to be the swan Queen ? nina if you want I to be . he lean in and talk softly so the other girl can not hear . 10 . leroy well , if I be just casting the White swan , she would be yours . she can not help but smile , flatter . he pull away from she . leroy ( cont 'd ) but I be not . he turn to the piano player . leroy ( cont 'd ) maestro , odile 's coda . the piano player rifle through the song book . leroy ( cont 'd ) show I you Black swan , Nina . nervous , she glance over at Veronica and galina , who anxiously await they turn . she take a few breath , then look towards the piano player and nod . the music begin . Nina dance a few step , and then launch into the most difficult and famous part of swan Lake : the Black swan 's coda . it consist of 32 consecutive fouettes ( spin ) . leroy ( cont 'd ) come on , not so control . the music build in intensity , she push herself into the next turn . leroy ( cont 'd ) seduce we ! not just the Prince , but the court , the audience , the entire world ! the fouettes be like a spider spin she web . come on ! attack it ! attack it ! leroy run he hand through he hair , dismay . a look of worry spread across Nina 's face . know she 's blow it . the door clang open and throw Nina 's focus completely . she stumble , several spin short of finish . 11 . the New girl obliviously march into the room , listen to a ipod . leroy ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) good of you to join we . the New girl notice everyone stare and pull out she earphone to talk . new girl sorry . leroy Girls , this be lily . straight off the plane from San Francisco . she 's fill Rebecca 's old spot . lily give a small wave . Nina eye she with scorn as she catch she breath . leroy ( cont 'd ) go on , get warm up . lily I be good . lily start stripping off she layer , revealing she lithe body . on she back , she have a tattoo of lile . nina should I go again ? leroy ( distract by lily ) I have see enough . thank you , Nina . she look down , get he meaning . leroy ( cont 'd ) okay , Veronica . you turn . the White swan 's variation ... furious , Nina march out of the room . a13 int . theater bathroom stall - night a13 Nina stand up from a kneele position and flush the toilet . she wipe she mouth with the back of she hand and exit the stall . 13 omitted 13 11a . 14 omitted 14 12 . 15 ext . STREET - night 15 Nina walk along a quiet side street . she clutches she jacket , for warmth and comfort . her cell phone start ringing . she dig it out of she bag and check the caller id : mom . she silence it and put it away . up ahead , she see the sidewalk dead end at a construction site , and detour into a enclose passageway beneath the scaffold . Nina slow , a little scared , but decide to push on . the passageway be dark . the temporary lighting dim and flicker . she walk quickly , try to get to the other side . she hear the sound of soft footstep approach . she stop , and the other footstep stop . she look up and see the faint outline of a slender woman stand there , almost ghostlike . Nina start walk again , keep she head down , and the other woman continue as well . 13 . as they pass each other , Nina glance at the woman 's face and discover ... the woman look exactly like her . but the moment pass as the woman continue walk . Nina stare after she , perturb . her cell phone start ringing again , pierce the silence . Nina continue out , ignore the phone . 16 int . upper west side apartment - night 16 Nina enter and lock the deadbolt and chain - lock behind she . she turn and be startle to see erica stand right there . erica how do it go ? Nina look at she confuse . erica help take off she coat . erica ( cont 'd ) you be late , so I call susie in the office . a audition ?! can not believe he just sprung that on you . Nina nod . erica ( cont 'd ) so ? nina it go okay . erica just okay ? erica hang up she coat , turn and see Nina tear up . erica ( cont 'd ) darling ? the tear start fall now . erica go to she and wrap she in a embrace . erica ( cont 'd ) shhh , shhh , tell I what happen . 14 . 17 int . live room - night 17 Nina lie on the floor , stewing . her leg straight in the air to drain the lactic acid in she muscle . erica ( o.s. ) ( from kitchen ) I tell they it do not matter how talented they daughter be , if she miss any more class , she 's out . she forget half of what I teach she , and I waste time catch she up . it 's ridiculous . Nina sit up and retrieve a pair of point shoe from she bag . she consider they for a moment , then start to put they on . she stand , take a breath , and do a single spin , testing the water . she take a breath and spin again , then again , then again . each spin be punctuate by a jab of she foot into the floor . thwack , thwack . thwack . she jab she toe down , hard ... nina ow ! she wince in pain and automatically grab she foot . erica ( o.s. ) everything alright ? nina I be fine ! Nina lean she back against the mirror and remove she shoe . her right big toenail have split , ooze blood . Nina breathes through the pain and put she shoe back on . she reassume the position , take a couple breath , and start spin again . her toe jab into the floor . she wince a little with pain , but keep push . her face grow more determine , focus . 20 , 21 , 22 spin .... she start to look powerful , willing herself to succeed . 14a . at the end of the 32nd spin , Nina jab she foot down hard . she 's do it ! Nina look at herself in the mirror , glaze in sweat , a slight smile of satisfaction . 15 . 18 int . nina's bedroom - night 18 Nina sit on the edge of the bed , as erica douse some gauze with peroxide and dab it on the split toenail . Nina react to the sting . erica shhh. almost do ... you be work yourself too hard . we all have off day . nina if that girl have not barge in . erica I be sure she do not mean to . remember when you start ? if I have not take you to each of you class , you would have be completely lose . nina I be gonna talk to he . tell he I finish it . erica he know you can do the coda . it will not convince he one way or the other . annoy , Nina lie down , look away from she mother . erica ( cont 'd ) oh , sweetheart , I know it 's disappoint . when you start to get older , there 's all this ridiculous pressure . God know , I understand . erica squeeze some arnica gel into she palm and massage it into Nina 's calve . erica ( cont 'd ) but it 's alright . no matter what . you will probably get to dance the pas de quatre again . that 's such a wonderful part . or maybe he will make you a Big swan . either way , you will shine . nina I know , mom . 15a . erica remove Nina 's earring , then open a jewelry BOX sit on the night stand and drop they inside . a toy ballerina spin to tinny music . Nina get under the cover . erica tuck she in and sit down on the edge of the bed . 16 . erica everything will be better in the morning . it always be . she stroke Nina 's hair , hum along to the music . Nina watch the ballerina spin and spin with a determine stare . 19 omitted 19 20 omitted 20 21 int . subway - day 21 Nina apply the lipstick she steal from Beth , use the side window as a mirror . the jerky motion of the train make it difficult , but she manage . 22 int . backstage hallway - day 22 Nina wait anxiously outside leroy 's office . she hear someone approach , look up and see leroy come down the hall . she put on a nervous smile . he do not reciprocate . leroy yes , Nina ? nina do you have a minute ? he do not answer , just open the door to the office and walk in . she take a breath and then follow . 23 int . leroy's office - same 23 Nina close the door and face the cozy , dark space . large couch , poster from the ballet on the wall -- several feature Beth . leroy light a cigarette , quietly study she and not make this easy . he take a drag , and exhales . 17 . nina if now 's not a good time ... leroy now 's fine , what be it ? nina I just want to tell you , I practice the coda last night , and I do it . leroy how thrill for you . nina ( thrown ) well ... leroy okay , Nina , listen , I honestly do not care about you technique , you should know that by now . nina yes , but - leroy anyway , I have already choose Veronica , so ... he lift he hand in the air , " there you go . " nina ( devastate ) I see . she make a move towards the door . leroy you be not go to try and change my mind ? she look back at he , uncertain . leroy nonchalantly stub out he cigarette . leroy ( cont 'd ) you must have think it be possible , come to find I like this . he pause , look she up and down as if try to decipher she . 18. leroy ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? all dolled up ? nina ( unsure ) I come to ask you to give I the part . leroy that all ? she do not know what he mean . he come around he desk and approach she . leroy ( cont 'd ) Truth be , when I look at you , all I see be the White swan . yes , you be beautiful , fragile , fearful . ideal casting . but the Black swan ... it 's a hard fuck job to dance both . nina I can be the Black swan too . leroy really ? she 's hungry , volatile . in four year , every time you dance , I see you obsess over get each move exactly right , but I never see you lose yourself . insecure , she look like she want to run out of the room . leroy ( cont 'd ) all that discipline , for what ? nina I want to be perfect . he laugh . leroy perfection 's not just about control . it 's also about let go . surprise the audience . surprise yourself . transcendence . he consider she for a moment . leroy ( cont 'd ) very few have it in they . nina I - 18a . without warning , he slowly plant a kiss on she mouth . it last for a moment , but he suddenly jerk away . leroy ow ! fuck ! he touch he lip , stunne . leroy ( cont 'd ) you bit I . 19 . she 's too scared to respond . leroy ( cont 'd ) ( amuse ) I can not believe it . that fuck hurt . he go to the mirror to check for damage . he glance back at Nina . nina ( mumble ) sorry . she quickly leave , shell - shocked . 24 int . large rehearsal space - day 24 the company stretch and go through they usual warm - up routine , a tension in the air . the casting decision still uncertain . Nina touch she lip , think about the encounter . then look over at Veronica , know the good news in store . Veronica notice . Nina look away . veronica ( irked ) what ? Nina shake she head . a sudden energy sweep the room , and she hear the sound of scuffling foot and whisper . " it 's up . " " she just post it . " " c'mon . " the dancer start exite into the hallway . Veronica turn to follow . nina Veronica ? Veronica turn around . it 's hard , but Nina decide to be a good loser . nina ( cont 'd ) congratulation . Nina subtly glance at the exite girl and Veronica immediately get it . she excitedly push through the crowd of girl , want to see for herself . 20 . know the outcome already , Nina continue stretch in the desert space , resign to she fate . she finish , grab she belonging and walk out . 25 int . backstage hallway - same 25 a crowd of dancer surround the bulletin board , jostling to get a look . Nina start walk down the hall in the opposite direction . behind she , she can hear a small commotion and then : veronica ( o.s. ) why do you tell I that ? she turn and see Veronica , she face flushed with anger . veronica ( cont 'd ) you idea of a joke ? nina ( confuse ) what ? veronica fuck you . Veronica storm away . the group of girl stare at Nina , make she very self - conscious . Nina tentatively approach the bulletin board , to see what Veronica 's outburst be all about . first a few , then more and more of the girl smile at she . they make room for she as she push through . she finally get to the casting notice , find " swan Queen " and underneath : nina sayer stun , she turn around to face the mass of ballerinas . she see lily eyeing she with a flat expression , which turn into a smile to mask she disappointment . the other girl start congratulate and hugging Nina , some more sincerely than other . 21 . 26 int . theater bathroom - day 26 Nina burst in through the door and head directly for one of the stall . she lock herself in for privacy and dial a number on she cell phone . she hold it to she ear , anxiously wait for the person to answer . nina hey ... everything 's fine ... he pick I , mommy . she wait for a response . nina ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?... yes , I be go to be the swan Queen . Nina laugh at she mother 's response and can not help but start cry . nina ( cont 'd ) I will be home soon , okay ? I just have to tell you . Nina hang up and the tear really start flow . she 's dreamt of this for so long , it 's almost too much to bear . she wipe the tear off with the back of she hand and pull herself together . she come out of the stall ... horrify to discover " whore " write on the mirror in red lipstick . Nina look around the bathroom , to make sure she 's alone . she snag a paper towel and wipe off the insult , smear the mirror with red streak . 27 int . upper west side apartment - afternoon 27 Nina unlock the door to the apartment . nina Mom ? Nina look around , puzzle she be not there . 28 int . erica's bedroom - later 28 Nina open the door and poke she head in . 22. but erica 's not in there either . Nina glance at the wall . where several homemade painting hang , all of the same subject : Nina as a young girl , pose in a tutu . on a desk , the original photograph be clipped to a painting in progress . out of the corner of she eye , one of the portrait seem to shift . Nina turn towards it , but the painting 's now perfectly still . unsettle , Nina withdraw . 29 int . apartment bathroom - night 29 post-shower , Nina 's fuzzy reflection stare back in a steam cover mirror . Nina take she hand and wipe a streak across , to see herself more clearly . she look nervous . the enormity of what 's in front of she set in . she turn side - to-side , scrutinize she body . she lift she arm and pinch the skin to check she weight . she notice a small cluster of red bump on she shoulder . a small rash . she feel the bump with she finger , bother . she check the same place on she other shoulder . there 's no rash , just faint streak of scar tissue . Nina slide the hamper in front of the door to block it . in the mirror now , one of the bump be scratch and bleed . Nina quickly wipe the blood off with she finger . the sound of the front door open steal she attention . 30 int . upper west side apartment - night 30 Nina exit the bathroom wear a robe . in the kitchen , she see a cake with a light sparkler sit on the table . her mother smile anxiously . 23. erica my daughter , the swan Queen . she open she arm and Nina fall into a hug . she look at the cake . it have a ballerina sketch with frosting . Nina hide she disdain . nina oh , mom . erica it 's we favorite , vanilla with strawberry fill . erica pick up a knife and slice into the cake . nina just a little piece . erica ignore she and start cut a very large piece . nina ( cont 'd ) that 's way too much . erica it 's a celebration . nina my stomach 's still in knot . erica ( offended ) Fine then . erica grab the whole cake and head towards the trash . nina ( guilty ) Mom , do not . I be sorry . erica hesitates , but return . she set the cake back down . erica I be just so proud of you . erica lift the slice onto a plate . nina it look yummy . 31 omitted 31 24 . 32 int . principal rehearsal space - day 32 first day in the new role , Nina stretch alone . muffled sound of other ballerinas chat and giggle drift in from the large rehearsal space . make Nina feel a little isolate . david ( o.s. ) hey there ... Nina turn and see david , the high - cheek , cocky dancer play Prince siegfry . david ( cont 'd ) it be so full , where do I stand . it be he version of a joke . Nina politely laugh . nina yeah ... good luck find a spot . david I be David . nina I know you be . I be Nina . david yes . here we go , huh ? she nod , nervous . 33 int . principal rehearsal space - later 33 David dance around the space , miming a hunt with a cross - bow . Nina enter , stretch she body to illustrate she transformation into human , then see David and act spook . 25 . she dance away from he , a scared look on she face , undulate she arm to resemble a bird 's flap . David give chase , but Nina spin out of he grasp , disentangle from he . but he eventually snag she , and they come very close together . leroy okay ! the music stop . Nina break out of character and look at leroy , anxious for he reaction . the Russian ballet mistress nod and smile , clearly pleased . leroy ( cont 'd ) okay , Nina . very good . Nina smile , relieved . leroy hop out of he chair and approach . leroy ( cont 'd ) but I know the White swan would not be a problem . the real work will be you metamorphosis into the Black swan . nina okay . leroy I see a flash of she yesterday . get ready to show I more of that bite . he give she a impish smirk . she look down , embarrassed . 34 int . backstage hallway - day 34 Nina take a drink from the water fountain . she hear music emanate from the large rehearsal studio . curious , she walk to the open doorway and stop to watch . corp member and a few soloist form two line on both side of the room . in the middle , Veronica dance along with lily . Nina pay close attention to lily , size she up . her dance be explosive , exude sex . leroy ( o.s. ) watch the way she move ... 26 . leroy have snuck up behind Nina at the doorway and get very close to she . leroy ( cont 'd ) imprecise , but sensual . she 's not fake it . pay attention . lily make a small mistake , but crack up laugh , amused rather than bother by she blunder . Nina stare at she , attract and threaten . a35 int . principal dressing room - day a35 the company 's administrator , susie , show Nina into the room . susie you share with Beth from now on , so be considerate . nina thanks , susie . awed , Nina look around the room . she scan Beth 's photograph and personal belonging , and land on a large bouquet of fresh flowers . susie that be for you . from Mr. leroy . nina beautiful . susie leave . Nina pull a card out from the flower and read . a faint smile curl she lip . she open she shoulder bag and remove a SMALL satchel . she pull out a pair of diamond stud earring and put they on . 35 int . patron of the art apartment - night 35 leroy pull Nina through a fundraiser gala , fill with rich look patron and some dancers from the company . bewildere , Nina take in she high - society surroundings , get the occasional curious glance as she pass . leroy grab a couple champagne glass off a waiter be tray . he hand a glass to Nina with a smile . 27 . he lead she up a staircase to a landing that overlook the party . leroy ready to be throw to the wolf ? we need they cash , so smile . she smile , as instruct . leroy ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , good evening . the crowd turn they gaze towards they . all eye on she . leroy ( cont 'd ) as I stand here tonight , I see so many familiar face . you contribution to the art we all cherish profoundly go straight to my heart and I be very grateful . polite applause . leroy ( cont 'd ) let I begin with a very important announcement . you all have have the chance to be enchant , transport , sometimes devastate by the performance of this true artist of we company . she have be a exceptional inspiration to my work , a role model to we dancer and a deeply satisfy presence on we stage . you all know who I be talk about ... Beth macintyre more applause . nervous , Nina unconsciously pick at she cuticle . leroy ( cont 'd ) as we all know , every great career come to a end . Beth be retire at the end of the season . she will be give she farewell performance as melpomene , the role she originate in my first ballet . people start whisper , stunne by the news . Nina see Beth in the crowd , give a sad smile to the surround guest . try to remain dignify . 28 . leroy ( cont 'd ) she will be greatly miss , but she will always be remember . my little princess . amidst the mummer , Nina see Beth quietly sneak out of the crowd and out the front door . leroy quickly cover . leroy ( cont 'd ) but as we bid adieu to one star , we welcome another ! he look at Nina . she stop pick she nail , self - conscious . leroy ( cont 'd ) as you know , we open we season with my new version of swan Lake . take the role of we new swan Queen be the exquisite Ms. Nina sayer . restrain applause . Nina step forward and curtsey . someone seem to giggle at she . insecure , Nina glance towards the source and see lily flirt with a rich gent , uninterested in the official proceedings . leroy ( cont 'd ) soon you will have the pleasure of see she perform , tonight we raise a glass . to all of you , to Nina , to Beth , to beauty ! he downs he drink and the crowd follow suit . 36 int . live room , patron of the art apartment - later 36 party guest surround Nina and leroy , try to meet the company 's newest star . Nina bask in all the attention . leroy Dr. brinson and he lovely wife , ellen , tonight 's sponsor . she shake dr . brinson be hand and curtsey to mrs . brinson . nina such a beautiful event . 29 . mrs . brinson not as beautiful as you , dear . Nina demur . they be replace by another husband and wife . leroy and this be Mr. and Mrs. stein . Nina repeat the pleasantry , this time notice that one of she cuticle be bleed . she awkwardly pull she hand away . leroy lean in and whisper in she ear . leroy ( cont 'd ) relax , you be do great . CUT to : 37 int . bathroom - later 37 Nina wash she hand . she look at herself in the mirror and take a deep breath . someone knock on the door . nina just a second . she turn off the water and wipe she damp hand on the back of she neck , try to cool herself . she check she finger . no blood , but there 's a hangnail . Nina take hold of the small flap and try to yank it off . accidentally tear a strip of skin from the nail to she second knuckle . more knocking startles she . lily ( o.s. ) come on ! I be about to burst ! Nina quickly ball up the peel skin and throw it away . she open the door . 30 . lily push in . lily ( cont 'd ) hey ! look who it be . lily close the door behind she and lock it . lily ( cont 'd ) I be lily , by the way . do not think we have officially meet . nina ( rattled ) Nina . lily we New swan Queen ! that be so huge ! you must be freaking out . nina yeah ... lily slide she pantie out from under she dress and put they in she clutch . nina ( cont 'd ) I should probably get back . lily stay . keep I company . lily start to refresh she makeup . Nina stay put for a second , uncertain . nina Excuse I . 31 . she open the door and step out , where she 's immediately meet by leroy . leroy ( o.s. ) ah , there you be . lily close the door behind she . 38 ext . upper east side apartment build - night 38 leroy escort Nina out . it 's a couple hour later and she 's tipsy . she stumble a little and grab onto leroy . nina I think I drank too much . all that toast ... leroy you do well . nina really ? leroy they try to eat you alive , but here you be , in one piece . nina ( melting ) I guess . leroy I will get you a cab . where you go ? nina oh , Upper West side . leroy why do not you come to my place first ? it 's on the way . she give he a coy glance , read between the line and hide she excitement . leroy ( cont 'd ) for a drink . unless you have have enough . nina no , that 's good . he start to look for a cab . 32 . mrs . brinson ( o.s. ) Thomas !!! they turn , see Mrs. brinson , the host of the party , stand at the door . mrs . brinson ( cont 'd ) you need to say hello to Karen halloway before you disappear . she 's from Texas . correction : she be Texas . leroy ( to nina ) a minute more of ass-kiss . wait here . he run back inside to say he goodby . Nina smile after he , giddy and anxious . she notice a slender figure watch she from the shadow of the adjoin doorway . in the dark , she look like Nina . nina ( concerned ) hello ? spot , the figure back up , seem to disappear . Nina cautiously approach , but can not see anyone . she get closer to the doorway ... and someone jump out , startling she . it 's Beth , drunk and shiver . cheek streak with mascara . nina ( cont 'd ) Beth ? what be you do out here ? Beth stare she down . Nina back up , nervously grab she earlobe . nina ( cont 'd ) I be crush to hear that you be leave . beth what would you do to get the role ? 33. Nina shake she head , confuse . beth ( cont 'd ) he always say you be a frigid little girl . her word needle Nina , too close to the truth . beth ( cont 'd ) so what do you do to make he change he mind ? suck he cock ? nina some of we do not need to do that . Nina 's strike a nerve . Beth start to come at she . beth you fuck little whore . nina ( guilty ) Beth , I be - leroy ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? they both turn to see leroy return . beth I need to talk to you . leroy you be drunk . you should go home . beth do not do that ! do not just dismiss I ! leroy ( exasperated ) poor , poor little princess . try to hold it together . beth I be go to drop by later , okay ? I have something I want to give you . leroy ( ignoring her ) come on . he put he arm around Nina , start to lead she away . 34 . beth ( o.s. ) a token of my appreciation . he ignore she and raise he arm to hail a cab . as they enter the cab , Beth call after they . beth ( cont 'd ) make the most of it Nina . through the cab window Nina look at Beth , troubled by she word . 39 int . leroy's apartment - night 39 tasteful but spare loft . modern and expensive furniture . large window . Nina stand alone , look around he inner sanctum , wide - eye . she explore the piece of art , the furniture . she touch some of it , in awe . leroy ( o.s. ) here . she turn , find leroy hold out yet another flute of champagne . for himself , a scotch . nina thanks . she look up at he , expect he to make a move . instead , he walk away , and sit in a chair . he gesture for she to sit as well . confused , she sit across from he , alone on the large couch . he take a unceremonious sip of he drink and study she . uncomfortable , she take a drink as well . leroy I think it would be good to talk about the role . Ground we a little . nina yes . leroy the better we get to know each other , the more productive we will be . I do not want there to be any boundary between we . 35 . nina I neither . leroy good . so , do you have a boyfriend ? she 's catch off guard by he question and just smile uncomfortably . he wait for a answer . finally she manage a reply . nina no ... leroy have you have many in the past ? nina a few . but no one serious . leroy you be not a virgin , be you ? her expression sour at this line of question . she shake she head . leroy ( cont 'd ) then there 's nothing to be embarrassed about , be there ? ( she shake she head ) and you enjoy make love ? nina Excuse I ? leroy sex . do you enjoy it ? blush and feel awkward , she take a sip of champagne . leroy ( cont 'd ) we need to be able to talk about this . nina okay . leroy so ? Nina look at he , embarrassed , and shrug . he smirk , and join she on the couch . 36 . leroy ( cont 'd ) I have a homework assignment for you . nina yes ? leroy go home and masturbate . live a little . she blanch , scandalize . he finish off he scotch and stand . leroy ( cont 'd ) it 's late . lot of work tomorrow . the doorman will find you a cab . he leave she alone in the live room . 40 int . nina's bedroom - night 40 Nina look at herself in the mirror , remove bobbie-pin , as erica fold clothing and put it away . erica sound like quite a evening . wish I could have be there . nina you know I ask . erica I know , susie tell I . guess he want you all to himself . nina that 's not why . erica look adoringly at Nina 's reflection in the mirror . erica I do not blame he . erica start to remove Nina 's diamond earring , but pause . erica ( cont 'd ) where do you get this ? nina they be fake . 37 . erica fool I . erica remove the earring , then walk behind Nina to unzip she . Nina face she . nina I can do it . erica turn . Nina turn back around , reticent . erica ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he must have be at you side all night , show you off . erica finish unzipping the red dress and see Nina 's shoulder . erica ( cont 'd ) oh Nina ... remember , Nina pull away from she . nina it 's just a rash . erica gruffly pull Nina to the mirror and turn she around . erica what be you talk about ? Nina check she reflection and see the rash , red and irritate from scratch . nina it be worse a couple day ago . it 's already get better . erica you have be scratch again . nina no - erica yank she out of the room . 41 int . apartment bathroom - night 41 Nina sit on the toilet , stripped to she underwear . she do she best to cover herself . 38 . erica finish dabbing she back with hydrogen peroxide and replace the cap on the bottle . she pull out nail clipper and cut Nina 's nail down to they base . each click make Nina twitch . erica I think you would outgrown this disgusting habit . ( click ) you have not do it for year . ( click ) nina Mom , please . erica grab Nina 's other hand . erica it 's the role , be not it ? all this pressure ... I be worried it would be too much . Nina stare at she , seethe . 42 int . nina's bedroom - later 42 Nina crawl into bed , avoid she mother 's eye . erica do not be mad at I . you know I love you , you know I want what 's best . but we have to take care of you . Nina do not respond . erica open the jewelry BOX and the tinny music begin play . she hum and start to stroke Nina 's hair . Nina try to brush she hand away . but erica bring it back and keep stroking . 43 int . nina's bedroom - morning 43 Nina lie wide awake after a restless night . she slowly reach down under the cover , down between she leg , to complete leroy 's " homework assignment . " she close she eye and start to maneuver . 39 . she suddenly hear a rustling sound and a short snore . she freeze and open she eye . she slowly sit up in bed and see erica sleeping on a chair in the corner of the room . Nina glare at she . 44 int . large rehearsal space - day 44 Nina wait she turn as a row of dancers perform grand jete diagonally across the room . she watch Veronica perform she leap . she rejoin the group , give Nina a nasty stare . Nina avoid it , look towards lily , who give she a small smile . just as Nina 's turn arrive , a panicked young corp dancer rush in and make a beeline for the severe ballet mistress . Nina take one leap and then stop dance , sense something 's wrong . the corps dancer whisper into the ballet mistress ' ear . a look of shock on the mistress ' face . the dancer collapse into the older woman 's arm . the piano music trickle to a halt . Nina exchange glance with some of the other dancer . first a few , then more dancer approach the two woman , want to find out what 's happen . Nina hang back , fill with a sink feel . 45 ext . lincoln CENTER fountain - day 45 Nina sit as leroy , worse for the wear , stare at the jet of water . nina what happen ? 40 . leroy she walk into the street , get hit by a car . nina oh my god ... leroy I be sure she do it on purpose . nina how do you know ? leroy everything Beth ever do come from within . from some dark impulse . it 's what could make she so thrill to watch . even perfect at time . but also destructive . Nina hesitates , but have to ask . nina be it right after we see she ? leroy it 's not you problem . this have nothing to do with you . she look away , not so sure . leroy ( cont 'd ) Nina , do not let yourself be distract . dance be not immortalize like music , poetry or art . it life for now . for this moment only . and this be you moment . she attempt a nod . a46 int . principal dressing room - day a46 Beth 's belonging have already be pack up and clear . guilt-ridd , Nina try to get ready . she pick up she duffel bag , and remove she satchel . she unpack its content onto the counter : needle and thread , cigarettes , a makeup compact , and the tube of lipstick . she look over at the vase of flower . a few have wilted . she pull they out to make the bouquet look fresh again . 41 . 46 int . hospital - day 46 Nina exit the elevator with a brown shopping bag . she walk down a stark hallway and approach Beth 's hospital room . member of beth' family surround the bed , block Beth from view . Nina consider go in , but shyly sulk past , draw the attention of a older nurse . older nurse you can go in . nina it 's okay . the older nurse give she a skeptical glance and continue on she round . Nina walk a little further and lean against the wall to wait . she hear the sound of shuffle foot , look over , and see the group of people exit the room and walk down the hall , comforting one another . Nina step out from hide and go inside . 47 int . hospital room - day 47 Beth be bandage and unconscious , attach to machine . Nina stand at a distance , too intimidate to approach at first . she look around the room . it be line with large , expensive - looking bouquet . she remove the flower leroy give she from the brown bag , and set they next to the other . Nina slowly approach Beth 's bedside . Beth 's face be heavily wrap with bandage . only she close eye and pale lip can be see . she scan down she body , see a sliver of she thigh , purple with bruise . curious , Nina lift the top edge of the blanket and peek underneath . 42 . the leg be bloat and horribly bruise , pierce with large pin to reset the shattered bone . she look lower and lower , and discover maggot feed on she ankle . Nina turn away , confront by the older nurse . older nurse what be you do ?! Nina do not have a answer . she just stumble out the door . a48 int . upper west side apartment build - night a48 Nina step out of she apartment into the dim hallway , lug a bag of trash . she notice some wooden debris from a apartment renovation sit near the trash chute . Nina drop the trash bag in the chute , then pick up a piece of broken wood . she consider it for a moment , and hide it inside the sleeve of she sweatshirt . b48 int . upper west side apartment - later b48 Nina quietly step inside and head towards she bedroom . through erica 's open bedroom door , Nina can see erica busily sewing ribbon onto Pointe shoe , hum to herself . Nina quietly slip back inside she room . she remove the wood piece and jam it between the door closet , create a makeshift doorjamb she test it . hold pretty well . she hear a creek . footstep approach . she remove the wood and stick it inside she dresser , not ready just yet . she quickly lie down on she bed and wait to be tuck in . the door squeak open , and Nina look towards it . 42a . 48a int . principal rehearsal space - day 48a Nina , David , and the dancer play rothbart rehearse the Black swan and Prince siegfry 's pas De deux from Act 3. David lift she , then set she down , and they lean - in towards each other , almost kissing . leroy no , no , not so stiff . do not be scared of he . she pull away from David , not at all coyly . leroy exhales , frustrated . 43-46 . 48b int . large rehearsal space - another day 48b Nina and David dance the next part of the section , look more wear out . leroy forget about control . I want to see passion . she still look tense , not get it . leroy ( cont 'd ) let it out ! 48c int . large rehearsal space - another day 48c Nina practice with a older ballet mistress . she demonstrate a movement , and Nina mimic she . the mistress scrutinize , unimpress . a49 int . physical therapist's office - another day a49 Nina be work over by a physical therapist . every joint and muscle aches , but Nina breathes through the pain . 49a int . principal rehearsal space - yet another day 49a Nina and David finish the section , completely soak with sweat . they look at leroy , heaving breath . leroy David , answer I this question : be you interested in fuck she ? David snicker , embarrassed , shake he head . leroy ( cont 'd ) no , of course not . no one would be . leroy come face to face with she . leroy ( cont 'd ) Nina , you Black swan still look no different than you White swan . she 's 's just as ... frigid . 49b suddenly , the light turn off , throw they into total 49 B darkness . 43-46a . leroy ( cont 'd ) fuck ! leroy angrily march to the door and whip it open . leroy ( cont 'd ) ( to someone in hall ) hey ! we be still work in here . light back on . there 's a momentary pause , and then the light return . leroy ( cont 'd ) thank you ! ( to David , piano player ) okay , you guy can go . thank you for you patience . ( to nina ) you stay . David give she a insinuate glance , then shake he head . very use to leroy 's " method . " david have fun . David and the piano player leave they alone . 49c leroy approach Nina and take she hand in he . 49 C leroy I will be the Prince . make nervous by he touch , she nod . he walk behind she and put he hand on she waist . he start hum the score . and then they begin . they do a series of lift and spin , leroy brace she . he let go , she move away from he . leroy use each finger , you face , you tit , everything . entice I ! he grab she wrist . she spin . he let go . he grab she other wrist , she spin to face he . they get very close . just before they kiss she dip , pull away . 43-46b . he grab she arm again , she spin , then he stop she , she back to he . he run he hand down she arm . slowly , seductively . she tremble . leroy ( cont 'd ) just feel my touch and respond . she turn and lean in close , as though to kiss he ... almost touch lip ... but then she try to push off again . he tighten he grip , hold she there . she look back at he , question . he look at she intently , pull she to he , and kiss she . she melt and eagerly kiss he back . he pull away , momentarily . leroy ( cont 'd ) slow down . open you mouth . she do not . leroy ( cont 'd ) ( insistent ) open it . Nina follow he instruction . the kiss grow more heat and he wrap he arm around she . he push she back against the mirror . she whimper . he run he hand down she body , then reach between she leg . she gasp , try to pull he hand out , but he persist . she throw she head back as he kiss she neck . she breathes deep , emit short moan , succumb ... suddenly , he pull away from she . she look at he confuse , flushed and breathe hard . leroy ( cont 'd ) that be I seduce you . it need to be the other way around . he turn and start to walk away . she can not believe it . nina please do not ... he ignore she and walk out of the room . 47 . 50a int . principal rehearsal space - later 50 a Nina sit on the floor , head in hand . voice ( o.s. ) hey ... Nina startles and look up . see the dark figure of somebody watch she from the doorway . look like herself . nina who 's that ? lily emerge from the darkness , dress to leave . lily you okay ? nina I be fine . lily you sure ? 50b lily sit down beside she , oblivious of Nina 's desire 50 B to be leave alone . she dig out a cigarette from she bag . offer it to Nina . Nina do not take it . nina we can not smoke in here . lily I will not tell if you will not . 48 . Nina reluctantly take the cigarette , hold it a little awkwardly , clearly not a regular smoker . lily spark a flame for she and then light one for herself . Nina puff , but do not inhale . lily smirk . lily ( cont 'd ) Big day 's get closer and closer , huh ? I can not wait . you be go to be amazing . nina thanks ... Nina wipe off she tear with she hand . lily so , want to talk about it ? nina just have a hard day . lily leroy play too rough ? Nina look at she surprised . lily ( cont 'd ) he seem like a prick . nina he 's brilliant . lily sure , but not exactly warm and fuzzy . nina you do not know he . lily smirk with a realization . lily someone 's hot for teacher . Nina give she a wither glance . lily ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I do not blame you . Nina stand up . 49 . nina I should go . it 's get late . lily hey , I be only play . Nina walk towards the door . lily ( cont 'd ) Nina ? she ignore lily and exit . 51 omitted 51 52a int . apartment bathroom - night 52a Nina lie in the bath , eye close , concentrate . her body jostle slightly , move she hand between she leg , seek release . grow frustrated , she move more and more aggressively . she abruptly stop and submerges herself under the water , defeat . she lie still , she arm wrap around she chest . she open she eye , she vision distort by the water . suddenly , she blurred double appear , stare down at she . Nina shoot up . the double be go . Nina scan the bathroom , but she be alone . Nina notice some water drop off she finger , onto the lip of the tub . then a few drop of red land on the white porcelain . worried , she examine she fingernails , which have start to grow back . she discover blood and bit of skin . 50 . 52b later 52b out of the tub , Nina check herself in the mirror . her shoulder be streak with deep scratch . she grab a pair of little scissor from the medicine cabinet and start trimming she fingernails . she look up at the mirror and see she reflection snip off the tip of she index finger . Nina gasp and drop the scissors , clanging in the sink . two of she finger be bleed , they tip slice . erica ( o.s. ) ( concerned ) Nina ? Nina look at the door , already block by the hamper . nina I will be out in a second . she stay still , hope she will not try to come in . footstep recede and Nina breathes . she run she hand under some water to clean off the blood . 53 omitted 53 54 omitted 54 55 int . large rehearsal space - day 55 David and Nina dance the Black swan 's pas de deux . once again , Nina 's rigid and self - conscious . 51 . leroy try it again . they resume dance . she finish , out of breath , and look at leroy and the Russian ballet mistress . leroy ( cont 'd ) again . the piano music start up again , and she begin dance . when she finish , she look at he , eager for feedback . leroy ( cont 'd ) again . the music start up again . Nina stay still , frustrated . nina do you have any correction ? leroy no . she do not understand . he get up from he chair and go to she . leroy ( cont 'd ) lily talk to I . Said she see you cry . Nina look away . can not believe lily talk to he . leroy ( cont 'd ) she say you be upset and I should " take it easy " on you . nina I do not tell she that . leroy maybe you would like a break for a day or two . 52 . nina thomas - leroy or a fuck month . nina she should not have say anything ! leroy I do not care ! you should not be whining to she ! nina I do not . leroy you could be brilliant . take it easy would be a betrayal . he walk away from she . nina I be sorry . I be sorry . leroy stop say that ! stop be so damn weak ! he toss he chair across the room . smashing into the wall . 56 int . backstage hallway - day 56 furious , Nina head towards the soloist ' dress room . hear they chat in they usual manner . Nina knock loudly at the door , interrupt they . veronica ( resentful ) look who 's grace we with she presence ... nina lily , I need to talk to you . lily okay ... nina now . 53. veronica ( you be in trouble ) ooooh . the other girl giggle . lily shut up . and they do . 57 int . backstage hallway - day 57 Nina lead lily to a private nook , fume . lily what 's wrong ? nina you tell Thomas about last night ? lily falter , guilty . lily I run into he this morning . he say you guy be have some trouble . nina why would he talk to you ? lily whoa you highness , I just tell he you be work you ass off and I be sure you will be great . nina you should not have do that . lily I do not fuck do anything . lily take off . Nina stare after she , at a loss . a58 int . subway - night a58 Nina sit on the subway , go home . she notice that one of she fingernails have a jag edge . she remove a emory board from she bag and begin filing it down . a skeezy man across the aisle ogle she . 54 . Nina keep she eye down , try to ignore he . he start to sing a old love song from the 20' . Nina stand and go to the other end of the car . he continue sing , undeterred . 58 omitted 58 59 int . upper west side apartment - night 59 Nina sit on the floor in a loose sweatshirt , sewing ribbon onto Pointe shoe . erica sit across from she , sewing ribbon onto another pair . erica have he try anything with you ? Nina do not respond . erica ( cont 'd ) he have a reputation ... Nina try to ignore she . erica ( cont 'd ) I have a right to be concerned , Nina . you have be stay late so many night . " rehearsing . " I hope he 's not take advantage , that 's all . nina he 's not . erica good . I do not want you make the same mistake I do . nina ( insult ) thanks . erica not like that . I just mean as far as my career be concerned . nina what career ? erica the one I give up to have you . 55 . nina you be 28 . erica so ? nina and only ... Nina bite she tongue . erica only what ? nina nothing . erica what ? nina ( defiant ) nothing . erica glare at she . erica how 's you skin ? nina it 's fine . erica we leave it alone ? nina yes . erica let I see . Nina stare back defiantly . erica ( cont 'd ) take off you shirt . nina no . erica start to come towards she . the doorbell ring . erica look at Nina questioningly . Nina shake she head . 56 . erica go to the door and crack it open , keep the chain engage . erica ( to person outside ) can I help you ? ( pause ) I be sorry , she 's not in . erica shut the door . Nina rush out to see who it be . nina who be it ? erica do not answer . irritate , Nina walk around erica and quickly open the door to find out . erica it 's no one . 60 int . build hallway - night 60 Nina see a ballerina walk away from the door . nina hello ? lily turn . lily hey . nina ( suspicious ) what be you do here ? Nina step out of she apartment and close the door . lily I want to apologize . Nina just stare , incredulous . lily ( cont 'd ) you be right , I should not have talk to he about you . erica open the door and stick she head out . erica sweetheart ? 57 . nina give I a second . erica you dinner ... nina Mom , please ! erica close the door . lily she 's a trip ... nina how do you know where I live ? lily I have my way . Nina look at she , darkly . lily ( cont 'd ) relax , I get it from susie in the office . I feel really shitty . can I make it up to you ? take you out to dinner ? nina I do not think - lily a drink ? Nina 's tempt . erica poke she head out again . erica sweetie , you need to rest . lily Jesus . Nina push the elevator call button . nina ( to lily ) wait . Nina walk to the door , and grab she coat . erica what be you do ? 58 . nina I be go out . erica what ? Nina ignore she and shut the door . nina ( to lily ) let 's go . 61 int . corner bistro - night 61 a noisy bar and burger joint , pack to the brim . lily and Nina sit at a small table . lily can not believe that 's what he call she . so gross ! nina I think it 's sweet . lily Little princess ? he probably call every girl that . nina only Beth . lily well , I be sure she lose the title after she game of chicken . Nina 's smile fade . lily ( cont 'd ) Bet he will be call you little prince any day now . nina I do not think so . 59 . lily sure , just gotta let he eat the pussy . Nina blushes , embarrassed , and lily crack up . a waiter drop a plate in front of she . waiter ( to lily ) cheese burger , extra bloody . lily danke schoen . waiter let I know if it 's not juicy enough . lily oh , I will . he smile , keep he eye lock on lily , as he rudely plop down Nina 's plate . waiter enjoy . lily watch he go , then notice Nina look annoyed . lily what ? nina guess I be invisible . lily study she and dig into she purse . pull out a sexy shirt . lily here , wanna spruce up ? Nina give she a puzzle look . lily ( cont 'd ) I always carry a spare , case I wake up somewhere unexpected . lily pick up she ungainly burger and take a big bite , a little grease drip down she chin . Nina cut into she dry chicken breast . lily ( cont 'd ) not like you need more attention this day . how be he ? 60 . Nina do not understand the question . lily ( cont 'd ) Thomas ? nina I would not know . lily yeah , right . nina I do not want to talk about it . lily relax , you be so tense . lily pull out a cigarette case and click it open . Inside , cigarettes and a couple pill . lily ( cont 'd ) one for you ... lily grab one of the pill and slide it over . lily ( cont 'd ) and one for I . lily grab she pill and downs it with a beer . Nina stare at she pill , too embarrassed to admit she do not know what it be . lily ( cont 'd ) do not worry , it 's pure . bring it with I straight from San Francisco . nina what be it ? lily you be kid ? you never roll ? Nina blink . lily ( cont 'd ) oh boy . it will just make you have a good time . loosen up . see the night sky . nina ( curious ) how long do it last ? 61 . lily couple hour . top . Nina look at the pill , think about it for a second ... nina that 's okay . lily sure ? Nina nod . lily put the pill back , and snap the case close . 62 int . grungy bathroom - night 62 wearing the skimpy shirt lily offer she , Nina rinse she mouth out with water from the sink , then check herself out in the mirror . it 's break and cover with graffiti and sticker . one particularly bright one say , " seize the day-glo . " Nina 's cell phone ring . she check the id - - " mom " -- and silence it . Nina put she sweatshirt back on over the shirt , and exit . 63 int . corner bistro - night 63 Nina return to she table , but when she get there , lily be go and the table be clear . she look around the crowded room , do not see she anywhere . she head towards the exit , and see lily at the bar , flirt with two attractive men . she 's very touchy - feely . intrigue , Nina stay put , want to observe lily from a distance . the bartender set a drink down in front of lily . the man compete to pay for it . lily take out the cigarette case from she purse , and remove the pill . Nina look on , suspicious . lily open the pill , and dump its content into the drink . she stir it with she finger . 62 . she hold out she finger to one of the man , he suck off the liquid . lily look over and catch Nina watch . she wave for she to join they . Nina reluctantly walk to she . lily heeey , think we could use some drink . nina I be gonna go . lily this be Tom and this be Jerry . the guy laugh . andrew actually it 's Andrew . tom Tom . nina hi. lily you can not leave , I buy you a drink . lily hold out the doctore beverage . Nina eye it , tempt to go down the rabbit hole ... nina I really should not , we be on the stage tomorrow . lily what , you gonna go home to mommy ? live a little . Nina grin sheepishly and take the drink . lily smile . nina just a couple of hour ? lily top . Nina take a tiny sip . 63. lily ( cont 'd ) go on . Nina take another sip and smile . lily ( cont 'd ) let 's go sit somewhere a little more comfortable . gentlemen ? she get up and hold out she hand . the two man each grab one and she lead they deeper into the bar . 64 int . corner bistro - moment later 64 Nina 's drink be half go . the foursome sit snugly at a booth . Nina next to Andrew , shyly avoid he gaze . she take another tentative sip of she drink . andrew you have not tell I who you be . nina oh , I be a dancer . andrew no , I mean you name . nina Nina . tom you two sister ? lily nina yes . no. andrew well ? lily we be blood sister . nina we dance in the same company . tom ( pleased ) ahh , ballerinas . so that 's why you look alike . lily Tom and Jerry be gay lover . 64 . tom very funny . lily oh , I just assume . andrew I have never be to the ballet . lily in that case you be definitely not gay . tom it 's pretty boring , be not it ? nina ( offended ) no , it 's not . lily ( flirty ) it 's not for everyone . you probably be not sophisticated enough . tom you have get some mouth , you know that ? lily be not that compliment a little premature ? lily sip she drink , stare at Tom flirtatiously . nina you guy should come sometime . I can comp you ticket . Tom laugh , amused by Nina 's earnestness . tom yeah ... that would be neat . lily I think we all need another round . bottom 's up . she look at Nina and suck down she drink , challenging she to follow suit . Nina take a breath of courage and empty she glass . she wait for something to kick in . 65 . lily ( cont 'd ) Tom , come with I ? lily slip out of the booth and Tom follow , leave Nina and Andrew alone . she avoid he gaze , nervous . andrew so ... what be you guy work on this day ? her cell phone ring , interrupt he . she quickly turn it off and give he a embarrassed smile . nina sorry . swan Lake . andrew yeah ? nina you know it ? andrew oh , no , not really . Heard of it though . what 's it about ? nina it 's about a girl who 's be turn into a swan . she need love to break the spell . andrew okay . nina yeah , but she prince fall for the wrong girl and she kill herself . andrew so a happy end , then ? nina it 's beautiful , actually . andrew like you . she start to feel the initial tingles of the drug . nina huh ? andrew I say you be beautiful . 66 . she giggle . andrew ( cont 'd ) that funny ? she give he a flirtatious glance . nina my hand be all sweaty . Andrew touch they . she grab onto he hand . she look at he face . his eye twinkle at she . lily slide in next to she . Nina see she and melt into she body . lily hug she back . lily uh oh ! look like someone 's roll . let 's get you dance . a65 omitted a65 65 int . dance club - night 65 Nina kiss Tom on the floor of a crowded dance club . the drug be in full effect . the world have soft edge , color be vivid and bleed into one another . lily twirl she around . Nina attaches herself to she , hungry for the attention . a cheer section of guy surround they . Nina let loose . dance with abandon . 66 int . club bathroom - later 66 Nina make out with someone , she back push up against the wall . her eye be close , she 's shiny with sweat . she open she eye , confuse to find that it 's not Andrew or even Tom , just a strange man . she back away . he reach for she , but she swat he off . 67 . 67 int . dance club - same 67 she stumble around the dance floor , look for lily , but only see a mass of move body . she finally spot a girl that look like she from behind . Nina grab she shoulder and the girl spin around . not lily . 68 ext . dance club - later 68 Nina push she way out of the club , start to panic . she look around , try to figure out where she be , but the city be dark and non-descript . lily ( o.s. ) Nina ! Nina turn towards the voice and , with relief , see lily exit the club . lily ( cont 'd ) where you goin ' ? 69 int . taxi - night 69 Nina stare adoringly at lily , who have she eye close , enjoy the cool air blow in from she open window . lily open she eye and catch Nina stare . lily smirk . use she index and middle finger as " leg , " she " walk " she hand over the vinyl seat , all the way to Nina 's leg and poke it . Nina watch she hand with a smile on she face , glance at lily . lily smile back , and then " walk " she hand up the leg , until it reach the edge of Nina 's dress . lily look at Nina questioningly . Nina do not protest . lily slip she hand underneath the dress , gently make contact ... Nina shudder , but pull lily 's hand back out and hold it . lily snicker and look out she window . Nina look at they clasped hand , then out she own window , happy . 68 . 70 int . upper west side apartment hallway - later 70 Nina quietly open the front door . lily giggle . Nina shush she . they slip off they shoe and tip - toe inside . 71 int . upper west side apartment - same 71 Nina ease the door shut . lily tap she on the shoulder and point towards the hallway . erica emerge from the darkness , approach they slowly . distraught . erica do you have any idea what time it be ? nina mmm-hmm . late . erica where have you be ? nina to the moon and back . erica you have be drink . nina ( correct answer ) ding ding ding . lily snicker , Nina try to keep a straight face , but end up laugh . erica what else ? nina huh ? erica what else have you be do ? Nina smile coyly . nina you want to know they name ? 69 . erica grab Nina 's wrist . erica you need to sleep it off . nina there be two . Tom and Jerry ... erica be quiet , Nina . nina ( giggling ) I fuck both of they . erica shut you mouth ! erica violently jam she finger over Nina 's lip , try to silence she . Nina run into she room and slam the door . 72a int . nina's bedroom - same 72a she grab the break piece of wood from the dresser and jam the door . she back lily away , prepare for the storm . nina do not come in here ! erica try to open the door , but it get stick . she peer she eye through the crack . erica what 's this ? nina it 's call privacy ! I be not fuck twelve year old anymore ! erica struggle a little with the door , but can not get it to budge . erica you be not my Nina right now ! 70 . nina leave I alone !!! Nina shove the door shut . erica 's footstep retreat , follow by the slam of she bedroom door . 72b Nina be work up , breathe hard . 72 B lily ( o.s. ) whoa ... Nina turn around and see she double smile at she . Nina flee to the door . pause . she peek back and see that it 's actually lily . relieved , she grab lily and kiss she , revve - up . lily respond with equal force . they claw at each other , passion exceed coordination . lily pull Nina 's shirt off and throw she onto the bed . she straddle Nina , who look up at she carnivorously . lily take she own top off , plunge down and kiss Nina . Nina flip lily over , become the dominant one . lily scratch Nina 's back , over some of the rash . there 's subtle movement underneath the skin . Little pin prick push up the flesh , trail behind she hand . self -conscious , Nina grab lily 's hand and hold she wrist down . she bite she neck . lily smile , like the violence . she dig she nail into Nina 's hand . then lily get back on top of Nina . the tattooe lily on she back undulate and spread out . morph into dark wing . she kiss down Nina 's body . further and further ... 71 . lily start to go down on Nina . nervous , Nina whimper . glance down and see the double . she try to pull away . lily shush she . Nina calm back down , see that it 's she . she take a breath and succumb . bump shoot up all over she skin as she breath quicken . she close she eye , allow the sensation to invade she body and climaxe . she breathes she way back to earth . slowly she eye open . she roll over towards lily . but lily be go . instead she double hover over she . double sweet girl . she smashes a pillow over Nina 's face . CUT to : a73 omitted a73 73 int . nina's bedroom - morning 73 Nina lie alone in bed , the sheet and comforter in disarray . she sit up , clutches she head in pain . she look around , but there 's no sign of lily or the double . then she eye drift to the alarm clock : 11:36 . 72 . she snap out of bed . 74 int . upper west side apartment - morning 74 dishevel , Nina race towards the front door . she see erica brood at the kitchen table , watch she . nina why do not you wake I up ? erica just stare at she , devastate . nina ( cont 'd ) I be move out . Nina whip out the front door and leave she . 75 int . backstage - day 75 Nina race . she hear muffle Black swan music play , rehearsal clearly in progress . nina ( to herself ) my music . she run into the wing and see the full company rehearse on stage for the first time ... another girl dance she part . the girl spin and Nina see she face . it 's lily ! horrify , Nina run onto 76 stage 76 and make a beeline for leroy , look beyond apologetic . the dancer and piano player stop at the interruption . leroy keep go . let 's finish the Act . the piano music resume , and the dancer pick up where they leave off . 73. Nina meet lily 's eye . she make a sorry face , but then continue dance . Nina be force to watch from the sideline as lily and David finish the Black swan 's pas de deux . leroy ( cont 'd ) that be good . let 's take 10 , then we will move on to Act 4 . he turn to Nina and he smile fade . leroy ( cont 'd ) get warm up . nina Thomas , I be sor - he ignore she , and walk off stage . lily tentatively approach with the practice tutu . lily hey ... Nina snatch it , avoid eye contact . she put it on . lily ( cont 'd ) he want to go through the space . ask I to step in . Nina start stretch . nina ( load ) I oversleep . lily oops ... least you have a good time , right ? Nina do not answer . lily ( cont 'd ) hello ? nina you put something in my drink . 74-76 . lily ( obviously ) yeah ... nina and take off this morning . lily this morning ? nina yeah , you sleep over . lily uh , no . unless you name 's Tom and you have a dick . nina but we ... Nina stop herself . lily we what , Nina ? lily can read something on she face . lily ( cont 'd ) what , you have some kind of lezzy wet dream ? Nina glance at the dancer , nervous they have hear . nina you be lie . lily ( tickled ) oh my god , you totally fantasize about I . nina stop . lily be I good ? nina ( bark ) shut up ! other dancer look over . Nina resume stretch . lily just walk away . 74-76a . a77 int . stage - day a77 Nina dance the end of the ballet , the White swan 's suicide . leroy the Black swan have steal you love . there 's only one way to end the pain . Nina climb the stair of the set and arrive at the " cliff , " stop at the precipice . leroy ( cont 'd ) you be not at all fearful . fill with acceptance . Nina look down . it 's a short drop to a stack of pad , but a hard floor surround it . leroy ( cont 'd ) you look at the Prince , then down at rothbart , and , yes , up at the audience ... and jump ! she hesitates , fearful . leroy ( cont 'd ) go ahead . you will be fine . Nina take a breath and leap in a swan dive . she fall ... and land in the pad , unhurt . slight applause from the other dancer . leroy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) everybody get a drink then it 's note . Nina lie in the pad , completely exhaust . b77 int . backstage - later b77 Nina sit backstage , toweling herself off . she pause , notice leroy and lily converse near the doorway . lily nod and touch he arm . he smile warmly , then notice Nina watch . his serious demeanor return and he pull away . he say goodbye to lily . lily follow he gaze and smirk at Nina , rub it in , before exite herself . 74-76b . 77 omitted 77 77-78 . 78a-b omitted 78a - B 79 omitted 79 80 omitted 80 a81 int . bathroom - night a81 Nina kneel in front of the toilet , a finger down she throat . she gag , but nothing come up . her eye tear up , and she try again , but still just heave . frustrate , she wipe she mouth and flush . 81 int . upper west side apartment - night 81 Nina exit the bathroom and approach she mother 's bedroom door . it 's close , but the light 's on underneath . she 's about to knock , but hesitates . through the door , she can hear the sound of she mother watch a infomercial on tv . a unfamiliar , lonely noise . Nina stand there for a moment , just breathe . she strengthen she resolve and back away from the door . 82 int . nina's bedroom - night 82 Nina collapse on she bed . she open the jewelry BOX sit on she night stand . she watch the ballerina spin for a moment ... then suddenly slam the lid shut and throw the box hard against the wall . she shoot out of bed and start gather all she childish possession -- stuff animal , doll , keepsake , etc . 83 int . apartment corridor - night 83 Nina shove she belonging into the trash chute , a pile of she next victim strewn at she foot . she grab a teddy bear in a tutu , and jam he in . 77-78a . a84 int . stage - day a84 Nina dance the Black swan in front of the nearly complete scenery . a few technician complete last minute touch -up . leroy watch from he down - stage post , he focus split between she and ... lily , stretch with the other ballerinas . she stare at Nina with a dark expression . fuele by the competition , Nina push herself . her dance become more impassion and aggressive . she finish the section , breathe deeply , cover in sweat . the company enthusiastically clap . she stare intently at leroy , await he response . leroy at last , I see the Black swan . b84 int . costume shop - day b84 Nina wear the black swan costume , face a mirror . another mirror behind she create a infinite array of reflection . the overworked costumer check each seam , pull the costume taut , analyze what need to be take in and let out . Nina look uncomfortable , dislike the scrutiny of she body . she hear a sharp rustle . like someone 's scratch . she look up at the mirror . her reflection stare back . behind the first reflection , another Nina have she arm behind she back , like she 's scratch she shoulder . Nina lean to get a better look ... costumer sit still , I be almost do . Nina startles . the reflection have return to normal , its hand back at its side . costumer check one more thing , make one more note . costumer ( cont 'd ) okay , all set . 77-78b . the customer leave she to change . relieved , Nina quickly take off the costume and start to dress in she sweat . she hear someone enter the costume shop . lily ( o.s. ) hey ... Thomas send I . Nina pause , recognize she voice . costumer ( o.s. ) yeah , need to get you measure for you swan Queen costume . Nina step out from behind the privacy curtain , and find lily wait . nina ( to costumer ) what 's she do here ? lily he make I you alternate . ( can not help it ) just in case ... Nina push past she . c84 int . backstage hallway - day c84 Nina chase after leroy , in mid-conversation with the stage manager and two stagehand . nina Thomas ! he stop and face she . nina ( cont 'd ) she 's try to replace I . leroy ( to stage manager , stagehand ) go ahead . I will catch up . they continue walk . leroy ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? 77-78c . nina lily . you make she my alternate . leroy there 's always a alternate , you know that . lily 's the best choice . nina she want my role . leroy every dancer in the world want you role . nina no , she 's different . she 's after I . she 's try to replace I . leroy ( condescending ) Nina ... nina please believe I . he study she for a moment , not sure what to make of this . leroy listen , I know it 's be a struggle . but you have a breakthrough this morning . Nina start to speak , he hold up he hand to silence she . leroy ( cont 'd ) tomorrow be yours . give a great performance , and you will not have to worry about lily , or anyone else . nina thomas - leroy no more . go home and rest . shut down , she watch he walk away . 84 omitted 84 79 . 85a int . principal rehearsal space - night 85 a Nina practice the Black swan , alone with the jade piano player , work herself hard . he suddenly stop play . nina what happen ? piano player I gotta life , deary . he close the music book and stand . piano player ( cont 'd ) do not work too hard . it 's you big day tomorrow . annoy , she watch he leave . 85b she face herself in the mirror and take a breath . 85 B she resume dance without music , she foot clicking on the floor . as she move , she notice something strange out of the corner of she eye : the reflection 's dance lag a little behind hers . Nina stop . the sound of she footstep stop a second later . she stare at the mirror ... troubled . the door to the room bang shut . she whip towards it and she 's suddenly plunge into darkness . freak , she stumble towards the door , and push out into the 80 . 86a int . stage - night 86a where it 's equally dark . lit only by the stage 's " ghost light , " a single bulb on a stand . nina hey ! hey ! I be still in here . no one answer . she look at the cavernous auditorium . all that empty seat , face towards she . very overwhelming ... she hear a noise in the wing . nina ( cont 'd ) hey ! turn the light back on ! she get to the other side of the stage , but the wing seem empty . quiet . 86b then she hear the faint sound of muffled banging . 86 B nina ( cont 'd ) hello ? no one answer . she head towards the noise . the bang now accompany by a giggle . 87 int . wing - same 87 it 's pretty dark but the sound be unmistakable : two people go at it . Nina tiptoe past some off-stage sets and lighting equipment . and peek around a piece of scenery ... catch a glimpse of leroy fuck lily further backstage . she 's wild , clearly enjoy it . Nina look away , disgust . she peek back one more time . leroy have become the demon rothbart , ravish the double . she meet Nina 's eye and smile . Nina jump back , knock into a piece of the set . the lovemake pause at the sound . Nina flee . 81 . a88 int . principal dressing room - night a88 Nina run in and quickly jam she belonging into she bag . she notice she reflection in the mirror and remove she diamond earring . then gather the other trinket sit on the counter and put they all inside she bag . b88 ext . theater - night b88 Nina push out the stage door , and pass the row of poster . they now advertise swan Lake and feature a beautiful photograph of Nina . Nina stop and look at they . 88 int . hospital - night 88 Nina slowly enter Beth 's room , but remain at the threshold . Beth sit in a wheelchair face towards the window . sleep . Nina get up the nerve and quietly walk further in , try not to wake she . Nina pull out the tube of lipstick from she bag and gently place it on the hospital table . she pull out the diamond earring , set they down . follow by the makeup compact , the pack of cigarettes , a needle and thread , and a emory board . a hand suddenly grab Nina 's arm . awake , Beth stare Nina down . beth what be you do here ? stun , Nina 's unable to answer . Beth follow she gaze to the random item on she table . nina I be so sorry . Beth begin touch the object , vaguely remember . 82. nina ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to make you feel this way . it 's happen to I now . she 's try to replace I . Beth see the earring and it all click in . beth you steal all this thing ? nina I just want to be like you . perfect . Beth shoot Nina a dark look and turn away . beth I be not perfect . I be nothing . nina it 's not true . beth Fucking nothing ! Beth grab the emory board and stab herself in the face . beth ( cont 'd ) nothing ! nothing !!! nina Beth ?! Nina spin Beth around . she be now a bloody version of the double ! she continue stabbing herself . Nina grab the double 's hand and struggle to restrain she . double nothing ! nina stop it ! stop ! the emory board stab into Nina 's arm . Nina rush from the room . 83. 89 int . hallway - same 89 she bang into a empty stretcher sit in the hallway , cause a clamor . the older nurse look up . Nina jump into a open elevator . 90 int . hospital elevator - same 90 she hit the ground floor button , and hide in the corner . as the door close , she look down and see that , in one hand , she hold the bloody emory board . she drop it , disgust . 91 int . upper west side apartment - night 91 Nina run in and quickly shut the door behind she . take a breath , and notice some blood still on she hand . a92 int . kitchen - same a92 she flip on the light . the room 's empty . she go to the sink and wash she hand . she finish , and flip the light off as she walk out of the room . she pause , rush back and flip on the light . the double stare at she from the corner , she face cover in blood . terrify , Nina run . b92 int . bathroom - same b92 she go straight to the toilet and vomit . she hear a creak sound in the apartment and look towards the open door . nina mommy ?! she go out to investigate . 83a . 92 int . erica's bedroom - same 92 Nina fling open the door , but erica 's not in there . she hear rustling , then whispering . Nina look around the room . the painting of herself seem to move slightly . blink . mouth move . they whisper : " sweet girl " and then start chant " my turn , my turn , my turn ! " Nina cup she hand over she ear , try to block it out . she hear a bang and look towards the door . no one 's there . she glimpsis the mirror , which reflect down the hallway . she see she double rush towards the room . scare , Nina whip around , just as she mother arrive in the doorway . 84 . erica what be you do ? Nina push past she , in a frenzy . 93 int . bedroom - same 93 Nina close the door . stick in the break piece of wood . a pain shoot through she shoulder . she scream , instinctively reach for it . she quickly yank off the sweater and look at the vanity mirror . her back pulsate unnaturally . tiny black tip poke through . the door open and catch on the doorjamb . erica start pounding . nina go away ! she dig into the open bump on she shoulder with she fingernails . erica open the door !!! erica violently push and pull , jostling the piece of wood . Nina concentrate , take hold of the growth and yank . blood vessel in she eye explode , make the white turn red . Nina look at the object hold in she finger : a sharp , tiny black spine . like that of a sea urchin . damp , feathery wisp hang off of it . the door fling open . erica rush in and find Nina half - naked , she skin inflame . erica ( cont 'd ) oh my god ... Nina start force she out the door . erica push back . 85 . erica ( cont 'd ) stop , you be sick ! nina get out ! she manage to get she all the way out the door . but rothbart hand grab the door frame . Nina slam the door , smashing the hand . erica scream in pain . Nina slam the door again , and again . the hand now human . she finally get the door all the way shut . she step away from it , nervous ... she look down , see one of she knee SNAP backwards , like that of a bird . then the other knee snap back . Nina stumble and fall . and slam she head into the radiator . smash to black . tinny music play in the darkness . fade in : 94 int . nina's bedroom - evening 94 Nina flutter open she eye . the world come into focus and she see she mother hover over she , stroking she hair . erica sshh , shhh , it 's okay . I be here . Nina look around , disorient . see she hand jamme inside thick sock , hold on by rubber band . groggy , she try to pull they off . erica ( cont 'd ) you be scratch all night . erica help remove the sock , she smashed hand wrap in bandage . Nina weakly try to sit up , but erica push she back down . 86 . erica ( cont 'd ) Rest . shhh , rest . Nina give in , too tired to fight she . her eye drift to the source of the tinny music : the open jewelry box . the ballerina 's be break off , all that remain be a single amputate leg , spin morbidly on the base . erica ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's good . Rest . Nina 's eye drift to the alarm clock . it 's go . nina where 's the clock ? erica do not worry . Nina look at the dark window . nina it 's dark . what night be it ? Nina read erica 's face . reality click in . nina ( cont 'd ) ( panicking ) what time be it ?! Nina try to sit up , but she mother push she back down . nina ( cont 'd ) I have to go . erica do not worry . I call the theater and tell they you be not feel well . Nina freak , struggle more violently . nina no , I want to . erica lie down ! nina get off I ! Nina squirm free of erica 's grasp and get out of bed . she get to the door ... 87 . but the doorknob 's be knock - off , leave just a metal post stick out of the hole . erica we be stay in here until you feel better . Nina grip the metal post and pull and pull , shaking the door . nina where be it ? erica calmly sit down in she chair , wait for the storm to pass . erica this role be destroy you . Nina rifle through she dresser drawer . she notice she mother sit calmly . nina move . erica Nina ... Nina grab she by the wrist . erica ( cont 'd ) stop it . nina you be crazy ! erica what happen to my sweet girl ? Nina yank erica off the chair onto the floor . nina she 's go . erica please , you be not well . under the cushion Nina grab the hide brass doorknob . erica lunge for she daughter 's leg . nina let go ! 87a . erica you can not handle it ! nina I can not ?! I be the fuck swan queen ! you never even get out of the corps . erica you fuck ungrateful - Nina jam the knob onto the post , open the door . erica ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not leave ! Nina ! 88. 95 ext . theater - evening 95 Nina approach the theater with harry step . quickly past the row of swan lake poster . she reach the side of the building , fling open the stage door and enter . 96 int . backstage hallway - evening 96 Nina frantically make she way down the bustling hallway , chaotic with dancer . excitement in the air . she near the soloist ' dress room . just outside of it , she spot a group of dancers excitedly chat around a smile lily . Nina stop in she track . lily glance in she direction , and she smile quickly fade into a sneer . lily what be you do here ? the other girl follow she gaze towards Nina , and they smile turn to confusion . leroy ( o.s. ) Nina ? she turn and find that leroy have approach from behind she . lily you be suppose to be sick . leroy lily , give we a minute . leroy pull Nina towards she room . lily glare at Nina as she pass . 97 int . principal dressing room - same 97 leroy close the door behind they . he look at Nina , wheel spin . 89 . leroy be you okay ? nina I be fine . Nina go to she wardrobe , find she two costume hang . one for the White swan , one for the Black swan . leroy Nina ? she do not heed he , pull out the White swan leotard and set it on she chair . leroy ( cont 'd ) Nina ! nina what ? leroy I already ask lily - nina fuck . have you announce it ? he have not . nina ( cont 'd ) after Beth , do you need more controversy ? leroy smirk at she directness . nina ( cont 'd ) I be here , Thomas . I be do it . he look at she , consider , and give she a reluctant nod . she smile . 90 . leroy the only person stand in you way be you . it 's time to let she go . lose yourself . she nod . he take one last look at she and leave . she breathes a sigh of relief . curious , she crack open the door and peek outside : 98 int . backstage hallway ( nina's Pov ) 98 leroy have pull lily down the corridor to break the news . lily take off , furious . 99 omitted 99 91 . 100 int . principle's dressing room - later 100 through the PA , music from act 1 play . Nina sit at she vanity in a robe , wear the full White swan makeup and feather crown . pale , with red lipstick and dark eyeliner , she look like a porcelain doll . she drop the robe off she shoulder and cover she rash with white makeup . the stage manager be voice come through the PA speaker : stage manager ( v.o. ) Act 2 's start . ten minute . she remove a slipper off one foot . her big and second toe , and she pinky and fourth toe be stick together . puzzle , she peel they apart . she remove she other slipper and find the same toe completely fuse , form two large toe with double toenail on either side of the middle toe . she touch the bird - like foot , concerned , but slip on she tight and hide the foot . 101 int . backstage - night 101 Nina stretch nervously in the wing , await she entrance . she peek out through a small hole in the wall , see the audience sit expectantly in they seat . the music begin and they shift and mummer in anticipation . Nina pull away , take deep breath and clenching she hand , try to stay calm . on stage , David enter , beginning the Act . he traverse the stage , " hunt " with a crossbow . stage manager ( to nina ) go. Nina take a last breath and run on . 102 stage 102 under the spotlight , she begin dance she intro . 92 . David run towards she and she startles away from he , afraid . he grab she and they begin they first pas de deux . 103 int . backstage - later 103 Nina come offstage , catch she breath . all around she , corp member dress as little swan rush back on stage , where four little swan begin the pas de quatre . Nina look into the opposite wing and see leroy watch she . he give she a small , content nod , then disappear behind a swarm of dancer . on stage , the four Little swan perform . in they identical makeup and costume , they look disturbingly alike . during the applause , Nina catch a glimpse of David backstage , sweaty , laugh and hold someone 's hand . Nina can not see who , she view obscure by move body and limb . suspicious , Nina move to get a better look . revealing that David 's flirt with lily . Nina tense . then the four Little swan rush offstage past Nina . she watch they go , unsettle . stage manager what be you do ? you be on ! he gently nudge she , and she have to run back on . 104 stage 104 Nina rush from the wing , directly into David 's arm . all the swan be freeze in two row on each side of the stage , look downstage . David launch Nina into the air , hand around she waist . 93. he slowly turn she around , keep she hold high . from she swirl , bird 's eye view , Nina see the row of identically dress Little swan glaring at she ... Nina freak , jerk she body . David 's grip slip and Nina slam onto the stage . it 's a horrific moment that feel like a eternity . gritting she tooth , Nina look up around she , see the face of the other ballerinas . stare at she sadistically . Nina find lily , glance at David . he snap to and quickly help Nina up . david what the fuck ? she 's too freak to respond . they resume dance , Nina barely keep it together . behind they , rothbart appear and command he flock to exit . the Little swan start swirl off stage . leave Nina and David alone . David try to pull she in one direction , but the dark hand of rothbart summon she , transform she back into a swan . she pull away from David , frantically flap , until she disappear into the wing . 105 int . backstage - same 105 as soon as she 's off , she break down , hyperventilate . the dancer play rothbart eye she with concern . rothbart you alright ? she look up , see he creepy mask , and back away . rothbart have to go back on stage to finish the Act . other corp member surround she , chirp " you okay ? , " what happen ? " etc . daze , Nina do not answer . the music end and there 's a weak smatter of applause . 94 . stage manager that 's intermission ! Act 3 in fifteen . the other dancer scurry to get ready , abandon she . Nina see leroy on stage chew David out , behind the close curtain . David spot Nina , glare at she , and sulk away . leroy run he finger through he hair , he back to Nina . Nina cautiously approach . nina it be not my fault . he drop I . he can not even look at she . leroy ( raging ) what a fuck disaster ! he walk away . all alone , Nina see everyone backstage look at she . she run , escape they stare . 106 omitted 106 107 int . principle's dressing room - same 107 she close the door behind she , ready to cry . she look up , and find lily put on makeup and wear the Black swan costume . lily Rough start , huh ? pretty humiliate ... 95 . nina get out of here . lily wow ...rude . lily coyly smile , and continue apply makeup . lily ( cont 'd ) I be worried about the next act . not sure you be feel up to it . nina stop . just stop . lily how about ... I dance the Black swan for you ? Nina look into the mirror . instead of lily 's reflection there 's the double . nina leave I alone . leave I alone . double ( in mirror ) but it 's my turn . Nina 's fury rise up from inside . nina leave I alone !!! she charge ... and smashes she into the wall length mirror , shatter it . shard fall everywhere . the double flip Nina over and wail on she . punch after punch . Nina do she best to block the onslaught . they scuffle , knock thing over , bump into wall . the double get she hand around Nina 's neck ... gasp for air , Nina try to pull the hand free , but she 's too strong . 96 . her hand frantically scramble along the surface of the floor . the finger barely touch the edge of a mirror shard , but can not grasp it . the double squeeze down . the blood vessel in Nina 's eye burst again . her neck start to stretch unnaturally . strength surge through she body and she lunge ... finally grab the shard . and drive it into the double 's stomach . Nina glance at she hand , cut by the mirror , then back up . the double be now lily . stun , lily look down and touch the stab wound . nina ( cont 'd ) it 's my turn . lily cough up blood and collapse , dead . Nina stare at she , breathe heavily , high on adrenaline . a knock on the door . stage manager ( o.s. ) Black swan , place in 5 . Nina drag the stiffening body into the wardrobe closet . 108 int . principal dressing room - moment later 108 Nina zip up the back to the Black swan costume . she deliberately apply the Black swan makeup . Dark eye shadow and rouge , maroon lipstick . dress in black and wear the dark make - up of the Black swan , she look fierce . she stare at she reflection , she eye burn red . New rash bump pop up on she arm , the intensity building within . 97 . 109 omitted 109 110 omitted 110 111a int . stage - night 111a Nina burst onto stage as the Black swan , accompany by rothbart . she look powerful , intense as she move towards David . his face show he surprise . Nina dance the first pas de deux with he . they finish and exit 111b backstage 111b david wow - she walk away from he . alone , she look at she arm , see black point try to push through again . some fully emerge as shiny black feather . she just watch they , not panic , but accept the transformation take place . even beckone it . her second entrance cue be play . stage manager that 's you ! she leap back on 111c stage 111c for the coda . she take a brief pause , close she eye once more , and then completely let herself go . she spin with ferocity . more black feather burst out from she shoulder and back . at last , she truly embody the Black swan . 98 . she finish the coda , punctuate she last spin with a sharp step that echoe through the theater . the audience look on , mesmerize . too stunne to clap at first . 111d Nina look down at the stage , she face glaze with sweat 111d she have return to normal . no feather . normal eye . a woman . she finally look up at the audience , and they erupt in a stand ovation . Nina walk to the front of the stage , take she bow . Nina look up at the Mass of body fill the auditorium , vibrate with applause . proud , Nina smile and bow again . again and again . she finally run off stage , the applause still go strong . 112 int . backstage - same 112 Nina enter the wing , other dancer cheer loudly . even Veronica and galina . she push past all the smile face . it feel very surreal . she see leroy clap and shaking he head . blown away . leroy get back out there ! get back - she stop he mouth with a kiss . the kind of kiss that you can not stop . not desperate , but adamant . finally she disengage , stare at he in the eye , but before he can say anything ... she turn and rush back on stage . he 's stunne . like he 's be run over by a truck . 113 int . backstage hallway - later 113 she walk towards she dress room , a satisfied smile on she face . she pass the stage manager . 99 . stage manager great job . you get fifteen till the last act . she nod and arrive at she room . she open the door , make sure no one look , and enter quickly . 114 int . principal dressing room - same 114 she close the door behind she , lock it . turn and see the break glass all over the floor . she eye the close wardrobe . a pool of blood drip out from under the door . she pick up a towel and lay it over the blood . she start to undress . 115 int . principal dressing room - moment later 115 back in the White swan costume , she re-apply the makeup . there 's a knock on the door . she look towards it , she face only halfway made-up . nina one second . she go to the door , open it just a crack . she peek through and find ... lily look back at she . lily hey ... you be amazing . Nina 's petrify . lily ( cont 'd ) seriously . I be sorry thing get so mess up between we . just , holy shit , totally blow away ... 100 . Nina barely manage a nod . lily ( cont 'd ) anyway , want to tell you . I will let you finish . merde . lily turn and walk away . Nina swiftly shut the door . she turn around , stare at the wardrobe . she step cautiously towards it , she face repeat countlessly in all the reflective shard . she lift the towel from the ground and look at it . it be clean . no blood . she look down at the floor . no blood there either . she slowly open the door to the wardrobe ... and find it empty . no body whatsoever . she look over at the break mirror . see she reflection stare back at she . she stare at it for a long beat , and realize something . she touch she stomach and wince a little . pull back she hand . it 's coat with red liquid . blood . it 's start to soak through the costume , create a faint red spot . the fabric be rip at the center of the stain . she feel inside for confirmation . and discover a stab wound , in she own stomach . she pull out the sharp tip of mirror still stick inside . blood begin flow more rapidly . she drop the mirror . stage manager ( v.o. ) ( on the PA ) White swan in 5 . in a daze , she sit down at the vanity , and finish apply the rest of the White swan 's makeup . 101 . 116a int . stage - later 116a Nina dance the final pas de deux as the White swan . lose blood by the second , everything be woozy and blurry . she can not do all the step , but she performance be pain , make it poignant . a spot of red begin to soak through at the center of she costume . the music turn ominous , and von rothbart , the evil sorcerer , come onto stage . Nina dance away from he , back upstage , towards the cliff . it 's time for she final leap . her energy fade , she teeter up the stair of the set . one step at a time ... she get to the top , take one last look around , at all the eye watch she . she notice a familiar face in the audience : her mother . she watch with a profound sadness , tear streaking she cheek . in the front of Nina 's costume , a dark circle have start to form . her blood fully seeping through . and Nina leap ... 116b into blackness 116b she fall through a endless void , she eye close . she slowly twist around in the air , so that she 's fall backwards . she hear something . Soft and muffle . the faint sound of applause . 116c she land slowly and comfortably on padding . 116c the sound of applause be now loud , uproarious . a group of ballerinas surround the mattress , clap for she , each one dress as a white swan . leroy push through the group to get to she . leroy listen to they ! they love you ! get up , get up ! ( more ) 102 . leroy ( cont 'd ) I always know you have it in you , little princess . go take you bow ! Nina be too weak to move . lily push she way into the group and gasp , point at Nina 's abdomen . leroy follow she gaze and discover the spot of blood , which have grow in size . leroy ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? nina I feel it . leroy oh my god . nina ... perfect . leroy someone , get help . nina shhh ... leroy look back at she . she smile . nina ( cont 'd ) it be perfect . he understand . the applause grow more and more faint . her eye glaze over and everything go completely silent . Nina lie there motionless , a smile freeze on she face . CUT to black .