black panther written by Ryan coogler &amp ; Joe Robert Cole ext . deep space a dark screen be light up by twinkle star . son Baba ? father yes , my son ? son tell I a story . father which one ? son the story of home . a meteorite drift into frame , head towards tiny Earth off in the distance . father million of year ago , a meteorite make of vibranium , the strongest substance in the universe strike the continent of Africa affect the plant life around it . the meteorite hit Africa and we see plant life and animal affect by vibranium . father ( cont 'd ) and when the time of man come , five tribe settle on it and call it wakanda . the tribe live in constant war with each other until a warrior shaman receive a vision from the panther goddess bast who lead he to the heart shape herb , a plant that grant he super human strength , speed , and instinct . a visual representation of the five tribe emerge as hand from the sand animation , and we see they unite , and then break apart as conflict arise . bashenga rise above the conflict and eat the heart shape herb , proceeding to unite the tribe . father ( cont 'd ) the warrior become King and the first Black panther , the protector of wakanda . ( more ) 2 . father ( cont 'd ) four tribe agree to live under the King 's rule , but the jabari tribe isolate themselves in the mountain . we see the jabari stride off towards the isolate mountain region . father ( cont 'd ) the wakandan use vibranium to develop technology more advanced than any other nation , but as wakanda thrive the world around it descend further into chaos . we see image of war and slavery just outside wakanda ' 's secretive border . father ( cont 'd ) to keep vibranium safe , the wakandan vow to hide in plain sight , keep the truth of they power from the outside world . we see the protective barrier rise around the wakandan city , as we pull back on the Earth as it spin , now zoom in on another part of the world .. · son and we still hide Baba ? father yes . son why ? ext . lake merritt apartment complex , oakland night - 1992 - tower apartment building loom over the horizon . kid play pickup basketball on a milk carton hoop when mysterious light approach from the sky . int . n'jobu's apartment / hallway night - a African man , n'jobu ( 30 ) sort through firearm and go over map with another man , jame ( 20 , African american ) . live news footage of the 1992 Los Angeles riot play on the tv . 3. n'jobu hey look , if we get in and out quick will not be any worry . you in the van come in through from the west , come around the corner , land right here . I and the twin pull up right here , we leavin ' this car behind , ok ? we corn ... suddenly , n'jobu hear something that we do not ... a familiar sound . n'jobu ( cont 'd ) hide the strap . James quickly move into action , hide the gun in the wall as n'jobu peer out a window , then clear the map from the table and unroll a tapestry on the wall , hide a bulletin board . James cock a handgun . jame be it the fed ? n'jobu no . a knock rattles the door . James walk over and look out of a peep hole , then turn back with a confuse expression . jame it 's two Grace Jones look chick ·.. they be hold spear . . . n'jobu open it . jame you serious ? n'jobu they will not knock again . James open the door and twodoramilaje ( member of the all female wakandan special force ) slowly enter carry large spear they eye not jobu . . doramilaje 1 ( subtitle ) ( in xhosa ) who be you ? n'jobu Prince n'jobu , son of azzuri . 4. doramilaje 1 ( in xhosa ) prove to I you be one of we . n'jobu grab he bottom lip and flip it , revealing a vibranium thread tattooglow blue with wakandan script . the dora swiftly slamtheir spear down in unison , make the sound of a emp . all electronics in the room instantly die out . int . n'jobu's apartment night - the room be pitch black , then .. . boom the dora hit the floor with they spear again and the light come back on , but now young chaka ( dress in the ceremonial garb of the Black panther ) stand before they . n'jobu kneel at the sight of he . he swat James , urging he to do the same . n'jobu ( in xhosa ) my King . .. Young t'chaka look at James , who gape in awe . young t'chaka leave we . n'jobu this be James . I trust he with my life . he stay , with you permission , King t'chaka . Young t'chaka look at he for a long beat . young ' chaka T as yo u wish . at ease .·. Young t' chaka remove he mask , hand it off to the dora and the woman step out into the hall , close the door behind they . young ' chaka ( cont 'd ) T ( in xhosa ) come baby brother . ( in english ) Le t I see how you be hold up . n'jobu stand . t'chaka walk over to he and they embrace . young t'chaka ( cont D ) ' you look strong . 5 . n'jobu glory to bast . I be in good health . how be home ? Young t'chaka 's mood darken . young t'chaka not so good , baby brother . there have be a attack . then , Young t'chaka activate a simple look bead bracelet , kimoyo bead that , project a hologram image of ulyss klaue . young t'chaka ( cont 'd ) this man , Ulysses klaue , steal a quarter ton of vibraniurn from we and trigger a bomb at the border to escape . many life be lose . he know where we hide the vibranium , and how to strike . n'jobu take the news in . young t'chaka ( cont 'd ) he have someone on the inside . Young t'chaka wait for not jobu to come clean of the crime . he do not . n'jobu why be you here ? youngt'chaka because I want you look I in the eye and tell I why you betrayed wakanda . not jobu I do no such thing . Young t'chaka snap a look to James . young chaka ( subtitle ) T ' ( in xhosa ) tell he who you be . jame Zuri , Son of badu . n'jobu what ? 6. n'jobu 's face go ashen as James be reveal to be young zuri , a wakandan spy . Zuri reveal he vibranium lip tattoo . n'jobu grab he . n'jobu ( cont 'd ) James , James you lie to I ? I invite you into my home and you be wakandan this whole time ? jame ( zuri ) you betrayed wakanda ! n'jobu how could you lie to I like - young t'chaka stand down . do you think that you be the only spy we send here ? Zuri walk to the wall and remove a duffle bag contain vibraniumcanisters glow blue . he show one to Young , t'chaka . young t'chaka ( cont 'd ) Prince n'jobu , you will return home at once , where you will face the council and inform they of you crime . ext . lake merritt , oakland night - a kid catch the basketball , gaze up as a aircraft with strange light rise into the sky and speed off . the ball drop . int . command cabin , royaltalonfighter - night - present day t'challa , dress in he Black panther armor , sit at the console in the back of the royaltalonfighter . a BBC news report play on the screen . BBC anchor the tiny nation of wakanda be mourn the death of its monarch , King t'chaka . the beloved ruler be one of many confirm dead after a terrorist attack at the United Nations a week ago . the suspect have since be apprehend . ( more ) 7. BBC anchor ( cont 'd ) though it remain one of the poorest country in the world , fortify by mountain range and a impenetrable rain forest , wakanda do not engage in international trade or accept aid . the succession of the throne be expect to fall to the oldest of the King 's two child , Prince t'challa . pilote the craft while seat in lotus position be okoye ( 30 , head of the dora milaje . ) okoye my Prince , come up on they now . ext . night sky chibock - night , overhead view of a six car military convoy , move like a a sinister serpent through the surround wilderness . we pull back into the sky revealing the tip of a futuristic look aircraft . this be the royaltalonfighter ( rtf ) . int . command cabin , royaltalonfighter - night t'challa stand , and move to a sand model of the convoy down below . okoye get up out of she chair and grab she spear off the wall . she move towards the back of the craft . t'challa no need , okoye . I can handle this alone . okoye pause , then return she spear to the wall . t'challa close the model and step to a mark circle in the floor . t'challa ( cont D ) ' I will get nakia out as quickly as possible . okoye place six kimoyobead into t'challa 's glove hand . okoye just do not freeze when you see she . t'challa what be you talk about ? I never freeze . 8. t'challa slip on he helmet , revealing himself to be Black panther and fold he arm over he chest . okoye open she close fist , drop panther out of the aircraft . ext . night sky , chibock - night panther hurdle through the cloud and throw the sphere toward the car below . the sphere changeshape into edge disc that we follow through the air as they zip toward . . . ext . dirt road chibock - night , wham the disc mount themselves . to hood of all the vehicle send a sonic ripple , through they , stop the convoy in its track . i/e . militant leader' pickup , dirt road , chibock - night the militant leaderriding shotgun watch as the driver look around , confuse . he try turn the key to start the truck up again -- nothing . the militant leader grab he AK - 47 and climb out to the front of the truck , he spot the disk mount to it , and try pull it off to no avail . he raise he fist . militant leader Defense position ! the militant leader slip down a night vision monocular as the other militant echo the call and begin to fall in line . int . cargotruck , chibock - night pack closely together , severalnigerian women dressed in hijab sit , wait . a cargotruckmilitant sit amongst the woman , rifle in hand , next to a youngmilitant , a child soldier no older than twelve . we find a woman sit in the back corner , she eye observe the militant intensely . this be nakia ( 30' , a wakandan spy ) . the cargotruckmilitant stand up and cock he rifle . cargotruckmilitant no game . 9. he and the Young militant exit the vehicle as nakia watch closely . ext . road chibock - night , the pickup 's driver climb out , cock a submachine gun and look into the forest in the wrong direction . slowly approach , the militant leader point to shifting foliage in the direction of panther . the militant nod and the militant leader cover they while they go off into the grass . the militant move slowly follow every sound . they point they gun at the base of a tree , but it ' 's just a stray dog . the gunman approach the tree , eyeing around , then look up to find pantherstalk he prey from the tree top . I /e. militant leader' pickup , dirt road chibock - night , militant leader ( into radio ) what do you see ? i/e . cargotruck , chibock - night nakia climb out of the truck while the other captive woman look on . ext . militant leader' pickup , dirt road chibock - night , on militant leader militant leader ( into radio ) come in ! come in ! fromthe road we hear a faint struggle , then a militant's bodyis hurl into the side of the pickup truck as the other militant look on in horror ! the . so cal gunnerand all of the other man in the convoy blindly OPEN FIRE into the tree . 10 . then pantheremerges from behind they , flipping into the . so cal , truck bed and slashing clean through the base of the then take the gunner out with a single blow . I /e. cargotruck chibock - night , slip behind a militant , nakia pick up the man 's rifle and quickly disassemble it as another militant approach and use the barrellike a combat stick , put he on he back , out cold . she leap onto a second militant , easily take he down and strike he in the throat . ext . dirt clearing , chibock - night the four man do not see panther come and execute a barrage of punchesand kick , panther viciously dispatch they . he spot the Young militant fire at he then slashes through a car door , and throws the doorat a militant behind he - take he out . on panther in a moment of desperation , the Young militant rush out , fire at panther to no effect . then , as panther walk towards he , nakia dive out , kick the young militant 's gun from he hand and grab he in a neck -lock . swing around , nakia kick panther in the chest , stop he momentum . caught off guard , panther freeze . nakia this one be just a boy . .. he get kidnap as well . nakia pull the wrap from the young militant 's face , expose he pre-teen expression . she remove she own hijab as well . panther stare at she - for a beat too long ... t'challa nakia . . . I . . . I want to ... nigerian militant # 2 ( o.s. ) hey ! 1 ! and nakia turn to a panther find nigerian militant # 2 hold at gunpoint . captive woman 11 . nigerian militant # 2 ( cont D ) ' I have she ! do not move , I will shoot ! I will shoot she right now ! behind the militant , a unseen figure creep out of the bush . the figure stand , revealing herself to be okoye . the militant ' 's rifle be sudde ly CUT in half by okoye who N finish he with another swipe of she spear . okoye you froze . t'challa remove he helmet , face nakia . nakia why be you here ? eesh , you ruin my mission ! t'challa my father be dead , nakia . the news devastate she . t'challa ( cont D ) ' I will be cro wned King tomorrow , and I wish for you to be there . nakia look at t'challa deeply . then turn , catch eye with one of the nigerian captive as okoye bring they from aro u no the truck . nakia carry yourselves home now , and take the boy . get he to he people . the nigerian woman nod . nigerian woman thank you . okoye you will speak nothing of this day . T ' challa loo k 's at the Young militant for a beat before he , nakia and okoye disappear through the tree . the nigerian woman and the Young militant look up at the sky as the rtf take off . 12 . ext . wakandan mountain border - breakingdawn the rtf come out of stealth mode and become visible as it glide over a mountain range . int . royaltalonfighter - breakingdawn t'challa and nakia sit close , silently . nakia reach out and touch he hand . he look at she and smile . okoye sister nakia ... my Prince . we be home . nakia approach the front of the craft with T ' challa . they loo k out . i/e . royaltalonfighter - breakingdawn several bordertribe shepherdslook over they flock of sheep and cattle . as the rtf 's shadow pass over the strawthatched hut , severalchildrenrun out into the pasture , smile and wave at the Prince . twobordertribe kide ( one boy , one girl ) on horseback overtake they . they horse hurdle ahead at a breakneck pace . air as the rtf soar the horse rider pump they fist in the over a second mountain range . t'challa this never get old . i/e . rtf - breakingdawn nakia , t'challa and okoye regard a beautifulrainforestthat expands for as far as the eye can see . okoye dive the pl ane seemingly right into the tree . . . when at the last moment it pass through , revealing the forest be a massive hologram and below .. . ext . the goldencity , capital of wakanda breakingdawn - a sprawling metropolis with elaborate vein of public transportation run through it at ground level and high arching skyscraper . 13. the rtf head for the royalpalace , a magnificent building at the center of the city and touch down on the landing pad . ext . landing pad , royalpalace / int . rtf - breakingdawn ramonda ( s0s , Queen mother of wakanda ) , and shur ! ( 18 , princess of wakanda ) stand on the pad flanke by ayo . okoye , nakia and t'challa exit the rtf and nakia bow she head . nakia Queen mother . . . princess . my comfort for you loss . ramonda thank you , nakia . it be so good to have you back with we . nakia nod . okoye ( to ayo ) take she to the River Province to prepare she for the ceremony . ayo yes , general . ayo nod and walk off with nakia while shuri watch closely . shur ! do he freeze ? okoye like a antelope in headlight . shuri laugh at this . t' challa be you finish ? okoye slam she spear into the ground , signal the rest of the dora to follow she off . t'challa turn to shuri . t'challa ( cont 'd ) so surprised my little sister come to see I off before we big day . 14 . shur ! you wish . I be here for the emp bead , I have develop a update . t'challa update ? no , it work perfectly . shur ! how many time to I have to teach you , just because something work , do not mean that it cannot be improve . t' challa ( teasing ) you be teach I , what do you know ? shuri hold out she hand and t'challa drop the bead into she hand . shuri head off . t'challa ( cont 'd ) I can not wait to see what kind of update you make to you ceremonial outfit . shuri flip he off . ramonda shuri ! t'challa smile at this . shur ! sorry mother . ramonda turn to t'challa . t'challa how be you feel today , mama ? ramonda proud ... you father and I would talk about this day all the time . he be with we , and it be you time to be King . ext . british museum , london UK - morning , Museum employee congregate outside as tourist and school group move toward the main entrance . 15 . int . west african exhibit - moment later we see a black man in high - end street wear , around 30 year old . a ring hang on a gold chain around he neck . this be erik killmonger . killmonger stand dangerously close to the glass contain severalwest african artifact they range from what look . like iron gardening tool to mask and short range weapon . flanking the room be twosecurity guard slight , l y unnerve by he presence . we follow the museum director a british , woman ( mid - 40 's ) as she enter and walk up behind killmonger as he study t he war mask . museum director good morning ! how can I help you ? killmonger I be just check out this artifact . they tell I you be the expert . museum director you could say that . killmonger they be beautiful . killmonger point at one of the mask . killmonger ( cont 'd ) where 's this one from ? museum director from the bobo ashanti tribe , prese not da y Ghana . 19th century . killmon ger for real ? what about this one ? museum director that one 's from the edo people of Benin . 16th century . killmonger now , tell I about this one . killmonger point to a mining tool off to the side . 16 . museum director also from Benin . 7th century . fula tribe I believe . killmonger Nah . museum director ( amuse ) I beg you pardon ? killmonger it be take by british soldier in Benin but it 's from wakanda and it 's make out of vibranium . do not trip , I 'mma take it off you hand for you . she look at killmonger like he 's crazy . museum director this item be not for sale . killmonger how do you think you ancestor get this ? you think they pay a fair price ? or do they take it like they take everything else . museum director Sir , I be go to have to ask you to leave . the Museum director subtly look back at the security guard , then make a face and touch she stomach -- indigestion . killmonger smile and lean over , whisper in she ear . killmonger you get all this security watch I ever since I walk in . but , you be not check for what you put in you body . the museum director look at killmonger in terror as a security guard walk up behind he . security guard alright , mate . let 's have it . come on , mate . killmonger I think she might not be feelin ' too good . 17 . the Museum director suddenly slump to the floor , clutching she stomach . killmonger ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey somebody get some help ! come here ! call a doctor , please ! hey please , somebody come help ! the security guard quickly rush to the museum director 's aid . security guard ( into radio ) Medical emergency right away in the West African exhibit please . right away ! killmonger stand back and look toward the door . I not . cafe british museum morning , - linda , a young black barista , look on as twoemt push a stretcherthrough the entrance . they head towards the West African exhibit . linda I be gonna take a break . preoccupy with the commotion , she co-worker nod and Linda walk out . int . west african exhibit , british museum moment - later the emt rush in , revealing the face of the lead paramedic ... it's ulyss klaue ( afrikaan , s0s . ) another emt limbani man the , , door . klaue let 's give the lady some space please . limbani step back please , gent , step back please . Museum - goer quickly bee l ine for the exit as klaue approach the guard . 18 . uneasy , the security guard follow klaue 's instruction only to have klaueand limbani draw silence pistol and rapidly shoot two of the three dead . klaue look at the one remain . klaue hey come here . come here ! it ' 's ok . you can go , but just do not tell anyone , alright ? the security guardlook back at he unsure , then take off . klaue then aim and shoot the Security Guard in the back . killmonger look on at he confuse . killmonger bro , why you 'aint just shoot h im right here ? klaue because it 's better to leave the crime scene more spread out . . . make we look like amateur . the lens on a surveillance camera at the corner of the room look on . int . security desk , british museum mor ing - N monitorswith feed from the West African exhibit show a looped video of patron enjoy the display as . . . ext . british museum london UK - morni G , , N just outside the entrance , Linda exit , wear plain clothes . she eye she cellphone screen where th e same video play . the sour c e of the loop . int . west african exhibit - morning klaue look down at the slump body of the guard . turn to killmonger . klaue now ... let 's see if you know what you be talk about .. . klaue remove he glove to reveal a bionic prosthetic hand . 19 . klaue walk up to the protective glass surround a smaller case contain the mining tool and place he hand on it . a invisible charge shatter the glass . klaue ( cont ' D ) that 's just a taste . klaue pick up the mining hammer study , it . the tool do not look like anything special . klaue ' 's hand sizzle blue and century of muckand grunge drop off the hammer revealing that it 's pure vibraniurn . klaue smell it , and smile . klaue ( cont 'd ) whoo ..· you 'r e gonna be rich , boy . killmon ger you better sel l that quick . klaue oh it 's already sell . klaue wave lirnbani over with the stretcher to load the hammer inside . he break the wooden handleoff the tool , take only the vibranium head . killmonger whatever you try , the wakandan ' will probably show up . klaue that ' will make my day . I can kill two bird with one stone . lirnbani approach killmonger who eye a third mask e xpertly , craft and slightly haunt . he slide th e mask inside the stretcher also . klaue ( cont 'd ) you be not Tel l ing I that 's vibranium too , eh ? killmonger Nah , I be just feel it . killmonger lay atop the gurney and limbani place a oxygen mask over he face . int . foyer british museum morning , - the fake emt 's wheel the stretcher out of the exhibit toward the entrance . 20 . ext . british museum , london UK - moment , later klaue and limbani load the gurney onto a ambulance and climb in . killmonger move towards the front of the truck and give Linda a kiss before she hit the siren and speed off . ext . wakandan river - day several incredible bargestransport congregation from four wakandan bes , elder and they tri tribal warriorsin traditional garb , other in modern wakandan attire , the dora milaje and kingsguard th spear and shield wi down river . ext . doramilaje barge wakandan , river - day okoye stand wi th she second in command , ayo flanke , by a legion of kingsguard and dora . ext . royalbarge wakandan , river - day ramonda and shuri dance . ext . river tribe barge wakandan , river - day nakia dance among she tribal leader . ext . doramilaje barge wakandan , river - day the dora slam they spear in unison , sonically trigger the massive drain at the top of the waterfall and we pull backto reveal natural seating build into the rock below . ext . wakandan fall - day the royaltalonfighter fly up to the pool 's edge and t'challa step off the aircraft , hold a short spear and shield and cover in leopard body paint . the crowd chant . elder warrior , dora , ngu t'challa lo. crowd ngu t'challa lo . t'challa bow at Zuri 's foot as the rtf lift away . 21 . ext . seating area warrior , fall thousands of wakandan stand accord to tribe , overlook a challenge pool : the border tribe , the mining tribe , the merchant tribe and the River tribe . five kingsguard drummer set up near the challenge pool . ramonda stand at the edge of the pool with shuri . nakia be with the River tribe , w'kabi ( the leader of the border tribe Army ) with the border tribe and okoye with ayo and the dora milaje . ext . challenge pool warrior , fall - day in the water , zuri ( now wakanda 's High shaman ) , hold the massive spear of bashenga , address the arena . zuri I , Zuri , Son of badu , give to you , Prince t'challa , the Black panther ! the elder watch as Zuri hold up a ceremonial vessel contain a mysterious concoction . zuri ( cont 'd ) the Prince will now have the strength of the Black panther stripped away . Zuri pour the solution into t'challa 's mouth . t'challa react violently , choke on the red fluid . t'challa spasm , he vein expand and he muscle contracting as the poison spread through he . but soon , he stop shaking and exhales easy . Zuri turn to the audience . zuri ( cont 'd ) damaku . .. crowd damaku . . . zuri Victory in ritual combat come by yield or death . if any tribe wish to put forth a warrior , I now offer a path to the throne . the merchant tribe warrior call out . 22. merchant tribe elder the merchant tribe will not challenge today . w'kabi , the head of the border tribe call out . bordertribe elder the border tribe will not challenge today . nakia call out , represent the River tribe . river tribe elder the River tribe will not challenge today . the mining tribe warrior call out . mining tribe elder the mining tribe will not challenge today . zuri be there any member of royal blood who wish to challenge for the throne ? on shur ! as she raise she hand , and a collective gasp be hear amongst the entire gather . shur ! this corset be really uncomfortable . so could we all just wrap it up and go home ? ramonda pinch she , as the elder groan , and the young wakandan be hear laugh . can back in the pool t'challa smile and shake he head . the sound of wooden drumsand loud chant suddenly interrupt . everyone look to the mouth of the main cavewhere six jabari warriorsand twojabari drummer file out . adorn in elaborate wooden armor , the warrior hold large wooden spear that look like javelin . the kingsguard coil tightly as stun the crowd the , jabari 's impose leader , m'baku emerge last . , 23 . on the audience where w'kabi and nakia unsheathe they weapon and okoye ready the dora milaje . on shuri and ramonda shuri turn to she mother . shuri ( cont 'd ) be they jabari ? ramonda yes . backin the pool Zuri confront m'baku . zuri m'baku . what be you do here ?! m'baku it 's challenge day . m'baku ( cont 'd ) we have watch and listen from the mountain . we have watch with disgust , as you technological advancement have be overseen by a child who scoff at tradition . m'baku point he spear at shuri , who 's eye grow large . ayo step in front of she . m'baku ( cont 'd ) and now ... you want to hand the nation over to this prince .. . ( he step nose to nose with t'challa ) who could not even keep he own father safe . hmm ? we will not have it . I say we will not have it ! ( beat ) I , m'baku , leader of the jabari wish to t'challa ( interrupting ) I accept you challenge , m'baku . m'baku glory to hanuman . 24 . Zuri put the panther mask on t'challa . m'baku grin and place a wooden gorilla maskover he face . he clenches he fist and call out for he jabari soldier to form a semicircle behind he , point they spear at he back . t'challa lift he hand and call out for the dora , who fall into place behind he , make a perfect circle of spear surround the fighter . Zuri raise he hand , ill - at -ease . zuri let the challenge begin ! the warrior clash , both with great skill . m'baku with superior strength . t'challa elude a salvo of swing , then be drive back by the tip of m'baku 's spear against he shield . knock m'baku 's spear free , t'challa be hammered onto he backbut instantly spring up to dodge more attack and counter with twofierce kick . m'baku spit blood and bang he chest . the rest of the jabari warrior respond . t'challa salute the crowd and they respond louder ! m'baku charge at t'challa , knuckle - walk , and slip he assault , t'challa grab m'baku 's spear and cartwheel over it to land another kick . the two continue to battle , blockingand tradingblunt strike , until m'baku deliver a backhand that knock t'challa off he feet near the dora 's spear . with the deadly spear at he back , t'challa block colossal overhead blowswith he shield , then m' baku lean with all he strength try to impale t'challa on the tip . clubbing m'baku to he heel , t'challa rush forward for a aerial attack only to be meet by a vicious kick to the chest , cause he to lose both he shield and spear ! m'baku where be you God , now ?! defenseless , t'challa dodgesspear-sWipes before m'baku corral he into a bear hug and deliver a crushingheadbutt . m'baku laughsthrough he mask . 25 . m'baku ( cont D ) ' no power . no claw . no 's pecia l suit , oh ! just a boy , not fit to lead . ext . seating area , warriorfalls - day from t'challa 's Pov we see ramonda cheer from the sideline . ramonda show he who you be ! ext . challenge pool warrior , fall - day t'challa find strength in ramonda'svoice . he shake off the headbutt , stun m'baku with a savageelbowto free himself . m' baku retaliate , goringt ' challa 's shoulder . t'challa I am prince t'challa so of King N t'chaka !l on shur ! shur ! you can do this t'challa ! back in the challenge pool t'challa wedge m'baku ' 's spear underhis foot and pull m'baku to the pool , flipping he body into a series of leg choke . m'baku fight , but can not escape . t'challa yield ! do not make I kill you . m'baku I would rather die ! t'challa tightens he grip and m'baku begin to fade . t'challa what would the proud jabari do without you ? t'challa tighten further . 26 . t'challa ( cont ' D ) you have fight with honor , now yield ! you people need you . m'baku look up at the jabari warrior . t'challa ( cont 'd ) yield , man ! m' baku grudgingly reach out and tap . t'cha l la let he go and be barely ab l e to stand h i mself as Zuri step forward . the crowd erupt as struggle to catch he breath , t'challa proud l y lift he be m . zuri I now present to you , King t'challa the Black panther !! t'challa Zuri . zuri my King . drum begin to play and people start to dance . t'challa and nakia stare into each other 's eye amidst the celebration as .·. t'challa wakanda forever !! the arena echoes the phrase emphatically . ext . CITY of the dead - dusk we move in on the hal l of king . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - dusk zuri , wear ceremonial face paint , mix a heart shape herb concoction and pour it into t'challa 's mouth as he lie in a dirt plot in the middle of the room . zuri allow the heart shape herb to restore the power of the Black panther and take you to the ancestral plane . 27 . t'challa close he eye . zuri ( cont 'd ) t'chaka , we call on you . corne here to you son . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - flashback we see youngt'challa and youngt'chaka smile at each other . int . UNITED nation build - flashback we see image of t'challa and t'chaka from CA : CW . Father put a hand to he son ' 's face lovingly . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - dusk t'challa , eye close , struggle with the memory as he slip into the ancestral plane . zuri darnaku . the child begin bury t'challa in the red sand . int . UNITED nation build - flashback the explosion from CA : CW kill t'chaka , and we see t'challa crawl towards he , then cradling he in he arm . ext . UNITED nation - flashback t'challa put on he father 's ring . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - dusk zuri be the last thing t'challa see as he face be bury . ext . blackpantherancestralplane - unknown t'challa come out of the dirt . there be star above . he 's in a vast grassland somewhere in wakanda with wondrous acacia tree . it 's surreal and beautiful . 28 . a massive acacia tree stand in front of he . t'challa see several yellow eye look at he and realize panthersare rest on the branch of the tree . t'challa approach . a large panther jump down , then stand on two foot to reveal it 's t'chaka . t'challa lo ok at he father and immediately pull he into a hug . t'challa Baba ! t'chaka ( in xhosa ) my son . t'challa kneel down before he father , overcome with grief . t'challa I be sorry . t'chaka stand up ! you be a King . t'challa rise , and they begin to walk . t'chaka ( cont 'd ) ( in xhosa ) what be wrong my son ? t'challa ( in xhosa ) I be not ready , Baba . t'chaka ( in xhosa ) have you not prepare to be King you whole life ? have you not train and study , be by my side ? t'challa that be not what I be talk about . I be not ready to be without you . t'chaka a man who have not prepare he child for he own death have fail as a father . ( beat ) have I ever fail you ? 29 . t'challa never . ( beat ) tell I how to best protect wakanda . I want to be a great King , Baba . just like you . t'chaka you be go to struggle . so you need to surround yourself with people you trust . you be a good man with a good heart . and it 's hard for a good man to be King . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - dusk t'challa be aggressively pull from the dirt by Zuri . zuri breathe , t'challa . breathe ! t'challa breathes in deeply , cough up dirt . his battle wound have heal . t'challa he be there ! he be there . my father . ext . step town , goldencity - day a bustling futuristic metropolis . T ' challa and nakia stroll side by side . four doramilaje shadow they from a distance . t'challa corne home , nakia . nakia I be right here . t'challa stay . nakia I come to support you , and to honor you father . but I can not stay . it 's just ... ! find my call out there . I have see too many in need just to turn a blind eye . I can not be happy here know that there 's people out there who have nothing . t'challa think on this . 30 . t'challa what would you have wakanda do about it ? nakia think for a bit . nakia share what we have . we could provide aid and access to technology and refuge to that who need it ... other country do it , we do it better . t' challa we be not like this other country , nakia . if the world find out what we truly be , and what we possess -- we could lose we way of life . nakia wakanda be strong enough to help other and protect ourselves at the same time . nakia give t'challa a look . t'challa if you be not so stubborn you would make such a great queen . nakia I would make a great queen because I be so stubborn . t' challa ah ! so you admit it ! nakia . .· if that 's what I want ! ext . wakandan borderregion - day we trackpast several border tribesman in a field , feed and water they pet horse and goat . finally we come upon . . . w' kabi feed m20 , he massive pet rhino by hand . t'challa stand beside he . t'challa be that he ? glory to bast , man , be he still grow ? 31 . w'kabi laugh . w'kabi of course . w'kabi ( cont 'd ) I see nakia be back ... you guy go to work it out ? t'challa shake he head and cross in front of w'kabi . w'kabi ( cont 'd ) t'challa , what 's wrong ? t'challa nakia think we should be do more . w'kabi more like what ? t'challa foreign aid ... refugee program . w'kabi shake he head . w'kabi you let refugee in , they bring they problem with they . and then wakanda be like everywhere else . t'challa think on this . w'kabi ( cont 'd ) now , if you say you want I and my man to go out there and clean up the world , then I would be all for it . t'challa but wage war on other country have never be we way . then , both of they kimoyo bead buzz . t' challa ( cont 'd ) you too , huh ? w' kabi bast , be we in trouble ? they bead combine to project a display of okoye . 32 . okoye ( display ) my King . my love . you will never guess who just pop up on we radar . int . tribal councilroom - day ornate chamber overlook the Golden City . at the top of a a golden pyramid , t' challa , w'kabi , ramonda and elder from each tribe except the jabari sit in a circle as okoye brief they . w' kabi and ramonda flank t'challa 's throne . okoye a misidentify wakandan artifact be steal yesterday from a british museum . we have learn Ulysses klaue plan to sell the vibraniurn to a american buyer in South Korea tomorrow night . there be audible murmur at the name of Ulysses klaue . t'challa klaue have escape we pursuit for almost 30 year . not capture he be perhaps my father 's great regret . I wish to bring klaue back here to stand trial . merchant tribe elder wakanda do not need a warrior right now . we need a King . w'kabi my parent be kill when he attack . not a day go by when I do not think about what klaue take from we , from I . okoye it 's too great a opportunity to pass . w'kabi take I with you . we will take he down together side by side , eh ? t'challa I need you here protect the border . 33 . w'kabi then I ask , you kill he where he stand , or you bring he back to we . t'challa you have my word I will bring he back . ( beat ) we will proceed with the mission . ramonda look on , irresolute . ext / int . mt. bashenga , top of the hill - day the great mound . where a meteorite hit , create a cliff - face on one side and a large hill on the other . a dragonflyer land outside the wakandan design group . int . wakandan design group hallway , mt . bashenga day , - t'challa walk with four dora , include ayo . the dora stop outside shuri 's Lab . as t'challa push inside , shuri approach and bow she head . shur ! ( mocking ) my , King . t'challa stop it . stop it . shuri laugh and they do a special handshake before walk down the spiral walkway into she sprawling , futuristic lab . int . shuri be lab , wakandan design group - moment later nexus of technology . shuri stroll with t'challa by work table of high - tech weapon and gadget . shur ! I have already send a car ahead to busan for you . ( beat ) who be you take with you to Korea ? 34 . t'challa okoye . and nakia as well . shuri make a face at nakia . shuri you sure it 's a good idea to take you e x on a mission ? t'challa yes . we will be fine . ( beat ) besides , you will be on call , should we need backup . shuri smile at this and point out smal l communication device . shuri I have great thing to show you , brother . here be you communication device for Korea . unlimite range , also equip with audio surveillance system . she walk he over to another table with wdgdisk on they . shuri ( cont 'd ) check this out . remote access kimoyo bead . update to interface directly with my sand table . curious , t'chal l a notice a pair of sleek shoe . t'challa and what be this ? shuri the real question be what be that ? why do you have you toe out in my lab ? shuri point at t'challa 's traditional sandal . t'challa smile . t'challa what , you do not like my royal sandal ? I want to go old school for my first day . shuri ( roll she eye ) yea I bet the elder love that . try they on . 35 . t'challa put he foot into the shoe , and they lace up instantly , form a perfect fit . shuri ( cont 'd ) fully automated , like the old american movie Baba use to watch . and I make they completely sound absorbent . t'challa stomp he foot down without a sound . t'challa interesting ·.· shuri guess what I can l l they . t'challa think on this . shuri ( cont 'd ) sneaker ... t'challa look at she blankly . shuri ( cont 'd ) because you .. . never mind . shuri walk t'challa over to two mannequin . one wear t'challa 's currentsuit . the other , just a panther tooth necklace . shuri ( cont 'd ) if you be go to take on klaue you will need the best the Design Group have to offer . shuri point at t'challa 's current suit . shuri ( cont 'd ) exhibit A. Old tech . t'challa Old ... ? Functional , but old . eh , people be shoot at I .. . wait let I put on my helmet . . . t'challa smile , amused . t'challa ( cont 'd ) enough .. . 36 . shur ! ( point to the necklace ) now look at this . t'challa spot a gaudiergoldtoothnecklace . she notice . shur ! ( cont 'd ) do you like that one ? t'challa tempt . but the idea be to not be notice . this one . shuri use she kimoyo bead to sync the suit to t'challa . shur ! ( point at the necklace ) now tell it to go on . t'challa do , and without warning , million of vibranium lace nanite spill from the necklace and form a new black panthersuit around the mannequin . shur ! ( cont 'd ) oooh ! ! the entire suit sit within the tooth of the necklace . Strike it . t'challa anywhere ? shur ! mhm . t'challa turn to the mannequin in a relaxed fight stance . shuri nod and t' challa spin kick the shit out of the mannequin ! shur ! ( cont 'd ) not that hard , genius ! t'challa you tell I to strike it , you do not say how hard . shuri pick the mannequin back up and drag it over to the same spot . shur ! I invite you to my lab , and you just kick thing around . 37 . t'challa well maybe you should make it a little stronger , eh ? shuri shrug as we see wakandan script build into the suit glowing indigo where the impact of t'challa 's foot land . t'challa look closely at the glow script . t'challa ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . shuri the nanite absorb the kinetic energy and hold it in place for redistribu t ion . t'challa very nice . shuri now strike it again , in the same spot . t'challa back up for a kick . shuri press record on she kimoyo . t'challa see this and look at she suspiciously . t'challa you be recording ? shur ! for research purpose . .. t'challa load up then boom he kick the indigo spot and ! go fly back across the room , crashinginto a tab full le of shuri 's gadget . shuri crack up . t'challa delete that footage ... ext . busancity skyline - night we move over the beautiful sky l ine . ext . jagalchi fish market night - a lexus sedandrive through the market and pull into a parking stall next to several expensive look lu xury car . T ' challa , okoye and nakia climb out of the sedan dress to kill . a wig cover okoye 's tattooe head . 38 . na. kia this way . okoye bast willing this go quickly , and I can get this ridiculous thing off my head . na. kia it look nice . just whip it back and forth . okoye what ? it 's a disgrace . looky - loos stare as nakia lead they to a elderlywoman ( Korean ) , se will ing fish i n front of a al l ey . nakia greet she in perfect Korean . na.kia ( subtitle ) ( in korean ) hello Sophia , good to see you . nakia smile , but the elderly woman do not smile back . elderlywoman ( subtitle ) ( in korean ) who be this two ? na.kia ( subtitle ) ( in korean ) my friend from kenya . very deep pocket . they be good . elderlywoman ( subtitle ) ( in korean ) good for trouble , like you ? a awkward pause , then she smile . a large korean tough , wear a black suit emerge from the alley , and motion for the wakandan to follow he into .. na.kia ( subtitle ) ( in korean ) thank you . int . anteroom night - a small dark room with a a back doorwith a Korean character on it and twomorekoreangoonsguarding each side . they eye we heroes closely . as they step through a large metal detectorand be wanded down . 39 . the door open and they pass into · . . int . underground casino balcony night , - they walk out onto the upper balcony of a buzzing , high - class casino . there be a few gamingtable on the balcony level and a bustling pit down below . t' challa spread out . the buyer be likely already here . okoye head for the balcony vantage point while t'challa and nakia go down to the first floor . t'challa ( cont 'd ) the woman outside -- what trouble be she refer to ? she play along , allure . nakia ah , I get into a disagreement with some ivory trader . make a bit of a mess . t' challa and will there be any trouble tonight , Ms. kenyan heiress ? nakia depend on how quickly we finish the mission ... okoye ( o . S . ) ( interrupting ) can we please focus . t'challa and nakia split up . t'challa head for the pit and nakia walk over to the bar . on okoye okoye ( cont 'd ) thank you . int . first floor , blackjacktable - night nakia slip into a seat at the bar and look around clocking the room . 40 . nakia ( in korean ) over here . one whiskey , please . nakia ( cont 'd ) eye up . Americans . I count ... three . we see nakia 's Pov as she make out three CIA agentson the first floor , spread out under the balcony . okoye ( o.s. ) five . how could you miss " grease lightn " there behind you . stand over the balcony look , okoye spot twomorecia agent , both with greasy hair . a elegant waitress carry a tray of drink to a crap table where we find t'challa . the woman place the drink down as t'challa peer across the gambling pit at someone he recognize and start that way . t'challa ( into comm ) six . just spot a old friend who work for the CIA . it just get a little more complicated . t'challa step up to another crowded crap table next to everettross , the sixth CIA agent he spot . t'challa ( cont 'd ) agent Ross . ross you highness . Ross play it cool . t'challa you be buy from klaue ... ross what I be do or not do on behalf of the US government be of none of you concern . now , whatever the hell you be up to , do I a favor and stay out of my way . t'challa I give you Zemo . 41 . ross and do not I keep it under wrap that the King of a third world country run around in a bulletproof cat suit . I ' d say we be even . Ross place a pass bet . t'challa dump a stack of chip on do not pass . all of the shooter's friend blow on the dice . ross ( cont 'd ) you really need to leave , now . they watch the dice roll . they land on 3 . the dea l er take away Ross ' bet , and slide t'challa 's massive payout over to he . t' challa klaue be leave out that door with I . you have be warn . t'challa walk toward another crap table , leave the pile of chip behind ( money mean nothing to he ) . ross ( to the empty chair ) hey , you win . Ross scratch he brow as a thirsty gambler ( Stan Lee ) who be sit next to t'challa grab they . Ross eye the thirsty gambler who shrug . thirsty gambler you know what , I think I will just take this , bring them over here and hold on for safe keep . he slide they all onto the don't pass bet and Ross walk off in search of t'challa . ross ( into comm ) ok head up , the King of wakanda be here . he can not leave with klaue . t'challa stand at a roulettetable when Ross walk up to he . 42 . ross ( cont 'd ) alright , vibranium from the attack on sokovia link back to a person that I be not actually say I be here to make a deal with but that deal will not be call off . when the dust settles you and I can work something out . t'challa I be not here to make a deal . Ross roll he eye . ext . jagalchi fish market night - severalblack 4runnerspull up in for be ont of the Korean W oman and a platoon of EIGHT south african toughsdressed i n suit hop out of the truck protect klaue . klaue wink at the Korean woman as he wal ks past she . she smi l es back and nod to the toughbehind she . int . anteroom night - klaue and he man walk through the metal detector , and every single one of themlight it up . the toughswatch as they go throug h. int . underground casino balcony night - klaue and he eight man entourage confidently stream inside the casino , spread out across the ba l cony , gain every va ntage poin t . on ross and t'challa at a stalemate . then .. . nakia ( o. S . ) klaue plus 8 ! Ross look to the entrance and immediately move away from t'challa . t'challa watch Ross approach a third crap table . t'c halla turn he back to avoid be see . t' challa General . 43 . okoye ( o . S . ) in position to secure we exit . t'challa and the vibranium . on nakia who change position from the bar to the crap table where t'challa be initially stand . nakia I do not see it yet . on okoye as twoof klaue toughspost ' up on either side of she on the balcony . she trie 's to play it cool as they look around at the patron 's uspiciously . okoye I thoug ht there be no weapon allo wed in here . nakia ( o. S . ) there 's not suppose to be . okoye someone do not get the memo . definitely armed . on klaue klaue spot Ross and smile as he head down the stair flanke by a couple of he tough . I not . first floor crap table - night , Ross keep he cool as kl aue approach . ross well that be quite the entourage . you get a mixtape come out ? klaue cut Ross a look . klaue yeah ! yeah , actually there be one . shock , Ross be unsure if kl aue be serious . 44 . klaue ( cont 'd ) yea I will send you the soundcloud link if you like . klaue turn to one of he goons . klaue ( cont 'd ) aye , Dave . get he the link to the tape . the southafrican toughreach into he pocket for he phone . ross please do not make I listen to you music . I just mean , you get a lot of people with yo u . klaue oh , you think they be for you ? klaue laugh at this . klaue ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I can do a deal with you all by myself , thank you very much . he rub Ross on the shoulder , hard , and for way too long . as several more southafrican toughscome pour out of the VIP lounge . nakia ( o. S . ) six more , it ' 's a set up . klaue you get the diamond ? klaue be still rub Ross ' shoulder . ross ok , that 's enough . a CIA agentwalks a fancyslim briefcase towards Ross . on nakia nakia we need to move on klaue . on t'challa 45 . t'challa stand down . we can not afford a shoot - out . backin the pit Ross eye klaue as the CIA agent bring he the briefcase . ross the vibranium ? klaue look around , and reach into he pants and pull out a wrinkle , sweaty paper bag , with " fragile " write on it with a sharpie . Ross look at the bag . klaue I be go to buy a fancy suitcase , but I think I would save myself some money . on nakia nakia it 's now or never . nakia continue towards the CIA agent . on okoye okoye ( in xhosa ) stand down ! a South African tough hear she , and turn towards she . on okoye southafrican tough hey . okoye pretend she do not hear he . southafrican tough ( cont 'd ) hey ! okoye ( into comm ) ( in xhosa ) I have be make . 46 . okoye start for the stair when another toughmove to cut she off . okoye slow down and the toughtrail behind she reach out to grab she hand and turn she around . as soon as the goon touch okoye , she twist he into a arm - bar throw she purse at the othertoughand extend she , spear , stabbing the othertoughin the foot . she then throw she wig into the armbar tough 's face , and hurl he over the railing . downstair the arm - bar tough crashesdown onto a game table behind klaue and startle patron , scramble in every direction . klaue spin toward the commotion as ... klaue look back to Ross and spot t'challa . produce a handgun from he waist , klaue open fire on Ross and the CIA agent . Ross use the slim suitcase as a shield as he duck down below the crap table and . . . t'challa leap to action , kicking and flipping the table on its edge to block gunfire from klaue 's other tough . with bullet fly everywhere ... panickedpeople run for they life . it 's chaos . surrounded by tough klaue retreat , for the stair . klaue get the diamond , quick ! everyone of klaue' toughsunload , raining shell on the overturn crap table with Ross and t'challa behind it . the tough move in only to have t'challa leap from the table , stay low to footsweep one onto he back . t'challa kick he back then disarm another toughand kick he into the bar . t'challa then spin and kick the next toughover the roulette table and through the bar railing . nakia grab a goon in a armtwist try to relieve he of he gun . she take off one shoe and knock out another approach gun . swing the arm twisted goon to the floor , knock he out , take he gun and shoot up towards the balcony where okoye be fight . on okoye okoye battle twotoughswith she full - length spear , drop both with proficiency . 47 . she kick the gun away from one , fight another with she spear , then kick a toughover the rail . okoye jump down to the casino floor and stab a goon on she way down , tuck and roll . okoye take out a toughwith she spear . nakia flip a tough over she back . t'challa send a toughand table fly . beat down two more tough , he turn for more . t'challa spot klaue near the entrance and break away from the fight , leap half wayup onto a column , bound off to the upper balcony int . underground casino , balcony night - t'challa land 10 foot behind klaue . t'challa ( in xhosa ) murderer ! klaue stop and turn around to face t'challa . he try to fire he gun but discover he ' 's out of ammo . klaue smile , drop he gun and put he hand up -- as klaue' prosthetic left armsuddenly split open , revealing itself to be a sonic disrupter ! klaue you know , you look just like you old man . t'challa snatch up a rolling changecart table just as klaue fire the blaster at he . boooom ! a colossalsonic blast hit the cart , !! blow it to piece and send t'challa flying through the upper balcony railing back down into the pit . with money floating in the air , t'challa land hard . klaue ( cont 'd ) I make it rain ! on nakia and okoye nakia and okoye make they way to the top of the stair as . . · ext . jagalchi fish market night - klaue and four toughsexit with nakia and okoye give chase . 48 . klaue that be awesome ! that be awesome ! let 's go ! go , go , come on ! klaue jump in the first of four idling 4runners . the convoy instantly skid away as ... nakia and okoye emerge . okoye throw a emp bead from she pocket and it land on a park lexus lc . nakia do we just leave he ? okoye he will catch up . nakia start the car and okoye climb in . t'challa sprint out of casino . t'challa shuri ! int . shuri be lab , wakandan design group - night shuri stand in front of a rectangular vibraniumcasing that lower . the sand inside formsinto the Lexus lc 's cockpit . griot ( o. S . ) remote drive system activate . shuri ( excite ) yes yes yes ! wait ... which side of the road be it ? we see a three - dimensional hologram view from inside the Lexus lc 's cockpit appear as shuri climb in . t'challa ( o. S . ) for bast sake just drive !!! shuri okay okay , calm down brother ! ext . jagalchi fish market night - panthersprint after the car as nanite scramble fromhis necklace , coveringhis entire body , forminghis newmaskover he face . . . Black panther . 49 . panther continue run as the lexus pull up behind he , at the last second he single - leg flip and land on the hood of the Lexus lc , digging he handand boot claw into the hood as it screamsoff . I /e. lexus lc / shuri's cockpit - night shuri wool let 's go ! int . klaue' 4 runner , busan street - night klaue turn to the driver . klaue put some music on ! what do you think this be a funeral ? ext . busan street - night the 4runnerscross through one intersection at speed , then make a hard right at the next intersection . nakia remain on they as at the far end of the street we see panther' lexus lc join the chase . the convoy make a right at a " T " and race down a twolane STREET toward a split in the road . ext . busanroadsplit - night the first ( klaue ) and third 4runnerscontinue on the two lane street with nakia S lexus sedanon they ' tail . nakia which one be he in now ? not . klaue' 4 runner busan street - night , klaue pick up he radio . klaue ( into radio ) hey , split up ! i/e . nakia' lexus sedan split STREET - night okoye they be try to lose we . 50 . na. kia we will take the right . ext . busanroadsplit - night while the secondand fourthsuv skid leave down a single lane roadfollowed closely by ... I /e. lexus lc / shuri's cockpit - night a skilled driver , shuri shift gear , darting leave , in behind the truck with panther anchore atop . shuri we will take the other two ! I see a short cut . ext . washiro ( yeongdogu ) panther' hill - night , with the lexus lc close in , the secondand fourth4runners make a right turn , drop down a steep hill . panther chase the suv 's off the hill . the lead suv collide with a car in crossing traffic . i/e . lexus lc / shuri's cockpit - night shuri we be not go to make it ! ext . washiro ( yeongdogu ) , panther' hill - night t'challa keep go in g ! panther use he claw to make a sharp turn and avoid the wreck . i/e . lexus lc / shuri's cockpit - night shuri wool brother ! ext . washiro ( yeongdogu ) , panther' hill - night panther catch up with the rear suv he take fire and leap , on the roof of the suv panther rip the suv roof open . . 51 . the scared driver leap out of the car , cause the suv to collide with park car , " sidewinder ' ' . shuri run over the escape driver on accident . i/e . lexus lc / shuri's cockpit - night shuri hey , what be that ! ? ext . washiro ( yeongdogu ) panther' hill - night , t'challa do not worry about it . you be do great . panther leap back onto the hood of the Lexus and they speed off . I /e . klaue' 4 runner spear STREET - night , klaue look back as nakia close in . the driver for l oor it as a gunman the in third suv open fire on nakia 's Lexus . the bullet carom off the hood . i/e . nakia' lexus sedan spear STREET - night , nakia and okoye ... unfaze by the gunfire . okoye gun . so primitive . I /e . klaue' 4 runner , spear STREET - night klaue bark into he comm . klaue ( into radio ) it ' 's a vibranium car you idiot !! bullet will not penetrate !! i/e . nakia' lexus sedan spear STREET - night , okoye slide out the passenger window and climb onto the roof , stabbing she short spear into the top of the vehicle as a handle , she dress blow in the wind . nakia what be you do ? 52 . okoye just drive . nakia eesh . nakia drop back and weave through traffic as okoye , engage she spear mechanism , then steady herself and let 's she long spear fly , launching the weapon like a javelin . I /e. third 4 runner , spear STREET - night the spear rocket through the rear and front window the of truck , spiking the ground and bring the suv to a stop with the force of a head on collision ! I /e. nakia '$ lexus sedan spear STREET - night , nakia wool I /e . klaue' 4 runner , spear STREET - night klaue oh shoot . ext . yeongdogu , entrance diamond to bridge - night the secondand fourthsuv $ tear from the hill onto the diamond bridge with panther 's Lexus right behind they . close in , panther take heavygunfire . i/e . lexus lc / shuri's cockpit , diamondbridge - night speed through busy bridge traffic , panther surf the roof of the bullet riddle lc . shuri ( o.s. ) hey , look at you suit ! you ' have be take bullet charge it up with kinetic energy ! panther look down at the glowingglyphs of kinetic energy build into he suit as ... t'challa pull around the truck . 53. ext . diamondbridge - night the lc accelerate ahead , close in on the secondsuv , but just as panther be about to look inside , a pass tractor - trailer blockshis view . the 4 runner lose sight of panther as he leap to the trailer , bound across the top of the big rig separate the Lexus and the 4runner . i/e . second4 runner , diamondbridge - night klaue ' 's gunman search furiously for panther as the Le xus lc suddenly cut in front of they , without panther on to p . driver where would he go ! ? then out of nowhere , pantherlandshardon the hood of the suv . look inside , panther do not see klaue and launch off the 4 runner , distribute the kinetic energy from he suit with immenseconcussiveforce , cause both trucksto crash and flip down the bridge . I /e. lexus lc / shuri's cockpit , diamondbridge - night shuri swerve the Lexus , skillfully catch panther on the roof again as ... shuri you show off . ext . deongseo whoop , STREET - night nakia 's Lexus sedan trail klaue 's 4runner . · . both go airborne over hilltop . I /e. nakia' lexus sedan whoop , STREET - night nakia there he be ! hold tight ! i/e . klaue' 4 runner , whoopstreet - night as the suv catch air over a rise in the road , klaue slide he body out of the truck . 54 . klaue right , let 's have some fun . sitting on the windowsill , klaue aim he sonic disrupter . I /e. nakia' lexus sedan , whoopstreet - night nakia be lock in and okoye prepare to throw she spear again but they suddenly lose sight of klaue as the Lexus hit the rise . ext . deongseo whoop , STREET - night ahead , klaue 's 4 runner launch off a second , steeper rise . i/e . nakia' lexus sedan whoop , STREET - night nakia lose sight of klaue again as ... i/e . klaue' 4 runner whoop , STREET - night the suv landshardon the downside of the hill . klaue , still at speed , steady he disrupter and as nakia' lexus appear in mid - AIR over the rise , he fire . i/e . nakia' lexus sedan - night klaue 'ssonic shot hit the Lexus sedan head on and it , piece by piece to its stud . . . sendingnakia dismantle and okoyeflying . on okoye as she twist through the air , she foot remain plant on a shred piece of the car ' roof . she l and on she foot , speed -skate to a stop . on nakia nakia skid up next to okoye on the driver 's seat , still buckle in . ext . deongseo whoop , STREET - night Ross pull up in a suburban and stop in front of nakia and okoye . 55 . ross hop in . put that spear in the trunk . ext . centumcity bridge - night t'challa faster , shuri . int . shuri be lab , wakandan design group - night track kla ue ' 's suv shuri , drive in the sand cockpit . shuri I ' m go as fast as I can ! ext . centumcity bridge - night we see klaue 4runnerrace across the centum City ' Bridge ... the diamond Bridge can be see in the background . ext . gwangalli road cheetahstreet - night , klaue be back inside the suv as it weave through traffic . then , we spot a rapidly close lexus lc with pantheron the roof . i/e . klaue' 4 runner gwangalliroad cheetah STREET - night , , klaue turn to he driver . klaue take a right , take a right ! ext . gwangalli road cheetahstreet - night , klaue ' 's 4 runner and panther 's lc make leave turn , book down a short road , then make quick rights . ext . haeundae district - night the 4 runner barrel along a brightly light twolane roadwith the Lexus lc chase . 56 . i/e . klaue' 4 runner haeundae , district - night unnerve see panther close in , klaue slide he body back out to the suv 's windowsill as he driver make a sharp right onto a wider ave nue . I /e. lexus lc / shuri's cockpit haeundae , district - night determined , shuri round the turn , focus . the digital dash show 115 mph and climb . but , hang out of the truck , kla ue fire a massive sonic blast that shuri can not evade . shur ! no no no no no no no !! and ... hit . .. t he lex lc suddenly US goe to pi ece .. . whole part and panell to a million fragment . int . shuri be lab , wakandadesign group - night shuri ' 's driver seat explodesinto a trillion grain of sand and she hit the floor . shur ! brother ! ext . haeundae district - night but panther launch ... himself out of the disassemblingcar to ward a build and in of you stride a l ong the side of the structure , he leap off at klaue 4 runner ' . i/e . klaue 4 runner haeundae ' , district - night klaue 's driver spot pantherflying at themand try to swerve , but panther latchesto the side of the suv and dig in with he claw . panther grabsthe rim of the front tire and stop the wheel dead in its track ! the lug nut shear off from the force and panther discard the tire , cause the truck 's nose to crashdown , skid across the street with SPARKS flying . panther roll clear as the 4runnerhits the curb , flip over to its roof and slide to a stop in the middle of a busy outdoor cafe as its patronsscramble . 57 . ext . haeu ndae district - night with the suv upside - down and customer look on , panther approach to find klaue struggle to climb out of he window . t'challa klaue 11 klaue slowly get to he foot and try to level he disrupter but run up , panther evade the blast and be only nic ked on the shoulder . panther grab klaue 's arm , clawinginto the sonic disrupter and completely pull it off . t'challa ( cont 'd ) do you think we would forget !? klaue laugh . t'challa ( cont 'd ) look at I murderer ! where do you get this weapon ? klaue you savage didn ' t deserve it . t'challa grab he by the throat and slam he into the suv . klaue ( cont D ) ' oh , mercy ! King , mercy ! seethe , panther expose he claw prepare to strike . t' challa every breath you take be mercy from I . okoye ( 0 . S . ) ( in xhosa ) king / t'challa turn to find okoye and nakia get out of Ross ' suburban . nakia ( subtitle ) ( in xhosa ) the world watch . the pier have crowded with korean recordi they on no cellphone as siren can be hear in the distance . 58 . ross come on guy , let 's go huh ? t'challa eye around . he have little choice and nod . ext . travelagency , southkorea - day fast-pace , loud and dirty . int . travelagencylobby , southkorea - day southkorean employees busily work at desk . nakia be among they , watch the pass car . Guard duty . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , Agents and CIA analyst move about . on the table sit klaue be prosthetic weapon and the vibraniumsitting atop the paper bag . int . interrogationroom , travelagency , southkorea - day klaue , strapped to a chair , make face at the two way glass . klaue hello ! I can see you ! I can , I can see you . int . blacksite office , travelagency , southkorea - day ross so , this be a big mess , huh ? I figure we can go good cop bad cop . I will talk to he first , then you guy go in -- okoye turn to t'challa . okoye ( subtitle ) ( in xhosa ) we can not let he talk to klaue alone . t'challa ( in xhosa ) better to let he talk to klaue alone for 5 minute than to make a scene here . 59 . t'challa turn to Ross . t'challa ( cont 'd ) after you question , we will to take he back to wakanda with we . Ross stare at t'challa for a beat . ross what ? no. look I like you , a lot . but he 's in my custody now . he 's not go anywhere . listen , I be do you a favor by let you even be in here . Ross reach out and touch t'challa . okoye step in . okoye ( subtitle ) ( in xhosa ) if he touch you again , I be go to impale he to this desk . Ross look at okoye , sense the thinly veile threat . he look to t'challa . ross do she speak English ? okoye when she want to . Ross and okoye eye each other for a long beat . ross I be go in . and when I be do , you guy be up . t'challa -- agent Ross . ross yea . t'challa put he hand on Ross 's shoulder . t'challa I do appreciate you help in busan . ross you see that ? it 's call diplomacy . you be welcome . Ross walk through the door , close it behind he . 60 . t'challa okoye ! play nice . okoye eh , Americans ... int . interrogation room travelagency southkorea - day , , strapped to he chair , klaue sing . klaue you know , you really shouldn ' t trust the wakandan . I be much more you speed . ross I do not trust anybody , not in this job . but what I be interested in be that arm cannon out there . where would you get that ? klaue it 's a old mining tool that I make some adjustment to . but I can get you one if you would like . ross why do not you give I the name of you supplier and I will ask they . klaue he 's right outside , why do not you ask he yourself ? ross t' challa ? you be tell I that weapon on you arm be from wakanda ? klaue nod . klaue bingo . klaue ( cont 'd ) what do you actually know about wakanda ? ross shepherd . textiles . cool outfit . Ross stop as we notice a micro audio bug on he shoulder that t'challa plant before he enter the room . 61 . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , t'challa and okoye secretly listen to klaue 's interrogation . int . interrogation room , travelagency , southkorea - day klaue it 's all a front . explorer searched for it for century . El dorado : the Golden City . they think they could find it in South America , but it be in Africa the whole time . a technological marvel . all because it be build on a mound of the most valuable metal know to man- isipho - they call it . the gift . vibranium ... ross vibranium yea . strongest metal on Earth . klaue it 's not just a metal ... they sew it into they clothes , it power they city , they tech , they weapon ... ross weapon ? klaue oh yes . make my arm cannon look like a leaf blower . ross that 's a nice fairy tale but wakanda be a third world country and you steal all they vibranium . klaue ( laughing ) I steal all of it ? klaue can barely contain himself . klaue ( cont 'd ) all of it ? I take a tiny piece of it . they have a mountain full of it . they have be mining it for thousand of year and still have not scratch the surface . ( more ) 62 . klaue ( cont 'd ) I be the only outsider who 's see it , and get out of there alive . ( beat ) if you do not believe I you ask you friend what he suit be make of ... what he claw be make of ... Ross look back at the two way glass , then head towards the door . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , ross exit the interrogation room and approach t'challa and okoye . i/e . paint truck back alley southkorea - day , , lirnbani drive wi th Linda in the passe nger seat . attach to the dashboard be a gps trackingtablet device with a blink beacon ( klaue 's prosthetic ) inside the travel agency . we also see everyone 's heat signature include , klaue seat alone . int . travelagencylobby southkorea - day , through the front window nakia watch , a paint truckpass the building that do not seem right . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , Ross study t'challa . ross you father to l d the UN that klaue steal all the vibraniurn you have . but now he 's tell I you have more ? t'challa and you believe the word of a arm dealer , strapped to a chair . Ross hesitates , but doesn ' t bite . i/e . paint truck , backalley southkorea - day , the truck pull to a stop at the rear of the building . 63 . killmonger emerge from the back of the truck with a assault rifle with a grenade launcherattachment . int . travelagencylobby , southkorea - day on a computer monitor , we see security camerafeed from outside the black site . nakia wander past the desk , eyeing over a travel agency employee 's ( CIA agent ) shoulder and freeze . security camera feed the alley be empty , but there be a visible glitch in the footage . nakia ( in korean ) where be that ? CIA agent ( in korean ) back there . he point in the direction of the interrogation room . i/e . paint truck , backalley , southkorea - day killmonger slip on the african maskfrom the british Museum , then carry a daisy - chain of explosive toward the building . he set the chargesagainst the outer wall of klaue ' 's room and fearlessly lean against the structure next to the charge , he hold a detonator in he hand as Linda and limbani lean against the wall next to he . int . black site office , travelagency southkorea - day , ross how much more be you hide ? then suddenly . . . nakia slamsthrough the door . CIA agent draw they weapon . nakia be unfaze . nakia ( in xhosa ) something 's happen out back . ext . rear of travelagency , southkorea - day then ... boom ! the chargesblow . carve ·. a hole in the wall . 64 . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , startle . .. they all break for the interrogation room but . · . int . interrogation room , travelagency southkorea - day , killmonger suddenly spin inside , lay down cover fire , riddling the doorway with bullet and shatteringthe two - way glass . int . blacksite office , travelagency , southkorea - day besieged with automatic gunfire , everybody ducksdown . on instinct , Ross shove nakia to the floor , take a round to the back , save she while . .. t'challa 's suit formsand he shield a CIA agent . okoye dive clear of the doorway and the other agent scramble out into the travel agency for cover . int . interrogation room , travelagency southkorea - day , Linda and lirnbani grabklauecarry he entire chair with he still strapped to it as ... edging back toward the breach , killmonger throw a live grenade through the shattered two - way window into the black site office . int . blacksite office , travelagency southkorea - day , panther instantly dive on the grenade and it explode , do no damage to he or the room , but light up he entire suit . panther bound back to he foot to give chase as ... I /e. rear of travelagency southkorea - day , klaue cackle maniacally be load into the paint truck by Linda and lirnbani . klaue I see you take you time do not you ! killmonger continue to FIRE as lirnbani and Linda hop in and begin to pull off . 65 . walk backward after the truck , killmonger swing the rpg up to he shoulder as panther emerge . the truck turn out of the alley as killmonger aim . panther charge at killmonger and he fire ! take the rockethead on , panther be engulfedin the massive impact and blow backward . panther 's suit be light to the max with kinetic energy as he labor back to he foot , he spot the ring dangle around killmonger 's neck on he gold chain . ( it ' 's identical to the ring t'challa inherite from t'chaka in CA : CW ) . . okoye ( o . S . ) ( in xhosa ) my King ! panther turn to find okoye . okoye ( cont 'd ) ( in xhosa ) my King ... nakia . int . blacksite office , travelagency , southkorea - day panther and okoye enter discover agent and nakia hover around Ross on the floor . the receptionist ( also a agent ) apply pressure to he gunshot wound as a malecia agent check he pulse . shaken , nakia look to panther . nakia he just jump in front of I . gravely wounded , Ross be barely conscious . nakia ( cont 'd ) I do not think he will make it here , it hit he spine . t'challa give I a kimoyo bead . t'challa look at nakia and motion towards she kimoyo bead . she pull one off and hand it to he . t'challa insert it into Ross ' wound . t'challa ( cont 'd ) this will stabilize he for now . t'challa ( cont 'd ) give he to we . we can save he . 66 . the agent stare at panther and he glow high - tech suit . int . command cabin , royaltalonfighter - day okoye be at the helm with nakia stand next to she . neither can believe Ross be on board . further back in the aircraft , we find Ross ' unconscious body . t'challa loom nearby , lose in think . okoye we mission be to bring back klaue . we fail . this man be a foreign intelligence operative . how do we justify bring he into we border ? nakia he take a bullet for I . okoye that be he choice . t'challa stiffen . okoye have go a little too far . torn , nakia stare off , think about the nigerian woman they do not bring back to wakanda and she culpability in Ross ' injury . nakia so now we be just suppose to let he die ? okoye let we consider that we heal he . it be he duty to report back to he country . and as King , it be you duty to protect ours . t'challa I be well aware of my duty , General . I can not just let he die know we can save he . okoye ( chagrined ) where exactly be we take he ? 67 . int . wakandan design group hallwaymt . bashenga late , , - afternoon shuri covertly l ead t'challa , okoye and nakia inside , carry Ross ' 's body on a maglev stretcher . she turn to t'challa . shuri great , another break white boy for we to fi x . this be go to be fun . t' challa cut shuri a look . int . shur be lab , W I akanda design group - late after noon ros 's be place on a table surround by futuri 's tic medical equipment . as shuri work on he . shuri he will live . the security alarm on shuri 's kimoyo bead goe off . shuri ( cont 'd ) w'kabi be here . shuri , nakia and okoye quickly hide . t'challa hurry up the ramp . hope for good news , w' kabi approach t'challa . w'kabi what ' 's go on , brother ? where be klaue ? t'challa he 's not here . t'challa 's eye lower regretfully . t'challa ( CO not 'd ) he slip through we hand . w' kabi slipped ? for 30 year you father be in power and do nothing . with you I think it would be different . but it 's more of the same . deeply disappointed , w' kabi can not muster word . he look at t'challa and wal ks out . 68 . I /e. abandoned airfield / garage , southkorea - evening a airplane graveyard . the paint truck pull to a stop on the airstrip . killmonger , klaue , limbani and Linda hop out , and hump they gear to a four seater escape plane park on the - airstrip . limbani let 's get go , boss . killmonger you always sell to the CIA ? klaue I sell to the high bidder . Don ' t you worry when I get back to jo - burg and lay low for a bit , I ' will make sure both you guy get pay . killmonger oh I be not worried about the money , bro . I know you be good for it . klaue smile . killmonger ( cont 'd ) on we way back , just drop we of in wakanda . klaue you do not wanna go there , boy . killmonger yea I do . killmonger suddenly draw a handgun and shootslimbani dead . reacting to the shot , klaue crowd Linda with a skilled grapplingmoveand snatch she gun away before she can fire on he . killmonger find klaue hold Linda 's gun to she head , use she as he shield . klaue ( stumped ) Drop it , or you little bonnie and clyde routine end today . put you gun down now ! linda I be sorry . I be sorry , Erik . 69 . killmonger it 's gonna be ok . killmonger fire without hesitation . the bullet travel through Linda , ki lli no she while klaue dive behind the plane , wounded the shoulder in from the round . killmonger move to finish klaue but he 's go . follow klaue 's blood trail , killmonger stalk klaue through the scrapyard . klaue fire at killmonger , miss . killmonger stop and turn , ducking between plane . killmonger spot klaue through the glass of a cockpit window and fire . snipe through the window with precision , klaue fall , lose Linda 's gun . ki l lmonger approach and klaue roll to he back to face he . klaue ... y- you really wanna go to wakanda ? they be savage . klaue show he brandedneck . klaue ( cont 'd ) this be what they do to people like we . killmonger I be not worried about no brand . check this out . killmonger roll up he sleeve , uncover severalafrican scarification markson he forearm . killmonger ( cont 'd ) each one be for a kill . klaue you can sca be yourself as much as you like . to they , you will just be a outsider . you be crazy to think that you could walk in there . killmonger flip the inside of he bottom lip , revealing a glow wakandan tattoo . klaue can not believe he eye . klaue ( cont 'd ) and to think I see you as some crazy be erican . 70 . klaue start laugh , hard . killmonger aim and pull the trigger at point blank range . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night t'challa enter to find Zuri tend to the garden . he look around to the other shaman . T ' challa leave we . they immediately head out . zuri turn to t'challa . zuri so you mission do not go as plan . t'challa what happen to my uncle n'jobu ? my father tell I he disappear ... there be a man today wear a ring identical to this one . Zuri turn back and t'challa lift he hand , show he vibraniumring from CA : CW . zuri turn away uncomfortable . zuri that be not possible . t' challa he help klaue escape from we and he be wear this ring . my grandfather ' 's ring . do not tell I what be possible tell I the truth . zuri some truth be too much to bear , t'challa . t'challa that be not you choice to make . what happen to he ? zuri I promise the King to say nothing . t'challa I be you King now ! Zuri look up . 71 . zuri you uncle take a War Dog assignment in America . you father place I there to observe unbeknownst to he . you uncle fall in love with a american woman . they have a child . the hardship he see there radicalize you uncle . int . n'jobu's apartment night - flashback - n'jobu make he plea to young t'chaka , pick up where we leave off in the oakland sequence . n'jobu I observe for as long as I could ! they leader have be assassinate , community flood with drug and weapon , they be overly police and incarcerate . all over the planet we people suffer because they do not have the tool to fight back . with vibranium weapon they could overthrow every country and wakanda could rule they all , the right way . . . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night zuri he know you father would not support this , so you uncle betrayed we . t'challa no . ·. zuri he help klaue steal the vibranium . t'challa no no no no no no . . . int . n'jobu's apartment night - flashback - Young t'chaka turn to n'jobu . 72 . young t'chaka you will return home at once , where you will face the council and inform they of you crime . n'jobu reach into he waistband and pull a handgun , aiming it at James / Young Zuri 's head , freezing he . zuri ( 0 . S . ) he draw he weapon on I Young t'chaka pop he claw . he quickly spring forward , digging he clawsinto the slide and destroy it , before he can pull the trigger . he then bury he clawsinto n'jobu 's chest , kill he instantly . he let n'jobu 's body drop to the floor , and close he eye . zuri ( cont 'd ) you father kill he own brother . .. int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night zuri to save my life . int . n'jobu's apartment night - flashback - Young Zuri look at Young t'chaka with tear welling up in he eye . youngt'chaka speak nothing of this . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night t'challa and the child ... zuri we leave he . ext . lake merritt apartment complex , oakland night - - flashback one of the young kid play basketball , who be now reveal to be young killmonger stand look up at the sky where the mysterious light flicker . 73. int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night zuri we have to maintain the lie . gut , t'challa can not reconcile what he 's just hear . he turn he back on Zuri . ext . wakandan borderregion mountain , plain - morning dragging a largebag , killmonger approach . in the distance , we see the four-seater plane . w'kabi approach as killmonger drop the bag . w'kabi what be this ? killmonger just a ' lil gift . killmonger open he bag , revealing klaue' corpse w'kabi 's . eye widen , and he man draw they sword . w'kabi ( subtitle ) ( xhosa ) who be you ? int . shuri be lab , wakanda design group - morning Ross suddenly open he eye and reach for he gunshot wound find it astonishingly almost fully heal . shuri tinker with the circuitry of a pair of massive clawe vibraniumgauntlets across the room as Ross sit up . ross alright , where be I ? startle , shuri spin . shuri do not scare I like that , colonizer . ross colon - who ? my name be Everett . shuri yes , I know . Everett Ross former airforce pilot and now , CIA . 74 . ross right . groggy , Ross gaze around at the completely unique technology . ross ( cont 'd ) ok , be this wakanda ? shur ! ( still working ) no , it ' 's Kansas . ross ... how long ago be Korea ? shur ! yesterday . ross I do not think so . bullet wound do not just magically heal overnight . shur ! they do here . but not by magic , by technology . ( beat ) do not touch anything . my brother will return soon . leery , shuri watch Ross wander about out of the corner of she eye . he walk over to the observation deck and gaze in awe at the expose glowing rock inside of the vibranium mine . suddenly a automate mining cart whip between light panel , float above a rail . ross this train thing ... that 's magnetic levitation , right ? shur ! obviously . ross obviously ... but I have never see it this efficient . the light panel , what be they ? shur ! sonic stabilizer . 75 . ross sonic what ? shur ! in it 's raw form , vibranium be too dangerous to be transport at that speed , so I develop a way to temporarily deactivate it . ross ( in disbelief ) there 's vibranium on that train ? shuri there be vibranium all around we . that 's how I heal you . Ross try to process this as a 3d projection of okoye unexpectedly form . okoye '$ projection where be t'challa ? his kimoyo bead have be switch off . Ross , amaze , try to touch the sand projection . shur ! well we be not join at the hip , okoye . okoye '$ projection a man show up at the border who claim to have kill klaue . shur ! what ? okoye '$ projection w'kabi be transport he as we speak to the pa l ace . we need to find you brother . shur ! a outsider ? okoye '$ projection no , a wakandan . a image of killmonger from the border appear on shuri 's monitor . then . . . Ross slowly walk into sight , stare at the screen . 76 . ross he 's not a wakandan . he 's one of ours . ext . wakandan countryside morning - t'challa and nakia gaze out off the side of a beautiful overlook . t' challa he kill he own brother ... and leave a child behind with nothing . what kind of King · . . what kind of man do that ? nakia no man be perfect . not even you father . t'challa he didn ' t even give he a proper burial ... my uncle n'jobu betrayed we , but my father may have create something even worse . nakia hey . look at I . you can not let you father ' 's mistake define who you be . you get to decide what kind of King you be go to be . they share a look as t'c ha l la 's kimoyo bead buzz . shuri's projection brother , you need to get here now . t' chall a and nakia look at each othe respect int . shuri be lab , wakandadesign group - day t'cha l la , shuri and nakia listen as Ross brief they on killmonger . a bodyscan imageof killmonger be on shuri 's monitor . ross Eric Stevens . graduate annapolis age 19 . MIT for grad school . join the seal and go to Afghanistan where he rack up confirm kill like it be a video game . they he killmonger . he start calling join a jsoc ghost unit . ( more ) 77 . ross ( cont ' D ) now this guy be serious . they will drop off the grid so they can commit assassination and take down government . t'challa do he reveal anything about he identity ? shuri he have a War Dog tattoo but we have no record of he . t' challa and shuri share a look . int . tribal councilroom - day t'challa sit on he throne surround by the tribal elder , ramonda , shuri , okoye , and the dora . river tribe elder be this man wakandan or not ? mining tribe elder ( in xhosa ) tell we what be go on . killmonger be escort in by w'kabi . W ' kabi tensely step next to t'challa as killmonger take he place before the circle . t'challa ( in xhosa ) speak . W kabi ' ( translate for killmonger ) speak . killmonger I be stand in you house . serve justice to a man who steal you vibranium and murder you people . justice you King could not deliver . t'challa walk close enough to killmonger to be able to whisper to he . 78 . t'challa I do not care that you bring klaue , the only reason I do not kill you where you stand be because I know who you be ... now what do you want ? killmon ger I want the throne . the entire room scoff at this . some elder even hold they head back and laugh . mining tribe elder ( in xhosa ) my goodness . killmonger y'all sittin ' up here comfortable . must feel good . there 's about 2 billion people all over the world that look like we but they life be a lot harder , wakanda have the tool to liberate they all . t'challa and what tool be that ? killmonger vibranium . you weapon . t'challa we we weapon will not be use to wage war on the world . it be not we way to be judge jury and executioner for people who be not we own . killmonger not you own ? but do not life start here , on this continent ? so ain ' t all people you people ? t'challa I be not King of all people . I be King of wakanda . and it be my responsibility to make sure we people be safe and that vibranium do not fall into the hand of a person like you . the elder murmur at killmonger 's disrespect . they wait to see how t'challa will respond . then , ramonda suddenly speak . 79 . ramonda Son , we have entertained this charlatan for too long . reject he request . killmonger eye the elder with a amused grin . killmon ger oh , I be not request nothing ! ask who I be ? shuri you be Eric Stevens . a american black operative . a mercenary nickname killmonger . that 's who you be . killmonger ( laughing ) that 's not my name , princess . ask I , King ? t'challa no . killmon ger ask I . t'challa take he away . river tribe elder ( in xhosa ) who be you ? killmonger ( xhosa ) I be n'jadaka , son of Prince n'jobu . a hush fa l ls over the room . the tribal elder know n'jobu . this change everything . mining tribe elder ( in xhosa ) the son of n'jobu ? killmonger I find my daddy with panther claw in he chest . you be not the son of a King you be the son of a murderer ! 80 . ramonda ( in xhosa ) you ' be lie ! ( in english ) lies . w'kabi I be afraid not Queen mother . w'kabi produce killmonger 's gold necklaceand ring . holding it up for everyone to see . mining tribe elder ( in xhosa ) the descendant of n'jobu . killmonger hey auntie . killmonger ( cont 'd ) I be exercise my blood right to challenge for the mantle of King and Black panther . utter silence as all eye turn to t'challa . t'challa desperately want to refuse but know that be not possible . ramonda do not do this t'challa . bordertribe elder as the son of n'jobu he be within he rights . ramonda he have no rights here . river tribe elder the challenge would take week to prepare . killmonger week ? I do not need week . the whole country be not gotta be there I just need he ... and somebody to get I out of this chain . ramonda t'challa , what do you know of this ? t'challa I accept you challenge . w'kabi look at t'challa closely . 81 . ext . warriorfalls , challenge pool - late afternoon t'challa and killmonger stand opposite one another . killmonger snap off a spear ' 's shaft with he foot and hold a sword go with the spearhead . to the tribal elder , w'kabi , and the dora look on from they respective place . shuri watch with ramonda , but the stand be entirely empty . on shuri and ramonda shuri he will never beat t' challa . he should have just come to t he first challenge and get it over with . ramonda look concerned . she ' 's not so sure . ext . warriorfalls , challenge pool - late afternoon Zuri bring t'challa the deathherb and he repeat the process , poisoning t'challa while killmonger stare on silently . zuri the King will now have the strength of the Black pa nther stripped away . stare t'challa down , killmonger suddenly turn to Zuri . they recognize each other . Zuri look away ashamed . in the seating area nakia arrive through a tunnel and wal ks up to okoye , who turn to she . okoye where be agent Ross ? nakia I lock he in the office . he 's not go anywhere . in the challenge pool t' challa hold he short spear and shield . he stare at he cousin . t'challa this be you last chance , thro with down you weapon and we can handle this another way . 82 . killmonger slam he blade into the stone . killmon ger I live my entire life wait for this moment . I train , I lie , I kill , just to get here . he take off he vest and tear at he shirt , revealing the scarification marksthat go up he arm and across he entire back . they number in the hundred . killmonger ( cont 'd ) I kill in America , Afghanistan , Iraq . I take life from my own brother and sister right here on the continent . and all this death , just so I can kill you . t'challa look to Zuri and nod . zuri ( reluctant ) let the challenge begin . killmonger tear forward with expert knife work and t'challa with skilled defense . t'challa parry several strike , counter with a leg take - down but hesitates with he sword and do not strike as they roll toward the edge of the waterfall . back on they foot , they circle , and killmonger lunge at t'challa who dodge . t'challa manage to knock killmonger off he foot , gain the advantage . t' challa yield ! killrnonger ferociously bob inside , but t'challa lunge at killrnonger , give he a superficial slash across he cheek . fuele by rage , killmonger begin to overpower t'challa . he slice t'challa ' 's thigh . on shuri shuri snap out of it t'challa ! in the challenge pool wield both blade , killmonger slashes deep across t'challa 's stomach , then spin , cutting deep into he bicep . 83 . hurt , t'challa realize he compassion be a mistake and he must fight back but blood leak from he side . killmonger dodge t'challa ' 's next attack . stumble , t'challa be unable to avoid killmonger 's blade be thrust into he rib . the elder gasp as ramonda look away and shuri just stare . ext . warriorfalls , challenge pool - late afternoon killmonger snatch the knife out . t'challa can barely stand . killmonger punch he . on nakia nakia get up . in the challenge pool he continue to puncht'challa repeatedlyuntil he topple over . killmonger this be for my father . killmonger walk swiftly toward t'challa to deliver he deathblow .. . only to have a guilt- ride Zuri stop he with he spear knock he blade away . , t'challa Zuri , no . in the stand okoye Zuri . ramonda Zuri don ' t ! in the challenge pool zuri I be the cause of you father 's death . not he . take I . regroup , killrnonger grab Zuri 's spear . t'challa labor to get up but can not . 84 . killmonger I will take you both , uncle James ... killmonger skewer Zuri with he spear . killmonger drive the spear in further and grabbingthe blade with both hand in death , Zuri fall with it to the shallow water as t'challa watch in utter torment . t'challa nol Zuri no ! Zuri !! noo ! fuele by rage , t'challa lift back up to he foot . he charge killmonger , who duck he attack , while talk to the audience . killmonger be this you King ? huh ? t'challa swing he spear , killmonger duck . killmonger ( cont 'd ) be this you King ? the Black panther , who 's suppose to lead you into the future . on shuri , nakia okoyeand ayo , shur ! come on brother ! nakia look on , try to hide she tear with okoye and ayo . ayo be there nothing that can be do ? in the challenge pool killmonger him ? he 's suppose to protect you . killmonger duck another attack from t'challa and scoops he onto he shoulder . ext . warriorfalls , challenge pool - late afternoon killmonger walk to the edge of the challenge pool . on nakia and ramonda ramonda no . 85 . na. kia no ! in the challenge pool killmonger heave t'challa off the waterfall . stagger , everyone watch t'challa disappear belowto he death . ramonda scream . killmonger Nah . I be you King . on na. kia nakia shuttle shuri and ramonda into the cave while okoye stay behind . na. kia we have to go now ! Queen mother , let 's go ! in the challenge pool stagger , the new shaman give he the panther necklace . everyone slowly salute killmonger . int . tribal council room - night the room seem empty until we come upon okoye grieve alone . after a moment , the door open and okoye quickly wipe she eye . pull it together , she stand as nakia approach . the two woman silently take each other in , share in they sorrow . okoye the Queen mother and shuri ... they be safe ? nakia nod . na. kia yes . okoye ( in xhosa ) thank you . na. kia we should get to they immediately . 86 . okoye ( in xhosa ) cannot . . . I nakia what ... okoye though my heart be with you . nakia we can not turn over we nation to a man who show up here only hour ago . okoye he be of royal blood . nakia he kill T ' challa . okoye in ritual combat . nakia do that really matter ? okoye quiet . nakia ( cont 'd ) you be the great warrior wakanda have . help I overthrow he before he become too strong . okoye stare at nakia in disbelief . okoye overthrow ? ! nakia , I be not a spy who can come and go as they so choose . I be loyal to the throne , no matter who sit upon it . what be you loyal to ? nakia I love he . I love my country too . okoye then you serve you country . nakia no . I save my country . nakia take off . 87 . int . t'challa's office , royalpalace - night Ross walk around the office , admire mask on the wall . he look around as the door unlock to nakia , hold several blanket . Ross realize something be wrong . ross what 's wrong ? nakia toss the blanket to Ross . nakia the King be dead . come with I , unless you want to join he . Ross 's heart sink as . . . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night killmonger enter and a shaman guide he to a dirt plot where they begin to bury he . ext . CITY of the deadjungle outskirt - night shuri and ramonda , wrap in blanket as a disguise , sit on a log surround by a thicket of tree . grief stricken , they hold each other closely . shur ! first Baba , and now my brother . mama we do not , even get to bury he . ramonda do not have a answer . the woman hear a rustle in the tree , ramonda move to protect shuri , hold one of nakia' ringbladesas nakia and Ross emerge from the foliage . ramonda eye Ross . nakia it 's I . ramonda nakia . who be this man ? nakia he 's a friend of T ' challa 's he save my life . ramonda study Ross , then look to nakia . 88 . ramonda where be okoye ? nakia okoye be not corn . she and dora milaje will serve the new King . ( beat ) wait here . ramonda what have happen to we wakanda ? nakia turn and head into a even thicker batchof foliage . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night a shaman scoops water into the heart shape herb ceremonial vessel and grind it . killrnonger open he mouth and she pour the solution in as he eye slowly close . shaman allow the heart shape herb to give you the power of the Black panther and take you to the ancestral plane . ext . lake merritt , oakland night - flashback - we see the kid gaze up as a aircraft with strangelights rise into the sky and speed off . Young killrnonger run into the apartment complex . int . n'jobu's apartment night - flashback - young killmonger enter to find n'jobu 's dead body on the floor . he run over to he dad , cradling he in he arm , sobbing . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night they scoop dirt on top of killrnonger 's face . 89 . int . n'jobu's apartment night - adult killmonger enter he childhood apartment and see the place where he father die . he walk over to the wallhide and dig out a metalstash BOX . he break open the box and inside find n'jobu's journal , cash and a pistol . open the diary , he find detail of wakandan history and life , include drawing . he find he father 's ring on a necklace and put it on . then , killmonger look up and n'jobu be sit across from he alive . n'jobu what do I tell you about go into my thing ? ( playful smile ) what do you find ? killmonger be now replace by he young self . youngkillmonger you home . n'jobu I give you a key hope that you might see it someday . wakandan Young killmonger flip down he lip , touch he tattoo . n'jobu ( cont 'd ) yes . the sunset there be the most beautiful in the world . but I fear you still may not be welcome . youngkillmonger why ? n'jobu they will say you be lose . youngkillmonger but , I be right here . doesn ' t have a answer for this . n'jobu n'jobu no tear for I ? 90 . youngkillmonger ( cold ) everybody die . it 's just life around here . n'jobu 's gaze darken with regret . n'jobu well look at what I have do . I should have take you back long ago . Young killmonger have now be replace by adult killmonger , who shed a tear . n'jobu ( cont 'd ) instead , we be both abandon here . killmonger well maybe you home be the one that 's lose . that 's why they can not find we . n'jobu stare at he son , heartbroken . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night killmonger 's eye open - a new man . powerful . and ready to conquer the world . he gasp for air . as he climb to he foot encircle by kingsguard and shaman . shaman breathe , my King . breathe ! int . catacombscity of the dead - night , nakia drop through a hole into the warren of tunnel , emerge in the ... int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night reveling in the power of the heart shape herb , killmonger walk toward a dirt plot fill with the heart shapedherb . the shaman trail behind he . killmonger the heart shape herb do that ? the shaman nod . 91 . killmonger ( cont 'd ) this be all of it ? shaman yes . so when it come time for another King , we will be ready . killmonger another King .. . yea go ahead and burn all that . alarm , the shaman do not move , hope killmonger do not mean it ... but he do . shaman my King , we cannot do that . it be we tradition -- killmonger smile , the n quick l y grab the shaman by the throat . killmonger when I tell you to do something , I mean that shit . burn it all ! he let she go as she gasp for air . Shell - shocked , the shaman move into action . on nakia nakia dig out a flawless heart shape herb and in a instant dart back for the catacomb , glance back at killmonger from the shadow . int . hall of king , CITY of the dead - night kil l monger stand in front of the dirt plot as the herb garden be engulf in flamesaround he . int . tribal council room - day every elder , the border tribe military leader , include w'kabi , the kingsguard leader , okoye , and the dora prepare for a council meeting . killmonger stroll in , wear the new gold panther necklace . 92 . killmonger you know , where I be from , when black folk start revolution , they never have the firepower or resource to fight they oppressor . where be wakanda ? hmm ? yea all that end today . we get spy embed in every nation on Earth . already in place . killmonger stand and walk look each of they in the eye . killmonger ( cont 'd ) I know how colonizer think . so we be gonna use they own strategy against they . we ' be gonna send vibranium weapon out to we War dog . they will arm oppress people all over the world , so they can finally rise up and kill that in power , and they child and anyone else who take they side . it ' 's time they know the truth about we . we be warrior . the world 's gonna start over and this time we be on top . killmonger sit . killmonger ( cont 'd ) the sun will never set on the wakandan Empire . okoye look to w'kabi . okoye wakanda have survive for so long by fight when only absolutely necessary . w'kabi wakanda have survive in the past this way , yes . but the world be change , General . elder , it be get smaller . the outside world be catch up and soon it will be the conqueror , or the conquer . I would rather be the former . killmonger you hear you order . let 's get to it . w'kabi salute while okoye look on . 93 . ext . jabarilandoutskirts , wakandan mountain morning - nakia lead shuri , ramonda and Ross through the bitter wind and harsh condition . ross so where be we go again ? nakia we be take the heart shape herb to jabariland . ross heart shape herb , what be that ? shuri it give whoever take it heighten ability . nakia it 's what make t'challa so strong . ramonda stop in she track . ramonda nakia . I do not like this . the herb belong to we . we may be create a bigger monster with m'baku . ( beat ) nakia , you should take it yourself . nakia I be a spy with no army . I would not stand a chance . ramonda we will go . they keep walk . suddenly , they be surround by member of the jabari army . nakia stay calm . int . m'bakus throneroom jabariland - night , m'baku stare down from he throne at nakia , ramonda and shuri . he glower at Ross for a long beat , unnerve everyone , before finally turn to ramonda . ramonda my son be murder in ritual combat . 94 . m'baku be the odd fair ? nakia yes , but . . . m'baku so , it be less a murder than a defeat ? this irk shuri . shuri do not rub we nose in it -- m'baku silence ! I make the pronouncement here , girl . ross look uh , you highness , the new King be a -- m'baku drown out Ross ' voice with loud bark . the surround jabari follow suit . m'baku you can not talk . one more word and I will feed you to my child . Ross look petrify until m'baku wink at ramonda . m'baku ( cont 'd ) I be kid . we be vegetarian . stepping in , nakia pull out the heart shapedherb . nakia great gorilla m'baku . this be why we be here . to offer this to you . a outsider 's i ts on we throne . only you can help we stop he . m'baku consider . his ego stroke . but .. . m'baku come with I . int . jabari healingground hut - night m'baku lead nakia , Ross , ramonda and shuri to jabari healer work on t'challa in a small hut in the sno w. 95 . nakia impossible . ( beat ) be he breathe ? m' baku he be in a coma , barely cling to life . ext . riverbank , jabariland - dawn flashback - one day before a tough weathered jabari fishermanwalks along a frigid river with he yak . m' baku ( V. 0 . ) one of we fisherman find he at the edge of the river border . he bring he to I . the yak pull a wooden sleigh carry t'challa 's body , toward jabariland . int . jabari healing ground hut - night m'baku , ramonda , nakia , Ross , and shuri remain stand over t'challa in the snow . shuri why do you have he in the snow ? ! m' baku it be the only thing keep he from join the ancestor . shuri we need to get he to my lab ! I can heal he there . m'baku take he . he ' will be dead in second . ramonda nakia , the herb . ramonda take the herb from nakia and push past m'baku who look on . ( cont 'd ) ramonda I call upon the ancestor . I call upon bast . I be here with my son t'challa . heal he . we must bury he . 96 . resigned , shuri and nakia watch closely sit down next to she as ramonda perform the ritual on t'challa , pour the solution in he mouth , while praying in xhosa , then scoop the snow atop he body . ramonda ( cont 'd ) ( in xhosa ) praise the ancestor . nakia ( in xhosa ) praise the ancestor . ross ( in xhosa ) praise the ancestor . shuri ( in xhosa ) praise the ancestor . nakia wake up , t'challa . wake up . ext . blackpantherancestralplane - day t'chaka beckon t'challa toward several other black panther and people in the distance . t'chaka ( in xhosa ) my son . he look at he ancestor . t'chaka ( cont 'd ) the time have come for you to come home and be reunite with I . t'challa ( in xhosa ) why ? ( in english ) why do not you bring the boy home ? t'chaka look back at he . t'challa ( cont 'd ) why , Baba ? t' chaka he ... he be the truth I choose to omit . 97 . t'challa you be wrong to abandon he . t'chaka I choose my people . I choose wakanda . we future depend on -- t'challa you be wrong ! all of you be wrong ! to turn you back on the rest of the world . we let the fear of we discovery stop we from do what be right . no more ! I cannot stay here with you . I can not rest while he sit on the throne . he be a monster of we own make . I must take the mantle back , I must . I must right this wrong . t'chaka look at he son , he disappointment give way to a proud smile . int . jabari healingground hut - night t'challa suddenly awaken and be pull from the snow by ramonda unsure where he be . t'challa do you have a blanket ? they embrace . t'challa turn to see nakia and shuri as well . the four of they embrace as m'baku look on . int . m'bakus throneroom jabariland - day , we entire team of heroes : t'challa , nakia , shuri , ramonda , Ross talk . nakia killmonger have the full support of we military . and he burn the garden of the heart shape herb . ross of course he do . the t'challa turn to Ross . ross ( cont 'd ) that 's what he be train to do . his unit use to work with the CIA to destabilize foreign country . ( more ) 98 . ross ( cont D ) ' they would always strike at transition of power ... like a election year or the death of a monarch . you get control of government , the military t'challa we resource . the great mound . shuri we vibranium . all of my design . t' challa he will send we weapon all over the world . t' challa turn to nakia . t'challa ( con t'd ) ( motion to shuri and ramonda ) you must get they out of wakanda safely . ramonda what ? shuri what about you ? t'challa the challenge will have to continue . ramonda t' challa , we will not leave wakanda . t' challa it be my duty to keep you safe . shuri if he get control of we technology , no where will be safe . shuri pull t'challa 's panthertoothnecklacefrom she pocket and place it on he neck . t'challa smile . shuri ( cont 'd ) the Black panther life . and when he fight for the fate of wakanda I will be right there beside he . 99 . nakia as will I . t'challa smile he look to nakia and ramonda who look back at he with confidence . ross I be in too . the wakandan cut Ross a look ross ( cont 'd ) what ? you be gonna need all the help you can get . the wakandan smile at Ross as m'baku interrupt . m'baku be you do ? be you - be you do ? t'challa could you give I and Lord m' baku a moment ? everyone exit and m'baku gaze at t'challa . t'challa ( cont 'd ) thank you . m'baku I owed you a great debt . a life for a life . consider it pay . t'challa please allow my mother to stay here . m'baku no harm wi l l come to she I give you my word . t'challa you know I could use a army as well . m'baku ( laugh ) I bet you could . but no . I will give no jabari life towards you cause . 100 . t'challa it be we cause . it be for all of we . m'baku we ? you be the first King to come here in century . and now you speak of we ? t'challa I can not speak for past king . but a enemy sit on the throne right now . we both know the power of vibraniurn . if killmonger get control of it , who do you think he will come for next ? m'baku sit . m'baku we will not help you . t' challa walk out , leave m'baku to think . int . vibraniummine - downshaft a train car carry cart full of vibranium move across the ground , it then take a turn up the side and up to the surface out to --- ext . mt. bashenga , top of the hill - day where several bordertribe warriorsand kingsguard load the cargo onto the bottom of a talonfighter . the dora milaje keep watch in the distance . killmonger , dress in casual clothes , he gold panther toothe necklace expose . with w'kabi and okoye flanking he , he walk around watch impatiently as cargo be reveal to be be load up onto a entire fleet of wakandan aircraft . w'kabi everything be on schedule . killmonger have the spy be alert ? w'kabi yes . some have be resistant to we new mission . but the W dog ar in London , New York and Hong Kong be stand by . 101 . killmon ger we will strike there first . the other will come around . killmonger pick up a kingsguard spear . killmonger ( cont 'd ) look at this . a handheld sonic cannon powerful enough to stop a tank . untraceable by metal detector , and we get thousand of them . the world 's gonna find out exactly who we be . across from they , a talonfighter take off , load with cargo . killmonger watch , then turn to w'kabi . as they smile the talon fighter explodesin the air above they , startling killmonger , w'kabi , okoye and the remain wakandan . they watch in shock as the debris rain down from the sky . killmonger look closely , try to make something out . ext . mt bashenga top of the hill - day . , killmonger , okoye , and w'kabi line up at the lip of the great mound , surround by hundred of border tribesman they look on with confusion as . . · several hundred yard away , at the foot of the mountain , pantheremergesfromthe wreckage , suit engage in all of he glory . he start walk towards the top of the hill . okoye smile . okoye he life . .. on panther as he walk closer to the lip of the mound and retract he mask . t'challa n'jadakalll ! killmon ger wassup ? t'challa I never yield , and as you can see , I be not dead . 102 . killmonger all that challenge shit be over with . I be the King now . ( turn to kingsguard ) get that plane in the air ! carry out the mission ! t'challa ( into comm ) shuri , now ! shuri ( o. S . ) copy that . int . shuri be lab , hallway , mt . bashenga day - wearing blanket disguise , nakia , Ross and shuri duck around a corner , avoid detection by a group of border tribesman run outside . shuri ( cont 'd ) go ! go go go go go ! come on , Ross ! ext . mt bashenga , top of hill - day killmonger stand with w'kabi at the top of the mound . killmonger w'kabi , kill this clown . okoye w'kabi , the challenge be not complete . bordertribe commander what will we do ? the border tribe soldier look on at t'challa and grow visibly nervous . w'kabi border tribe ! bordertribe ay ! ay 1 w'kabi phambili ! w'kabi pull he sword and triggers the sonic field around it . he point it towards t'challa and the border tribesman line up in a battle formation and charge towards T ' challa . 103 . a dragonflyer take off overhead and lead the charge downhill . okoye turn to killmonger . okoye you ! you heart be so full of hatred you be not fit to be a King . she slam she spear and the dora fall in line behind she as killmonger stare she down . killmonger pull he blade , and activate he panthersuit from he necklace as talon fighter take off in the background . okoye ( cont D ) ' ayo . the King . some of the dora take off down the hill to fight for t'challa . okoye call for the attack . one of the dora jump at killmonger panther follow by another dora . they attack . a third dora jump and side kick killmonger panther . downhill the dragonflyer overtake the border tribesman and begin shoot sonic blast at t'challa , that create a large impact on the ground as he run . the border tribesman continue to run down towards t'challa and fall into a phalanx formation the vibraniumstitching on . they blanket activate and high tech sonic shield emerge from the blanket and build on each other . the shield stretch out and up , make a barrier impossible for panther to pass . panther super jump over the sonic shield as it rise hurdle barely escape it ' 's vertical edge . he land behind the 1st waveof border tribesman , deliver a massive sonic blow that send they fly as well as lift some of the spill spear into the air . panther grab a spear and with expert precision throw it at the Dragon Flyer . the spear explode on impact , send the dragonflyer careen towards the ground right over t'challa 's head . 104 . w'kabi see this and lead the charge of the 2nd waveof border tribesman down towards t'challa , and they engage he swinging they blade wildly and use they shield to corner he . ayo and the dora collide with the 2nd waveof border tribesman , fight they off with precision . engage with the border tribesman , t'challa land a hard blow on w' kabi that send he back through the grass . t'challa w'kabi stop this ! stop this now ! W kabi run on top of a large ' rock to ga i n a vantage point , and pull out a large horn . t' challa ( cont D ) ' noo !! w'kabi blow on the horn . we push in on the dragonflyer wreckageas a rumbling sound , be hear . suddenly armore rhino # 1 crash through the bit of the wreckage wear a red blanket then a second rhino . , armore rhino # 2 , crash through the other side , bigger and faster than the last and wear a white blanket the camera . continue to push in as boom the dragonflyer , be split into two and m20 , w'kabi ' 's personal rhino , emerge right towards camera . the border tribesman lift they sword and cheer as the rhinos run past they . w'kabi hop on , and go right for the pack of dora send , a third of they flying ! int . shuri be lab W , akand design group - day a shuri , nakia , and Ross be now runnin g down the ramp , shuri motion for a sand table throw off they disguise . to rise , reveal i no a not with tech armor rack . she grab the communication device . shur ! nakia and I will get control of the Royal talon with this . ross ok , so what do I do ? shuri slip a kimoyo bead bracelet on Ross ' hand . 105 . shur ! you will have to fly it . ross what ? shur ! you be a great pilot . do not worry , I will guide you through it . it 's just like riding a hoverbike . ross you guy have hoverbike ? shuri raise a sand table . she hurry back to the first table , grab the gauntlet and point out some dora armor . shur ! nakia , take that . nakia I be not a dora . shur ! just put it on , it 's armor ! shuri run up the ramp . nakia begrudgingly grab the dora milaje uniformand run after she . shur ! ( cont 'd ) good luck , agent Ross ! ross yea I don ' t know what I be do -- nakia we be count on you ! ext . mt. bashenga , top of the hill - day okoye jump over and throw she spear at killmonger , it bounce off , okoye catch in stride . she 's on the attack . the dora milaje advance on killmonger , but doramilaje # 1 strike too quick l y , and killmonger use he superior strength and speed to grab she mid-strike , use she as a shield to hold off okoye and the other dora . doramilaje 1 wakanda forever . killmonger then slit she throat with he vibranium sword . okoye , devastate , lead another attack on killmonger . 106 . ext . mt bashenga top of the hill - day . , as nakia and shuri sneak out onto the deck , and plant the kimoyo bead puck on the rtf . int . shuri be lab , wakanda design group - day Ross pace wait for word from shuri or nakia about what to do , when suddenly the sand table drop to the ground , revealing a F - 16 cockpit . griot ( o.s . ) remote piloting system activate . shuri ( o. S. ) I make it american style for you ! get in ! Ross hop in and start up the ship . ext . mt bashenga . landingpad - day the rtf clumsily take off , its thruster blow back two kingsguard pilot . shuri / nakia yes !! shuri ( into cornm ) go ! we can not let that weapon get beyond wakanda . int . shuri be lab , cockpit - day ross alright , I be on it . ext . mt. bashenga top of the hill - day , the rtf start in one direction do au-turn and take off after the other ship . downhill t'challa run full speed next to rhino # 2 swing around its horn and do a takedown maneuver cause the Rhino to fall into the trenchleft by the wing of the talonfighter . t'challa flip out of the trench while the Rhino be trap by the steep incline . ext . mt. bashenga top of the hill - day , 107 . killmonger be surround by okoye and two dora . they continue to back he up with synchronize hit , until they surround he with a triple spear trap around he neck . okoye ( in xhosa ) lock ! get he down ! they tighten they grip around he neck . okoye ( cont 'd ) ( in xhosa ) get the necklace ! but killmonger drop to he knee and expel he suit 's kinetic energy , blow the dora down the hill . nakia take off to ward killmonger . nakia wakanda forever !! he move towards they with rage in he eye . he engage shuri and nakia in battle , nakia hold she own with she advanced ringblade while shuri strafe from the side with she panther gaunt l ets -- shoot killmonger from a distance . int . shuri be lab , cockpit - day Ross fly the rtf over wakanda , and see the group of aircraft in the distance . ross ok shuri , I get them what do I do ? shur ! ( 0 . S . ) shoot they down genius ! ross alright ... Ross place he hand on the fire mechanism . ross ( cont 'd ) here go nothing . a red targetingcursorpops up on the display . Ross react , then guide the cursor over the cargo ship , and fire ! ext . wakandan airspace 108 . the rtf go into battle mode . weapon pop out from open all over the craft in quick succession . the rtf launch a sonic blast that tear through the wing of the first cargo ship . cause it to spiral down into the docking shore below . int . shuri ' S lab , cockpit - day Ross watch as the cargo ship drop . ross alright , I get them . ext . wakandan airspace the dragonflyer pilot see the cargo ship drop and turn back around towards the rtf . three drafongflyers immediately begin fire at the rtf . ross ( cont 'd ) oh shit shit shit . ext . mt. bashenga day - panther tangles with the border tribe , but be suddenly smashed the back by m20 and be send fly through the in air , and into a large rock . ext . mt. bashenga top of the hill - day , killmonger land two hard swiping blow on nakia , slashing she arm and she leg , then throw she down the hill , leave he alone with shuri , who blast aw at killmonger , ay until he suddenly spring at she , grabbingher gauntlet with he clawsand breaksthem ! downhill on the ground , panther be suddenly swarm by border tribesman and pinned down , stab , kick and slashed with blade by the mob . he see killmonger in the distance close in on shuri , and then expel the kinetic energy in he suit and . . . wham ! ! ! t'challa shuri I ! the dog pile be lau nched off through the air ! 109 . on killmonger and shur ! killmon ger what 's up , princess ? shur ! you ' will never be a true King . killmonger ominously edge closer and flip he break spear prepare to go in for the kill when ... shuri ducksa panther tackleskillmonger the back in , send they both plunging down into the mine shaft ! shur ! ( cont 'd ) brother !! int . vibraniummine shaft - day both fall down the massive cavern , panther and killmonger fight on they way down . int . vibraniummine bottom day - panther crash to the bottom of the vibranium mine , wounded . panther roll over and barely dodge a knee drop from killmonger . killmonger and t'challa exchange blow , killmonger get the better of t'challa in he expose area , while t'challa be get nowhere . they both go for a super punch and knock each other back . t'challa land on he back and look up at the sonic stabilizer . he radio to shuri . t'challa shuri ! shur ! ( 0 . S . ) brother ! t'challa turn on the train on the bottom track ! ( 0 . S · ) shur ! but the stabilizer will deactivate you suit ... you will not have protection ! t'challa neither will he . 110 . shuri okay ! ext . mt. bashenga top of the hill - day , shuri activate a button on she kimoyo bead . int . vibraniummine bottom day - in the vibranium mine , down the track from panther and killmonger 's fight , we see a light come on in the train port . as they fight , the panel light up in succession , and we see a silent , maglev train hurdle right at they . both fighter evade the train at the last second as the train whip past , create a barrier between they too big to jump over . t'challa stand up as he suit partially retract into he necklace leave he skin expose . killmonger , on the other side of the train , look at he malfunction suit in confusion . he turn and look back at the stabilizer . killmonger I do not need a suit to kill you . they look at each other from across the blind fast train . killmonger ( cont 'd ) you reign be over . you sit up here safe and protect . t'challa you want to see we become just like the people you hate so much ? divide and conquer the land as they do ? killmonger no I learn from my enemy -- beat they at they own game . t'challa you have become they . you will destroy the world , wakanda include . killmonger the world take away everything away from I ! everything I ever love ! but I be gonna make sure we be even . ( more ) 111 . killmonger ( cont 'd ) I be gonna track down anyone who would even think about be loyal to you , and I be gonna put they ass in the dirt , right next to Zuri . hatred flash over t'challa 's eye as he reengages he mask and the train clear . killmonger engage he mask , and they leap at each other again . ext . mt. bashenga , top of the hill - day shuri move to nakia 's side and help she up . shuri nakia ! be you alright ? nakia I be ok . you ? shuri yes . nakia let 's go . they join the fight with okoye and ayo . int . shuri be lab , cockpit - day Ross begin maneuver the control like a expert pilot . he guide the ship through a canyon , chase the remain cargoship , while fire at the three dragonflyersthat be all attempt to take he down . ross shuri , I have lose one of they but two be on my tail . ext . wakandan canyon the cargo ship hurdle ahead , while the rtf navigate dragonflerblasts and rock outcroppings . int . shuri be lab , wakandan design group the building begin to shake as Ross , confuse . 112 . ross what the hell be that ? griot ( o.s . ) the lab be under attack . ross what ? where ? griot ( o. S. ) deactivate hologram . the display in front of Ross come down , revealing a massive dragonflyer firing sonic blast outside of the window of the lab . Ross jump at the sight of this . realizing he be now sit in a death trap . shuri ( 0 . S . ) Ross ! you have to get out of there now ! ross how long have I get ? griot ( o. S . ) Glass integrity be at 50 % Ross look at the window and think about it for a beat . he re-grip the pilot handle . ross put I back in . shuri ( o.s . ) Ross ! Ross ? ! the ship projection come back up , and Ross continue to fly . ext . mt. bashenga top of the hill - day , as we heroes fight , the border tribesman continue to use they advanced shield to close they off into a impenetrable circle . okoye look around , search for a option for escape through the sea of border tribesman . we find w' kabi in the distance perch atop m20 look back at she . w'kabi surrender now ! you have three second to lay down you weapon ! 113 . okoye look back resolute . w'kabi ( cont 'd ) one ... two . · . the sound of a attack be hear from behind w'kabi . loudchantsseemingly come from every direction as the entire perimeter of the border tribe be show sign of be breach . shuri , okoye , nakia , and ayo look around confuse , as one of the interior shield hold border tribesman be suddenly lift up by he collar , he shield disappear as a result . we tilt up to be evea l m'baku hold he with one hand and SI X jabari warrior behind he . m'baku Witness the might of the jabari firsthand ! m'baku throw the border tribesman into the sonic shield and we go around the horn to see the jabari warrior tear through the border tribe perimeter with they wooden weapon . m'baku , see the break in the interior shield call for he troops to move forward . m'baku ( cont 'd ) abya ! ! ! ! he jump down from the rock follow by he troops . okoye see this and call she troops forward . okoye phambili !!!! okoye lead the woman forward through the gap in the shield . m' baku break through , swinging he knobkerrie to change the tide of the battle . m'baku abya ! ! ! int . vibraniummine bottom day - killmonger and panther continue to brawl . killmonger land a deadly headbutt and a oncoming train knock they both to opposite side of the track . as the train pass , killmonger pick up the knife that fall into the mine along with they ... 114 . ext . wakandan airspace - day the rtf do battle with the dragonflyers , use the sonic blaster to shoot down two of they , but take significant damage . Ross have a clear line of sight to the last talon fighter . griot ( o. S. ) Glass integrity be at 15 % . the two remain dragonflyer shoot vibranium drill into the hobble rtf , slow it down and allow the talon fighter to pull away . the drill send a electronic pulse into the rtf . griot ( o.s . ) ( cont 'd ) critical weapon failure . ross shuril the last cargo ship be almost at the border , but they have get I trap with some kind of cable . shuri ( o. S . ) make a X with you arm ! confused , Ross cross he fist in front of he . griot ( o. S . ) sonic overload initiate . shuri ( o. S. ) now break it ! Ross swing he arm open . ext . wakandan airspace - day the rtf light charge up to the max and emit a powerful explosion of sonic energy - decimate the cable along with the dragonflyer they be attach to . the rtf light go dead , and the massive ship begin to drop out of the sky , fall end over end towards the ground below . giot ( o. S . ) system reboot in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ... the rtf fall closer and closer to the ground . a bead of sweat drip off of Ross ' temple . 115 . griot ( o.s. ) l . .. system reboot ! ext . wakandan borderregion - day the rtf light come back on , and the sonic emitter at the bottom of the ship kick back into full capacity , cause the rtf to stop on a dime , hover 12 foot from the ground . the sheer force from the sonic emission crack the ground leave a cymatic signature . int . shuri be lab , cockpit - day Ross punch it - head straight for the last cargo ship . ext . wakandan airspace - day the cargo ship make it over the last mountain of the wakandan border and activate the cloaking technology . the rtf gun in the air at a 45 degree angle and bam it , explode as it collide with cargoship , deactivate its cloaking mode , cause piece of the rtf and the cargoship to rain down over the wakandan border . int . shuri be lab - cockpit - day Ross 's cockpit disintegrate back into a pile of sand . Ross drop into it . ross yes ! we do it ! shur ! great ! now get out of there ! Ross get up and head towards the ramp in the lab , as the glass blow out . ext . mt bashenga top of the hill - day . , m'baku , surround by border tribesman be hold up while w'kabi atop m20 come charge straight at he , give he nowhere to go , but at the last second , okoye step in front of m'baku , stare m20 down who gallop towards she , and stop at the very last second , he horn inch from okoye 's face , m20 lick she face lovingly . 116 . w'kabi dismount and approach okoye slowly . okoye point she spear at he . okoye Drop you weapon . w'kabi would you kill I , my love ? okoye for wakanda ? ( she draw she weapon ) without question . w'kabi see the fire in okoye 's eye . he look around at the battlefie l d where the remain border tribesman be surrender to the jabari and dora . w'kabi look at okoye for long beat , then throw he sword into the dirt and kneel in front of she . int . vibraniummine bottom day - killmonger slashes at t' challa with the spear , back t' challa up towards the lip of the track . as the train come speed towards they , both they suit retract , and t'challa hold killmonger off as killmonger push the blade of the spear towards he face . killmon ger this be it for you , cousin . t'challa turn towards the train and see that it be about to end . he let killmonger swing towards he and dodge , back up even closer to the edge of the track , and killmonger swing again - but this time t'challa punch killmonger 's arm , jarring the blade lose and send it fly up into the air . t'challa then do a rolling armbar takedown the as broken spear flip through the air . we track with the spear as the sonic stabilization field turn off , and the train pass the two fighter . as the brokenspear drop t'challa catch it with he right hand and slam it into killmonger 's chest , just as both they suit form around they . killmonger remove he helmet , then look down at the blade that be bury in he chest . t'challa , realize this be it , remove he mask as well . 117 . killmonger ( cont 'd ) Hell of a move . killmonger struggle to breathe . killmonger ( cont 'd ) my pop say wakanda be the most beautiful thing he would ever see . he promise he be go to show it to I some day . can you believe that ? kid from oakland run around believe in fairy tale . killmonger wince from the pain . t'challa stand and pick killmonger up , drag he to he foot . int . vibraniummine elevator - day t'challa support killmonger as both man ride a vibranium lift towards the mouth of the mine . ext . mt. bashenga sunset - t'challa stand at the top of the great mound next to killmonger who be kneel . watch the sun creep down behind the horizon . killmonger it 's beautiful . t'challa think for a long beat . t'challa maybe we can still heal you . killmonger think on this . killmonger why ? so you can just lock I up ? Nah . just bury I in the ocean , with my ancestor that jump from the ship . . . ' cause they know death be better than bondage . killmonger pull the knife out of he chest , kill himself instantly . t'challa look down at he cousin 's now lifeless body and become emotional . int . tribal councilroom - day in full royal regalia , t'challa stroll in with confidence . 118 . shuri , ramonda , the dora , include okoye , ayo and all of the elder , even m'baku , be present . ext . step town , goldencity - morning t'challa and nakia stand together . t'challa thank you . you save I . you save my family . we nation . nakia there be nothing to thank I for . it be we duty to . .. it be my duty to fight for what I love . I should have -- t'challa kiss she . t'challa you can not blame I I almost die . nakia look at he deeply , and kiss he back . t'challa ( cont 'd ) stay . I think I know a way you can still fulfill you call . please stay . nakia look at t' challa with curious eye . she kiss he . ext . lake merritt apartment complex , oakland - ay D t'challa and shuri , dress in subtle clothing , look at the now abandon apartment building . in the distance a group of six kide ( mostly Black , some latino ) , play three on a rugge basketball hoop . shuri when you say you would take I to California for the first time , I think you mean coachella , or disneyland . why here ? t'challa this be where we father kill we uncle . shuri look at t'challa , shocked by he bluntness . she turn and stare closely at the building . we see she Pov of large signage that hint that the building be soon to be demolish . 119 . shuri they be tear it down . good . t'challa they be not tear it down . . . I buy this building . shuri turn to he confuse . t' challa ( cont 'd ) and that building , and that one over there ... this will be the first wakandan International outreach Center . shuri smile at the surprise . t'challa ( cont 'd ) nakia will oversee the social outreach ... and you will spearhead the science and information exchange . shuri turn to t'challa in shock at what this mean . shuri you be kid ! t'challa hit a button on he kimoyo bead , and the rtf come out of cloaking , revealing itself to have be park behind the kid play basketball . a young blackkid turn back to see the ship as the other kid collectively lose they shit . oakland kid # 1 what ? ! man what the hell be that ? oaklandkid # 2 that 's like a buggati space ship ! oaklandkid # 3 woah , it come out of nowhere !!! do y'all see that ? youngblack kid what . .. they start to run up to the ship and touch it . unsure at first . oaklandkid # 1 ( o.s. ) we can take this back to the house y'all . .. 120 . oakland kid # 2 ( o. S. ) we could pull up to school in this ! oakland kid # 3 ( o. S . ) hey look , we can break it apart and we can sell it ! oakland kid # 2 ( o. S . ) on Ebay ! oakland kid # 3 everybody get like a million a piece . she start off towards the kid , walk past the Young Black kid . shur ! ( 0 . S . ) uhhh I would not do that if I be you guy ... oakland kid # 1 ( o.s . ) where you come from ? shur ! ( 0 . S . ) from wakanda . oakland kid # 1 ( o. S . ) what be a wakanda ? the Young Black kid approach t'challa . youngblackkid hey yo ! be this yours ? young blackkid ( cont 'd ) who ... who be you ? t'challa think on this and smile . CUT to title : blackpanther tag 1 int . UNITED nation assemblybuilding , rotunda day - t'challa walk , flanke by nakia , okoye and ayo . 121 . int . UNITED nation assemblybuilding - day several assembly member move around the room prepare for a meeting . suddenly a hush fall over the hall as the wakandan enter and walk up to the center pit . t'challa my name be King t'challa , son of King t'chaka . I be the sovereign ruler of the Nation of wakanda and for the first time in we history we will be share we knowledge and resource with the outside world . wakanda will no longer watch from the shadow . we cannot , we must not . we will work to be a example of how we as brother and sister on this Earth should treat each other . now more than ever , illusion of division threaten we very e x istence . we all know the truth : more connect we than separate we . in time of crisis , the wise build bridge , while the foolish build barrier . we must find a way to look after one another , as if we be one single tribe . the audience of world leader look around , bemuse , wonder what wakanda could possibly have to offer . a frenchambassador can not help but lean into he microphone . frenchambassador with all due respect , King t'challa , what can a nation of farmer offer to the rest of the world ? there be a few chuckle from the gallery . nakia , okoye and ayo share a look . t'challa smile . tag 2 int . wakandan medicine hut - day open on three necropolitan child with painted face loom directly over something , stare with curiosity . 122 . the camera move , startling the child who quickly flee the hut . ext . wakandan medicine hut - continuous the kid race out of the hut and over to shuri . shuri be you play around with that man again ? wakandan child no. nol shuri you be teasing he again ? bucky exit the hut to the sight of a beautiful wakandan lakeside . he take it all in with a deep breath . outside the hut be wakandan shaman ( man and woman ) and shuri , embrace the three giggle child twodoramilaje observe shuri . from a close distance . wakandanchildren emhlophe ingcuka . ( white wolf ) bucky settles next to shuri take in she view of the lake . shuri good morning , sgt . barne . bucky bucky . shuri how be you feel ? bucky good . thank you . shuri smile . shuri come . much more for you to learn . he follow shuri towards the other hut .