black mirror '' USS callister " shoot script 06/01/17 written by William bridge Charlie brooker USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 1. int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 1 darkness . we hear a klaxon . Red alert in space ! Automatic door slide open -- we follow a stride , confident man name captain ROBERT daly as he enter the bridge of a spaceship . it 's retro - the woman wear miniskirt , the colour scheme be groovy , the screen be old school -- like a 60 space epic . follow behind daly : comm officer shania lowery . daly glance up at the giant display windshield in front of he . his matinee - idol look and stance epitomise the very best of Space fleet command . the display show a alien warship loom in front of they . walton ( 40s ) , the first officer and ship 's navigator , salute as daly enter . Walton look worried . scare . walton Captain Daly - captain daly report . walton it 's a non-federation vessel - jump straight out of whitespace , right in front of we . daly nod to himself , then look at the main display . tighten he jaw . Walton step in alongside . captain daly valdack . walton ( horrify ) it can not be -- lieutenant dudani , the ship 's head engineer , who have cyborg implant on he temple , look up from a monitor . dudani my datascan indicate a heavily - armoure gorgon dreadnaught , vessel id number zero nine sixty fi-- captain daly ( cut in ) thank you dudani. ( beat ) ( more ) continued : USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 2. captain daly ( cont 'd ) valdack must have hijacked it from the fermi hub and track we position . ( beat ) tulaska , shield status . elena tulaska , the callister 's glamorous head of security -- a sexy alien -- sound worried -- albeit in a east european accent : tulaska shield 100 percent . captain daly helmsman packer - packer Captain - captain daly Prime rear thruster . packer rear thruster prime . behind he helmsman packer work furiously at the control . walton be increasingly spook . daly be think . walton if that 's valdack he will rip we to shred ! ( beat ) Captain we have to surrender . ( beat ) there 's no other way ! daly keep he eye on the display . suddenly : valdack 's captain daly let 's not lose we head Lieutenant Walton . boom ! -- the bridge be rocked by a blast from ship . tulaska shield at 68 % . shania heavy damage report deck six through ten - dudani fire in mo centre and major rupture to cargo bay Alpha . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 continued : ( 2 ) walton we get no choice Captain ! shania do you want I to open comm with valdack 's craft Captain ? walton look at daly pleadingly . but ... captain daly negative . boom ! another blast rock the bridge ! tulaska shield at 54 percent . shania there 's no way out . walton Captain -- please -- captain daly not now Walton - daly peer beyond valdack 's ship . Beyond it : a cluster of asteroid encompass in a large green gas cloud . he turn to packer , the young helmsman . captain daly ( cont ’d ) helmsman packer ! take we into that asteroid gas cluster . packer into the cluster ? walton look terrify . walton that 's suicide -- captain daly -- it 's we only chance ! ( beat ) that gas cluster be charge with ionize pyron particle . if we shield hold we can use they to increase we photon intensity . daly put a hand up to silence dudani 's witter . captain daly ( cont ’d ) packer , increase thruster . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 continued : ( 3 ) 4 . 1 packer push forward on the throttle . engine roar . walton look increasingly scared . the crew watch as they ship pass over the enemy craft and head into the gas cluster . the entire bridge shudder . light blink . tulaska shield at 43 % walton it will tear the ship apart ! without averting he eye from the display , daly snap : captain daly Walton , you be a Space fleet officer . hold yourself together . walton check himself , nod , try to hold it together . boom ! shudder ! another impact . tulaska shield at 32 % . shania monitor the sensor from she station . shania valdack 's not follow . captain daly packer , turn we around - — packer nod and obey . captain daly ( cont ’d ) tulaska , charge photon bolt . tulaska tap something . tulaska bolt charge captain . a beat . Daly bide he time . captain daly Fire . then they fire a photon bolt at the enemy ship . it 's a direct hit it explode on impact cause enormous damage . tulaska his hull 's breach . shield go . he 's defenceless . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 5 . continued : ( 4 ) 1 captain daly ( to shania ) Lieutenant lowery , open comm - — shania he 's already hail we Captain -- captain daly on screen . the screen reveal valdack , a muscly space viking , injure but defiant . behind he : glimpsis of he spaceship through spark and smoke . the screen flicker - the signal be weak . valdack ( on comm screen ) Captain Daly . May you drow in the venom of 900 tragorian snake . captain daly you be defeat , valdack . return the plasmorthium crystal and we will cause you no more damage . valdack spit . valdack you must think I a fool Captain . I know the crystal 's capability . I will die before I give it up . captain daly I give you a chance valdack . show you mercy . reflect on that . while you can . ( to shanta ) Close comm . the display screen flick back to open space . the semi - obliterate enemy ship sit in view . captain daly ( cont 'd ) tulaska . destroy he ship . tulaska yes captain . a photon bolt be launch . the crew watch on as it impact the enemy ship . the ship explode in a fireball . the crew breathe a sigh of relief - then cheer . daly stand . shania that be incredible captain . packer you save we life ! USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 6 . continued : ( 5 ) 1 walton take daly 's hand , desperately grateful . walton sorry I lose it back there . captain daly not for the first time , Walton - walton I should know by now to never doubt you . please -- forgive I . still hold daly 's hand , he fall down on one knee , like a man begging forgiveness from the pope . captain daly at ease , Walton . walton stand , nodd . suddenly dudani pipe up : dudani Captain ! everyone look round . dudani ( cont 'd ) sensor indicate a escape pod eject from valdack 's ship before detonation . traces of plasmorthium - - he 's escape with the crystal . packer want I to plot a pursuit course captain ? daly consider he option . captain daly no . we will let he go . ( beat ) for now . everyone nod and smile . shania great decision - make , captain . suddenly walton shout : walton Three cheer for Captain Daly ! hip - hip - crew hooray ! USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 7 . continued : ( 6 ) 1 daly pretend to be vaguely embarrassed , make a " quiet down " gesture with he hand . but the toast continue : walton hip hip ! crew hooray ! ++. so daly smile , shrug , and bask in they adulation . next , walton clap in time and lead a sing - song : walton for he 's a jolly good fellow ... the entire crew join in . daly bask in the praise . shania sidle up and put a arm around he waist . daly lean over and kiss she , shania literally bend over backwards as he do so . a curiously chaste lips-close kiss . the pose be a bit like errol Flynn kissing a rescue maiden . no sooner have the kiss with shania finish than daly turn and perform a identical kiss with tulaska . throughout , the crew be still singing he praise . crew and so say all of we ! and so say all of we ! for he 's a jolly good fall - o- www ... and so say all of we ! int . callister inc . - lobby - day . 2 Elevator door open to reveal daly wait inside - he look different . downtrodden . in badly - fitting work attire , this be the real ROBERT daly , arrive at he real job . daly step into the lobby . we do not really see the receptionist 's face just yet incidentally . behind she be the logo for the company - callister inc . on one wall be a video display show a sizzle reel of the company 's major product : infinity . it 's a constant trail show cgi graphic from a space game . the rendering look like the environment aboard the USS callister , but without the retro tinge -- it 's more jj abram style . and it 's intercut with caption like '' massively multiplayer vr space epic '' and " totally immersive " . daly reach the main door , swipe he pass , and the panel beeps and flash red . he try again . same result . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 8 . continued : 2 daly look over at the receptionist . we notice she be lieutenant elena tulaska , the USS callister 's head of security , except she 's in civilian clothes . daly 's demeanour be notably different . he 's awkward . shy . daly Elena ? my pass do not work again . she look up , not hugely interested in he dilemma . elena you must renew on first of each month . daly I know , but , the first be on the weekend , so ... elena okay - she press a button , unlock the main door . daly thank you . elena ( look at phone ) you be welcome . int . callister inc . - MAIN floor - continuous 3 daly make he way across the large open plan office - this be callister inc head quarter , a advanced vr tech company . we see row of coder at workstation , design software . Building level . data stream down paper thin monitor - some use ar smart -specs -- it 's Google on steroid . in one small room we see some tester sit motionless , they eye cloud out , with tiny disc-like vr experiencers stick to they temple . one of the wall serve as a huge video display -- also show the infinity sizzle reel . another face we recognise head towards daly on he way out . it 's helmsman packer , the fresh face recruit , only here he be a intern , real name nate packer . he smile a greeting for daly as he near . he 's casually carry a empty tray . nate Morning Mr. Daly . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 9 . continued : 3 daly helmsman packer . nate look confuse . daly ( cont 'd ) I mean , Mr. packer . nate . nate smile , a bit confuse , and pass . daly turn , realize where he 's go . point at the tray . daly ( cont 'd ) be you - make coffee ? nate stop , turn . nate uh yeah . daly wait for a brief moment for nate to catch up with what he mean by the question . nate do not get there . daly do you think maybe you could make I one too ? I mean perhaps -- nate sure . sure . nate take out he phone , ready to add to the order . daly vanilla latte . nate type . daly ( cont 'd ) skim milk . nate smirk at that , glance at daly 's paunch . nate yeah good call . daly force a smile . nate finish take the order , smile , head off on he mission . daly turn and walk across the floor , momentarily distract by the sight of shania lowery ( who work here in business affayr ) crossing the floor in business - wear . shania ( finish a cell call , cut - glass accent ) well , careful what you wish for ; that be big number and we might just have to hold you to that . ( more ) USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 3 shania ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; hearing unfunny joke from client ) hahaha ! ( beat ) of course . absolutely ... momentarily not look where he 's go , daly immediately trip over a gym bag and land with a thump on the floor . there 's a moment for he to groan . all eye on he . a man who look exactly like valdack lean in to help he up . but this valdack be actually a faintly jockish co-worker , karl , from marketing . karl woah , you okay there ? daly get to he foot , embarrassed . feeling all eye on he . karl ( cont 'd ) guess you do not see my gym bag . karl slap he on the back , a little too hard karl ( cont 'd ) sorry bud . daly smile weakly , and head toward the end of the room . daly pass a big office window - we see someone inside talk to someone on a hand - free earpiece , while toy idly with a stress ball with the callister logo on it . this man be confident , swagger -- he glance over at daly , smile and nod as he carry on he conversation . it 's walton , the USS callister be second in command - in the real world he look far more confident . on the wall of walton 's office be a blow - up frame front cover of wired magazine . it show walton , with the headline to infinity and beyond . daly smile and wave as he pass the window but walton 's attention have already go back to he chat . daly carry on , pass text on the door that read ; jame walton . ceo . callister inc . he reach a second , pokier office next to walton be and head inside . on he door the text read ; ROBERT daly . chief technical officer . callister inc . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 11 . int . callister inc . - daly office - day 4 daly 's office be cramped . on the wall there 's a poster for space fleet , a old late 60 tv show in the STAR trek mould . bit of space fleet memorabilia be everywhere . there 's even a series of blu -ray , dvd and vhs box set on a shelf . daly sit at he desk . sigh . he look through the glass to notice shania and karl . from the glance in he direction it look like maybe they be talk about he . shania laugh at whatever karl just say . under the desk , daly clenches a fist . a knock at the door snap he out of it . nanette cole ( mid 20 ) , supersmart coder , stand in the doorway , a tad nervous . daly think he know what she want . it 's happen before . daly lady bathroom 's that way . the sign 's confusing . nanette you be Robert Daly , right ? daly right -- nanette step forward and hold out a hand . nanette nanette , nanette Cole . daly gingerly take she hand and shake it nanette ( cont 'd ) I start here today , coding on the update ? just want to pass on my admiration to the person who actually design infinity . the procedural algorithm be amazing , it really be some beautiful code . daly be genuinely take aback . daly thank you . nanette step inside . nanette it 's actually the reason I want to work here . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 12 . continued : 4 a pregnant pause , daly do not know what else to say . nanette ( cont 'd ) you must be busy , sorry . daly no - no , its fine - nanette - fangirl , sorry . she notice the space fleet boxset . pick up a vhs case . nanette ( cont 'd ) woah what 's that ? ( beat ) vintage . daly stand , worried he vhs case may get fingermark on it . daly Space fleet . a tv show . it be before you time - before my time actually , but it be visionary -- nanette be that on like tape ? daly tap the other boxset daly get the vhs , the dvd , the blu - Ray - - whole thing , season one to six . ( beat ) Netflix have it this day . nanette '' aboard the spaceship USS callister '' . ok yeah , so callister be like the - daly yeah , when we set up the company I suggest we call it callister as a kind of a tribute . Walton do not really get the reference , but he let I have that one . nanette look at the space fleet poster . Notes the female crew member in a sort of mini-skirt costume . nanette mini-skirted damsel ? Little cold for that in space . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 4 daly that 's just what a bargradian sand warrior would say . the look on nanette 's face indicate she do not get the joke suddenly walton enter without invitation . start talk before he even realize nanette be in the room . walton Bob , Christmas be close in like a god damn meteor and we get customer all over we ball wait on this infinity update . just tell I it 's 1ll be up and run before the weekend . daly ( flustered ) well - I can ask kabir if he could pick the pace up a little - walton ( interrupt ) you be cto , you should not be ask anyone anything . you should be tell . like I be tell you now . daly I will speak to he . I be sorry . walton good . okay . daly nod . walton notice nanette stand in the room . desperately wishing she be not there . walton ( cont 'd ) hello . nanette hi. sorry . I could not find a good moment to - she 's about to say the word " leave " . walton you must be new . ( hold out he hand ) James Walton , I run the company . walton hold she hand a little too long after the shake . walton ( cont 'd ) well , we run the company . kind of . Bobby 's the hardware and I be - the shiny front end . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 4 nanette nanette Cole . walton which department ? nanette engine architecture . walton do you start today ? nanette ier - yes . walton you have the tour ? nanette no . I be just -- walton ( cut in ) -- then please , allow I . before nanette can answer walton lead she out the door . nanette ( to daly ) it be so nice to meet you . daly nod . then watch as walton lead nanette away . int . callister inc . - MAIN floor - day daly walk over to a workstation to find kabir dudani , a bookish coder , eat he breakfast at he desk . daly uh , kabir ... as dudani look up , we realise he 's lt dudani . he wear glass in reality . dudani Mr Daly ? daly you get the latest eta on the update patch ? just there 's still some runtime error ... USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 15 . continued : 5 dudani well ... thing be Mr Daly - it could be ready by end of play today , but if we have time we could alter the trading mechanic , tweak the critical hit system , but of course that have add another week , maybe ten day ? while dudani say that , daly glance round and see , on the other side of the office , walton introduce nanette to shania and karl . karl be clearly attract to she . daly do not hear what dudani just say . dudani prompt he . dudani ( cont 'd ) Mr Daly ? daly uh , yeah , do all that . thank you . dudani nod , a bit surprised . dudani okay . we be on it . daly head back towards he office . as he do , he see the intern nate hand out he coffee . one to shania , one to karl . one to walton . nate have one leave -- daly 's skinny latte . walton take it and hand it to nanette . she smile and accept it . daly scowl . retreat to he office and brood in silence . int . daly apartment - front door / corridor - night 6 the room be dark . no one home . a sensor panel on the wall suddenly emit a little bing noise as daly enter , grouchily . eat the remain of a hot dog , hold a grocery bag under he arm . as he enter the light gently brighten to a invite glow . int . daly apartment - bedroom - night 7 this be a small room with even more space fleet memorabilia . poster . action figure in glass display case . a airfix model of valdack 's ship , still in its package . there 's also a small desk with a computer monitor and keyboard , and a high - back ergonomic chair . on the desk there be also a mysterious device , like a petri dish connect to a wire that trail off somewhere . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 16 . continued : 7 daly slump at he desk and drop the hot dog package into a small trash can . daly reach over to the side of he desk , open a mini - fridge next to it , and try to choose between a carton of chocolate milk and a carton of strawberry milk . as he do so , we notice in the fridge door be a see-through ziplock plastic bag with a red lollipop inside it . the name tommy be write on the bag in sharpie . daly choose chocolate milk . stabs a straw into the carton and tap he mouse . he take a small vr experiencer disc from a receptacle and plant it on he temple . on the monitor , use he mouse , he open a desktop folder label infinity . Inside be two icon . infinity and infinity ( space fleet mod ) . he double-click the latter . light glimmer on he vr experiencer disc . immediately daly 's eye glaze over and he body go limp . he slump back in he chair , immobilise - he 's in the game . int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 8 the door open . the in - game captain daly -- energize and simmer -- step out onto the bridge . walton welcome back Captain . captain daly have you locate valdack 's position ? walton not yet . but we sensor be probing every star system between here and -- captain daly so you answer be " no " . a pause . tension rise on the bridge . the captain 's in a bad mood . the crew exchange glance . walton I be afraid so captain . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 17 . continued : 8 daly nod . then he suddenly grasp walton by the throat and lift he off the ground with one arm . darth vader style . the crew watch , freeze with fear . walton gasp for breath . captain daly you be pathetic Walton . what be you ? walton ( strangulate ) pt -- pthhh - captain daly what 's that ? walton ( as clearly as possible ) pathetic . daly let he dangle a moment longer , then let go . walton hit the floor gasp . daly address the rest of the crew . captain daly ( to everyone ) so valdack 's out there , somewhere and you village idiot be asleep at the wheel . ( beat ) you be not just disgraceful . you be disgusting . all of you . silence as they look at they shoe . captain daly ( cont ’d ) so. can you do one thing ? can you find valdack ? ( glance at walton ) I be not ask . I be tell you . ( beat ; to all ) understand ? General nodd and murmur of ‘of course Captain 's . captain daly ( cont ’d ) well alright . Daly click he finger -- more energy . captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( to tulaska ) tulaska ! check security protocol - if they have expire you be in trouble . tulaska yes Captain . 10 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 8 tulaska nod , chasten , busy herself . captain daly ( to dudant ) dudani ! recheck that probe result ! no room for error . dudani of course captain . daly turn to packer . captain daly helmsman packer - packer yes Captain ? captain daly vanilla latte . skim milk . packer salute . packer at once ! packer practically sprint to fetch the order . meanwhile daly settles down into the captain 's chair . he look at walton , who 's crawl on all four towards the door . captain daly Walton . walton swallow , crawl over to the captain 's chair . lies down in front of it . daly rest he foot on walton 's back . daly sit in he chair , sigh . captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( out loud ) exit game . int . daly apartment - bedroom - night 9 the real daly blink back to life in he chair . a beat . int . callister inc . - day 10 nanette sit coding at she workstation , ear bud in . we pull focus to see daly be watch she from he glass box . 10 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 19 . continued : 10 now we be inside Daly 's box , look out . just like he . then daly spot walton . stride through the office like caesar . he stop at nanette 's desk . she pop out she ear bud . they trade a little friendly chat . Walton put a friendly hand on nanette 's shoulder . Daly 's eye tighten . suddenly he 's snap out of this reverie by dudani 's voice . daly look up -- dudani be in the doorway . dudani Mr Daly ? get that new eta on the update patch . daly New eta ? — — dudani it 's all good but now we be look at December 24th for roll out . daly we do not patch till Christmas Eve ? dudani well . yeah . I mean with the alteration you approve ... daly do not know how to respond to this . daly okay . okay thank you . he watch dudani go . then nanette be in he doorway : nanette hey Robert . daly stand up . daly oh hi -- nanette just fix a coffee , you want one ? it 's the nicest thing anyone 's say to he in five year . daly sure. ( beat ) uh , vanilla latte . skim milk . 10 11 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 10 nanette okey doke ! she walk off . daly 's heart swell . int . callister inc . - water cooler area - later 11 nanette stand at the hydration station -- a glorify water cooler area the company have install . various brand vend and coffee machine line a seating area . meanwhile , shania approach from a distance , on a cellphone call . again , she talk in she cut -glass british accent . shania ( friendly , to phone ) of course . yes. absolutely . use cardboard cup with plastic lid , nanette start to fix herself she coffee and one for daly , when shania arrive alongside she . as shania speak , she look at nanette -- and mime boredom and irritation with the phonecall she 's make , so nanette will know she secretly hate the person on the other end . shania ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yes . okay then . hahaha ! well that be great number ! ta-ta . shania hang up , look at nanette and point at the phone . her accent change . shania sound less refine in real life . shania ( cont 'd ) ( point at phone ) total fuck shitwit . nanette nod , a bit embarrassed . nanette you want a coffee ? shania yeah thanks , brushed suede . nanette punch button . they wait while they coffee brew . shania regards she and pick up a apple . nanette smile , unable to think of much to say . shania ( cont 'd ) so how you settling in ? you be settling in ? she take a bite . 11 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 21 . continued : 11 nanette yeah , everyone 's really friendly . shania nod and chew the apple . nanette ( cont 'd ) not like my last job , thank God . shania yeah ? nanette it be a toxic workplace . boss be a major league bully . not like here , like with mr-- ? shania - Walton ? yeah he 's a good guy . ( beat ) bit of a player ... nanette oh ? shania - like chuck a ham sandwich across the room and he would fuck it before it hit the ground but he 's basically a alright bloke . nanette do not know how to respond to that . nanette okay . well . it 's two boss anyway here I guess . shania look blank . shania two how ? nanette Robert Daly -- shania oh ! ha ! well technically yeah . and just now we reveal that daly be lurking just behind the refreshment area , listen in , unbeknownst to both woman . nanette Mr. Daly 's actually the reason I come here . I mean , who would not want to work under a incredible mind like that , y’know ? his coding be sublime . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 22 . ul continued : ( 2 ) ql we see daly hearing this praise . his heart skip a beat . shania do you have a thing for he ? nanette Daly ? no , it 's not like that . it 's purely professional . I like he code . we see daly hearing this . no reaction on he face . shania ( breathes out ) Fucking hell , I be gonna say -- do not be too nice to he . he get a bit ... starey . y’know . she do the mime as she say that bit . shania ( cont 'd ) Wide berth , that 's my advice . Wide berth ... nanette ( a bit disappointed ) oh. okay . ( beat ) thank you . nanette put lid on the coffee as shania eat she apple . 12 int . callister inc . - daly office - moment later 12 it 's now mute and awkward as nanette carry the coffee cup in to daly and set it down on he desk . nanette there you go . daly thank you . nanette go , feel daly 's eye on she back . she sit at she own desk and sip her coffee . a close - up on she lip as she sip through the lid sippy - hole . daly be watching . 13 ext . callister inc . - evening 13 the sun begin to set . 14 15 16 17 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 23. int . callister inc . - continuous 14 the office be almost empty bar daly , still in he office . he watch the last few employee leave . karl , pull on a coat , chat to shania , leave through the door . nanette hoist a backpack onto she back and put she earbud in . she 's the last to leave . the moment the door shut behind she , daly stand up . he open a desk drawer contain surgical glove , tweezer and a see -thru plastic bag . he start pull on the glove . int . callister inc . - moment later 15 daly be at nanette 's workstation . he reach into she trash can . pull out the coffee cup she have earlier . take off the lid . carefully place the lid into the see - thru bag int . daly apartment - front door / corridor - night 16 bong . the room light up in preparation for daly return . daly burst in , fumble at he work bag . he pull out the cellophane bag we see earlier and hurry into he bedroom . int . daly 's apartment - bedroom - night 17 daly rush to he desk , sit , put down the cellophane bag . he don latex glove again . pop open the mysterious device on the desk . there 's a petri dish in there with some sort of thick blue gel in it . he carefully take the cup lid out of the plastic bag and run a swab along the sippy -hole . daly delicately place the swab onto the petri dish and close the lid . a LED wink . something bleep . then he place the lid back into the bag and put the bag into the fridge . we notice the shelf have other item in bag -- one contain a splodge of chewing gum , another a tissue , and one a lollipop . he turn to he keyboard and type . click he mouse around . 17 18 19 20 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 24 . continued : 17 more light on the petri dish device start to twinkle . on the screen : assimilating . and a load bar appear . 1 % and rise . estimated time to completion - 16 hour daly look at he watch . stretch . head for bed as the load bar rise incrementally . ext . daly apartment block - dawn 18 Orange morning sun spread over Daly 's apartment block . int . daly 's apartment - bedroom - morning 19 the load bar read 67 % as daly , in the background , get dress and head out the door . Music carry we through a little montage : int . callister inc . - various - moment later 20 daly exit the elevator , cross the lobby and try he pass . once again he 's reject . elena the receptionist buzze he in again . we intercut the follow with the loading bar as it climb . now it 's at 74 % next we see he watch nanette chat with walton , then karl , then shania . the load bar climb to 85 % daly sit type when walton suddenly hold a iPad - type tablet display a press article directly in between he and the monitor . headline : infinity update : not till XMAS ? daly look up at he . walton shake he head , disappointed . meanwhile nanette be at she station , coding . load bar now at 96 % we go in on nanette 's face . 97 % we see daly watch she through the glass . 20 21 22 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 25 . continued : 20 98 %... 99 % ... 100 % int . USS callister - mo BAY - deep space 21 there 's a starch white medical bed in this room . we be tight on eye . a woman 's eye . nanette 's eye . suddenly nanette wake , look around . this be not she bed . or she room . it 's too dark to make out detail . there 's no window . just some machine make beep - boop noise she look down and realise she 's dress in space fleet attire . figure-hugging uniform . groovy short skirt . she pat herself , confuse . feel she hair . it 's different . she walk to a door , which open into a corridor ... int . USS callister - corridor - deep space 22 we hear a automatic door swoosh . then nanette walk into frame , traversing a classic starship corridor . nanette ( Calling out ) hello ? there 's no - one here . she turn a corner . at the end be a kind of airlock door with a small porthole - type window in it . she see she own face reflect in it . but it 's not a reflection she entirely recognise . her hair be different . it 's style . and she have make - up on . Light blue eyeshadow . she stare at herself , baffle . and then -- she focus on the star behind she reflection . the star ?!? shock , she lean in . out the window - stretch out either side of the window be the universe . deep space . we see a external shot . nanette peer out from a tiny window . we pull out to see , on the main section of the ship , print in giant letter , the word USS callister dizzy with shock , nanette step back from the window . and then she hear two voice argue , echoing down the hallway . she stumble towards they in a trance , follow the sound through the wind hallway until she reach a door . nanette pass through the door -- onto the bridge . 23 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 26 . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 23 the bridge be dimly light . the crew be not at they station . they're in a corner , huddle around a kind of bar . walton 's there , pour a drink whilst the rest sit solemnly watch . the argument ( between walton and tulaska ) stop the minute they see nanette in the doorway . there 's a pause . walton ( to self ) oh boy . ( beat ) look like there 's a new girl in the office . he take a swig . nanette hold back , confuse . shania pipe up -- in she ' regular 's voice , not she cut - glass accent . shania what 's you name hun ? walton come in . let I pour you a drink . get everything from bengarian phlegm shot to distil root blood from the cangor quadrant . what 's you poison ? some of this actually be poison . do not be shy . nanette do not move . nanette be I dream ? shania ' fraid not . tulaska , who 's bored and sit at she station , do not look up from she fingernails . tulaska I remember dream . packer nod -- that be the day . packer I too . nanette where be I ? 23 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 27 . continued : 23 walton the USS callister , Space fleet 's finest , explore the farthest reach of the know universe and beyond . we be its loyal crew . and now , it seem , so be you . cheer . walton downs a shot . nanette look around . shania you name , babe , what 's you name ? nanette nanette . ( off shania 's blank look ) we have meet . shania maybe , in the real world . I get no way of know . nanette what do you mean ? shania you would better sit down . nanette I do not want to sit down , I want to know what 's go on . dudani walk towards she . dudani you be onboard Robert Daly 's ship . nanette wh -- Robert Daly ? the cto ? walton ( pour another drink ) here he 's Captain Daly , we fearless leader . shania you be seriously gonna need to sit the fuck down . nanette turn to spot packer . nanette ( to packer ) you be the intern ? from work . nate something ? 23 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 packer packer . nate packer. ( beat ) I be still just the intern out there huh ? jesus. nanette turn to dudani . nanette and you be -- dudani kabir dudani . diagnostics . nanette , daze , look at tulaska . nanette you be the receptionist . tulaska nod . tulaska Elena . nanette look at tulaska 's alien blue skin . nanette but you be skin be blue ... tulaska look at she own alien skin and practically shrug by way of recognition . tulaska weird alien skin , I know , it 's fuck up . almost sort of racist . nanette look dizzy . she nearly fall over . shania be there to catch she . she start lead nanette over to the captain 's chair . shania Walt . fix she something . vodka . something she will recognise . nanette sit . the rest of the officer crowd round . she look at they like she 's dream . packer what 's it like out there now ? nanette struggle to answer . packer ( cont 'd ) like what year be it ? shania be annoyed with packer . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 29 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 nanette what year - I see you today . walton do you see I ? do I look thin ? like wheatgrass and yoga thin ? shania can we not pop she fuck mind ? give she a chance . nanette someone need to be straight with I right now . shania step forward . try to calm she . shania okay . listen . this be infinity . that 's what we be all inside -- ( gesture around ) -- that 's where all this exist . nanette infinity the game ? shania ( nodd ) Daly 's get he own modd version of infinity - re-skin to look like he favourite tv show -- nanette Space ... thing ... walton bring the vodka over and hand it to she . walton Space fleet . hence the groovy decor - shania ( indicate own outfit ) and this get-up . nanette infinity 's a online game , like a multiplayer deal , I mean -- dudani this be he development build . seal off . so he can control it . he keep it offline so the custom code he 's write can not be detect and delete . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 30 . 23 continued : ( 4 ) 23 walton it 's a bubble universe rule by a asshole God . nanette be almost lose for word . nanette he -- put we in here ? shania ( nodd ) drink you vodka . nanette how do we get out ? shania hold the shot of vodka closer . shania really , drink it . nanette downs the shot . and gasp . shania ( cont 'd ) you can not leave . nanette what ! ? shania none of we can . because you be not actually you . nanette what ? shania I know , it 's mental . but -- you be a copy of you . dudani a digital clone . nanette look around , try to process this . walton sympathetically signal for she to drink another shot . nanette no . I be I - walton - but not the real you . dudani Daly 's create a identical digital version of you - of all of we . from you DNA . he 'il have harvest it somehow . 23 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 31 . continued : ( 5 ) 23 walton told I he get mine from the rim of a smoothie cup . packer 's juice he retrieve from the bathroom -- packer -- man , let that go , she do not need detail - shania basically he 's build some fuck gizmo - dudani - I theorize a advanced biometric DNA virtual clone replicator wi-- shania ( interrupt ) - exactly , a fuck gizmo . he feed you DNA in , grow you inside he computer and bam . you pop up here . like a pop tart . nanette look dizzy . shania continue . shania ( cont 'd ) we have all be through it . he bring we in for different reason . shit we do in the office . I call he out for stare . dudani I reset admin permission on a test build for fourteen minute . in truth a minor error which be rapidly - before dudani can ramble , packer cut in : packer I bring he the wrong sandwich . tulaska put a hand up . tulaska '' insufficient smile '' . walton do not want to talk about this . walton never mind Daly 's ' reason 's . we be stick in he playground now , that 's all you need to know . nanette get out of the chair and walk around . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 32 . 23 continued : ( 6 ) 23 nanette this be a dream . it have to be . walton take the shot that nanette have leave . walton more of a eternal waking nightmare from which there be no escape . nanette no. no . shania ( to walton ) fuck sake , I be try to break she in gently . walton roll he eyebrow and downs the shot . walton quicker she get it , the easier it 'il be for she . suddenly the light of the ship come on , bathing the room in a warm orange glow . tense resignation wash across the crew . tulaska daddy 's home . packer ( indicate light ) Daly . he will be here any moment . nanette no . I be out of here . packer grab she arm . deathly serious . packer ( to nanette ) you gotta stay on the bridge . nanette get off - packer he control everything -- he do shit to make we cooperate . you have no idea . I be try to help you . nanette pull herself free and run for the exit . packer go to run after she , but shania stop he by say : shania leave it . 23 24 25 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 33 . continued : ( 7 ) 23 packer ( to shanta ) he will fuck we all up if she do not play ball . shania she 's gonna have to work it out for herself . like we all do . she glance at walton who look at he shoe . int . USS callister - hallway - continuous 24 nanette run along the hallway , look for a escape . nanette ( to self ) gotta be a way out . she try a access panel beside the airlock door . it have button on it . she mash away at they . nanette ( cont 'd ) come on come on . get to be a way -- suddenly , the ship hum louder . light up . nanette try the access panel again , but stop when she notice something happen to she hand -- they be glow . she hold they up , realise its happen to she whole body . she be beginning to disintegrate in a strange golden glow . she panic , scream as she evaporate into thin air . int . USS callister - bridge - deep space . 25 nanette reappear on the teleporter , in the same golden glow she disappear in , still hold she hand out , scream . the crew be now all at they station watch she in silence . in the quiet of the bridge , nanettex scream seem overly dramatic . she stop . the chair in the centre of the room spin round to face she , revealing captain daly sit in a classic hero pose . captain daly Lieutenant Cole . welcome aboard . she stare at he , agape . captain daly ( cont ’d ) Crew , we have a new member of the team . Science Officer nanette Cole . ( more ) USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 34 . 25 continued : 25 captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) please , take you post - I believe we have finally manage to track valdack to a unchart planet . tulaska , the nearest , nudge she . signal to a empty chair . nanette ( gather composure ) no. nervous look from the crew . captain daly take you post . that be a order . nanette I be not do this . captain daly ( drop the act briefly ) the whole thing 's much better if you let yourself get into it . nanette if you think I be play along with you Space Force bullshit - - captain daly Space fleet - nanette - whatever - just think again . captain daly 's mood darken . he stand from he chair . captain daly this be my ship . I be you captain . a order be a order . nanette then go fuck yourself . " Sir " . a stand off . the tension amongst the crew be palpable . captain daly okay . so we be do it this way . captain daly hold out a hand in she direction , not unlike the Emperor from Empire strike back . nanette what , you gonna ' throw a fireball ' ? the crew avert they eye . they have see this before . suddenly daly click he finger . 25 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 nanette 's entire face suddenly become a perfectly smooth featureless bump . no eye , no nostril , no mouth . we hear a muffle gasp . evidently she can not breathe . captain daly oh dear . can not see , can not breathe ? nanette be gasp -- but have no mouth . she pat she useless non - face , she clutches she throat , fall to she knee . the rest of the crew return to they station , try to ignore the familiarity of the torture play out . daly come closer , stand over she . captain daly ( cont ’d ) unpleasant , be not it ? she 's on the floor , gasp . daly kneel beside she . captain daly ( cont ’d ) do you submit ? you will not die you know . no - one die in here unless I want they to . I can keep you this way forever if I feel like it . eternity - in darkness , gasp for breath with a mouth that be not there . she writhes , desperate to breathe . daly straighten up . captain daly ( cont ’d ) do you submit ? nanette be still squirming . captain daly ( cont ’d ) we have all the time in the universe . do you submit ? eventually -- nanette nod . captain daly ( cont ’d ) good girl . he click he finger , walk away . nanette 's face reappear . she gulp down air like someone rescue from drown . captain daly spin he chair round away from nanette to face the large view screen at the front of the bridge . captain daly ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant cole. valdack 's hideout . triangulate the signal please . 25 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 36 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 nanette look at the crew . no one be come to help she . they have all be make subservient by daly 's omnipotence . eventually nanette pull herself up , head over to she station . she sit at the chair next to shania . nanette look down at the control , incomprehensible symbol and color shape . shania talk through the side of she mouth to nanette . shania ( whisper ) any button , they be all the same . nanette look down to see a red flash light on she control . she press it . the shape and symbol move away to reveal a animation of a star system , it zeroe in on a planet in that system . a flash beacon pulse on the planet surface . information scroll down next to it . nanette stare at it all . captain daly well ? nanette ( reading from monitor ) I be get a signal from ... a class 5 planet ... uh.. rannotch B ... shania rannoch -- nanette right . rannoch B. captain daly excellent . dudani , prepare the transmat system . dudani of course Captain . captain daly get up . captain daly Walton . packer . lowery . with I . we will transport down to the planet . reclaim the crystal . bring valdack to justice . the name crew member get up to follow captain daly to the teleporter . captain daly stop : 25 26 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 37 . continued : ( 4 ) 25 captain daly ( cont 'd ) actually , Cole . you come too . perfect opportunity for you to prove you be more than a recommendation from Space fleet . what do you say ? nanette look at tulaska , who nod slowly and discreetly . packer , walton and daly don belt with phaser gun on they . meanwhile nanette join they on the teleporter . shania indicate how to stand on one of the teleporter disc . captain daly ( cont ’d ) Mr dudani . Transport ! dudani aye aye captain . he hit a button and the crew dematerialise . ext . alien world - day 26 the alien planet surface . two sun hang in a mauve sky . daly and the crew materialise into view . nanette look a little dizzy . the rest be accustom to it . captain daly breathable atmosphere . scan for plasmorthian trace . daly scan the horizon with he ominicorder , like it 's a geiger counter . the omnicorder beep . Daly turn and point at the horizon . captain daly ( cont ’d ) the crystal 's this way . let 's go . he lead they toward it . daly and walton walk ahead . as packer head off , nanette spot the gun on he belt . nanette ( hushed ) nate . she pull level with he . nanette ( cont 'd ) hey nate -- packer ( equally hushed ) helmsman packer . ( more ) USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 38 . 26 continued : 26 packer ( cont 'd ) you gotta call I '' helmsman packer '' . he get mad if we do not use we full title . nanette you get a gun , let 's take he out -- packer not gonna happen -- nanette it 's worth a shot -- packer one , we gun do not work . only he do . and two , the motherfucker 's invincible . nanette least you get a gun . she 's get more and more annoyed with this . 27 ext . crater - later 27 daly lead they down a craggy path with high rocky wall towards the centre of a crater . nanette look up around they - it feel like they be be watch . some small stone clatter down the wall behind they make walton jump . walton ( nervously ) Captain -- daly be consume by the reading on he omnicorder . captain daly shhh ! suddenly valdack be voice boom out from behind they . valdack ( 0.c . ) we meet again , Captain Daly ! daly swing around to see valdack stand on the crater 's edge above they , hold a massive grenade launcher , cover they only exit . walton we be trap ! daly raise he phaser . valdack not advisable . my plasma grenade would turn you into scream soup . 27 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 39 . continued : 27 shania lean in , whisper : shania he 's not go to kill we Captain . he have the element of surprise , he would have do it when he have the chance . daly nod . look at valdack and raise he voice : captain daly have not work out how to use the crystal , have you valdack ? valdack it 's true that I require you Space fleet knowledge . it 's also true that you will give it to I . captain daly do not be so sure . valdack give out a classic evil villain laugh . nanette ( under breath ; it 's cheesy ) Jesus . shania shoot she a urgent look -- be quiet . valdack let 's see how you resolve hold up when you be be devoure one - by - one -- by my archanajax . at that moment a grotesque beetle monster scuttle from behind valdack , over the edge towards the crew . it 's about the size of a large horse with great big gnash mandible . walton we be all gonna die ! captain daly killing we will not make we tell you how the crystal work valdack . we will never -- suddenly he omnicorder emit a sort of electronic bing bong . like a doorbell . he hold it up . captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( break character ) hold on - think my pizza 's here . ( beat ; raise voice ) pause game . 27 28 29 30 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 suddenly daly freeze in position , still hold the omnicorder . the crew relax . so do valdack . even the arachnajax sit down . nanette be confuse . nanette what 's happen ? walton you hear he , he 's pause the game for a pizza delivery . ( off incredulous look ) out there . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 28 the real daly snap out of he trance -- he pupil return to normal -- and peel the vr disc off he temple . the same Bing bong he omnicorder make be come from somewhere off-screen . daly hold on ! he get out of he seat . int . daly apartment - front door / corridor / bedroom - momen ?}s later daly take a pizza box from a bored delivery guy . flip open the lid and grab a slice as he walk back to he bedroom . ext . crater - continuous 30 nanette stare at captain daly , who 's freeze in position , eye open , still hold the omnicorder . she wave a hand in front of he face . nothing . packer watch out . he will be back soon . valdack stretch and put down he plasma launcher . valdack goddam launcher 's heavy as shit . ( nodd down to crew ) how you guy hold up ? shania shrug and roll she eye . walton we be exist . walton nod at the arachnajax . 30 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 4l. continued : 30 walton ( cont 'd ) how ' bout you gillian ? the arachnajax let out a mournful howl . walton ( cont 'd ) well , yeah . shania see nanette be now stare at the arachnajax . she lean in . shania her name 's gillian . she be in marketing . packer Daly turn she into ... that ... cuz she would not " play along " when he clone she into here . shania this whole universe be litter with thing like she . poor fucker who step out of line . nanette stare at the arachnajax sadly , and with a deeper sense of dread . suddenly daly 's omnicorder emit a beep . walton well , here come Captain Dick - the crew re-assume position . valdack pick up he launcher . the arachnajax get back on its foot . daly spring back into life , call up to valdack . captain daly if we die , the secret of the crystal die with we valdack ! valdack so be it ! the arachnajax advance toward they , gnash its jaw . walton oh my God ! we be go to die ! daly call up one more time . captain daly valdack ! valdack what be it Captain ? final word ? daly point to something to the far side of valdack . 30 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 captain daly over there -- a naked lady ! valdack whaaat ? valdack turn to look . daly raise he phaser and fire , hit valdack in the shoulder . with a howl , valdack topple off the crater wall and land on he back on the sandy floor . the arachnajax scuttle away . daly and the crew advance upon the wind valdack as he groan in agony . packer great plan Captain . shania unparallele tactic . Daly stand over valdack , who be alive -- barely . valdack ( cough up blood ) we have fight many battle have not we Captain ? captain daly we have . valdack and I have be a good adversary for you have I not ? captain daly nod . valdack ( cont 'd ) then please . end it . kill I . valdack look daly square in the eye . he look - desperate . captain daly consider the request . aim he phaser at valdack 's head , ready to fire the killshot . the rest of the crew hold they breath , sense a moment . instead , captain daly lower he phaser , suck in air through he tooth , give a apologetic head shake . captain daly killing in cold blood be against the Space fleet code . I wish I could help . captain daly kneel down , drop the hero act for a moment . 30 31 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 43 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 captain daly ( cont 'd ) sorry . bud. valdack look like he could cry . the rest of the crew look away , each one with a strange look of defeat in they eye . captain daly ( cont 'd ) ( to the crew ) take he to the brig . shania and packer help valdack up , drag he away as captain daly hail the callister with he omnicorder . captain daly ( cont 'd ) dudani . dudani ( 0.c. ) ( from ship ) Captain . captain daly Transport we aboard . int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 31 another feverish round of for he 's a jolly good fellow be take place as daly bask in he latest achievement . he take shania in he arm , and do the damsel - kiss . next it 's tulaska 's turn . then - as the sing continue - he pull nanette close and lean in to kiss she . nanette push he away . slap he . the singing stop : walton and so say - oh my fuck daly hold he cheek . glare at nanette . a ominous pause . captain daly that be not very nice . he rise up , hold out he hand like the Emperor again . the crew hold its breath . nanette brace herself . then suddenly , daly lower he arm . captain daly ( cont ’d ) today I will show you mercy . dudani great mercy -show Captain . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 44 , 31 continued : 31 captain daly ( ignore that ) tomorrow , you should reconsider you ... amenability . I may not be feel so benevolent . ( out loud ) exit game . captain daly instantly disappear . the ship go into stasis mode , the light dim , leave just the crew . a beat , then : shania ( sigh of relief ) Fucking hell . tulaska this be tense . ( annoyed glance at nanette ) I do not like tense . walton drink ? 32 int . USS callister - bridge - later 32 the crew sit by the area where walton run he ' bar ' . he 's fill dudani and tulaska in on what happen on the ground . walton be not too bad . usual ' standoff 's storyline . ( beat ) saw gillian from Marketing . nanette be pace up and down . nanette no way I be kissing that asshole . packer then he 's gonna get more and more piss - nanette ( back at packer ) how about you kiss he ? shania look , it 's -- you get use to it . ( beat ) there 's no tongue , never tongue , if that 's any consolation -- nanette grimace . 32 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 45 . continued : 32 tulaska do tongue be not " Space fleet way " . shania - and it 's not like it can get beyond kissing anyway . nanette what do you mean ? shania you have not notice ? walton clear he throat , step out from behind the ' bar ' and calmly start undoing the belt on he costume . nanette okay what be -- he unbutton he pants -- nanette be appal : nanette ( cont 'd ) do not do that -- he drop he pants , revealing -- nothing ! where he genitals should be there 's a smooth , hairless mound . like a Ken doll . walton no genitals in Space fleet . it 's a wholesome universe . nanette look confuse . shania he must have modify we code that way . think he 's scared of sex . ( beat ) we be all the same . do not believe I , take a look down there . she point at nanette 's groin . nanette gingerly pull the waist of she skirt away from she belly and peer down into she knicker . her face say it all . walton , do up he pants , add : walton we have try grind we mound together out of sheer boredom , no sensation at all . shania can not even shit . can not even have the basic fuck pleasure of push out a shit . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 46 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 they all nod , sadly . tulaska I miss take shit . nanette okay . stealing my pussy be a red fuck line . we gotta get this bastard . walton we have try a million time . no way out . nanette Walton , c’mon- Walton ! walton downs he shot , walk off to sulk in a corner . nanette watch he go , shaking she head . nanette ( cont 'd ) Daly 's smart . but he 's not a God . he 's a coder . he 's fallible . ( a flash of inspiration ) kabir ! what be he hold ? in he hand , that scanner thing ? dudani his omnicorder . primary communication device -- nanette ( to shantia ) you say he keep he version of the game offline . shania nod . nanette ( cont 'd ) ( to dudant ) but he omnicorder make contact with the outside world . when the pizza come . gotta be connect to he home system at least . shania the omnicorder 's go . dudani it load when he load , it go when he go . and that 's the only one . nanette think . walk over to one of the ship 's computer . it 's display apparently random code raining down the screen . a bit matrix . 32 33 34 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01 continued : ( 3 ) nanette there 's get be a way to connect . she start type . dudani you will not hack it . I have try . nanette I have not . 17 47 . 32 she type furiously . dudani shake he head and walk off . ext . USS callister - deep space 33 hour pass -- during which we see a exterior shot of the USS callister with the heavens roll past . int . USS callister - bridge - later 34 nanette be type furiously . suddenly she stop . nanette bingo . dudani and shania be nearby . she show they the screen . a icon of a handshake , beneath it the word invite a friend . dudani 's eye widen as the penny drop . dudani oh that 's good . shania still look confuse , so nanette explain : nanette part of infinity 's front end . you invite a friend with a custom message . shania you can get a message to outside ? nanette just one . 140 character maximum . packer who be you go to contact ? nanette flash a smile . 35 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 48. int . callister inc . - elevator / lobby - day 35 nanette , stand in the elevator listen to she ear bud and exit into callister inc 's lobby ... ... which be now festoon with christmas decoration . even elena the receptionist wear novelty antler as she fiddle with she smartphone . nanette hey Elena . as nanette pass toward the office she hear she phone ping . it 's a email . ROBERT daly invite you to join infinity . nanette open the e-mail and stand read for a moment . beneath the ' sign up now ' icon be a message ; this be not spam . daly have stolen you identity . I am you and i'm trapped in modded infinity . help I . contact cyber pol ! nanette read the message , thoroughly confuse . Elena assume there 's a problem with she pass . elena you need I buzz you in ? nanette wh - oh . no - uh . she put she phone away and look for she pass . karl appear from behind , and proffer he own . karl I will get that for you nanette thanks . karl after you . int . callister inc - office - day 36 more decoration . nanette head across the floor , still slightly think about the email . look at she phone . USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 49 , 36 continued : 36 she see Robert Daly walk ahead of she . nanette Mr Daly , hi . he look up . a bit flustered . daly uh , hey . nanette you do not send I a infinity invite just now do you ? daly what ? no. what ? nanette it be really weird , it have this message attach , about people " trap in the game " . daly think fast . daly probably a spambot , firewall do not always get they all . nanette that 's what I think . weirdest thing . it go to my personal account , not my work mail . daly hacker get creative . I would not worry about it . do not open the link do you ? nanette God , no . daly maybe upgrade you security software I guess . nanette yeah . well . have a good one . she turn and head back to she desk . Daly pass walton 's office , peer in . Walton be walk around casually strumm a unplugge electric guitar . Daly glower . 37 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 50 . int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 37 walton be methodically bang he head on a desk . slowly . bang. pause . bang. pause . bang. pause . eventually : packer could you cut that out ? walton try to make it a hobby . suddenly the light turn up - the hum of the ship waking up . shania this be way too early . he 's only be at work a few hour . nanette she get the message . I do . it 's I . or the cop most likely . ( smile ) we be get out of here . shania look less convinced . they look at the door -- as it slide open ... to reveal captain daly . glowering . nanette glance at the crew . this be bad . daly walk to the display screen and gaze out into space . captain daly what be Space fleet ? ( Dark , quiet ) I ' 1l tell you what it be . it 's a belief system , found on the very best of human nature . it 's a goal for we to strive towards , for the betterment of the universe , the betterment of life itself . he turn to face they . captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( petulant rage ) and you asshole be fuck it up ! nanette step forward . nanette it be I . I send the message . no one else be involved , I swear . captain daly stare at she . 37 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 51 . continued : 37 captain daly I try the carrot . now meet the stick . daly raise he hand , emperor-style . shania look worried . nanette turn defiant . nanette none of this be ever gonna make you happy , Daly . cos you be sick . you be sick and you need to get help . daly stretch out he hand . shania have to intervene . shania do not ! ( beat ) Captain . please . she 's new . she 'il behave . we will all behave . just -- let she off . just this once . daly think . he lower he hand . captain daly okay . he smile . and then aim he hand at shania . nanette no -- no - too late . daly concentrate -- and shania start to convulse . she scream in agony and drop to the floor . nanette ( cont 'd ) please no ! Daly no ! shania mutate into a arachnajax . the metamorphosis be agonise . her scream become more animal , guttural . nanette look at captain daly , coldly look back at she as the arachnajax roar out in pain . captain daly know what make I happy ? the look on you face right now . he turn to the rest of the crew . captain daly ( cont ’d ) ( about arachnajax ) dudani , Walton , tulaska -- throw that thing in the brig with valdack . packer , find a barren planet we can dump she on . ( turn to nanette ) ( more ) 37 38 39 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 captain daly ( cont ’d ) and you . you can just stay here . think about you attitude . the crew glumly set about they task , dudani and co shepherd shania / arachnajax to the brig while packer go to he navigation computer . captain daly ( cont ’d ) exit game . he vanish . nanette sit down , defeat . int . USS callister - corridor - later 38 nanette stand by the window , stare out into deep space . she 's crying . utterly break . but then something catch she eye . out the window , in the depth of space - a light . something be happen . she wipe the tear and snot on she sleeve , look out to see out in space -- a cluster of star swirl together , suck in debris from around they - form a funnel shape ... a wormhole be forming in space in the distance . she look at the access panel screen beside the window . it kick into life . incomprehensible data scrolling down the screen . nanette study it . it 's code ! she realize what 's happen . nanette ( to herself ) update patch . ( beat ; louder ) the update patch ! she run toward the bridge . int . USS callister - bridge - moment later 39 nanette be beside packer , as he look at a galactic map on he display . the wormhole be depict on it , a distance away . nanette tap the wormhole . packer so what . it 's a wormhole . the door slide open , the remainder of the crew slouch in . nanette uh-uh . it 's the Christmas update patch , pre-installing itself . ( more ) 39 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 continued : nanette ( cont 'd ) the wormhole be just how the game 's express the uplink . packer so ? dudani understand what 's happen . dudani so Daly 's custom build be still connect to the internet . nanette ( nodd ) some way , somehow -- walton cut in . walton if this be another one of you ' ' plan ' , just stop now before someone else get monster - fied -- nanette this can work . dudani but we can not get online access from the ship , he ’1ll have crippled permission . nanette yes , but -- what happen if we fly into the wormhole ? packer like on purpose ? dudani have work it out . his eye widen . dudani we would hit the system firewall -- and have we rogue coding delete . nanette exactly . packer deleted as in --? tulaska - as in die . dudani whether it 's ' die 's would depend largely on you philosophical position regard sentient co - 53 . 39 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 54 , 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 nanette ( cut in ) we would cease to exist . that 's true . but we would be free . ( beat ) we would be free . the crew go quiet . think about what she 's say . dudani but this be academic since we have no mean of get to the wormhole - packer yeah we can only pilot the damn thing while Daly 's here . he will stop we like that . nanette think . nanette how about when he 's logge in but on pause ? like when he pizza come ? he be just freeze there - dudani Flying would be possible -- ( nodd at map ) -- but that wormhole 's a whole parsec away ; we would never reach it before he get back . nanette nod . think . nanette unless we can stall he longer . tulaska and that we do how ? nanette we would need help from outside . from real I again . tulaska worked good last time ... packer how we mean to contact " real you " again anyhow ? nanette ( to dudant ) if we can get Daly 's omnicorder , we can make a call , right ? USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 55 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 dudani that 's correct , theoretically , but -- nanette well , if we can get real I on the phone , I may have some ... leverage . packer leverage on yourself ? nanette uh-huh . they stare blankly at she . packer like what ? nanette ( almost reluctant ) my photocloud account . I know the password - obviously . there be some ... interesting image in there . that I shoulda delete a while back . but do not . ( beat ; deep breath ) so we can blackmail I . pretty sure I would do anything to stop that picture get out . tulaska must be pretty picture . nanette look if this be gonna work , we have all gotta be in on it . there 's a pause while they consider .. packer Flying into certain death in a wormhole beat another 10,000 year with Captain ass . I be in . dudani I too . they look at tulaska . tulaska also I . walton suddenly pipe up from across the room . walton well I be out USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 56 . 39 continued : ( 4 ) 39 they stare at he . walton ( cont ’d ) Daly 's win . we just gotta get on with it . we do not have a chance . nanette round on he . nanette yes we do . we hit that wormhole , we be extinct . go . rid of he shit . walton ( bitterly ) sound peachy . nanette get closer . nanette what 's with you ? do not you wanna fight back ? why will not you fight back ? walton Tommy . no- one know what he 's talk about . nanette who 's Tommy ? walton my son . he 's six year old . least he be when I wake up in here . ( beat ) see , in the early day of this ship , it be just I and Daly in here . I be he pet project . he try just about everything to break I . I withstood it all . cos I think there be still a chance I could get out . see my boy again . ( beat ) and I be right . I do get to see he again . just not the real he . as walton continue to speak we see glimpse from the past : 40 int . callister inc . -- two year earlier 40 slow - mo , dreamlike . we see real walton show he son tommy round the office . greeting karl , dudani ( awkwardly ) , nate . shania give tommy a red lollipop . he start sucking it . 40 4l 42 43 44 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 57 . continued : 40 walton ( v.o. ) Daly tell I what happen . back in the outside , real I bring Tommy into the office one day . want to show he around . he would have love see all the computer , he 's into that stuff . ( beat ) anyhow evidently , Tommy have a lollipop that day . tommy put the lollipop down on a desk absent-mindedly . pull focus to see daly look at it . int . daly apartment - night 41 we see daly remove the lollipop from a plastic bag with tweezer , place it in he petri dish device . walton ( v.o . ) that be all Daly need . int . USS callister - bridge - flashback 42 in slow - mo , captain daly lead tommy onto the bridge . walton be the only other crew member . his face light up , but he 's also concerned . walton ( v.o. ) he copy he into here . and it be Tommy alright . alike in every way . captain daly grab hold of tommy before he can run to he dad suddenly we be back in the present , on the bridge - int . USS callister - bridge - present day 43 Walton 's voice be crack . nanette be silence , listen . walton you know what he do to he ? int . USS callister - corridor - flashback 44 slow - mo still as captain daly drag a scream tommy down the corridor , towards the airlock with the access panel . walton ( v.o . ) he take Tommy and he throw he out the airlock . right out into space . make I watch . 44 45 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 58 . continued : 44 we see walton stare out of the window , scream and howling in slow motion , horrify by what he can see ... int . USS callister - bridge - present day 45 walton be in tear now . walton have you ever see a unsuite body compress in space ? they freeze . and crack . like a porcelain doll . I take my hat off to Daly , the detail in this place really be exceptional . everyone be stunne . horrify . walton ( cont 'd ) he say he would do it again . and again . if he have to . ( beat ) I can not let he do that to Tommy . never again . ( beat ) Daly 's still get he DNA . get all we DNA . he tell I . keeps it ina bedroom mini-fridge by he desk . so I have to stay in line . ( beat ) because even if we all die , he can bring we back . he can bring Tommy back -- whenever he want . and God know how he would take it out on he . God know what he would do . but I tell you this . he have make we watch . packer Holy shit . walton ( tear in he eye ) so you see ? what choice do I have ? ( break down ) what choice ? nanette be close . she hold he . and then she look he in the eye with all the conviction she can muster and she say : nanette Walton . we be gonna get that fuck lollipop . ( beat ) but you gotta believe I . can you do that ? can you ? he look at she , uncertain . 46 47 48 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 59 . int . daly apartment - front door / corridor - night 46 we notice a uniform christmas wreath on the door , as the house light up as daly enter and head to he bedroom . int . daly apartment - bedroom - night 47 once inside , daly sit down at he game desk . there 's now a slightly pathetic mini-christmas tree on it . grab a chocolate milk from he fridge . we see the lollipop and the other DNA bag . he slurp , pop the vr disc on he temple . boot up the game . a LED flash . his eye mist over . he go limp . he 's in . int . USS callister - bridge - moment later 48 captain daly bound in . and smile as he see nanette be sit dutifully at the comm desk . captain daly ( to nanette ) good to see you at you position Cole . nanette ( salute ) Captain - you have come at just the right time . captain daly I have ? nanette ( nod ) I be pick up a distress signal from the surface of skillane iv . look like a crash shuttle . ( beat ) what should we do ? captain daly Space fleet never turn its back on that who need we help . dudani , set a course for skillane iv -- dudani aye aye sir 48 49 50 51 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 60 . continued : 48 captain daly we will send a search party . ( beat ; turn round ) packer , tulaska -- nanette ( cut in ) actually Captain - I be think maybe you could take I alone . as science officer I need to learn the rope . and I could use you close attention . daly be flustered . it take he a while to respond . captain daly good idea . ext . alien planet surface - later 49 nanette and captain daly transport down onto a warm , craggy planet surface . arid mountain , lush lake . daly take out he omnicorder , scan the area . nanette eye the device hungrily . captain daly atmosphere 's good . Daly spot the shuttle up ahead . it 's the size of a minivan . captain daly ( cont ’d ) over there . he lead the way . behind , nanette exhales . so far so good . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 50 the crew be gather around dudani 's control panel , watch a wireframe map with a gps dot on it , indicate daly and nanette 's position . they be wait for something . we turn to see they face as we hear daly say : captain daly ( v.o. ) no sign of life here . shuttle be desert . ext . alien planet surface - moment later 51 captain daly and nanette stand a short distance from the shuttle . daly be talk into the omnicorder . there be a shimmer lake nearby . nanette look at it and think . 51 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 61 . continued : 51 captain daly we will scout the area , check for any life form . Daly out . nanette start walk toward the lake . daly look confuse . captain daly ( cont ’d ) Cole , we should head out this way . ( beat ) Cole ? nanette unzip she uniform , slip it off ( she wear a sport bra and underwear beneath ) . captain daly avert he eye -- then stop averting they . captain daly ( cont ’d ) wh- what be you do ? nanette swim in up to she neck and turn around , smile . nanette ohmygod the water 's great . daly 's flustered . he 's simultaneously annoyed and mesmerise . nanette ( cont 'd ) come on in ! captain daly swim 's a leisure activity . we be on Space fleet duty . nanette dive and resurface , smile . nanette we could always say I start drown . you have to come in to rescue I ... ( beat ) come on in , my big Captain ... daly think . he 's shy but want to join she . he start slip off he clothes too ( he have boxer on beneath ) . daly carefully fold he clothes and lay they on the ground . put the omnicorder on top of they and head in to the water . nanette ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) gonna take all day ? as daly walk toward the water , smile at nanette , we see the omnicorder start to glow . it 's be teleported ... 52 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 62. int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 52 the omnicorder re-appear on the bridge . dudani scoops it up as the rest of the crew look on anxiously . dudani okay , gotta patch it in . dudani sit the omnicorder on he workstation panel , a connect circle appear beneath it . he 's in . everyone look up to the main bridge screen , which now display a search engine page . dudani navigate to the login page of nanettex photocloud account . dudani ( cont 'd ) it work . I be connect . gonna access she photocloud account . packer you actually remember that password ? dudani ( from memory ) uppercase y 998 lowercase g-p-7 uppercase ty ampersand 4 . ( add approvingly as he type it in ) secure choice . the screen switch to a iphoto style gallery of nanette 's personal photo . pretty innocuous stuff so far . tulaska bore life . everyone 's stare at they as dudani scroll down . dudani there 's a thousand image here . this could take a while to find -- dudani focus on he workstation . then as they scroll down , we watch the crew 's face . we see a picture of nanette grin in a swanky hotel room . take a selfie in the bathroom mirror . then another one -- she shoulder strap be down . and another -- everyone react -- eye widen at what they be see . packer woah . even tulaska be momentarily impressed . she crane she neck . 52 53 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 63. continued : 52 tulaska that be gymnastic physique . walton Nice ... bedding . packer swallow like he 's see the face of God . there 's a pause as they all stare mesmerise . dudani should I keep scrolling ? after a while of watch , wide eye . walton I would say any of the last nine will do . packer ( swallow ) uh-huh . int . callister inc . - night . 53 at a desk in the corner real dudani sit type into he system . not far away the real nanette sit at she workstation , also work late . earbud in . shania head past , head out for the holiday . she playfully bounce a stress ball off nanette 's head as she approach . nanette pop out she earbud . nanette thank you . go out for the night ? shania hello , it 's Christmas Eve . out of this place for like ten day . ( beat ) you will fuse with that desk , go home . nanette I will , just gotta finish off ... shania well okay . merry Christmas loser . nanette smile . shania leave . nanette 's about to put the earbud back in when she phone ping . message from anonymous . she look confuse , tap it open . nanette cole . remember that week in vega ? nanette be eye widen . she seem to know what that mean . 53 54 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 64 . continued : 53 then a photo message arrive . the bathroom mirror selfie . nanette react , horrify . nanette oh God , elliot you asshole . another message appear . another image with the headline ; ps - this isn't elliot . she frown -- then the phone ring in she hand : anonymous . nanette let it ring for a moment . shock and panic override everything . then she answer it , to hear a gravelly voice . we intercut with the bridge to show walton say the follow into a mic , with a hand over he mouth to make he voice sound mysterious : walton ( 0.c. ) nanette Cole . we have hack you photocloud account . nanette who be this ? what do you want ? walton ( 0.c . ) do exactly as instruct or first thing Christmas Morning you entire gallery will be share with you friend and family . ( beat ) and pornhub . ( at that last line we see tulaska look at walton unimpress . he shrug -- he think it be a nice touch . ) a beat ; fear in nanette be eye . she gulp . hold she brow . nanette okay . whatever you want . I will do anything . just -- I will do anything . walton then listen to we instruction carefully . there be not much time . get you coat on . ( beat ) now ! real nanette jerk to attention and immediately stand up . ext . alien planet surface - continuous 54 daly bob beside nanette . he glance back to the shore . 54 55 56 57 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 65 . continued : 54 captain daly we should probably head back -- nanette ( hurriedly ) help I be drown ! he whip he head back round . nanette ( cont 'd ) oh , it 's okay . just - forget how to swim for a moment . haha ! daly smile awkwardly at she . she 's act a little odd . then she splashes he playfully with water . daly 's almost angry . then he smile -- he smile -- and splashes she back . ext . daly apartment block - balcony - night 55 Real nanette climb over a balcony -- nervously -- and once safe , peek into daly window . she see he lie limp in he chair , plugge into the game , but he back be to she . nanette ( into earpiece ) in position . intercut with the bridge of the USS callister : walton ok . we will hang up now . make the call and do not fail the rest of you mission . nanette I will -- int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 56 walton you better . walton tap the omnicorder off and hand it to dudani . dudani okay , send it back down . ext . alien planet surface - continuous 57 as daly and nanette frolic in the water , the omnicorder rematerialise on top of he pile of clothing . 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 66 . continued : 57 daly bob underwater for a moment . a quick glimpse of nanette 's smile fade - then reappearing as he resurface . ext . daly 's apartment - balcony - night 58 Real nanette make a phonecall . adjust she earpiece . nanette ( on phone ) yeah , I would like to order a pizza . int . daly 's apartment block - hallway - later 59 a pizza guy arrive . check it 's 102 . pushes a buzzer . int . daly apartment - continuous 60 the display panel by the door go bing bong . ext . alien planet surface - lake - continuous 61 as nanette and daly splash each other , laugh , on the shore , daly 's omnicorder light up and emit the same bing bong sound as the doorbell . both he and nanette look round . nanette guess you better get that ? int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 62 daly lie limp in the chair , eye glaze , as the bing-bong continue . ext . alien planet surface - shore - continuous 63 daly , still in he boxer , grab the omnicorder . look at it . captain daly it 's the door . ( beat ) pause game . he 's freeze in position . nanette quickly grab the omnicorder from he hand , tap something and speak into it . nanette dudani ? pick I up . 63 64 65 66 67 68 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 67 . continued : 63 she chuck the omnicorder down onto daly 's clothes , gather she own clothes and start to dematerialise ... int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 64 .-. and rematerialises on the bridge , still in underwear , clutching she clothes . nanette okay . we do not have much time . she quickly start to dress . her and packer share a glance for a moment -- packer look away -- he 's embarrassed . nanette briefly remember the photo . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 65 daly snap out of the game , take off the vr disc and place it on he desk . the bing bong noise continue . daly come ! ext . daly 's apartment block - balcony - continuous 66 real nanette watch through the glass as daly head for the door . as soon as he 's go , she open the balcony door . int . daly apartment - night 67 daly stand by the door . he talk into the control panel . daly hello ? pizza delivery guy ( 0.c. ) pizza . daly I do not order pizza . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 68 quietly , real nanette sneak up to daly 's desk , pick up the vr experiencer disc , put it in a pocket and replace it with a identical copy . then she quickly open the mini -fridge and look at the lollipop bag . she stare at it , bemuse for a moment -- USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 68 . 68 continued : 68 nanette ( hushed ) the hell be I do ? -- then stuff it -- and the other bag - in she pocket . she quickly fish she phone out and tap something . 69 int . USS callister - bridge - deep space 69 nanette be quickly dress , while on the main screen , a star chart be on display . walton be plotting a course . suddenly there 's a ding and a large notification on the screen . friend invite accepted ! from nanette cole nanette that 's the signal ! she 's get the DNA ! ( beat ) all of it . Tommy too . she look at walton , who be relieved beyond belief . nanette ( cont 'd ) ( to packer ) packer , we ready to fly ? packer uh-huh . a beat . nanette well ? packer you be suppose to say something like ' engage ' or ' increase through - - nanette just fuck go . packer nod , engage thruster . the ship speed into space . 70 int . daly apartment - front door / corridor - continuous 70 pizza delivery guy man someone order it . you want it or not ? daly hold on . 70 71 72 73 74 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 69 . continued : 70 daly open the door . he take the pizza , beep a contactless card onto the pizza guy 's payment widget . daly ( cont 'd ) thanks . pizza delivery guy hey , I get it here in under twenty . ( beat ) there 's suppose to be thirty in it for I . daly look at he blankly for a moment , then shut the door . pizza delivery guy ( cont 'd ) what the fuck asshole ? int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 71 the real nanette hear the door shut . she freeze . int . daly apartment - - continuous 72 daly take a slice , pleased with he bounty . tuck in . the digital doorbell bleep . we see on the control panel the pizza delivery guy still at the door . demand he tip . pizza delivery guy come on man you promise ... daly tap the screen . select do not disturb mode . int . daly apartment block - hallway - continuous 73 to the pizza delivery guy 's dismay , the little screen with the apartment number on it change to read do not disturb . there 's a auto-lock sound . pizza guy try the doorbell again but now it 's silent . a beat . then he give up . pizza delivery guy Nice . merry Christmas asshole ! he turn and stomp away . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 74 daly enter he bedroom , chew a slice of pizza . he look around . something odd , perhaps ? 74 75 76 77 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 70 . continued : 74 he look at the window . walk over to it . ext . daly 's apartment block - balcony - continuous 75 real nanette duck down so he can not see she . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 76 daly draw the curtain shut and walk back to he desk . he sit down , pick up the vr disc . put it on he temple . daly resume game . nothing . he peel the disc off and blow on it . daly ( cont 'd ) resume game . still nothing . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 77 on the display , star whizz past . but nanette be anxious . nanette can not we go any faster ? that dud disc be not gonna fool he forever . update 's gonna complete before long and that mean bye bye wormhole . packer point at he galactic map , show the route . packer only quick route would be through that asteroid belt there . nanette so let 's go that way ! walton it 's way too dense . dudani if the ship break up we would not die , we would just be leave spin in space - — 77 78 79 80 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 71 . continued : 77 walton - until Daly work out what 's happen . he would find we and fuck we over . nanette nod , still impatient . int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 78 have inspect it , daly give up with the vr disc . daly stupid thing . he toss it across the room , open a drawer . rustles through bric-a-brac , old paperclip and the like . at the back he find a brand new vr disc in shrink wrapped tasteful package . ( it 's a small box -- about the size of the little square case a pair of Apple earbud come in - NB maybe it 's a tckr - brand product ? ) he rip it open . Quick cut as fumble and put the new disc on he temple . daly ( cont 'd ) resume game . ext . alien planet surface - shore - continuous 79 captain daly , still in he underwear , suddenly spring into life . he 's confuse for a moment by the lack of a omnicorder in he hand . captain daly okay Lt. Cole , let 's head for -- ( beat ) Cole ? he look around . where be she ? he scoops up he omnicorder . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 80 tulaska sit up as daly 's voice come through on a speaker . captain daly Daly to bridge . what 's go on ? nanette shit . he have a backup disc . ( to tulaska ) do not answer he ! 81 82 83 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 72. ext . alien planet surface - shore - continuous 81 daly come in ? ( beat ) goddamnit . he look around . spot the shuttle in the distance . trudges towards it . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 82 dudani note something on he display . dudani uh-oh . the wormhole . it 's decrease in size . nanette upload must be in the last few percent . dammit packer , we be gonna have to go through the belt . ( beat ) think you can do it ? packer think I can try . they watch anxiously as the display swerve to show the asteroid belt . ext / int . shuttle - continuous 83 on the alien planet , captain daly be inside the shuttle . he tap a few button on the dash . system hum into life . computer ship . Computer . on. captain daly Computer , where be the USS callister ? computer USS callister be on course . captain daly on course for where ? computer the wormhole . a beat . 83 84 85 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 continued : captain daly what wormhole ? computer the update vortex . a penny drop . woah . woah . captain daly son of bitch . ( beat ) prepare for takeoff . he hit some control . the engine start up . ext . deep space 73 . 83 84 the callister swerve through the asteroid belt , narrowly avoid calamity . a small rock bounce off the hull . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous the crew lean this way and that , as packer pilot they between spin chunks of space rock . tulaska shield at 86 percent . suddenly dudani note something on he computer . dudani I have get a heat signature . look like a shuttle just take off from skillane iv . nanette Daly . tulaska incoming transmission . 85 she hit a button and we intercut with captain daly , speak into a handset on board the shuttle , which be now in space . captain daly ( 0.c . ) I know you can hear I . whatever you think you be go to do will not work . but it be go to cost you . nanette ( to packer ) let 's go faster ! packer we be already at maximum . 85 86 87 88 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 74 . continued : 85 dudani Daly can not touch we unless he make it on board . and that shuttle 's a jalopy . he will not catch we in time . nanette I hope you be right . just then -- clong ! another small asteroid collide with the ship . the crew rock about a little more . tulaska shield 58 percent . ext . shuttle - deep space - continuous 86 daly 's shuttle be whizzing through the inky dark . int . shuttle - deep space - continuous 87 daly continue hurl insult at they : captain daly if you think what have happen to you in the past be bad , that be nothing . what I be go to do you be go to be god damn biblical ... int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 88 daly 's voice echoe round the bridge as packer continue to weave through the rock . captain daly ( v.o. ) I be go to literally turn you inside out , but I will keep you alive , in jar -- nanette why be we listen to this ? tulaska nod , hit a button . daly 's rant be cut off . tulaska yes fuck he . packer we be at the edge of the belt ... I think we be gonna make it ... nanette smile . 89 90 91 92 93 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 75 . ext . USS callister - continuous 89 he speak too soon . just as the callister exit the asteroid field , one asteroid collide with callister 's hull . it ding away , cause damage . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 90 thump ! rumble ! the crew be jerk around . then : tulaska shield critical , 6 percent -- suddenly there 's a heavy groan sound from the engine . nanette what be that ? dudani ( study screen ; worried ) the primary drive . it 's not respond . packer I have lose all thrust ! ( beat ) engine not respond . ( beat ) we be drift here . ext . USS callister - continuous 91 sure enough , the ship be drift in space . powerless . int . shuttle - continuous 92 the ship 's computer announce : computer USS callister have lose engine power . captain daly come to get you ! he accelerate a little more . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 93 all hope be lose . no - one know what to do . packer what do we do ? USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 76 . 93 continued : 93 everyone look at nanette . she 's in the captain 's chair . nanette I do not know ... ( to dudant ) any way we can fix the engine ? dudani that 's only feasible manually . by climb inside the jet feeder . nanette so -- packer so you would burn to a crisp when the jet come on . dudani you would burn without die . nanette then one of we have to go . sudden wide shot . walton be not there . suddenly - a voice : walton ( 0.c . ) one of we already have . nanette Walton ? 94 int . jet feeder tube - continuous 94 the jet feeder tube be a bit like the interior of a giant jet engine . Dark and lot of pipe and stuff . walton be in there , with some tool . wrenching at something in the wiring . he now have a comm earpiece in he ear . walton ( strain as he wrench something ) pretty sure I can fix this ... nanette Walton , be you sure about this ? walton keep he eye fix on the task . walton I be sure . ( beat ) tulaska , can you patch I through to Daly ? 95 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 77 . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 95 nanette look at tulaska . she nod . tulaska patch through . intercut all three -- the crew on the bridge as they listen , walton in the jet feeder and daly in the shuttle . walton Daly ? can you hear I ? captain daly Walton you be gonna pay for this -- walton Robert , listen - captain daly -- I be gonna bring Tommy back in -- walton Robert -- captain daly and God so help I you be gonna regret this all so hard -- walton bob I wanna talk to you here ! daly shut up , momentarily chasten . walton ( cont 'd ) I be think I should say sorry . as walton talk he continue tinkering with a space-spanner . captain daly go on . walton you create infinity . you be a genius . I exploit that . treated you like the golden goose . get fat on the profit . ( beat ) figuratively speak . ( beat ) I be think I oughta say I should have appreciate you more . shoulda treat you better . daly do not speak for a moment -- this be touch he . 95 96 97 98 99 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 78 . continued : 95 walton ( cont ’d ) yeah . I be think I should say all that . ( beat ) but you throw my son out of a airlock . so fuck you to death . and with that he wrench something -- and the jet roar . walton be incinerated , scream . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 96 walton 's scream be cut off - the feed die . engine roar . packer we get power back ! he yank a thruster . ext . USS callister - continuous 97 the engine roar -- and the ship hurtle for the wormhole . int . shuttle - continuous 98 daly anxiously look ahead . a little graphic display show he shuttle be gaining on the USS callister . computer callister at 4 km and close . captain daly faster ! computer speed already at maximum . captain daly whatever , just catch they ! int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 99 dudani wormhole almost close . nanette ( to packer ) keep she steady ... packer sweat as he pilot the craft . 99 100 101 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 79 . continued : 99 nanette ( cont 'd ) steady ... ext . deep space - near wormhole - continuous 100 the callister approach the shrink wormhole ... we intercut with the crew hold its breath : nanette steady ... and with daly , shouting : captain daly come on ! and with tulaska say : tulaska I hope we be go to die . and then ... the USS callister slip into the wormhole - - which wink shut behind they . and daly 's shuttle zip past , miss the aperture . captain daly godammit ! int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 101 Wild , bright light on the display . like the falcon go into hyperspace . the crew stand together . look into infinity . they slowly , silently hold hand in a final act of solidarity . the entire bridge distort . elongate . spin . Strobe lighting . impressionistic face of the crew . like the black hole segment in 2001 : a Space odyssey . and then -- blackness total blackness and then suddenly : USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 80 . 102 int . USS callister - bridge - moment later 102 something 's change . the bridge layout be the same , but the colour scheme be more modern . the display graphic be notably more high - tech . we have jj abram lens flare . even the crew costume be more modern . the woman 's outfit less revealing . they look down at themselves . nanette what 's happen ? dudani the mod 's go . Daly 's Space fleet mod . it 's be stripped away by the firewall . they glance at tulaska -- she 's human again ! tulaska look down at she own skin . tulaska okay so this be good . packer we be still alive ? dudani look at he display . dudani yeah it only erase the Space fleet mod . nanette we be not on Daly 's computer any more . ( beat ) we be in the cloud . but tulaska look worried . tulaska where 's Daly ? dudani look at he display . dudani firewall 's delete he rogue gamecode . and he control be disabled . nanette you mean --? dudani nod , with a smile . dudani he 's stick there . 103 104 105 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 81. ext . deep space - other side of wormhole 103 daly 's shuttle thrum through space . suddenly -- the star start to disappear . all of they . rapidly twinkle out of existence . computer update complete . wormhole close . int . shuttle - continuous 104 Daly frantically punch button . computer control be disabled . daly no no no - int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 105 the crew sit on the bridge , look at the universe . just then they hear the door OPEN and a triumphant voice : shania arsehole ! they spin around . shania and valdack have just enter . karl be now in infinity costume , as be the rest of the crew . shania ( cont 'd ) brig unlock itself . karl my valdack outfit turn into this ! shania yeah Karl , more to the point I be not a fuck beetle thing anymore . ( beat ) get my body back , I mean my full body back . guess we all do . packer think . peer inside he own pant . and grin like a man who 's discover he penis now exist again after a long period of absence . because that 's what have happen . nanette so what do we do now ? 105 106 107 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 82 . continued : 105 dudani we have get a infinite procedurally generate universe at we disposal . we can go anywhere . nanette gaze at the heaven on the monitor , awestruck . nanette Holy mackerel . int . shuttle - continuous 106 daly notice it 's get darker . he 's worried . captain daly what 's happen ? computer rogue universe detect ... deletion in process ... captain daly no! no ! undelete ! undelete ! computer ( voice slow down ) my mind be go ... I can feel it .. the computer fall silent . the light in the shuttle dim . captain daly exit game . nothing . captain daly ( cont ’d ) exit game ! a penny drop . he panic . captain daly ( cont 'd ) exit game ! exit fucking game ! int . daly apartment - bedroom - continuous 107 the real daly sit limp in the chair . eye glaze . mouth slightly open . unable to move . the vr disc on he temple . the mini Christmas tree glow in the dark . we slowly drift away ... 108 109 110 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 83. int . daly 's apartment block - hallway - continuous 108 we pull away from daly 's apartment door with its Christmas wreath -— - past the screen that read ; do not disturb and pull further out to see ... ext . daly 's apartment block - continuous 109 «+ . the entire building . snow swirl . sleighbells tinkling . passer - by walk past , oblivious . int . USS callister - bridge - continuous 110 tulaska see something on a monitor . tulaska incoming transmission ! they all spin to look at she . tulaska ( cont ’d ) it say gamer691 -- dudani that 's ... a playertag . another ship . another player -- nanette we be online . patch they through ! she nod and tap something . nanette ( cont 'd ) hello ! hey ! this be the crew of the USS callister . man , be we glad to -- she 's cut off by the sound of a obnoxious 13 - year old boy : teenager ( 0.c . ) yeah , merry Christmas , so be we gonna blow each other or be we gonna trade ? nanette um - — nanette open she mouth , to be cut off again -- USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 84 . 110 continued : 110 teenager hello -o ? do you have anything to trade at all ? nanette no , uh - teenager so why do you respond ? ok just get the hell out of my quadrant or I 'il blast you to shit . you get ten second . shania ( yell at teen ) oh do try -- we will photon bolt you right up the perineum , you stupid little boy . teenager five second ! shania come on then . nanette see this be go to get out of control . nanette okay nate -- uh helmsman packer teenager ( 0.c. ) five ... packer yes Captain ? teenager ( 0.c. ) four. shania this kid -- nanette stick we in hyperwarp and let - fuck off somewhere . teenager ( 0.c. ) Three . packer aye aye , Captain . nanette really , nanette 's fine . packer aye aye , nanette . 110 111 USS callister . shoot script . 06.01.17 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 110 teenager ( 0.c. ) two. int . deep space - continuous will . the USS callister fire up its hyperwarp engine and zip off out of view leave behind the hectore voice of gamer 691 teenager ( 0.c . ) - one ! uh huh , you better run ! King of space , right here . ( beat ) King of space . the end