HorrorLair - blade ii script < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> < !-- google_ad_client = " pub-7685866183814465 " ; google_alternate_ad_url = " http://www.horrorlair.com/defaultad_486.html " ; google_ad_width = 468 ; google_ad_height = 60 ; google_ad_format = " 468x60_as " ; google_ad_channel = " 0948875253 " ; google_color_border = " cccc99 " ; google_color_bg = " cccc99 " ; google_color_link = " 333300 " ; google_color_url = " 666633 " ; google_color_text = " cc3300 " ; //--> blade ii -- by David goyer ext . community blood bank - night pull back from a neon red cross ablaze in the cold December night to reveal a inner-city , store - front clinic . trash and leave blow over wet , snowy pavement . angle on a pale figure stand across the street . he look feverish and strung - out , in serious need of a fix . this be jare nomak , 20 . he start towards the clinic . int . community blood bank - entrance - night potential donor sit in a wait area , fill out form , leaf through informational material . a sign in the window read : " se habla espanol " . other read : " you be making a difference " , " give life " , and " become a platelet donor " . we overhear a bored - look employee behind the information desk quiz someone over the phone : employee have you recently visit a tropical country ? uh-huh ? in the past twelve month have you get a tattoo , non sterile acupuncture , or undergone any ear , skin or body pierce ? we move past the employee to nomak , wait . nurse ( o.s. ) Jared nomak ? nomak look up . we get a better look at he face now - he have a thin scar run from he lower lip down he chin . a childhood accident , perhaps . a nurse smile and motion for he to join she . she 's carry a clipboard . nurse ( cont 'd ) hi . we be ready for you now . int . community blood bank - hallway - night nomak follow the nurse into a dimly - light hallway . we track they progress in a convex safety mirror suspend from the hallway ceiling as they pass all manner of medical supplies -- centrifuge , a apheresis device , etc . nurse ( refer to she clipboard ) I see from you questionnaire that you do not have any immediate next of kin ? nomak not that I be in contact with . nurse nobody to call in case of a emergency ? nomak no -- ( apprehensive ) do that mean I can not be a donor ? nurse it depend . we come up with some unusual result on you blood test . nomak follow the nurse to a steel door be two security guard await they . both look bored , pay little attention to the monitor which offer a view of the examine room beyond . there be also a small window with safety glass . guard # 1 open the door , follow nomak and the nurse inside . guard # 2 remain behind , man the hallway . int . community blood bank - examining room - night the nurse usher nomak into the room , indicate he should sit in a kind of recline dental chair with arm and headrest . nomak notice a security camera mount above . nomak ( anxious ) how unusual ? beat . the nurse set aside nomak 's file , look uncomfortable . nurse you blood have a very rare phenotype , one that 's quite valuable to people like we . nomak we ? what be you talk about ? a kind - face doctor enter , nodd to Guard # 1 . doctor it 's a good news - bad news scenario , Jared . good news for we , bad for you . the Doctor and nurse smile , baring fang . we realize now that they be both vampire . the Guard , too . he grip nomak by the throat , force he back into the restraint chair . as the vampire Guard do so , he hand brushes against nomak 's jaw . the flesh on nomak 's chin briefly separate along the scar - almost as if it be a seam . the guard pause - and nomak laugh . definitely not the reaction the vampire be expect from a potential victim . nomak start to shake and twitch , like he 's go into some kind of seizure . the white of he eye bleed red . he throw he head back , open he mouth as a pair of razor sharp canine extrude from he gum . this be longer , much more lethal - look than the fang of the vampire and -- nomak lash out , knock the Guard backwards . the nurse scream . nomak clamp he mouth onto she throat , slamming she back against the wall . the vampire Doctor rush to the door , scramble to unbolt it . nomak reach for he , howling with blood - drunk laughter as he lift the Doctor up . nomak fling the Doctor about like a toy , use he body to smash the light , then the security camera above . int . community blood bank - hallway - night we hear scream and horrible noise come from the examine room . Guard # 2 draw a gun and look to the security monitor with alarm . the screen go black . he look to the small window , try to peer into the now - darken room beyond -- splash ! a wave of blood smear across a window . a hand wipe a patch of blood away , revealing nomak 's baleful , distort eye . Guard # 2 start to back away when -- bang ! nomak slam against the other side of the steel door . bang ! bang !bang ! the door begin to bend , hand - shape impression bulg outward as nomak start to peel the door apart like it be a aluminum can . Guard # 2 have see enough . he turn and run even as the door cave inward off its hinge . forward momentum send the door slide across the hallway floor where it trip up the Guard . on the doorway as nomak step into the hallway . because of the light above , there be alternate pool of light and shadow in the hall . nomak advance towards we , he face come in and out of darkness . nomak vampire -- with each pool of light , he awful smile seem to distort further and further , until he mouth seem to be widen all the way back to he ear . nomak ( cont 'd ) I fuck hate vampire . on the floor , the vampire Guard cry out in fear , helplessly raise he hand to defend himself . nomak howl and leap towards he / we , black out the screen with he hurtle form as we -- CUT to : ext . inner -city back - alley - night boom ! a second -story door fly open and five vampire thug wannabe come spilling out . they race down a flight of stair , trip and tumble over themselves . in descend order , they be : rush , a pimp - out vanilla Ice clone wear Karl kani gear , follow by jigsaw , ST . cloud , t- bag and segura . blade exit just behind they , eschew the stair completely and vaulting over the railing . he unholster he mach pistol as he drop , firing it as he land in a cat- like stance on the snowy ground below -- BA - bang ! a silver - tip bullet punch through t- bag 's chest . he turn to ash even as he fellow vamp dash through the disintegrate cloud that use to be he body . the ember melt the snow where they land . a super- charge foot chase ensue , with hunter and prey move at speed in excess of anything a human would ever be capable of . we be talk thirty - five , even forty mile a hour . on blade running like a bull , condense vapor stream from he mouth and nostril . splash through puddle of icy water storming through barrier of plywood and razor wire , leaping over mountain of garbage bag . on the vampire as they flatten a length of cyclone fencing like it be crepe paper . they scramble up a obstacle of waste bin , leaping into the air -- back to blade pull out he twin-blade boomerang as he run . he fling the weapon . it twirl around , catch -- ST . cloud in mid - leap and cut the vampire completely in half . as the disintegrate halve of St. cloud fall to the side , blade storm over the waste bin . ext . inner - CITY - second alley - night the remain vampire stumble into a narrower alley where a group of bum be warming themselves over a series of oil drum fire . jigsaw slip , tripping over one of the burn oil drum , catch himself ablaze . he do not give a shit . he keep on run , barrel he way into -- int . noodle factory - night -- the back entrance of a cramped , sweat - shop . some kind of noodle factory fill with steam and equipment and yammering foreigners and -- -- here come blade , hot on the vampire ' heel , shoulder worker aside and -- ext . noodle factory - night -- rush and the remain vamp spill out onto the street where a number of motorcycle be wait for they -- two BMW r1200 motorbike and a trick - out panhead harley chopper with ape-hanger handlebar . rush and segura leap atop they bmw . jigsaw roll into a puddle of water , dousing himself , then jump onto he chopper . as the vamp peel out -- blade burst from the factory . segura revs he BMW , try to run he down . at the last second , blade pivot aside like a matador . segura circle around for another try . blade leap , somersault through the air , then land on the back of the bike behind segura . shinggg ! blade pull a retractable garrotte wire from the sleeve of he jacket and wrap it around segura 's throat . with a violent twist , blade decapitate segura . as the vampire 's headless body turn to ash before he , blade lean forward and take the control of the speed motorcycle . whoosh ! blade speed after the other vamp . ext . STREET - night rush and jigsaw gun they bike for all they be worth . up ahead , a line of construction barricade be block the way . the vampire power on through the barricade , then abruptly brake -- the overpass before they be under construction . there 's a twenty - foot gap in the road where a portion be miss , piece of re-bar poke out from the end of the prefabricate section . rush and jigsaw consider they option , but then they hear the roar of blade 's engine as he come scream over the rise in the road ! fuck it . rush power he chopper forward , make the jump , burn rubber as he land on the far side . jigsaw torque he handle and follow , rocketing towards the gap . on blade as he snap he hand up -- a trio of japanese throw star appear between he finger like a magician 's card . he fling the star at jigsaw 's bike -- the throw star hit jigsaw 's back tire and the bike go down , vomit SPARKS as it slide forward . jigsaw be flung forward like a ragdoll , out over the gap in the overpass and -- whunk ! jigsaw be impale on the protrude re-bar ! he howl , instantly disintegrate as blade make the jump ! up ahead rush cut onto a on-ramp , power he way onto the freeway . ext . freeway - night hyper-speed . rush slouches low , try to cut wind resistance and will he bike faster . he hazard a look back . blade be gain on he like demon of speed . rush pull a tec -9 , firing back at blade . it 's no good . blade be nearly upon he , unsheathe he sword from he back scabbard -- blade jab he sword forward into rush 's rear-wheel . the bike lock up , flip over , burst into flame . the whole scream wreck slew forward , showering SPARKS -- rush go fly onto the road , roll over and over , one of he leg snapping at a bone-break angle . as he lie there moaning , blade circle around , sweeping past rush 's decimate bike , retrieve he sward from the burn wreckage . blade kill the engine on he own bike and dismount . rush be pathetically try to drag he break body to safety . blade approach , place he boot heel on the back of rush 's neck , force he face against the asphalt . he unholster he mach , point it at the vampire 's bleed head . blade 's open line : blade tell I where he he now and I will consider you a loose end . CUT to : ext . moo - cow creamery - milk factory - night close on a peel wall mural -- smile 30 cartoon cow winking at we , lick she chop . the logo read : " tasty " . blade 's matte-black charger rumble into view and park in front of the abandon milk factory . blade step out , heaving a equipment sack onto he shoulder . int . warehouse - night three laconic vampire tough be play poker at a card table , deal out novelty nudie card . we hear a noise . one of the vampire approach a reinforce door . he slide open a view slot and peer through . nobody outside . the vampire turn back to he poker buddy , shrugging -- vampire nobody 's th -- before the vampire can even finish he sentence , blade 's sword punch straight through the door into he chest . he gasp and turn to ash as the sword disengage back out through the door and -- crash ! the door explode open , send cloud of burn vampire ember every which way . in walk blade , grin wickedly , mach ready -- as the other two vampire rise - pow ! a silver hollow - point hit the first one in the neck . pow ! another hollow - point take out the second . the vampire drop , turn to ash . blade holster he mach , stride through vampire ash pile . the place be eerily quiet here , in stark contrast to the mayhem of the last few minute . just the steady , low - pitch hum of machinery . blade start forward . up ahead , a faint glow be emit from behind a area that 's be section off with canvas tarp . blade sweep one of the tarp aside -- three large tank be hide inside . the first two be empty . a man be suspend within the third , bob weightlessly in a sea of red plasma . his long , gray hair float about he face , shroud he weathered feature . we be not sure if he 's sleep or dead . blade Old man , old man , what have they do to you -- whistler 's ace drift around into view . blade shake he head in sadness . he look about for a way to extract whistler , do not see any obvious mean , then -- crash ! blade kick through the glass . blood and fluid flood out around he as whistler 's limp body tumble partly down , but he 's still suspend by the wire and medical lead . blade unsheathes he sword , sever the wire -- whistler fall into he arm . blade cradle he , then -- the gunsmith 's eye abruptly snap open , flooding with rage . blade stagger back as the howling horror that use to be he mentor wrap he hand around blade 's throat , force he to the ground . whistler roar , revealing a set of jag fang . whistler why do not you finish I off ?!?! I tell you -- whistler slam the back of blade 's head against the concrete floor again and again , punctuate he word with each slam -- whistler ( cont 'd ) -- to -- fucking -- finish -- I -- off ! blade knee whistler in the ball . whistler let go , cupping he groin as blade heave he aside . blade strip off he gauntlet . whistler spring at he again . blade sink he fist deep in whistler 's stomach . as whistler double over , blade twist whistler 's hand behind he back , cuffing he wrist together with a pair of titanium manacle . blade pull a restraint hood from he equipment bag and quickly slip it over whistler 's head , cinching it tight . another beat . whistler do not stir . he 's down for the count . blade pause a moment , catch he breath as he lean on whistler 's still form . he 's exhaust . blade come on , whistler . he rise , heaving whistler 's body over he shoulder . blade ( cont 'd ) let 's go home . ext . the CITY - night blade 's batter charger knife through the snow - dust urban blight like a shadow . board up business , tent city , doorway bomb with graffiti throwups -- wherever this godforsake gomorrah be , it 's definitely a notch down on the misery scale from the city blade use to call home . up ahead , the sprawl level out , give way to a ice- bound harbor wreathe in fog . int . blade' charger - night blade drive on , inure to the sqaulor . he make peace with the darkness a long time ago . ext . shipyard - night the charger weave its way through a maze of scrap metal and rusty shipping container , home in on a sprawling warehouse that 's be cordon off by cyclone fencing and razor wire . utlra-violent floodlight illuminate the area , while security camera keep a watchful eye . int . warehouse - industrial elevator - night more UV light flicker on . we be in a massive load elevator / platform which hum as it ascend , eventually reach its destination with a booming clang . the door at the rear glide open . blade guide the charger out . int . scude workshop - night Santa 's workshop by way of soldier of fortune . industrial equipment be strewn everywhere . Mills , old furnace , gut vehicle , a ad hoc surgical theater . we also notice the big rig which scud have be piloting . because of various leak overhead pipe , the floor be slick with a sheen of water . blade kill he charger , look around as he climb out . blade scud ! blade 's voice echoes throughout the cavernous room . SCUD ( o.s. ) lock up you daughter , people -- angle on SCUD a handlebar moustach , weed - suck stoner . thrift-store chic , wear a Jimmy Walker " dyn-o - mite ! " T-shirt . SCUD ( cont 'd ) the Dark knight return . scud be lowering himself down from the ceiling on a rope and pulley system where he would be suspend in a safety harness , do some kind of electrical wiring job . he reach the floor and unclip himself . we notice he 's wear a surfer 's charm around he neck that 's be strung with vampire fang . scud pull a half - smoke roach from behind he ear , use a lighter in the shape of a woman 's torso to fire up . the flame jet from a hole in one of she tit . he take a spicoli-size hit and offer the roach to blade . SCUD ( cont 'd ) Little toke of the smokage , B ? blade slap it from he hand . blade knock it off . we have get work to do . blade open the trunk . scud join he . whistler be inside . blade unfasten the hood , slip it off . immediately , whistler sit up , lunging at blade ! SCUD fuck I ! blade get whistler in a headlock , choke he as he drag he out of the trunk . it 's like try to wrestle a rabid pit bull . he look to scud , annoyed . blade you go to stand there crapping you pants or be you go to help I ?! scud step forward , tentative . together , he and blade drag whistler kick and scream across the workshop , force he into a small , cell - like room . int . scude workshop - cell - night whap ! blade throw whistler onto the concrete floor , pin he as scud quickly slip a series of chain around he which have be secure to the wall . the opposite wall be cover by a series of steel shutter . as whistler continue to thrash , blade affix a muzzle to the older man 's mouth . SCUD you get something in mind , blade ? blade ultra-rapid detox . they use it on heroin addict , make them go cold - turkey in one night . blade pull out a pneumatic syringe , plunging a ampoule of amber - color fluid into the bottle mount . blade ( cont 'd ) gonna try and od whistler on a retroviral cure . SCUD I do not know about this , man -- blade inject whistler with the syringe . whistler howl in pain , nearly throw blade and scud off he . blade ( to scud ) get back !!! scud scurries away . whistler 's struggle have take a even more violent turn . blade beat he back down . finally , blade step on whistler 's neck , pin he head as he draw a shotgun from a holster beneath he armpit . he shove it in whistler 's snarling face . blade ( cont 'd ) if there 's anything of you leave in there , whistler , listen up now . come morning , that shutter be go up . either you will be cure , or you will fry . blade raise he foot from whistler 's neck , quickly back out the door . whistler throws himself at blade , nearly tear the chain from the wall as -- int . scude workshop - night boom ! blade slam the cell door close . the door be heavy steel . nevertheless , whistler kick against it , threaten to tear it off its hinge . blade throw a heavy cross-bar over the door . then he step back , join scud . whump ! whump ! whump ! whistler hammer the door again and again and again . but the crossbar hold . blade glance at scud , who 's look wind and shake by the ordeal . blade it 's go to be a long night . scud nod and exit . blade drag a chair across the floor , set it in front of the door . he sit down , shotgun rest across he knee , hold vigil . and off that grim , stoic image we -- CUT to : ext . CITY dump - day ( 20 year ago ) daylight bleach the image , almost whiting it out . a wino sift through refuse , collect bottle . Three mutt be tethere to he side with rope . he reach for a bottle , cut himself on a piece of glass . as he inspect he wound , he dog growl . the wino look up -- a black kid ( 14 ) be stand atop a mountain of refuse -- wiry and intense , perch there like a predator . the wino glance at he wrist again , the blood , then back up at the black kid . unnerve , the wino start to back away , then turn -- bumping right into the black kid , who have move beside he with uncanny speed . ( note : this all happen within a single , continuous shot . ) the boy slam the wino against the trestle wall and snarl , bare fang . and just as he 's about to tear the man' throat out -- a hand reach in from off -screen , pull the boy back . it 's whistler , twenty year young and spryer , with a head full of raven black hair . whistler throw the boy into the light , force he onto the ground . he shove a .45 against the boy 's face and be just about to pull the trigger when he stop , noticing overhead sun reflect in the boy' eye . whistler look up and sees the sun at high noon , then glance back at the boy in understanding . he smile . whistler daylight . Son of a bitch . CUT to : int . scude workshop - dawn blade wake up , lift he head . a shaft of sunlight shine directly down onto he , reflect back at we from he now adult eye . blade have not move . he sit in the chair in front of the cell door which be now silent . he stand , unlock the cell door . he heave the cross -bar away . the door groans as he open it . int . scude workshop - cell - dawn blade enter . it 's dark . we can just make out whistler 's figure huddle in the corner like some kind of cage animal , he lanky , gray hair obscure he face . whistler do not stir . blade cross over to the steel shutter . for the briefest moment , he hesitates . then he hit the switch , readying he shotgun . with a hum , the shutter rise , throw a shaft of blinding sunlight over whistler . nothing happen . blade lower he shotgun . whistler slowly raise he head , fix blade with a bloodshot eye . blade how do you feel ? whistler like a fuck heifer take a dump in my mouth . int . scude workshop - bathroom area - later whistler stand bare - chest before a corrode mirror , splash water from a sink over he face , rinsing off shave cream residue . he inspect he feature -- he 's clean himself up a bit , trim he beard , etc . he pull on a fresh shirt , then turn to face blade , who stand behind he . whistler you come back for I . blade do you think I would not ? whistler take you long enough . blade smile . that be as close to a thank - you as this old junkyard dog be ever go to give . int . scude workshop - backstorage area - day whistler have fire up a lucky Strike . he 's move through the storage area where much of he old equipment have be shelve , pull tarp off , check thing . blade follow . blade let 's just hope you have kick the thirst for good . I will be watch you close . you start to back - slide -- whistler you put a bullet in my brain . would not expect anything else . whistler take a long drag , expel the smoke slowly , study the cigarette in he hand . whistler ( cont 'd ) I will say one thing for do time as a suckhead . seem to have knock that cancer of mine back into remission . blade nod . then whistler stop , obviously frustrated . whistler ( cont 'd ) where the hell 's my lathe ? just then we hear the SOUND of a industrial lathe fire up . curious , whistler exit into -- int . scude workshop - day the workshop proper . scud be work at whistler 's old lathe , bop he head along to music which be play on a nearby tv . the they song to speed racer . now he 's wear a ron Jeremy T-shirt that say " daddy " . tv ( o.s. ) here he come , here come speed racer ! he 's a demon on wheel . he 's gain on you so you better look alive . he 's busy revving up the powerful Mach five -- whistler cock a incredulous eyebrow at blade , who have fall in beside he . scud kill the lathe and approach . SCUD whistler . cool bean . Nice to meet you , man . Heard a lot . I be josh frohmeyer . you can call I scud , though . that 's what most people do . scud offer he hand . whistler do not take it . scud shoot a uneasy glance at blade , raise a eyebrow in question . be whistler okay , or not ? blade nod . whistler move over to the charger which have its hood up . whistler tell I something , skid -- SCUD scud. whistler whatever -- ( check the motor ) what would you do to the charger ? SCUD the pimp-mobile ? just make a few after market modification . nitrous-oxide injection system , forge aluminum piston and crankshaft , higher flow fuel pump . whistler gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping . SCUD fuck yeah . Whole package will crank this betty up another three - hundred horsepower . whistler ( cut he off ) and you will burn the damn thing out before you next fuck oil change . whistler just look to blade and shake he head . whistler ( cont 'd ) where would you dig up this shit-bird anyway ? SCUD look , what 's you problem ? whistler get in scud 's face . scud look to blade for help , but he just watch , let the two of they sort thing out . whistler my problem , shitbird , be that I try to blow my fuck head off and wound up suck blood clot for the last year and a half ! now you be stand there choke you chicken like we be all walk around some fuck candy - ass vampire sitcom ! scud attempt to show some ball , but stammer all the same . SCUD hey , you think I do not know what 's at stake here ? we practically compromise we whole operation to save you pucker old ass ! and for what ? whistler ( grab scud 's shirt ) we operation ?! we operation ?! I build this operation , you fuck turd stain . just then , however , a alarm start beeping . scud check a display as blade ready he mach . SCUD motion sensor . look like Zone Three . blade human ? scud check a series of thermal signature display . SCUD body temp 's fifty so I will guess suck head . scud look to a bank of security monitor -- the view break into static as a figure rush past they . he try a few keyboard command . SCUD ( cont 'd ) I do not understand , I be not get anything on the surveillance cam . whistler make a few adjustment on the nearest monitor . whistler they be fry . whoever 's out there be use magnesium flare . seem like they have get you security system stop out pretty well . whistler move to a rack of weaponry . as he reach for car 15 , scud move to stop he . SCUD whoa , whoa , easy cowboy - I be not trust you with a weapon just yet . whistler smack scud in the face with the butt of the car - 15 and push past he . we hear a crash . angle on two black , latex -clad , ninja like intruder running on all four , racing upside down across the ceiling at break - neck speed . then they drop , somersault down fifty foot , landing in a cat- like stance . blade hit the god-light . scud , with he nose now bleed , activate a series of stadium - style light secure to the ceiling . the entire place go white with UV light , the image nearly blow out . close on figure ' face they be wear metal goggle with iris shut to mere pin prick opening . whistler train the car - 15 on -- the first latex clad figure who be now remove something from a satchel . whistler fire . the intruder drop the object and cartwheel away . in the blink of a eye , the second intruder have launch himself at whistler , hand -spring off the floor , then kick he in the mid-section . as whistler fall back , the second intruder press forward . on blade unsheathe he sword , rush at the first intruder . whap ! the intruder trap blade 's forearm , pivote , plant a boot in blade 's ribcage . obviously , the intruder be a serious martial art student . whap ! whap ! whap ! the two of they go at it , unleash a flurry of kick , block , and punch . the intruder get blade in a back -choke . he twist out of it , throw the intruder over he shoulder , who neatly cartwheel , spring back off the wall at blade again -- blade duck beneath one of the intruder 's kick , then trap the intruder 's foot , give it a savage twist . crack ! blade backhand the intruder with a blow so strong that it knock the intruder to he knee . then the intruder reach for a short sword . in a heartbeat , the sword be out and against blade 's throat . just as blade 's sword be not against the intruder 's . it 's a stalemate . second intruder stop !!!!! blade and the first intruder freeze . the second intruder step away from whistler , whom he clearly have the drop on , and toss the car - 15 to the ground . second intruder ( cont 'd ) we do not come here to fight . we come to deliver a message . blade look back to the first intruder . then slowly withdraw he sword . the intruder do the same . blade turn off the god-light . the uvs fade and normal lighting return . scud and whistler pick themselves up off the floor . blade take off you mask . the intruder remove they mask . the first be asad , a cautious sufi Muslim possess a restrain nobility . the second be a woman , nyssa . 20 - something , with emerald eye and strong , darkly exotic feature . both be vampire . asad my name be asad . this be nyssa . we represent the shadow cabinet . the ruling body of vampire nation . they be offer you a truce . they want to meet with you . SCUD ( wiping blood from he nose ) bullshit . blade hold up he hand , silencing scud 's outburst . he nod for nyssa and asad to continue . nyssa slowly crouch and reach for the object she drop - a CD . she toss it to blade . still keep a eye on they , blade slip the CD into a reader . we see a slide - show of video capture shot take from a surveillance camera . nomak tear into the blood bank staff , etc . nyssa for decade you have be the thing we have fear the most . but there 's something else loose on the street now -- close on the final still . a blurry , horrific shot of nomak 's half turn face and back . we get a sense of distort , inhuman physiognomy . nyssa ( cont 'd ) something worse than you . CUT to : ext . blade and scude warehouse - rooftop - night blade , whistler , and scud stand near the ledge , while asad stand a few yard off , talk on a phone . nyssa stand even further away , watch they with distrust . SCUD this whole deal 's give I a serious case of the butt-willy . whistler look , kid , they obviously find you base of operation . if it be a trap , why flip they dick by announce themselves ? blade I agree . we play along for now , we might wind up learn something about how they world tick . whistler ( grin at scud ) either that or feed the worm . asad finish he call and approach they . asad they be ready to see you now . as if on cue , we hear the thrum of helicopter . second later , two Bell jet ranger appear above they , illuminate they in they searchlight . CUT to : ext . sky - night we track the helicopter across the night sky . we see whistler and asad in one , blade , scud and nyssa in another . int . jet ranger - night blade and nyssa sit in the rear of the first helicopter . nyssa be study blade . blade what ? nyssa they tell bedtime storey about you . blade the big , bad boogie-man . frankly , I be disappointed . ( blade raise a eyebrow ) that you be willing to come along so easily , I mean . without any assurance . blade smile and open he coat , gesture to a bandolier of plastic explosive secure to he chest . blade semtex explosive . enough to level a city block . how 's that for assurance ? the helicopter abruptly bank right , drop down low . ext . helicopter - night the Bell jet ranger touch down outside a terrace , Frank Lloyd wright structure overlook the ocean . as nyssa and asad lead blade , whistler and scud towards the facility we see a circular crimson logo encircle a double-helix . scud notice a series of red light dot on he arm and chest . he look up to see dozen of vampire marksmen on the roof above , training they weapon on they . int . elevator cab - night the group ride down . the elevator stop . the door open . int . damaskino's stronghold - 4 - way intersection - night nyssa and asad lead they into a hub out of which multiple corridor project . they take the central corridor . int . steel corridor - night the corridor end at a pair of steel security door . nyssa stand before a biometric scanner , allow a beam of light to play over she face . the scanner acknowledge she identity and the door hiss open , revealing a series of security door beyond this which successively open into -- a final door oak , set into a stainless steel wall . incalculably ancient , elaborately carve . bring over from the " Old World . " nyssa the House of erebus you encounter before be nothing but feudal lord . the true power of the vampire Nation lie here -- as they move towards the final door , whistler shiver . scud watch as he breath escape from he mouth in a frosty plume . asad take notice . asad few warmblood have see what 's beyond this door . he push the door open into -- int . damaskino's lair - night a crescent- shape room fill with antiquity : quarry column from Middle Kingdom Egypt , stack of arcane volume , medieval frontispiece . a borgia -esque Renaissance portrait stare down at we with a severe gaze . tower over all of this be a massive Greek Cross carve from stone . music echoe around they -- boito 's faust . stand in the midst of this be overlord eli damaskino , wear a robe of black silk . nyssa Father -- damaskino hold up he hand . he wait for the music to crescendo , then turn , he face still hide in shadow . damaskino I hope you do not mind the cold . when one such as myself reach a advanced age , certain precaution be need in order to preserve the flesh . asad blade , this be overlord eli damaskino . damaskino ( in vampire dialect ; subtitle ) welcome , daywalker . I thank you for come . I have be anxious to meet you for quite some time . damaskino draw closer now , step into the light . Bright eye with smile like moonlight gleam off a knife blade . his skin be impossibly pale , almost marble - like , with tracery of blue blood pulsing underneath . damaskino ( cont 'd ) and the late abraham whistler . I trust you time amongst we number be agreeable ? whistler glare at damaskino . the two man stare at each other a moment , size one another up . damaskino ( cont 'd ) ( smile knowingly ) it have be say , you may have enemy whom you hate , but not enemy whom you despise . be proud of you enemy : then he success shall be yours , too . in that regard , I should thank you . blade for what ? steven ( o.s. ) eliminate deacon frost . carter steven , a officious - look familiar who have be quietly watch from the wing now step forward . steven ( cont 'd ) all that unseemly business with lamagra . you do we a favor . ( offer he hand to blade ) Carter Stevens . as blade and Stevens shake , blade notice a vampire glyph poke out from beneath the familiar 's shirt cuff . blade you be human . steven ( with a smile ) barely . I be a lawyer . asad Mr. Stevens work with the National Institute of Health . ( off blade 's look ) give that they monitor the nation 's blood supply , a strategic alliance seem prudent . steven we also finance a number of humanitarian organization -- the National Institute of infectious disease for one , the human genome Project ... blade why ? nyssa survival . blade and the other turn to nyssa , who use a complex mechanical key to activate a holo- projector mount above the table . as she focus the image , a 3-d diorama of vampire viral nucleocapsid swirl into view . the nucelocapsid begin attack human red blood cell . nyssa ( cont 'd ) as you may know , vampirism be a arbovirus , one that 's spread through the saliva of parasitic organism -- ( motion to the hologram ) in this case , vampire be the vector . the virus replicate within the human bloodstream , evolve its host into a entirely new life -form . ( beat ) unfortunately , viruse evolve too -- as nyssa talk , one of the viral nucleocapsid change , mutate from its original , elegant design into a harsh , more menace form . the mutate nucleocapsid begin feed on the original vampire capsid , cause a chain - reaction of mutation . in second , the holo-image be fill with throbbing , microscopic horror which then mutate into -- nyssa ( cont 'd ) we have dub this new virus the reaper strain . and like any good pathogen , it appear to have find a carrier -- a " patient Zero " . a rotate 3 - D image of Jared nomak 's face . eye red , he skin in full " blood mode " blush . nyssa ( cont 'd ) his name be Jared nomak . damaskino thiavolos , as we use to say in Greece . the Devil . pure thirst . nothing more . he be bear a vampire , but he be a anomaly . ( to blade ) like you . unlike the rest of we , however , he feed on not just human , but vampire as well . blade seem like he 's do I a favor , then . nyssa you be miss the point . they vampire victim do not die . they turn . they become carrier . if the reaper continue uncheck , there could be thousand of they before the month be over . do the math . blade turn to damaskino . blade ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) you want I to hunt they for you . damaskino ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) not alone . asad we have be training a small tactical unit -- the bloodpack . we want you to lead they . whistler just how long have this little social club of yours be together ? nyssa two year . blade then they be not create to go after you " patient zero " . nyssa no . they have be training to hunt you . CUT to : int . scude workshop - dawn blade , whistler and scud enter through the load elevator . blade turn to whistler . blade what do you think ? whistler sound like a plan . blade what do you really think ? whistler ( lighting a cigarette ) this guy be shitting brick cause they be no longer on the top of the food chain . they be go to fuck we the first chance they get . whistler move away . blade shrug off he jacket , begin put away he weapon . scud linger , apprehensive . SCUD so you be go to do this ? blade keep you friend close and you enemy closer . be not that how the say go ? scud follow blade 's gaze , watch whistler , who have collapse into a chair at the far end of the workshop . the grizzle hunter pull off he leg brace , then massage he bum knee . scud nod in whistler 's direction . SCUD I be worried about he . ( off blade 's look ) look , I know he 's you friend , but just watch he , okay ? nobody go cold Turkey from the thirst in a night . back on whistler surrounded by the salvage part and massive gear of long discard machinery , half -hidden in shadow . a shaft of morning sunlight cut in through one of the window , slowly move across the floor towards he position . he shift in he chair , move slightly -- away from the light . CUT to : ext . gas station - night it 's late . a ice - encase streetlight hum and flicker . the pump be vacant . a heavy blanket of sooty snow cover the grounds of the station . the fluorescent of the mini mart be the only beacon of light in a otherwise fog-bound night . int . mini - mart - night a korean woman ( 30 ) man the counter . her toddler sit in a circular safety walker nearby . the kind that roll and be affix with toy to keep a baby occupy . the woman glance at two surveillance monitor . on the first monitor we see -- a car pull up to the pump outside . a man get out , slide he credit card through the reader , start pump gas . on the second monitor we see a figure stand at the back by the slurpee machine . the figure turn , approach . it 's nomak . he set a package of gum on the counter , look to the baby . he smile , wriggle he finger . the child coo and smile back . unnerve by nomak , the Korean woman quickly ring the transaction , give he he change . he remove a stick of gum from the pack , carefully unwrap it , slide it into he mouth , watch the child all the while . finally , he nod to the woman and leave . the door chime as he exit . beat . the woman look to the surveillance monitor again . the first monitor the car be still there , but the man pump gas be go . puzzle , the woman step from behind the counter and move to the glass door , look out -- her Pov the car 's driver side door hang open . even more disturbing , the hose for the gas pump lie untend on the icy ground , spilling fuel from its nozzle . ext . gas station - night the Korean woman cautiously exit the mini-mart . no one be in sight . she hurry to the abandon car , disengaging the lock on the pump handle , then set it back in its cradle . she look to the open driver 's door . a few droplet of blood have stain the snow just outside it . then she see -- a ghostly figure stand off in the fog-bound shadow . the woman look back to the mini-mart , then back again to where the figure be stand . but the figure be go ! grow increasingly anxious , the woman hurry back . int . gas station - night the woman shut the door , lock it . but she 's still just a target stand inside a well - light glass box . she move to the safety walker , scoops up she child . after another moment 's indecision , she slide the accordion style gate down over the door and window . then she turn off the light . feeling somewhat more secure , the woman move back around the counter and sees -- a unwrapped stick of gum rest on the tray of the baby walker . it be not there before . with a rise sense of dread , the woman back away , bump right into -- nomak he smile cruelly , the scar / seam in he chin just beginning to part . the woman gasp , turn to run -- and bump into three more reapers . gaunt and feral - look . all three with shave head . no eyebrow , and hairline scar / seam run down they chin . as one , the reaper descend on she . we hear the child 's terrified wail and we -- CUT to : ext . the CITY - night a sulfur-colored moon shine its baleful light down upon the icy cityscape as nomak' roar echoe through the canyon of building . int . scude workshop - blade' sleeping area - night blade be just finish inject himself with serum . he sigh , fall back into the chair he 's sit in , wait for the shake to subside . he unwrap a piece of rub tub which he would be use as a tourniquet , flexe he hand . the door to he room open . scud stand there in silhouette . SCUD um , we have get company . int . scude workshop - night blade emerge into the workshop proper with whistler and scud. nyssa and bloodpack stand before we . they represent a assortment of age and race , they one unify characteristic be a callous , almost fanatical disregard for human life . in short , this guy be the most stone - cold motherfucker we have ever see . whistler well if it be not snow White and the Seven suckhead . they leader , dieter reinhardt ( 30 ) , be a square - jaw , chisele austrian . next to reinhardt be snowman , a wire albino , lighthammer , a massive blackfoot indian , and priest , a bald - head modern primitive with copious piercing and facial tattoo . rounding out the bunch be chupa , a blunt feature Puerto rican , and verlaine , a familiar - look curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lip that exude a predatory sexuality . ( note : verlaine look familiar because she be the twin sister of raquel , the bodacious vamp play by traci lord that blade kill in the open scene of the first film . ) reinhardt check it out , troops . Count chocula . the vampire laugh . asad quiet they with a look , then gesture to they in turn . asad blade , this be reinhardt . that 's snowman , lighthammer , Priest , chupa and verlaine . reinhardt advance until he and blade be nose to nose . reinhardt tell I something , Chief . can you blush ? a tense beat . then blade flash a broad smile . blade alright , you want to play this game ? blade pull out one of he silver stake . in response , the vampire reach for they weapon . but blade merely twirl it around he finger . then toss it to reinhardt . blade ( cont 'd ) you have be training two year to take I out . here I be , the big , bad vampire hunter . so do it . nyssa what the hell be you do , blade ? blade we be go to be work as a unit , you people will be take order from I . ( spread he hand wide ) so let 's get it over with . I will give you a free shot , reinhardt . reinhardt look to nyssa , uncomfortable . blade ( cont 'd ) why be you look at she for ? you need permission ? I be give it to you . chupa take he , cabron ! blade grab reinhardt 's wrist , pull the stake against he chest , fix the vampire with the deadly of poker gaze . blade what 's wrong , reinhardt ? you need a fuck manual ? verlaine do it , reinhardt . do it !!! reinhardt tense , thrust the stake forward -- but blade have already whirle out of the way , trapping he hand , then violently twist it backwards . before reinhardt even know what 's happen , blade swing he around into a headlock . in he free hand he 's get a tiny , barb flechette . the barb spring open like a tick 's grip mandible as blade drive the flechette into the base of reinhardt 's skull . reinhardt howl in pain , but blade just tighten he grip , choke off reinhardt 's air . blade listen up , adolph , I just pop a explosive charge in the back of you head . Silver nitrate . rigged to blow if anyone tamper with it . I will be keep the detonator on I at all time . you so much as look at I crosswise and I swear you will be mack you girlfriend 's pie with a fuck neck stump ! get it ?! reinhardt let loose a choke grunt . blade release he , drop the gasping austrian to the floor . blade ( cont 'd ) any question ? no one say a word . CUT to : whistler hefting a heavy ordnance case on the table . blade and company sit on one side , the bloodpack on the other . whistler ( open a case of bullet ) glaser safety round in .38 , .45 , and 9 mm caliber . foil capsule at the tip fill with silver nitrate grain . they pack a major kinetic energy dump . and since you suckhead do not like sunlight , we have modify the entry light with UV filter -- whistler flick on the entry light . then notice that chupa be not pay attention . the vampire be look at snowman who be say something in sign - language . chupa snicker . whistler pick up a massive gun with a modify C - mag ( hundred round cylindrical mag ) . it have a strange electromag assembly barrel with shockwave port run along it . whistler ( cont 'd ) this puppy here ? hyper-velocity railgun . spit up silver - tip iron core needle at six thousand butt humping foot per second . like this -- whistler fire -- BA - bang ! a sonic boom rock the workshop , shatter a number of window and computer monitor screen as a wad of needle rush just millimeter past chupa 's face , embed in the wall behind he . chupa hey , hey ! the fuck you do ?! whistler get you attention , paco . chupa well you have get it , warmblood . now what the fuck be you gonna do with it ? blade clear he throat and stand . blade if you girl be finish flirt , I would like to get start . moment later blade , whistler , and the bloodpack be silently suite up for war -- strapping on body armor , secure stake and knife , clicking ammo cartridge into they various weapon . we see they lace up combat boot , check rifle sight , entry light . blade don one of he edta pneumatic gauntlet . whistler load custom round into a shotgun . then he reach to clip on a ammo vest . but he hand be shaking slightly and he can not seem to clip the lock mechanism together . after a beat , blade reach over and do it for whistler . like a son help he father . a beat pass between they , whistler and blade look at one another . then whistler nod , satisfied . as blade cross towards asad and nyssa , he stop by verlaine , size she up . blade ( cont 'd ) do not I kill you already ? verlaine ( cold ) that be my sister . beat . blade smile coldly . blade this the part where you beat you chest and vow revenge ? verlaine something like that . blade save it for the director 's cut . blade move on , stop before nyssa . blade ( cont 'd ) where to first ? nyssa the House of pain . CUT to : ext . rooftop - night blade , whistler , and the bloodpack be gather on a rooftop overlook a derelict city block . the house of pain rise before they , a gothic revival hotel marre by graffiti scrawl and board up window . there 's a large neon " HOTEL " sign on the side of the building . nyssa from what we can gather , the reaper hunt in pack , target place where vampire congregate . so far , they have attack bloodbank , safehouse , underground club like this -- whistler I do not see any traffic , no vampire glyph -- whistler lift up a pair of night -vision binocular and scan the building . whistler' Pov ( through binoculars ) he scan the graffiti scrawl , do not see anything . nyssa look closer . because of you effort , we have have to re-think we habit , tighten we security . whistler' Pov ( through binoculars ) whistler switch to infra-re . a previously unseen vampire glyph be now reveal , hide amongst the haphazard graffiti . just beneath the glyph be a pair of load door set flush into the concrete sidewalk . whistler ( lowering binoc ; to blade ) let 's put this clusterfuck in gear . reinhardt reach for whistler , stop he . reinhardt you be not go anywhere , greenjean . you will not be able to pass for we . whistler like I give a shit . before thing can escalate , blade step between they . blade ( to whistler ; sotto ) he 's right . they will smell that you be human . stay here , watch we back . whistler ( bristle ) I do not like it . blade I be not give you a choice , old man . whistler consider blade 's word , then reluctantly nod . blade rejoin the vampire . reinhardt grin . reinhardt you do not keep that dog of yours curbe , blade . we might have to do it for you . blade pull out the remote for the flechette in reinhardt 's head , hold it up for view . blade keep push , asshole . int . house of pain - underground entrance - night nyssa lead the group into a load area . the only light be come from a series of burn trashcan . vampire sentries crouch on the step , watch , smell nyssa 's group as they move past . adjacent area be wall off with sheet of vinyl . we hear the pulsing , bass -heavy beat of music come from beyond the sheet , beckone we onward . int . house of pain - underground hallway - night the music be louder . neon-lit , corridor - long steel counter line both wall , display various surgical instrument offer as party favor . as blade 's scan the area , we see the deadly instrument reflect in he sunglass . nyssa look to he . nyssa this be we world you be enter . you may see thing -- feed . ( off blade 's inscrutable face ) just remember why you be here . blade ( cryptic ) I have not forget . they reach a steel load door emblazon with warning sign -- the kind that be split horizontally , one - half retract into the ceiling , the other into the floor . priest so what be we look for , exactly ? asad anyone who look suspicious . on that portentous note , nyssa hit a button . the hydraulic door open on into -- blade you gotta be kid I . int . house of pain - ballroom - night a high -ceiling ballroom pack with swaying body . retrofitted into a trance - dance hall . off to the side , people be be pierce , tattooe , ritually scar . Silver trays pile high with razor blade be pass through the writhe crowd . everyone look suspicious . a elaborate S&M stage show be under way . Joel Peter witkin channel by Julie taymor . a she -vampire hang from the ceiling , she body support by steel pin which have be hook through she flesh . three pvc - clad spindly figure minister to she . two vampire french kiss , exchange razor blade with they tongue . blade ( to nyssa ) what be it with you people and pain ? nyssa we need it . sensation be addictive and pain cut the deep . ( off he look ) tattoos , piercing , tribal scarring -- because we regenerate , none of it 's permanent . so we have to take it to the next level . to remind we we be alive . the bloodpack fan out through the trancing crowd . on blade drifting through the press of flesh . feral face flash by we , distort by the stroboscopic light . a she -vampire latch onto he . he shove she aside , keep scan face . it take every ounce of he restraint not to cut loose . blade you read I , scud ? ext . STREET - night a nondescript van with primer blotches be park nearby . SCUD ( o.s. ) loud and clear , B. int . operation van - night the interior of the van have be outfit into a mobile " op center " . scud sit in a cluttere nest of electronic ephermera , munch on a bag of White Castle hamburger . he 's watch a video feed from a camera mount on blade 's gear , listen to the bloodpack 's chatter come in from various audio channel . in the background , he 's also get Barry White 's " Love Machine " play . SCUD everything 's copacetic in the mystery Van . how you do , whistler ? ext . rooftop - night whistler be atop the roof of a nearby building , outfit with a sniper rifle on a tripod . whistler walk on sunshine , toke -boy . whistler' Pov ( night vision binoculars ) the view pan from the hotel entrance to scud 's van . whistler put down the binocular , light a cigarette . he take out a knife and slice open he palm . he stare at the blood , he hand slowly tremble . int . house of pain - ballroom - night blade work he way through the crowd . the beat be get heavier now , the crowd more energize . he briefly make eye contact with nyssa , but then she 's go again , disappear into the sea of flesh , ducking past one of the vinyl sheet into a corridor beyond . chupa , asad , snowman and Priest remain behind , search the crowd . as blade walk , he notice a series of grate beneath they foot . we shift we Pov -- int . house of pain - drainage area - night -- and we be below blade , look up at he through the grate . we be in a blood - encrust drainage area just beneath the ballroom that slope inward towards a large , octagonal iron culvert . as we watch , a section of the culvert rise , a pair of red eye peer out from the darkness within . int . house of pain - staircase - night blade follow nyssa up a narrow staircase into a corridor line with gangrenous , peel wallpaper . some of the room door be shut , some open . clearly , many be occupy . int . house of pain - kitchen - night a 1930s industrial kitchen fill with corrode equipment . reinhardt , verlaine , and lighthammer work they way inward , search the area . lighthammer carry massive war hammer like he namesake . reinhardt nod to verlaine , who open a walk - in , shine she entry light over a assortment of rusting meat hook . int . house of pain - first corridor - night blade check more doorway , catch half - glimpsis of flesh , leather , and steel . he hear sobbing , moan , whisper . then , a distinctly human whimper catch he attention . nyssa open a door onto a empty room . a vacant stainless steel examination table gleam in the center , wait . blade push open another door . we see a fearful young woman crouching in the corner of a soile room . a corpulent vampire in a leather apron be hose down the floor . corpulent vampire Close the fuck door , buddy . blade make eye-contact with the woman . she 's clearly human . blade tense . the corpulent vampire be get irate when -- corpulent vampire ( cont 'd ) I say , close the f-- thunk ! blade throw a sliver stake into the vampire 's forehead . even as the vampire turn to ash , blade motion for the girl to leave and we be out the hallway again , nyssa turn around . nyssa what be that ? blade ( poker -face ) nothing . we see the woman duck out the room behind he . int . house of pain - kitchen - night reinhardt , verlaine , and lighthammer . a styrofoam cup roll across the floor , blow by a breeze . reinhardt pause , notice another walk - in freezer door ajar , move in that direction . unseen behind they , a door behind they slowly swing open . int . house of pain - ballroom - night chupa , asad , snowman and Priest . three shadowed figure be lurking near one of the exit -- skinhead type , each with a hairline scar run down they chin . asad silently motion to snowman and the other , indicate figure . snowman sign something back . the vampire trio start towards they . int . operation van - night bore to shit , scud pluck a joint from behind he ear . as he fire up he woman torso lighter we hear something just outside the van . scud kill the Barry White , listen . silence . then , a faint skittering . SCUD um , whistler , you out there ? no response . SCUD ( cont 'd ) ( more urgently ) whistler ? still no response . scud reach for a handgun and creep into the front of the van . he look out the windshield -- nothing . he look leave , then right - nothing . unnerve , scud return to the back of the van . he reach for the handle of the rear door and abruptly jerk the door open , aim the gun out -- there 's nothing outside the van . but then scud hear the skittering again . his eye shift apprehensively to the floor of the van below he . int . house of pain - first corridor - night as they near the end of the hall , blade notice a drop-down attic door in the ceiling above . he unsheathes he sword and use the tip to unlatch the trapdoor . the counter- weight door creak and lower , unfold a section ladder . we see darkness beyond . as blade cautiously mount the stair -- nyssa 's attention be draw to a billow piece of vinyl . a blurry figure be visible behind it . then it move away . nyssa duck past the vinyl . int . house of pain - ballroom - night as the music reach a crescendo , asad notice more shadowy figure by another exit . and even more by a third . snowman sign to asad again , more urgently this time , as the first potential reaper begin to turn and we be -- int . operation van - night -- back with scud . he duck he head outside , look beneath the van . nothing there . relieved , scud shut the rear door , laugh to himself . a pair of clawe hand suddenly rip down through the ceiling of the van , peel it up and back like it be tinfoil ! a reaper with a bloody bandage cover he eye snarl down at we . int . house of pain - ballroom - night the first skinhead figure spin towards we . it 's a reaper . all three of they be , eye wide with bloodlust as they leap at asad and the other . suddenly , the reaper be everywhere , block the exit , rip into they vampire victim , toss they aside like toy . vampire scream and run , some take to the wall as a mean of escape , some racing across the ceiling . int . house of pain - first corridor - night blade stop half - way up the ladder as he hear gunfire . he drop back to the floor , then notice that nyssa be go . he push through the vinyl curtain and find -- nyssa force back against the wall , wrestle with -- SCUD ( o.s. ) ( filter ; panicked ) they be here !!!! -- nomak , who swing he head around towards blade ! blade fire he mach pistol point - blank into nomak 's face , blast the reaper backwards -- but nomak be back on he foot in a split -second , smashing through a window onto the fire escape beyond . blade rush to the window , look out -- blade' Pov nomak be scale he way straight up the neon hotel sign , jump from one letter to the next with lightning speed . int . house of pain - kitchen - night a reaper explode out from the walk - in , rather than the door behind they . he leap atop reinhardt , slamming he to the floor . lighthammer swing he hammer , miss the reaper , take out a chunk of the wall instead . lighthammer swing and miss again , take a chunk out of the floor . verlaine empty she automatic rifle into the reaper even as -- the reaper turn on lighthammer , catch the war hammer , reaper 's lower jaw disengage and split open , revealing a freakishly enlarge esophagus line with serrate , sharklike tooth . all of this take a split-second . no time for lighthammer to react as the reaper latch its grossly expand mouth onto he throat and begin drain he before we eye . the reaper shudder and the white of he eye bleed red as a ecstatic wave wash over he . his pale flesh , pulsing with engorge veinwork , become flushed , turn crimson as -- lighthammer ohmygodhe'sfuckingkillingmehe 's -- lighthammer 's face become increasingly pallid ! his face begin cave inward , shrink as every millimeter of blood be vacuume out of he . blood vessel be pop up beneath the reaper 's briefly translucent skin , become engorge and dilate . the vein continue to swell , racing up he neck , then branching out over he face , chest , and arm -- like a instant network of varicose vein . verlaine retreat , horrify . reinhardt scurries backwards , then scramble to he foot , run for he life into -- int . house of pain - ballroom - night Chaos . vampire patron flee . the bloodpack FIRE , unleash a hailstorm of bullet , cut into vampire and reaper alike as -- ext . FIRE escape - night blade step out onto the icy fire escape . crash ! nomak have dislodge the " h " from the hotel sign . it come hurtling towards blade , who duck back into the center of the " o " to avoid be hit . the " h " continue fall , smashing down into the street near the mystery Van where -- int / ext . operation van - night scud unload he handgun into the reaper atop the van . the reaper should turn to ash , but it do not ! scud flee , diving into the front of the van , ducking behind the wheel . he key the ignition -- wham ! now the reaper be atop the hood , smashing he foot through the windshield . scud scream as he slam the van into the drive and floor the pedal -- wk-krunch ! scud crash the van against the side of a building , pin the reaper between the van 's front bumper and the crumble wall . he keep he foot on the gas pedal , grinding the van 's wheel . this gambit should cut the reaper in half , or at the very least , fatally wound it -- but it only enrage it further . the reaper stretch forward across the van 's crumpled hood and resume batter away at the crack windshield -- SCUD UV headlight , c'mon , come on !!! scud fumble for the headlight . they will not go on ! then he notice a mess of wiring haphazardly duct- tape together . he reach for the wiring , fiddling with it -- SCUD ( cont 'd ) fuckmefuckmefuckmefuckme !!!! int . house of pain - ballroom - night the reaper nearest Priest turn in he direction . we recognize she as the nurse from the bloodbank . she leap at Priest -- Priest fire a glaser round through the she-reaper 's head . the reaper twist in mid-leap , fall to the floor , then pick herself up again . like scud 's reaper , she seem unaffected by the custom - make ammo . on the other member of the bloodpack have similarly disastrous result . the reaper be shrugging off they firepower . asad leap , snap a reaper 's neck with a spin heel kick , but the reaper keep come ! back to the priest alarm , reach for a specialize shotgun instead . the reaper continue forward , move so fast she almost seem a blur as BA - boom ! BA - boom ! Priest pump he shotgun repeatedly . two projectile fire out , chain together by a length of titanium cable . the cable catch the reaper in the mid-section , cut it clean in half ! the upper half of the reaper fall , then rights itself , landing on its claw hand . impossibly , the she- reaper keep come ! she skitter towards Priest on he hand like the half - man from Todd brown 's " freak " . the half - reaper launch itself at Priest , hit he in the chest , knock he back to the floor . Priest panic as he struggle with the thing , try to fend off its claw and fang as it lock its mouth into he arm . he scream . CUT to : ext . van - night as scud continue to fiddle with the faulty headlight wiring , the windshield finally shatter beneath the reaper 's pound fist . it latch onto scud 's collar and pull he forward over the wheel even as the seam / scar in its chin split apart and the reaper 's enlarge maw flower open . scud be just centimeter away from have he face be bitten off when -- -- the wire spark and the headlight come on , illuminate the reaper in a wash of UV light ! the effect be instantaneous . the reaper howl and let go , then promptly burst into flame . scud cup he ear , shouting via the comm system . SCUD use you entry light ! they can not stand the UV !!! int . house of pain - basement - night asad hear scud 's message as he continue fend off a reaper 's attack . then he manage to get hold of he rifle . he flick on the UV entry light , aim it at the reaper 's face . the reaper 's head catch fire . asad shout to the other -- asad use you entry light ! one by one , the member of the bloodpack click on the entry light mount atop they gun . it 's work -- the UV beam be the only thing that seem to be drive the reaper back . ext . house of pain - roof - dawn boom ! blade kick open the roof access door . he hurry outside , follow by nyssa , who hesitates when she sees -- the SUN beginning to rise beyond the cityscape horizon . nomak be already at the opposite side of the building , move fast . blade ( into com - link ) whistler ! he 's head across the roof ! take he ! nyssa fall back into the shadow as blade continue onward , unsheathe he sword . blade ( cont 'd ) whistler !!! ext . rooftop - night whistler 's sniper rifle and binocular have be abandon and -- ext . house of pain - rooftop - dawn we be back with blade as he chase nomak across the roof . up ahead nomak abruptly stop , have reach the end of the roof . the nearest neighbor rooftop be too far away and the drop from this last ledge look unsurvivable , even for someone like nomak . as blade cautiously advance , nomak turn around and smile -- a wolfish grin , unnaturally wide . the reaper 's face be beginning to smoke beneath the rise sun 's ray . in response , a polarize nictomembrane slide down over nomak 's irise -- like something you would see on a crocodile to protect its eye from harsh light . nomak be the enemy of my enemy my friend or my enemy ? what do you think , blade ? what be I to you ? nomak laugh , then lunge , scoop up a rusty iron bar that lie nearby . he swing it at blade . blade parry and step backward , take a blow to the head in the process , then another to the side . the two of they exchange a flurry of blow back and forth until they weapon lock and they be face to face . nomak 's back be to the rise sun , now . his whole body be beginning to lightly smoke . both man be tremble , strain against they weapon , use every ounce of strength to keep the other at bay . and just when it look like nomak be gain the upper hand -- nomak ( cont 'd ) athelfiki singenia ex amato . -- blade pivot the flat edge of he sword upwards , catch the light of the rise sun , reflect it directly into nomak 's eye ! nomak scream and rear back , he face catch fire . then he stumble backwards and fall -- right off the ledge of the roof ! blade hurry to the roof 's ledge and look down -- but the reaper be nowhere in sight . dumbfound , blade retreat , haunt by the conviction that nomak be still alive . int . house of pain - ballroom - dawn blade have return to the scene of the melee . the reaper have fle , leave nyssa and the other to lick they wound and survey the carnage . quite a few full - body ash outline mark the pass of various vampire . blade approach nyssa . she notice he wound . nyssa you be hurt . blade ( brush off she concern ) I will heal . nyssa what about nomak ? blade he escape . you do not tell I they be immune to silver and garlic . nyssa I do not know . beat . tense . do he trust this woman ? no way . blade we lose anybody ? nomak lighthammer and -- just then , we hear a unearthly scream . angle on Priest , be hold down by chupa and snowman . he 's thrashing about , clutching he wounded , infect arm . priest oh god , oh God it hurt ! it hurt , it hurt , fuck , it hurt . ugh ! Priest let loose a agonize scream as blade and the other gather around he . he 's undergo a horrific change , take on the gaunt , vein-engorged feature of a proper reaper . he snarl and wail , gnashing he tooth like a rabid animal . reinhardt and he team look uneasy . shaken by they teammate 's downward progression . blade how long since he be bitten ? nyssa Minutes . blade draw closer . already , the flesh on Priest 's chin be split as a seam begin to form . blade it 's already change he -- reinhardt pace , annoyed by Priest 's wailing . reinhardt Jesus , can not you get he to shut the fuck up !? nyssa ( gravely ) his blood cell be not produce oxygen anymore . his own body be suffocating he . this thing be like crack addict . if they do not feed every few hour , they will feed on themselves . as if in response , Priest start convulse . his flesh tighten , draw taut around he increasingly skeletal form . his scream become unbearable , twist into a high - pitch ululation that 's make the bloodpack 's skin crawl . reinhardt somebody put he out of he misery for fuck 's sake ! verlaine you kill he ! I be not kill he ! asad pull out he handgun and empty the clip into Priest 's body -- but Priest keep shrieking . unnerve , reinhardt unsheathes a machete , decapitate Priest even as the other protest . the headless body continue thrashing , still make noise from it 's open throat ! if anything , it seem to be redoubling its effort . it lurch forward , jerk itself free from chupa and snowman 's restrain arm . chupa mierda !! the juddering horror that use to be Priest stagger to its foot . reinhardt and he man panic , stumbling backwards . the headless monstrosity lunge straight at -- blade without bat a eye , he draw he mach pistol , briefly aim at the on-rush creature 's chest , then adjust he aim to one of the black - out window above and behind it . bam ! bam ! bam ! blade shoot out the window and blazing shaft of sunlight slice down through the darkness , spotlight Priest like a ant beneath a magnify glass . fwash !!! the headless body be incinerate in mid-step . it collapse to the floor , just inch before blade . one of its blacken claw feebly grab blade 's boot , then grow still . beat . you could hear the pin drop in the silence that follow , every one of the bloodpack think some variation of " there but for the grace of God go I " . asad lay a hand on nyssa 's shoulder , steadying she . blade shift he foot , cause the cinder - like hand grip he boot to crumble to dust . whistler ( o.s. ) if this be the best you turd-stain have to offer , I be not impressed . blade look over to see whistler , who be just enter . he move over to he , angry . chupa follow , equally piss . blade I think you be suppose to be watch we back . whistler ran into a little reaper trouble myself . chupa ( approach , hostile ) oh yeah ? like how little ? in case you have not notice , we lose two man while you be out farting around . whistler ( poke chupa in the chest ) you need to ratchet that ' nad of yours down a few notches , paco . chupa flush with anger and flick he knife across whistler 's shoulder , open a gash . whistler go ballistic and punch chupa in the face . a brief tussle ensue before blade and the other can separate they . as chupa be pull away by asad , he look back at whistler . chupa listen , hillbilly , you be a cunt-hair away from cowboy heaven . whistler ai not no thing but a chicken wing , buttercup . blade ( still suspicious ) where be you , whistler ? whistler I will show you . int . house of pain - drainage area - continuous whistler , blade and the survive member of the bloodpack be now gather around the octagonal iron culvert just beneath the ballroom . whistler turn on a flashlight . we hear something move in the darkness . the group tense , then whistler 's flashlight beam reveal -- a reaper cower by the culvert . one we recognize . the other vampire guard from the bloodbank , now transformed . he 's shrunken and emaciate , pale . and although he 's obviously die , he still hiss , he fange mouth snap ineffectually at they . his arm have be trap -- pin under one of the sectional culvert covering . it look like he 's be try to gnaw it off in order to escape . reinhardt what the hell ? whistler I find he like this . I think he be try to crawl back into that culvert . blade look to the culvert in question . he pull back one of the section cover . the open be about two foot wide , just large enough for a man to gain access . int . sewer / outflow area - continuous blade drop into the sewer line . the area be claustrophobic , damp . there be tear piece of insulation hang from the ceiling , saturate and drip with blood . blade crouch - walk further in . we hear wind . he shine he flashlight . a portion of the brick wall look like it 's be claw open . nyssa ( call down ) everything okay ? blade retreat back to the drain - pipe , pull himself back up . we hold for a beat , then drift up to the blood - saturate strip of insulation . someone be crouch in the shadow there , cling to the ceiling upside down . it 's nomak , red-eye shine in the darkness . CUT to : int . damaskino's lair - bathhouse - day we be in a previously unseen portion of damaskino 's vast bedroom . a elegantly tile pool area have be partition off by a series of lattice screen . in the counterpoint to this be a series of mute monitor tune to the pulse of the world -- CNN , MSNBC , c-span , etc . damaskino sit in a robe , finish a meal , he eye flick over the monitor -- tracking current event , market fluctuation . we get the sense that the man be a true polymath . that he owe he five thousand - plus year of existence to resourcefulness rather than luck . Stevens enter , wait to be acknowledge . damaskino ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) yes ? steven ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) they have make contact with the reaper . damaskino ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) any casualty ? steven ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) two so far . unconcern , damaskino slice into a piece of raw meat . damaskino ( reverting to English ) a inevitability , I suppose . nyssa be not among they , I trust . steven no . this be a dangerous game , you be play , damaskino . damaskino any game worthy of be play be . one must be patient . in this way , I have outlive my enemy . all of they . damaskino step beyond the screen now , into the pool area -- and although we can not see the water from this angle , we can see pattern of ruby light flicker off the tile wall . Stevens follow , uncomfortable . steven blade 's too volatile . you be not go to be able to keep manipulate he -- damaskino step into the steaming liquid , which we now see be blood . his robe spread out , float on the surface . damaskino you worry too much , Stevens . I have assurance from we friend inside that event be unfold as script . steven as script ? you have already lose two of you own . how many more be you willing to sacrifice ? damaskino sink until he 's waist - deep in the crimson fluid . damaskino as many as it take . ( point ) do you see that jar over there ? Stevens look to a shelf where a gold and crystal coptic jar rest . a human heart float within . damaskino ( cont 'd ) it contain my human heart -- ( touch a pale scar on he chest ) something I relinquished a long time ago . only a fool would appeal to it now . CUT to : int . scude workshop - cell - night the die reaper have now be chain inside the cell . it wheeze and moan , clearly in agony . blade and nyssa stand watch . blade grip the reaper beneath its jaw , turn its face towards we . blade recognize he ? nyssa ( nodd ) from the surveillance footage in the bloodbank . he be one of the guard 's nomak attack . blade which mean he turn about seventy - two hour ago . nyssa right . so why be he die ? he do not appear to have any break bone , no entry wound of any kind -- what 's kill he ? blade time . blade nick the reaper 's carotid artery with a knife . clear serum ooze out , no red blood cell at all . blade ( cont 'd ) no hemoglobin leave . they metabolism be too fast . they burn out . that 's why they be have to feed so often . they system be self destruct . nyssa if that 's true , what about nomak ? he 's be alive longer than the other . blade nomak 's different . he 's the carrier . ( shaking he head ) there 's something drive he beyond the thirst . something we be miss . as they watch , the reaper shake through its final death throes , then grow still , the nictomembrane over its eye slowly slide down . moment later - a series of isolated close - ups a pair of glove hand spread apart the reaper 's eyelid . in response , the protective nictomembrane slide mechanically down over the pupil . nyssa ( o.s. ) they appear to have a nictate membrane here , like you would see on a crocodile or camel . shield the eye from sunlight . the hand now part the reaper 's mouth , probing the seam in the chin , then split the mandible apart to reveal the enlarge esophagus . the finger push back on the gum and the pressure - sensitive fang extend even further in response . nyssa ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a bifurcate mandible . more develop masseter muscle and zygomatic bone around the mouth allow for a much larger , stronger bite -- pull back to reveal blade , nyssa , and scud be gather around the autopsy table . the rest of the crew linger further back . nyssa ( cont 'd ) epidermal layer be thicker , tougher -- nyssa begin the y-incision along the chest . once again , clear serum ooze out . she crack open the thoracic cavity . SCUD Ho - lee shit . we see inside the abdominal cavity . a complex , pinkish / gray parasitic organism have take over every organ visible . nyssa I have never see anything like this . the reaper be as different from we as we be from you . ( probing the organism ) it 's almost as if the virus be re-wiring they body , create new , parasitic organ which consume the old one . blade like cancer with a purpose . nyssa exactly . look at the digestive system . it 's be drastically simplify . Super charge . and this -- she pull back the lung -- a calcify structure encase a fibrous mass rest where the heart would normally be . she tap the calcify structure with a scalpel . nyssa ( cont 'd ) the heart be completely encase in bone . she try to cut into the bony shell and the scalpel snap . scud whistle , impressed . SCUD good luck get a stake through that . blade study the reaper corpse , then look to the bloodpack . blade we have get six hour till sunrise . be ready by then . asad what happen at sunrise ? blade we take up the hunt again . chupa you gotta be fuck joke . blade you have see what we be up against . daylight 's the only advantage we have get . they will be more vulnerable then . reinhardt ( pointedly ) and so will we . blade look , I care about the human who be die , not you , get it ? reinhardt ( snarling ) spare I the race card , oj . we be not go out into the sun . it 's too risky . blade you do not have a choice . you be just go to have to protect yourselves as best you can . blade spin and leave . whistler follow . nyssa watch they disappear into blade 's room . reinhardt and the other vampire approach she . reinhardt you buy any of this chocolate elvis bullshit ? nyssa just stare he down , obviously conflict . chupa this guy do not know what the fuck he 's do . we already lose Priest and lighthammer , who 's gonna be next ? fuck he . fuck he rule . first chance I get , I be chow down on that fuck heehaw sidekick of he . snowman sign something to verlaine . verlaine what do you think , asad ? asad ( pointedly ) I do not think . I follow order . asad look to nyssa once more -- perhaps he 's even concerned now . she 's still stare in the direction blade leave . int . scude workshop - blade' sleeping area - night blade sit in the shadow , wrapping a piece of rubber tub around he arm , inject himself with pneumatic syringe of serum . he shiver , convulse violently , then throw back he head in relief . when he do so , he sees -- whistler stand in the doorway . they eye each other a moment as blade unwrap the tub from he arm , put away he syringe and serum . whistler light a cigarette , then nod through a window towards nyssa and the other . whistler you ask I , you and miss muffet be get a mite too cozy for my taste . blade I would not worry about it . blade move to walk away , but whistler stop he . whistler I be worry . seem to I , you be start to get confuse as to which side of the line you be stand on . blade pretty hollow word come from a man who spend the last year run with the enemy . whistler what the hell be that suppose to mean ? blade it mean I be start to wonder if the vampire still have they hook in you . you have be act strange ever since I give you the cure . reckless , quick to anger -- ( beat ) you say it yourself , whistler . that vampire know we defense system backwards and forward . where would they get they intel ? whistler step closer , he voice drop to a lethal , whisper . whistler I be compromise ?! I ?! I be not the one play stink - finger with vampirella out there ! blade stare back at whistler , calm as a viper . blade you be out of line , old man . the two comrade in arm stare each other down . then , finally , whistler back away . whistler ( quietly ) we will see . whistler turn and stride exit . we hold on blade , tear , conflict , watch whistler retreat . ext . blade' warehouse / shipyard - night we see a figure emerge from the shadow -- chupa . ext . CITY slum - night chupa walk the night , scan shadow . chupa' Pov ( vampire vision ) like heat-vision , only tinged with crimson . there be drug dealer and bottom feed whore trolling for trick out here , beat heart and branching arteries highlight on they ghostly silhouettes . chupa move to the mouth of a alley , nodd to a dealer . dealer lookin ' to get hook up ? chupa what you get ? as the dealer glance around to see if anyone 's watch -- dealer horse , Hawaiian ice . whatever you want . chupa sniff the air , glance at a pulsate vein on the dealer 's neck , and smile . chupa whatever , huh ? well I be all off the hook on that bitch . chupa step into the alley with the dealer . dealer so what 's it gonna be ? chupa fear . chupa be at the dealer 's throat before he can finish , flash he fang , shove he backwards . then -- chupa ( cont 'd ) I like a little adrenaline chaser . whap ! a hand grab a fistful of chupa 's hair , jerk he head back . it 's blade . he yank chupa off the dealer . blade what do you think you be do ? chupa try to feed , puto baboso ! the dealer take off as blade swing chupa around . they exchange a couple of blow , then blade knee he in the ball , twist he around by he arm , dislocate it . blade release chupa , shove he forward . chupa 's break arm dangle awkwardly . furious , chupa reach for he .45 with he good hand -- only to hear the click of another gun as it 's place against the back of he head . angle on nyssa stand behind he , look grim and determine . nyssa do it and you die . ( chupa consider option ) you hear asad . until this be over , this people be we ally . chupa oh I have not forget about asad . I be just wonder if you have . chupa re-holster he gun , then jam he dislocate arm up against the wall and reset it . he back away . nyssa watch he leave , look to blade . nyssa he 's right about one thing . we do have to survive . blade you do not have to hunt to do it . nyssa really ? what be we suppose to do , then ? starve ourselves because we fee on other in order to live ? what about that scumbag you just let off the hook ? a nothing . a drug-dealer . how do you justify save people like that ? blade do not answer , just move away . she follow . nyssa ( cont 'd ) you know the thirst better than any of we . you be barely manage to tread water yourself . live in a constant state of pain , have to shoot up that serum of yours . that 's not what I call survive , blade . off blade 's stony expression we -- CUT to : int . scude workshop - night the back of the workshop . scud take a hit of weed then resume work on one of the UV entry light -- it 's be take half - apart and tweak - out with cable and a crystal prism . whistler be there too , load magazine . whistler ( observe scud ) the hell be you fiddling with there ? SCUD ( proud , succinct ) tweak the phosphor rod , modify the collimate beam , wanna concentrate the light , get something like a UV laser go . whistler ( shaking he head ) you be waste you time , already be try . SCUD yeah , but you do not have the scudster work on it , do you ? whistler ( testy ) nope . back then we do not . SCUD ( unfaze ) so how long have you know blade , anyway ? whistler go on twenty year now . SCUD blade do not talk about the old day much . whistler blade do not talk about anything much . ( nodd to scud ) what about you , though ? scud pull up he T-shirt . his abdomen be cover in a network of horrific scar . like something you would see on the survivor of a shark attack . whistler ( cont 'd ) pretty . SCUD I be backpack . hook up with this two chick who be off to see the Burning man festival . we be gonna take " E " , have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert . you know the riff , " dear penthouse , I never think this would happen to I , but -- " scud take a Phillip and adjust some screw on the laser . SCUD ( cont 'd ) anyway , halfway through we Three 's company marathon , Janet and chrissy start take chunks out of I . woulda die too if blade have not show up and stake that mamacitas a new honeyhole . ( shrugging ) thing kinda fall in place after that . scud jiggle the necklace of fang around he neck . SCUD ( cont 'd ) take myself a few souvenir , though . scud triggers the modify entry light . the light pulse like a series of flash - bulb go off , create a stroboscopic effect as a wafer - thin , super - concentrate blue beam of light slice through the shadow . scud look to whistler and smile . SCUD ( cont 'd ) mmm-mmm . poppa 's get a brand new bag . ext . cityscape - pre-dawn Beyond the shadow skyline of monolithic building , the night be beginning to give way to dawn . int . scude workshop - pre-dawn scud stand before the other . he look bleary - eye but pleased with the night 's work . the fruit of they effort be laid on a work table before they -- a half - dozen UV laser gun , along with a collection of UV flashbang grenade and a much bigger explosive device secure into a backpack carrier . blade pick up one of the UV laser . he sight down the length of it . scud take a power pack and slap into the base of blade 's gun . SCUD the powerpack have a limited charge , maybe ten minute of continuous use at most . nyssa gesture to the flashbang grenade . nyssa what be this ? SCUD UV flashbang grenade with plug- in phosphor stick -- ( point to a backpack carrier ) this be for the grand finale . wire together a couple - dozen of that puppy . but I would be careful where you pop you load . might end up fry yourselves in the process . whistler what about you ? you be not come ? SCUD after last night ? dude , I be a lover , not a fighter . asad look to blade . asad what good be all this firepower if we do not know where they be hide ? blade we will not need to . they will come to we . reinhardt how ? blade look to nyssa , who toss reinhardt a aerosol cannister . he spray a little , then wrinkle he nose in disgust , gag . reinhardt ( cont 'd ) this be fuck foul ! nyssa they be pheromone . I infuse they from that reaper 's adrenal gland . all mammal use they to mark they territory . even vampire . chupa fuck that ! I be not spraying some gash hound 's nut - juice on I ! nyssa trust I , the reaper will key to it . if we use this , we will draw they out . CUT to : int . house of pain - drainage area - dawn beneath the ballroom grating . a high - angle shot look down at the octagonal iron culvert around which blade , whistler , and the remainder of the bloodpack be gather . the mechanize , sectional portion of the culvert cover be grinding upward , flowering open and apart like some blood and rust -encrust gateway to Hell . int . sewer / outflow area - dawn one by one , the group of hunter descend into the claustrophobic chamber . verlaine be lug the UV bomb on she back . blade lead they to the claw - open portion of the brick wall , then on through . int . sewer line - continuous blade lead the group along a grime - encrust line which slope gradually downward , sloshing through ankle - deep run off water collect from the city above they . tendril of mist drift about , cut they field of vision even further . here and there , thin shaft of sunlight cut down through crack in the street above , require the vampire to cautiously circumvent they . they reach a four- way intersection of tunnel . blade pause . blade time for nyssa 's pheromone . blade open a statchel . Inside be a dozen distinctive aluminum atomizer . he hand they out to the other . whistler triggers a can , spraying a thin mist over he face , wrinkling he nose in disgust . whistler eau de suckhead . tasty . blade we will split into three unit . first team that make contact win the prize . try to maintain radio silence from here on out . blade point to chupa and whistler , indicate the Eastern tunnel . they head off . next , blade direct nyssa , asad , snowman , and verlaine down the western tunnel . blade nod to reinhardt and start down the Northern branch . int . eastern tunnel - day it 's darker here , no shaft of sunlight slice down from above . whistler turn on he UV entry light . chupa reach out with he hand , partially block the beam . chupa turn it off . as the shifting pattern of light and shadow play across chupa 's face we see he pupil contract and dilate unnaturally large in response . chupa ( cont 'd ) we want to attract they , not scare they off . whistler yeah , but you fang can see in the dark . what be I suppose to do ? chupa toss whistler a pair of night-vision goggle . chupa bifocals , grandpa . and try to keep up . chupa head into the darkness , move with uncanny speed . int . tunnel - various we intercut between the three team now , back and forth as they progress deeper into the city 's bowel . int . northern tunnel - day blade and reinhardt trudge along . the tunnel slope inward , form a v-shape channel where a trickle of water flow . blade notice something bob in the water . he nudge it with he foot and knock it free . it 's a break human tibia which twirl around , then flow past they leg . a few step later on , reinhardt notice something else . he stoops into waist - deep water , pick up what he think be a isolate human rib -- but end up snagging a tangle mass of hair , mud , and bone . int . eastern tunnel - day whistler and chupa move side by side . chupa be anxious , eye darting about . occasionally , they come upon a transection with smaller conduit lead off to the right and the leave . then they reach a stoop , narrower tunnel and have to move single file . suddenly , a blast of light and thunderous SOUND explode above they . they look up -- whistler ( startle ) shit ! a subway train rocket by on a track just above they , pummel they with soot and dust . unseen by they , briefly illuminate by the flash subway light we see three reaper face , pale and haunt , hang upside down . int . northern tunnel - day blade and reinhardt reach a dead - end where the tunnel have cave in . a berm of human bone slope upward from the water -- skull and rib , vertebrae , tibias , metatarsi . blade kneel , inspect they . there be gnaw mark on they . blade must be hundred of this skeleton here . reinhardt so ? blade so I think you people may have underestimate how many reaper you be deal with . int . western tunnel - day as nyssa , snowman , verlaine , and asad cautiously move forward , nyssa gasp , startle by -- half a dozen reapers lay on the tunnel floor before they in a stagnant pool of sewage water . Dead . int . eastern tunnel - day back with whistler and chupa , whistler be in the lead . chupa ( o.s. ) hey , hillbilly . as whistler turn around , chupa slam whistler in the side of the head , swiping he night-vision goggle off . as whistler vainly search for he goggle . whistler what the fuck you do ? chupa ai not nobody here but you and I , chicken wing . I would say this be as good a time as any to settle up . chupa move stealthily in darkness , violently kicking the older man . whistler try to crawl away , then reach for he pheromone atomizer and lock it in the " on-position " . as chupa continue to lay into whistler we see the atomizer roll away , dispense its content . int . northern tunnel - day blade and reinhardt by the berm of human bone . nyssa ( o.s. ) ( filter ; over comm . ) blade . we have get six reaper . they be all dead . blade fry them . int . western tunnel - day nyssa nod to asad and verlaine . they train they UV laser on the area where the reaper corpse be -- but the reaper body be go . and so be snowman for that matter . asad what ? where do they go ? verlaine screw that , where do snowman go ? just then , we hear a noise from above . nyssa and the other whip they UV laser in that direction . nyssa Jesus , they be play possum ! there Pov a horde of reapers skitter away from the light . int . eastern tunnel - day close on the pheromone atomizer , the spray peter out . whistler be beat to shit , bleed from he mouth . chupa reach for he handgun , whipping it out just as -- whistler 's hand brush the damage night vision goggle . he swing they upward . whistler' Pov ( through goggle ) whistler have just enough time to register chupa , the handgun point directly at he / we before notice something else just beyond chupa . a dozen reapers cling to the ceiling above . they drop down on chupa like a pack of rabid dog , literally tear he in half . int . northern tunnel - day ( 20 year ago ) hear gunfire and scream , blade charge back in whistler 's direction as -- the berm of human bone explode apart . reaper charge towards they , hit blade in the chest , drive he backwards . as blade fall , he entry light swing upward , illuminate . another reaper drop down atop reinhardt , knock he UV gun into the water . we see even more reapers converge in on they from the side tunnel in a cacophony of shadow and noise . int . western tunnel - day ( 20 year ago ) verlaine , nyssa and asad be firing they UV laser . the pump flash of they gun throw crazy shadow in every direction . add to the unbridle chaos of strobing light and noise . more and more reaper be swarm towards they , move towards we at a unearthly clip ! nyssa and she compatriot retreat , run for they life . a reaper leap , landing on verlaine 's back . it grab she head and deftly snap she spine in half with a sicken crunch ! int . eastern tunnel - day ( 20 year ago ) whistler panic , back away from the sound of the reaper slaughtering chupa . he find he gun , flick on the UV entry light -- and just like that , the attack reaper have vanish . whistler whirl about , sweeping the UV beam around , but all he sees be darkness . then , a bone-chill whisper cut through the shadow . nomak ( o.s. ) whistler . whistler spin . nomak right behind he . as whistler whip the UV gun up , nomak stop it . the beam be mere millimeter from the reaper 's face -- close enough to illuminate he nightmarish feature , but not close enough to burn . nomak ( cont 'd ) if you survive this , tell you master . my end be my beginning . in a eyeblink , nomak be go . whistler spin , shine the UV this way and that . alone in the dark . int . northern tunnel - day blade fire he UV into a reaper 's torso . as the reaper incinerate , blade spin , firing at a second reaper -- on reinhardt firing he non - UV weapon . two reaper be close in on he . blade take mine ! blade throw reinhardt he UV laser and unsheathes he sword . reinhardt sweep the lethal beam over the two reaper . blade retreat back into the water , calm , let the creature come to he . as they close in on he , he slip the tip of the sword beneath the surface of the water , wait -- as one , the reaper converge on blade . he swing he sword up from the water , hack away at they , use they own momentum against they . reinhardt consider he option . he decide to run for it -- blade ( cont 'd ) reinhardt ! reinhardt race away , abandon blade . blade reach for one of the UV flashbang clipped to he harness . he pull the pin with he tooth and shove it into a on-rush reaper 's mouth as -- reinhardt slip on the wet concrete and -- bang ! sear light fill the tunnel , instantly incinerate the reaper . reinhardt 's unprotect face catch FIRE . he scream , fall back into the water , try to douse the flame . another reaper land atop he , drag he down as -- int . northern and western tunnel - continuous we hear gunfire and scream come from all direction . blade retreat . a reaper , fully on FIRE from the UV explosion , race towards he . as blade decapitate it : blade ( shouting into radio ) re-group ! re-group ! asad and nyssa also retreat . nyssa pull a pin on a UV flashbang , throw it behind she . BA - bang ! UV light fill the tunnel and -- int . sewer line - four - way intersection - day blade , nyssa , whistler and asad abruptly find themselves back in the four- way juncture , knee - deep in water . they quickly regroup , out of breath , riding adrenaline high . nyssa where 's chupa ? whistler forget he , he 's chunk -style . asad same with snowman and verlaine . whistler guess that perfume of yours do the trick after all ? blade ( quietly ) a little too well , I would say . the other turn to look in blade 's direction . dozen of red eye be stare out at they from the darkness of the Eastern tunnel . then we hear a hissing SOUND come from the opposite direction . blade and the other spin around -- more red -eyed reapers be close in on they from the West . and the NORTH . and the south ! there must be forty of they in all . whistler perfect . we get the whole fuck partridge family here . they retreat until they be back to back , each one of they cover they respective tunnel open . a reaper lunge at they from the North . asad triggers he UV laser , scorching the creature . it howl and slink backwards . two more reapers attack from the East and the West . blade and nyssa respond in kind , burn they assailant in mid-air . but even as they fire , they UV beam weaken , the flash of light come from they barrel pulsing less frequently . whistler ( cont 'd ) unless anybody have any bright idea , I would say we be about half a battery away from a reaper gang - bang . the foursome be manage to keep the reaper at bay , but just barely . blade motion to nyssa . blade give I the rest of the pheromone . nyssa reach inside she harness , hand blade the remain atomizer . he crush they in he fist , let the fluid within spill over he face and chest . asad what be you do ? the reaper become even more agitate , hissing loudly , press in on they closer and closer . blade nod he head back down the western tunnel . blade verlaine 's body be back there somewhere with the UV bomb . if you train you gun in that direction , you will drive a open in they rank . I will run for it . when the reaper come after I , you make a break for it the other way . asad study blade with newfound respect . asad you will not make it . blade ( hefting he UV gun ) then I will die try , will not I ? nyssa blade . blade save it . I do not want to hear you word . let 's do this now !!! the foursome spin , firing they UV laser down the western tunnel . the reaper shriek , fall to either side , they body burn -- blade charge forward , fire he die UV laser . as he make it past the line of reaper , they start after he , drive into a frenzy by the pheromone . the reaper in the Northern and Eastern tunnel flood after blade too , leave -- nyssa , whistler and asad to contend with the reaper in the Southern tunnel . they discharge they weapon , shoulder reaper aside , make a mad dash for freedom . int . western tunnel - day blade run , splash and stumbling through the water , just a hair 's breadth ahead of the howling reaper horde . suddenly , the tunnel widen out into a larger chamber . int . southern tunnel - day whistler and the other FIRE back at the small group of reaper which have follow they , rather than blade . on whistler cut off from nyssa and asad . he spot a maintenance ladder and run for it , drag himself up the rung . a reaper leap up the ladder after he -- whistler reach the top of the ladder , but he exit be block by a manhole cover ! it 's stuck ! whistler swing up he shotgun , firing into the cover . the cover be blown upward , send a shaft of blind sunlight down on the reaper below he . as the reaper incinerate , whistler scurries upwards to safety . int . western tunnel / chamber - day blade reach verlaine 's half - submerge body . he tear the backpack carrier off the dead vampire and heft it onto he shoulder , charge up a elevate concrete embankment as -- int . southern tunnel - day nyssa and asad find themselves cornere . they UV laser be shot . the reaper be close in and we be -- int . western tunnel / chamber - day back with blade , the reaper overrun he . they pile atop one another in a frenzied effort to get to he . dozen and dozen of they . and still blade struggle upward , lift the UV cluster bomb triumphantly above he head , trigger the device . the world go white . no explosion . just blinding , purifying light leave we with a retina-burn image of blade 's silhouette surround by reaper . in that brief instant , the reaper be freeze , reveal as wraith - like x-ray image of bone and muscle . int . southern tunnel - day a blast - wave of light fill the tunnel , chase its way towards nyssa and asad , overtake the reaper before they . asad throw himself at nyssa , knock she into the knee - deep water , shield she body with he own . beneath the water asad still burn , flaring up and disintegrate from the surface on downward like a piece of liquid - drench magnesium , bubbles stream from he write body . int . western tunnel - day darkness , then pattern of subtle shadow and light as we vision slowly return . fwash ! blade strike a flare . in the sputtering aureole , the aftermath be slowly reveal . blade crouch , unscathed , as if he be stand ground zero in the aftermath of Hiroshima . score of reaper ash -outline radiate out from he , some of they flash - sear into the surround brickwork wall like permanent shadow . int . southern tunnel - day blade slowly make he way down the tunnel , use the sputtering flare to guide he . as before , he see nothing but reaper ash outline . but then , blade see -- nyssa bleed and horribly burn despite asad 's sacrifice . blade crouch , scoop she up into he arm . CUT to : int . hospital - inner - CITY trauma ward - day bang ! blade kick open a pair of door , hurry nyssa inside . he 's carry she limp form in he arm , have wrap she in a blanket . blade himself look like hell warm over -- cover in blood , ash , and grime . he rush she towards the er , navigate through a maze of patient and visitors . a er nurse approach . er nurse Sir , you can not just -- wham ! blade shoulder the er nurse aside , barrel into the triage where bewilder doctor and orderlies wait . doctor what ?! blade she need a hypertransfusion . now ! blade set nyssa down on a operate table , pull off the blanket . she 's badly burn and she 's lose a enormous amount of blood . as we watch , she groans , revealing she fang . doctor ( aghast ) God in Heaven . just then , a policeman enter , gun draw . policeman alright , buddy , step away if -- whap ! blade slap the cop 's gun away and kick he in the chest . the cop fly backwards , slam into a bank of equipment , fall . a nurse scream . in a near blur , blade have he mach out and press against the Doctor 's forehead . blade do you want to die ? doctor not particularly . blade ( holster he mach ) then get you fuck team in gear . blade unsheathes he sword , deftly draw the edge across he wrist , open a vein . he cradle nyssa 's head , pull she mouth to the wound on he wrist . and as she start to feed we pull back and -- CUT to : ext . the CITY - dusk the sun dip towards the horizon . the shadow of the urban landscape lengthen and darken in time - lapse . int . scude workshop - shower - dusk blade stand beneath the showerhead , turn he face up into the scalding spray , rinsing the blood from he chisele physique . crimson water circle the drain . int . scude workshop - blade' sleeping area - dusk nyssa now rest on a cot . peaceful , the color have somewhat return to she feature . after a moment , she eye flutter open and she take in she surroundings . she be in blade 's austere bedroom -- there be tatami mat , a basin for water , a well - thumbed volume of Zen koan . a shaft of sunlight cut through a icy window pane above , angle down near nyssa 's cot . Dust mote swirl about it . nyssa focus on it . longingly . then she raise she arm and reach towards it . closer , closer -- just barely extend she hand into the light . her fingertip blacken and smoke , yet nyssa endure the pain for another moment . finally , she withdraw she hand , inspect the damage -- then notice blade watch she from the doorway . nyssa each day be a little life . blade what ? nyssa " each day be a little life . every waking and rise a little birth , every fresh morning a little youth , every go to rest and sleep a little death . " she look back to the sunlight , wistful , sit herself up . nyssa ( cont 'd ) anyone else make it ? blade I do not think so . blade enter , kneel by the edge of the cot , inspect she wound . studiously avoid she gaze . nyssa thank you . blade for what ? nyssa it would have be easy for you to let I die back there today , but you do not . blade ( shrugging ) I would not read too much into it . she reach for he face . blade stop she hand . blade ( cont 'd ) you do not want to go there . nyssa why ? blade because one of we be go to kill the other before this end . nyssa it do not have to be like that . we do not have to be enemy . blade get real . I be useful to damaskino as long as the hunt be still on . now that it 's over , all bet be off . nyssa ( pointedly ) if that 's true , then why would you save I ? blade stand now , move to the ice- cover window , troubled by the question . damned if he know the answer . after a beat , nyssa rise too , keep to the shadow . nyssa ( cont 'd ) why do you hate we so much ? blade I be a hunter . a weapon . it 's what I do . it 's in my blood . nyssa well it 's in mine , too . I be a pureblood . I be not turn . I be bear this way . just like you . be I evil because I want to survive ? ( beat ) what about a wolf ? what about any predator ? nyssa pursue blade , circle around in front of he so he have to face she again . nyssa ( cont 'd ) the only difference between you and I be that I make peace with who I be a long time ago . I be not ashamed of what I be . ( beat ) you have not be hunt we all this year . you have be hunt yourself . blade move away . she reach for he shoulder . he whirl on she , angry , trap she hand . she tire to pull it free but he grip she wrist tightly , pull she closer -- nyssa ( cont 'd ) you be hurt I . blade pain cut the deep , be not that what you say ? and closer , they face be just inch apart now -- blade ( cont 'd ) remind you you be alive ? and blade kiss she , hungrily . nyssa respond in kind . her head drop low , she mouth find the cord of he neck -- suck at he flesh , then sink she tooth in deep and -- wham ! blade clamp a hand around she throat , slamm she head back . a droplet of blood dribble from she lip as she let loose a breathless shudder . she 's in the ecstatic throes of the thirst now , all reason go . blade reach he other hand to she shirt , rip it open as he run he finger across she breast , then over she expose rib cage . he turn she around , force she against the wall , sink he own fang into the back of she neck . she groan as we -- CUT to : the two of they nake on the tatami mat upon which blade sleep . skin bead with sweat . breath steaming in the chill air . he 's atop she , move inside she with measure thrust . nyssa 's limb be wrap around he . she claw at the expanse of he back with she fingernails . her mouth be lock on blade 's throat , then he be lock on hers . together they drink , leeching blood from one another . pulling back again nyssa clutching greedily at blade like she never want to let go . her soul be go -- transport to that place we drift to when the euphoria overtake we and we be somehow able to transcend the horror of we fleeting life . finally , nyssa gasp , climaxing as she retract she fang from blade . her head roll to the side as she pupil -- focus on nothing short of eternity -- dilate unnaturally large . later blade and nyssa lie in each other 's arm , awash in moonlight , blissfully dead to the world until -- something make blade stir he sit up , listen . nyssa stir beside he . she move to speak but blade hold up a hand , silencing she . together , they slowly creep towards a nearby window where -- jare nomak' nightmare face be press up against the icy glass , stare back at they ! nyssa gasp . blade draw back with a start . but in the time it take to blink , nomak be go . just then , we hear a noise . scud appear in a doorway , groggy . SCUD what 's go on ? blade he be here . watch we . SCUD nomak ? blade he want we to know he 's hunt we now . moment later blade be at the computer workstation . he activate the footage of nomak he be view earlier . he fast - forward to a specific moment , then play it back at normal speed . blade ( cont 'd ) nomak say something to I before he disappear the first time -- blade point to the screen , say the word as nomak silently mouth they . blade ( cont 'd ) athelfiki singenia ex amato . at first I think he might have be use one of the vampire dialect . but it turn out , it 's Greek . do you know what it mean ? nyssa shake she head . blade ( cont 'd ) it mean " bloodbrother . " nyssa I do not understand . whistler ( o.s. ) well maybe I do . blade spin , he mach pistol up and ready to fire . whistler sit on the opposite side of the room , watch they as he smoke . whistler ( cont 'd ) ( to scud ) you security 's for shit , kid . blade where the hell have you be ? whistler just out connect a few dot . whistler rise from he chair . he flick he cigarette butt into the shadow and fix blade with a heavy stare . whistler ( cont 'd ) bangin ' some vampire chick . kind of a faux pas in we line of work , would not you say ? hope you double bag it , at least . blade be still guard , not yet ready to lower he mach . blade what 's you problem , whistler ? whistler why do not you ask you girlfriend ? blade look to nyssa , but she seem equally perplex . whistler ( cont 'd ) I do some check on that Carter Stevens character . that familiar of theirs who claim he be with the nih ? turn out he use to work for they , but he do not anymore . blade then who do he work for ? whistler give nyssa a rueful stare , then toss blade a research folder . on the cover be the same red , double- helix logo we see at damaskino ' facility . whistler some biotech outfit call caliban industry . they have be lie to we since day one . this nomak fucker do not evolve . he be design . nyssa look to blade , implore . nyssa I do not know what he 's talk about . whistler you expect we to believe that ? ( to blade ) who you go to trust , blade ? I or she ? ext . caliban industries - night a high - tech , heavily guard industrial complex nestle within a expanse of unassume wood acreage overlook the ocean . int . damaskino ' lair - night Carter Stevens shut down he computer workstation , then move to the heavy oak door , glance at a medical chart as he open it . when he look up -- steven you ? a fist punch Stevens in the face . blade stands in the entry way . whistler be behind he , hold a gun to nyssa . scud be there , too . blade ( mobe in on Stevens ) start talk , bitch . steven I do not know what you -- blade spin Stevens around , shove he face against a glass case , crush the man 's nose , spiderwebbing the glass . blade nomak ! you create he ! blade clamp he finger around Stevens ' break nose and twist it with a sicken crunch . Stevens scream , cave . steven ohgodohgodohgod ... ( in agony ) alright , alright . yes , we do ... ( gasp ) please ! please !!! blade release he . Stevens sink to the floor , cradling he brutalize face . blade keep talk , Stevens . tell I why . steven ( sputtering ) the shadow cabinet . for decade they have be try to find a way to rid themselves of they hereditary weakness . viral epidemiology , immunochemistry . recombinant DNA be the next logical step . nyssa ( genuinely horrify ) no , that 's not possible . they would not keep something like this from I ... steven you father do not want you to know . ( haltingly ) something go wrong . the reaper strain be too aggressive . then nomak escape . whistler and we be suppose to clean up you mess . Fucking perfect . steven ( defensive ) look , the fact that nomak be artificially create do not make the threat any less urgent . he be still out there , spread the reaper virus . but blade 's not concerned about that now . he 's get something more press on he mind . blade the genetic material you splice into nomak -- ( beat ; almost fearful ) where do you get it ? damaskino ( o.s. ) I should think that would be obvious at this point . angle on damaskino stand behind they . damaskino ( cont 'd ) we take the genetic material from you . int . caliban industries - elevate corridor - night damaskino lead they down a corridor . damaskino Jared nomak be you genetic brother . and I suppose if you follow that line of reason to its logical conclusion , then this be you offspring . damaskino reach to a nearby control panel , press a button . a pair of massive door slide apart , revealing : the eugenics chamber we be in a vast , multitier , temperature - control chamber -- equal part 21st century medical facility and Hammer House of horror . a network of catwalk look down upon the circular chamber , the center of which be dominate by a massive , steel cask , which be in turn ringed by a safety railing . the operation look not unlike a small - scale water purification plant , or perhaps a futuristic distillery . only in this instance , the liquid churn within the cask be human blood . tiny embryos each no bigger than a thumbnail , line the wall of the chamber , preserve in credit card size cryo-case . there be thousand of they , rest atop one another in rack with stretch from the floor on upwards . as damaskino remove a embryo from the rack , we see another embryo behind it . that cryo-case now slide forward with a whir , take the place of the one which damaskino remove . like some kind of perverse vend machine . God know how deep they be stack . if thousand be visible , there could be ten of thousand in total . damaskino hold the translucent cryo- case up to the light . the embryo within shudder , its tiny heart beat . damaskino ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) a new breed , begotten from you own flesh . immune to silver , even sunlight . ( step towards blade ) the wolf have lain with the sheep long enough . no more compromise . no more deal . only closure . boom ! we hear the tread of heavy footstep approach . all eye turn towards a side corridor . reinhardt enter from the shadow , hold scud 's rail - gun . much of he face have be burnt away , leave he with a ghastly death 's head mask of blacken muscle and expose bone . reinhardt put it back in park , blade . blade think you be dead . reinhardt seem like there 's a lot of that go around this day . as reinhardt aim the rail gun at blade , a dozen vampire guard appear on the catwalk above , also take aim . reinhardt ( cont 'd ) six - thousand foot per second , be not that what whistler say ? let 's see you dodge this one -- blade do he level best , pull he mach , squeezing off a shot even as reinhardt fire . BA - bang ! blade be hit in the side , spun clear around . his shot go wild , hit one of the Guards in the head , turn he to ash as blade himself fall to the floor . nyssa blade ! blade gasp in shock . the rail - gun needle have rip a brutal hole through the side of he chest - plate . he clutches at he flank , try to staunch the blood that 's seeping between he finger . as he sit forward , we see more flechettes have embed in the wall behind he , have tear completely through he . whistler step forward . one of the vampire sentries lash out , strike he in the face with the butt of he rifle . whistler sink to he knee , stunne . the guard disarm he . on blade gritting he tooth against the pain . he reach inside he combat harness , pull out the remote detonator for the explosive flechette in reinhardt 's skull . blade kiss you ass goodbye , reinhardt . SCUD you be waste you time , blade . the flechette 's a dud . scud cross over to reinhardt 's side . whistler stare at he in disbelief . SCUD ( cont 'd ) it be never suppose to explode . all it be suppose to do be make you feel like you be in control . blade 's eye darken with hatred . reinhardt laugh . reinhardt think you have I on a short leash , do not you , chief ? only it turn out , you be the one that 's be on the leash . reinhardt dig he claw into he scalp and tug the barb flechette from he skull . as he do so , blade 's remote detonator beeps to indicate it 's be tempere with . reinhardt finish remove it and sigh contentedly . reinhardt ( cont 'd ) that 's better . reinhardt toss the fletchette to scud , who grin , flipping down he lower lip to reveal a vampire glyph tattooe on it . SCUD see , I be one of damaskino ' familiar . blade look to nyssa who avert she gaze . SCUD ( cont 'd ) yeah , you little cootchie know . whistler you little shit . when do they get to you ? SCUD back when blade have I hunt down you pucker old ass . what 's up with you hair , anyway ? Fucking Willie Nelson look -a-like ? scud punch whistler in the face . SCUD ( cont 'd ) man , I so want to do that . scud shake he hand , which be smart from the blow . he look to blade now , angry . SCUD ( cont 'd ) and you . you never care about I . I give you everything . all you care about be digging up the old fuck ! you think they scope out my security system ? ( chuckle ) I let they in . dude , I practically give them the fuck key . I have be feed damaskino information the whole time . provide they with sample of you genetic material -- help they with the reaper program . they be close , blade . right up against it . any day now , they be all go to be daywalker . and when that happen , well , let 's just say , I do not want to be on the lose team . you may be strong , you may be fast , but in the end , you be just too human , B. he pinch blade 's cheek . then he stand up . SCUD ( cont 'd ) so that 's down and dirty . get anything to say for yourself ? blade ( weak , but defiant ) two thing . one , I be on to you the moment they turn you . and two -- ( raise the detonator ; smile ) I switch that dud of yours back with the real one . scud have a split-second of terrify , wide - eye realization before blade push the button and boom ! the flechette in scud 's hand explode , blow he body apart , spraying that nearest he with blood . primarily reinhardt . reinhardt Son of a bitch ! as the other react with vary degree of surprise and horror , reinhardt savagely kick blade across the face . he hit blade again and again , drive he down to the floor . then he bend and tug the sword from blade 's back -scabbard , prepare to cut he throat . damaskino reinhardt ! reinhardt hesitates . nyssa take a step towards blade , but damaskino stop she . damaskino gesture to he guard . they haul blade up and drag he from the lab . reinhardt gesture to whistler . reinhardt what about he , then ? ( crossing to whistler , handcuff he ) I and hobo Kelly here have a little unfinish business . damaskino wave dismissively . reinhardt take whistler away . int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night blade be drag into a large autopsy room . the vampire guard lay he on a steel autopsy table . he struggle against they , but he 's just too weak from loss of blood . eventually they get he secure , clamping he wrist and ankle into steel manacle which be affix to the table . int . caliban industries - security room - night close on blade 's sword pommel as the booby - trap blade in the handle spring out . reinhardt ( o.s. ) Nice . pull back to reveal reinhardt hold blade 's sword . he give it a few practice swing , then run he thumb along the blade . reinhardt ( cont 'd ) how many vampire do you think he 's kill with this thing ? on whistler sitting in the corner , he hand cuffed behind he back . we be in a security station fill with surveillance monitor offer various view of the laboratory complex . whistler not nearly enough , fritz . reinhardt keep talk , warmblood . reinhardt kick whistler in the face . reinhardt ( cont 'd ) when I be through with you , you will be begging for a dirt nap . whistler spit blood and glare up at reinhardt . whistler be dead before . do not much cotton to it . tell you what , chicken shit . you do you worst . we will settle up after . CUT to : int . caliban industries - eugenics chamber - night nyssa stand before the bank of vampire embryos , clearly troubled . damaskino regards she . damaskino ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) my child -- damaskino move in close to she , run a finger along she throat . she do not acknowledge it . damaskino ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) I would hate to think you be lose you perspective . who do you think God favor in the web ? the spider or the fly ? nyssa nomak say something to blade in Greek . athelfiki singenia ex amato . where do he learn that ? damaskino from he father , of course . nyssa ( horrify ) you experiment on you own , son ? damaskino slowly tighten he hand around nyssa 's throat . damaskino I have fathere thousand of child in century since I first walk this earth . make no mistake , nyssa . that blood - tie mean nothing to I when measure against the ascendancy of we race . nothing . ( give she a extra squeeze ) if you have any interest in remain alive , you would do well to remember that . damaskino release nyssa . she fall , gasping for breath . he stare down at she with disdain , then exit . CUT to : int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night damaskino enter , follow by Carter Stevens . the guard remain post at the main entrance of the room . damaskino approach , look down at blade . blade stare back at he , still defiant , but fight a lose battle . he 's die and he know it . his breathe be shallow . it 's a effort just to keep he eye open . damaskino with every century , human become more repulsive to I . once , you be soul to be take , corrupt . but you have disgrace yourselves to be nothing more than blood and meat . two surgeon snap on surgical glove . Stevens be enjoy see blade helpless . steven we be go to harvest you , blade . ( inject fluid into blade ) bone marrow , organ , everything . you tissue 's too valuable to let go to waste . blade ( weakly ) nomak be still out there . damaskino true , but thanks to you , we know he weakness . we can keep he contain . it 's just a matter of time before we hunt he down . blade too bad you be out of it . damaskino be amused by blade 's seem lack of concern . damaskino and why be that ? blade revenge . that 's what nomak want all along . to pay back the people who create he . steven you may be right . fortunately for we , he have no idea where this facility be locate . blade smile , laugh tiredly . blade he do now . ( off they concerned look ) he 's be watch I since the tunnel . follow I . I lead he right to you . blade lift up he hand , unfurl he previously close fist . there be a deep gash in he palm . blade ( cont 'd ) just like a trail of bread crumb . damaskino stare at blade 's hand , then look to the floor . a line of blood droplet lead back to the door through which he enter . CUT to : a series of quick shot various hallway , the helipad outside caliban industry , etc . in rapid succession , we see more trail of blood droplet . then , just as quickly , we be back -- int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night with damaskino and company . suddenly , the light above they flicker then go out . as emergency light kick on -- bang ! bang ! bang !bang ! all eye turn towards a steel security door which be shudder -- bulg and bend inwards as nomak throw himself against it . damaskino look to a bank of security monitor which be flicker back to life now . we see nomak 's blurred silhouette from various angle , pummel the door . then -- ripppppp !!! a portion of the door be claw open and we see a glimpse of nomak 's snarling face . nomak ( roaring ) father ! damaskino ' eye widen in terror as he stumble backwards , activate a alarm . he look to the guard , scream . damaskino stop he ! damaskino run for he life , rush out the opposite door , quickly follow by Stevens as we -- CUT to : int . caliban industries - corridor - night nyssa hear the alarm and move into a corridor light by red , strobing emergency light . vampire guard be rush past . int . caliban industries - security room - night reinhardt also hear the alarm . he look to the surveillance monitor where he sees nomak . reinhardt shit ! behind he , we see whistler take advantage of the distraction . he fold he leg up under he , work he cuffed hand over he foot . when reinhardt spin back away from the security monitor -- whistler be gone . a steel grate in the floor lie half open . the obvious mean of exit . CUT to : int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night as nomak continue tear down the autopsy door , bullet hammer into he back . he turn , see a dozen guard firing at he , they gunfire chew the shit out of the concrete wall around he . nomak stagger , but do not go down as clear blood spray from the body hit . int . caliban industries - maintenance conduit - night whistler shuffles forward through the narrow conduit on he elbow . we hear footstep . through the metal grating above , we glimpse two figure rush past -- int . caliban industries - another corridor - night damaskino and Stevens round a corner , spilling into several guard . he shove he fellow vampire aside . damaskino get out of the way . CUT to : int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night close on a grate move up from the floor . whistler emerge , rush to blade 's side . as he start frantically release blade from he bond , he look to the ravage door -- whistler' Pov ( through the v-shaped gap in door ) nomak savage the guard , fling they into the air . a guard 's body hit the V -gap in the door and obscure we view as -- whistler redouble he effort , finally freeing blade . he help he from the autopsy table . blade be sink , start to fade . whistler slap he face , shaking he . whistler come on , blade . talk to I ! blade ( weakly ) blood ... int . caliban industries - autopsy room hallway - night carnage . a frazetta painting come to life . nomak atop dead guard , drain the last of he victim ' blood . he whip he face in we direction and roar , charge the door -- int . caliban industries - autopsy room - night wham ! the door give way and nomak enter . to the right , he sees whistler and blade exite . to the leave , he sees the security monitor . damaskino and Stevens can be glimpse in one of this monitor . nomak move to the leave . int . caliban industries - third corridor - night blade clutches he bleed side , staggering down the corridor towards a door mark " eugenic " with whistler 's help . by all rights , blade should be dead . but he continue on , move towards the door with determination . int . caliban industries - 4 - way intersection - night close on a hand twist a safety lever on the floor . pull back to reveal Stevens manually activate a series of hydraulic lock - down latch . chink ! chink!chink ! the door of the Eastern , Northern , and western corridor be sealing , lock - down latch clamping down for extra security . even as the western door seal , we glimpse nomak rush towards it with inhuman speed . on steven panicked , turn towards the open elevator cab where -- damaskino be wait . but even as Stevens start towards the elevator , damaskino dispassionately press the " close door " button . steven what be you do ?!! Stevens rush towards the close elevator door , but it 's too late . he pound he fist against they . behind he , we hear a terrible rending of metal as the western door give . Stevens look in that direction -- in a eyeblink , nomak be upon he , slamming he hand over Stevens ' face , crush it . int . caliban industries - elevator cab - night as damaskino slide a security card through a reader and punch in a code , a thin spray of blood jet across he pale forearm . he look to the elevator door . the spray of blood be come through the vertical door seal . the metal door shudder violently and then the cab begin to ascend . damaskino retreat to the far corner of the elevator , breathe a sigh of relief . CUT to : int . caliban industries - eugenics chamber - night whoosh ! a pneumatic door slide open . blade and whistler enter . they be on the second level now , up amongst the catwalk . below they be the churn cask of purify blood . they have almost reach the end of the catwalk when -- reinhardt and he men converge on the lab from two direction at once . some of the vampire spill through the door on the second level with reinhardt , while other enter on the ground floor . reinhardt stop he !!! as reinhardt take aim at blade with the shotgun , the other vampire FIRE . whistler be hit in the leg . he go down , crying out , then grip blade 's arm , shove he onward -- whistler go !!! on blade grip the guard rail for support , drag himself along . reinhardt fire . a shotgun blast hit blade , graze he but otherwise miss he . as reinhardt curse and prepare to fire again -- blade make it to the end of the catwalk , pitching himself out into open space . time slow to a crawl as blade tumble downward , plummete into -- the blood cask below blade sink from view , disappear beneath the churn slurry of crimson . a beat pass as reinhardt and he man draw closer , apprehensive . then , a explosion of blood gush over reinhardt and the other . they fall backwards , blind , slip -- blade surface from the cask in morbidly glorious slow-motion . think of sheen in the end-sequence of apocalypse now , only instead of a river of mud , blade be cover head - to - toe in crimson . majestic and glisten . a primordial god . he rear back he head , let loose a triumphal roar . reinhardt 's man hesitate . one look at blade 's eye and we can see he 's tapped into a well - spring of fury even he never know he have . the man be super - charge and ready for war . blade tear into the vampire , unleash a blizzard of martial art move . he power a right hook into the first vampire 's face , then pivot , launching a devastating spin back - fist into the face of a second . at the same time , he rip the second guard 's security belt from he waist , twirling it around nanchadku - style to blind a third guard and capture the wrist of a fourth . some vampire FIRE they gun , but blade be a whirlwind , shifting and dodging . bullet go wild , hit circuitry , exploding apart cannister of combustible chemical . in second , flame be lick across the laboratory floor . blade drop , cause a pair of vampire to FIRE they gun at one another . then blade knock two more vampire onto they ass with a foot sweep . then he 's up again . slam the bridge of a fifth vampire 's nose into he brain with a palm heel strike . a snap kick , a overhand elbow strike , a knee stamp that shatter 's the vampire 's knee cap . a upward block , a jab , a cross , a shin kick aim at a vamp 's quadricep . overhand punch , rise punch , parallel punch , spin rear elbow , deep kick , on and on and on and on in a orgy of super- hero violence until -- wham ! blade cut the last of the vampire soldier down , turn from the creature 's disintegrate body to face -- reinhardt the vampire mercenary clutches blade 's sword in he hand , but the weapon provide he with little sense of security give that he 's just see a dozen of he man slaughter . the automatic sprinkler system be on now , spraying water down upon blade and reinhardt alike . blade advance . reinhardt 's be cornere . there 's nowhere else for he to run . refuse to be cow , reinhardt scream and bring the sword down at blade 's head when whoosh -- but blade swing he hand upward , slapping they on either side of the blade , trapping the sword on its downward arc . reinhardt strain , try to tear the sword away from blade 's grip . the vampire 's eye widen in fear . and during that split-second in which the two man be freeze , connect by the weapon which vibrate between they , blade say : blade tell I something , chief . can you blush ? twhish ! the sword twist free from reinhardt 's grasp , spin upward into the air . reinhardt stumble backwards against the blood cask railing as -- blade catch the sword on its way down , swinging it around in one fluid motion , slice reinhardt 's torso in half , along with a diagonal axis ! reinhardt sink to he knee as the two halve split apart , turn to ash before they hit floor . beat . blade stand beneath the spray of the overhead sprinkler , rinsing the blood from he body . he turn towards the exit , sword in hand . CUT to : int . caliban industries - lobby - night a set of elevator door open , disgorge damaskino . Beyond the lobby window we can see a wait helicopter , vampire soldier readying it for take - off . damaskino rush across the lobby and be almost at the exit when -- chunk ! chunk!chunk ! a series of steel shutter slam down over the door and window . damaskino try to tug one of the shutter upwards , then move to a keypad nearby . he start hurriedly tapping in a numeric sequence when we hear : nyssa ( o.s. ) I overrode the security code . damaskino spin around . nyssa stand behind he . she 's get whistler 's rail - gun in she hand . nyssa ( cont 'd ) we be lock in . damaskino be you insane ? he will kill we both ! nyssa maybe it 's better that way . as if in response , a grinding shudder come from the elevator door . damaskino spin in wide - eye horror , then -- blade ( o.s. ) what 's it go to be , damaskino ? thiavolos . the devil you know -- blade enter the lobby from a mezzanine above , sword in hand . blade ( cont 'd ) -- or the devil you do not ? damaskino turn back to he daughter , make a last appeal . damaskino ( vampire dialect ; subtitle ) for God 's sake , nyssa ! let we out of here ! wham ! wham ! wham ! nomak pound away . the elevator door be start to buckle , then they tear apart completely -- nomak burst into the lobby , roaring . if anything , he be even more animalistic now , he feature have become grossly distort . nomak ( in vampire dialect ) why be you frighten , father ? the prodigal son have return . damaskino scurries backwards , but there 's nowhere leave to run . nomak descend on he , lift the vampire into a rib crush embrace , chomping he elongate canine into damaskino ' throat . damaskino squeal like a child as he life - blood be suck out of he . his body begin to cave inward , shrink and twist until there 's nothing leave but shrivel husk . nyssa heft the rail - gun and fire at nomak 's back . nomak howl , release damaskino ' body , then turn , focus he blood - drunk gaze on nomak . blade ( alarmed ) get out of here ! but nyssa stand she ground , rachetting back the slide on the rail - gun , readying to unleash another barrage of needle . nomak charge , move at unbelievable speed . she fire again , aim at nomak 's chest -- but then nomak be upon she . he slap the rail - gun from she hand , smashing it to piece . then he wrap he hand around she throat , pull she forward , sink he tooth into she neck . nyssa scream . blade ( cont 'd ) nyssa !!! on blade as he leap from the mezzanine level , sword extend , like beowulf diving to slay grendel . he plunge the sword deep into nomak 's upper torso . then drive it in even further -- nomak release nyssa and back -hands blade across the face , send he sailing through the air . he land , skid across the floor -- on nomak stumbling backwards into the wall . the sword have sink so deep that the tip be actually protrude out he back , scraping a gash across the wall as nomak slide towards the floor . nomak grunt , then reach for the pomeel with he ruin hand . he grip the pommel and snap the sword - blade in half . then he slam against the wall , force the half of the break blade that 's still embed in he out back through the front of he chest . as nomak rise to he foot -- blade be on he again , snap -kick the reaper in the chest . nomak retaliate . blade somersault out of the way , then spring back again , kicking nomak in the face , breaking nomak 's neck . nomak 's head loll unnaturally sideways for a heartbeat and then nomak swing he head around , somehow righting he neck vertebrae with a snap of he head . they trade blow , a brutal death - match that seem to defy gravity . blade move in for a round - house punch , but nomak catch he fist , hold it for a split -second , then bend blade 's hand at a unnatural angle , snapping he wrist bone . the pain be enormous . nomak start beat the live shit out of blade , pummel he with he fist , grip by a uncontrollable rage . he smashes blade against a marble column , crack it . then he fling blade against one of the brush steel wall - so hard that blade 's body actually leave a indentation . before blade can recover , nomak be in front of he , launching another kick . blade roll he head out of the way , barely avoid nomak 's boot heel which dent the wall . nomak kick a second time . blade avoid nomak , but third time 's the charm and nomak land one squarely in blade 's gut . blade fall beneath a flurry of blow , unable to defend himself any longer . blood stain he eye , obscure he vision . he strike out blindly , but nomak have force he to the ground , pin he there . as blade struggle to free himself -- nomak lower he head towards blade 's face . the scar / seam in nomak 's chin split open and nomak 's lower jaw flare apart , distend and widen to reveal the awful , glisten hell maw -- the hollow inner fang and striate cartilage which be close about blade 's face . blade twist he head violently to the right , then glimpsis the break tip of he sword rest a few foot away . he reach for it in desperation , plunging it up into nomak 's chest . nomak howl . because the hilt have be break off , blade be force to grip the cut edge of the weapon with he bare hand . it slice into he finger -- but blade just grip the break sword tighter , ignore the pain , drive it deeper and deeper -- until , suddenly , it penetrate the cartilaginous shell around nomak 's heart and -- nomak ( in vampire dialect ) blood brother . nomak smile , cover blade 's hand with he own . he look blade in the eye , then drive the break sword home . nomak 's body stiffen , he eye grow unsee , a oddly serene look spread across he torture face . a patch of blackness begin radiating outward from he chest , move over he body , carbonize he from within . as he blacken flesh begin to crack , blue flame flicker out from the fissure . in second , nomak be go . beat . blade stand , exhaust . then he look to where nyssa rest . he move to she side , kneel beside she . she smile up at he , bravely , but frighten all the same . blade inspect the wound on she neck . it 's clearly fatal . nyssa how do it look ? blade ( with genuine sadness ) not good . nyssa nod . blade have only confirm she exist fear . nyssa it will not be long now . I can already feel it burn inside I -- she grip blade 's arm , she eye welling with tear . nyssa ( cont 'd ) I do not want to become what nomak be -- ( beat ; strain ) I can not . I want to die while I be still vampire . blade sigh . the burden be all to familiar to he . blade what do you want I to do ? nyssa I want to see the sun rise . on blade he face a mask of sad resignation . he lift nyssa into he arm . she close she eye , rest she head on he chest . ext . caliban industries - just before dawn the shutter over the door and window slowly rise . blade shoulder open the front door , move across the lawn towards a bluff overlook the ocean . a moment later , whistler emerge into the light , watch as blade set nysa down on the grass . her eye flutter open and she look into -- the horizon where the faintest glimmer of pre-dawn light brighten the cloud-swept sky . it 's peaceful . we can hear the surf crash on the shore below . together they wait . a glimmer of light emerge over the earth 's curvature , spread its dazzle radiance out across the skyline . nyssa 's eye widen in expectation , she breath catch . she look up at blade , stroking he face , smile . nyssa each day be a little life . remember ? blade nod , he 's strong for she . despite he best effort , a tear slide down he cheek . they kiss then as the sun rise in full glory , flooding the world with its brilliance . blade hold nyssa tightly to he chest , refuse to relinquish he grip as she body catch fire . the end be blessedly quick -- not a slow - burn of blaze agony , but a nearly seamless transition from life -- to ash ... nyssa collapse apart in blade 's arm , billow out around he in a cloud of glow ember . one moment she 's there , the next she 's go . blade remain where he be , kneel on the bluff , the wind carry the last trace of nyssa aloft into the sky . he shut he eye . turn he face to the warmth of the sun , surrender himself to acceptance . we rise up isolate blade alone on the windswept bluff . after a moment , whistler move to blade 's side . he rest a hand on blade 's shoulder , but do not say a word . we keep move up and up until the two of they be just a pair of tiny figure on the roll coastline . then we -- dissolve to : a series of closeup image of a weapon be forge , all filter through shimmer convection wave of intense heat . we see a hammer clanging down . the fire of a roaring furnace . SPARKS shower up from titanium slowly be give shape . molten silver . acid etching . and then we pull back to reveal -- int . blade' workshop - night blade work before a forge by moonlight , he body drip with sweat . he slip he hand in a protective glove and grip the red-hot weapon , dousing it in a quench bucket . as a cloud of steam envelop blade , he lift it up for view . a new sword perfect . lethal . wrought from titanium , plate in sliver . as blade inspect the sword , we hear he earlier word again : blade ( v.o. ) I be a hunter . a weapon . it 's what I do . it 's in my blood ... satisfied with he work , blade smile -- ext . fuckingham palace - night a shit-hole porno emporium offer the latest in bag - for your-pleasure euro-raunch . int . fuckingham palace - night rush , the vampire brother wanna - be from the open of the film , be up at the register , exchange a twenty for a handful of token . he 's hum along to that old e-rotic song " voulez- vous couchez avec moi " . rush -- yell for you tender touch , you can never get enough -- we follow he down a hall line with video booth , serenade all the while by the cheesy synth soundtracks and fake orgasmogroan come from beyond the door . rush ( cont 'd ) -- cover I with you love -- rush stop at " buddy Booth no. 3 - hot one-on-one action . " int . buddy booth - night rush step inside . there 's a chair set in front of a plexiglas window , a intercom with a phone receiver , box of kleenex , and a slot for the token . rush get himself situate , pick up the receiver , then eagerly pop some token in the slot . rush voulez-vous coucher avec moi , ce soir ! voulez-vous coucher avec moi !!! with a hum , the screen in front of the window rise , offer we a view of the booth on the other side of the plexiglas . only instead of a skank out booth girl , rush find himself stare in open-mouthed astonishment at -- blade who flash a evil smile at we . blade what ? you think I forget about you ? in a near blur , blade draw he new sword from he back scabbard and stab it right into camera , smashing apart the plexiglas window as we -- fade to black . ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;