blade runner screenplay by hampton fancher July 24 , 1980 Brighton production Inc. 1420 no. beachwood drive Hollywood , calif. 90028 **************** int . tyrell corporation locker room - day 1 the eye 2 it 's magnify and deeply reveal . fleck of green and yellow in a field of milky blue . icy filament surround the undulate center . the eye be brown in a tiny screen . on the metallic surface below , the word voight -kampff be finely etched . there 's a touch - light panel across the top and on the side of the screen , a dial that register fluctuation of the iris . the instrument be no bigger than a music box and sit on a table between two man . the man talk be big , look like a over-stuffed kid . " leon " it say on he breast pocket . he 's dress in a warehouseman 's uniform and he pudgy hand be fold expectantly in he lap . despite the obvious heat , he look very cool . the man face he be lean , hollow cheek and dress in gray . detach and efficient , he look like a cop or a accountant . his name be holden and he 's all business , except for the sweat on he face . the room be large and humid . row of salvage junk be stack neatly against the wall . two large fan whir above they head . leon okay if I talk ? Holden do not answer . he 's center Leon 's eye on the machine . leon I kinda get nervous when I take test . holden do not move . leon sorry . he try not to move but finally he lip can not help a sheepish smile . leon already have i.q. test this year -- but I do not think I never have a ... holden ( cut in ) reaction time be a factor in this , so please pay attention . answer quickly as you can . Leon compress he lip and nod he big head eagerly . Holden 's voice be cold , gear to intimidate and evoke response . holden you be in a desert , walk along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a ... leon what one ? it be a timid interruption , hardly audible . holden what ? leon what desert ? holden do not make any difference what desert -- it 's completely hypothetical . leon but how come I would be there ? holden maybe you be feed up , maybe you want to be by yourself -- who know . so you look down and see a tortoise . it 's crawl towards you ... leon a tortoise . what 's that ? holden know what a turtle be ? leon of course . holden same thing . leon I never see a turtle . he see Holden 's patience be wear thin . leon but I understand what you mean . holden you reach down and flip the tortoise over on its back , Leon . keeping a eye on he subject , Holden note the dial in the voight - kampff . one of the needle quiver slightly . leon you make this question , Mr. Holden , or they write them down for you ? disregard the question , Holden continue , pick up the pace . holden the tortoise lay on its back , its belly baking in the hot sun , beat its leg try to turn itself over . but it can not . not without you help . but you be not help . Leon 's upper lip be quivering . leon whatcha mean , I be not help ? holden I mean you be not help ! why be that , Leon ? Leon look shocked , surprised . but the needle in the computer barely move . Holden go for the inside of he coat . but big Leon be faster . his laser burn a hole the size of a nickel through Holden 's stomach . unlike a bullet , a laser cause no impact . it go through Holden 's spine and come out he back , clean as a whistle . like a rag doll he fall back off the bench from the waist up . by the time he hit the floor , big slow Leon be already walk away . but he stop , turn and with a little smile of satisfaction , fire at the machine on the table . there 's a flash and a puff of smoke . the voight - kampff be hit dead center , crippled but not destroy ; as Leon walk out of the room , one of its light begin to blink , faint but steady . ext . desert - night 3 the horizon mark by a thin copper line that maybe the end , of the beginning of a day . the train that follow , cut through the night at 400 mile a hour . int . train - night 4 no clickitty - clack of track - bound noise , it 's a long , insulate pullman of contoure seat and low - key lighting , coloured to soothe , and empty , except for the passenger half way down . his eye close , head rest against the glass . ten year ago , deckard might have be a athlete , a track man or a welter - weight . the body look it , but the face have see some time -- not all of it good . int . train - refreshment dispenser - night 5 deckard come down the aisle , slip a coin into the mechanism , receive a beer and return to he seat . int . train - night 6 tire of the program , he take off the headset and drop it next to three empty beer bottle and a sandwich wrapper , adjust he position and wind up stare at he reflection in the window . run a hand over he face , it could use a shave . he lean closer and peer through the glass . out there in the black a sign flash past : san angele , three minute . ext . platform - night 7 the train slide in , smooth as a eel , and stop with - out a sound . carry a bag and umbrella , deckard disembark ahead of the other passenger and into the sweltering night . int . corridor - night 8 deckard have get he coat swing over he shoulder , he shirt already damp , as he walk down the long , hollow passage under orb of yellow light . ext . terminal - night 9 deckard unlock he car and get in . turn the ig - nition and hit a sensor . the dash console glow and deckard sit back wait for the air unit to cool thing off . deckard ( v.o . ) it be 97 degree in the city and no hope of improvement . not bad if you be a lizard . but two hour earlier I be drink acquavit with a eskimo lady in North East Alaska . that 's a tough change to make . it be so good , I do not want to leave , so I leave a day early . a little detach , deckard tap another sensor on the panel , light up a cigarette and watch as he me - sage flash across the viewer state date , time and caller . the last one be repeat five time . deckard sigh , switch off the viewer and get on the radio . deckard contact . this be blade runner one call com-fast 27 . the SOUND of a chime precede the mechanical female voice that answer . voice blade runner one , stand by please . a pause . follow by a husky male voice . voice deckard . deckard yah , gaff . gaff ( voice ) where the hell you be ? deckard you know where I be . I be on vacation . gaff next time you go on vacation , do I a favor , let we know where it be . deckard what 's up ? gaff Holden get hit . there be a pause . that be bad news . deckard bad ? gaff severe spine . you would better get in here . Bryant 's wait for you . deckard I will see you in a minute . the engine revs , the wiper rake two week of dust off the windshield and deckard jam out of the lot . int . the hall of justice - night 10 a enormous grey vault of a building . a businesslike deckard stride down a long corridor with he brief - case and police id pin to he coat . deckard ( v.o. ) i-x-4 -p-d refer to as a nexus -6 , the tyrell Corporation 's new pride and joy . Holden be administer the voight - kampff test when one nail he . the door in front of deckard slide open and he walk through . deckard ( v.o. ) the nexus - 6 must be fast because Holden be as quick as they come . the report say there be six of they . Three male and three female . led by a combat model call Roy batty . int . inspector bryant's office - night 11 the inspector be in he fifty . the deep crease in he face , the break capillary in he nose say brawler , spoiler , drinker , but the diploma on the wall say something else . Bryant 's kneele at he safe try to open it . deckard it sit on the edge of the desk read the print-out . deckard ( v.o. ) they escape from the colony two week ago . kill twenty - three people and jump a shuttle . a aerial patrol find the ship in the desert . no crew . Bryant get the safe open and bring out a bottle of whiskey . deckard ( v.o. ) Bryant 's get a liver problem . a couple year back he hand I a bottle and say have a drink for another man . I be drink for he ever since . deckard set down the report and take the shot Bryant just pour for he . deckard six , huh ? bryant five . Three night ago one of they manage to break into the tyrell Corporation . kill two guard and get as far as the genetic sector before he get fry go through a electro - field . deckard what be he after ? bryant there be not much leave of he , so we can not be sure . but bio - chemical data and morphology record of the nexus - 6 be report miss . go on the possibility they might try to infiltrate we send Holden in to run voight - kampff test on the new employee . guess he find himself one . a grim pause . deckard you get a machine on it yet ? bryant we be use esper -- a 231 -- that pick up Holden 's alarm . its guess be that all five be in the city . deckard where do we start ? Bryant 's back at the safe lock up he bottle . bryant the tyrell Corporation have a demo model . check it out on the voight - kampff . there 's a chance the nexus - 6 be beyond out ability to detect . if that 's the case , everybody 's up shit creek . deckard what be the cover on the one that get Holden ? bryant industrial refuse . deckard garbage man ? Bryant nod . deckard do personnel have a address on he ? Bryant fish a piece of paper out of he pocket , copy down a number and hand it over . deckard I will go take a look . deckard stand and hold up he drink . deckard thanks . like a sick boy look out of the window , Bryant watch deckard down the whiskey . deckard put down the glass and turn to leave . deckard ( v.o. ) the big incentive to emigrate be still free labor . if the public find out that they door-prize might kill they , they might not be so hot to go up there . this be one of the worst one 's we have and Bryant be worried . he want to tell I to be discrete or something . but I do not give he a chance . ext . leon' HOTEL entrance - night 12 a electrical storm be brewing . deckard stand out - side the entrance to a old hotel hold a umbrella , as people scuttle into doorway to avoid the sudden downpour . int . leon' HOTEL lobby - night 13 a heavy metal maze of cubicle and perilous iron balcony , people with reject from the surface world ; mato grosso Indians in white man 's clothes and other lower echelon welfare recipient . Drop city be crowded , cramped and darkly alive . deckard step out of a elevator and move through the crowd . a cloud of steam drift up through a grate as two old man , clad in towel descend a flight of stair under a neon sign that say bath house . a musty subterranean wind ripple deckard 's clothes as he turn into a alcove . he stop in front of a door that say , manager and push the buzzer . it 's open by a emphysema victim with a oxygen tank lash to he hip . deckard flash he id and speak some word which be inaudible due to the tuba music down the hall . the man grab a key from he wall , hand it over and shut the door . int . leon' HOTEL corridor - night 14 the companion way below deck of a big ship be no more bewilder than the up and downs and in and out of this establishment . but deckard find the door he 's look for . he pause a moment , listen , then knock . he insert the key and with a hand on he gun open it . int . leon be room - night 15 a empty room . a cot and not much else . he step in and stand quiet as a hunter sense the sign . for a place surround by greasy hovel it be surprisingly clean . spartan in fact . the towel by the spotless basin be perfectly fold . deckard run two finger over a shelf . no dust . he look in the waste basket . wad up candy wrapper . the bed by the window be neatly make . deckard look under it , then run he hand along both side of the mattress . the closet . there 's one suit in it . he pat it down . nothing . a show box on the floor . he stoops , take out what look like a pen from he pocket and care - fully trace it over the box . assure of its harm - lessness , he lift off the lid . it contain a little stack of photo bound with a rubber band . deckard remove they , go to the lamp by the balcony window and turn it on . a touch collection of family snapshot . the kind of anonymous stuff sell by the bunch in dusty junk shop . the family dog . junior on the pony squinting in the sun . uncle Ben clowning with the kid . the fade polaroid of Christmas morning . simple picture of simple folk celebrate the family bond . a curious collection for the like of Leon and deckard study they with interest . ext . STREET below - night 16 oblivious to the cloudburst , a blue -ey albino stand in the doorway , peddle candy and artificial flower look like he would never be touch by the light of day . Leon be stand behind he , stare up at he room , watch deckard at the window . he 's still wear he coverall , but he look different . his face be more intent , smarter and angry . ext . STREET below - night 17 for one seethe moment it look like Leon might mash something , but suddenly he swing away and disappear into the crowd . int . leon be room - night 18 deckard pocket the picture and move away from the window . ext . alley - night 19 Leon 's get a neck like a fire hydrant and leg to match , but he 's a graceful runner . look like he could do it for day . and he could . he 's put a lot of alley behind he and he 's not out of breath . ext . chinatown - night 20 slow down he cut into a open and come out onto a narrow street . the asian Quarter . int . chop suey house - night 21 a seamy as well as steamy little place . counter and small table . Old slant -ey ender humped over they fume bowl jabber and slurping . the only voice come out clear be from the big three - D tv on the back wall . as the mellow - mouth tv announcer deliver the message , a latin-look beauty in a well - fitte maid uniform do a twirl , flash a beguile smile and glide out of frame . announcer's voice choose from a variety of seventy nine different personality type . each and every one a loyal trouble - free companion give to you upon you arrival absolutely free ... the Latin beauty be replace by a impeccable Ray bolger type gentleman 's gentleman who click he heel , snap to attention and strut off to make room for the next . announcer's voice to use as personal body servant to tireless field hand -- the custom tailore humanoid robot , design especially for you need . the chinese be pay no attention , but the man and the woman seat at the table by the window be . the woman be pretty , a touch of gray in she hair , kind and blue -ey . mary look like a american dream mom , right out of " Father know best . " the man also resemble a tradition : the gym instructor , short cropped hair with the body of a drill sergeant , but the eye be grey and chill . roy batty be a presence of force with a lazy , but acute sense of what go on around he . Leon have just come through the door behind they . try - ing not to be the bull in a china shop , he approach they table and kneel . batty do not bother to look at he , which amplify the note of sarcasm in he quiet voice . batty do you get you precious ' thing ' ? leon somebody be already there . batty Police . leon just a man . batty Police man . Leon look sullen . batty why do not you have a seat . there 's one next to he . Leon pull it over and sit . batty enjoy the view . from the pot on the table , Mary pour tea and they sit so quiet and still in this noisy place that they seem almost invisible . the view they be " enjoy " be through the window . outside the neon side in the win - dow directly across the street say : hannibal chew , member . int . hannibal chew' shop - night 22 chew be a spindly old man of precision , he veile eye be shrewd and chinese , but the rest of he look like a Charles dicken invention . he 's get a jeweler ' glass stick in he eye , lurched over a lamp , squinting at something in he hand . after a moment he lip peal back into a sour , belligerent smile . chew well , you be right . this little honey have a couple of defective cone . he snap off the lamp and swing round to face he client . sebastian be face be almost young , but something have go too far , too fast . premature old age have make he bone brittle and he co-ordination slow . the house may be dark but there 's a light on in it . se - bastian be a closet genius . chew you be a regular perfectionist , sebastian . sebastian 's apologetic , especially around the acerbic Mr. chew . sebastian it 's gotta be right for my customer . chew you customer , eh ? chew snicker and beckon . sebastian follow he down a high narrow hall to a heavy insulate door . there 's a moth -eaten full length fur coat hang by it . chew tug it on and they go through . the big door slam shut behind they . int . cold storage room - night 23 except for the work table with its sharp gleam in - strument , the room be as barren and sterile as a morgue . the glass - door compartment in the wall look like crypt . some of they small as post office box . from one of the chew remove a vacuum , pack box . carefully separate the seal , he reach into the purple jell and with a pair of tweezers extract a eye . through the jeweler 's glass , which he have not bother to remove , chew hold the eye up to the light and study it a moment . his other hand search through he pocket . chew you get a pocket - charge , boy ? Quick to accommodate , sebastian remove a pencil-like device from a row of such thing in he breast pocket and step closer . the back of the eye be touch with the pencil and the pupil move . suddenly its stare back at they . chew be that good enough for you customer ? anxious to leave , sebastian nod . chew reseal the eye take he time . he can afford to , he 's wear he coat . chew how much be he pay you ? in place of a answer , sebastian clear he throat , stare at the bag like he do not hear . chew well , when do you get pay ? sebastian soon as I finish the job . chew when might that be ? sebastian Day after tomorrow . chew oh ! Day after tomorrow . sebastian nod . chew stare at the poor bastard , con - cern in spite of himself . chew the rich hate to pay , sebastian . a guy like tyrell keep you wait . pay the little guy last . you should charge twice as much . it will make he feel better . sebastian nod he head like that 's exactly what he will do . chew see it 's hopeless and hand he the bag . sebastian thanks , Mr. chew . chew pull the door open for he and sebastian go through quick as a dog . ext . hannibal chew' store - STREET - night 24 sebastian may lack co-ordination but he get what he come for and there 's a hopeful spring to he walk as he head for he truck . int . sebastian' ambulance - night 25 it 's a old panel job with ambulance siren and light . the lettering on the side read " j.r. sebastian - animoid express . " sebastian get in , start up the engine and suddenly realize he 's not alone . it 's a jolt that cause he to yelp . pris be sprawle on the seat next to he , and wake up with a yelp of she own . they stare at one another for a startle instant , and she jump out and start walk - ing . but she 's forget she little beat - up overnight case . sebastian put the truck in gear , drive next to she and open the door . sebastian hey ! you forget you ... he hold up the bag . hesitantly she reach for it . sebastian how come you be in my truck ? pris I be tired and do not have any place to go . she stare at he , hand on she case , look lose . sebastian be not good at this , but he try . sebastian you can get back in if you want ... she can not make up she mind . sebastian do not worry , I will not hurt you . she get in . both of they be silent . people be not sebastian 's medium -- usually he 's too shy , but this girl be shyer still , plus they be about the same age -- it give he courage . sebastian what 's you name ? pris pris . sebastian mine 's j.f. sebastian . pris hi . so pleased with the way that go , he forget for a while what come next . sebastian oh ! where do you want to go ? she shrug . that leave he a lot of responsibility . he throw she side - long glance , but she 's not help . sebastian you want to go home ? pris I do not have one . sebastian oh . what do you do with a teenage beauty who look like she 's lose out of some " welcome to sunny Arizona " poster ? sebastian where be you folk ? pris they leave . sebastian what about friend ? pris I have some , but I have to find out where they be stay . she lean forward and rest she elbow on the dash . her body would win prize , from any angle . sebastian well , where should I take you ? she look at he , a shadow of enticement in she clear blue eye . pris we scared each other pretty good do not we ? sebastian we sure do . she giggle and laugh . pris I be hungry , j.f. sebastian I have get stuff . if you wanna go to my place ? pris I be hope you would say that . sebastian 's face be normally on the grey side , but it just turn red . he turn on the ignition and they pull away from the curb . int . deckard be car - freeway - night 26 speed along the freeway . the terminal in the com - munication console light . deckard 's right hand just finish a punch -up . the screen flash back . request deckard punch up . letter flash across the screen : esper screen flash back : clearance deckard punch up . blade runner one code ml-33 pause . screen flash : stand by . deckard 's voice have be hear over the precede . deckard ( v.o. ) machine can be helpful sometimes , but they can also be a pain in the ass . ask for a trace on a forger and you might wind up at a steel - mill . I do not mind a bum-steer once in a while -- it 's they personality that usually get I . somebody once say that man make machine in he own image . if that 's true , whoever make esper should have be shot . esper this be esper and I be ready . go ahead please . esper 's deep melodious voice be anxious to please , and oile with a touch of self - pity . deckard you equip for random question ? esper why , yes , of course . deckard you start . esper the five in question be third generation nexus six , construct of skin-flesh culture , select enogenic transfer conversion capable of self - perpetuate think , para- physical ability and develop for emigration program . be you with I ? deckard how do I stop one ? esper unlike a five , they can sustain massive trauma to several part of the body without debilite another . sever a leg and it will perform quick on the remain leg than the fastest man can run , deckard okay , but ... esper I be come to that . vulnerable zone be the base of the skull , the occipital bone . a direct hit be a positive retirement . the communication be interrupt by a bell which be immediately follow by a stern , mechanical voice . voice you be in violation of traffic ordinance m - 139 statutory freeway limit restrict by one-hund and eighty kilometer . in he rear view mirror deckard see two black - clad motorcycle cop come up behind he like the hound of hell . they draw silently alongside . deckard press he i.d. to the window . the cop toss a salute to deckard and he and he partner accelerate , vanish in the night . and deckard 's car do too . ext . sebastian' apartment 27 a district of silence and ruin . the street be strewn with refuse . the building look vacant . a ten storey condo go to shit . the vandal have come and go long ago . sebastian 's little white ambulance park at the curb . mr. deetchum , the old watchman , sit in the building entry in a straight back chair , be read a comic book . int . sebastian' apartment - night 28 well stock with item of survival , all label and stack . and shelve along the wall and hang from the ceiling be a menagerie of animoid . like so many break toy await resurrection from sebastian 's wise hand . sebastian be seat at a large work - table , bent over a stereo scope . the tool in he right hand be a sensor probe and he 's use it with the delicacy of a en- graver . the object of he concentration be a maze- like chip configuration no bigger than a thumbnail , but magnify under the scope , it look like a aerial view of a large city . the needle - like sensor probe move care - fully over the contour of the configuration , testing the bond . suddenly a blue flash erupt from one of the juncture . sebastian oh ! pris be light on she foot . she 's stand behind he with a half - eat sandwich in she hand . pris whatcha doin ' ? sebastian you scared I . but he 's happy to see she . sebastian I be work . she 's change she dress and make up she face . look a little older and sexier . sebastian you look ... better . pris just better . sebastian beautiful . pris thanks . he watch she as she prowl around the room , look at this and that , eat she sandwich . pris and you live in this building all by yourself ? sebastian yeah , I live here pretty much alone right now ... try to make light of it . sebastian no housing shortage around here ... plenty of room for everybody . she sprawl on the couch study he . pris how old be you ? he can not meet she eye . sebastian twenty . pris what 's you problem ? it 's not a easy subject . his voice be barely audible . sebastian methuselah syndrome . pris what 's that ? sebastian my gland . they grow old too fast . pris be that why you be still here ? sebastian yes . I could not pass the test . there be a silence . he steal a glance at she . pris I like you just the way you be . under the desk he bat he knee together . sebastian ah , you get hold of you friend ? pris as a matter of fact I do . they have get some work to do tonight , but they be gonna come tomorrow . sebastian good . the implication catch up . sebastian I can sleep on the couch . a little gray mouse on the shelf above he head bob up . mouse do not let the bed bug bite ! take they cue from the mouse , some of the more talented animoid toot , flap and wheel about . int . deckard apartment - night 29 it 's dark except for the glow of the terminal . a tired deckard sit in front of it . esper sound like he 's be talk for hour . esper nexus designate Leon : incept date April 10th , 2015 -- to be use in military experiment to determine how hyper metabolism function in deep space . nexus designate batty incept data April 10th , 2015 , combat model , level of self - sufficiency , optimum . a long pause . esper here 's something you might find interesting . they have be build to emulate the human in every way except in its emotional spectrum . however , after a period of time it be only logical that such a ' mechanism ' would create its own emotional response , hate , love , fear , anger , envy . deckard I know all that . esper what about a summary then . deckard I think we be through for the night . deckard start to reach for the panel . esper Mr. deckard . hesitates . deckard yes ? esper do you have something against science ? deckard not if it work . esper and what in you estimation work ? deckard the umbrella . deckard pick up the umbrella and with it stab the terminal off button before esper can respond and the machine go dead . he sit there for a moment then flip on the lamp . Leon 's snap - shot be spread out before he . int . spinner - day 30 a police mark spinner make a sharp bank , drop into a steep curve and slide towards the tyrell Corporation . deckard ( v.o. ) every government that could be racing to populate they colonial territory . but emigrant need incentive . over - population and the greenhouse factor do not seem to be enough ; but own a human look - a- like have lot of appeal . it be big industry , the competition be stiff and tyrell be top of the line . ext . tyrell corporation - day 31 the spinner gently touch down . the hatch drop open and deckard step out . deckard ( v.o. ) his claim to fame be make a product more human than human and sometimes the ' more ' turn out to be a problem . this be not just a escape andy who break he owner 's arm -- there be twenty - eight people dead and the pressure be on . int . tyrell corporation - day 32 deckard walk up to a desk , hand he i.d. to a guard who check it against a list on a screen . deckard ( v.o. ) but so far they would always manage to keep it quiet . not to say that once in a while there be not bad publicity . some fanatic bitching about equal rights for andy or a occasional trade union proclaim it be aun - american for automaton to take job away from human on the colony . the guard hand deckard back he i.d. , push a button and deckard walk away . deckard ( v.o. ) but what 's more american than good old supply and demand ? the government need they , industry make they and the church back they . the big religious boy say that android , no matter how human , be object ; only God could make people . I be not religious , but I be inclined to agree . otherwise I would be out of a job . the elevator door slide open . the young lady inside would look right stand on a cliff , hair blow in the wind , look out to sea in a 19th century painting . rachael hello , Mr. deckard . my name be rachael . deckard tip he head to she and step in . int . tyrell corporation elevator - day 33 no woman can be all thing to all man , the rachael come closer than most . the only trouble be she 's all busi - ness . formidable without really try . some beauty be better avoid and deckard look straight ahead . int . tyrell corporation corridor - day 33A the door slide open and they continue down the corri - dor . rachael it seem you department do not believe out new unit be to the public benefit . deckard a humanoid robot be like any other machine , it can be a benefit or a hazard . if it 's a benefit , it 's not we problem . rachael but because you department can not do a adequate job in detect the miniscule number at large , it 's a problem . correct , Mr. deckard ? int . tyrell corporation - AIR - filter corridor - day 33b they pass into a canopy , air-filtered corridor . deckard do not answer the question because he 's look at the animal . small northern animal in neat " en - vironmental " cage . he look at the rabbit , the raccoon and the squirrel , but the owl asleep on its perch stop he . the armed guard at the exit never take he eye off they . rachael you like we owl ? deckard nod . rachael clap she hand . the owl open its yellow eye and blink at they . deckard it 's artificial ? rachael of course not . hand thrust in she pocket , she stride off towards the exit without look back . the exit be another tube . just big enough for two . no room for excess . he try to ignore she cool appraise stare . rachael you be in a very unique position , Mr. deckard . you could affect the future of this entire organization accord to how you work you little test . deckard have nothing to say . rachael be you apprehensive ? deckard why should I be ? rachael for the responsibility of you power . be a police bureaucrat , you have get more than you share . the door slide open . deckard look down at she . deckard you get it wrong , girl . I work with the bureau not for they . he let it sink in . deckard my job be not to detect malfunction andy , it 's to eliminate they . the more the better . he walk out of the elevator first . int . inner sanctum of dr . tyrell - day 34 the office be dimly light , but highlight of resilience reside in the luster of the antique furnishings , like glimmer of gold in a darken mine . Dr. tyrell be a fragile man of power , with that look of " youth " obtain from steroid and surgery . dapper and trim , he lean against the desk look at a old fashioned pocket watch . the only sound be the insidious perking of coffee brewing in the background . tyrell tap a sensor on he desk . the door in front of deckard and rachael slide open . they enter a vestibule and face another door , this one befit the decor of the office , tyrell slip the watch into he pocket as they enter . rachael Mr. deckard . Dr. eldon tyrell . tyrell how do you do , Mr. deckard . please sit down . would you care for a cup of coffee ? deckard thanks . tyrell Black ? deckard please . tyrell pour from a old time sylex into small china cup and hand one to deckard . the congenial light in he eye could almost pass for warmth -- dragon warmth . tyrell somehow , I do not expect that the man who do the dirty work would be the man to do the technical work . here you be , Mr. deckard . he hand deckard a cup of coffee . tyrell be this to be a empathy test ? deckard yes . tyrell capillary dilation of the so-called blush response ? plus fluctuation of the pupil , plus involuntary dilation of the iris ? deckard nod . tyrell May I ask a personal question ? deckard go ahead . tyrell have you ever retire a human by mistake ? deckard no . tyrell but in you profession that be a risk . deckard nothing be infallible , but so far the voight - kampff scale bas be foolproof . tyrell like you say , Mr. deckard , a machine can be a hazard . the voight - kampff scale be a machine , be not it ? deckard one that rely on human interpretation . where 's the subject ? tyrell sitting next to you . deckard stare at rachael , then back at tyrell . delighted , tyrell take a cup of coffee . accept the challenge , deckard open he briefcase and start fishing out the apparatus . the voight -kampff 35 rachael 's eye fill the screen , the iris brilliant , shot with light , the pupil contracting . deckard voice ready . rachael go ahead . in the soft green glow of the dial , the needle in both gauge be at rest . Dr. tyrell stand silhouett behind deckard , who sit in front of rachael , a pencil beam train on she eye . Wire mesh disc be attach to she cheek . deckard you be give a calfskin wallet for you birthday . the needle in both gauge swing violently past green to red , then subside . rachael I would not accept it . also , I would report the person who give it to I to the police . deckard you have a little boy . he show you he butterfly collection , plus the kill jar . again the gauge register , but not so far . rachael I would take he to the doctor . deckard you be watch t.v. and suddenly you notice a wasp crawl on you wrist . rachael I would kill it . both needle go to red . deckard make a note , take a sip of coffee and continue . deckard in a magazine you come across a full - page photo of a nude girl . rachael be this testing whether I be a android or a lesbian ? deckard you show the picture to you husband . he like it and hang it on the wall . the girl be lie on a bearskin rug . rachel I would not let he . deckard why not ? rachael I should be enough for he . deckard frown , then smile . his smile look a little like a grimace or the other way around . deckard you become pregnant by a man who run off with you best friend , and you decide to get a abortion . rachael I would never get a abortion . deckard why not ? rachael that would be murder , Mr. deckard . deckard in you opinion . rachael it would be my child . deckard sound like you speak from experience . he note the needle . one go green and the other remain inert . deckard last question . you be watch a old movie . it show a banquet in progress , the guest be enjoy raw oyster . rachael ugh . both needle swing swiftly . deckard the entree consist of boil dog stuff with rice . Needles move less . deckard the raw oyster be less acceptable to you than a dish of boil dog . deckard move the adhesive disc from she cheek and switch off he beam . deckard light please . the light come on . tyrell well ? deckard if she be , the machine work . tyrell the machine work . she be . rachael sit very still . except she eye -- they go to tyrell and hang on . he stare back at she as he speak . tyrell how many question do it take ? deckard thirteen . rachael sit rigidly in she chair , as the ground crumble around she , she big mermaid eye lock with tyrell . his voice be quiet and strong , mesmerize . she 's hang - ing by a thread . deckard watch with a bas taste in he mouth . deckard she do not know ? tyrell memory implant . she be program . but I think she have transcend she conditioning . I think she be beginning to suspect . rachael nod fixedly . careful not to let go she grasp . tyrell how many question do it usually take , Mr. deckard ? deckard five , maybe six . slowly , carefully , tyrell unlock he gaze from rachael and turn towards deckard , who be start to put away he equipment . tyrell you be go to have to be on you toe , my friend . deckard glance back at he . tyrell it 's a complex problem and we would not want anything to happen to you . less of a man might shrink at the end of deckard 's look , but not tyrell . tyrell for the good of all , I recommend you take rachael with you . consider she uniqueness , I be sure she could prove quite helpful . deckard almost smile at the nasty power of tyrell 's style . he turn away and start pack up the voight - kampff . deckard no thanks . deckard be ready to go . tyrell and how be it one man will be able to cover so much ground ? deckard discreetly . tyrell all pertinent information be be feed into you departmental computer , a esper 231 -- I believe -- and a photo over - lay packet be be produce . deckard open the door . tyrell Mr. deckard , I think it would be wise to reconsider my offer . rachael sit there very pale and expressionless , she foot flat on the floor , alone be the word . try to keep the fury out of it , deckard 's voice come out in a whisper . deckard I work alone . on the last word , rachael glance up at he and deckard turn away . the outer door slide open and he go through it . int . tunnel - night 36 as see through the windshield from the passenger side of a vintage dusenberg . the headlight cut through the dark , illuminate a narrow strip of mountain road . a downgrade . a sign slide by state : " caution curve ahead . " good advice consider the sheer nightmare of a drop to the right and the wall of solid rock to the leave . the steady hum of the engine and the hiss of the tire will remain , but the location suddenly change to : int . room - night 37 a pleasant place of soft light and domestic charm . the young lady in the short dress be vacuume the rug . her back to the viewer . as she bend over to vacuum beneath the couch , expose she beautiful ass , a admonishment from a resonant and slightly tired male voice intercede . voice let 's keep we eye on the road , deckard . deckard voice sorry . abruptly the view flash back to : int . tunnel - night 38 the moon be up there slice through the tree , strobing over the hood of the car . the road be get steeper and the corner sharper . rags of mist skim by as the dusenberg pick up speed . it be become a riveting ride , but the passenger 's mind move elsewhere . ext . wood - day 39 Swift , soft cloud overhead . in the cold shine of the icy light , the viewer walk down a aisle of maple and beech , they clean hard limb deflect the frosty light , and underfoot the crisp , blue - white snow , melt through in spot , expose soggy patch of rich brown earth . voice come on , stay with the machine . int . tunnel - night 40 the dusenberg be go faster now , headlight eat up the road . rushing the corner in gut wrenching four - wheel drift . not a pleasant sensation if you do not like roller - coaster . the dusenberg slide out of a corner and face a couple hundred yard of straightway lead to the next bend . good place for a breather , but the driver shift into high and screw on . ext . lake - day 41 cold and gray . the current run strong . the nose of a kayak point through the swell , the viewer paddle for the shore . this be cold remote country , wild and untouched . a sky bluer than the madonna 's cloak . the kayak bank and the viewer step out , move over the sandy beach towards a little camp . voice we be go to have to start the sequence again if you do not stay with I , deckard . concentrate . deckard voice how do you know I be not ? voice you be not respond to the stimulus . I can see right here , I be not get a read . deckard voice I be tired of this . voice almost through . int . tunnel - night 42 in the dusenberg the driver turn to look at the passen - ger , he specter - like face obscure by shadow , but by the glint of tooth , he must have just smile . and the passenger 's view snap back to the road . suddenly another pair of headlight round the approach - ing bend . large one , of a bus or a truck . blind . the dusenberg be go too fast to stop . no room to pass . horn blast . the dusenberg brake , go into a broadside skid . the hand of the passenger reach out and grip the mahogany dash . brake lock , tire scream , skid . the dusenberg tear through the railing and plunge into space . the last view of the passenger be pure vertigo . silence . int . doctor wheeler' office - afternoon 43 the good doctor be bend over he glass - top desk which resemble a pin-ball machine . display under its surface be a network of crisp electronic symbol and read-out indicate the result of the test . deckard detach the patch from he forehead , which it a little damp , but other than that , he look no worse for wear , stand up to stretch and walk over to the doctor 's desk . deckard so how do I do ? Dr. wheeler be a thin boney man , aloof but a promise of compassion in he sink eye . wheeler nerves of steel . deckard no rust ? wheeler I do not say that . you motivity rate check out a little slower than last time . deckard meaning ? wheeler meaning you do not run as fast as you use to . deckard start to dress . wheeler during the road test ... deckard yeah ? wheeler you mind keep wander . that bother I . deckard huh huh . wheeler consider the nature of you work , that could be unhealthy . deckard true . wheeler study he " desk " for a moment and he finger come down on the section illuminate deckard 's simple statistic . wheeler you get a birthday come up . deckard bend over slip on he shoe . wheeler look up , concerned . wheeler but you have not put in for emigration . deckard nope . wheeler you be go to be over the limit . deckard listen , I could make you a long list of complaint about this fucken city but I still rather be here than up there . wheeler what if you change you mind ? deckard they will change the limit before I change my mind . wheeler you sure ? deckard never be more sure of anything in my life . deckard be ready to go . look at wheeler , a little touch with he concern . deckard why do not you go ? wheeler too old . deckard but if you could ? wheeler consider it a moment , smile and shake he head . wheeler my job be here . deckard I too . they shake hand and deckard walk . int . sebastian' apartment - late afternoon 44 the referee be bounce around the ring , try to keep up with the two mexican light - weight pound the shit out of each other . if not for the fuzz and the silence , the audio on the holoscope be off , you might think you be ringside at the Garden . it 's a good fight but pris be not watch . she 's get she foot up on the couch painting she toe nail . the room be so quiet you can almost hear the polish . she start on she fourth toe when a noise form above stop her it sound like a creaking of a floor , but so quiet , sudden and over so fast it 's hard to be sure . she stare at the ceiling a moment , then glance at sebastian . on the other side of the room , in he own world , sebastian be peer into he magnifier , solder gossamer strand with a laser . pris have cross the floor and be close the door quietly behind she . if the animoid nestle around the ledge of the room be capable of notice , they would be the only one in the room who do . int . corridor - sebastian' apartment - late after - 45 noon pris move smoothly past the door , some of they open and warpe offer sight and shadow and decay . int . FIRE stair - sebastian' apartment - late after - 46 noon the gloom in here be like the light of the empty well . her foot against the metal step reverberate in the hollow silence . int . the floor above sebastian' apartment - late 47 afternoon she 's run now , down the hall , stop at the apart - ment directly above sebastian 's and open the door . int . apartment above sebastian' apartment - late 48 afternoon Mary turn she head as pris come in . she 's sit in a chair . the only piece of furniture in the room . it 's break and tilt at a funny angle . she nod and pris nod back . batty be lie on he back , roll he head slightly from side to side like he 's soothing a stiff neck . batty what 's go on down there ? pris he 's not ready yet . batty when ? pris tomorrow , he say . batty nod he can not wait . pris glance at Mary and give a frigid little smile . pris back out and close the door behind she . batty blow air through he nostril . like a animal . ext . deckard be car - freeway - night 49 the sky be streak with remnant of a linger dusk . prism of light flash over the sheen of deckard 's car as he cut off the freeway and sweep down the off - ramp curve . ext . / int . car - street - night 50 move through the dark city street . deckard turn a corner and gun it up a long , steep hill . ext . STREET - deckard apartment - night 51 at the top of the hill the car pull into a drive and disappear into the subterranean garage of a high-rise . int . corridor deckard apartment - night 52 he 's come down the hall carry a foil wrap plastic plate and stop in front of he door . it 's riddled with lock . he slip a small device out of he pocket , aim it at the door and the lock unlock , the bolt slide open . he walk in and kick the door shut behind he . int . deckard apartment - night 53 he slip on the light and cross the front room . deckard be a pack rat -- hard to tell if he just move in or be just move out . as he enter the kitchen , the SOUND of somebody behind he cause he to whirl around fast , hand snap out in front of he , gun already in it . rachael almost get shot . but she 's unruffled , a little pale maybe , but direct as ever . there 's a long , chilly moment , then she almost smile as she eye move to the plate on the floor . rachael be that you dinner ? deckard look down at the over- turn plate and nod . rachael I be sorry . I call and find out you be on you way home . this be already deliver to you department but I think you should have copy as soon as possible . she 's hold out a cassette the size of a cigarette pack . but it 's take deckard 's adrenalin time to recede . rachael it 's the nexus information you want . he take the cassette , but a man with so many lock must be wonder how they be get through so easily . he do not even want to ask . deckard thanks . he realize he 's still get the gun aim at she and stick it back in he belt and they be leave stare at each other . the situation make awkward silence . at least for he . she 's look at he like she 's get something to say but be not say it . deckard be there anything else ? rachael I know you think it complicate you work , but I be here to help . deckard I have already get more help than I need . rachael I think you need more help than you have get . he do not , but she 's not back off . rachael there 's two reason a man reject help . either because he 's so good at what he do he do not think he need it , or he 's so insecure he can not admit it . deckard sound like I be a ass-hole either way , but the answer be still no . rachael two of we might be more effective than one . deckard I work alone . she smile . rachael no you do not . she let it sink in . rachael you use you equipment , do not you ? deckard so ? rachael so , I be a piece of equipment . use I . it 's a strong look that pass between they -- a long one . maybe if he be on firmer ground he might do something about such a offer but ... deckard 's eye follow she down as rachael bend to the floor and start pick the food off the rug , put - ting it back on the plate . deckard that 's okay , I will get it ... he bend down to help , but she 's already do it . they head a few inch apart . something in she eye diminish the distance even more . rachael do I make you nervous ? deckard yeah . rachael I be sorry . and she be . and suddenly he be too . she hand he the plate and they stand . she 's look at the floor , almost shy , then she look up and he 's watch she . she say it plain and simple . rachael it 's strange to suddenly realize that what you think be you life be actually someone else 's fabrication . deckard nod . he feel it , but do not know what to do about it . deckard I can imagine . rachael can you ? I could not . this be not some of deckard 's finer moment . but she do not seem to notice . rachael a part of I be glad . I think I feel more . I do not like who I be before . deckard nod , wait the respectable interval and be glad to have a plate to take into the kitchen . in the scramble sanctuary of he kitchen deckard look around for a place to put the plate , but thing have pile up on he in here . he contemplate the refrig - erator . deckard so why do you think they be after they record . he 's a lot more comfortable talk shop . rachael they probably want to find out when they be make . deckard right . he dump he dinner in the garbage and come back out . she 's write something on a card . rachael I guess the date of you birth be important if you know you be not make to last . no way he can keep he foot out of it . she look up and hand he the card . rachael that 's my number . if you need I . she go to the door , open it but hesitates before go through . rachael you better get better lock -- if you want to keep I out . she look back at he and smile -- the smile say she 's talk about all kind of lock . deckard look like he might ask she to stay , but ... rachael good night . and she 's go . deckard night . he look down at the number . it 's the back side of a snapshot . he turn it over . the picture of a man and a woman . the little girl between they look like a six - year old rachael . int . deckard apartment - night 54 he 's sit in front of he console study picture of nexus six at they appear , blank - face , hairless and unadorn on he monitor . the over - lay machine be transform each image with instant attribute ; hair , moustach , tooth , eye color , age , youth , hat , glass , etc . all in rapid succession , run the gambit from ominous to beautiful . deckard ( v.o. ) the possibility be infinite . they could change they appearance but not they future . like she say , it be short . longevity be what they be after . the garbage man even want a past . poor fuck . I would check it out but I know she be right . the market work on turn-over . built - in obsolescence be the name of the game . that mean she too . it be something I do not want to think about . on top of the monitor there 's a open can of bean with a spoon stick in it . deckard put out he cigarette and reach for they as the phone ring . deckard yeah . bryant Bryant here . regard the rundown you request on job applicant , esper 's conclude that the only irregular category that tyrell 's get be the entertainment section . you better get on it . deckard I be just about to have my dinner . bryant if you hurry you will get back before it get cold . I get a spinner on you roof in five minute . good luck . deckard hang up and look at the bean . he do not want they anyway . he get up and walk to the bedroom . look through the pile of clothes on the floor , find he ankle laser and strap it on . ext . CITY - bird be eye view - night 55 the spinner skirt through the canyon of the city . deckard , sit in the contoure seat , watch the maze of suspension bridge , platform and catwalk swing by below . the top of larger building shimmer with advertisement and weather announcement . int . spinner - over CITY - night 56 deckard be cruise low and slow over the city listen - ing to esper . epser nexus designate rachael be a prototype . created for in - house use by special mandate form the Scientific development Regulatory Committee . will live conventional term -- no para- physical ability . deckard what be a conventional term ? esper four year . which would make she termination date ... deckard never mind . do they have that knowledge ? esper longevity be classified . no. back to business . deckard okay , gimme a run-down on the three female . esper nexus designate Mary : incept November 1 2017 , domestic conditioning non competitive , train for day care position . deckard next . esper nexus designate pris : incept data December 13 2017 , competitive , program to provide pleasure for long term spacer . deckard number three . esper nexus designate Zhora : incept June 13th 2017 , athletic conditioning , highly competitive , special ability in the entertainment field . ext . / int . spinner - landing area - night 57 deckard take it down . about to pull it in a already crowded lot , but the sign flash " full . " deckard do not believe in sign ; be about to set it down any - way when a chicano in a fluorescent coat run out and wave he off . deckard fuck . piss , deckard veer away and buzze low over and around the roof top , all dark and cramped -- not a lot of room around here . ext . alley - night 58 finally bring it down between two building hardly enough clearance , but he jockey the machine into a alley , touch down and run it slowly along the surface -- parking it by a sign that say " no parking . " ext . STREET - taffey' bar - night 59 not many people . wind blow . a nest of garish small - time club . deckard emerge from one , go into the next . the pulsing neon over the entry say " taffey' bar . " int . taffey' bar - night 60 crowd in here . bongo music . deckard be at the bar sit next to a big-belly man in a black beard who 's look through a viewer . on the small stage in the background amazing rama be eat razor blade , a part of she juggling routine . deckard leave the bar and walk down a hall towards a door at the rear . int . taffey' office - night 61 taffey 's what 's refer to in the trade as a " Chicken Hawk " collector of young girl . it must be so , there 's one in the bed . thin , pale , about thirteen year old , eye roll up under she flutter eyelid , wire attach to she forehead , lie flat on she back in taffey 's crowded little room . taffey 's a little fella with wide hip and narrow shoulder , wear a jet black toupe and have a face like a seal . but at the moment he 's not present . there 's a knock at the door , then the SOUND of a toilet flushing . taffey come out of the bathroom , heart pound under he polyester bathrobe , and approach the door like the guilty fucker he be . he look through the peeper . deckard be out there hold up he i.d. deckard taffey Lewis ? taffey yes ? deckard can I come in ? there be a pause last the time it take taffey not to think of a way to say no . the door open and deckard enter . except for the drool come out of the corner of she mouth , and the flutter eye-lid , venus do not move a muscle . taffey Excuse my niece there ... she 's study for a exam . deckard take the identikit hard copy we of he pocket and push some junk out of the way , fan they out on the table . deckard I would like you to take a look at this picture . taffey of course . taffey bend down really close , peer at the picture from about two inch away . taffey you see I lose my contact a couple of day ago around here somewhere and my sight be a little ... what be I suppose to be look for ? deckard do you recognize any of they ? he stop at Zhora . taffey this one look familiar , but I do not know . naw . there 's one come in today look a little like this one but ... deckard what do she want ? taffey who ? deckard the girl that do not look like that girl . taffey nothing . she want to know about suck night . deckard what night ? taffey I do not know if I want to handle she -- I already get a snake act . but my partner go down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good one . deckard what 's suck night ? taffey that 's what we call in the trade , audition free- for - all and most of it suck . bit I do not think that 's she . deckard you talk about the Opera House on the Main ? taffey nod . deckard go to the door and turn . deckard Book the good one for where ? taffey lot of place . the tour , the club , the silicone show , private party . deckard what show ? taffey silicone Valley . lot of this science guy never leave that place . we book two show a month in there . that big time tech and bio - guy might be real high zoner up here , but when it come to the art , they like it loud and lewd . it 's start to get a little gooey . deckard tip he head good night and back out of the door . int . the old opera house - night 62 onstage four mexican acrobat , in match metallic jumpsuit roll head over heel in they rendition of a human wheel . from the p.a. system the announcer 's voice blare through the cavernous theatre . announcer's voice let 's hear it for the hermano Brothers . scatter applause . Hand in hand , the hermano Brothers bow deeply , spring up and trot offstage . announcer's voice next we be gonna see a little charmer who keep she dance partner in a basket ! she come to we all the way from exotic casablanca . ' salome . ' the old boy in the pit strike up a tinny version of " in a Persian market " as salome dance onstage . she 's a black -haire beauty in a scant belly dancer costume , a couple of pound overweight but all in the right place . she kneel ceremoniously center stage and set the basket down before she . carefully remove the lid , she reach in and lift out a four - foot harlequin - pattern python . grind she hip to the music , she rise , hold the coiling snake out like a offer . sound of approval from the audience . the gold coin cover she breast jingle and shimmer , as she weave sensuously around the floor . int . backstage - night 63 to scattered applause , hoot and whistle , salome flounce offstage , the snake hang around she shoul - der , look limp , and make she way through the narrow corridor to she dress room . she 's about to enter when : deckard Excuse I , miss salome . she turn . deckard 's posture and attitude suggest hum - ble , sleazy persistence . he come closer with he shit-eate grin . deckard I would like to have a word with you if I could . salome stand almost six foot high in she high heel -- she look down on he with the haughty suspicion of a chick who know how to handle cheap hit . salome yeah ? deckard I be with the american federation of variety artist ... he hold up a hand as if to stop she from protest . deckard do not worry , I be not here to make you join -- that 's not my department . he glance around like a guy who 's not suppose to be there . deckard I be a investigator for the confidential Committee on Moral abuse . she nod , take it a little more seriously . deckard there 's be report of management sexually abuse the artist in this place . salome I do not know nothing about it . deckard you have not feel yourself to be exploit by the management in any way ? she 's definitely puzzle . salome how do you mean ' exploit ' ? deckard like to get this position . do you or be you ask to do anything lewd or unsavory or otherwise repulsive to you person ? salome be you for real ? deckard oh , yeah . you would be surprised what go on around here . I would like to check the dress room if I could . salome what the fuck for ? deckard for hole . this guy might be a asshole but he 's funny . salome I do not believe this . she shrug and they go in . int . dressing room - night 64 musty and cramped . a portable shower , a dress table and not much else . salome take the snake from around she shoulder and lay it on the dress table . deck - ard watch it undulate into the warmth of the light . deckard it that mother real ? salome of course he 's not real . you think I would be work here if I could afford a real snake ? deckard it 's a good job . salome you mean the snake . deckard nod . there 's not much costume to take off but she 's do it . salome the best . deckard do it eat ? salome come on . his hand reach out to touch it . as he finger make contact there 's a electric " snap . " he jerk he hand back from the shock . salome jeezus ! deckard sorry . salome hey ! do you job but do not wreck mine , huh ? she slide behind the screen and turn on the shower . deckard start creep around pace around the room like he 's inspect the wall . deckard they have they way of do they dirty work without the victim know what 's go on . his eye be move over everything she 's get . deckard you would be surprised what a guy will go through to get a glimpse of a beautiful body . salome I bet I would . deckard Little dirty hole the bastard drill in the wall so they can watch a lady undress . and to he amazement he actually spot one . it 's down low on the wall . not a good idea to turn he back on work but he can not resist . salome and what if somebody do try to ' exploit ' I ? who do I go to ? through the hole deckard be look at a pair of fat leg . deckard me. salome and who do I go to about you ? he look back . she 's some out of the shower drip nude . she 's take off she black wig . her hair be short and blonde . deckard recognize she immediately from the identikit . he stare at she a moment too long . deckard hmmmmm ? deckard grin and she return it . she take a towel off the table and start to dry she body . the snake nose through the cosmetics , tongue flick try to get back to its mistress . absently , she reach out to stroke the snake and suddenly laugh . zhora you ever get the feel thing be not the way they seem ? her hand close around the snake 's head . deckard see it come but can not move fast enough . she strike he so hard it knock he off he foot . before he hit the floor , she kick he in the stomach . the snake whistle through the air again as deckard roll out of the way . it slam down so hard it rupture against the floor . he go for he laser , but she 's already out the door . int . passageway - night 65 deckard bound out of the room and see she go through a door at the other end of the hall . he sprint after she , arrive at the door and fling it open . Black - ness . the SOUND of she high heel clatter down the metal step . ext . STREET - opera house - night 66 it 's raining heavily . the front of the Opera House be open only to foot traf - fic this day . a bizarre place on a Friday night , hawker and whore , the rabble , the poor and the cur - ious mill around the randy - build platform and brightly light stand . Zhora , in just a raincoat , be not out of place in this flea market atmosphere . try not to run , she slice through the mob as quickly as she can . deckard be not far behind , dodging and side -stepping , try to move against the tide of people scurrying for shelter . she come to a intersection and turn out of the mall onto a less crowded street . she glance over she shoulder as she break into a run and run right into a couple of pedestrian . all three go down . deckard come out of the crowd in time to spot she get - ting to she foot . she see he and run . the two ped - estrian be in he line of fire . he run past they and drop to one knee , leveling he laser . deckard stop or you be dead ! she do not . the beam flash through the air , but she 's already around the corner . with he bottom lip between he tooth , it hurt to move so fast , deckard jack - leg it into the street and jump in front of the first car come . it screech to a stop . deckard scramble for the door , but the guy be - hind the wheel have other idea . he peel out fast . the next car slow down and swerve try not to hit he . deckard go for the door and before the old mar - tron inside can lock it , deckard 's yank it open and jump in . she scream as he push she into the pas - senger seat and jam the car into a wrenching about face . the lady squeal like a pig as the momentum plaster she against the door . deckard slam it around the corner and gun it down the street . it 's long and it 's empty and it 's go by fast . nothing the old lady care to see -- she 's get she hand over she eye , whimper , hope she will faint before she die . deckard take the next leave so hard he almost lay it over . as the car bounce off the curb he floor it . Zhora 's a hundred yard ahead , halfway down the street , try to make it back into the crowded mall . she 's run fast , but the car be faster . as he pass she , deckard hit the brake and skid broadside seventy foot . the door fly open and he roll out firing . Zhora 's ducking it with no where to go , except ... the showcase window on she leave explode as she crash through . it 's a corner shop join to a series of store , front - ing the mall . deckard run to the open she 's make and pour FIRE through the tunnel of she jag wake as Zhora break through one window after another , get slice , get shot , try to get away from deckard 's laser . but she do not . his last shot burn a hole through the base of she skull . it kill she but do not stop she . her speed take what 's leave of she through the last two window and into the street where she run into a park car with such force that she embed herself in the side of it . hunched over , breathe hard , deckard come slowly for - ward . the crowd start to gather . there 's something for everybody and they be come from all direction . deckard move through they , edging to have a look . it 's not a good thing to see . it look like salome and the car try to eat each other . a bloody feast of metal and flesh . deckard bow he head , sick , exhaust . so much commo - tion he do not notice three cop close in from behind . cop Drop it ! deckard have he back to they . they be fan out and crouch , ready to fire . deckard drop he laser . two of they rush up , spin he around while the third do a frisk . two more cop arrive , wary and wild - eye , push the people back -- he be not a good place for cop . deckard 's ankle laser be discover by the cop frisk he . with a snarl he pull it out and hand it back to the sergeant cover the action . sergeant on you belly ! deckard 's not in the mood for it . deckard listen , sergeant ... he 's reach for he id . the cop with the rubber billy hit he in the head . one thrill after another . somebody in the crowd yeowls . the last thing deckard hear as he fall . the cop reach inside deckard 's coat for the conceal weapon they miss , but it 's a id card . he look at it for a moment , then look up . cop hey , sarge , this guy 's a cop . a embarrassing situation . sergeant clear this fuckin ' crowd . the cop start push . and for one split second one of the crowd look a lot like Leon . int . old opera house - men' room - night 67 you standard low class crapper . Bryant be plant firmly on the crack tile floor next to the urinal rub he face , try not to pop the clutch in he anger . this be a public place , he do not want to yell . bryant just because it 's a nexus 6 do not change procedure . a little know fact can become a well - know fact and part of we job , deckard , be to make sure that do not happen . now how can be do that if you blow one away in front of a fuckin ' audience . it 's not the sort of question that expect a answer . deckard 's wash he face in the basin hope it will all go away . bryant well ? deckard look up drip , reach for a paper towel . Bryant slap one in he hand . deckard she be gonna get away . bryant then let she get away . I think you be a pro -- you be suppose to be a fuckin ' tracker ! Bryant take a couple of deep breath . bryant I would say you get a little carry away . deckard 's voice be barely audible . deckard I do not like she . bryant you do not like she !? he slam the handle on one of the urinal . bryant you start like or dislike andy it 's time to hang it up . the plumping roar and suck and die . there 's nothing to do but nod . deckard nod . poor bastard have have a rough night . Bryant pull a flask out of he coat and hand it to he . deckard put it to he mouth and Bryant watch deckard 's Adam 's apple like he 's count - ing the swallow . deckard hand it back empty . Bryant cap it , put it back in he pocket . bryant look , go home . get some rest . take a aspirin . deckard yeah . Bryant shuffles out like a old bear . int . old opera house - bar - night 68 cheap whiskey and bad wine . that 's the kind of place this be . it 's near close . but still a few at the bar . alcoholic silhouettes . in the b.g. deckard come down the passage from the men' room and stop at the phone . he get a number out of he pocket and call it . as he talk he lean against the wall , he body language intimate and chummy . not much action at the bar other than somebody snore and a dipso down at the end have a conversation with himself . deckard hang up , walk to the bar and straggle a stool . the bartender 's a big lady with tit like sand bag and a voice that play no favorite . bartender I can not protect you drink , mister ; while you be in the potty , this hummer snatch it . deckard glance at he stool - mate . a huge man , slump over the bar like a beach whale . deckard no problem . gimme another . the whale do not move , but it speak , with a gravelly Russian accent . russian forgive I . I think be free drink . I will pay . deckard forget it . but the big man 's digging through he pocket . deck - ard 's drink arrive and the Russian raise he head . it 's a big melancholy face with a glint of warmth in he red-rimme eye and a smile that could melt you heart . but it 's Leon . leon I think I have no money . deckard it 's okay . forget it . leon but I would like to buy you drink . deckard I will but you one . what will you have ? leon vodka ! deckard shot of vodka , please . leon thank you very much . deckard my pleasure . deckard bring out he smoke . offer one . Leon take it and they light up . the drink come . leon prosit . deckard prosit . down the hatch . Leon slap he glass on the bar , reach - es into he pocket , bring out a little match box and slap that down too . it 's do with such pride that deckard have to look . leon you want to see my friend ? deckard sorry , do not have the time . leon no problem . Leon smile broadly and with ceremonious care open the box and dump three live cockroach on the bar . deckard that cockroach ? leon ya . deckard look interested . one of they start to scamp - er away , but Leon wall off the next with he huge hand . deckard how long you have this guy ? leon two month . but this one be not guy . it be girl . his girl . Leon lean closer like he do not want the cockroach to hear . leon usually blackie wait until igor be eat ; then , when he back be turn , he try to take advantage of Anna . deckard nod , definitely interested . he signal the bartender for another round . the drink arrive . leon prosit . deckard prosit . down the hatch . they eye meet at the bottom . leon you never see a cockroach make love ? deckard shake he head , but he would like to . Leon smile slyly . leon we will try . Leon bring a cube of sugar out of he pocket and put it on the bar . they both lean down and watch intently . the drink come and be put away , but the cockroach be not cooperate . leon it must be that he be not hungry or maybe she be not hot . Leon be catch the roach and one by one put they back in they box . he hold up the last and kiss it . leon you like to kiss she goodbye . deckard no thanks . bartender make sure you take you girlfriend with you when you leave . what neither of they notice be that between Leon 's finger , he stub of he cigarette be burn he flesh . deckard lift he glass , it be empty . leon I like you . deckard I like you too . leon one more , eh ? deckard I gotta piss . deckard get on he foot , lean forward like a man in a stiff wind and stop . deckard I think I will piss outside . Leon watch he walk a perfect straight line through the bar down the passage and out of the rear exit . ext . alley - old opera house - night 69 deckard reel out . the door swing shut and he 's sober as hell and move fast . around the big trash dumpster alongside the building , he plaster himself against the wall and he gun be out , aim at the door . he 's in a good spot with a perfect line of fire . moment go by and he 's glad for the time to steady himself . the SOUND of he breathing , the hum of the city and the quiet . suddenly from behind , deckard be sweep off he foot and twirle around in Leon 's bear- trap embrace . Leon let go and deckard hit the pavement , skid hard enough to tear clothes and burn skin , but he roll out of it and come up with gun in hand ; but Leon be so fast he 's already there and kick it out of he hand . Leon move towards he , back deckard against the wall . leon how come you know where Zhora be so quick ? his hand be lightning . it shoot out , grab deckard 's hair . deckard I show picture . somebody recognize she . I go to see . deckard be pale . the sweat be start to run . leon how old be I ? deckard I do not know . the grip tighten and twist . leon my birthday be April 10 , 2015 . how long do I live ? deckard four year . he let go . leon more than you . deckard 's knee come up fast . Leon 's fist come down faster , like a hammer . leon painful to live in fear , be not it . deckard be double over , hugging he thigh . leon but that 's how it be to be a slave . the future be seal off , he grovel , he wait . even hurt , deckard be fast . he go for he ankle gun , but Leon 's get it out of he hand before he can even raise it and throw it down the alley . deckard hurl forward , knock he off balance , and scramble to get away . Leon grab he by the foot , drag he back and jerk he off the ground . leon sex , reproduction , security , the simple thing . but no way to satisfy they . to be homesick with no place to go . potential with no way to use it . lot of little oversight in the nexus 6 . he slam deckard into the wall . leon I tell you , nothing be worse than have a itch you can never scratch . deckard slide down the wall to he knee and huddle , protect he head with he arm , wait for the next one . Leon fold he big hand together and raise they over he head , pause just a second to savor the satisfac - tion of smash deckard 's skull . the spasm that run through Leon 's face be not from satisfaction . it 's the bullet that go through he neck . he hit the ground hard , he big tooth bite the air like a rabid dog . Dead . rachael be stand in the alley . deckard lie there look at she . she come slowly and quietly forward and drop deckard 's gun by he side . deckard get to he hand and knee and try to get up , but can not quite manage it . he look up at she , panting , spit blood and almost smile . deckard like I say , I do not need you help . after a long moment , she bend down to touch he . rachael you look terrible , you know that ? int . deckard apartment - bathroom - night 70 he 's lie in the tub with a drink , eye half mast , water up to he chin , bruise and beat , but look just a little wick in he balmy luxury . deckard ( v.o. ) I know a cop once who be involved in a high -speed chase . they shot out one of he tire and he go over a cliff at hundred and fifty mile a hour . they find he in the morning with a break skull , six fracture rib and second - degree burn . on the way to the hospital he make a play for the nurse . he take a drink and clear he throat . deckard hey ! I think you be suppose to be take care of I . rachael's voice what do you need ? he do not answer . lies there sip he drink . rachael come in a little uncertain , a little droll , and stand there look down at he . deckard do not just stand there look at I . it 's not polite . rachael what do you want I to do ? deckard sit. she sit on the edge of the tub . deckard gimme you arm . she 's wear a short - sleeve dress . it 's a long , del - icate arm and deckard hold it , inspect it like a maestro with a stradivarius . he look up at she . deckard you ever take a bath with a man before ? rachael there 's a lot I have not do with a man before . he 's get she hand in the water and have begin to soap she arm . start with she wrist and run the bar to she elbow , up and down , slow and slippery . she watch , not quite sure of the ritual . he pull she closer , and run he hand up higher , mould - ing and press , work around she flesh , up and under she arm into the privacy of she dress . rachael you be get I wet . oh , yes . for a moment deckard stare at she like some furry - legge satyr in rut , the finger of he other hand rake through she hair and into the water she come . int . deckard apartment - bedroom - morning 71 the bed look like it be hit by a storm and deckard look like something that be wash up in it . he 's spread out flat , face crease and puffed . his eye squint open , but only for a moment . his hand be more reliable . they search over the bed , but find it bare . he edge he head over the side , look around for sign , but she 's all go . he get up in two stage , sit and then stand . then sit again , rest he head in he hand . int . deckard apartment - bathroom - morning 72 deckard 's get he face in the mirror shave it . it 's be a long night . nothing a new tongue and a tran - fusion would not put right . he move a couple of inch to the leave so he eye have a view of the tub . int . deckard apartment - live room - morning 73 deckard be on the edge of the couch with the phone on he knee , the card with rachael 's number in he lap and have no luck . rachael's voice sorry , I be not in at the moment , but if you will leave you name and number I will return you call as soon as I can . that 's not soon enough . deckard hang up , put the phone on the floor and lean back on the couch . deckard fuck you , then . int . mr. deetchum apartment - morning 74 the rooster perch on the chair spread its scrawny wing , strain from the tip of its toe , crow at the ceiling . between crow there 's a tapping at the door . you might call this a " barnyard " apartment . there 's straw on the floor and several hen roosting against the back wall . the front door open a few inch and sebastian poke he head in . sebastian Mr. deetchum ? hello ? nobody seem to be home except he chicken . as sebas - tian enter , close the door behind he , a goose charge out of the bedroom hiss and honk . sebastian now , now , waddle . seem to recognize sebastian as no intruder , waddle veer off from the attack . as sebastian cross the room a pig peek out from behind the couch . sebastian hello , wrigley . he go to the chicken and collect some egg , put they into a bowl he 's bring . he put down the bowl and reach into he pocket carefully count out the payment and put the money on a plate . he 's about to leave but notice there 's no water in the dispenser . sebastian Mr. deetchum be not take very good care of you people . pour from a jug on the table , he fill the dispenser with water , scatter a little grain on the floor , get he bowel of egg and leave . wrigley grunt and come out from behind the couch for a long drink . int . corridor - sebastian be floor - morning 75 sebastian arrive on he floor , walk down the hall to he apartment , open the door , walk in . int . sebastian' apartment - day 76 he turn to close door , come face to face with Roy batty . sebastian drop he bowl of egg . batty 's hand flash out and catch it . batty whoops . smiling , batty hand they back to sebastian , who be too startle to speak . pris run up and give batty and Mary a big hug , step back effuse and smile , everybody 's favorite teen - ager . pris this be my uncle Roy , sebastian . batty hello , glad to meet you . he pump sebastian 's free hand . pris and my aunt Mary . sebastian turn and there 's aunt Mary , modest and warm . pris and this be my savior , j.f. sebastian , everybody . sebastian stand there with he egg , bashful and ex - cite , the hero of this little family 's warm attention . batty can not thank you enough , Mr. sebastian . if you have not come along ... mary we be worried to death . it 's awfully kind of you . sebastian be nodd and smile . batty we be not use to the big city . where we come from it 's not so easy to get lose . mary you certainly have a nice place here . batty well stock . batty look around admiringly . sebastian mumble some - thing that sound like " thank you . " pris sebastian do not like to go out too much . sebastian I keep a lot of provision right here . batty I like a man who stay put . a admirable thing to be able to sustain yourself in this time . you live here all by yourself , do you ? sebastian well , no , not really . there 's Mr. deetchum , he 's the watchman , he life on the first floor . everybody nod . a long pause . mary we have not find it easy , Mr. sebastian . they glance around the room , wait for sebastian to pick up the ball . sebastian how about breakfast , I be just go to make some . batty if it would not be too much of a bother ... a little bite to eat would be ... sebastian oh , no bother , I would be glad to . batty well , actually mary we be famish . sebastian be truly happy . sebastian okay , then . you make yourselves comfortable and I will bring the food right out . he disappear into the kitchen . batty look happy with the way thing be go . batty charm . pris come up close . her tone mute but demand . pris well ? batty find she attitude amusing , which make she even more pugnacious . pris I want to know what 's go on . there 's a punitive edge to batty 's response . batty there 's only three of we leave . pris be shocked . her whisper come out a hiss . pris then we be stupid and we will die . batty not if everybody be do they job here at home . how be thing at home ? a little spot pig on the table sit up . pig Home again , jiggidy jig . they all turn and stare at the pig . batty be delighted . pris I do not trust he . I do not think he know what he 's do . the bell -tone from the microwave go off in the kitchen . batty he know what he 's do . mary if he will not cooperate ? batty Mr. sebastian be a host who want to be appreciate . we will appreciate he and he will cooperate . int . hospital corridor and room - day 77 Holden be laid out in a apparatus that resemble a iron lung . a little above he head , face he , be a bank of bio-feedback light register body function . deckard be in a chair sit next to he friend . Holden have lose weight , he face be grey , he can not move he head , but he 's smile like the cat who eat the canary . deckard how be you do , old man ? Holden 's voice be just a whisper -- the kind of whisper that come out of the joker at the back of the class . holden I be great . I mean , I know I be not really great , but I feel just great . how you like my new suit ? deckard well , you do not have to worry about get it wrinkle . Holden 's eye close , he smile get bigger and little spasm of laughter pump out of he mouth . holden do not make I laugh . it make I pee . deckard sorry . holden hey , it 's okay . I like to pee . so how be you do ? deckard I be do okay . holden from what I hear you be do great . Bryant tell I you be go like a god damn one - man army . make a lot of money , huh ? deckard yeah . ( pause ) but that 's what I want to talk to you about . holden money ? deckard no . I get a problem . holden let 's hear it . deckard I think I be start to empathize with this nexus-sixes . Holden giggle . start to laugh again . a blue light on the panel begin to turn very bright . they both notice it . deckard what 's that ? holden I be take a piss . they wait for the light to abate . holden let I ask you something , deck . you be have intimate relation with one of this unit ? deckard do not deny it . Holden smile like a cherub . holden that 's what I think ... one of the liability of the trade -- you have sex with you prey , old buddy . that 's bound to create problem , unless you be a black widow . deckard have to wait for he to stop giggle . deckard what about -- not sex -- but love ? Holden bite he bottom lip to keep the laugher out of he voice , but he can not . holden Love be just another name for sex . Love be sexy and sex be lovely -- I do not care what you call it , a android can not have it . deckard this be not just ... holden I know what they be , deck -- look , maybe they can pretend to feel , but far as the raw , hot emotion of the old heart -- no way . Holden stop talk for a moment to get some air . holden believe I , take it from a old pro , no matter how good we get , we be never gonna make a artificial anything that can feel . it 's a contradiction . you might as well go fuck you wash machine . Holden laugh , deckard do not . holden just go out there and keep up the good work . Holden 's whisper have become harder to hear . holden get to save it , deck , I be get sleepy . it 's be good talk to you . deckard stand . deckard thanks . but he 's already asleep . deckard stand there a moment look at he , then walk out . int . deckard apartment - day 78 he 's sit on the couch , glum , contemplative . there 's a SOUND . his eye move to the door . that lock be open again . rachael come in . look surprised to see he . him too . rachael I tell you I would come back . deckard you do ? rachael you do not hear I . you be sleep . he like that . rachael be you glad I be here ? he be . she 's spunky . have not see this place in the daytime . please , he watch she move around the mess . she spot a little frame photograph . pick it up . it 's a man with a shotgun and a boy hold up a quail . rachael who be this ? deckard I and my dad . rachael where be he ? deckard Dead . rachael oh . she put it down and come to he . rachael how come you be not on the job ? deckard I be . part of my job be to sit on a couch and try and figure thing out . rachael how be you do ? deckard not too good . she sit next to he . please as hell , they both sit there stare straight ahead . he look at she . she look at he . rachael what do people do in the afternoon ? deckard if they be smart , they take nap . int . deckard bedroom - day 79 they be under the sheet . rachael be on she back , look - ing at the ceiling , hair sprawle like sea grass over the pillow . deckard lie next to she , a man study a treasure . rachael do you dream ? deckard yeah . sometimes . rachael I wish I could . his hand move over she shoulder . deckard wish be a kind of dream . his hand go under the sheet . rachael I mean asleep . she feel good . he move closer . rachael do you cry when you father die ? deckard yeah . rachael that 's another thing I can not do . he kiss she lightly on the cheek . rachael nobody be freer than when he dream . I read that . deckard it be not very good last night , be it ? rachael I do not know , I have nothing to compare it to . I guess I think there be something more to it . deckard what ? rachael I do not know ... I think I miss something . deckard like ? rachael I be not sure . be there a secret ? her face be close . she 's look right at he . her lip be right there . deckard I do not know . if there be I would like to find it . slowly they lip touch and he arm slide under she body . int . sebastian' apartment - day 80 batty , pris and Mary sit at the table stare at they host . sebastian be stare back , he fork halfway to he mouth , look from face to face . although nothing be be say , he 's totally comfortable , as much at home with they as he be with he animoid . batty why be you stare at we ? sebastian you be just all so ... so different . batty nod he head , smile , send home the fact and sebastian be certainly get it . batty what , sebastian ? sebastian you be android . a long pause . pris what make you think so ? sebastian you be all so perfect . sebastian be smile from ear to ear . sebastian what generation be you ? batty nexus - 6 . sebastian whistle . Mary 's head be shaking slightly . pris get up and move to the couch . batty could not be more pleased . batty we can trust sebastian , lady . he 's be work with mechanism all he life . he 's a wizard and a very perceptive man . sebastian look like a kid on Christmas Eve . sebastian could you ... his voice be tremble . sebastian show I something ? batty like what ? sebastian like ... like a million thing , but he 's too excited to think of one . batty we be not computer , sebastian , we be physical . pris perk up proudly . pris I think , therefore I be . batty very good , pris . now show he why . it 's a command pris be pleased to obey . she sit quiet - ly a moment , hand fold in she lap , prim and proper . Mary do not like this display , but batty be beam . that hand in pris ' lap suddenly move , almost faster than the eye can see and slam down on either side of she , digging into the material with such ferocity that sebastian jump . she plunge into the gut of the couch up to she elbow and come up hold spring and stuff - ing . except for the clench tooth , she be smile like a angel . sebastian be rivete , he eye wide and astound , like he 's just see the devil . he laugh nervously , glad that the devil be a friend . batty we have a lot in common . sebastian you mean that you can not come here and I can not go there ? batty not only that , but we have smiliar problem . accelerate decrepitude . but we do not want to die quite yet . sebastian of course not . batty you could help we . sebastian I do not know much about biomechanics , Roy . I wish I do , but you be out of my league . batty if we do not find help soon , pris have not get long to live . sebastian sneak a glance . pris be stare at he with big childlike eye , sebastian look back at batty , move but helpless . batty what about you friend , the man who own this building ? sebastian Dr. tyrell ? batty nod . sebastian he 's not really my friend . I just do a job for he now and then . batty tyrell could help we , sebastian . sebastian he could ? batty his company make we . sebastian I would be happy to mention it to he . batty be better if I could talk to he in person . but he 's not a easy man to get to . sebastian no . batty when do you deliver you project ? sebastian this afternoon . batty lean forward and look right into sebastian 's eye . batty will you help we ? there 's no way sebastian could say no , even if he want to . sebastian yes . pris sit up smile . Mary sigh a breath of relief and batty lean back nodd in gratitude . batty I be sure glad you find we , sebastian . what do you think , Mary ? mary I do not think there be another human be in this whole world who would have help we . batty pris ? pris get up and come to sebastian and kiss he . that have a lot of impact . sebastian look around try - ing to keep the tear from come . batty you be we best and only friend . sebastian thank you . int . deckard apartment bedroom - day 81 rachael be lie across the bed in one of deckard 's shirt , she chin over the edge , she eye move around the room . deckard lie next to she . look like a man who die a voluptuous death . rachael when be the last time you clean this place ? deckard hmmm ? rachael have you ever clean you apartment ? deckard do not be fool by appearance . rachael it appear to be dirty -- why do not you get somebody ? he roll over to admire she leg . deckard because they would ruin the arrangement . he kiss the back of she thigh . rachael they could clean around the arrangement . deckard I do not like people snooping around my stuff . he kiss she other thigh , get up and go into the bathroom . deckard voice there 's a vacuum in the front room closet be you wanna give it a try . rachael lie there a moment , then get up and go into the front room and open the closet door . the vacuum be not easy to get to , but finally she wrestle it out . as she start to plug it in -- deckard oh no , do not do that . he 's wrap in a sheet , watch she from the doorway . rachael but if I do not plug it in how can I ... deckard never mind the plug , just go through the motion . rachael but then how can you ... deckard I do not like the noise . just practice . practice make perfect . she stare at he like he 's nut . deckard I be serious . go ahead . show I how you would do it . reluctantly she make some half - heart pass with the thing . deckard how about under the couch there . come on . she bend over to get it . deckard pull up a chair and sit down with he chin in he hand . she look back at he . rachael this feel stupid . deckard good for a smart girl to feel stupid . part of you education . she drop the vacuum and sit on the floor . deckard get up and come towards she . her eye travel halfway down he sheet and she leave . rachael you be sick , deckard . deckard I never feel better . ext . tyrell preserve - dusk 82 mansion and opulent grounds . sebastian 's humble truck park among richer relation , include a spinner and a 1928 dusenberg . ext . tyrell mansion - dusk 83 the de . it contain a collection of big game trophy , and among all this sit sebastian very straight and proper with a " egg " the size of a basketball in he lap . Old hannibal chew be right , the rich make you wait . sebastian stand and carefully make he way between the trophy to a window with a view of the grounds . ext . tyrell mansion pool - dusk 84 tyrell 's young wife sit on the diving board watch she husband in the pool with they youngest tot . and two older lad swim around try to outdo each other for they dad 's attention . from the sideline a old servant pause to watch the fun , then continue with a tray of mug towards the house . ext . plateau - dusk 85 and beyond on a plateau overlook the grounds , a figure stand watch , wait like a bird of prey . ext . tyrell preserve - dusk 86 on a gravel path between shrub of winter rose , tyrell turn to observe the last quiet light over he kingdom . the moment be sweeten by the low plaintive bellow of one of the animal . he stroll by a old gardener who tip he cap , pro - ceed up the step and into he mansion . int . tyrell den - night 87 next to a tray of cookie and milk , sebastian sit pa - tiently with the " egg " in he lap . as the door open he get to he foot expectantly . it 's style , tyrell 's bodyguard . he could play the giant in Jack and the beanstalk . style okay , I will take that now . sebastian would rather put it in the boss 's hand , but style take it and be almost through the door when sebastian stop he . sebastian wait ! he almost forget . sebastian can not fly without the pilot . sebastian hand he a little box . style stuff it in he pocket and shut the door behind he . ext . tyrell preserve - night 88 motionless and monumental , six buffalo stand like stat - ues in the grass . suddenly they swing they shaggy head to watch something pass . in the dark silence batty stop to look at the curious beast and then move soundlessly towards the mansion . int . tyrell dine room - night 89 it 's a medieval - size hall . the piece de resistance be a 18th century , English painting of a arab stallion , gleam like coal over the crackling fireplace . the entire family be seat at the table which glitter for the festive occasion . present gather around the oldest child . style hand the " egg " to tyrell . a hush fall over the table . this be dad 's big present . tyrell set be down before the boy . ian be a fresh , slim lad who be ten today . he look up at he father , then , beam , pries open the " egg 's " hinge lid . tyrell 's hand go to he pocket and the griffon step out of the shell . ian oh ! basically a avian invention , it have wing and plumage , the head of a eagle , the body of a lion and weigh no more than eight pound . it crane its neck and testing its balance , stand on one leg and then hop to the edge of the table and into the air . the littlest tot clap she hand as the griffon beat its wing rapidly and rise towards the ceiling . turn - ing in a forty - five degree , it suddenly drop into a dive . delighted , the child shriek and scream as the griffon swoops over they crouching head and sail the length of the hall -- its silhouette flicker briefly over the ancestral portrait of the tyrell clan . reaching the end of the room , it bank sharply and fly back towards the table , cup its wing , spread its tail and come in for a awkward landing . they be laugh and clap as it waddle down the table and knock over a glass and stop in front of Ian . ian papa ! do you make this ? tyrell no . we can make man , but not a griffon . he bend down and kiss he wife . tyrell have to give the cottage industry a chance too . please he excuse himself and head for the de . int . tyrell den - night 90 tyrell come in and sit behind he desk . sebastian hand down the invoice . tyrell glance over they and write out a check . he look up to hand it over when he see batty against the wall , by the door . for a fraction of a second he 's shocked , but recover fast . tyrell a friend of yours , sebastian ? sebastian yes , this be someone who want to talk to you , Dr. tyrell . batty smile . batty the name be batty . Roy batty . tyrell oh ? very slowly tyrell 's hand move towards the back side of the desk . batty to act without understanding could lead to the very thing the act seek to avoid . what 's in batty 's eye complete the warning . tyrell decide to heed it . batty a little talk it all I need . tyrell look at sebastian . consider consequence . back to batty . tyrell would you like to talk in private then . batty think it over . batty yeah . it might be better if we talk in private , sebastian . why do not you go home . tyrell here 's you check , my boy . thank you . sebastian thank you , Dr. tyrell . I will see you later . he slip out close the door behind he . open it again and stick he head it . sebastian be everything okay ? tyrell just beautiful . he 's go . if tyrell be scared he 's do a good job of conceal it . tyrell I be surprised you do not come to I sooner . batty it 's not a easy thing to meet you maker . tyrell and what can he do for you ? batty can the maker repair what he make ? tyrell would you like to be modify ? batty have in mind something a little more radical . tyrell what 's the problem ? batty death . tyrell I be afraid that 's a little out of my ... batty cut in with a whisper . batty I want more life , fucker . tyrell come here . batty walk forward . tyrell sit down . batty do . tyrell the fact of life . I will be blunt . to make a alteration in the evolvement of a organic life system , at least by man , maker or not , it fatal . a coding sequence can not be revise once it 's establish . batty why ? tyrell because by the second day of incubation any cell that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colony -- like rat leave a sink ship . the ship sink . batty what about e.m.s. recombination ? tyrell we have already try it -- ethyl methane sulfonate be a alkylate agent and a potent mutagen -- it create a virus so lethal the subject be destroy before we leave the table . batty nod grimly . batty then a repressor protein that block the operate cell . tyrell would not obstruct replication , but it do give rise to a error in replication , so that the newly form DNA strand carry a mutation and you be get a virus again ... but all this be academic -- you be make as good as we could make you . batty but not to last . tyrell put it this way . roll royce be make to last -- as least they be . but I be afraid you be a Ferrari . a high strung racing car -- build to win , not to last . batty smile bitterly . tyrell also you be too valuable to experiment with . batty I be ? tyrell can not help a flash of pride . tyrell the bast of all possible android . we be proud of we prodigal son -- glad you be return . you be quite a prize . shoulder hunch , batty look down , a uncharacteristic note of guilt in he voice . batty I have do some questionable thing . tyrell also extraordinary thing . batty nothing the God of biomechanics would not let you in heaven for . they share a laugh . in spite of himself , there 's a look of relief in tyrell 's face as batty extend he hand . tyrell take it and they shake . the reverence in bat - ty' eye cause tyrell a fatherly smile . the smile turn into a growl as he feel the bone in he hand crack . before the scream come out of he mouth , batty stifles it . tyrell claw at the iron finger , but they be sink into he face . place he other hand behind tyrell 's head , batty squeeze they together and squash the man 's head like a melon . the mess be not small . palm up , like a surgeon , batty walk to the drape and wipe off the gore and without look back , stroll out of the room . int . tyrell - hall to kitchen - night 90 a style be come down the hall . he see batty come towards he . style look at he curiously , this be not one of the guest . as they close , batty smile . batty could you tell I where the bathroom be ? style do not get a chance to answer . batty 's hand have tear into he crotch . the man be lift off the floor , up the wall and hold a moment . whatever be encase in he pelvis be pulverize . batty let go . style hit the floor . he die of shock . grind he tooth , batty continue towards the sound of the festivity . int . dine room - night 91 the birthday cake have arrive , the candle light . they be wait for dad . Mrs. tyrell look around to find batty observe from the doorway . a little startle , a little curious , but ever the cor - porate wife , she smile . mrs . tyrell May I help you ? batty smile back and shake he head in mock regret . int . kitchen - night 92 in the sink the faucet be on . the water pink with blood . batty be wash he hand . a portly may emerge from the pantry . batty look up . she stop , embarrassed at be catch . her eye no - tice drop of blood on the floor and follow they to the door . when she look back , batty be right in front of she . int . deckard bedroom - night 93 book scattered on the bed . rachael sit cross - legge with one in she lap , look through exquisite shot of nature . deckard be next to she , watch she like a lover , like a father . deckard ( v.o. ) she would never see the great outdoors . never even see book on the subject . she go through everything I have , and we talk . and there be subject we do not discuss and they be word we do not say , I could not say , like death , like future , like real . but it be hard because she be curious and full of question . she be more alive than anyone I would ever know . she look up stunne by the beauty of a photo , but with no need to comment . it 's in she eye . she stare at he , a revelation take shape . rachael you and I be good friend , huh ? he consider it and she stare at he , smile at the wonder of it . rachael it 's so easy . convince and not convinced , he nod he head . she laugh at he solemnity . she 's irresistible . deckard 's pretty irresistible himself . rachael have you ever know anybody a long time ? deckard you mean a woman ? rachael uh-huh . deckard what 's a long time ? rachael ten year . deckard nope . nobody could stand I that long . the chime on the phone next to the bed goe off . he reach out and bring it to he ear . deckard yeah . bryant this be Bryant . be you alone ? deckard yeah . bryant she 's not with you ? deckard who . a pause . bryant take a number . canapt 1700 , tenth floor , villa vita District , olympia South . deckard get it . bryant okay , here it be . eldon tyrell , he family and half he staff be just massacre . the cat be about to get out of the bag . pressure be definitely on . the nexus program be terminate . when you finish there , locate nexus designate rachael and retire . deckard say nothing . bryant if you do not , we will . it have to be total , deckard . that 's a order from as high as it come . get it ? deckard yeah . I get it . bryant go. he hang up the receiver and get up . she watch he from the bed . the gun go into he belt . he load the ankle job and strap it on . she watch every move . rachael why do you call it retire , why do not you call it murder ? deckard because it 's not . rachael do not you think anything that can suffer deserve to be consider ? deckard andyy only simulate suffer -- if they be program for it . rachael do you think I simulate what happen between we ? deckard no , I do not . without look at she , he put on he jacket . he 's stand in the middle of the floor with he back to she . he turn and they be face one another . neither of they move . deckard do not leave here . do not open the door , do not answer the phone . rachael what difference will it make ? deckard just wait here . he go to the door . rachael you know what I think ? deckard what ? rachael that some of the folk around here be more program then I . he have to laugh . rachael you know what else I think ? decakrd what ? rachael this be the best day of my life . he turn and go through the door . int . sebastian' apartment - night 94 sebastian be put he work table in order , but he mind be not with it and he hand be tremble . batty , pris and Mary be on the other side of the room talk : they voice low . mary let 's go while there be still time . batty where ? mary anywhere . batty smile . batty what 's the point ? mary not to be trap . batty you underestimate the trap , Mary . sebastian have almost reach the door . batty where be you go , sebastian ? sebastian just think I would ... batty no , you stay here with we . out last night together . they all watch . sebastian walk away from the door . batty think of yourself as a light , Mary . shine before you be turn off . she 's too fragile for that logic , but it appeal to pris . she and batty hold a look that burn . sebastian be by the window . sebastian someone be come here . batty go to the window and look down . batty one man . ( he smile ) he must be good . mary then go get he . batty that would not be very sport . sebastian look ready to bolt . batty put a arm around he . pris I want to do it . batty okay , but do not kill he . save a little for everybody . a masterpiece . a pause . batty turn out the light , pris . ext . sebastian' apartment - night 95 in the dim , nocturnal light , deckard cross into the courtyard front the building and stop . he look around . nobody there , just silence . he come closer to the building and stand in the sha - dow off to one side of the entry . his head jerk up to the SOUND of crashing glass . sebastian come hurtle down and explode into the pavement thirty foot below . deckard 's eye move up the line of descent , the shat - tere window on the next - to - top floor . int . sebastian' apartment lobby - night 96 not much to see , but deckard miss none of it as he cross the floor and position himself in the spot of least exposure . he look around . Elevator and stair - well . Close to the wall , he move towards the elevator , keep - ing a eye on the stairwell door . stepping to one side , he hit the button . the elevator door slide open . he reach in , press a button and as the door slide shut , deckard slip a pen between the door , jam the operation . deckard 's shoe and soundless as he quickly cross the lobby floor . he pause a moment in front of the stair - well door , then push it open and : int . stairwell , sebastian' apartment - night 97 step into the dark on the other side . suddenly he spin , drop to the floor , and fire three time in - to the figure hover to he leave . the man be hang off the floor , he arm lock into the railing , neck break -- with three hole in he chest ... but he be already dead . deckard stare at the corpse . it 's Mr. deetchum , the old watchman . that rustling SOUND be rat who be feed on he , scamper for safer place , deckard get to he foot . the stairway rectangle ten storey up . as he foot touch the first step , a raw , terrify scream shatter the air . it come from below . it 's the cry of a young girl -- it grow to a piercing shriek and abruptly stop . deckard eject the half - use cartridge from he laser , insert a fresh one and quiet as the silence , descend the basement stair . int . basement - night 98 at the bottom he face a corridor . the faint hum of machinery come from the double door at the far end . the hum become a rattle by the time he get there . each door be fitte with a small window . deckard step to the side and peer through . int . gym - night 99 it 's a gym . the mirror-line wall be crack and tarnish , the equipment atrophy from lack of use . the heavier barbell have sink into the floor . two weight - reduce machine be flap and grind away like idiot . deckard 's eye stop on the woman . she dangle a few foot off the floor , hang by the shoulder through ring suspend from the ceiling . her head be sling forward , she body limp and slightly sway . deckard push open one of the door until it touch the wall . slowly , he advance toward the hang figure , keep a eye on the mirror to cover surprise from the door . he 's not breathe hard . his heart be not pound - ing . deckard 's in he element . Close enough to look up into she face , he stop . it be not grisly death that cause the reaction in he eye . it 's the innocence of she angel face . it 's not something he have time to consider . in the mirror behind he , he see the door start to open . deckard spin . he should not have . pris ' leg snap up , crack the laser out of he hand and clamp around he neck . slowly , the door swing close , but deckard do not notice . his carotid artery be no longer send blood to the brain . he jerk up he foot and reach down . as he finger close around the ankle laser , pris ' finger close around he wrist . deckard 's hand open like a flower . the laser drop to the floor as he eye roll back into he head . pris naughty , naughty . she let go , but before he can fall , she ram a foot into he back . he 's propel fifteen foot across the room , slam into a machine and fall to the floor . pris fly off the ring and come at he . deckard reach out to pull himself up , but she 's al - ready there . not too hard and just in the right place , she kick he in the stomach . he go back to the floor , gag for air . oh-so - precisely she reach out with a long index finger and flip the switch on the machine . it 's a flab eliminator with a vibrator belt . normally a innocuous piece of equipment , but the motor housing on this one be miss . lot of grinding metal . a bad place for flesh and bone . but that 's where deckard 's hand be go . a eight - year - old against a full - down man . in two more second he hand will be ground round . deckard try to pull he hand loose . it will not come . he yank hard , but it 's weld in hers . his face be twisted and strain as he raise a leg , wedge he foot against she chest and push with all he might . the hold break . they topple back . deckard hit the floor gulp to catch he breath . pris be up and come for he again . she hover over he . deckard roll out of the way as she come down like a pile driver . reflexively deckard raise he arm to protect himself . pris just smile , take hold of he foot and drag he across the floor . she do not like to leave a piece of work unfinish . they be go back to the machine . he go by a weight -stand of dumbbell and grab hold . it do not stop he . he 's slide over the floor like it be ice , weight stand in tow . pris get to the machine , yank he foot up and force it toward the open . deckard sit up , a five - pound dumbbell in he hand , and clobber she in the back . it knock she off balance , but she do not let go of he foot . she hook out with a fist but miss . he get she with a roundhouse in the face . she go to the floor and deckard 's up , the dumbbell over he head , come down with it . Fighting for she life now , pris drive a foot into he chest . it lift he off the floor . he fly back across the gym and land in a heap . no more game . pris be furious and move fast . she rip a steel bar out of the wall and , hold it over - head , charge he like a samurai . as she come down for the kill , she freeze . deckard land near the laser . he crawl towards it . as in a nightmare , it take forever . but he get there . he reach out and grab the laser , roll over and take careful aim . she charge towards he , scream she rage . he fire as she come . the shot amputate she leave arm at the shoulder , but she hand do not let go of the bar . it dangle crazily in front of she as she charge forward . he put the next one through she neck . pris hiccup a rope of blood as she fly through the air and crash next to deckard . Dead . he lie next to she , chest heaving . slowly he roll over and get to he hand and knee . pant , he stag - ger to he foot and stand over she , sway slightly . the sound that escape he throat be raspy and dry . it might not sound like a war cry , but it be . int . corridor - night 100 laser in hand , deckard kick open the swinging door and walk into the corridor , a dangerous man . int . stairwell - night 101 deckard arrive at the main floor landing , check he load and continue up the stair . he 's go to shoot the next thing that move and find out later if he be right or wrong . int . stairwell - second floor - night 101a on the next landing he throw the door open . his eye move down the hall , look for print in the dust . none . he continue up the stair . int . ninth floor - night 102 on the ninth floor he find what he 's look for . footprint come and go from a door halfway down the hall . he stop to the side of it and listen . silence . deckard fire three quick shot through the door . if somebody be on the other side of it , they be not now . he kick the door open and dive through head first and hit the floor in a roll , pouring FIRE into the far corner of the room but the room be empty . there 's a kitchen bar , a closet and a bedroom door , both close . deckard 's breathe be the only sound . no response from either door . maybe it be a sound , maybe intuition , but suddenly deckard twist around and fire several shot into the closet . the smoulder door slowly creak open . Mary be huddle in the rear of the closet . her hand out like somebody about to catch a ball but afraid of it . in she other hand she clutches a button -ey monkey . her face be bewilder , freeze in fear , she body riddled with hole . no recognition gap here . deckard shoot she through the neck to make sure . Mary fall to the floor , like a puppet with she string cut . deckard back away from the pathetic figure in the closet and sit on the sofa , unable to take he eye off she . deckard lay the laser down next to he , hold out he hand and look at it . it 's steady . he drop it in he lap , close he eye and lean back . a tapping from the ceiling . deckard look up . a knock -- with the proverbial double rap at the end . a pause . deckard jump out of the way as the ceiling give in . chuck on concrete and plaster hit the couch where he be sit . the hole be a couple foot in diameter -- beam crack through , expose the apartment above . silence . deckard wipe the plaster dust from he eye and mouth , then whisper : deckard hello , Roy . int . stairwell - ninth and tenth floor - night 103 deckard come out onto the landing . take he time , he climb the step to the next floor , the last floor . he shoot the hinge out of the big stairwell door , push it with he foot and it come down with a bang . the reverberation turn into silence . the corridor be empty . int . corridor - tenth floor - night 104 move fast but cautious , he pass each door until he good to the apartment above sebastian 's . slowly he turn the know and push open the door . int . apartment - tenth floor - night 105 except for the hole in the middle of the floor , there 's nothing to see . back against the wall , he move to - ward the bedroom , but stop at the noise . it sound like the hooting of a owl and it 's come from the hallway . int . corridor - tenth floor - night 106 deckard look around the corner of the door down the hall . batty 's at the other end . except for jockstrap and gym shoe , he 's nude . batty you wanna play ? deckard fire . batty 's fast . he duck into a doorway . pop out again . batty not very sport to fire on a unarm opponent . I think you be suppose to be good . be not you the man ?! the makeup on batty 's face be somewhere between a coman - che warrior and a transvestite . the immensity of he insolence awesome -- the muscle of he body be swol - len , tremble from the thrill of it . batty this be how we do it up there , lad ! come on ! in a blue of lightning - like action , batty whip down the hall , zigzagge off the wall towards deckard so fast that deckard get only three shot off before the blur crash through the wall on he leave with a laugh . deckard stand there a moment -- digest the impact of it , then edge up to the gape wall . batty be be - hind he . he knee deckard in the back and slap he in the head . deckard go to he knee , then over on he face . batty kneel next to he . batty not hurt , be you ? you better get it up or I be go to have to kill you . unless you be alive you can not play . and if you do not play , you do not get to be alive . deckard 's eye be close , mouth bleed . he exhales and make and effort . he slide he hand up even with he chest and start to push . batty that 's the spirit . like a matador , batty walk away . by the time deckard 's on he foot , batty 's disappear through one of the door . deckard wipe the blood from he mouth , bend down and pick up he laser , reload and look down the hall , towards the jeer voice . batty voice come on , deckard , show I what you get ! I be right here on the other side of the door . but you gotta shoot straight ' cause I be fast ! deckard get to the door , blast it , kick it open and fire at batty . but it 's only the reflection of batty . int . room - tenth floor - night 107 the full length mirror on the other side of the room shatter . batty 's next to he , grab deckard 's hand and step in closer . batty straight do not seem to be good enough . they be face to face . batty you do not have a chance , do you ? in a exaggeration of weary disappointment , batty drop he head to the side . batty look like I be gonna have to scale it down for you . give you a handicap . I will not run through any more wall . okay ? I promise to use the door . okay ? deckard stare back at he , but do not respond . sud - denly fury storm through batty . he throw deckard out the door , knock he down , grab he by the collar and ram he head into the wall . batty come on , let 's use that brain ! int . tenth floor corridor - night 108 he drag he down the hall , on he knee and bang he head into the wall again . batty think ! we need a little resilience around here ! he yank he further and bashes he head again . batty where be that ball of yours ?! let 's see a little bravery ! the storm pass . deckard hang in batty 's hand like a bag of laundry . batty that be irrational of I -- not to mention unsportsmanlike . wo not happen again . he drop he . batty I will be down the hall when you be ready . Betty walk off and disappear through one of the door . deckard get to he knee , lean against the wall a mo - ment , then punch it with he fist . on he foot he 's a little wobbly . holding he breath so he can hear above he own breathe , he listen . no sound . no sign of batty . the laser be lay nearby . he do not bother . deckard be back down the hall , quiet as he can . he have a job to do . he would like to have do it , but he 's not insane . he get to the landing and turn . on the first step down , he stop . batty 's on the land - ing below , look up at he . batty where you go ? he wait a moment for deckard 's answer . batty no cheating . a promise be a promise . I will honor the handicapped , but we gotta play on the top floor . you go get you laser gun now . and I will give you a few second before I come . deckard turn back into the hall . batty smile . deckard 's run down the corridor . batty voice one ! halfway down the hall he find he laser . batty voice two ! deckard dart into the nearest door . the apartment above sebastian 's , with the hole in the floor . deckard consider it . batty voice no fair jump through hole . you might get hurt do that ! three ! deckard dash back into the hall , choose another door and go in . int . tenth floor apartment - night 109 his eye skim over everything , look for a advantage . he throw open a door . the bathroom . the plumbing be dismantle , wall stripped , revealing brick , nail protrude . too small . int . tenth floor stairwell - night 110 batty 's come up the step . batty five ! int . tenth floor apartment - night 111 deckard 's look for a corner -- a place that cover the angle . he choose the far side of the room with a line to the door . int . tenth floor hall - night 112 batty 's come down the center , listen at the door . batty six ! int . tenth floor apartment - night 113 deckard 's crouch in the corner and aim . he look at he hand . it 's tremble . batty voice Seven ! int . tenth floor hall - night 114 batty 's stand in front of a door , listen . batty oh , I wonder where he be . not in here , I do not think . eight ! he go to the next door . batty maybe here . do not sound like it . nine ! batty move to the next . the door to deckard . int . tenth floor apartment - night 115 deckard 's crouch lower , hold he breath -- talk about a hair trigger ... silence . batty 's feet be hear creaking away . deckard look around . run a hand over the wall behind he . batty 's feet come back . a pause . batty ten ! the door explode ! a shape hurtle across the room . deckard pivot , fol - low it with rapid FIRE . it 's a tv . he spin back . but batty 's already on he . he get one shot off be - fore batty 's get he hand . there 's a hole over batty 's right eye . blood run down he face , drip on deckard . the right side of he face be not work too good . the corner of he mouth do not quite shut -- he voice come out slur , a little hollow . batty one point for you . the would do not minimize he omnipotence , just make it more malignant . he throw deckard against the far wall . deckard fire . Hit batty in the shoulder . batty Ho ho ! try it again ! he come at deckard , jerk back and forth , a cobra in fast motion , fake , weaving , yelping with excitement as deckard try to get a shot , firing away until he laser 's empty . bloody and craze , batty push up against he . batty what 's wrong ? do not you like I ? I be what we have make ! int . tenth floor hall - night 116 he 's back deckard out the door . deckard trip and fall . there 's fear on he face . the strength be go . something be start to crack . batty what 's wrong ? be not you a lover of faster , bigger and better ?! deckard 's pedale backwards over the floor . batty it 's time to die . deckard throw the laser at he . it miss . batty throw he head back and laugh . a one - eye colossus about to eat the world . suddenly he stop . his eye move over the wall . batty ah ! he reach out and pinch something . his lip compress as he yank it out of the wall . it 's a ten-penny nail . he hold it out to deckard and drop it . deckard catch it . batty that 's for you . one side of batty 's face smile savagely . batty stick it in you ear and push . if that do not work , try the eye . deckard stare at the nail in he hand , then up at he executioner . batty believe I , it will be better for you than what I be about to do . batty watch he , hope the stimulus might inspire he victim to more action . it do not look like it . batty well ? deckard spring to he foot and bolt . but instead of go for the stairwell he turn in the first available door . int . tenth floor apartment # 2 - night 117 provocation accomplish . batty smile and walk lei - surely towards the door . deckard 's terrify scream and the SOUND of glass crashing stop he . batty speed up and move into the room . the window pane be splatter , curtain suck out , bellow in the wind . batty crap . he walk up to the window . deckard come away from the wall , inching up behind he , laser in both hand , aim at the base of batty 's skull . batty start to lean over , but even before he eye see the pavement , he know . he spin ... deckard fire again . this one go home . batty fall like he be poleax , hit the floor dead weight . deckard start to tremble . his arm go limp as he head tilt back and he close he eye . he can breathe again . on the floor , batty 's hand be crawl toward deckard 's ankle . with the unsuspected abruptness of a man slip on a banana peel , deckard come down . face knotted in hor - ror , he empties the laser in batty 's body -- but the hand hold on . with a screech of frustration he drop the laser and like a animal claw at batty 's dead finger -- but the finger be weld shut . deckard start to crawl , pull batty behind he . he struggle through the door and stumble to he foot . int . tenth floor hall - night 118 deckard plunge down the corridor drag batty along . he fall , get to one foot , fall again and crawl the last couple foot to the stairwell . int . tenth floor stairwell - night 119 groaning , he tug and pull , haul and heave batty 's body to the edge of the landing . he pause for breath , then lay back , wedge he foot against batty 's shoul - der and push . inch by inch the body go over the edge . then all at once it drop . but the hand hold and the weight of the body take deckard with it . as deckard slide over the edge , he grab hold of the railing . deckard 's hang three hundred foot over the basement floor , support himself and batty 's corpse -- almost four hundred pound of stress on he finger . with he free foot he chop away at batty 's hand , try - ing to break it loose . but it 's not work . deckard 's finger be start to slip . his face be a mask of agony as he wedge he heel over batty 's thumb . with the help of gravity and everything he 's get in he right leg to push with , he push . the thumb break loose . batty fall . the SOUND of he body hitting below sound good , but deckard do not notice . he 's in a awkward position . he must reverse the way he 's face to pull himself up . he let go with he right hand and cross it over the leave . then turn the leave around so he 's get a over - hand grip . like a man do he last pull - up ... the one that can not be do , deckard pull himself up , throw a foot over the edge and grapples and heave and wiggle himself onto the cold solid steel of the stairwell landing . and lie there , body jerk spasmodically , slowly clenching and unclench he cramped hand , but it 's he burn cheek against the cool metal he 's most aware of . dizzy , hot , lung on fire , he stand -- and put one foot in front of the other , deckard descend the stair . ext . sebastian' build - dawn 120 slowly the door push open and deckard come out into the morning . the sun be not yet rise , but the sky have begin to pale . it 's a brood gray stew of a dawn not very pretty , but even though he can not show it , deckard be glad to see it . for a moment he tilt he head back and take some breath , then walk across the courtyard towards the street , so dead on he foot he have not the energy to fall . deckard slump into the shelter of he car . the col - lapse on the front seat . int . deckard bedroom - dawn 121 in a corner of the dimness deckard sit slump on a chair , face the pearly gray light of the window . the only SOUND in the room be the soft steady breathing that come from the bed . quietly he get up and walk over to she . rachael lie sleep , one delicate arm expose from under the sheet . deckard stand there , bettere and grim , stare down at she . moment go by and finally he sit gently on the edge of the bed . rachael open she eye , and look up at he , she smile . ext . countryside ( montage ) - day 122 deckard 's car be skim over the narrow highway . he and rachael in the front seat . except for the occasion - al glance , they face be still and quiet in the cold shine of a icy dream . the cloud overhead be soft and swift . deckard ( v.o. ) she want to go to a place I know . out of the city . like one of that picture she see . where there be tree but no building . rachael 's face in the window watch the wood stream by . deckard ( v.o. ) we have a good time . she tell I a funny story and I teach she a song . a song about monkey and elephant . and it make we laugh so hard we could not sing . ext . wood ( montage ) - day 123 deckard and rachael walk . the land lay white and hushed before they . down a aisle of maple and beech . the frosty light slant through the clean , hard limb . the crisp , blue - white snow underfoot melt through in spot expose soggy patch of rich brown earth . rachael stop and face he . her lip be parte , she warm breath turn the cold air to vapor . look lithe and fragile by this barren-rooted tree , she stand in the crisp white snow look at deckard . nothing in she retreat , even now she eye insist on know . ext . wood - day 124 deckard walk over the snow . alone . he walk slowly , mechanically through the cold , unaffected by it . his gaunt face , empty of expression except for the tear run down he pale cheek . but for the squeak of he wet shoe over the crust snow , there be no sound . and deckard recede into the silence of the freezing white landscape . ext . highway - night 125 deckard 's car , solid , throbbing , gunning along like some metal animal . headlights pierce the dark of the long , flat road . whistling speed of air and tire spin - ning thrum . and then silence . and the silence astound by the crack of a gun . int . car - night 126 deckard be behind the wheel , face in shadow , eye star - ing straight ahead . deckard ( v.o. ) I tell myself over and over again , if I have not do it , they would have . I do not go back to the city , not that city , I do not want the job . she say the great advantage of be alive be to have a choice . and she choose . and a part of I be almost glad . not because she be go but because this way they could never touch she . as for tyrell -- he be murder , but he be not dead . for a long time I want to kill he . but what be the point ? there be too many tyrell . but only one rachael . maybe real and unreal could never be separate . the secret never find . but I get as close with she as I would ever come to it . she would stay with I a long time . I guess we make each other real . and the ruby light of deckard 's car disappear into the darkness . the end