blade : trinity over darkness a woman' voice speak to we . abigail ( v.0 . ) italo calvino once say that myth be the hide part of every story , the bury part , the region that be still unexplored because there be as yet no word to enable we to get there . ( beat ) but I be there for the end . I take part in it . and I think my word can help shed light on what happen . my name be abigail . this be we story . fade in : ext . iraqi desert - dawn harsh sunlight beat down over a bleak , unforgive stretch of rocky desert . amidst this desolation rise the ruin of a ancient sumerian ziggurat , a massive step pyramid of mud brick that be once the center of the city know as ur. super title : southeastern iraq , dhi qar province six month ago a emaciated sheep herder kneel by the ziggurat , tend to a rag band of sheep . he be conduct the first of he daily prayer , listen to a religious broadcast from Baghdad on a tinny radio . presently , we hear helicopter . the sheepherder look up -- two anerican rah-66 comanche helicopter approach from the East . they touch down near the base of the ziggurat , rotor stir up cloud of dust . four figure disembark , they body cover in desert camo-gear . they wear helmet with polarize face - plate and be armed to the tooth . to the sheepherder they might as well be alien . one of the figure turn to the East . we can see the rise sun reflect in the face - plate of he helmet -- and a hint of a skull - like under - mask / respirator beneath the face-plate . he raise a glove hand , give the " finger " to the new day . another figure ( a woman ) wave a hand , urging they onward . they mount the central step of the ziggurat . int . ziggurat - shrine - day the shrine be empty . the woman activate a wearable computing device , call up a schematic of the ziggurat . she kneel , study the floor . in the corner of the room she identify a particular brick and press it . we hear hide counter -weight shifting and the floor open up -- -- revealing a stone stairway lead down . int . ziggurat - stairway - day dark. sepulchral . spooky . the figure descend into -- int . ziggurat - burial vault - day -- a empty room with a earthen floor . the sunlight from above barely penetrate down here . one of the figure take out a battery -- power lantern , turn it on , illuminate -- -- wall cover with cuneiform writing . the male figure who flip off the sun speak via radio headset . male figure that 's great . we have get dick . ( turn to the other ) be there any reason we have to embark on this cluster - fuck during the day ? the woman remove she helmet . this be danica talos . a vampire . intense , appear to be in she 30 . possess a regal air . she wear a silver crucifix around she neck . danica night-time 's too tricky , grimwood . you know that . one by one , the other remove they helmet . all vampire : grimwood ( 30 ) , a hulk vampire with a impose physique and a even more impose set of surgical steel tooth / fang . asher ( 4 os ) , a natural - bear leader with easygoing charisma . wolfe ( 30 ) , quiet and deliberative . right now he 's readying a portable ground - penetrate radar unit . grimwood study the write on the wall . grimwood what be this chicken -scratch ? danica cuneiform . date back about four thousand year . grimwood so why here ? danica because this be the cradle of civilization . he would have be comfortable here . asher I do not know , Dan . seem like another dead -end . wolfe I be not so sure -- wolfe look at he unit , excited . the other gather round . wolfe there 's something beneath we . on wolfe's radar unit we see a cross-section image of the soil and subsurface feature beneath they . something have be bury down there . asher be that a body --? wolfe make a few adjustment on the unit . the image resolve further . it 's definitely a body . then , we hear the low rumbling of more hide counter - weight and -- a slab of stone slide down from above the stair , sealing off the vault . grimwood what the fuck --?! grimwood pound he fist against the stone . it 's solid . he try to find a hand -hold , try to shoulder it open in some way , but the barrier be unmovable . they be trap . asher Radio back - up . see if they can open it from the other -- wolfe ( 0.s. ) guy ? wolfe point at the ground . a tiny depression have form , with sand funnel into it . wolfe set he radar unit down and kneel before the hole . the grain of sand be fall faster now , the depression gradually widen . curious , wolfe lean closer -- a clawe , armore hand suddenly explode upward from the ground . it latch onto wolfe 's neck . drag he down head - first ! wolfe thrashes , he head still bury beneath the sand . he knock over the lantern , which flicker , short out . Asher rush to wolfe 's side . then grimwood . they grab wolfe by the shoulder , scream , try to pull he back . Asher be kicked by wolfe 's thrashing leg . he fly upward , hit the ceiling , fall back onto the ground , stunne -- danica join grimwood . abruptly , they wrest wolfe free -- headless . blood erupt from the sand . then -- a hellish creature unearth itself , roaring . it 's difficult to make out in the flicker light . but what we do see be terrifying . spike , demonic armor , clutching a sword . a elongate , helmete face with a blood -splatter set of hinge fang -- hint at a inhuman physiognomy within . the hinge jaw open , come at we . and just as the lantern go out for good we -- super title : blade III CUT to : int . phoenix tower - corridor - night danica move down a modern architectural corridor line in glass and steel . vampire soldier stand ready nearby , outfit in body armor , clutching automatic rifle . at the end of the corridor Asher , grirnwood , and another vampire , hendrix be gather by a titanium door outfit with a biometric security system . danica join they , study a video monitor which offer a darken view of the interior of the vault . we can just make out a figure sit there in the shadow . danica what 's he be do ? asher nothing . just sit there since we bring he here . hendrix ( nervously ) do you think we have get enough security ? danica hendrix , if he want to out of there - there be not a army in the world that could keep we safe . we do not capture he . he allow we to take he in . you understand ? ( nodd to the door ) now open up . the other look at she like she 's insane . nevertheless , danica place she hand on the biometric scanner . hendrix key in a series of command on a nearby computer console . the vault door open with a hum , allow danica into -- a airlock - style vestibule she step inside . the vault close behind she . we hear blowers as the air be cycle . a second set of door open -- int . vampire safe house - cell - night danica step into a nearly pitch - black " clean room " . we hear breathing . despite she calm demeanor , she 's frighten . from the darkness , someone speak -- a voice low and rumbling , lace with a ominous gravity . voice ( o.s. ) why have you wake I ? danica you people need you , sire . she kneel , bow she head . voice ( 0.s. ) ( mock ) " my people " . you think I be you messiah ? you savior ? we hear movement . a pair of red eye pierce the gloom -- and God help we , even though he remain partially shadow , this guy have to be the scariest mother - fucker we have ever see . voice what make you think I want to be bring back ? a hand emerge from the darkness , armored . danica want to bolt . instead , she fight to keep herself from flinching as a talone finger brushes she throat . danica Times have change . Science have make great stride . you blood , the sacrament you provide -- it can set we free now . voice I see . and the one I kill earlier ? he be vampire ? ( off she nod ) you must forgive I . it have be century since I last feed . danica I understand . voice then offer yourself to I , child -- ( lift she chin ) -- and let I quench my thirst again . int . vampire safe house - corridor - night whoosh ! the vault door open and danica stumble out , all but fall into Asher 's arm . she 's bone - white and there be fresh bite mark on she throat , blood stain she shirt . asker danica ! be you alright --?! she nod , shaking , struggle to recompose herself . danica let he out -- he want to see what 's become of he world . CUT to : a video monitor larry king launching into the intro of he show . larry tonight , Dr. Edgar vance , forensic psychiatrist and author of the New York Times best seller " human Health : the Whole be breakthrough " . also with we be Martin vreede , Chief of Police . they be here for a hour and they will take you call . next on Larry King live . int . larry king live - studio - night taping be underway . Larry King sit at he desk opposite edgar vance ( 40s ) , a smooth - talk pundit with a magnetic demeanor and movie star good look . chief martin vreede ( 5as , square - jaw ) , join via remote feed . larry Dr. vance -- you be a psychiatrist and a biochemist , be not that right ? vance yes . I have long believe that in order to achieve true health , we have to reconcile the body and the mind . of course that also require let go of a lot of we old notion and superstition , which be what my work be all about . larry let 's talk about that . how do you account for the fascination with thing that go bump in the night ? movie , book , videogame -- seem like we can not get enough of we boogeyman ? vance lean forward , skillfully play to the camera . vance monster provide a mean for we to transfer we more primal and darker urge into something external . in the case of vampire , you be deal with taboo issue like predatory rage and sexual sadism . this be scary subject for people to own up to . larry so we pass the buck to someone else ? vance exactly . historically , people suffer from medical condition have always be we psychological scapegoat . in the Middle Ages schizophrenia be often attribute to demonic possession . larry and vampire ? vance well , there 's a hereditary blood disease know as porphyria that have symptom remarkably similar to the classic vampiric trait . people suffer from this disease be anemic , they become sensitive to sunlight , they can not tolerate garlic -- larry which be too bad , since my doctor tell I that 's good for the heart . ( turn to Chief vreede ) Chief vreede ? what 's you take on all the recent rumor we have be hearing about vampire ? vreede the only vampire I be worried about be the one pass the bar exam . ( laugh ) seriously , if vampire exist , do not you think we would be on to they by now ? the truth be , we street have never be safer . homicide , assault -- violent crime be down across the board . if people want to be concerned , they should focus on criminal like blade . larry now who 's this ? tell I about he . vreede he 's a sociopath we have be pursue . vance blade be a very disturb individual . even the name he 's choose for himself be troubling . accord to witness , he operate under the belief that a vast conspiracy of vampire live amongst we . you have to look at the psychiatric underpinnings here . what do a person like blade really want ? odd be , he 's really try to work out some kind of inner trauma . he think he 's slay monster , but he 's really try to murder aspect of himself . the sound of gunfire pre-lap over from the next scene as we -- CUT to : ext . machine shop / parking lot - night -- a massive explosion rip through a industrial building . bank of window blow outward , FIRE roll , brick wall crumble , raining debris everywhere . a scream , burning man go tumble into the night air . buoyed by the explosion , he body fly upward , trail fire like a human comet . more men ( vampire ) race out , some of they on fire . closer as a formidable figure resolve out of the swirl flame . it 's blade , stride towards we in slow-motion , body bristle with weapon , the exaggerated sound of he footfalls ringing out like drum of doom . he look like the God of War . whoosh ! we ramp back up to real - time . then faster as -- -- a trio of vampire low -life ( stone , gedge , and campbell ) run for they life towards they vehicle . two modified STREET racing car be pull out ; a mustang and a Eagle talon . gedge be climb into the talon even as it start to move , pull the door shut . at the same time -- -- Stone and Campbell climb atop two stretch and lower hardtail chopper cycle . blade start forward , draw two of he custom mach pistol , but -- -- the mustang come scream in reverse toward he ! blade make a super -human leap over the speed car . momentarily upside down , he fire through the windshield and engine block as he flip . within the car , the vampire ash . the mustang explode . flipping over and -- -- blade , now face frontward again , continue to FIRE as he land , aim at -- the talon and the chopper , which haul ass out of the parking lot , swerving into the traffic on the street beyond . blade keep firing until he 's out of bullet . then -- ellingson ( o.s. ) no more bullet , blade ? guess it 's time for you to fall down and go boom . four stranded vampire , from the conflagration , they clothes still smoking , surround blade . call they emond , doh , denlinger , and ellingson . blade holster he mach pistol . then reach for a wick look chain - knife strapped to he thigh . the knife have a button on either side of the hilt . as ellingson rush he -- -- blade triggers the first button . zzzing ! the knife - blade eject from the hilt , trail outward six foot on a razore chain . the blade penetrate ellingson 's chest . he gasp as he start to ash . but before he disintegration be complete -- -- blade hit the second button . the knife - blade retract , the razore chain whirring back into the knife-hilt . blade spin , triggers the first button again -- the knife - blade fly out , the razore chain whipping around denlinger 's throat . blade tug . the razor chain cut through denlinoer 's neck , decapitate he . as he ash -- -- blade triggers the knife again . as it eject , he whirl it over he head , make a sound like a bull -roarer . blade drop low , swinging the razore chain . the chain slice through emond 's leg . emond 's amputate leg ash , the rest of he tumble onto the asphalt . he scream . blade retract the knife-blade , whirl , thrust it through doh 's abdomen . who be come up from behind . as doh ash , blade return to emond , finish he off -- -- and blade be on the move again , rushing after the vampire who escape . ext . STREET - overpass - night the bike -ride vamp cut across traffic , then scream down a on-ramp to a busy street below . back to blade , sprinting from the parking lot to the sidewalk . he touch a hand to he ear . we see a tiny receiver tuck within . blade whistler ! I be on the stonebridge overpass at clemon -- whistler' voice get it ! head eastbound , I be just beneath you -- blade dodge past a honking car , step onto and over the trunk , then leap atop the safety rail of the overpass as -- a big - rig cab haul a semi-trailer thunder beneath the overpass , sounding its AIR horn . it have safety cable run along the perimeter of the trailer roof , like a aircraft carrier . whistler' voice -- go !!! ext . busy STREET - night blade launch himself into the air . he land atop the semi , then tumble , nearly slip off the edge as he -- -- snag one of the safety cable atop the trailer ! he dangle above the asphalt then swing himself into the open back of the trailer . we hold for a beat , then hear the thunderclap of a high - performance engine turn over as -- blade' matte -black dodge charger rocket out of the back of the trailer , sailing right over a car that be tail - gat the semi , head into three lane of on - come traffic at fifty mile a hour ! blade hit the brake , send the battle - scar muscle car into a spin , clipping other vehicle in the process . int . blade' charger - night as car continue to brake and collide around he , blade put the pedal to the metal once again . the charger accelerate , tachometer red-lining as blade pull alongside the cab of the big-rig , catch a glimpse of -- whistler behind the wheel whistler grin , give blade a little salute and -- -- blade reach between the seat , activate the newly install nitrous oxide fuel - injection system . ext . busy STREET - night hyper-speed . the charger jet forward as the nos nitrous system boost the car 's speed by another 300 hp , leave any and everything in its dust . in second , it have catch up to -- stone and campbell they draw tec - 9s , firing back at blade . the bullet - proof windshield hold as do the kevlar body panel protect the engine -- but the round chew the shit out of the bodywork . int . blade' charger - night blade give he car another jolt of nitrous . the charger surge forward as Stone and Campbell fall back , veer to either side . now blade be ahead of they . he check they position in he rear-view mirror , then stand on the brake -- ext . busy STREET - night the charger drop from a hundred to fifty in a heart beat , cause Stone and Campbell to rear-end blade . the vamp be eject over the handle bar of they bike like crash - test dummy . Stone smashes through blade 's back windshield , continue into the front seat -- -- while Campbell tumble over blade 's roof and across he hood , somehow manage to cling to one of the windshield wiper at the last minute . int . blade' charger - night blade clutches the wheel . he 's get a howling vampire in the front seat , upside down , cover in windshield fragment and another perch on he hood , obscure he vision . Stone try to right himself , claw at blade . blade struggle , keep one hand on the wheel while he -- -- reach for a shotgun secure between the seat . he fire . as the vampire ash , blade hit a button on the dash . the passenger door open , spill Stone onto the road -- ext . busy STREET - night -- right into the path of a oncoming bus ! wham ! Stone be ground to paste and -- int . tour bus - night tourist , mostly elderly . the passenger be jolted in they seat as the wheel of the bus ka - thump over Stone 's remain -- old woman I hope that be not a dog . int . blade' charger - night -- and we be back in blade 's charger as Campbell continue to hammer away at the windshield . the windshield spiderweb . Campbell manage to get a claw hand through -- blade swing he shotgun over , shove it in Campbell 's snarling mouth . he pull the trigger -- boom ! Campbell 's cinder-remains blow over the crack windshield . blade hit the wiper , spritzes window cleaner - but the mess turn to ashen sludge . make the view worse ! ext . busy STREET - night the talor be up ahead , weaving in and out of traffic . Fighting to see , blade accelerate , gain ground -- the vampire driver lean out of he own wihdow , look back at blade , firing a automatic pistol -- int . blade' charger - night blade 's windshield , already weaken by Campbell , shatter , blow glass fragment all over he . undaunted , blade calmly reach for he dash , hit a button label " UV " . ext . busy STREET / blade' charger - night roof-mounted UV daylight come on , bathing the car ahead and ( more importantly ) the vampire driver with UV light ! the vampire at the wheel shriek , ash , leave the car driverless . gedge try to lean over and take the wheel -- int . blade' charger - night burning remains blow back at we . then the view clear and -- ext . busy STREET - night -- blade slam he charge into the talon . the car briefly lock , grind SPARKS . then they disengage . blade jerk he steering wheel , give the talon another slam . the talon hit the curb , riding halfway up onto a sidewalk , plowing down newspaper vend machine and table - top display pile with cheap ware , then a phone booth , a food cart . pedestrian duck for cover and -- -- the talon get some serious air , rolling onto its side as it come back to earth . ext . intersection - night --wk -krunch -- the wreck skid to a stop against a streetlight . the streetlight creak , crash down on the wreck . bystander gather , murmure amongst themselves -- gedge drag he bleed body from the wreck talon . he stagger to he foot , clutching a pistol , limp away -- blade' charger pull up . blade climb out , shotgun in hand . the shotgun have a under- mount stake launcher . blade fire at -- -- gedge . the stake hit he in the back . knocking he onto the street . bystander scream , fall back , take cover -- blade approach , puzzle . gedge be still alive , laughing . he look at blade , eye craze , flash he fang . blade stake you with silver . why be not you ash ? gedge cough blood , struggle to speak : gedge why be not you smarter ? not a vampire , dumbshit -- set you sorry ass up -- gedge tug at he fang . they be fake , prosthetic . gedge be look past blade . blade turn , look up -- a rooftop above danica be perch there . she back into the shadow . but blade do not have time to investigate because -- -- police siren be draw near . blade retreat to he charge . he gun it , speed away as we -- CUT to : ext . blade and whistler' refuge - boat house - night blade 's charger pull up to a boat house at the water 's edge . blade climb out , disappear inside . whistler ( o.s. ) what the fuck happen tonight ? int . blade and whistler' refuge - boat house - night New dig . built into the decaye boat house , retrofitted for blade 's combat need . blade be take off he body armor , toss weapon onto a work table . he 's frustrated . blade how should I know ? he be human . whistler reach for a bottle of whiskey , take a sip . whistler you have be get careless , blade . you kill a vampire , they ash , do not leave any proof of they existence . but something like this , a human corpse , it 's messy -- ( shaking he head ) -- you better hope nobody ide you . CUT to : int . phoenix tower - danica' quarter - night close on a digital video tape be slip into a player . pull back to reveal danica sit before a monitor . on the monitor we see footage of blade confront gedge , film from a high -angle . danica smile and we -- CUT to : ext . FBI regional headquarters - day establish . super title : FBI regional headquarters woman' voice it be horrible . the one car crash , and then the guy in the coat be shoot the other guy -- int . FBI regional headquarters - office - day close on a tv screen . we be watch a news feed . a reporter interview a woman at the intersection where blade execute gedge . now the reporter turn to the camera . reporter ( on-screen ) that be just a taste of the mayhem that occur during tonight 's brazen shoot - out that leave at least four people dead . now apparently a anonymous citizen capture the whole event on video -- the image freeze . we hear the clatter of keyboard keys as we pan over to a adjacent computer monitor where a series of video capture of the event flash by we in slide - show mode . agent ray cumblerland study the screen . Ray be a career agent . dedicate and dogge to the point of annoyance , utterly humorless . his office be cramped and institutional , devoid of any personal touch . it 's also overflow with file , photograph , and chart concern blade and whistler . a bulletin board feature numerous surveillance photo of blade and whistler in action , along with various news clipping and two wanted poster ( " unlawful flight to avoid prosecution - murder , aggravate kidnapping , armed violence " ) . most of the photo be blurry and indistinct -- akin to snap take of bigfoot . hale ( o.s. ) Ray ! Heard we have get a lead ! wilson hale ( 20 ) , Ray 's subordinate , rush in , excited . Ray stand , rip down a photo of blade and whistler . cumberland Book we a flight , hale . time to take this cowboy down . CUT to : whistler ( 0.s. ) pack of reds and some match . CUT to : int . convenience store - day whistler be buy a pack of cigarettes when he notice -- a black and white tabloid on display nearby . the cover story feature a blurry photo of blade 's recent melee with the vampire . whistler pick up the tabloid , study it . next to the photo be a artist sketch of blade . the headline read : " gun toting psychopath capture on film ! " whistler nod to the cashier , hand over some more cash . whistler I will take this too . ext . convenience store - day whistler exit the store , peruse the tabloid as he walk . we hear the whir of a camera 's high - speed motor drive and -- a series of digital shot capture whistler as he move down the sidewalk . angle on a FBI agent perch on a nearby roof , take surveillance photo . FBI agent subject be head West . whip - pan to a park car , cumberland and hale seat within . cumberland get he . cumberland start the car , start follow whistler . whistler ( 0.s. ) congratulation . you be famous . just what we need . int . blade' refuge - boat house - day close on the tabloid as whistler slap it down on a workbench . widen to include whistler and blade . whistler somebody screw we . you face be all over the papers , the television . media 's eat it up . blade like I care ? whistler you should . something like this -- ( gesture to the tabloid ) -- take out a human , even one work for the vampire -- far as the rest of the world 's concerned , you be public enemy number one . blade do not realize this be a popularity contest . whistler shake he head , frustrated . whistler damnit , blade , do not you see what 's happen ?! the fucker be finally get smart . they be wage a goddamn pr campaign . now it 's not just vampire we have to worry about , we be gonna have to take on the rest of the world too . ( beat , adamant ) they have get we on the run . this last few month we have barely be stay ahead of the curve . blade you worry too much , old man . whistler I have be do this since before you be bear , blade . the moment you stop worry , you be dead . then whistler 's face soften for a moment . whistler since the day I find you , you have be like a son to I . I teach you everything I know . ( beat ) but I be tired . you understand ? ext . inner CITY STREET - night it 's rush hour and the street be choke with traffic . people mill past on the crowded sidewalk . we move from face to face , capture brief portrait of work - class desperation -- a overweight guy , a pair of homeless teenager , a asian vendor , a streetwalker . voice ( o.s ) how about that one ? second voice ( o.s. ) no fatty . they taste like cheeto . third voice ( o.s. ) what about that shrunken apple-head beeyatch - a- saurus over there ? voice ( o.s. ) Fucking blow I , man ! we hear laughter and we whip - pan over to a grimy office building , zipping up the face of it to -- a rooftop parking structure a skate - punk ( squid ) get some air , flipping he board up into a nice Ollie backside grab , then scoot over to -- -- three more punk perch on a concrete ledge , watch the people below they . they be : proof , flick and dingo . all in they teens , sport copious piercing and tattoo . flick wear a ratty T-shirt from " the lose boy " movie . dingo c'mon , just pick one . proof once you buy a prize , it 's yours and yours to keep . they keep look . then , flick suddenly point , excited -- flick get it , get it ! baby on board ! angle on a mousy woman ( abigail ) move below , she figure camouflage beneath layer of clothing . she 's in she 20 , lug a newborn in a babybjorn carrier that 's strapped to she chest , clutching a bag of grocery in either hand . she look a little haggard . as we watch , she reach a elevate rail station entrance . back to the skate - punk dingo nod and smile approvingly . dingo look like we get ourselves a combo meal . ext . elevate rail station - various - night a series of shot as abigail make she way into the station , pass a few other people here and there . int . elevate rail platform - night a depress , dimly light , partially open - air station . abigail move out onto the platform , which be now desert . she glance around , a bit nervous , and finally sit on a bench . beat . just the wind moaning in the tunnel , across the platform . then we hear a rustling SOUND -- abigail look right , see nothing . we hear another SOUND , this time from the leave -- abigail look up , briefly glimpsing a figure ducking behind a concrete pillar . unnerve , she stand , move a protective hand over she baby . she back up a few step , try to look around the pillar -- -- but no one be there . then a shadow move behind she . she sense it , spin -- -- but again , she seem to be alone . thoroughly frighten now , abigail scoops up she grocery bag , turn to exit and -- -- slam right into dingo and proof ! she gasp . dingo hey , pretty lady . proof sophisticate mama . dingo and proof reveal they fang . abigail scream , run -- -- right into the arm of flick and squid ! they grab she , ripping the babybjorn carrier from she chest , shove she back at dingo and proof . in second , dingo and proof have abigail on the floor . they be tear away at she clothing , laughing . dingo scream if this hurt , chica ! on flick , remove the baby from its carrier . he hold the baby up - only it 's not a baby . it 's a doll with the word " fuck you ! " write on its chest . flick be briefly confuse -- -- and then the baby doll explode , cover flick 's face with a cloud of garlic gas ! flick recoil , retching , wiping at he burn face -- flick -- aghhk -- it 's fuck garlic ! on dingo and proof , look back , alarmed . then abigail pull she knee to she chest . a silver spike spring out from the toe of she boot . she kick up , imbed the spike up through the underside of proof 's chin . proof ash . before dingo have a chance to act , abigail get he in a leglock , flipping he back onto he ass . abigail jump to she foot , shed she coat and hat . Long tresses of hair spill around she shoulder . she 's not mousy at all . in fact , she 's beautiful . and cut like a Olympic athlete . and equip with a walk arsenal of weapon . dingo snarl -- crunch ! abigail plant she heel in he face , smashing in he nose . she do a cartwheel , kick he again . follow that with flurry of punch . he go down as -- -- flick and squid come charge ! squid get she in a choke hold . she flip he over she shoulder , kicking he in the nut as he land . he curl up , groaning -- abigail turn back to flick , elbowing he in the throat -- -- then return to squid , eject a silver throwing knife from a spring - load , automated dispenser strapped to she wrist . she pop the knife through squid 's chest . he ash -- following abigail as she reach behind she , remove a crescent -shaped device secure to she back . she hold the crescent in the center , the curve point away from she , give it a twist and -- chinkt ! the device extend from either end , telescoping outward into a three - foot long metal arc . connect the two end of the arc be a powerful , buz UV laser . abigail lash out , lopping off flick 's arm . his arm fall , ashing . abigail swing the arc around , push it forward through flick 's mid-section like a cheese cutter -- flick literally fall apart , he upper torso slide from he trunk , ashing in the foreground , he burn particle fall away to reveal abigail in the background -- dingo scramble to he foot , run for he life . abigail give she UV arc a twist . it retract . she secure it behind she back once again , unholster a strange- look " bloop " gun with a large barrel . she fire -- a rapidly - expand spherule of anti - personnel foam splatter against dingo 's leg , harden instantly , trip he up -- dingo go down again . he panic , try to scrape the gunk off he leg , manage to get one of he hand stick to the harden mess in the process -- like a mouse in a glue-trap . abigail calmly approach . she stand over dingo , stare down at he with a look of cruel indifference . she holster she bloop gun , withdraw another silver stake -- abigail scream if this hurt , chica . -- and slam the stake into he chest . widen out abigail turn , surveying she work . the ashen remain of the vampire be pop and crackle like campfire ember . in thirty - seven second she 's manage to eliminate they all . a train approach , pull into the station . passengers disembark , flood the platform . they tramp all over the ash of the vampire , completely unaware of the recent slaughter . abigail walk against the stream of traffic , board the train . she be the sole passenger as the train pull away . int . blade' refuge - whistler be room - night whistler sit on a cot , contemplate the tarnish wedding ring on he hand . he slowly spin it around he finger . int . blade' refuge - blade' room - night blade sit before a small Buddhist shrine , meditate . incense burn . his sword rest in a ceremonial holder . near silence punctuate by the intermittent ocean swell outside . close on blade' face we hear the sound of violence -- echoing scream , gunshot . this be blade 's thought . the inner demon he be constantly try to tame . the sound crescendo and -- -- blade open he eye . he listen . something be wrong . int . blade' refuge - boat house - night blade creep into the outer room , sword draw . noise behind he , turn to see -- whistler stand in the shadow , clutching a handgun . whistler what be it ? blade what you have be worry about . they listen . just the sound of the ocean swell . then -- a window shatter two armore swat agent lower in on rappelling line . two more agent crash through a bank of window on either side , swinging in . they FIRE cannister of tear gas . as blade move to engage they , whistler rush into the heart of the armory -- a reinforce door explode inward . more agent storm inside . from the water , a military Zodiac ( inflatable boat ) roar up one of the wooden boat ramp , laden with gun-tote agent . they jump out , fan all over the boat house . he hear a agent on the floor ! on the floor ! whistler fire at they , then make a run for it . the agent return FIRE , but whistler duck behind a concrete pillar -- ext . blade' refuge - boat house - night cop cruiser , unmark car , and swat truck sweep in , siren blaring , disgorge a small army of police and FBI agent . police boat be pull up to the dock . agent cumberland and hale emerge from a unmark , wear bullet - proof vest , brandish firearm . cumberland bark order into a radio . cumberland lock it down ! keep they contain ! on the rooftop above , various swat sniper take position . int . blade' refuge - boat house - night blade brawl with a half - dozen agent , send they fly in all direction . he grab one agent , head - butt he , throws he into the path of two other -- then he reach for another , throwing he through a window at the rear , out into the river which run below -- on whistler as he move with increase urgency . the armory be fill up with tear gas . cough and half -blind , he hurry to a bank of computer , type in a series of command -- the various computer monitor around he synch up , show the same protocol message : data protection routine enable -- server 1 protection enable ... -- server 2 protection enable ... in response , a rack of network storage equipment and removable hard drive explode . then a second rack of equipment explode as well . ext . blade' refuge - boat house - night from they vantage point below , cumberland and the other can hear the explosion . cumberland be on he radio , shout : cumberlan D what 's go on in there ? agent voice ( over radio ) some kind of self - destruct program ! they be fragging they hard drive ! int . blade' refuge - boat house - night whistler keep move . a agent get a clear shot at he , fire -- whistler be hit in the chest . blade sees whistler take the hit , but he 's cut off from the old man , be swarm by agent -- blade whistler ! whistler stagger , keep move . he make it to another bank of computer , launch the same protocol . on more monitor erasing information , purging themselves . we see command : -- workstation 1 protection enable -- workstation 2 protection enable with each successive command , the workstation themselves begin self - destruct , exploding one after another . another agent get a bead on whistler , firing a round into whistler 's thigh . whistler scream -- on blade , in anguish as he see he mentor be slaughter . then two agent be rushing he , tackle blade . as one they fall backwards , into another bank of window -- ext . blade' refuge - boat house - night crash ! the three of they come flying down in a spray of glass , landing atop one of the police cruiser below . the roof buckle under they weight , window shatter -- cumberland take he down ! a FBI agent raise a coda net gun atop he shoulder , take aim . BA - bang ! four projectile expand out from the barrel , carry a steel net which have be strung between they . the netting hit blade , wrapping around he , restricting he movement . immediately , a small army of agent dive on top of he , pummeling away , try to beat he into submission -- int . blade' refuge - boat house - night on the verge of lose consciousness , whistler prop himself against a piece of machinery . he 's bleed , be shot to hell . one of he hand be close , clutching something . Agents warily close in around he , gun raise . agent move a finger and you be dead . whistler ( flipping they off ) how ' bout this one ? whistler let he other hand uncurl . he 's get a remote in he palm , with a tiny digital timer count - down . agent # 2 he 's get something in he -- 00:03 . 00:02 . 00:01 . the timer reach zero . a series of explosion rock the workshop , knock the agent back . ext . blade' refuge - boat house - night cloud of FIRE and flaming debris mushroom outward , catch all unawares , sweeping they up off they foot with a hurricane force . in the midst of the conflagration -- -- blade briefly manage to tear free of he captor -- blade whistler !!! -- but the wall of FIRE and light be rush onward , sweeping up everything in its path , turn the world to white . int . police station - interrogation room - night fade in . we be close on blade 's perspiration - bead face . his eyelid flutter as he slowly regains consciousness . cumberland ( o.s. ) rise and shine , sleepyhead . pull back . we be in a room with a one - way mirrore window . blade sit , hand cuffed behind he , bright light shine down on he . he look disorient , batter . very weak . cumberland and hale be sit across from blade . blade who --? cumberland special Agents Ray cumberland and Wilson hale , FBI . we have be tracking you for a long time . blade whistler -- hale Dead . just like all of you victim . blade shut he eye -- as if he could just wish they away . cumberland how many people have you kill ? thirty ? forty ? a hundred ? blade that be familiar -- people who work for they -- cumberland and by " they " you mean vampire , right ? I suppose next you will be tell we that bigfoot 's in on the conspiracy too ? so what kill this bloodsunker , tough guy ? maybe you can give we some pointer . ( count on he ringer ) you can stake them , right ? then there 's sunlight -- what about cross , Wilson ? do that still work ? hale I do not know , Ray . what if a vampire 's jewish ? cumberland that 's a good point . and do garlic work on a hindu vampire ? or do you need saffron or something ? hale laugh . cumberland shake he head , he smile fade . cumberland you can keep do you song and dance as long as you want , blade , but it 's not go to play . you be a stone - cold killer . and you be sick as fuck . vance ( o.s. ) let 's leave the diagnosis to the professional . angle on dr . edgar vance , stand in the doorway . he 's the man we see on Larry King . he take a seat by blade , set a leather case on a table . vance hello , blade . my name be Doctor vance . I be with the Department of mental Health . I have be charge with conduct a psychiatric evaluation of you . ( to cumberland and hale ) gentleman , would you mind give we a few moment alone ? cumberland nod . they rise , exite the room . vance smile , try to project a sympathetic air . vance I imagine this must be very frightening for you . but I want you to know that I be here to help . in order to do that , however , I need to ask you some question . ( beat ) now . can you tell I what day it be ? blade just stare dagger at vance . vance what about the President ? do you know who 's in the White House at the moment ? blade a ass-hole . vance ( sighing ) alright then , let 's talk about vampire -- what can you tell I about that ? int . police station - observation room - night on the other side of the mirror , cumberland and hale have join Chief vreede . we hear blade and vance via speaker : blade there 's nothing to tell . they exist . vance and be you one of they ? int . police station - interrogation room - night vance sit forward , draw closer . vance what about blood ? when you drink it , do you find yourself sexually arouse ? blade just glare at vance . vance you see , it strike I that this business of vampirism have strong connotation of sexual confusion . bodily fluid be exchange , that sort of thing . you have to ask where that come from . I be wonder , for instance , what you relationship be like with you mother . be the two of you close ? blade glare . if he escape , he 's go to kill this guy . int . police station - observation room - night Dr. vance step into the observation room , join Chief vreede , cumberland , and hale . vreede what 's you assessment , Doctor ? vance he 's psychotic , with paranoid feature , possess dangerous level of sociopathy . he 's exhibit disorganize behavior . he obviously do not have a properly form conscience -- ( spread he hand ) for he safety and the public 's , I be recommend that he be transfer to County psychiatric for further treatment . cumberland that 's unacceptable . this man 's want in connection with a laundry list of federal crime . I need he on a plane to the detention Center in Washington tonight . vance agent cumberland , that man be in no condition to undergo prosecution . cumberland and hale look to vreede with disbelief . hale Chief , we have get a federal arrest warrant here that clearly supersede -- vreede I do not care about you warrant . we be in my jurisdiction now . you have get a issue with that , you take it up with the local magistrate . Dr. vance shrug as if to say he 's sorry . vance I be sorry , gentleman , but the call have already be make . a team from the hospital should be here momentarily to oversee the transfer . int . police station - entry way - night Asher , danica , and grimwood enter , follow by four vampire dress as orderly . the orderly carry a straightjacket , various restraint , and a collapsible transport gurney . danica approach the desk sergeant , flash a hospital id . danica hi . we be here to transfer a patient to County General ? int . police station - interrogation room - night vance enter once more . he open the leather case on the table , remove a syringe and a ampule of fluid . vance ( speak softly now ) just a little something to keep you compliant . the normal dose be two , maybe three hundred milligram . but for a strapping young hybrid like yourself -- vance poke the needle of the syringe into the ampule . vance -- I think we will kick it up to a couple thousand . vance reach for blade 's arm . blade struggle , try to pull back , but vance manage to inject he nonetheless . vance there . that be not so bad , be it ? ( smile ) you be weak , be not you ? in need of you serum . who would have guess a mere human like myself could overpower you ? blade ( realize ) you be with they -- a familiar -- vance go on five year now . vance extend he arm , pull back he shirt cuff a little to reveal a vampire glyph tattooe on the underside of he wrist . then he pull he cuff back down , smile at blade . vance it 's the end -game , blade . all they plan be finally come to fruition . so just sit back and enjoy the show . blade look to the one - way mirror , scream . blade he 's one of they ! damnit , he 's work for they ! vance look to the one - way mirror as well and shrug as if to say -- " the man 's derange . what can I do ? " int . police station - observation room - night on the other side of the glass , blade look like a raging lunatic . vance enter . he extend he hand to vreede . they shake . as they do so , we see a vampire glyph on the inside of vreede 's wrist as well . another familiar . int . police station - interrogation room - night blade stare at he own reflection in the mirror . he blink , try to focus -- but the drug be start to kick in . int . police station - hallway - night a elevator door open . Asher , danica , and grimwood exit , follow by the orderly who be now wheeling the gurney . as they move down the corridor , they pass -- -- cumberland and hale , who be chase down Chief vreede . cumberland just hold it right there -- danica shove cumberland aside , hard , keep move past he . cumberland look to hale . something be not right about this . int . police station - interrogation room - night blade struggle , in the full throes of the drug now . blade' Pov his vision be blur , various object in the room leave trail as he shift he head from side to side and -- asher , danica , and grimwood enter , follow by two of the orderly . despite he incapacitation , blade attempt to rise . danica plant she heel in he chest , shove he back down . danica easy , lover . you be not go anywhere . she draw closer , enjoy herself . danica we move the human around like , pawn , blade . use they to flush you out . blade try to lunge from he chair at she and -- whack ! grimwood punch blade across the jaw . a brutal blow . grimwood do not worry , Captain Sunshine . soon as we get you out of here , you will get a chance to play . danica motion to the two vampire orderly . they step forward with the straight - jacket , start to put it on blade . blade thrashes madly . Asher laugh , enjoy this . danica do not make this any harder than it have to be . you be all alone , blade . no one can help you now . BA - boom ! the one - way mirror shatter , explode outward in a shower of slow - motion glass fragment , carry with it -- -- a body , one of the vampire mental health flunky -- ashing in mid-air as he sail into the room ! second later -- a man vault through the blow - out window , simultaneously draw two high - tech electronic pistol . meet hannibal king ( 30 ) , a audacious vampire hunter with a irrepressible grin . slapped to he chest be a " hello , my name be " sticker with the word " fuck you " write where the name should be . king why would the Polish vampire starve to death ? danica spin , enraged , recognize King instantly -- king he keep bite he own lip . danica King ! the light go out . immediately , backup light come on , follow by FIRE alarm . in the ensue confusion ~ both pistol at Asher , who drop , allow one of the vampire orderly behind he to take the hit . the vampire orderly ash but unlike blade 's victim , he disintegrate from the inside out . ( the reason be King 's signature bullet -- SUN dog , explosive round that give off concentrate UV light . ) King whip around , firing at -- -- danica , who leap behind the table . she quickly upend it , use it as a shield , flinging it at King . on blade he shift he weight , throw himself and the chair he 's sit on to the floor . then he kick out and up -- -- connect with grimwood 's mid-section , send he flying backward -- straight through the wall into the next room ! King holster one of he pistol and haul blade up . at the same time , he fire on Asher again , miss he -- king let 's fly , kemosabe ! King drag blade to the door -- int . police station - hallway - night -- into the neighbor corridor . cumberland and hale see they . they reach for they weapon -- cumberland he 's get away ! King fire into the room behind he , then pull a grenade secure to a bandolier and toss it through the doorway -- a explosion rock the interrogation room , fill the corridor with smoke , knock cumberland and hale back . King turn he attention to blade 's handcuffs , firing between they , freeing blade 's hand . blade collapse against the wall . he 's shaking , close to pass out . king do not die on I , you undead motherfucker ! King drag blade up . they continue down the corridor to -- abigail , the female vampire hunter we meet earlier . she 's engage in hand - to-hand combat with a half - dozen uniformed officer . Three of they be already down . in second , she finish off the other three . king whistler ! we need that serum now ! whistler ? abigail spin , dispatch the last officer with a kick to the mid-section while toss a pneumatic injector at King . he snatch it , place it in blade 's hand . blade inject himself in the neck . moment later , he 's reenergize . he look to King , clear-ey . king hey blacula , you ready to shake and bake ? blade respond by punching King across the jaw . blade call I that again and I will give you fuck brain damage . King massage he jaw , toss blade a pistol even as -- -- grimwood round the corner , hungry for blood , two more vampire orderlies behind he . blade fire round after round of explosive bullet , cause grimwood and the other to fall back . blade and King move , join abigail . more smoke , darkness , only the emergency light to illuminate the station . up ahead , a group of policemen spill from a stairwell , armed with bullet proof vest . they OPEN FIRE -- blade , King , and abigail retreat into a alcove . they be pin down between the vampire and a group of policeman . king we be pin down ! ( to blade ) can not you do something ?! blade I can not shoot around corner ! abigail I can . as King and blade lay down cover FIRE , abigail reach behind she , withdraw a device that 's be secure there . she give it a SNAP and it spring open , take the shape of a -- futuristic compound bow crafted from aluminum , its limb imbed in key position with vibration - dampen module , this bow be capable of fire a arrow upwards of 300 foot - per-second . abigail withdraw a silver arrow with a time - delay explosive tip from she quiver , nock it in she bow and take aim at -- a FIRE extinguisher mount at the end of the corridor . she let she arrow fly -- moving with the arrow as it bank off the side of the fire extinguisher , continue down the side corridor where it embed itself in -- -- the shoulder of one of the vampire ! the vampire scream , grab the shaft , rip it out . then we -- macro - zoom on the arrow head a tiny " egg -timer " dial on the arrowhead spin . it click in place , a red LED come on , and -- -- the arrowhead explode , catch all three vampire with the full force of a UV blast . grimwood duck away from the blast as the other two vampire ash -- blade , king , and abigail come racing out of the alcove . they reach a stairwell . blade rip a steel door clear off its hinge , toss it down the stairwell at a phalanx of cop reinforcement who be charge up the stair . the cop go down like ten-pin . blade and company have a open . but as they charge downward -- blade ( as King and abigail freeze ) my sword . they still have it . king ( apoplectic ) be you insane ?! we be practically home free ! we can not go hunt for you fuck butter - knife now ! but blade be already head back the way they come and -- king hey ! hey !!! come back here !!! this be suppose to be a rescue ! -- abigail grab King 's shoulder , pull he to the stair . abigail forget it , King . let 's move . police station - night King and abigail rush outside . the station be gated . flashing police car be surging through the mouth of the gate . they be trap . then -- crash ! a window on the third floor of the station explode outward . blade drop three storey , landing before King and abigail in a cat-like crouch . with he sword in he hand . he look at King , grin , flip he off . blade now we can go . king ( nudging abigail ) be he epic or what ? the police close in around they , pin the trio down with firepower . yet King and abigail seem unconcern because -- headlight be wash over they . a beef - up , 70 land cruiser be scream up the street . the cruiser jump onto the sidewalk , smashes right through the gated wall . screech to a stop between we trio and the police car . a driver ( dex ) lean out he window , give a little wave as the rear door pop open . gruff and compact , he look like a prize-fighter . dex my name be dex . and I will be save you ass this evening . blade , King , and abigail scramble into the back of the land cruiser . dex reverse , back out the way he come . the police from the squad car be firing , but the land cruiser be armored and the bullet harmlessly spark off . int . land cruiser - night in the backseat , abigail look through the rear windshield -- abigail' Pov grimwood be run after they , actually gain on the land cruiser . chew up the asphalt like a cheetah . ext . land cruiser - night abigail lean out the rear window , nock a non - UV arrow in she bow . she take aim at grimwood , let the arrow fly -- shunkt ! the arrow sink into grimwood 's eye . he go down , he somersault figure quickly recede into the background as the land cruiser speed away . int . land cruiser - night safe for the moment , King bask in the adrenaline rush of a battle well fight . meanwhile , dex be on a cell phone . dex we have he . we will be there soon . king ( to blade ) so my entrance back there -- what do you think ? too flashy ? right on the money ? King unhuckle he combat harness , revealing a bullet - proof vest bereath it that 's be riddled with imbed slug . blade who be you people ? king my name 's hannibal King . I be a hunter , like you . ( be : abigail ) and this little hellion be abigail whistler . abigail just stare back at blade , silently appraise he . king that 's right , blade . you be not hearing thing . she 's whistler 's daughter . you see , Abby , dex , myself -- we be all part of whistler 's " contingency plan " . King reach into a inner pocket , pull out a pack of gum . he select a stick , offer one to blade . king juicyfruit ? ext . CITY street - night the land cruiser rocket away , disappear into the night . ext . luna park - night the land cruiser move across a abandon lot towards the weed - choke ruin of a old amusement park . we pass by the skeletal remain of a roller - coaster , a tilt - a- whirl , the vandalize and wood-rotted remnant of a carousel . finally , the land cruiser turn towards a motorize load door in the side of a large warehouse and disappear inside . int . warehouse / garage - night as the door grind close , the land cruiser stop . King and abigail lead blade through the darkness . in the gloom we see a half - dozen vehicle in various stage of be retrofitted with armored panel and weaponry , etc . surveillance cameras mount above track they progress . blade I think the vampire murder whistler 's family . abigail they do . I be the product of a earlier fling of my dad 's , bear out of wedlock . after the murder happen , he keep I hide . he want I safe . away from all of this -- ( gesture around they ) -- but I guess hunt just run in we blood . as King and abigail lead blade towards a stairway , blade catch sight of -- a little girl ( 5 ) peer down at he from atop one of the rafter . as soon as he spot she , she duck into the shadow . they reach the stairway . automate gun mount on swivel arm lock on they with infra-re target beam . abigail when I come of age , I track my dad down , tell he I want in . ( beat , shrugging ) be do it ever since . int . nightstalkers headquarters - night we enter a sprawling industrial facility that be equal part mechanic shop , fire range , and laboratory . we glimpse a virtual arsenal of new weaponry and medical equipment , include DNA sequencer , microfuge , and electroporaters . the new equipment fight for space alongside the old - mountain of mothball part from the park 's break thrill ride . here and there we see the oversize fiberglass head of a grin fun-house creature or the mildew torso of a fortune - tell mannequin , freeze in its upend booth . king welcome to the honeycomb hideout . blade ( look around ) how do you bankroll this place ? king Internet porn . see , we be use cock sucker to pay for the blood-sucker . ( off blade 's look ) joke . come on , man . this be not some piddly little hoopty - ass operation , blade . we take we job very seriously . up ahead , two other pause in they work as King approach . dex fall in behind they . hedge ( 20 ) be a engineer , always lose in he own world . sommerfield ( 30 ) be a frail - look geneticist . she 's also blind , operate she computer via a voice- synthesis program and braille keyboard . king you meet dex . this be hedge , sommerfield -- King gesture to they in turn . they be all refugee in one way or another , share a common guardedness , they life have be shattered by the vampire . king ( nodd back ) the runt you see earlier be sommerfield 's daughter , Zoe . we call ourselves the nightstalker . blade you sound like reject from a Saturday morning cartoon . king we be gonna call ourselves the Super Friends , but that be take . abigail rid herself of she weapon -- bow , arrow , silver stake and knife . she hand she compound bow to hedge . abigail tiller need adjustment . hedge I will run it through the bow press . blade examine some of the equipment be develop . blade how many of you be there total ? king enough . we operate in sleeper cell . when one go down , a new cell activate to pick up the slack . consider we you reinforcement . blade sorry . never be much of a team player . sommerfield I do not think you understand , blade . whistler mean for we to help you . when he die , he activate a emergency protocol . all he knowledge -- she gesture to the computer equipment around she . sommerfield -- be transfer to we server here . blade and what make you think you know so much about kill vampire ? King reach for he collar , pull it down to reveal a telltale mass of scar tissue in the shape of a bite MARK . king well for starter , I use to be one . ( in a sinister tone ) do I pass the audition ? CUT to : ext . phoenix tower - night we soar through the night sky , diving down towards a cluster of gleam , high - tech spire . as we isolate a penthouse apartment atop one of they we hear a angry scream . danica ( o.s. ) Fucking hannibal King ! int . phoenix tower - penthouse - night a impressively decorate loft bespeak of money , power , and a certain perverse esthetic . danica slam she fist straight through the wall , then spin around , enraged . Asher and grimwood be there too , they wound be treat by hendrix and a vampire technician . at tie moment , they be try to remove the arrow protrude from grimwood 's eye . a enormous rottweiler sit nearby , attentively watch . a trio of guard flinch with every act of violence . danica be strong . clearly , no one want to get in she way . danica I should have rip he rip he bleed heart out when I have the chance ! ( point at Asher ) and do not you dare tell I " I tell you so " ! Asher raise he hand as if to say " no harm , no foul " . danica continue she tantrum , smashing a statue apart , shatter a heavy glass tabletop . finally , she give it a rest , collapse into a chair , shoulder sagging . asher you through remodeling ? danica blow I . asher face it , Dan . we get catch with we pants down . we underestimate the nightstalker . grimwood pant down ?! they practically fuck ass -raped we ! grimwood grunt in pain as the arrow be remove . Asher broaches a more serious subject . asher have he be tell yet ? voice ( o.s. ) about you failure ? a man ( 30 ) enter the room . the same be we glimpse in the vault . he have a haunt gaze and a commanding presence . we will learn who he be momentarily . but for now , it 's enough to know that everyone in the room pay he deference . man yes , I have be tell . he place a hand on danica 's shoulder . she tense . man perhaps it 's time I enter the fray . CUT to : int . nightstalkers headquarters - night close on King buttone he collar back up . blade , abigail , and sommerfield be gather around he . king you know the kind of woman that just scream trouble ? you see she and every warning bell in you brain start go off but you still ask for she number ? well that 's all I ever hook up with . but this betty blow them all away in the shitstorm sweepstake . King reach out to a keyboard , call up a piece of surveillance footage on a nearby monitor . the footage feature Asher and danica and grimwood . it 's be slowed to a near standstill and now advance frame by frame . king her name 's danica talo . you meet she earlier . the man on she leave be Asher , she brother . King type a command . the image zoom in , tracking grimwood . king the neanderthal behind they be jarko grimwood . King freeze the footage on danica 's grainy , pixelate face . king I pick danica up in a bar , have a one night stand with she -- then spend the next five year play step - and - fetch - it as she little vampire cabana boy . ( beat ) eventually abigail find I . sommerfield here manage to treat I with a cure . now I kill they . ( beat ) that 's call turn a frown upside down . abigail we need to pool we resource , blade . blade why ? abigail because he 's come back . King toss a tomb of dracula comic book over to blade . blade glance at the cover , then look at they , incredulous . blade you gotta be kid I . king he 's real , blade . dig beneath all the movie and myth . all the layer of bullshit that have cluttere we culture for the last five hundred year and eventually you will strike the truth . blade ( incredulous ) so the movie be true ? king ( shaking he head ) the movie be just a comforting fairytale compare to the real deal . there 's no happy end with this guy . Peter cush be not go to run in at the last second and save the day with a cross and some holy water . ( be : the comicbook ) see , good old Brain Stoker , he write a nice yarn . but the event he describe in 1897 be only a tiny piece of the mosaic . the rea1 dracula 's origin go back much earlier than that . blade how early ? abigail try six or seven thousand year . off blade 's astonished look we -- CUT to : ext . mesopotamia - night flash ! we see the man we meet earlier ( dracula / drake ) on the bank of the river euphrate , stride towards we , engage in fierce battle with ubaidian soldier . he 's clutching the same sword we see in the ziggurat , clad in the same armor . king ( v.0 . ) dracula 's only one of the name he 's go by . now they call he drake . if you believe the legend , he be bear in ancient sumeria . as drake slashes he sword downward we CUT back to -- int . nightstalkers headquarters - night -- King continue he story . as the hunter 's monologue progress we will intercut with drake 's own progression through history . brief , violent flashbacks . ( note : the background surround drake will be expressionistic , digital composite , constantly shifting . the focus of the flash be drake himself , fight a shadowy horde , he attire continually evolve through time . ) king nobody really know the specifics of he origin . but we do know this : he be the first of he kind . the patriarch of the hominus nocturna . ext . egyptian desert - night flash ! we be in Egypt now , circa 1650 BC . drake wage war against the hykso . he be closer to the camera . and will continue to move closer with each successive flashback . king ( v.0 . ) every single vampire -- every single monster that 's walk the earth since then -- owe they existence to him . int . nightstalkers headquarters - night back to King , hold court before blade and abigail . king he 's like the patient Zero of evil . the original serpent in the Garden of eden . and just like the great White shark , he 's never have to evolve . this guy be bear perfect . scour the history book -- ext . thrace - night flash ! the peloponnesian War , Southern Thrace , circa 405 BC . we see dracula battle athenian . even closer now , he face spatter with blood . at the same time , the soundtrack be gradually swell , expand in complexity and volume . king ( v.0 . ) -- read between the line -- ext . hungaria - night flash ! 5th century ad , battle the goth . with every swipe of he sword , we wipe forward into the future . king ( v.0 . ) -- you will find countless reference to him . always mention , never name . ext . europe - night flash ! 8th century ad , the reign of charlemagne . battle the viking . the flashbacks come faster now , assault we with ever- increase rapidity . drake continue stride forward while the rest of the world evolve around he , century whizzing by via computer generate time - lapse photography . king ( v.0 . ) he 's be there -- ext . various - night flash ! 12th century ad , the time of the crusade . the violence intensify . king ( v.0 . ) -- move behind the scene -- flash ! 17th century France , the time of Louis the xiv . the pace become breathless . king ( v.0 . ) -- cut a bloody path through the Ages until suddenly -- flash ! 18th century Russia , the time of Peter the great . the soundtrack be thunderous . drake have become a bloody blur of bestial rage and unfetter horror and -- king ( v.0 . ) -- just like that -- int . nightstalkers headquarters - night -- King snap he finger . we be back in the present . king -- he up and disappear . about a century ago the trail go cold . then we hear a rumor . the vampire be search for he -- try to find the place where he would retreat . accord to we information , they find he in Iraq about six month ago . ( beat ) and he be piss . ext . downtown commercial district - night grime . neon . near-silence as the cacophonous soundtrack recede into the background , replace by the steady drine of inner-city traffic . on drake , view through a long - lens , clad in modern , casual attire , stride in slow-motion down a pedestrian - choked sidewalk . slower . a heartbeat . the pulse of the people . and over this , intrude , the doppler effect wailing of a approach car as it rush past we in a screen wipe until we be -- outside a goth store drake study a window display . Halloween merchandise . costume and monster mask and -- vampire novelties . we see vampire lunchbox , dracula plush doll , plastic fang , key chain . even dracula bobblehead . drake stand in stark contrast to the mass - markete caricature on display before he . int . goth store - night drake enter . the store be crowded with low - end junky goods that might appeal to tourist visit Hollywood boulevard . a pallid , goth - guy cashier sit behind a counter , eat from a takeout container . he 's wafer thin , with a detach attitude . a snot . further back be a sultry goth vixen . behind they , on a tv , a cartoon be play . a animated vampire cavort -- " little bit " ( like the hot stuff devil from ritchie Rich comicbook ) drake in the window -- you sell vampire merchandise ? goth guy look up , wiping he mouth with a napkin . do not want to engage with drake at all . goth guy uh , yeah -- look around , we might have a few thing . he and the goth vix have a snicker at drake 's expense . then she try to be a little more helpful . goth vixen we have get dracula lunchbox . do you see that ? and there be bobblehead , pez dispenser . we have get just about anything -- ( select a vampire - shape vibrator , playful ) -- even vampire vibrator . as drake look around , what he see match he ascend rage . costume , candle , vampire Christmas ornament . poster from different film -- nosferatu , lugosi , Lee -- then Love at first bite and the Little vampire . goth vixen here , check this out -- she reach into a case , pull out a soft-drink . the label read : " dra - cola " and have a stylize vampire on it . goth vixen " dracola " . make you want to cry , do not it ? drake just stare at the can . his mind seem to have retreat elsewhere . back through the age . goth vixen be there something special you need ? drake do not respond . a kind of melancholy have settle over he . he 's a outsider now . the world have move on . goth -guy hey , guy , she 's talk to you . drake look up as goth guy pour a bowl of Count chocula . ext . goth store - night crash ! goth guy come fly through the display window , he trajectory take he body clear across the street and into the display window of the store opposite we . int . goth store - night goth vix scream . drake lash out . haul she over the counter . he sink he tooth into she throat , drink she blood with wild abandon . he consume it so quickly that he skin flush bright red . then drake tear he head away , lift he face upward as he fling the girl aside , unleash a ear-splitt roar . and for a brief moment , the bone of he face seem to shift , once again hint at another shape drake might take . ext . the CITY - various drake 's roar echoe through the canyon of downtown . CUT to : ext . luna park - night / day time -lapse . the sun rise over the decrepit amusement park . int . nightstalkers headquarters - armory - dawn sunlight slice down through skylight , bathing blade , King , abigail , and sommerfield in its warmth . Zoe have join they . she 's still cautious and shy , but she 's also curious . blade why wake up drake now ? abigail that 's what we have be try to figure out . king when I be under the fang there use to be talk about some kind of vampire ' final solution ' . but I could never figure out why they would want to destroy they food source . I mean , seem stupid , right ? they have always have plan for the human race . seem likely that whatever they be cooking up , drake 's return be a part of it . blade nod , pensive . king ( cont 'd ) let 's face it , blade -- we be fight a lose battle . so we kill a few hundred of they a year . Big deal . there be thousand of they out there . maybe ten of th'usands . we need a new tactic . blade like what ? sommerfield a biological weapon . sommerfield move to she braille keyboard , type . on a nearby monitor we see a real - time magnify view of a virus replicate . sommerfield ( cont ' D ) for the last year I have beennwork with synthesize DNA in order to create a artificial virus target specifically at vampire . we be call it daystar . king think about it , blade . we could wipe they all out in a single move . blade so what 's be hold you back ? sommerfield ( sighing ) we have try it on a number of captive subject . we have get the disease vector work out fine -- it 's easily transmittable . but the lethality in vampire be still spotty . abigail bottom line be , we need a better DNA sample to work with . ( beat ) we need dracula 's blood . sommerfield vampire DNA be a hodge - podge of different gene , mix in with all sort of useless junk DNA . because dracula 's the progenitor of the vampire race , he DNA be still pure . it have not be dilute by a hundred generation of selective mutation . it still have all the necessary cellular compound for the virus to code to . we get he blood , we can boost daystar 's viral efficacy to a hundred percent . king so . you want to join we club ? can we sign you up for a nightstalker secret decoder ring ? CUT to : ext . phoenix tower - day establish . the Sun at it 's zenith int . phoenix tower - drake' quarter - day a darken room , relatively austere . the only source of light be a series of small , slitted skylight in the ceiling above . from this skylight , narrow , blind white shaft of sunlight knife downward to penetrate the gloom . drake sit in a chair , he body partially illuminate by one of the sunlight shaft , he face turn upward into its brilliance . footstep . drake open he eye , sees danica hover in the darkness , just on the edge of a shaft of light . drake this world sicken I . the human have soile it with they filth . danica we can raze they city to the ground . we can bring the old world back . drake just stare at she , not convinced . drake come closer . danica ( be : light ) I can not . drake and do you know why ? ( off danica 's silence ) once , all of my kind could brave the day . we be true predator . the world be ours . and then , somewhere along the way , the purity of we bloodline become dilute . pollute with human DNA . danica that 's impossible -- drake be it ? drake stand , draw close to danica . he grip she wrist -- drake you be bastard child . no longer as pure as you pride yourselves on be . -- and pull she hand towards one of the sunlight shaft . to she credit , danica keep stare at drake . she will be damned if she will give he the satisfaction of see she break . drake pull she hand closer to the light -- to the very edge . and the tip of danica 's finger begin to burn . she wince , clearly in agony -- -- and drake release she hand . she cradle it against she chest , blink away tear that have well up in she eye . drake my people . how far you have fall . drake reach out , brushes a tear from danica 's cheek , then turn and walk away -- through the alternate shaft of sunlight and darkness . CUT to : int . nightstalkers headquarters - armory - day blade , King , and abigail stand before a table where a assortment of weaponry and ammunition have be laid out on display . hedge be there too , assist they . Zoe watch . hedge we have get a wide assortment of ass - kickery for you view pleasure -- ( hefting a pistol ) Electronic pistol . come with a build - in fingerprint security system . fire a three - shot burst in 1/500th of a second . bullet can also be trigger remotely . King toss blade a bullet . he study it -- it 's more complex than a standard round . blade explosive round ? king but with a concentrate burst of UV light instead of you standard hollow - point . I call them sun dog . ( to hedge ) hedge -- super-size I , baby ! hedge toss King one of the four-barreled firearm . on the stock be a irreverent decal of the mud-flap girl silhouette . king this little mamacita -- a modify version of the Army 's objective individual combat weapon . pick you poison -- stake , sun dog , heat - seek mini-rocket . whatever get you hard , this puppy will pump out . ( gesture to blade 's sword , sarcastic ) of course it do not have the range of a sword but -- next , hedge show blade the crescent -shaped device that abigail use . he give the device a twist and -- hedge we call this the UV arc -- chinkt ! the device extend from either end , telescoping outward . connect the tip be a concentrate UV laser . hedge you hold the arc in the center , curve away from you . connect the tip be a powerful UV laser beam . because of its high focus , the laser cut through vampire flesh like a knife through butter . king we be still try to sort out fact from fiction when it come to dracula . turn into mist ? kinda doubt it . but general shape-shift ? maybe . hedge ( off blade 's look ) not into a bat or a wolf or anything like that . but another human , someone with the same approximate body mass -- give enough practice it might be possible . blade how ? hedge he would not have a traditional skeletal structure . probably something more like a snake , with thousand of tiny bone in the place of a normal array . commensurate with this would be a exquisite control of electrical potential across he tissue , result in a ability to effectively change shape at will -- king ( raise he hand ) question . have you ever be laid , hedge ? CUT to : int . warehouse / garage - day blade , King , and abigail , newly suite up for war , move towards the land cruiser . blade time to apply some pressure . the weak link in the vampire chain of command have always be they familiar . vampire can not go out in the day , so they get human to do they dirty work for they blood-runn , safe house maintenance , whatever -- ( climb in the cruiser ) we bleed the wanna - be vampire , they will lead we to the real thing . blade start the engine . int . land cruiser - day blade look to abigail , who sit in the back . she have a laptop on she knee and be assemble a mp3 playlist . king she 's make playlist . like to listen to mp3 when she hunt . her own internal soundtrack , you know ? Dark -core , trip hop , whatever kid this day be listen to . I ? I be more of a Kenny G fan . finish , abigail slip she earbud into she ear , turn on she portable mp3 player . music cue . the smoking bassline of jurassic 5 's 'a Day at the race ' kick in as -- ext . CITY street - various - day -- blade , King , and abigail cruise the street in a jag fast - forward montage . ext . seedy bar - day the land cruiser jump the curb , screeching to a stop in front of a scuzzy bar . amidst a wall cover with graffiti and flyer we see a vampire glyph . int . seedy bar - day bang ! blade kick open the door . a couple of low - life take notice . blade move around the bar , open a refrigerator - we see pack of refrigerated blood inside . one of the low - life take off run , back past the bathroom , shoulder a door at the rear -- ext . seedy bar - rear entrance - day -- stumbling right into abigail 's arm . she trip he up , swinging he around , pin a arm behind he . she pull the back of he collar down , see a vampire glyph -- we can not hear what the familiar be say , but he 's squealing , raise he hand in a " please do not hit I anymore " manner . ext . CITY street - various - day the land cruiser rocket down the street . ext . vampire safe house - various - day in quick succession we see a half - dozen underworld dive -- -- a pool hall -- -- a internet cafe -- -- a electronics repair shop -- all be front for vampire operation , feature back room with refrigerate blood and high - tech coffin-like bed where the vampire can safely sleep through the day unmolested . in each new location , blade , King , and abigail resort to oldfashion strong - arm tactic : -- blade head -butt a familiar . -- King punch a familiar across the jaw . -- abigail kick a familiar in the stomach . cut to a flurry of extreme close - ups of vampire glyph be expose on the back of familiar 's neck , one after another -- then a montage of face as familiar have they head cainfully smashed against -- -- wall -- -- car hood -- -- pool table -- -- into window and door and garbage can . the bully move come faster , the shot become more and more abstract until -- ext . CITY rooftop - day -- wham ! blade toss hoop , a skinny familiar , off a roof . it 's a four story drop . Hoop fall , scream -- but then jerk to a stop about twenty foot down , dangle upside down . we see now that Hoop have rope tie around one of Hoop 's ankle . and blade be clutching the other end of the rope . blade haul Hoop back up -- but still keep he dangle upside down . King and abigail look on . blade want another spin , ass-hole ? eventually , you head 's gonna pop off . hoop shit ! oh Jesus , please , please -- blade who 's you handler ? hoop I do not know he name , I swear I -- blade prepare to drop Hoop again -- -- but a cell phone in Hoop 's jacket ring . blade fish it out . the screen read : edgar vance , 555-5631 . ext . CITY STREET - day Dr. vance , the psychiatrist who give blade the mental evaluation , be cruise in he Pacific Blue xkb convertible jaguar . he 's wear sunglass , talk on he cell phone . vance this be Dr. vance . do someone page I ? ext . CITY rooftop - day blade end the call , then look to Hoop , smile cruelly . blade let Hoop drop . the familiar plunge four storey , scream . land dead -center in a goodwill box below . CUT to : ext . vance institute for whole be - day a high - tech office complex surround by meticulously - groom grounds . a sign with a swanky " vance institute " logo zoom . blade , King , and abigail approach , take note of vance 's jaguar ( complete with vanity plate ) , park in front . king hey , blade -- why do not the vampire bite Mick Jagger ? ( off blade 's look ) Cause you can not get blood from a Stone . as blade walk off -- king ( cont 'd ) hey , they can not all be gem ! int . vance institute for whole be - lobby - day the trio enter , draw stare from a number of patient gather in a reception area . nearby be a large display with vance 's grin face . beneath it , text read : edgar vance , M.D. president , vance institute for whole be nearby be a bank of monitor show a snazzy video feature a beautiful young couple marvel at a sunrise . narrator ( on monitor ) regain control of you life . wake to a new dawn . at the vance Institute for Whole be we believe in a integrate approach to human health . the image cut to vance himself , poise on the edge of he desk , smile . as blade and company move through the institute , the video play counterpoint to they progress . vance I be Dr. vance . welcome to we facility . as a member of the medical profession I want to assure you that I will do everything in my power ro provide you with the care and compassion that you deserve . past the reception desk be the elevator with more monitor show the video greeting . as blade , King , and abigail approach , two security guard move to intercept they . security guard Excuse I , can I help y-- crack ! blade effortlessly toss the guard aside , send they crashing into the nearest monitor . int . vance institute - hallway - continuous the trio continue . a doctor step out of a doorway . King punch he in the face . we see another video monitor . vance what do it mean to be human ? since the dawn of creation we ancestor have ask ourselves that question . they round the corner -- int . vance institute - second hallway - continuous -- nearly collide with two more security guard . blade take they both out . there 's another video monitor . vance the modern world today be fill with countless challenge . in every direction we look , toxic stressor be impact upon we happiness . we think we be healthy , but the truth be , we immune system be engage in a life or death struggle to maintain we well be . int . vance institute - outer office - continuous blade , King , and abigail storm in . a executive assistant be move to stop they . executive assistant I be sorry but you can not -- abigail kick out the man' knee , then slice she hand into he windpipe , silencing he . vance now , I would like to take a moment to exolain how a series of remarkable new breakthroughs can immeasurably improve the quality of you life blade aim he shotgun at the door lead to vance 's office . he fire at the keycard lock , kick down the door -- int . vance institute - vance's office - day -- startling Dr. vance himself , who be rise up from behind he desk . vance be wiping he mouth , not dress like a doctor would normally be . but we hardly notice this as -- vance what --? blade payback , vance . -- blade aim he shotgun at vance 's head . vance just smile , seemingly unconcern as -- -- abigail circle around the other side , get a view behind vance 's desk where -- vance's body lie on the floor . his throat have be rip out . and this body be dress like a doctor . King put it together first , reach for a silver stake even as we hear the sound of popping cartilage come from beneath the vance double 's flesh -- king Jesus , it 's he ! it 's drake ! the vance double jump atop the desk and swat the muzzle of blade 's shotgun aside , re-directing the blast , which shatter a glass window . then he kick blade in the chest , knocking he clear across the office as -- -- King advance . the vance double 's face warp , the bone in he head shifting around . he reach for King , slam he onto the desk , twist the stake from King 's hand and brutally shove it into King 's rib cage , pin he to the desk top . then the vance double whirl around to engage abigail -- only we see that it 's drake now , have take vance 's shape . drake back -hand abigail across the face , a tooth -jarring blow . she spin , fall -- -- and drake be move like a hurricane , leaping through the window that be shattered by blade 's shotgun blast . blade give chase . he look out the window , sees drake landing on the ground , some three storey below . ext . vance institute - rear entrance - alley - day drake run with inhuman speed . he effortlessly scale a chain link fence , then barrel straight through a wooden barricade , sailing over a trash dumpster . second later , blade follow , catch sight of drake rush out into -- ext . STREET market - various - day -- a crowded urban market . what unfold be a foot - chase at super-human velocity . vampire and hunter be move at least twenty mile a hour , batter aside various pedestrian , smashing through and over stall of merchandise . ext . busy STREET - day drake emerge onto the sidewalk of a busy street , four lane of rush - hour traffic whizzing past . abruptly , drake cut into the traffic , leaping atop the hood of a oncoming car . the car 's horn sound , brake squeal . blade follows , jump onto the hood of another car . more horn sound . in this manner . drake and blade race across the flow traffic itself . use the hood and roof of the car like move step stone . on the other side of the STREET drake mount the step of a older apartment building , thunder he way through the main entrance -- int . older build - stairwell / corridor - day blade be on drake like a shadow . we be internal now , the sound of blade 's labored breath move to the foreground of the soundscape . Chaos . a barking dog darting from a doorway . up ahead , a old man have be knock over . a insane dash up two flight of stair , then down a corridor , pass more tenant . somewhere , a woman scream . we hear glass breaking and -- woman my baby -- there 's another open door -- int . older build - apartment - day -- blade tear into a apartment , pass a hysterical woman , a upend crib . he sees a break window by a fire escape -- ext . older build - FIRE escape - day cut onto the fire escape . a glimpse of drake overhead . blade clamber up the fire escape , move in a near-blur . one story of step up the rickety metal ladder -- smash ! a large planter come down from above , nearly strike blade . he let go with one hand , swing outward -- -- then he 's climb again . a cloud of pigeon take wing , flap frenetically about he , momentarily blind he . another story , a third , a fourth . as he reach the top , blade jump , catch the edge of the roof above he -- ext . older build - rooftop - day -- flipping himself over and onto the roof . he land in a cat stance , draw he sword , quickly scan the area . drake ( o.s. ) so you be the hunter they all fear . blade spin -- drake stand on the ledge of the roof , cradling a infant in he arm . in the full glare of the afternoon sun . drake ( be : infant ) just so we understand each other , daywalker . with he free hand , he massage he jaw . we hear a few more piece of popping cartkage as the very last of drake 's cermanent feature seem to settee into clace . blade why do you kill vance ? drake he would outlive he purpose . he would become a liabi1ity . drake nod at blade 's sword -- drake you sword -- I have see that hilt before . eight or nine century ago . the hunter who carry it be a accomplish fighter . ext . seaside cliff - day ( the past ) drake in he armor , head to head with a 14th century vampire hunter . the hunter have blade' sword . drake tear the sword from the hunter 's grasp , turn it around , thrust it back through the man 's chest . and as the man gasp we be -- ext . older build - rooftop - day ( the present ) -- back to here and now . drake he be honorable , in he own way . he die a good death . blade I would not know about that . drake you lie . you be part of a grand tradition , blade . you hunter have plague my people since the day we first walk the earth . and I have vanquish they . one by one . blade pause , look for some kind of open . blade how can you exist in the daylight ? drake I have always be able to . have not you read Mr. Stoker 's fable ? I be the first of the vampire . I be unique . blade ( realize ) that 's why they bring you back . drake yes . my child seek to isolate the property in my blood that make I immune to sunlight . through I , they believe they can all become daywalker . drake glance down at the street people . throng of people be mass there , point up at he . drake the world 's change much since I go to sleep . how crowded it 's become . look at they down there . live brief as firefly . do you think they can ever grasp what it mean to be immortal like we ? blade you be not immortal . I must have hear a hundred of you people make the same claim . and every one of they 's see the end of my sword . drake smile , intrigue by a obviously worthy opponent . drake perhaps I will as well , then . but I think it 's more likely that you will fall before mine . ( beat ) catch . drake toss the infant at blade . blade twist around to catch it , scoop it safely up . but when he look back -- -- drake be go . king ( o.s. ) shit ! int . vance institute - vance's office - day close on King be propped up against the wall by abigail . blade have join they . King be in terrible pain . king Jesus , it hurt . I wanna be a vampire again -- fuck ! do you see that guy ?! we be gonna lose , man . we be gonna fuck lose . abigail ignore King , cut open he shirt . she remove a small aerosol cannister from she belt . blade what 's that ? abigail fibrin sealant foam , it 's a elastic protein . help I spread the wound open . the foam should seal the hemorrhage in he body cavity from within -- together they spread the wound apart . King be really hurt , breathe hard as he try to fight back the pain . king hey , hey -- what would the one lesbian vampire say to the other ? abigail shut up , King . king -- see you in twenty - eight day -- King 's voice trail off as he pass out . abigail triggers the dispenser , spraying a jet of compress foam into it . the foam condense , sealing the wound up . int . nightstalkers headquarters - day blade and abigail enter the hq , haul King between they . dex and hedge rush to meet they , relieving they of King . exhausted and cover in blood , abigail retire to she quarter , stripping off she clothes . int . nightstalkers ' headquarters - shower - day abigail stand beneath ( he showerhead , turn she face up into the scalding spray , rinsing the blood from she body . close on the drain by she foot , blood swirl down it . int . nightstalkers headquarters - infirmary - day King drowse on a cot . his shirt be off and he chest have be bandage . he open he eye , sees blade above he . king hey , blade -- say we be successful . say we wipe the vampire out . what happen then ? you ever ask yourself that ? ( weakly ) somehow I do not picture you park on a porch with a jigsaw puzzle . King drift back into unconsciousness again , leave blade leave to ponder he word . int . nightstalkers headquarters - laboratory area - day later , sommerfield and hedge consult with blade and abigail . hedge so basically we be in a arm race . they be use drake 's DNA to build themselves a better vampire -- blade ( noddin ) -- and we need he blood to kill they . ( to sommerfield ) how 's this weapon of yours come along ? sodderfield we be almost there -- she gesture to a series of ampule- like prototype . ( we will see the complete version of this device later on . ) sommerfield the virus be harmless to human . so we decide to go after the vampire ' food source . the one thing we know for sure about vampire be that they have to drink blood . if we manage to pull this off , we will be able to contaminate every blood source on the planet . they will not have anyone leave to feed on . abigail do not do we any good if we do not have time to finish it . we can not just sit here . we need to take the battle to they . sommerfield lower she head , think . sommerfield if the vampire be try to isolate the hereditary factor in drake that make he immune to sunlight , they will require certain kind of laboratory equipment and provision . for instance , there 's a enzyme call taq polymerase . and there be only a limited number of supplier . ( beat ) give I a few hour . I will see if I can not hunt we up some lead . CUT to : ext . phoenix tower - penthouse - night move towards the mirrore window we hear labored breathing . int . phoenix tower - drake' quarter - night close on hand clasped together -- a man and a woman' . close on danica ' 's face , cover in sweat , in the throes of passion . she look up , eye glaze -- pull back to reveal drake , propped above she , thrust away . danica have she limb wrap around drake , hold on for dear life . both be awash in moonlight . the two of they climax . drake withdraw , study danica . she 's naked but for the tiny silver crucifix she wear around she neck . drake nudge the crucifix with he finger . drake why do you wear that -- symbol ? danica ( defensive ) Old habit -- she sit up , drape a sheet over she . danica I be a good Catholic school girl once . drake nod , he thought distant . drake I be there when they crucify he . he die -- for they sin , not mine . danica ( playful1y ) and what be you sin ? would you care to confess they ? drake ( shaking he head ) too numerous to remember . ( nodd at the crucifix ) take it off . danica why ? drake I will make you a better one . drake draw she in , bite she gently on the neck , sink he fang into she flesh . he pull he head back . two rivulet of blood trickle from the fresh wound . drake there 's a old say -- drake reach for the sheet , pull it away from danica 's chest . then he dip he fingertip into she flow blood - painting a long streak of it down between she breast . drake kill one man , you be a murderer . kill a million , a king . ( smile ) kill they all , a God . CUT to : int . nightstalkers headquarters - storage area - night close on a pneumatic injector . pull back to reveal blade inject himself with he serum . no pain . no violent spasm like before . blade 's body now accept the serum . angle on zoe , crouch on a old piece of carny equipment , watch he . zoe why do you do that ? blade there 's something bad inside of I . this keep it from get out . Zee consider this . zoe why can not you just be nice ? blade good question . sommerfield ( 0.s. ) I think I have get a lead . int . nightstalkers headquarters - laboratory area - nght sommerfield stand at she computer , read a tactile braille display . blade and abigail be nearby . sommerfield biomedica enterprise . they have be buy up all sort of supplies -- taq polymerase , bone marrow growth supplement , genetic sequence enzyme . blade we will check it out . CUT to : ext . biomedica enterprise - night a high - tech research park . int . biomedica enterprise - lab - night hendrix , the vampire doctor we see earlier , sit at a computer workstation . Chief vreede confer with he . we hear a knock at the door . hendrix look to vreede . they obviously be not expect anyone . hendrix move to the door , check a surveillance monitor . he can not see anyone outside . he shrug , turn to leave and -- crunch ! the door be smashed inward , take much of the door frame with it , flatten hendrix . blade and abigail step inside . as blade haul hendrix up from the ground , abigail point she already draw gun at -- chief vreede he be reach into he jacket for he own piece , now think better of it . blade do a little moonlight , Chief ? blade nod to abigail . she reach onto vreede 's jacket to disarm he . blade grip hendrix by the shirt collar . blade c'mere . we need to talk . blade punch hendrix in the face . hendrix sag for a moment , stunne . blade now spill it , bite - boy . hendrix ( wiping a bloody nose ) you know what we be do . drake have come back to we . soon we will all be daywalker . and when that day come , the world will truly be ours . blade nod towards the back of the lab where another door -- a very secure one -- be locate . blade what 's back there ? hendrix shoot a quick look to vreede . then he turn on blade , all fang and claw , try to tear blade 's eye out -- abigail fire she UV gun with blind speed and -- -- hendrix be dead before he know it . ashing all over blade . blade brushes hendrix ' 's remain from coat collar , shoot abigail a look : " do you really have to do that ? " blade ( dryly ) thanks . abigail cringe . mea culpa . blade look to the floor . aside from some cinder , all that remain of hendrix be he glass and a singe keycard . blade pick up the keycard , look to vreede . blade what 's behind door number one ? vreede they will kill I -- blade ( a evil grin ) so will I . but I will enjoy it more . vreede nod . they move towards the door . blade slide the security card . a inset light change from red to GREEN . vreede punch in a numeric code . the door slide open -- int . blood farming facility - MAIN room - night blade , abigail , and vreede emerge into a cavernous room . abigail God in Heaven -- hundred of human cadaver hang from gantry , preserve in fluid -fill pod , suspend by wire like nightmarish marionette . the body be hook up to a elaborate system of biosensor feed and ivs which be design to replenish vital nutrient . blade what be this place ? vreede pause before answer , look uncomfortable . vreede it 's a blood farming facility . ( elaborate ) they decide that hunt human on a piece - meal basis be too inefficient . why kill you prey when you can keep they alive ? productive . under optimal condition a donor can generate anywhere from fifty to a hundred pint of blood a year . abigail ( sicken ) but where do you get all this people ? vreede the street . in any give year you have get two to three million homeless people wander around America -- ( shrugging ) no one care about they . we be do the country a service , really . blade shake he head , admire the horrible efficiency . blade the vampire final solution . abigail move towards one of the pod , touch she hand to the glass , studyihg the comatose person within . abigail be they aware ? do they feel anything ? vreede ( shaking he head ) they be in a chemical - induce coma . they be brain -dead , vegetable . blade angrily slam vreede 's face against one of the pod . blade look at this ! be this the future you want ? you think there 's a place for you in they world ? vreede start cry , blubber . vreede we do not have a choice ! they be go to win , do not you see that ?! he 's come back ! there 's nothing stop they now ! blade pull vreede back so they be nose to nose -- blade there 's I . -- and blade release vreede . blade go . you have get thirty second . vreede turn and run , stumbling towards the door . despite he promise , blade lift he mach . without even look in vreede 's direction , blade fire . we hear vreede drop . blade turn to abigail . she can hardly contain herself . nearby be a control console . blade unload he mach pistol into it , damaging the interlinked life support system . one by one , the vital sign and ekg on the pod flat -line , they warning tone rise into a collective , piercing wail . blade ( cont 'd ) ( feel a heavy weight ) let 's go . blade and abigail leave , turn the light out as they go . CUT to : int . nightstalkers headquarters - storage area - night a basketball hoop have be set up in the back area and dex and hedge be engage in a wick game of one - on-one . int . nightstalkers headquarters - laboratory area - night scm~erfield work , refining the virus . because she be blind , she do not need light . h er computer 's voice synthesis program have be activate and it 's currently read the various statistic that appear on she main monitor . computer cytogenetics audit data from -- august fifteenth , two - thousand and four . ( beat ) amniotic fluid -- input delay / zero . abnormal sample / two . banding quality / seven -point -two -- at the same time , sommerfield be read aloud to Zoe , who sit nearby . the book be the emerald City of Oz and it 's in braille . sommerfield scan with she finger . sommerfield ' the reason most people be bad be because they do not try to be good . now , the nome King have never try to be good , so he be very bad indeed . have decide to conquer the land of Oz and to destroy the emerald City and enslave all its people , King roquat the Red keep plan way to do this dreadful thing , and the more he plan the more he believe he would be able to accomplish it -- ' computer cytogenetics audit data from -- august fifteenth , two - thousand and four . angle on a bank of surveillance monitor we see whistler approach through the garage . int . nightstalkers headquarters - night the steel door slide open and whistler enter . int . nightstalkers headquarters - infirmary area - night King drowse on a cot . he hear a noise , open he eye . whistler stand in the doorway . king you get I that fruit Roll -up like I ask -- ( surprised ) dude . be not you dead ? whistler do not respond . King try to sit up -- but whistler place he hand on King 's mouth , shove he down , start to smother he . King struggle , confuse . int . nghtstalkers headquarters - storage area - night dex manage to steal the ball from hedge , make a shot . behind they , whistler enter the makeshift court . 130 int . nightstalkers headquarters - laboratory area - night130 abruptly , the sound of the one - on - one game stop . we hear a thud from the back of the warehouse -- like someone fall . computer blood -- input delay / zero . abnormal sample / seven . banding quality / EIGHT - point -one -- sommerfield look to the storage area . the silence be unnerve . she turn off she voice-synthesis program . then close the book . sommerfield guy ? you okay --? on the doorway the basketball come bounce out . it roll , come to rest against a workbench . there be blood spatter on the ball . sommefrield reach for she cane . she tap - tap she way to the ball , feel the blood . know what it be . sommerfield Zoe , go find some place to hide , sweety . Zoe hesitates . sommerfield sense it and lash out with she cane , banging a rack of equipment , startling the girl . sommerfield damnit , go ! get out of here , Zoe ! the girl scurries away . sommerfield tap - tap with she cane , move towards the storage area . she find a gun cabinet , feel around with she hand , locate a electronic pistol . int . nghtstalkers headquarters - storage area - night sommerfield enter . dex and hedge be sprawle on the floor before she , have be slaughter . blood be everywnere . she do not see they , of course . but we do . the camera shift around , revealing whistler crouch right behind she ! she 's unaware of he presence . and as we watch , he facial feature shift . we hear the sicken sound of cartilage popping and we realize that it 's drake , not whistler . with mount dread , sommerfield turn towards the sound . and then drake be upon she , rush forward with a growl . int . nightstalkers headquarters - bathroom - night as sommerfield 's agonized scream echo through the warehouse , Zoe rush into the bathroom , look for a place to hide . she consider the locker , discount they . then settles on -- a HEATING grate near the floor . it 's about fourteen inch wide -- just barely big enough for she to squeeze into . Zoe kneel , pry the grate off . Inside , a heating duct extend four foot before make a ninety - degree turn upward . Zoe climb into the duct foot first , scoot she body backwards . then she reach for the grate , secure it back on , sealing herself inside . int . HEATING duct - night Zoe wait . it 's cramped and claustrophobic inside the duct . she 's manage to force herself all the way back to the ninety degree turn by curling up into a near fetal position . zoe' Pov ( through grate ) mostly tile floor and a small portion of the open doorway lead to the hallway outside . she listen , try to hear past the sound of she own breathing which have be magnify because of the ducting . the scream from the outer room have stop . then -- zoe' Pov ( through grate ) a pair of boot appear in the doorway -- drake . Zoe hold she breath . we hear drake search the bathroom , open the locker and bathroom stall . zoe' Pov ( through grate ) drake 's boot - clad foot pass by the grate again , closer , tnn time . they pause for a interminable moment -- Zoe shut she eye . she can not stand it . finally , we hear drake 's footstep recede away . relieved , Zoe take in a breath and open she eye -- zoe' Pov ( through grate ) drake 's face be right there . press up against the other side of the grate , stare at she ! Zoe scream . with a roar , drake rip the grate off . he try to climb inside , but the width of the duct be too narrow to accommodate the size of he upper body . instead , he reach he right arm in , extend he claw hand as far as he possibly can . Zoe whimper , try to compress she mass into a even tighter ball -- on drake' hand , have reach the limit of its extension -- he fingertip only a few scant inch from Zoe 's face . Zoe 's be allow a moment 's reprieve . he can not reach she ! but then we hear the sound of popping cartilage . of tiny bone shifting beneath drake 's flesh . drake 's finger be elongate , snake - like reaching for Zoe 's face , rapidly close the space whici1 separate they -- CUT to : ext . luna park / garage - night the real blade and abigail be return . the slide garage door open and the land cruiser glide inside . int . nightstalkers headquarters - night blade and abigail enter . the place be dark . they know instinctively that somethong be wrong . blade try a nearby light . the power be out . they both draw they weapon . blade turn on a flashlight . they move onto the darkness -- shadow loom everywhere . it 's like a tornado touch down inside . equipment lie smashed , table and chair have be overturn . sommerfield 's lab area have be destroy . abigail King -- blade and abigail rush to the infirmary area , but King be go and the place have be trash . they move into -- int . nightstalkers headquarters - storage area - night -- the back area . they find dex and hedge on the floor , they body ble , desecrate . abigail ( realize ) Zoe -- where 's Zoe ? int . nightstalkers headquarters - various - night with increase urgency , blade and abigail search the headquarters -- the bathroom , the garage , every nook and cranny . with each moment , abigail become more panicked . abigail where be she ?! they can not find she anywhere . int . nightstalkers headquarters - shower area - night blade and abigail enter . a thin stream of blood snake its way across the shower tile . taey follow it , discover -- sommerfield , she body propped up mock - crucifixion style in the shower . on the wall nearby , someone have write a message in blood : " immortality will come to such as be fit for it " on blade he know damn well who leave he the message . as tear streak down abigail 's cheek , she rush to sommmerfield 's body . together , she and blade get she down . abigail clutches sommerfield , slowly rock the body in she arm . blade put a hand on she shoulder . blade use it . abigail do not respond . her whole body be shaking . blade ( cont 'd ) ( more firmly ) use it . abigail raise she head , she eye fill with hatred . blade do not let up . he 's like a drill instructor , galvanize she with he word . blade ( cont 'd ) use it !!! abigail lift she head toward the heaven , let loose a torture scream that erupt from the very pit of she soul . CUT to : ext . phoenix tower - night abigail 's scream echoes over the moonlit cityscape . int . phoenix tower - penthouse - night close on King 's bloody face . a dog be lick it . King stir , he eye flutter open -- king Pov the rottweiler we see earlier be slobbering all over he . pull back to reveal King on he knee , shirtless , both wrist secure behind he in a high - tech pillory . King try to twist he head away from the dog . the rottweiler growls . king back off , pooch -- the rottweiler 's jaw open , revealing more tooth than any dog should probably have . its muzzle split in two as both side of the rottweiler mandible fold back on either side of its head , disgorge a hellish and barb tongue stalk ! the mutant dog roar , ready to bite King 's face off and -- king Jesus Christ ! -- grimwood appear from off -screen , laughing , pull the animal back . we see danica and Asher now as well . king what the fuck ?! what the fuck ?!? asher his name 's Beau . we have be experiment with port the vampire gene over into other species . as Asher pet the rottweiler , its muzzle close back up again . it look up at he , panting happily , tongue lolling . king you make a goddamn vampire dog ?! grimwood yeah . cool , huh ? danica poor little King . you look so distraught . danica wipe a little blood from the corner of King 's mouth . she touch she fingertip to she tongue , taste he blood . danica you be taste a little bland , lover . not get enough fatty acid in you diet ? have you try mackerel ? Lake trout ? king how about you take a sugar - frost fuck off the end of my dick ? danica oh , there will be time to play doctor later , believe I . but for now , we need to have a little talk . ( beat ) tell we about this bio-weapon you have be building . king I can tell you two thing . diddly . and shit . and diddly just leave the building . grimwood step forward , throttling King for a moment . grinwood spit it out , you fuck fruitcake ! king okay , here 's the deal with the weapon - ( cough ) it 's a new flavor crystal formula . twice the chocolaty - goodness , half the calory . plus , it help prevent tooth decay -- grimwood move in to choke he again , but danica intervene . danica you be brave , King , I will give you that . but underneath all you swagger -- she lean closer , caress he face . danica -- I know what you really fear . what would hurt you more than anything else . King 's smile falter for a moment . maybe she do know . she rub she cheek against he . danica you do not want to go back to be one of we -- ( she lip graze he ) -- do you ? King try to turn he head away , but danica grip he chin , turn he head back . he 's sweat now . worried . danica I be go to bite you again , King . and then I be go to leave you here while you turn . I be go to watch you , day after day , while the thirst keep building and building . and then , when you can not stand it anymore -- she nod . drake appear , hold Zoe . she 's alive . terrify . held firm in drake 's arm . danica -- I be go to bring the little girl for you to feed on . would you like that , King ? would you enjoy take she life ? King shut he eye , sicken at the think . danica smile . danica now we be get somewhere , my pet . CUT to : int . nightstalkers ' headquarters - shoot range - night abigail sit in she workshop area , restringing one of she bow . nearby be a table with a assortment of equipment -- a bow press , vise stand , string jig , bow scale and wrench set . across the way be a shoot range with a variety of target set up , a wall of netting behind they to catch stray arrow . there 's also a chronograph outfit with a ballistic computer to measure arrow speed . close on abigail 's hand as she work with a quiet precsion , re-setting the arrow rest , make minor adjustment to the center - shot position and wheel timing , etc . blade appear in the doorway , watch she . blade you alright ? abigail ( brusque ) I will be fine . blade nod . he 's go to leave she alone -- but then he hesitates , wrestle to say something . blade do not let it turn inward . abigail take a deep breath , pause in she work . abigail it already have . since I can remember I have have this knife of sadness in my heart . as long as it stay there , I be strong . I be untouchable . but the moment I pull it out -- ( turn back to he ) -- I will die . blade nod . he understand all too well . he leave . on abigail she stand , move to the shoot range . she strap on a quiver , take aim at a 3-d human - shape target about a hundred foot away . just in front of the target be the chronograph , which look like a miniature set of goal post . whoosh ! abigail fire a arrow . it fly through the arm of the chronograph , sink into the target 's chest . on the screen of the ballistic computer , the arrow 's speed be clocked at 240 foot per second . we move closer to she now as -- whoosh ! abicail fire again . the speed be 242 fps . closer -- whoosh ! now the speed be 269 fps . even closer -- whoosh ! whoosh ! whoosh ! 285 fps. 302 fps. 315 fps ! the arrow speed creep up and up as we move closer and closer to abigail until we -- -- pull back . abigail have fire every arrow in she quiver . on the target the arrow have form a cross in the target 's chest . one vertical grouping run up , another horizontal grouping bisect it . int . nightstalkers headquarters - garage - night blade stand at the open entrance . abigail step out . look like she 's make peace with herself for the moment . arigail I be ready to go . headlight appear in the distance . another land cruiser approach , weaving through the amusement park . it pull to a stop in front of they . the driver 's side window roll down . a man ( caulder ) sit behind the wheel . he raise a hand in greeting . caulder my name be caulder . and I will be you driver this evening . int . caulder' land cruiser - night caulder 's land cruiser glide through the street . blade where be you take we ? caulder another safehouse . abigail we tell you , blade . we operate in sleeper cell . when one go down , a new cell activate to pick up the slack . ext . deep - six aquarium stock - night caulder pull up in front of a fish supply store . int . deep - six aquarium stock - night caulder unlock a accordion security gate , open the door . he lead blade and abigail through the darken aisle . there be fish tank on either side , aerator bubbling , aquatic animal of every kind swim about . in the back be another arsenal / lab area . this one be smaller than the nightstalker ' main headquarters . caulder move to a computer , call up a file . a dialogue box for a media player open . caulder activate a video file . caulder sommerfield leave a video message for you . on the monitor the video play . we see sommerfield 's face on the screen . she look grave , as if she might have be cry . sommerfield ( on video ) if you be watch this , I be already dead . if Zoe 's still alive , I want you to promise you will take care of she . I have be read she the Oz book every night . we just start the emerald City of Oz , the one with the nome King -- her voice crack and she pause , wiping away a tear . sommerfield I think I have manage to cultivate a workable strain of the daystar virus . as a precaution , I transmit the genetic sequence to caulder , in case we main stock be destroy . in order for it to achieve maximum lethality , you will need to interfuse it with drake 's blood . if it work , any vampire in the immediate vicinity should die almost instantly . after that , it should take only a few week for the virus to spread throughout the rest of the world . Zoe hesitates , decide how to broach the next subject . sommerfield there 's one other thing , blade . you need to know that there 's a chance the virus could destroy you too . because you be a hybrid , I be not sure whether you immune system will be able tolerate it . ( beat ) I be sorry . we do not have enough time to properly test it . the video cut to static . abigail turn off the monitor , look to blade . God only know what he 's think . caulder take a look at the plague arrow . caulder reach for a refrigerate aluminum case , snap it open . Inside , rest on a bed of form -fitting foam , be a glass ampule that 's be fitte into a stake- like contraption . it look like the head of a high - tech harpoon . caulder I only have time to fabricate a small batch of daystar . I outfit it with a compress gas projectile , so you should be able to fire it from one of the fourbarrel rifle or a bow . ( beat ) just make sure the shot count , cause we do not have enough for a second try . a series of dissolves abigail sit before a laptop , create another custom mp3 playlist . we watch as she hi-light song with she mouse , move they over to she portable device with a few click . abigail unhook she mp3 device , slip she earbud headphone into she ear . the sound of fluke 's track atom bomb fade up , gradually shifting from tinny source music to soundtrack . more dissolves blade and abigail suit up , arming themselves . we see : blade load round into he pistol . abigail select arrow , check the range-dial . blade slide silver stake into he bandolier . abigail work with caulder , affixing the plague capsule to one of she arrowhead . blade polish he sword . finish , he sight down the length of it , take a practice swing , then secure it in he back scabbard with a flourish . ext . deep - six aquarium stock - back alley - night we hear the rumble of two motorcycle . blade emerge from the alley astride he signature ducati st2 crotch -rocket . abigail appear a moment later on she own customize bike . blade revs he engine . then the two bike take off . CUT to : int . phoenix tower - drake' quarter - night drake sit before Zoe , who have be shackle to the wall , he right arm encase in one of the armored gauntlet from he burial armor . the rest of the armor have be propped up on a stand nearby . drake do you know who I be ? zoe you be the nome King . drake smile at this . drake the nome King . I like that . ( lean closer ) tell I , child . do you want to die ? Zoe be terrify but try to remain defiant . zoe I be not afraid -- I will go to Heaven . drake there be no Heaven . no God . no angel . no happy end for good little girl . the only thing you have to look forward to be nothingness . as drake talk he pupil seem to widen -- until the darkness nearly occlude the white of he eye . Zoe stare at he . can not tear she gaze away . his eye be hypnotic . drake but what if you could change that ? what if you could remain a child forever ? he reach out , run a sharp fingernail over she cheek . drake what if you could keep this little doll - like face of yours until the sun itself cool to a cold , hard rock ? ( beat ) would not you like that ? would not you accept that gift ? Zoe reach out , calmly touch drake 's cheek . zoe my friend be come to kill you . int . phoenix tower - penthouse - night whack ! grimwood punch King , whose body sag , weaken from the beating he have undergone . Asher and danica look on . king -- gonna be sorry you do that -- asher nobody 's come for you , King . king sure they be . Left a trail of digital bread crumb -- danica Excuse I ? king one thing you need to know about we nightstalker . when you join we club , you get this nifty little tracking node surgically implant in you body -- grimwood bullshit . king scout 's honor . one of we get lose , the other just dial up the satellite and presto , instant cavalry . grimwood look to Asher and danica , unsure . as her he 's bluff . danica ( smile , play along ) okay , King , where do they put this tracking node of yours ? he motion for she to draw closer , whisper . king it 's in my leave ass - cheek -- whack ! danica slap King 's face , make he see star . king alright . alright , it 's in my right ass - cheek -- whack ! danica slap King again , this time knock he head the other way . he spit out blood -- king no , seriously -- ( gasp ) -- it 's in the meat of my butt , right below my Bart Simpson tattoo -- danica punch King 's mid-section . he suck air . despite he attempt at humor , he 's hurt now . his body sag -- king -- pull down my tighty - whity -- see for yourself . danica enough ! it 's not funny anymore ! behind danica , grimwood and Asher both cough . King lift he bruise face , stare up at danica through blood - shroud eye . for the first time , we get a sense of he true hatred for she . king no , it 's not , you horse -humping bitch -- ( wince as he breathes ) -- but it will be a few second from now . danica ( cough ) and what happen then , lover ? king Hammer time . ( beat ) see , that tickle in you throat you be feel right now ? danica cough again , blink repeatedly , as if she eye be irritate . she rub they , look to the other . they be feel the effect too . and grimwood 's face be smoking ! king that 's atomize colloidal silver . danica key into the rumble of the air-condition system and a hissing SOUND beneath that . she look up -- king it 's be pump into the building 's air conditioning system . angle on the HEATING register above we go macro , shrink down until we see a cloud of tiny silver particle blow into the room . the particle be dusting the vampire , be unwittingly inhale by they and -- we're back to normal as the vampire react en mass , suddenly gag , they throat and face on fire . king which mean that the fat lady should be sing right about -- grimwood have catch the worst of it . a whole lung -full . he shriek as he cough up blue- tinged flame , the flesh on he face simultaneously burn away and -- king -- now the skylight above they shatter as blade crash down . he land in a cat- like stance , then flip over into a cartwheel , kicking grimwood in the face . as grimwood go down , Asher and danica scatter -- blade tackle grimwood , send both of they over the railing into the lower level of the penthouse . int . phoenix tower - hallway - night alarm be ringing . Asher and danica rush down the hall , try not to breathe the silver - contaminate air . we see other vampire staggering from doorway , coughing , gagging . int . phoenix tower - drake' quarter - night drake hear the alarm . he reach for he sword , which rest in a nearby stand . as he head out , he stride past Zoe , still chain to the wall . int . phoenix tower - penthouse - night on the lower level , blade and grimwood be go at it . reinforcenents flood in from multiple entry way . it 's a all - out melee . blade be seriously overwhelm , but the sheer number of vampire and human be actually slow they down . blade take on a half - dozen of they at once , stun one of the familiar , use he as a human shield , tossing he aside to trip up another on-rush pair . then he pause , instantly calculate the geography of the room , the relative position of the other combatant , assess decoration and furniture as possible weapon . his battle plan ready , blade engage he enemy once again . meanwhile , on the upper level abigail appear at the lip of the smashed - in skylight . she lower herself down on a rope , rush to King 's side -- abigail you alright ? king nothing a hot tub full of bactine will not fix . abigail hit the release switch on the high - tech pillory and the cuff around he wrist open . as abigail help King out : abigail Zoe -- king drake 's get she . abigail nod , hand King she pistol . then she 's out the door . second later , King follow -- int . phoenix tower - hallway - various - night abigail pause , slip she earbud in , turn on she mp3 player . the bump - strain of fluke 's absurd track kick in . abigail uncilp she UV arc , telescope it outward and -- -- suddenly it 's like we be in a first - person shooter video game . she move through the corridor with mathematical precision , feel the music in she bone , slice through every vampire she encounter with deadly efficiency . vampire and human familiar be come out from every doorway . abigail punch one in the solar plexus , decapitate another , finish off the first . then she 's move on , take down a third , fourth , and fifth vampire with she rapid-fire stake dispenser . throw stake with blind speed . after a half - dozen stake , she dispenser be empty . without miss a beat , she press a tab on the dispenser , eject the clip , then reach to she belt where a back - up be secure and slap it in place . the mayhem continue . int . phoenix tower - penthouse - lower level - night blade unsheathes he sword . he parry two combatant with club , then whirl around , deflect a gunshot from a third with the flat of he sword . grimwood be furious . his man be trip all over themselves . he grab a antique battle axe that 's secure to the wall . he see a open , swing at blade 's head -- -- blade drop and the axe slice through one of grimwood 's own man . in a eye-blink , blade be up again , advance . he cut down another familiar , push forward , cut oown a second -- now blade and grimwood be face to face . grimwood swing he axe again . blade hook he sword beneath it , flipping it from grimwood 's hand . blade sweep he sword around in a wide arc , cutting straight through grimwood 's mid-section . the upper half of grimwood 's body topple away -- -- then he rights himself . a half -vampire . he 's still alive , run forward on he hand , trail viscera . he spring up at blade , all claw and gnash tooth . blade catch grimwood by the throat , whirl he around -- -- and manage to impale what 's leave of grimwood with he sword - point . grimwood ash in blade 's arm . the only thing leave be he steel tooth , which clatter to the floor at blade 's foot . int . phoenix tower - drake' quarter - night abigail enter , sees Zoe . two vampire guard stand nearby . in a flash , abigail fling two silver stake at they . both stake hit they mark and the vamp crumple to ash . abigail hurry over , shoot apart the lock on Zoe 's shackle . Zoe wrap she arm around abigail , hugging she tight . abigail take Zoe by the hand , pull she towards the door . abigail come on , hon . let 's get you out of here . int . phoenix tower - hallway - night King stumble out into the hallway , pull he shirt back on . as he limp down the corridor , a growl make he pause -- king Pov Beau , the vampire rottweiler , lope around the corner . then -- two more rottweiler emerge behind Beau . they be all growling now . king ( under he breath ) fuck . me. sideway . the three of they break , barking like crazy , snout split open as they jaw flower apart . CUT t0 : int . phoenix tower - atrium - upper gallery - night blade move into the upper gallery of a vast atrium . drake stand before he , wait , sword in hand . he extend it , touch the tip to the floor . a challenge . drake be you ready to die , blade ? blade be ready since the day I be bear , mother - fucker . drake ( with a smile ) then allow I to accommodate you . drake do a back - flip over the balcony . forty foot down . blade follow , draw he sword as he leap -- int . phoenix tower - atrium - ground floor - night -- and land . now the two warrior face each other , sword raise , eye lock , they stance freeze . like classic samurai . whoever move first , lose . beat . moving in on both man , circle around they . slow the heart . slow the breath . find the open . drake break first , bring he sword over in less time than it take to blink a eye . no one could possibly deflect the blow . and yet -- blade manage a counter -stroke with super-human grace . he advance , parry , he sword clanging and singing like a blacksmith 's hammer on sheet metal . cut , thrust , block , diagonal downward slashes . the move come faster . drake duck , barely avoid be decapitate . blade 's sword cut right through a column instead . drake retaliate . blade lock sword with he . for a moment , the two warrior be nose to nose . then blade twist he sword free , cut open drake 's cheek -- drake growls , back - flipping up onto a ledge . he touch he fingertip to the cut , taste he own blood . then we hear the telltale sound of cartilage popping . for a brief moment , he facial feature shift , give we yet another glimpse of he true form . as he anger increase , drake begin to devolve . he dive at blade , howling , rake he claw at blade 's face . he strike out , knocking blade across the atrium . he spring forward , drag blade up by he throat , sink he fang into blade 's shoulder . blide scream and we -- CUT to : int . phoenix tower - hallway - night -- as King run . he hazard a look back . the vampire dog be quickly gain on he . up ahead it 's a dead - end . just plate glass window and a whole lot of nothing beyond . the dog be almost on King when suddenly , King jump , snagging a overhead pipe . as he swing he body upward -- the dog skid on the floor , unable to stop they momentum , and crash straight through the plate glass window . ext . phoenix tower - penthouse - night a explosion of glass as two of the vampire rottweiler tumble into the night . they fall like stone -- twenty storey down into the traffic-clogged intersection below . int . phoenix tower - hallway - night King drop back to the floor , cackle , pleased with himself . it take he a second to realize that -- one of the rottweiler ( beau ) -- do not take a swan dive out the window . he 's right behind King . and now he 's springing forward -- wham ! King be hit in the chest by the snarling beast . he drop the pistol as he 's knock back onto the floor . the dog lunge again -- with one arm , King struggle to keep he face from be bit off , while search blindly for the discard pistol . King locate it , firing into the beast 's chest -- the rottweiler ash , disintegrate all over King 's face . King get a mouthful of the charcoal remain , try to spit they out . king ( make a face ) bad dog . CUT to : int . phoenix tower - atrium - upper gallery - night abigail emerge onto the gallery with Zoe . she spot a alcove , indicate that Zoe should hide . then she slip a silver stake into Zoe 's hand . just in case . abigail rush to the handrail , look down at blade and drake . her view be obscure . she can not get a good shot . int . phoenix tower - atrium - ground floor - night drake dig he fang into blade 's shoulder . blade struggle , manage to slip a stake from he bandolier -- wham ! blade slam the stake into drake 's ear canal . the beast shriek in pain , drop blade . but all the gambit have do be drive drake into a berserker rage . drake swing he fist . blade duck . drake 's fist go through the wall , puncturing a steam pipe . steam vent -- drake reach in , rip a eight - foot section of the pipe from the wall , bring a sparking nest of electrical cable along with it . he swing the pipe section around , whacking blade . krunch ! drake swing the makeshift club again . he 's a one man demolition crew , decimate everything in he path . he 's smashing hole in the floor , the wall , plow through partition of glass and steel . int . phoenix tower - atrium - upper gallery - night abigail move down the gallery , look up -- a series of lighting gantries span the length of the atrium ceiling . abigail balance on the handrail , then jump out into space -- -- catch hold of one of the crosspiece . like a acrobat , she monkey - swing she way beneath the gantry . if she lose she grip , she will fall more than fifty foot . BA - bang ! a bullet strike just in front of abigail , shower she with SPARKS . more bullet follow . angle on pair of vampire firing from below , try to pick she off . suddenly , UV bullet strike each of the vampire . as they ash we -- whip - pan back to king , have drag he batter body out onto the upper gallery . he 's play guardian angel to abigail , lay down cover fire so she can continue . but then -- danica king !!! danica appear behind King . she tackle he , wrestle he to the floor , pummel he face with she fist . King try to ward of for the blow , but he 's sorely outmatch . he swing he electronic pistol up -- danica twist it from he grip , eject the clip from the stock . King 's sun dog bullet spill out all over the floor . she toss the gun aside , reach for King again -- int . phoenix tower - lighting gantry - night back to abigail . she 's breathe heavily , try to call up new reserve of strength . she glance down -- Big mistake . she force herself to look back up . she swing herself pendulum - style , manage to snag yet another crosspiece . a shot ring out -- angle on asher , down below , armed with a rifle . he fire again -- -- graze abigail 's shoulder with the bullet . abigail cry out , nearly lose she grip . int . phoenix tower - atrium - upper gallery - night King roll on he side , spit out a bloody tooth . king no offense , danica -- ( gasp in pain ) -- but I have want to kill you since the moment we sleep together . danica I be that bad , huh ? King reach a palsie hand for he discard pistol , point it vaguely in danica 's direction . she laugh . danica no bullet in you gun , King . king yeah , but here 's the beauty -- ( wiping he bloody mouth ) -- this baby can be trigger remotely . King pull the trigger . the scattered sun dog bullet erupt with UV light . danica shriek , try to shield she already burn face from the glare . she run , horribly wounded . int . phoenix tower - atrium - ground floor - night drake pummel blade , fling he body about like a ragdoll . he grab blade by he ankle , swing he upwards some thirty foot -- smash ! blade collide with the underside of a massive hang glass chandelier / lighting fixture . blade fall back to the ground , stunne , drop he sword . drake pounce on he . blade can barely fend off drake 's blow anymore . in desperation he dig he finger into drake 's eye . drake swing both fist downward , hulk -style , shatter a entire section of the limestone flooring . a SHOCK - wave ripple out from the point of impact , send wave of two - foot stone tile flipping up into the air , knock blade off he foot . int . phoenix tower - atrium - upper gallery - night King load a sun dog into he pistol , steady he aim on the railing , and fire at Asher -- the SUN dog scream across the atrium , strike dead -center in Asher 's open mouth . the bullet explode . UV light cause Asher 's skull to burn up from the inside out . his headless corpse fall forward over the gallery railing . then it too carbonize and burn up . relieved , King sink to he knee . behind king , we see Zoe slip from the alcove . she make for the stair . int . phoenix tower - lighting gantry - night King have buy abigail more time . she swing she body forward , hook she leg over the next crosspiece . then she let go with she hand . now she be hang upside down , secure only by the tension in she calve . abigail reach behind she , remove she bow . blood from she wounded shoulder drip down over she collar bone , reach she cheek , briefly obscure she vision . she wipe it away . then she reach back once more and -- -- because she quiver be point downward , a number of arrow slide out . abigail panic , twist she body -- -- manage to lust barely snag the ~la~ue arrow as it tumble past she ! beat . abigail shut she eye , try to find she center . with she eye close , she nock the arrow and draw the bow back . then she open she eye . she 's only go to get one shot -- and she 's go to have to take it while hang upside down . 168 a abigail' Pov 168 a on drake and blade below , lock in combat . she track they progress , wait for drake to move into a better position -- int . phoenix tower - atrium - ground floor - night drake shoulder a support column , snapping it in two . a entire section of the gallery walkway above come crashing down , bury blade in debris -- -- but it 's not enough for drake . he leap forward , fishing blade out , haul he up -- drake head - butt blade -- once , twice . blade 's eye roll to white . drake look down , sees blade 's discard sword . drake scoops it up , strike at blade -- blade manage to roll to the side , avoid the blow . drake strike again , deal blade a glance blow -- int . phoenix tower - lighting gantry - night on abigail . wait . more blood have trickle down she neck , into she eye . but she can not wipe they anymore . she 's already get she bow draw . she 's commit to the shot . we can hear abigail' heartbeat as she settles . she take a final breath , hold it -- and let the plague arrow fly . on the plague arrow as it streak downward , hurtle towards drake at more than 300 foot per second . then , at the last possible instant -- int . phoenix tower - atrium - ground floor - night chingg ! drake deflect the arrow with he sword . it harmlessly fall to the floor , roll a few yard away . on abigail , stunne , she expression melting into despair . back to drake swinging blade 's sword around . plunging it into blade 's side . as he pull it back out again -- blade gasp , sink downward . he 's on he knee now , in shock . drake roar again shifting , conjure up seventy century of violence and predation . and the nightmare shape that be only hint at before , finally take center-stage . blood suffuse drake 's flesh , turn he skin crimson . his canine elongate , he lower jaw distend . jag bone spur erupt all over he body -- like he 's grow a suit of razor - sharp thorns . he do not need a sword anymore . he 's become a live weapon . drake be go . now he be -- the beast drake swing the sword overhead . he 's go to decapitate blade . and just as the sword reach the top of its arc -- zoe emerge from the shadow behind drake , clutching a silver stake . she shove it into drake 's back , push with all the strength she little body can muster . drake stagger . the blow be not lethal , but it hurt all the same . he turn on Zoe , enraged , he attention distract for one crucial second -- on blade , summoning the last of he reserve . he pitch he body forward , manage to snag the end of the plague arrow . and before drake even realize what be happen -- wham ! blade sink the plague arrow deep into drake 's chest . drake drop the sword , turn back to face blade -- exhausted beyond measure , blade sag . inside drake' chest - macro shot as the arrowhead dispense the bio-weapon . we see the virus flooding drake 's internal organ , cause they to blacken as he circulatory system carry it throughout he body . on drake' face , let loose a inhuman scream , vomit up a spray of blood mist . his monstrous feature begin to melt , reshaping into he more familiar face . at the same time we -- go macr0 once more shrink until we be amidst the spray of blood drake expell . we continue shrink until we be move with the individual molecule of drake 's breath as the plague virion latch onto they , cause they to blacken and become necrotic . move with the twirling molecule until they be inhale by -- danica , have retreat from she defeat by King . she clutches she throat . we can see the virus infiltrate she system as tiny black thread expand across she face . she sway , fall onto the floor . she reach a beseech hand towards King -- -- then die , a final still - bear curse on she lip . more vampire be feel the effect now too . one by one they drop , choke , go into convulsion . as they writhe on the floor , we watch the daystar virus ravaging they body . back to blade and drake drake slump against the wall . hero and villain be now separate by only a few foot . both at death 's door . drake well do , hunter . well do . blade stare back . at this point , he 's just try to remain conscious . he 's lose a ton of blood . drake you fight with honor -- drake shudder , he breathe become increasingly shallow . drake -- as I know you would . the human be come for you , you know . in they eye , you and I be the same . allow I one last indulgence , then -- ( gasp ) -- a parting gift -- drake grow still , he eye lock on blade 's . abigail and king rush to blade 's side . Zoe join they . blade be die , fade fast . abigail shake blade -- abigail blade ! her voice sound distant and mute , overrid by blade 's own heartbeat which be fade up , dominate the soundtrack . abigail blade !!! blade 's eye can not focus anymore . they be clouding over . blade' Pov we drop away from abigail and King -- like we be fall down a dark tunnel . then the world fade to white . ext . cityscape - dawn fade in from white . we see the sky , the burn orb of the rise sun . a trio of FBI helicopter ride out from the dawn , swoop down over the stir city . abigail ( v.0 . ) it do not take long for the authority to arrive . int . lead helicopter - dawn cumberland sit in the front passenger seat , hale behind he . ext . phoenix tower - plaza - dawn as the helicopter touch down in the plaza we see a small convoy of police and FBI vehicle converge around they . cumberland and hale be among the first out . they rush towards the Phoenix tower entrance , gun draw , dozen of agent and officer behind they . int . phoenix tower - atrium - dawn the first ray of sun penetrate through the atrium window set the scattered vampire corpse ablaze . danica , Asher , and the other all ignite . abigail ( v.0 . ) when they get there , all of drake 's people be dead . by the time cumberland and he man have enter , fan out through the atrium , all they find be a series of corpse shape pile of ash and singe mark . abigail ( v.0 . ) in the week that follow , the rest of the world 's vampire also perish . ( beat ) we would finally win . on cumberland , surveying the scene , frustrated by what he 's find . then we hear shout come from the back of the atrium . at the back of the atrium they find blade . he 's dead , slump against a wall . there 's no sign of drake . the vampire king be go . int . FBI morgue - day close on blade 's face , he body be wheeled on a autopsy gurney . pull back to reveal that we be in a FBI morgue . cumberland and hale stand nearby , oversee everything as -- a trio of medical examiner lift blade 's body onto a autopsy table . they turn on a bank of overhead UV light . the lead examiner reach for a scalpel . but as he touch the scalpel to blade 's chest -- abigail ( v.0 . ) and blade ? cumberland and hale finally get they body -- blade' face change . we hear a series of pop and crack as subdermal cartilage begin to loosen and shift . at the same time , the skin begin to lighten as melanin be gradually leach away . abigail ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) -- but it be not the one they be banking on . on cumberland and the other as they react with vary degree of shock . back to the body we realize that it 's not blade lie before they . it 's drake . somehow , even in death , the vampire king manage to take blade 's shape and temporarily retain it . abigail ( v.o. ) the virus do not kill blade . but the authority very well could have . so in the end , realize that own he people be doom , drake decide to give blade a gift . ( beat ) abigail ( cont d ) by take blade 's shape , he buy blade enough time to escape . offer blade a second chance at life - - dissolve to : ext . seaside cliff - day a bright summer day . blade stand at the edge of a cliff , look out over a sun-struck ocean . for the first time since we have see he , he 's not wear armor or sunglass or handgun or rifle . and be it not for the sword he hold , we might even mistake he for a ordinary man . abigail ( v.0 . ) and so blade take it . blade fling he sword over the cliff , into the ocean below . abigail ( v.0 . ) we never see he again . underwater we see the sword sink , reflect the refracted sunlight from above as it twirl end over end . back to blade at peace with himself at last . after a moment 's reflection , he turn and walk away . abigail ( v.0 . ) he disappear completely . ( beat ) but that 's what heroes do . they simply fade out . and in this way -- a series of dissolves as blade move further and further away from we , dwindling into the horizon until he disappear entirely . abigail ( v.0 . ) -- they become legend . fade to black . over darkness we hear the sound of traffic . ext . the slaughtered lamb - night fade in . we be move towards a local punk dive wedge into a crowded block in the meat pack district . a doorman ( lucius ) stand outside , check customer ' id . we hear hillbilly thrash music come from within . angle on king and abigail approach . King hold he four-barreled rifle . abigail peel away , disappear into a alley as King near the front door . the doorman recognize King , know he 's trouble . king even lucius . lucius King , what the hell be you do here ? king just a little sport hunt . int . club crowbar - night a band belt out a cover of Sam and the sham ' Little Red Riding Hood . the band member look a little lupine . as King weave he way through the crowd , lucius hurry alongside . lucius ai not no vampire leave , King . so who do you have to hunt ? king that 's a interesting question , my friend . and I have get a question for you in return . int . club crowbar - back area - night as King push he way through to the bathroom , we hear a unearthly roar come from the men' room . king what do you get when you cross a vampire with a werewolf ? the door to the men' room explode OPEN . abigail come fly out . she hit the far wall of the hallway , slide to th floor . but she 's up in a instant , pull a knife on -- king ( raise he four- barrel ) a fur coat that stick to you neck . a hill - billy hipster be -creature , wear a blood -soak stray cat -style suit . the ephedrine nightmare creature look at King , open he elongate snout to flash a set of razor - sharp canid tooth . king do not you know fur be murder ? as King fire point-blank into the be - creature we -- CUT to black . cue music . end credit roll