blade ----- by David S. goyer darkness , blood -curdling scream . presentation credit roll as we fade up on : int . hospital , inner - CITY trauma ward - night it 's 1967 , the summer of Love and -- boom ! entry door swing open as paramedics wheel in a female bleeder , vanessa ( 20 , black , nine month pregnant ) . she 's deathly pale , spew fount of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- a SHOCK - trauma team swarm over she , insert a vacutainer into a artery to draw blood , wrapping a blood pressure cuff around she arm -- nurse # 1 ( with stethoscope ) she 's not breathe ! senior resident intubate she ! the respiratory therapist feed a endotracheal tube down the woman 's ruin throat , attaches that to a amblu bag -- resident blood-pressure 's forty and fall -- the woman start spasming violently . it take three staff member just to hold she down . senior resident Jesus , she water 's break -- ( call for help ) she 's go into uterine contraction -- camera push in on the woman as she bolt upright , scream to wake the dead . we plunge into the darkness of she mouth and find ourselves -- inside her bloodstream the sound of a heart beat , pound as we whip - snake through -- corpuscle float in amber plasma . erythrocyte , leukocyte , neutrophil and eosinophil . the rhythmic expansion of the artery wall , pulsing with each successive surge of blood as the heart beat faster and faster , take we -- in utero , a child , alive but unborn , shifting in a sea of amniotic fluid , surround by the white , protective substance know as vernix caseosa . the heartbeat race like a locomotive now . the unborn child shift , turn its head towards we -- -- and open its eye . CUT to : a swordblade cleave the darkness , radiant light slice across gleam Damascus steel . word acid-etch in the weapon 's fine - tempere surface : blade Main credit end . ext . inner CITY , industrial ghetto - night a decaye no man 's land populate by condemn building and hungry homeless . steam rise from manhole cover , drift across the litter - line street . suddenly -- a black mercede 850 appear over the crest of a hill , roaring past we , stereo system belting out filter . int . mercede - night raquel , a wasp - waste woman , sit behind the wheel . 20 , rich , sickeningly attractive . hungry eye . squirm around in the passenger seat be dennis , a model / actor boy - toy with a sub-zero iq and a " fuck I sideways " grin . dennis so where we go ? raquel it 's a surprise . dennis I like surprise . raquel eyeball Dennis -- " if look could devour " . raquel what do you have down there , little man ? dennis heat-seeker . raquel I will bet . raquel slide a manicure hand up he thigh , squeeze he groin . Dennis moan . she pull she hand away , downshift . ext . vacant lot - night the 850 thread a narrow alley into a vacant lot , brake hard . raquel and Dennis climb out . she lead he into -- ext . meat packing plant - night Industry never sleep , and certainly not this grisly facility . raquel lead Dennis around the back of the plant , where a host of worker be load refrigerate truck with product . dennis what the fuck be we do here ? raquel just smile , head on into the plant via a load door . the worker ignore she . int . meat packing plant - night Dennis follow raquel through the bowel of the plant , catch glimpsis here and there of carcass be render or hack apart . through one partially open door we see what might be a line of bodybags be trundle into the back of a truck via a hook and chain pulley - system . but Dennis do not have enough time to be disturb by the vision , because he 's be pull away by raquel , lead down -- a stairwell we be in the basement now . at the end of the hall be a steel door , with perhaps , just the faintest hint of music hear come from beyond . raquel knock . a " peep-hole " slat open and a black light shine into raquel 's eye . a voice behind the door offer a verbal challenge , speak a language we have never hear , lace with a devilish cadence . raquel respond in kind . the door open . raquel give Dennis a know wink , enter . Dennis follow . int . club - night raquel and Dennis move past a hulk doorman , make they way down a narrow stairway . Dennis be suitably impressed . the club be elite , underground -- a " abattoir - chic " version of a old - time juke joint with a greasy , dangerous vibe . White - tile wall and floor for easy hose , chrome fitting , run - off gutter , drain . no bar . body writhe on the strobe - light dance floor . a heavy s&amp ; m scene . leather . latex . tattoos . body-piercings . a d.j. wear head - mount spotlight orchestrate the tune on twin- deck . music assault we -- a beat so heavy it could jar the filling from you tooth . brutal " darkcore " along the line of prodigy or Underground . raquel pull Dennis out onto the dance floor . they sway . a lupine - feature gaultier girl with a streak of white run through she raven hair move in behind Dennis , press up against he . Rachel Williams as the angel of death -- we will call she MERCURY . mercury flick she tongue against Dennis ' ear -- it 's be pierce with a silver post which click against she tooth . tattooe across she back in black be a swirl , tribal vortex . Dennis be now sandwich between raquel and mercury , the three of they dry-hump they way to every man 's glory . the beat get louder . the action heavier . the atmosphere more narcotic . people be stripping off they clothes , sweat like fiend . it 's a virtual orgy . Dennis laugh , reveling in the hedonism . everything rise to a fever pitch -- dennis ( over the music ) fuck , I need a drink !!! raquel just smile -- then Dennis notice a drop of something spatter he hand . it look like blood . Dennis look up , concerned -- -- more blood droplet be fall . raquel 's face be sprinkle with they now . Dennis stop dance . what be this ? some kind of fuck up performance art ? raquel turn she face toward the ceiling , as if wash herself in a summer shower , now the other club goer be look up too -- blood shower down from sprinkler head in the ceiling , drench the dancer . the club goer love it , thrust they head back , mouth open wide to receive the crimson offer . horrify , Dennis recoil , turn towards -- raquel , whose face morph into a preternatural snarl . her canine extend , taper to razor - sharp point . her tongue flick , lizard - like as fingernails sharpen into claw . all this while the white of she eye bleed red , pupil oscillate hypnotically . raquel what 's wrong , baby ? Dennis scream , push away from raquel , only -- -- mercury have fang now too . in fact , everyone in the club do , with the exception of poor Dennis . that 's because they be all vampire . Dennis try to run , but the burly doorman block he exit , brutally smash he fist into Dennis ' face . Dennis fall , daze . the club-goer close in around he . they make a game of it , shove he from one person to another , they pale face leer like twisted jack -o- lantern . the strobe light quicken to a seizure - induce intensity . Dennis spin , tumble into raquel 's arm . she shove he forward -- Dennis land on the floor , fall at someone 's boot - clad foot . he look up . a dark figure sit in the shadow , unnotice until this moment . the figure stand , move into the light as time screech to a halt -- a black man , tower above Dennis , wear dark glass and a leather longcoat -- a sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempere by a lifetime of horror . his name be blade . blade whip open he long coat , shrugging it off , revealing a arsenal of high - tech weapon strapped to he body : 6 - point adjustable body armor , a modify car - 15 assault rifle with a ultra-violet entry light , two casull .454 revolver , a " demon " automatic cross -bow , a bandoleer of mahogany stake , a indian - style katar punch dagger -- and last , but certainly not least , he namesake -- a silver sword which be secure in a back -scabbard . close on blade a gaze as cold and pitiless as a midnight sun . the vampire club-goer stare back . nuclear silence . and then -- all hell break loose . with a snarl , raquel charge at blade , move at superhuman speed , practically a blur -- blade draw he casull , fire in multiple direction -- macro bullet shot as a round roar through the air towards raquel . a silver - tip dum - dum bullet which explode on contact . wham ! the round punch a fist-size hole through raquel 's chest , continue on into the vamp behind she ! vampire blood fountain . both creature tumble forward , they body liquefy into puddle of black oil which go gurgle down the run-off drain . blade continue firing , then - click !- magazine empty . next . he holster the casull , swing up he assault rifle , calmly flick on the UV entry light mount above -- MERCURY leap twenty foot straight up into the air . we have never see anything move so fast . she crash through a glass skylight , disappear into the night just as -- -- a shaft of blind UV " sunlight " cut across the vampire . they rear back , skin smoking from the light 's corrosive effect . blade open FIRE , pump round after round of wooden fragmentation bullet into the crowd -- vampire genocide . the strobe light flicker as the mayhem mount . some of the vampire try to flee , scurrying up the stair , but the exit quickly become clogge with liquefy body -- -- then blade 's car - 15 jam . the remain club-goer see they open , surge forward en masse -- blade drop the rifle , reach over he shoulder and - schinggg !- unsheathes he sword with a double-handed grip . the sword four acid -etched foot of blood - soak Damascus steel . a edge so sharp it could cleave a shadow in two . blade move like lightning , hack he way into two charging vampire . blade spin again , cut another vampire clean in half -- on the far end of the club , a latex -clad vamp make a break for it . blade fling he sword , send it spin end over end -- thunk ! the sword punch into the vampire 's heart . the hellish creature convulse , die . beat . blade retrieve he sword , then sense -- something big rise up behind he . in a flash , blade swing he sword downward , cut off the vampire 's right hand at the elbow . the severe limb fall to the floor -- -- but it do not slow the hulk creature down . it slam into blade . blade fly backwards thirty foot , tumble over table , slamm into the rear wall so hard that plaster rain down from the ceiling . blade suddenly find himself wrestle with a feral - face six - foot - something nightmare name quinn . the vampire rear back its head , jaw stretch wide . every inch of he face be cover with ritual scarification pattern and maori-like tribal tattoo . blade force a elbow against quinn 's throat , try to keep he at bay . with he other hand he reach to he bandoleer , pull out a stake -- crunch ! blade shove the stake through the vampire 's larynx . quinn gurgle , clutches at he throat . blade roll out from under , unholster the cross - bow secure to he leg . with a flick of a switch the arm of the bow - SNAP !- open , draw the bow-stre taut . blade fire -- the bolt hit quinn in the shoulder , throw he backwards and nail he to the wall . as quinn reach over with he other hand to pull out the stake -- blade fire again . a second bolt slam into quinn 's other arm , effectively pin he like a butterfly to a board . up above , mount in one of the corner , be a security camera . blade fire a cross - bow bolt straight into the lens . blade stride over , place he sword against quinn 's chest . blade where be deacon frost ? quinn glare , try to speak , gag on the stake still lodge in he trachea -- blade get something in you throat . blade yank the stake free . the vampire laugh , air whistling through he ruin larynx . quinn fuck you , Day -walker , I be not say shit -- blade frost . quinn respond with a slew of rapid-fire vampire invective . blade see he 's get nowhere fast , calmly sheathes he sword . he unclip a white phosphorous grenade from he combat harness -- quinn you will not stop he , blade . the tide 's rise , the sleeper 's gonna -- blade shove the grenade in quinn 's mouth , pull the pin . whoosh ! quinn go up like a roman candle . blade turn , surveying he work , ignore the howling pyre behind he : all evidence of the vampire be go -- with the exception of a few oily - black puddle . clothes , jewelry -- it 's all be burn away by the acidic process of the creature ' accelerate decomposition . dennis sit huddle in a corner , have piss he pants . as blade approach , he cringe back -- dennis please do not -- blade simply grab Dennis by the jaw , tilting he head upward , rotate it from side to side -- look for bite mark . there be not any . blade move on , leave Dennis alone amidst the carnage . as blade start up the stair , he pause in mid-step -- a cockroach scurries out from underfoot . blade adjust he footfall , spare the roach . he continue on up the stair , disappear in the smoky haze . CUT to : int . CITY hospital , autopsy room - night camera follows a bag corpse as it 's roll into the autopsy room by a assistant . assistant bring you a baked potato , nice and crispy . still warm , too . curtis webb , the forensic pathologist ( 30 , white bread , a little on the smarmy side ) step forward , unzip the bag -- it 's quinn , what 's leave of he , anyway . burnt to a charcoal briquette , limb twisted horribly , ooze fluid . curtis turn he head , grimace , wafting the air . curtis Jesus , that 's rank -- curtis turn back , make note of the blacken stump where quinn 's arm use to be , the ruin throat -- curtis what 's he story ? assistant paramedics say he be still scream when they find he . look like some joker have staple he to a wall . curtis pretty . CUT to : int . hospital , hematology lab - night microscope Pov of a slide - mount blood smear stain with wright stain ( blue ink ) . what we see be a collection of donut - shape pink thing ( red blood cell ) intermingled with some small blue speck ( platelet ) and the occasional larger , light - blue blob ( white blood cell ) . karen jansen ( 20 ) , a fine - feature hematologist with a social life in suspend animation , sit back from the microscope , stump . next to she be julie whitaker , a cheerful chemtech . karen you take this off a doa ? curtis sit on a stool nearby , slowly nodd . karen this be not human blood . curtis then what be it ? karen I do not know -- ( be : microscope ) look at this blood smear -- curtis take a look for himself . karen the red blood cell be biconvex , which be theoretically impossible . they be hypochromic , there 's virtually no hemoglobin in they . ( shaking she head ) look at the pmn , they be binucleate , they should be mononucleated . curtis what about the chemistry panel ? Karen look to Julie , who reach for a computer print-out . julie blood sugar level be three time the norm , phosphorous and uric acid be off the scale . ( shrug ) like the woman say , impossible . Karen remove she glass , rub the bridge of she nose . karen curtis , it 's three in the morning . I be really not in the mood for one of you practical joke . curtis ( insistent ) it 's not a joke . I have get the stiff sit in the morgue right now -- look , just come up and see he , okay ? five minute , that 's all I ask . karen I think you promise to give I some distance ? curtis this be purely professional curiosity , Karen , I swear . Karen roll she eye , let loose a tired sigh . karen five minute , not a second more . and I do not want to hear a word about " we " . curtis no problem . int . hospital morgue - night the dead of night , not a mouse in the house . curtis and Karen , each garbe in a mask , stand on either side of quinn 's body , which now rest on the autopsy table . quinn' body a preliminary exploratory y-incision have be make across the chest , stretch from shoulder to shoulder , then continue on down the abdomen . rib and cartilage have be cut open to expose the heart and lung . karen you have not start in on the internal organ ? curtis just the blood sample from the pericardial sac . curtis pause , study quinn 's disfigure face -- the feature seem much less damage now -- almost as if the corpse be heal itself . curtis that 's weird -- karen what ? curtis he look different now , burn be less extreme , some of this wound have close up -- curtis pull out a penlight , flick it on . he lean over quinn , shine the light into one of he eye . curtis tell I something , honestly , you ever have second thought about we ? karen ( grudgingly ) sometimes -- curtis look up from the corpse , grin beneath he mask . karen -- but then I remember what a ass-hole you be and I be snap back to reality . curtis Jesus , Karen , you be break my heart here -- quinn suddenly bolt up from the autopsy table , sink he fang into curtis ' jugular . he snap the man 's neck in two for easier access , suck in blood like a live vacuum . Karen stumble backwards , send autopsy tool clatter . quinn rise from the table , fling curtis ' twitching body aside . he curl he blood - soak lip back , bare viper - like fang , emit a guttural growl -- quinn ( craze by thirst ) -- more -- blood -- Karen back into the corpse drawer , but quinn be upon she in a half - second , wrapping a hand about she throat . his mouth open / morph disturbingly wide as if to swallow she head whole , caustic saliva drip from he canine -- Karen try to turn she head away , but quinn 's grip be vise-like . she find herself stare into he eye -- pupil pulsing rapid-fire , open and close , hypnotic -- as quinn sink the tip of he fang into Karen 's carotid artery and start to nurse -- bang !!! a load of mahogany buckshot chew into quinn 's side . he howl in pain . another load catch he full in the face . he drop Karen . she fall to the floor -- karen' Pov the sound of rushing blood pound through she skull . everything spin . she struggle to move , turn she head , find herself eye to eye with curtis ' corpse . on quinn rise , he face tear up , smoking . whip pan to -- blade , stand at the entrance to the morgue , a streetsweeper auto-shotgun in hand , size quinn up . blade now do not we look dapper ? quinn bellows with rage , rip one of the heavy steel refrigeration door from its hinge , fling it at blade like it be lawn furniture -- blade roll to the side as the door crash against the wall . quinn run , move through the morgue like a human tornado , head for the window at the end of the room -- smash !!! out go quinn , take half the wall with he . blade rush to the decimate window , look down -- blade' Pov quinn land on the roof of a ambulance park four storey below , cave it in . he spring off , lope across the tarmac on three limb , then - screech !- thwump !- roll up onto the hood of a oncoming car , before disappear into the night -- back up above , blade spin , sees Karen bleed she life away on the floor . she reach a hand out to he , beseech -- blade pull away from she grasp , take a step towards the exit -- then hesitates . a flicker of doubt wash across blade 's face . he look down at Karen once more , wrestle with he conscience , finally make a decision . he kneel , scoops Karen up into he arm . just then , two policemen rush into the morgue , weapon draw -- uniform # 1 hold it , ass-hole ! blade ignore they , turn to face the window before he . it 's a good thirty foot to the roof of the adjacent building , a parking structure -- and damned if blade do not seem to be consider the jump . the Police close in , agitate . blade crouch , switch Karen to a one - hand grip -- uniform # 1 I say hold it !!! -- and jump . ext . hospital / rooftop parking structure - night blade clear the impossible distance -- almost . he snag the ledge of the adjacent parking structure with he leave hand even as Karen slip from the grasp of he right -- -- a last - second save , he finger clamping around she wrist , be all that stand between Karen and street pizza . she scream anyway , dangle below he -- blade grunt , swinging Karen like a pendulum , heaving she up and over the ledge as if she be a sack of potato . she land on she shoulder , clutching it in pain -- blade heave himself up , crouching beside she . karen ( gasp ) my shoulder -- dislocate -- blade place a hand on she shoulder , another around she elbow and without any consideration to discomfort - crack !- brutally pop it back in place . Karen scream again as he scoops she up once more and head for -- he ' 69 oldsmobile 442 , which be park nearby . Midnight -black . the definitive high - performance heavy - metal muscle machine with a engine big enough to power a Apollo rocket . int . blade' old - night blade set Karen down in the passenger seat , climb behind the wheel , key the ignition . the engine roar to life , belching fume through the dual exhaust . blade floor it , burn serious rubber as the old vanish from sight . back at the demolished morgue window as the two policeman stare numbly in open-mouthed astonishment . CUT to : ext . CITY street - night blade pilot the old down the street , move through a series of increasingly degenerate neighborhood , come at last to the sprawling warehouse district . ext . abandoned factory - night the old approach a mammoth industrial facility that 's be cordon off by cyclone fencing and razor wire . ultra-violet floodlight illuminate the area , while a army of security camera keep a watchful eye . int . blade' old - night blade glance at Karen , cursing himself for give into he emotion . he hit a remote secure to the sun visor -- ext . blade' old / abandoned factory - night a gate grind open . we follow the old as it cruise around the back of the building , head down a concrete load ramp . at the bottom of the ramp , a heavy iron door rise . blade 's old disappear into the darkness . int . abandoned factory , industrial elevator - night more UV light flicker on . we be in a massive load elevator which hum as it ascend , eventually reach its destination with a booming clang . the door at the rear glide open . blade guide the old out . int . abandoned factory , whistler' workshop - night set up in a old ironwork , the place look like a cross between a auto junkyard and a armory . equipment be strewn everywhere -- lathes , mill , old furnace , gut vehicle , a ad hoc surgical theater -- all of it jerry - rig in a brutal , oily - tech . blade climb out of the old . he open the passenger door and pull Karen out , carry she in he arm . blade whistler ! whistler ( o.s. ) be we bring home stray now ? abraham whistler ( 60 ) hobble out of the shadow , lean heavily on a cane . gimlet -ey , bitter , he right leg encase in a metal brace . though he face be line with wrinkle and he hair have long since go gray , we sense he could kick the live shit out of any man half he age . blade she 's be bitten . whistler you should have kill she , then . blade she have not turn yet . ( pointedly ) you can help she . blade and whistler stare each other down . finally , whistler turn and head over to the operate theater . whistler no promise . you watch she close . she start to turn , you finish she off . blade nod , lay Karen down on the operate table . whistler turn on a overhead light . Karen be sheathed in sweat , ashen . she 's lose a lot of blood . whistler snap on a pair of surgical glove , probe the wound in Karen 's neck with a antiseptic swab -- there 's capillary damage around the perimeter of the wound , the tissue look bruise , gangrenous . whistler localize necrosis . she 's borderline . another hour and she would be well into the change . whistler crack open a smell salt capsule and wave under Karen 's nose . as she start to stir -- whistler can you hear I , woman ? Karen 's eye open wide . she 's scared , disorient -- karen what -- ? whistler you have be bitten by a vampire . we have get to try and burn out the venom , just like a rattlesnake bite -- whistler reach for a massive syringe fill with caustic-look fluid . Karen see the syringe , resist -- whistler hold she . blade force Karen back . whistler ready the syringe . whistler ( read she name tag ) " Dr. Karen jansen " . listen close , I be go to inject you with a antidote make from allium setivum -- garlic . this be go to hurt . a lot . whistler sink the needle into Karen 's neck and depress the plunger . " hurt " do not begin to describe what Karen experience next . imagine undergo childbirth while someone pump battery acid through you vein . Karen shriek , she body go into uncontrolled paroxysm . the wound on she neck begin to smoke as the antidote attack the poisonous vampire venom . Karen clutches at blade 's arm , digging she nail in . she stare up at he with unflinch intensity , like a child desperately search for assurance . on blade , uncomfortable play the roll of nursemaid . he would like nothing more than to be do with this , but the only thing he can do be hold Karen while she ride out the seizure . karen' Pov grow darker by the moment . the last thing she see be blade stare down at she -- then the night close in . int . house of erebus , meeting room - night close on a monitor feature footage take at the vampire club massacre . blade turn and stare into the camera , fire he cross - bow . the screen cut to static . a withered , clawe hand move into frame , hold a remote . with a tap of a button , the monitor go dark . pull back to reveal a large , minimalist conference room -- the House of erebus , seat of the vampire race 's legislative assembly . gather around a massive table be the twelve vampire elder , represent a " rainbow " of racial color -- name like pallintine , von esper , ashe , bava . two of they , the faustinas , be identical twin -- lethal - look woman with alabaster skin . chill carafe fill with blood be situate along the table . from time to time , a member will pour themselves a glass , or perhaps , help themselves to the bowl of human finger bone which serve as snack . at the head of the table be gaetano dragonetti , current vampire " overlord " . blood-re eye , parchment skin stretch over skull - like feature . incalculably ancient , but still deadly and virile as a viper . dragonetti speak . he use the " secret tongue " -- the ancient vampire language which utilize consonant human vocal chord be incapable of reproduce . dragonetti ( subtitle ) blade . once again , we interest have fall victim to he ridiculous crusade . he must be destroy . frost ( o.s. ) ( in English ) you be wrong , dragonetti . all head turn . who would dare such impudence ? deacon frost , a mere " underlord " in the vampire hierarchy , step forward . strikingly handsome , young , less conservative than he superior , fuel with a passionate intensity . amongst the vampire community he 's know as a agitator . he 's also the vampire equivalent of a racial supremacist . frost the Day Walker represent a unique opportunity . we would be fool to waste it by kill he . dragonetti ( subtitle , take umbrage ) deacon frost . you refuse to speak we language , you insult the House of erebus by use the human ' gutter - tongue , have you no respect for tradition ? frost why should I respect something which have outlive its purpose ? this cause quite a stir amongst the other vampire . frost might as well have slap dragonetti in the face . dragonetti ( simmer ) I see . and what would you have we do with this " half - breed " ? frost Study he . unlock the secret of he DNA . he 's the key we have be look for . dragonetti he be a abomination ! dragonetti slam he fist down , toppling a carafe , spilling blood across the tabletop . frost look to the other -- frost why should we spend we life cring from the daylight when he blood offer we a alternative ? enough talk . it 's time we step out of the shadow ! dragonetti look apoplectic . elder pallintine , a five-hundred year - old vampire inhabit the body of a prepubescent boy , interject . pallintine you be out of line , frost . frost be I ? or be I just the first to say out loud what we have all be think ? the fact that no one answer be tell . dragonetti glower at the other elder , sense the tide turn . dragonetti the shadow suit we , frost . we have exist this way for thousand of year . who be you to challenge we way ? frost someone who 's sick of live off scrap . the come age belong to we , not the human ! ( to the other ) when the final war between we race come , who do you want lead the charge ? frost stab a accuse finger at the overlord . frost some withere up fossil ready to snap like a brittle bone at the first sign of change ? dragonetti growls like a beast , rake he claw across the tyro vampire 's face , knock he to the ground . dragonetti get out !!! frost pick himself up , touch the gashes on he cheek . look at he finger , lick the blood from they . frost careful , old fang . you might wake up one day and find yourself extinct . frost smile at dragonetti and calmly exit the room . int . whistler' workshop , blade' cell - day on karen as she come to . her wound have be bandage . she rise , a little shaky , take in she surroundings -- she 's in a spartan room , like a monk 's cell . on the wall be a collection of knife and dagger . some of they wooden , they hilt inscribe with bizarre - look rune . in the center of this weapon rest -- blade' sword , hang like a cross in a chapel , dominate all else . Karen touch it . then she eye drop to a silver locket which dangle from the hilt by a tarnish chain . she reach for it , open it -- the locket feature a photo , old and fade . it 's the black woman we see in the prologue , vanessa , stand in the sunshine . Karen move towards the door , cautious -- int . whistler' workshop - day we hear voice now , come from beyond a series of black - out curtain . Karen push one aside and sees -- blade strapped into some kind of inquisition - esque restraint chair . his shirt be off , he body slick with sweat . whistler finish strapping blade in , then stand back , hold up a gas-power pistol injector , hesitant -- whistler I have to increase the dose . you be building up a resistance to the serum -- blade ( impatient ) just do it , old man . whistler nod , fitting blade with a bite guard . then he press the pistol - injector against blade 's carotid artery . blade shake violently , grind he tooth through the bite guard , vein cord in he neck . he clutches whistler 's hand , hold it tightly as he fight he way through the hellish seizure . to he credit , whistler never let go . mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum run its violent course . we understand that this share moment , oddly private in they horror , be the glue which bind the two vampire hunter together . finally , blade slump forward in he restraint , exhaust . karen she draw back , instinctively know that she 's just witness something she should not have . she look for a exit , sees another doorway . she make for it -- int . whistler be lab - tank room - day a dusty , darken hole of a room , no window , just shadow , crumble concrete , rust stain , and -- a large tank fill with swirl blood plasma , choke with electrical lead and biomedical sensor . something float within , suspend in the murky fluid -- a child , two or three year of age , drift about like a medical oddity preserve in formaldehyde -- thump ! the child slam up against the glass . Karen backpedal , startle . its eye be open now , pupil blow . it snarl , revealing a mouthful of razore fang , trail mouth - slime across the glass as it futilely try to chew its way through to Karen . Karen stifles a sob , turn and run right into -- blade , who now block the exit , sword in hand . Karen retreat a step , wary -- blade you should not be here . karen I be sorry , I -- whistler ( o.s. ) wander off the beat path , Doctor ? whistler have enter the room from a second doorway . Karen look from whistler to blade , trap between they -- karen who be you people ? whistler my name be abraham whistler . ( be : blade ) this be blade . as for we little homunculus here -- whistler limp over to the tank , rapping he cane against it . the creature snap at it reflexively , follow the silver tip back and forth like a fish after a lure . blade -- he 's a vampire . karen you be joke -- whistler not at all . you be look at a prime specimen of the homine nocturna . whistler toy with the feral creature , engage in a certain amount of sadistic delight as its effort grow increasingly more frenzied . suddenly , it surge towards the top of the tank , claw at the lid -- Karen become alarmed -- but then a massive electrical jolt shock the creature back into submission . whistler if blade have not bring you here , you would have wound up like he . Karen bring a hand to she bandage neck , recalling the event of the previous night . she look to blade . karen why do you help I ? blade scowl , he gaze flicker to whistler . blade stupidity . whistler ( appraise she ) maybe not . I do some check , she 's a hematologist . knowledge like that might come in handy . blade it 's not worth the risk . we can not trust she . karen why ? blade because you be taint . the venom 's still inside you . you could still turn on we . karen what happen then ? blade look to whistler -- as far as he 's concerned , the debate 's over . blade then I have to take you out , just like any other bloodsucker . blade turn and exit . whistler and Karen follow . int . whistler' workshop - day Beyond the grimy outer window , we can see that the day be close -- long shadow , amber light . Karen linger in the doorway , reeling from information overload . blade begin suite up for he nightly hunt -- strapping on body armor , load ammunition . he string the tarnish locket around he neck as if it be a amulet that could ward off evil , then pause to inspect a modify pistol , sighting down the length of it . blade we hunt they , move from one city to the next , tracking they migration . they be hard to kill . they tend to regenerate . clack ! blade pull the trigger on a empty chamber , then check he next weapon -- karen ( sarcastic ) so what do you use , then ? a stake ? whistler ( nodd ) some of the old wife ' tale be true -- they be severely allergic to silver , various type of wood . feed they garlic and they will go into anaphylactic shock -- whistler pick up a customize rifle with a UV entry light , flick on the beam . whistler -- and of course there 's always sunlight , ultra-violet ray . Karen shake she head , incredulous -- karen and you honestly expect I to believe all this ? blade I do not care what you believe . I save you life once , I do not plan on make a habit of it . you want my advice , you will be out of the city by nightfall . if you be stupid enough to stay , that 's you business . karen I can not just leave . I have a life here , a career -- blade not anymore . you have see one of they . you will not be allow to live after that . Karen stare at blade . whistler gesture to the window -- whistler there 's a war go on out there . blade , myself , a few other -- we have try to keep it from spilling over onto the street . ( beat ) sometimes people like yourself get catch in the cross-fire . whistler shrug . as far as he 's concerned , there 's nothing else to say . Karen be still protest , though . karen I can go to the police . I have blood sample back at the hospital . I can show they . blade do it . you will be dead before you can file the complaint . karen that 's ridiculous ! no one 's that powerful . whistler sigh . he do not suffer fool gladly . whistler you be talk about a brotherhood that predate the Catholic Church by thousand of year . they survival depend on they ability to blend in . chance be , you have encounter they and not even know it . on the subway , in a bar -- blade sling he car - 15 onto he shoulder , impatient . he start towards the old , gesture . blade get in . youre leave . whistler wait . whistler toss a small metal canister to Karen . whistler consider it a parting gift . vampire mace -- silver nitrate , essence of garlic . karen ( in disbelief ) so that 's it ? you guy just patch I up and send I on my way ? whistler there be one other thing . I would buy yourself a gun if I be you . if you start become sensitive to the daylight , if you start become thirsty regardless of much you have have to drink -- then I suggest you take that gun and use it on yourself . better that , than the alternative . Karen stare at whistler , horrify , as we -- CUT to : int . the vampire archive - day we be deep in the narrow stack of a sepulchral archive . exactly what and where this place be will become more clear later on . but for now , the camera drift through the warren of aisle . along the way , we catch a glimpse of a hulking silhouette cower behind a series of japanese shoji screen . later on , we find -- frost tuck away in a carrel , surround by book and scripture , with only the sickly glow of he laptop to provide light . dragonetti ( o.s. ) what be you do here ? frost pause , seeing dragonetti emerge from the shadow . dragonetti ( outrage ) this archive be restrict to member of the House of erebus . frost please . you and the other elder would not know what to do with this text if you life depend on it . ( cryptically ) which , of course , they do . dragonetti you be waste you time , frost . Far great scholar than you have try to decipher this word . whatever secret they hold have be lose . frost perhaps . frost study dragonetti , a self - satisfied grin on he face . if the act be intend to unnerve dragonetti , it succeed , though the ancient vampire would never admit it . dragonetti what be you up to , frost ? frost shut the lid on he laptop , rise , draw intimidatingly close to dragonetti . frost's voice would not you like to know , Old fang ? a beat as the young turk stare he elder down . dragonetti be the first to lose he nerve . frost smile and exit , leave the old vampire to lick he wound . camera drift back to the hulk silhouette , which have be eavesdropp on the conversation . it quiver in fear . int . blade' old ( on karen' STREET corner ) - day blade bring the car to a stop . Karen look at he . his eye be hide behind he glass , he expression stone . blade remember what we say . keep you eye open . they be everywhere . ext . karen' apartment build - day as Karen climb out , blade swing the door shut behind she . the old roar off down the quiet residential street . int . apartment build , lobby - day Karen cross the lobby , step into a elevator . just as the door be close , a woman and two men duck in alongside she . int . elevator - day silence , the uncomfortableness of a elevator ride magnify tenfold . Karen can feel the eye of she fellow passenger upon she . finally succumb to paranoia , she hazard a glance -- would she be able to tell if this people be not human ? the woman turn to Karen , smile -- Karen surreptitiously fish the " vampire mace " from she pocket , clutching it -- and now one of the man turn to look at she , nodd -- int . karen' apartment build , hallway - day the elevator door open . Karen hurry out , head leave , find herself in a desert hallway . she look back -- -- then skip a heartbeat as the trio also step out ! as Karen raise the canister of mace -- -- the trio turn and head down to the right . Karen breathes a sigh of relief , shake she head . int . karen' apartment - day Karen enter quickly , bolt the door behind she . she pick up the phone , dial 911 -- karen I need the police . this be a emergency -- as Karen wait to be connect , she move to the back entrance and check the lock -- then the window , then the fire escape -- finally , a voice come on the other end . karen hello ? my name be Karen jansen , I be with curtis webb at mid-town Hospital last night -- that 's right , I witness the attack -- ( listen ) 115 aurora , apartment 3g . yes , I will wait here . please hurry . Karen hang up the phone and turn -- a shaft of bright sunlight stream in through a window . Karen force herself to look at it and wince , shield she eye . again , she bring a hand to the bandage wound on she neck . she move to the window , pull the shade down , frighten . karen get a grip on yourself , girl . she sink down into a chair to wait , set whistler 's vampire mace aside . then she shut she eye , massage she temple . we see -- a brief flash of quinn , he mouth open wide , saliva drip from he fang . his pupil pulsate hypnotically . we rush into he gape maw and -- wham ! we be back to reality . Karen wake with a start , look to the window -- time have pass , it 's get dark outside -- -- and someone be knocking at the front door . Karen reach for the vampire mace , then move to the door . she look through the peephole , cautious -- karen who be it ? karen' Pov ( fish - eye ) a police officer stand in the hallway -- 30 , handsome , a knight in shine armor as far as she 's concerned . gideon sergeant gideon . I be respond to a 911 call . Karen visibly relax . she open the door and step aside , allow gideon to enter . karen yes , that be I , I be Karen jansen -- gideon smile , take a quick glance around the room , then study Karen 's face , the bandage on she neck . gideon be you all right ? ( off Karen 's nod ) I be glad you call , Ms. jansen , we have be anxious to get a hold of you . you disappear on we for a while . karen I know . listen -- do you have any idea what happen to curtis , the other doctor ? gideon ( matter of fact ) oh , he 's dead . but I would not worry about that if I be you . karen ( alarmed ) why ? gideon 's smile vanish as he unholster he gun . gideon because you be dead too . Karen gasp . she have a half - second to act -- in which she triggers a spray of vampire mace into gideon 's face . gideon stumble back , blind , cursing , rub the heel of he palm against he eye -- Karen expect pyrotechnics -- but the end result be little more than a annoyance . a second later , gideon be simply blink , sniff he finger , confuse -- gideon garlic ? karen he say it would work against vampire -- gideon burst out laugh . gideon who say I be a vampire ? gideon shake he head , still snicker . he force Karen against the wall , place the gun against she head -- gideon thanks for the laugh . you can shut you eye if you want to . crash !!! the front door explode open as blade come fly through it ! gideon try to bring he pistol up -- but blade grip the man 's hand and squeeze . gideon scream as he bone snap like kindling . the pistol fall from he grasp -- blade fire he fist into gideon 's gut again and again , then fling the officer across the room , send he smashing into a glass - case cabinet . bleed , batter , gideon struggle to stand -- blade be all over he , kick the shit out of the rogue cop until he sink to the floor in a half - conscious haze . blade stand over gideon 's limp form , fist clench , breathe heavily , touch down after he adrenaline high . finally , he look to Karen -- blade you okay ? Karen nod , glance at gideon -- karen how do you know ? blade figure they would send someone after you . think I would wait around and see who show up . karen you use I as bait ?! blade it work , do not it ? karen but , he could have -- blade he do not . get over it . blade kneel next to gideon . he turn the man 's head , inspect the neck , the skin behind the ear -- karen but he 's a policeman -- blade he 's a familiar . a human who work for the vampire . see this mark ? blade push aside gideon 's hair , revealing a tiny , cryptic symbol tattooe into the man 's scalp . blade that 's a glyph , kind of like a vampire cattle brand . that mean Officer friendly here be someone 's property . any of the other vampire 's try to bleed he , they will have to answer to friendly 's owner -- ( study the glyph ) this glyph belong to deacon frost . we have be tracking he for a while now -- karen why in God 's name would anyone want to work for they ? blade because they be vampire wanna-bes . if they be loyal , if they prove themselves , then they master will turn they . karen and that 's a good thing ? blade for some . live forever , never get old . the ultimate high . just then , gideon moan . blade drag the man up so they be eye to eye . blade how ' bout you , Officer ? you a good little bloodhound ? CUT to : ext . karen' apartment build - dusk blade and Karen be now stand by gideon 's police cruiser which be park outside Karen 's apartment . blade shove gideon against the hood of the cruiser . he find gideon 's key , move to the trunk , open it -- in the trunk -- a sophisticated medical cool unit for transport organ . blade open the unit , coolant vapor hiss out . Inside be plastic bag contain blood . blade look like we friend be blood-runn . ( to gideon ) where be you head ? gideon mumble through a split lip and chip tooth -- gideon mphuck you -- wham ! blade plant gideon 's face into the hood of the car . gideon groans , cough -- gideon Jesus -- 1227 brookner -- holliston Clinic -- blade release he , then reach for he casull . karen what be you do ?! blade preventive medicine . Karen step in front of blade , shield gideon . karen you can not do this , he 's human , it 's murder . blade it 's war , now get the fuck out of the way ! Karen grab blade 's arm , wrestle with he , try to push he hand away . as the two of they struggle , gideon make a break for it , stumbling across the lawn . blade push Karen aside , take aim , fire -- -- but gideon duck into a alley , disappear from sight . blade spin on Karen , enraged -- blade god-damnit !!! do you have any idea what you just do ?! he will warn they . they will be wait ! but Karen 's defiant , she 's not back down . karen you be go to kill he . what be I suppose to do ?! shut my eye and pretend I do not see what I see ? blade tear off he glass . Karen gasp -- blade' eye be not human , nor be they vampire . they be something else -- emerald green , lace with swirl fleck of red . blade let I set you straight on something , Doctor . what you have " see " so far be nothing . the world you live in 's just the sugar- coat topping . there 's another world beneath it , the real world -- and it 's a fuck bloodbath . if you want to survive in it , you would better pull you head out of you ass . blade slip he glass back on , leave Karen shocked into silence . he head for he old without look back , climb in , gun the engine . in second , he 's go , tear off down the street in a cloud of exhaust . ext . edgewood tower , penthouse - dusk we be soar through the air above the gleam city skyline , move towards the edgewood tower whose window reflect the blood - red sink sun . int . frost's penthouse , pool - night suffuse lighting , elegant tile - work feature evocative mosaic , the quiet strain of classical music -- MERCURY , the lupine gaultier girl from the club , glide beneath the water , surfacing at the deep end . we see -- frost loung in a chair , study a laptop which rest beside he . on the screen be a digitize image -- a page take from a ancient manuscript , write in a secret tongue . Officer gideon wait nearby , cradling he ruin hand , he batter face cast downward like a boy who 's be call into the principal 's office . gideon look , I know you be disappointed -- frost crestfallen . gideon blade be wait for I . there be not anything I could do . frost nod , lapsing into brood contemplation . frost tell I something , gideon , what blood type be you ? gideon hesitates . be this a trick question ? gideon I do not really know -- frost take a wild stab . a? b? o , perhaps ? I be interested in the antigen here , the agglutination reaction -- gideon stammer as frost rise . in the blink of a eye , frost lift gideon from the floor , dangle the Officer over the deep end of the pool by he throat -- frost I be go to guess ab positive . gideon gurgle as frost 's fingernails pierce he flesh , draw blood . then frost release he -- gideon plunge into the pool . mercury be on he in a heartbeat , tear he apart like a great White consume a piece of chum . the water churn violently around they , clouding with red . when it 's over , mercury rise from the pool , drip wet , cover from head to toe in a crimson sheen . she kiss frost hungrily , let gideon 's blood flow from she mouth to he . frost flick a tongue over he lip . frost ab positive . give the man a prize . below they , gideon 's lifeless body sink towards the pool bottom , he police badge twinkle like sink treasure . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night blade 's old cruise to a stop . we be in a low - end commercial district -- junky heaven . blade climb out , pull a automatic rifle from the back seat , then head into a alleyway . ext . back alley - night blade make he way down the alley , cautious -- he sees mountain of trash , board - up window , overlap layer of gang graffiti -- a rat crouching on a trash dumpster , gnaw on a dead pigeon -- -- then a SOUND behind blade , the scuffle of foot -- blade whirl , draw he sword , charging at a approach shadow , stop mere millimeter from decapitate -- karen , who 's be back up against the wall , she eye wide with fright . blade 's sword vibrate from the tension in he forearm , have draw just the slight taste of blood . blade what the hell be you do ?! I could have kill you ! blade lower he sword . Karen remember to breathe . she slump , trace she finger over the line where she head almost parte with she body . karen I remember the address . I follow you -- blade shake he head , amaze . blade do you have a death wish or be you just stupid ? Karen push away from the wall , angry -- karen look , if what you say be true , if there 's a chance I could turn into one of they , then I have get no choice , do I ? I have to work with you . I need to learn everything I can about they . it 's the only way I will be able to find a cure for myself . blade there be no cure . karen ( defiant ) you do not know that . blade turn and move to the end of the alley , study the graffiti - cover wall intently -- karen what be you look at ? blade ( gesture ) what do you see here ? karen graffiti -- blade look closer . blade indicate a design amongst the various gang - banger tag that look something like a post- modern hieroglyphic . blade this be not a gang tag , it 's a vampire mark . it mean there 's a safe-house nearby . a place they can go if dawn be come . blade point to a building across the street -- the holliston clinic , you basic inner-city blood - barter establishment where desperate transient parley they plasma into cash . karen ( recognize it ) I know this place -- it 's a blood bank . blade own by vampire . there 's one of this in every major city , and just like domino 's , they always deliver . ( look to Karen ) you tell I you be ready to walk through that door ? Karen nod . blade continue to stare at she , take she measure -- there 's a strength in this woman 's eye , she have the soul of a fighter -- and blade recognize it . blade all right , then , listen up , vampire anatomy 101 . cross and run water do not do dick , so forget what you have see in the movie . blade enumerate the follow on he finger : blade you use the stake , silver , or sunlight , get it ? blade hold up one of he casull . blade know how to use one of this ? Karen take the weapon from he , eye all over it . karen no . blade take the gun back , snort derisively . blade Safety 's off , round 's already chamber -- ( cock it ) Silver hollow - point fill with garlic . you aim for the heart or the head , anything else be a one - way ticket to a pine box . blade hand it to she again , then start across the street towards the clinic . Karen follow -- int . holliston clinic , lobby - night blade enter , swinging he rifle around for all to see . blade get out . now . the potential donor scramble for the exit . behind the counter , tanaka , a male nurse , reach for a alarm button . blade vault over the counter , aim he rifle . blade I know you be blood-runn . who 's you sponsor ? tanaka I do not know what you be -- pow ! blade backhand he across the face hard enough to loosen he tooth . Karen flinch , step forward -- karen what if you have make a mistake ? blade pin tanaka 's head to the wall , turn it to the side -- revealing the man 's glyph . it 's different than gideon 's , look more like a japanese kanji character . blade what 's this ? a birthmark ? blade grip tanaka by he collar , shove he through a doorway -- int . holliston clinic , supply room - night Karen and blade see supply cabinet , cot , a number of lock refrigeration unit . blade fire into the door handle of one of the unit , tear it open -- the fridge be stack floor to ceiling with plastic packet of blood . blade ( to Karen ) still think we might be wrong ? ( to tanaka ) how much be you shipping ? tanaka bite I ! blade open FIRE , sweeping he rifle around the room , shoot everything in sight . Glass cabinetry shatter , ampoule and vacutainer go fly . tanaka cower , arm wrap about he head . blade stop shoot . he lean down towards tanaka , place the end of he rifle against the man 's forehead . tanaka look like he 's about to wet he pants . blade I have get a message for you master -- the night 's no longer safe for they kind . blade pull back he rifle , leave a red indentation mark where the end of the rifle barrel press into tanaka 's skin . he start towards the exit . Karen follow . CUT to : int . blade' old - night blade and Karen return to the old . he key the ignition , let the engine idle . they be park down the street from the blood clinic . Karen look to blade , confuse -- karen you let he go -- ( off blade 's nod ) a hour ago you be ready to kill a man for less , this one do not even talk . blade he will . blade point -- through the windshield -- tanaka rush from the clinic , climb behind the wheel of a mustang park nearby . he take off -- blade follow the mustang , clicking on a cell - phone scanner mount on the dash . number flash on the lcd screen as it search for a signal , then lock onto it . we hear a dial tone , then a number be dial -- automate voice ( filter , on scanner ) " you have reach a number that be no longer in service . please consult you operator and try again " . tanaka's voice ( filter , on scanner ) it 's tanaka , pin number sixteen - zero - zero - nine -- a " real " voice come on the line : voice ( filter , on scanner ) yes ? Karen look to blade , impressed . int . tanaka's mustang - night tanaka speed , shouting into the speaker phone -- tanaka get I Pearl ! voice ( filter , on speaker ) Pearl be feed -- tanaka look , I be not fuck around here ! that hunter frost have be talk about ? he be just at the clinic . tore the goddamn place apart ! ext . the black pearl - night Tokyo town . a black edifice , no window , secure parking , no signage except for a purple neon scroll above the entrance -- a flashing kanji , just like the glyph tattooe on tanaka 's neck . tanaka 's mustang pull into the parking lot . he climb out , flagging away the valet , head inside -- whip pan to blade 's old stop a few block down the street . int . blade' old - night blade kill the engine , study the Black Pearl . blade look like we hit pay-dirt . this place be crawl with they . ( point ) see the valet over there ? they be vampire . so be the doorman . karen how can you tell ? blade the way they move , they way they smell -- blade continue to scan the area , point out a few more likely candidate -- blade the whore on the corner , she 's one too . so be the two man stand under the streetlight . blade reach into the back seat , retrieve he sword and a satchel . he snap open he shotgun , load it . Karen continue to study the vampire blade identify . karen so many of they -- I still can not believe they be real . blade there be worse thing than vampire out there . karen like what ? blade ( pump he shotgun ) like I . blade reach for the door -- ext . the black pearl - night blade and Karen climb out . he let he shotgun fall within the fold of he longcoat and start across the street -- only to be challenge by a hulking doorman at the entrance . doorman I be sorry , sir -- do you have a invitation ? int . black pearl - night crash ! the front door fly open as the doorman 's body sail through . blade enter , Karen at he heel -- the ' Pearl ' be a all -hour strip club cum casino catering exclusively to japanese zaibatsu clientele . dimly light , the air thick with cigarette smoke , deafen music . go board , pachinko machine , sexy little manga waif in schoolgirl outfit doling out drink -- stripper writhe in the circular " pit " table surround by howling grab -ass man . but that 's nothing compare to -- the MAIN attraction , who 's do a bump and grind down the runway , shaking a body worthy of a schoolboy 's wet dream . her attire ? a leather s&amp ; m face mask , nipple ring , 6 - inch spike , and a pair of panty to hide she modesty . blade scan the room -- just in time to see tanaka ducking into a back hallway . blade push towards the rear of the club . Karen follow . on the stripper as she catch sight of blade and freeze in mid-routine . the stripper pull off she hood . Long black hair with a streak of white tumble down she back -- it 's mercury . int . black pearl , hallway - night blade and Karen head past the bathroom . at the end of the hall be a door mark " office " . just then , the Men 's door open , a drunk college kid step out , sees blade -- kid hey -- blade plant a hand over the kid 's face , shove he back into the bathroom as he kick open the office door -- int . the black pearl , back office - night tanaka spin around , startle , try to throw a punch -- blade trap tanaka 's arm , lever the man up and over . he crash into a shelving unit , take the whole thing down with he . Karen wince . blade grab a handful of tanaka 's hair , yank he head up -- blade where 's the entrance ?! tanaka I can not -- they will kill I ! blade rip off he glass and give tanaka a eyeful -- he irise pulse and glow . blade I get news for you , butt -boy . you be already dead . tanaka ( terrify ) oh God , shit -- behind the bookcase -- blade drop tanaka , move to the bookcase . he search the wall a moment , then find a trigger . Hit it -- the bookcase slide aside , revealing a hide elevator . as blade move to put he sunglass back on -- blade' Pov ( in the reflection of he sunglass ) we see tanaka behind he , pull a handgun out of a desk drawer , swinging it up -- blade unholster one of he casull faster than any gunslinger in history . he fire over he own shoulder , blowing tanaka back against the wall . blade put he sunglass back on , motion to the elevator , then nod to Karen -- blade after you . int . the black pearl , elevator - night the elevator descend . then a tone chime , signal the end of the ride . the door hiss open -- int . the vampire archive , hallway - night blade and Karen enter the narrow , maze - like " stack " of the vampire archive , weaving they way through shelf of climate - control , digitize record . karen what be this place ? blade some kind of archive -- karen be not this all a little high - tech ? I think vampire be more into cobweb and coffin . blade you have be watch too much tv . they have get they claw sink into everything -- finance , real estate , politics . probably own half of downtown . blade pull a CD - rom from the shelf , its spine label in indecipherable vampire glyph . blade this must be where they keep they record -- he pause , hearing a distant whisper . blade signal quiet , silently lead Karen through the stack towards -- pearle lair a vestibule of sort , lead to a larger bed chamber construct of rice paper shoji screen and tatami mat . candle glow within , illuminate a monstrously obese shadow beyond the translucent rice paper wall . the shadow speak in a tremulous , bird - like voice -- the secret tongue . as blade draw he sword , the massive shadow freeze -- pearle voice ( frighten ) lorca , be that you ? blade slide open the nearest shoji screen -- int . pearle bed chamber - night nothing Karen 's see up until this point could prepare she for the archive 's curator -- pearl , a nine-hundred - pound androgynous vampire of asian origin , loung amidst pillow rice mat , wear a communication headset . think of a cross between Divine and jabba the Hutt . skin the complexion of buttermilk , so corpulent he can barely move , so engorge with blood that he 's actually sweat it from the pore of he skin . Pearl be surround by a nest of monitor and keyboard which have be affix to counter - balanced arm -- this way , Pearl can access information without leave bed . lying next to Pearl , dwarf by the vampire 's massive size , be the chalk - white body of a recently - drain naked boy . at the sight of blade , Pearl 's eye widen in fear -- pearl ( into a speakerphone ) he 's here ! frost's voice ( over speakerphone ) congratulation , day-walker . blade frost ? int . frost's penthouse , pool - night frost pace the length of he pool , wear a hand - free communication headset , grin . frost in the flesh , blade . I understand you have be look for I . I be flatter . int . pearle bedchamber - night as blade listen , Pearl reach for he trackball , attempt to delete the document currently on he monitor -- but blade lunge forward , sink the tip of he sword into Pearl 's fleshy throat . Pearl freeze . blade ( eyeball Pearl ) do not be . you be another notch on my sword hilt , nothing else . frost 's deep laughter drift from the speakerphone . int . frost's penthouse , pool - night frost settles into he chair , enjoy the cat and mouse . frost you be quick , blade , I will give you that . in the space of a hour you have cross my familiar , destroy a blood bank -- ( beat ) now here you be in the heart of we archive , terrorize we curator . pearle voice he have a knife to my throat , frost ! he -- frost ( cut he off ) you be history , Pearl . have the good grace to die with some dignity . ( beat ) round one to you , blade . int . pearle bedchamber - night click , the line go dead . blade toss he satchel on the bed , open it . Inside be a hand -held UV lamp hook up to a nine-volt battery . Pearl eye the device , fearful -- pearl what be that ? blade a sun lamp . we be gonna play twenty question . depend on you answer , you might get to have yourself a tanning session . blade look to Pearl 's monitor and sees a digitize image , the same manuscript deacon have be study earlier . blade what be you in such a big hurry to delete just now ? Pearl hesitates . blade turn on the lamp . Pearl howl as the harsh light fall upon he . blade flick the light off . Pearl cringe , growling , he face smoking profusely . exposure to the UV ray , even for one short second , have make he face blister like a plague victim 's . pearl ( relenting ) it 's a epistle , a letter frost have be translate -- it prophesize lamagra 's return . blade and who be lamagra ? Pearl hesitates again -- blade turn on the lamp for a longer time . Pearl thrashes , cover he face . his hand blacken , the skin sizzling away to expose the finger bone beneath . Karen have to avert she gaze -- blade turn off the lamp . Pearl snarl , he body quivering with poisonous rage . pearl lamagra be the sleeper !!! blade lean in close so he 's eye to eye with Pearl . blade where 's the original , Pearl ? you must have it around here somewhere . Pearl sweat blood , he flaking , slug-like lip quivering . pearl the vault -- blade follow Pearl 's eye to a armored door , then he stand back , hand the UV rig to Karen . blade if he move , cook he . blade approach the vault door , size up its lock mechanism . he pull a explosive charge from he combat belt and secure it to the door , arming it with a beep ! pearl please , I will give you the combination -- you will damage the document -- blade that 's the point . enrage , Pearl lunge from he bed . Karen triggers the UV rig , flash - fry he to a blacken crisp . Pearl quiver , he enormous body smoking like a piece of char meat . blade look back at Karen with newfound respect . she shrug . karen he move . blade turn back to the vault , set off the charge . boom ! blade kick the damage door in , knock it clear off its hinge -- inside the vault , ancient papers flutter through the smoky air like wind - borne leave . blade and Karen see a lucite - encase document -- fragment of a ancient , calligraphy papyrus . karen what be this ? quinn ( o.s. ) curiosity kill the cat . blade and Karen spin -- -- quinn , mercury , and a number of other vampire stand at the entrance to the vault . quinn ( grin ) hola , amigo . remember I ? Karen triggers the UV light , but mercury duck under it , rip it from she hand , crush it . in a split-second , the she-demon have she claw around Karen 's throat . as blade reach for he rifle , the vampire converge on he like quicksilver . they drag Karen and blade out -- pearle bedchamber the vampire fling blade against the wall , pin he . quinn you take my arm , blade . but that 's okay , I be grow a new one -- quinn lift up he " arm " . a skeletal forearm have grow from the stump . it 's get cartilage , sinew , and muscle , but no flesh yet . quinn Nice , huh ? think I will ever play the piano again ? ( shrugging ) you can slice he , you can dice he , and the man just keep on come . blade struggle violently , but quinn be upon he , pound he fist into blade again and again and again -- give he payback with compound interest . when it 's over , quinn step back , wind -- blade 's head hang down . he gasp , wince , every breath send a red hot poker to he gut . quinn grab a hold of blade 's jaw , force he head up . quinn stay with I , sweetness , I be not through with you yet . quinn pull blade 's jacket open , see the bandoleer of mahogany stake . he tug one out , admire it . quinn teak . Nice craftsmanship . ( to the other ) now here 's a man who take he job just a little too seriously , do not you think ? ( back to blade ) which remind I , blade , think I owe you one -- quinn stab the stake into blade 's shoulder . blade cry out , try to pull free . Karen , who 's be hold by mercury , avert she gaze . quinn actually , if you want to get technical , I owe you two . as quinn reach for another stake , blade start to laugh . quinn what 's so funny , bright eye ? blade I be expect some company . it 's then that quinn notice the micro ear-coil radio receiver in blade 's ear . as we move in on it , we hear a tiny voice squawk from it : voice ( filter ) get down ! blade kick he foot out , send quinn fly backwards . he tear free of the vamp hold he and dive forward , knock Karen to the ground just as -- boom !!! the wall of Pearl 's bedchamber explode inward , knock quinn and the rest of he croney to they foot . whistler stand in the smoking hole where the wall use to be , brandish he cane in one hand and a automatic rifle in the other . he balance the rifle against he hip like a over - the-hill gunslinger and open FIRE on the vampire . blade roll , snatching up a fragment of the parchment which have blow free from the vault . second later , he and Karen be flee after whistler , retreate back through he newly create exit . int . tunnel - night the three of they find themselves ankle - deep in a flood sewer tunnel run parallel to the archive . whistler pause , wheeze from overexertion . whistler Christ , I be too old for this . somebody get I a goddamn wheelchair . blade lean against the tunnel wall , grunting as he yank the stake from he shoulder . he then pull out a light -stick , snap it , illuminate the area in a GREEN glow -- disturbing wave of glittering cockroach . meanwhile , whistler pull another explosive device from he backpack and set it against the tunnel wall , arming it . karen how do you find we ?! whistler tap a tiny radio headset curl around he ear . whistler we keep in radio contact . karen ( incredulous ) you have be listen in the whole time ? whistler you think I would let he run loose without a chaperone ? blade ferret they rat-hole out , I map they . then we blow they all to kingdom come . whistler finish arming the explosive device . it beeps . he turn back to blade and Karen , refer to a handheld navigation device . whistler there 's a subway line due East of here . we would best make track . int . pearle bedchamber , archive - night a explosion rip through the bedchamber , mushroom outward -- int . black pearl - night the explosion continue expand , send table , drink , and zaibatsu clientele fly . int . tunnel - night as the group splashes through the water , a fireball chase they down the tunnel . they duck into a alcove , narrowly avoid the flame . whistler whoops with excitement , loving every minute of it . but he triumph be short - live , for now we hear -- -- a deafen chorus of high - pitched vampire war cry come from behind . Karen hazard a look back -- the vampire surge down the tunnel like a pack of hungry wolf on high-octane . there must be a dozen of they now and quinn be right in the lead . we trio hustle along , but whistler stumble , tumble and slide down a washout . the steep incline of the washout make it virtually impossible for whistler to climb back up to the main tunnel . karen whistler ! whistler go on , I will be fine ! Karen hesitates , but blade yank she down the tunnel -- blade he can take care of himself ! go !!! they race through the twist warren of tunnel , take one turn after another , the vampire hot on they heel -- int . subway tunnel - night blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel , which widen into a station stop up ahead . we can see the red tail - light of a train just pull away from the platform -- blade and Karen be - double they effort , lung burn , leg pump like mad . just as the train enter the next tunnel -- -- they leap , drag themselves up onto the back of the rear - passenger car . blade smashes he fist through the emergency exit window , then lift Karen up , help she climb through into the car -- -- but the vampire be still come ! crawl along the tunnel wall on all four , limb a blur , claw strike the concrete and spew out spark . close fast . too fast . quinn spring forward , snagging blade 's ankle with he " good " hand . the vampire 's weight threaten to haul blade down . blade reach to he back -scabbard , unsheathes he sword -- thunk ! blade bring the sword down on quinn 's good arm , cut it off at the wrist ! quinn fall to the track , tumble head over heel back into the darkness -- the amputate hand , which continue to clutch at blade 's ankle , start to melt . with a cry of disgust , blade kick the thing away . he turn and climb through the window -- int . subway car - night Karen help blade inside . he sink to the floor of the otherwise desert car , exhaust . he 's look ashen now . the white of he eye be shot through with red . Karen get a good look at blade 's wound -- the front of he jacket be soak in blood . she reach for he -- karen you be hurt -- blade nothing that will not heal by dawn . blade reach into he jacket and pull out the small , gas -power pistol - injector we see whistler inject he with earlier . he try to load one of the ampoule into it , but because of he wound , he 's not have much luck -- blade ( frustrated ) I need help with this -- Karen nod , insert the ampoule into the gun . blade shrug off he jacket , hold out he arm . Karen pause -- karen what be I inject you with ? blade ( weakly ) serum -- it 's a human hemoglobin substitute . Karen locate a vein , press the injector against it -- blade tense , grit he tooth , fight to keep he body thrashing as the serum enter he bloodstream . he grip the wall behind he -- actually dig he nail into the metal surface -- the agony he 's go through be excruciate , like nothing we could imagine . when it 's over , he slump forward , spend , vulnerable , flushed with sweat . Karen stare at he -- karen you be one of they , be not you ? blade turn away from Karen , fill with self - loathing . blade not quite . I be a hybrid . half -human , half -vampire . off Karen 's surprised reaction , we -- CUT to : int . whistler' workshop - night the load elevator clang to a stop . blade throw the gate open . Karen help he out . now that they be safely back , the last of blade 's strength seem to dissipate . whistler be wait for they , sit at a workbench . whistler what take you so long ? blade do not even start , old man . blade throw he sword aside , then move off into the shadow , disappear beyond the curtain . Karen look to whistler -- karen why do not you tell I the truth about he ? whistler we be not sure we could trust you . whistler sigh , remove he glass . whistler blade 's mother be attack by a vampire while she be pregnant . ultimately , she die , but she unborn child live . unfortunately , he would undergone certain genetic change while in the womb -- whistler reach for a pack of cigarettes , pull one out . he thumb a match , fire up . take a long drag -- whistler I find blade when he be thirteen . he would be live on the street , feed off the homeless . apparently the thirst manifest itself at puberty -- ( beat ) I take he for one of they at first , almost kill he , too . but then I realize what he be . CUT to : ext . edgewood tower , penthouse - night frost stand at the window , look out at the glimmer cityscape before he . int . frost's penthouse - night frost turn away from window . quinn , mercury , and the other vampire from the Black Pearl stand before he . quinn cradle he amputate stump with he newly grow arm . quinn he take my fuck hand ! again ! frost you seem to be in the habit of lose they fairly often , quinn . maybe the amputee lifestyle just suit you . the other vampire laugh . quinn stare they into silence . quinn we need to find he , tonight . frost clap a hand on quinn 's shoulder . frost down , boy . blade 's not go anywhere . I promise . right now , though , we have more press business -- ( off mercury 's look ) it 's time dragonetti pay the piper . CUT to : int . whistler' workshop - night whistler study Karen , exhaling another lungful of smoke . whistler blade 's unique , you know . a one in a billion anomaly . he can withstand sunlight , garlic , even silver . but he still have the thirst . karen what happen if he do not take the serum ? whistler the thirst overcome he , just like the other . it 's not something he can control . ( sigh ) the problem be , time 's run out . his body 's start to reject the serum . and so far , all my effort to find a cure have end in failure -- karen no offense , whistler , but you be not exactly work with state of the art equipment here . you might have miss something . whistler ( pointedly ) which be why you be here . we could use someone with you experience . a beat pass between they and Karen know where she stand now . in for a penny , in for a pound . whistler reach for blade 's sword . whistler this use to be mine , you know . it 's be pass down through the century , from one hunter to the next -- whistler extend the sword , sighting down the length of it . he take a few practice parry -- it 's obvious he use to be quite skilled in the art of swordsmanship . karen why do you hunt they ? whistler habit , mostly , just like this . whistler gesture with he cigarette . he finally stub it out , he wistful reverie vanish like so much smoke . whistler I have a family once -- a wife , three daughter . then a drifter name deacon frost come call one evening -- karen he kill they ? whistler eventually . he toy with they first . he make I choose , do you understand ? which order they would die in -- Karen stare at whistler , horrify . karen how do you escape ? whistler I do not . he be cruel enough to let I live . ( slapping he brace ) even give I a souvenir to remember he by . Karen nod -- it 's all fall into place for she now . karen and now you be use blade to exact you revenge ? whistler ( pointedly ) frost 's bodycount keep rise , and I be not get any young , be I ? just then , we hear a scream come from blade 's room , sounding more like the cry of a beast than a man . Karen take a step towards blade 's room -- whistler I would not go in there if I be you . it 's best to leave he alone when he 's like this . karen I will take my chance . int . blade' room - night Karen enter . it 's dark , just a trace of moonlight . karen blade ? no answer . then Karen sees he -- crouch in the corner of the room like some kind of nocturnal animal . karen it 's dark in here . blade you get use to the darkness . Karen take a step towards he . karen whistler tell I about you mother . blade clutches the silver locket in he hand . it swing back and forth , like a pendulum . blade I can not close my eye without hearing she scream . karen that be not real memory . no one have that kind of recall . blade I do . I remember from day one . people stare at I , sense I be different . watch the fear grow in they eye , know in they heart I be not human . karen if you be not human , then why do you bleed like we ? I have see vampire blood , you do not have it run through you vein . blade look at Karen , he lambent eye glow in the moonlight . blade just get out of here . karen blade -- blade turn , he eye glow with preternatural fury . blade I say , get out !!! Karen back away , startle by blade 's vehemence . she exit , leave he alone with he demon . he hold up one of he empty serum ampoule , crush it in he fist . frost's voice rise and shine , little wing . ext . the burning ground - just before dawn fade in on dragonetti , he face cover with a black condemn man 's hood -- frost stand before he , grin like the cheshire cat . he 's dress from head to toe in a black motorcycle suit -- boot , glove , a visore helmet tuck under one arm . mercury and quinn be stand nearby , similarly attire . we be on a stretch of rocky coastline , tuck away in a secluded cove . dragonetti have be stripped bare , chain like prometheus to a ancient stand stone . dragonetti ( strain ) what be this ? where be I ?! frost step forward , pull dragonetti 's hood off . dragonetti stare at he surroundings , horrify . frost when be the last time you stop to appreciate a sunrise , dragonetti ? Three , four hundred year ? frost check he watch , then look to the ocean . on the horizon , a sliver of gold appear . frost how do you like that ? right on time . dragonetti ( snarling ) the other elder will never let you get away with this ! just then , the twelve vampire elder emerge behind frost , form a circle around dragonetti . all wear business suit , glove , along with high - tech " sun mask " to protect they face from the light 's lethal ray . they stare at dragonetti like a silent jury . his face darken , anger rise -- but there 's a desperation in he eye now too . he speak in the secret tongue : dragonetti ( subtitle ) do not you see , you fool ?! he will betray you too ! he 's plan on invoke lamagra himself ! the vampire just smile and shake they head . frost the wheel turn , old fang . guess you just get a little too long in the tooth . dragonetti 's cry be cut short as frost force the aging vampire 's mouth open , rip out he fang with he bare hand . dragonetti gurgle and shriek , sounding like a die animal . frost turn to face the twelve now , he eye bright with victory . he pull on he motorcycle helmet , as do mercury and quinn . behind they , dragonetti struggle furiously against he chain to no avail as the first faint ray of daylight fall upon he , channel inward by the natural formation of the cove -- dragonetti howl , he skin beginning sizzle and smoke . then he catch fire like paper beneath a magnify glass . he thrashes about as he flesh start to run from he body . the vampire elder watch , impassive , protect by they mask -- -- when suddenly , twelve figure rise up behind they , clad in bike helmet and black leather , just like frost . the intruder grip each of the elder in a strangle hold , rip they mask off . frost dragonetti be right . you be fool to trust I . frost flip down the visor of he helmet even as -- the red SUN rise in all its fiery glory . one by one , the vampire elder 's head catch fire , skullflesh sizzling away -- burn down the line of they in successively building intensity until all twelve explode in a conflagration of blinding white light . frost and he compatriot be blow off they foot by the sheer intensity of the occult blast -- a blast which send the skeletal body of the elder slamming into the rock wall . when it 's over , frost pick himself back up . we see that the only thing leave of dragonetti and the other be -- thirteen shadow silhouettes permanently etched onto the rock 's surface , just like the bombing victim of Hiroshima . int . whistler' workshop - day Karen stand at a lab table with whistler , prepare a number of blood sample vial . they be surround by host of new medical equipment -- from centrifuge to genetic sequencer and beyond . blade emerge from he room , look to Karen . as if by silent agreement , last night 's word go unacknowledged . he strap on he bandoleer of stake , secure he scabbard . whistler go somewhere ? blade China town . I need more serum . ( be : new equipment ) what 's all this ? karen I make a trip to the hospital last night , borrow some equipment . blade ( sarcastic ) for you miracle cure ? whistler she 's be make real progress , blade . ( to Karen ) show he -- Karen look to blade , who shrug . she open a refrigerator , remove a syringe fill with blue fluid . karen this be sodium citrate . it 's a anti-coagulant . we use it to treat blood -clot sometimes . vampire blood be thin than human , though . watch what happen when I introduce some into a sample -- Karen gesture to the microscope . blade take a look -- blade' Pov vampire blood cell swirl about . Karen inject the content of the syringe onto the slide of cell -- the reaction be immediate . the vampire blood turn black , then begin violently bubbling . blade lift he head away from the microscope just in time -- the blood on the slide atomize , explode outward in a fine mist which burst apart the glass lens of the scope . whistler laugh , thrilled with the result . whistler can you imagine what a dash of that would do on you sword ? whistler clap he hand on Karen 's shoulder in approval , then limp away , quickly busy himself with another project . blade move to follow , but Karen stop he -- karen before you go , I would like to take a sample of you blood . blade grudgingly roll up he sleeve . as Karen take she sample , blade look to whistler . the older man bring a handkerchief to he lip , cough into it . karen be he sick ? blade Cancer . Karen watch as blade 's blood flow into the vacutainer . she fill the first , then insert another . karen you care about he , do not you ? blade we have get a good arrangement , that 's all . whistler make the weapon , I use they , the vampire die -- end of story . Karen finish . blade roll up he sleeve . karen ( pointedly ) my mother use to say that a cold heart be a dead heart . blade you mother sound like a hallmark greeting card . blade slip he casull into a shoulder holster , then shrug into he leather jacket , don he sunglass . blade I would wish you luck , Doc , but I never put much stock in optimism . he head towards the elevator . ext . chinatown , street - day blade make he way down a street line with vend stall -- pass merchant peddle exotic vegetable and cheap curio , butcher shop with row of roast duck in the window , tyro gang - banger loung at the entrance to a video arcade . blade' Pov even though the street be crowded , the people seem to make way for he , avoid eye-contact . blade turn into a dark alley , ducking into the doorway of a hole - in - the- wall herbalist shop . int . herbalist shop - day a bell atop the door jingles , announce blade 's arrival . we be in a dusty , cave - like room fill with basket and bottle - line shelf feature thing like " toad spleen extract " and " barking Deer wine " . joss stick burn , send wispy tendril of incense into the air . at the back of the shop , a elderly chinese man in a cardigan sit in front of a batter television , watch a box match . he 's eat a bowl of litchi fruit . on the counter nearby , a spider monkey watch attentively . blade how 's it go , kam ? kam ( be : calendar ) you be a week early . blade I be in the neighborhood . kam set he fruit bowl aside , lead blade through a curtain into a back room . int . herbalist shop , back room - day kam hand blade a leather valise . he open it -- its line with tiny ampoule of scarlet - color serum . blade pull one out , hold it up to the light . blade whistler say I be building up a resistance to it . kam I be afraid that might happen . blade maybe it 's time to start explore other alternative . kam there 's only one alternative to the serum . blade nod . they both know what that " alternative " be . blade yeah . I know . blade close the valise and tuck it inside he jacket . blade thanks , kam. ( think ) one other thing . have you ever hear of a vampire call the sleeper ? kam shake he head . blade pull out the parchment he take from Pearl . blade I find this in there archive . I need to find someone who can read they language . kam study the parchment . kam I have hear about a woman name miracia . some say she 's a mayombero , a santeria witch . supposedly she life in that tent community down by the city dump . I be tell she only see people at night . blade nod he thanks and head back through the curtain . ext . chinatown , STREET - day blade emerge from the alley into the sunlight , then hear he name whispered on the wind . voice ( o.s. ) blade . blade spin , scan he surroundings -- do he really hear he name , or be it just the wind ? voice ( o.s. ) blade . again , the taunting voice call he . blade 's gaze finally settles on -- a man sit on a bench in the deep shade , he face obscure by the chinese newspaper he 's read . there 's a little girl sit stiffly beside the man -- a look of pure terror write on she face . man afternoon , blade . the man lower he newspaper . it 's deacon frost . he 's wear sunglass , but otherwise , he 's seemingly unprotect by the sun . blade reach for he .454 -- frost easy . frost 's hand rest on the back of the girl 's neck . we see he claw extend , caress the flesh beneath she chin . frost would not want we little friend here to wind up on the back of a milk carton , would we ? blade reluctantly lower he hand . frost smile . he take in a deep breath of air , savore it . frost beautiful day , be not it ? blade ( confuse ) how can you be out here ? frost I dabble in pharmaceutical , medical research . we have develop a type of sun- blocker use octyl salicylate , a few other thing . on closer examination we see that frost be wear a translucent lotion on he face . he touch a finger to he cheek , rub some of the lotion between he finger . frost it 's not very effective in direct sunlight , but it 's a start . the goal , of course , be to be like you , " the day-walker " . blade I do not buy it . frost why not ? the future of we race run through you bloodstream . you have get the best of both world , blade . all of we strength and none of we weakness . blade maybe I do not see it that way . frost oh , so it 's back to pretend we be human again , be it ? spare I the uncle Tom routine . you can not keep deny what you be . you be one of we , blade . you always have be . blade you be wrong . frost be I ? you think the human will ever accept a half - breed like you ? they can not . they be afraid of you . ( pointedly ) the human fear we because we be superior . they fear we because in they heart they know they race have become obsolete . frost watch the marketer stream past , sneering in contempt . frost look at they , just a endless stream of cattle in a mad race to the slaughterhouse . frost lift a silver flask to he mouth , take a swig of blood . he smack he lip , sigh contentedly -- frost the pause that refresh -- ( offer it to blade ) Care for some ? smell good , do not it ? pungent , with just a irrepressible hint of iron . blade pass . frost you sure now ? I ble a newborn for this . you will not find a drink that 's sweeter . it take every ounce of blade 's self - control to keep from attack frost -- and frost sense this , press he sharp thumbnail against the child 's jugular . frost tell I honestly , do you really get the same rush from that pasteurize piss -serum of yours ? ( off blade 's look ) you be surprised I know about you serum ? you should not be . I know everything about you . frost lean forward , grin . frost you can not keep walk the razor 's edge , blade . the day will come -- and soon , when you will have to choose between we kind and they 's . if I be you , I would take care not to wind up on the wrong end of the fang . a bead of sweat run down frost 's neck , wash away a minute amount of the sun-block cream . the patch of expose skin instantly blacken . frost gaze upwards at the sun . frost Love to continue this chat , but it appear I be melting . frost rise , take the little girl by the hand . blade follow , he hand rest on the butt of he casull . blade you be not go anywhere . frost ( growl ) watch I . frost 's eye flicker towards the street -- a CITY bus be rumbling by . in a heartbeat , frost hurl the little girl forward -- -- out into the path of the oncoming bus ! blade have a split-second to act . it 's frost or the girl -- and for a moment we actually think he 's go to go for frost -- -- but then he dive forward , scoop the girl into he arm , throw themselves out of the bus ' path . the bus miss they by a hair . by the time blade look up again -- -- frost be go . blade rise , cursing , scan the street as market - goer gather around he . whip pan to -- someone sit astride a motorcycle , watch blade from the roof of a elevate parking garage . the rider be clad from head to toe in a helmet and black leather -- mercury . ext . abandoned factory - day blade 's old cruise into the gated grounds . it zip down the ramp way into the load elevator . back by the train track -- mercury 's cycle roll into frame . she pick up a radio handset and key it . MERCURY ( into radio ) this be mercury . tell deacon I have find they hide place . CUT to : int . whistler' workshop - day blade enter through the load elevator , find Karen and whistler hard at work . she turn as he approach -- sees he back - light by the sun . she look pale , the white of she eye be streak with red . blade any progress ? karen some . it 's be slow -- blade you do not look so good . karen I be just tired , that 's all . we have be up all night . blade nod , not buy she explanation . he shoot a glance to whistler , which do not go unnotice by Karen . karen Excuse I . Karen turn , head for the back of the workshop . int . workshop - bathroom - night Karen enter a dingy bathroom , turn on the overhead bulb . she study she reflection in the mirror above the sink , then grimace as she peel the dress from she wound -- the wound be clearly infect , gangrenous . blade ( o.s. ) it 's start . Karen spin , startle . blade stand behind she . he grip she jaw , turn she head so he can better view the wound . blade you have get another day or two at most . Karen nod , shake . as she move to leave , blade reach for she arm , stop she . blade for what it 's worth , I be sorry . karen you make it sound like I be already dead . blade just stare at she . finally , she pull away . ext . whistler' workshop - dusk close on Karen as she move to the grimy outer window , watch the sun go down , a unmistakable look of dread creep over she . CUT to : ext . landfill ghetto - dusk windy . urban desolation . blade stand on the perimeter of a sprawling cardboard and plywood squatter 's ghetto which have sprung up around the city dump . child and dog forage for salvageable item , while in the distance , dumptruck grind over the dune of refuse . moment later , blade be wind he way through the maze of makeshift home and ashcan fire . a crowd quickly close in around he , suspicious . a brutish man step forward , challenging he -- man extranjero . '' quien es ? blade I be here to see miracia . kam send I . the man turn to he fellow squatter , whispering . after a heat debate , a gaunt woman step forward , motion -- woman this way . CUT to : int . whistler' workshop - night whistler and Karen sit at a work table . Karen be look at a blood smear slide through a microscope . karen all right , let 's start with the basic -- why do vampire need to drink blood ? whistler they own blood can not sustain hemoglobin . karen then vampirism be a genetic defect , just like hemolytic anemia ? whistler nod . karen so what about gene therapy ? whistler look intrigue . Karen continue . karen basically you would have to re-write the victim 's DNA , alter it so that the DNA will produce protein capable of generate hemoglobin . whistler how ? karen with a retrovirus . it 's injected into the bone marrow cell , it cause the host 's DNA to mutate . they have be use they to treat sickle - cell anemia . whistler can hardly believe what he 's hearing . whistler you be serious ? you actually think this could work ? Karen pause -- we can see in she expression that there 's something she 's be hold back . karen on I , yes . on blade , I be not so sure -- ( gravely ) the problem be , blade do not contract the vampire virus from a bite like I do . he be bear with it . the irony be , I could probably cure every vampire but he . whistler then we be back to square one , be not we ? sooner or later , the thirst always win . at that moment , the light in the workshop flicker , then go out . Karen look around the room , alarmed . karen what happen to the power ? whistler ( concerned ) I do not know , but the back - up generator should have kick in . a few second pass . the back - up generator still have not activate . whistler move to the window -- whistler UV floodlight be down too . as whistler reach for a flashlight we hear the sound of glass shatter come from the other end of the workshop . whistler shine the flashlight in that direction . we hear more sound now -- water drain , glass tinkling . whistler raise a finger to he lip , signal silence . he edge towards the black - out curtain , Karen fall in behind he . int . whistler' workshop - tank room - night whistler and Karen enter , cautious -- the tank contain the vampire child have be smashed open . it 's empty now , with just the steadily drain blood seeping across the floor in a widen pool -- and a trail of tiny bloody footprint lead back out into the main workshop . int . whistler' workshop - night Karen scan the shadow , eye alert . we hear a whisper , then a teasing , childish , giggle . whistler move the flashlight in a slow circle , shine the beam over every inch of the room . and just as he 's about to complete he circuit -- the child leap from where it have be hide overhead ! Karen scream . whistler be knock to the floor , the flashlight spin from he hand -- the feral child land atop whistler , hissing like a cobra . its macrocephalic head seem to morph , twist into grotesque proportion . and just as it 's about to strike -- ZzZZ ! whistler withdraw a silver rapier which have be hide inside he cane . he lunge forward -- whoosh ! the child take off like a blue streak , send test tube and medical equipment crashing to the floor . it zip past Karen -- whistler get it !!! Karen snatch up the flashlight , chase after it as whistler struggle to he foot -- Karen sweep the flashlight around , catch only fleeting glimpsis of the child as it dart through the workshop . she reach a shelving unit where whistler 's weapon be store , grab one of the modify pistol -- Karen try to draw a bead on the creature . she fire , miss , fire again -- she 's get more unnerve as the second tick by and the creature be move closer and -- -- suddenly it 's right in front of she , fly through the air , fang bare ! the child knock Karen back against the wall . it 's at she throat , sink its claw into she neck . Karen choke , force whistler 's pistol under the monstrosity 's chin -- -- but then the creature morph again , transform into a beatific little cherubim of a child -- and Karen hesitates , because the child seem so goddamn human now and its eye be luminous , pulsing and hypnotic and -- -- suddenly whistler reach in from behind , yanking the vampire child 's head back , firing a pistol into its skull . the creature slump -- Karen cry out , disgust , fling the corpse away from she . as it continue to writhe -- thunk ! whistler swing he cane- rapier down on the creature , brutally decapitate it . finish the job . then he look to Karen , wind . whistler understand this -- they be monster . hesitate for even a moment , and you have lose . frost ( o.s. ) word to live by , whistler . whistler spin , eye wide . he know that voice . deacon frost step into the pool of illumination throw off by the flashlight , follow by mercury and quinn . frost it 's be a long time , have not it , " old friend " ? ext . landfill ghetto - miracia' cabin - night blade be lead to a plywood cabin crowded with candle - light altar -- garish picture of Saints and demon abound , alongside bottle of root and herb steepe in alcohol , human bone , voodoo doll . miracia sit on a sagging couch outside , clutching a deck of well - thumbed bicycle play card . she 's ancient , with a mouthful of gold - cap tooth and cataract - cloud eye . blind . miracia be something wrong , my friend ? blade you be blind -- miracia there be other way to see . sit. blade approach , uneasy . miracia deal out the play card on a rickety table , set they in nine pile which take on a cross formation . miracia perhaps you have bring I something -- a offer for the orishas ? blade toss a handful of bill on the table . miracia nod , then flip over the first card in the center pile -- a one - eye Jack . she sigh , grave -- miracia hold out you hand . blade I do not come here to get my palm read . I need something translate . miracia show I . blade remove parchment fragment from he jacket and set it on the table . miracia trace she finger over the ancient paper , touch she fingertip to she lip . miracia sangre . written in blood . she run she hand over each line as if it be write in braille . some of the candle gutter , then extinguish themselves as the wind around they rise . miracia this be a old tongue , from a old world . it concern lamagra . blade who be lamagra ? miracia the vampire God . this speak of his return . miracia 's finger search the parchment again . miracia " -- there will come a Day Walker . " ( read ) " his blood will call the sleeper from beyond the veil of tear . " blade stare at miracia , shake . blade his blood -- ? the old woman nod , reach for a smolder cigarette . miracia the Day Walker 's blood be a disparador -- a trigger , you see ? for lamagra 's return . one need only consume it and the spirit of he ancestor will settle upon he . ( read ) " and the sleeper will rise from the shadow anew , cleanse the world in a tide of blood . " blade ( recalling the phrase ) " the blood tide " . miracia ( nodd ) yes . the vampire apocalypse . it be say that all who feel its taint will succumb to the thirst . blade how do I stop it ? miracia shrug , spread she hand . miracia the great wheel turn , my friend . the Dark be rise . how would you fight a shadow ? miracia sit back , slumping into she chair . the candle have burnt themselves down to nothing . miracia I be tired . Dawn be come . blade but I just get here -- miracia you have be here longer than you think . blade rise , look to the horizon . incredibly , dawn be come . as he stand there , mystify , the wind pick up , sweeping the parchment fragment out of he hand . he try to snatch it back , but the fragment be quickly borne away . he watch it disappear into the sky , then turn back -- miracia be go . blade glance around he , but she 's nowhere to be find . camera pull back , isolate blade amidst the ghostly squalor . from we vantage point , he look like any other homeless phantom . int . whistler' workshop - dawn blade step out from the elevator into the workshop -- the place have be trash . it look like a tornado touch down in he absence . blade pull out one of he .454 , cautious -- blade whistler ?! -- and then he stop dead in he track . whistler have be strung up by he arm against the far wall , torture and leave for dead . in response to blade 's voice , a moan escape the die man 's lip . blade rush to the wall , cut whistler down with he sword , gently lowering he to the floor . as he cradle the old man in he arm , blade see the primary wound -- two rag puncture mark along whistler 's throat . blade Jesus , whistler , what do they do to you ? whistler open he eye , struggle to speak -- whistler frost take she -- whistler spasm and cough , wince from the pain . blade do not try to talk -- whistler listen . you have to -- finish I off . you do not want I come back . blade no , we can treat the wound -- but whistler be shaking he hand . whistler too far go , you know that . blade 's at a complete loss . blade whistler , I can not . whistler clutches at blade 's arm , he eye burn with conviction . whistler yes you can . now get on with it . as much as he would like to deny it , blade know that whistler be right . he pull a stake from he bandoleer , hesitates . blade whistler , I -- whistler ( cut he off , more gentle now ) I know . ( force a smile ) just be quick about it , will you ? do it right . blade fight back tear . with a wretch moan , he turn he head and drive the stake into whistler 's chest . whistler gasp . blade wrap he arm around the older man , hold he tight as the life run out of he , rock back and forth -- after a while , the rock stop and blade lay whistler on the floor . then something catch he eye -- a sharp view-camcorder rest nearby , label , " play I " . blade reach for the camcorder , cue the tape -- frost 's face appear on the tiny build - in screen . frost hello , blade . by the time you watch this , whistler will no doubt be wing he way to Heaven , thanks to you capable hand . if it make any difference to you , he put up quite a fight . frost touch a deep gash which run across he cheek . frost now , I be sure you be wonder about Ms. jansen 's well - be . she 's alive and kick -- " ambulatory " , as they like to say in the trade . whether or not she remain so be entirely up to you . ( beat ) I will make this as easy as possible for you , blade . you can find we at the edgewood tower . we will be wait with bait breath . the tape cut to static . blade throw the camcorder against the wall . it shatter into a dozen piece . blade turn now , he eye fall on the medical equipment Karen bring from the hospital . he move to the refrigerator , remove a canister label " sodium citrate " . then he draw he sword . we can practically see the wheel turn within he mind -- moment later , blade stand before the open flame of one of the furnace , heating he sword in the fire . he withdraw it -- it 's molten red . blade turn , dousing the molten hot sword into the sodium citrate canister . the refrigerate liquid react with the heat , cause the sword to steam and hiss . when blade withdraw the smoking sword , we see that the gleam steel have change color , take on a bluish tinge , just like the sodium citrate it be immerse in . blade smile to himself , satisfied . CUT to : int . frost's penthouse , inner chamber - day sparse decor in a neo-japanese vein . minimalist lighting . the wall be glass . recirculating pump send a constant stream of water cascade down they . Karen be escort into the room by mercury . she gesture to a chair at the end of a long table . Karen sit . frost lean forward out of the shadow , rest he elbow on the table , hand steeple together . frost well , here we be , Doctor . a cigarette appear in frost 's hand . in the blink of a eye , the cigarette be light , burn . the movement be so quick we barely have time to register they . karen why have not you kill I yet ? MERCURY deacon like to play with he food before he eat it . frost laugh . Karen try to keep calm . the longer she keep they talk , the longer she remain alive . karen how many of you be there ? frost a few thousand scattered about the globe . in the past , we have have to restrict we number for fear of discovery . that will not be necessary after tonight . karen what happen then ? frost the blood tide . we long - prophesied holy war against the human . there 's a force , you see -- a spirit that exist in we blood . I have discover a way to invoke it . karen lamagra -- frost that 's right . the answer be there all along , of course , scribble down in the forget language of my kind . wait for someone with the patience to decipher they . my elder be foolish enough to dismiss they as wife tale . but I know better . ( beat ) imagine my surprise when blade turn out to be the key which would set that force free . frost sit forward now , impassion . frost lamagra be not a physical be . he 's a spirit , require a flesh and blood host in order to manifest himself . karen you . frost who better to usher in the blood tide ? Karen shake she head , protest -- karen there 's no need for any of this . you condition can be treat . whistler and I be work on a cure when -- frost what make you think we want to be cure ? blood be only part of the equation . the hunt , the kill , that 's what the thirst be really about . karen but you use blood bank -- frost only as a last resort . preserved blood be inferior . there 's no flavor leave to it , no life . ( rise from he seat ) fortunately , I have find a way around that particular obstacle . frost move to the end of the room . he push a button . with a hum the wall slide open , revealing something Karen wish she would never see -- live blood bank . three sedate human have be hook up to iv feed which replenish various nutrient as they blood be drain from they . shunt have be implant in they forearm which serve as tap . frost under this condition I can keep a donor alive for year , produce anywhere from fifty to a hundred pint of blood . ( admire he charge ) of course , this be just a pilot program , really . once the tide come , we will need to expand production . so many more mouth to feed -- Karen turn away , overwhelm by revulsion . karen you be a monster . frost why ? because we live at another species ' expense ? you people farm cattle and veal , do not they ? fatten they up with steroid ? it 's call evolution , Doctor . survival of the fittest . frost stare at Karen with a intense , uncompromising gaze . frost I have a wake - up call for the human race . you be no longer at the top of the food chain . ext . skyscraper rooftop - day blade' Pov a telephoto view of frost 's penthouse . the window be polarize , block out the sun 's harsh ray . blade lower a pair of binocular . he 's stand on the roof of a building across the street . he heft a air-launcher rifle up into fire position -- bang ! a iron spike trail a steel cable rocket through the air between the two building , sink into the concrete facade of frost 's penthouse . blade secure he end of the rope . he slip a pulley over the rope , grab hold of two handle , and leap off the roof ledge ! whoosh ! blade slide towards frost 's penthouse , a good twenty storey above street level . a second before he reach the window , blade let go . momentum send he crashing through in a shower of glass . int . frost's penthouse - day a alarm be ringing . sunlight stream in through the break window . two vampire guard who have be catch in the sudden swath of light be burn up before we eye . blade climb to he foot -- a third vampire leap at he . blade spin , flipping the vampire over he shoulder , send he straight through one of the other window -- ext . frost's penthouse - day the vampire tumble earthward , scream as the sun 's ray ignite he body , fall like a human comet . int . frost's penthouse - day blade unsheathes he sword and head out into the hall -- int . frost's penthouse , hallway - day to blade 's right be the inner chamber with the " waterfall " wall . as another vampire approach , blade ready he sword -- vampire you think I be afraid of that toothpick of yours ? blade you should be . I have make some improvement . and with that , blade thrust he blacken sword forward , right through the vampire 's chest . the creature shriek and atomize - fwoosh !- fly apart in a fine - bead spray of blood mist . up ahead be a set of steel door with a time - lock mechanism . blade draw a casull , blast away at the lock , then shoulder the door open -- int . frost's sleeping chamber - day we be in a windowless , vault - like room dominate by a series of high - tech stainless steel sarcophagi . think of a hyperbaric coffin , each unit possess a small face - plate window through which the sleep subject can be view . blade unsheathes he sword . he grab the lid of the first sarcophagus , heaving upward . with a pneumatic hiss , the lid rise , belching out a cloud of condensation mist . as the mist clear , revealing the occupant within , blade raise he sword , ready to plunge it downward -- only it 's not deacon frost who rest beneath he , it 's -- vanessa , blade 's mother !!! although some thirty year have pass since the event of we prologue , vanessa look exactly the same -- vibrant , beautiful , full of life . her eye open . vanessa Jason . blade gasp , uncomprehend . blade mother -- ?! vanessa rise from the sarcophagus , tear stain she cheek . vanessa I have miss you so much , Jason . ( draw closer ) you have no idea what I have be through , how much I have want to see you -- blade falter , he mind reeling . what he 's see be incomprehensible -- he mother be dead . yet , here she be in the flesh , reach out to he and -- -- flash a mouthful of viper- like fang ! she snarl and strike , brutally rake she claw across blade 's face , knock the sword from he grasp -- a trio of black-clad vampire lead by mercury step from the shadow where they would be wait all along . they be armed with taser which they fire en masse -- blade be hit by the taser dart from all side . he writhes as electricity course through he , then collapse in a heap . he labor to lift he head , look up at vanessa -- blade but you -- die -- vanessa ( a hellish smile ) deacon bring I back . blade fight he -- as if on cue , frost appear at vanessa 's side , wrapping a proprietary arm about she waist , kissing the nape of she neck . she lean into he -- a act of practice intimacy . frost she can not . she 's one of my thralls now . she have about as much free will as a puppet on a string . ( look at vanessa ) you love I , do not you , vanessa ? vanessa yes . frost kiss vanessa hungrily . then he kneel and reach into blade 's jacket , retrieve a vial of blade 's serum . frost what do we have here ? you precious serum ? I do not think you will be need this anymore . frost crush the vial in he fist . blade struggle to reach frost , stretch a palsie hand upwards -- blade please -- vanessa listen to you father , Jason . it 's go to be a better world . blade stare at vanessa uncomprehend . frost do not look so surprised , blade . you have spend you life look for the vampire who fathere you . well you can rest easy now , you have find he . ( grip blade 's chin ) daddy 's here . blade 's eye widen in shock . frost simply laugh . frost it 's true , blade . you have get my blood run through you vein . ( smile ) thirty year ago . a moonlit street , a woman on she way home alone . you be conceive the night I tore my fang into you mother 's flesh . frost swing he fist into blade 's skull . everything go black . CUT to : int . armore truck - night fade in as blade open he eye , still groggy , he face bead with sweat . feverish . his hand have be bound tightly behind he back with manacle and chain . karen sit nearby , watch he . from the steady rock motion and the sound of traffic outside , it 's evident that they be in the back of a move truck . karen be you all right ? blade ( weakly ) I have be better -- blade how long have we be drive ? karen ( shaking she head ) I do not know . I wake up just before you do -- as he struggle to sit up , she cross over to he . blade shut he eye for a moment , fight a wave of pain . karen be it bad ? blade ( nodd ) we get out of this alive , maybe I will take that miracle cure of yours . Karen do not respond . instead she look away . how in the world be she suppose to tell he this ? karen ( quietly ) it will not work on you . blade what be you talk about ? Karen force herself to meet he gaze . karen you condition 's congenital , the genetic mutation occur in utero . all the other victim contract vampirism after birth . blade stare at Karen , disbely . who could imagine a more horrifying irony ? she 's cry now . she can not help it . karen I can not cure you , blade . I can cure myself , but I can not cure you . ( beat ) I be so sorry . blade 's head sink , the last vestige of hope drain out of he . and then , as if the final stake be be pound in , the truck lurch to a stop . we hear the engine be kill , then footstep approach , and then a series of bolt be shifted as -- -- the back of the truck be throw open . frost stand there , grin , flanke by mercury , quinn , vanessa , and a half - dozen other vampire associate . frost welcome home , child . ext . the bank of erebus - night blade and Karen be drag from the back of the truck , which be reveal now to be a armored car . the bank of erebus rise up before they . a tower beaux - art edifice situate in the heart of the city 's high - priced financial district -- one of the many institution own and operate by the vampire enclave . frost start up the marble step towards a grand , triple - arched entrance flanke by corinthian column . Karen and blade be drag along after he . int . bank of erebus - atrium - night frost lead he vampire into a high - ceiling atrium , move towards a bank of elevator -- one of the door of which be outfit with a high - tech hand - key id system . frost place he palm on the id screen . the screen glow GREEN , acknowledge he identity . in response , the door hiss open . int . security elevator - night blade and Karen be pull inside the elevator . the control panel button have vampire glyph , rather than number . frost press the bottom one . the door close with a whoosh and the car descend -- down , down , down . frost glance over at Karen , smile amiably . frost on its surface , this building house one of the city 's oldest financial institution -- and for over two -hundre year its serve we corporate need . look beneath the surface , however , and you will discover another truth entirely -- the elevator chime , have arrive at its destination . the door hiss open , revealing int . the temple of night a vast , barrel - vault chamber line with recess tomb stretch out before we -- a underground cathedral of sort , wringht from alabaster and marble . restrain . elegant . replete with dark splendor . frost as above , so below . torch burn in wall sconce , casting everything in a warm , amber glow . frost take in the beauty of the place . frost welcome to we hall of ancient , Doctor . we call it the Temple of night . blade and Karen be lead to the middle of the room , where a stone altar rise up from a dais . blade be roughly throw to the ground . he kneel there , eye cast downward . Broken . his system be assault by the devastating effect of the thirst . quinn and mercury pick they way through blade 's discard gear . quinn pick up the punch dagger , admire it . frost turn to mercury , who 's be hold blade 's scabbard sword . frost let 's see this sword of he . mercury draw the sword , hand it to frost . he sight down the length of it , testing its weight . with a flick of he wrist , he lash out , slashing blade 's cheek open . frost still quite sharp , I see . blade feebly struggle to rise . frost club he on the back of the neck with the sword pommel . blade crumple . Karen try to pull free , but quinn hold she tight . karen blade -- frost you be waste you breath , woman . he can not hear you now . it 's the thirst , you see ? it already have he in its grip . frost reach down , drag blade 's head up by he hair . Karen watch on as frost continue to taunt he . frost how long have it be since you have you serum ? twelve hour ? more ? you must be quite thirsty by now . he crouch down so he 's eye to eye with blade . frost what do it feel like ? be you blood on fire ? be you burn up inside ? give in to the thirst , blade . embrace you true nature . blade shiver , grit he tooth , it 's like he 's go through heroin withdrawal . blade -- go to hell -- frost smile , he eye burn with a infernal glow . frost I have get news for you , blade . we be already here . frost turn to the other , motion . frost take he to the sanctuary . it 's time he be ble . the other vampire retreat , drag blade along with they . Karen be leave alone with frost and quinn . frost I would let you watch the proceedings , Doctor , but I be afraid that privilege be reserve for member of my own race . do not worry , though , I have make alternate arrangement for you . frost motion and quinn drag Karen towards -- the mouth of a pit some forty foot deep , its lichen - encrust stone wall wear smooth over time . as frost gesture to the yawn darkness beneath they , quinn force Karen towards the edge . frost we call this the bone pit . it 's where we keep we mistake , the one who could not successfully make the transition from human to vampire . frost reach out , caress Karen 's neck , puncture the soft flesh beneath she chin with a razore fingernail . frost they will feed on anything , give the chance -- animal , corpse , even other vampire . frost nod . Karen struggle against quinn , but it 's no good . in a manner of second , she 's fall -- int . bone pit - night -- make a decidedly rough landing on a heap of bone far below . she groans , take stock of she batter body . up above , deacon watch from the lip of the pit , amused . frost of course , a strapping young woman like yourself -- well I think you just might be consider finger food . and with that , he 's go , step away from the pit . int . temple of night - bleeding chamber - night we be in a small , elevate antechamber which be situate above the main vampire sanctuary . blade , now weaken to the point of collapse , be be lash to a rack - like device by iron chain . mercury and she cohort move efficiently , quickly secure he . when they be through , the rack be hoist up into the air via a series of winch - drive chain . with every turn of the winch crank , the chain be draw tighter , cause blade to cry out , until at last , he be suspend in mid-air , spread-eagle . frost approach , still carry blade 's sword . frost it 's be a long road , have not it ? such a pity whistler lead you so far astray . frost cock he head to the side , study blade 's face . frost I do not blame you , though . I want you to know that . even after all you have do . I understand , blade , I really do . it 's the human side of you which have corrupt you reason , make you weak . but we will take care of that , will not we ? blade struggle to lift he head , force himself to match frost 's gaze , shaking with hatred . blade I would kill myself -- before I turn into something like you . frost just smile and shake he head . frost no you would not . I be go to bleed you dry , blade . all the poison that make you human . ( draw closer ) when the tide come , you will be begging I put you through the Change . frost lift up blade 's sword , methodically slitting blade 's wrist one by one . he make the cut lengthwise , open up the cephalic and basilic vein with surgical precision . blood well up from the fresh wound , run down blade 's forearm , collect in a cistern beneath he foot . frost watch the steady , inexorable process , then nod , satisfied . he look to the other who be gather behind he , watch on with silent reverence . frost it 's do . we should ready ourselves for the ritual of invocation . frost lead mercury , quinn , and the other from the sanctuary . blade struggle futilely against he bond , cry out in frustration , he body eventually sagging from exhaustion . vanessa ( o.s. ) there 's no use fight we , Jason . blade look up , focus now on -- vanessa , who have remain behind . blade stare at she . as terrible as he physical torment be , he mother 's betrayal be infinitely worse . blade how could you be a part of this ? vanessa this be my people now . I be one of they . blade you do not have to be . vanessa you do not understand . I have kill , I have hunt , and I have enjoy it . she draw closer , caress she son 's face . there 's just a hint of creepy eroticism in she action , a dash of incest . vanessa I wish you could see the world as I do . deacon open my eye . there 's no turn back from that . blade I do not believe that . vanessa you will . time be on we side . sooner or later , the thirst always win . vanessa turn away now . blade cry after she -- blade mother ! vanessa pause , look back , smile cruelly . vanessa you mother die the night you be bear . and with that , she 's go , melting into the shadow . CUT to : int . the bone pit - night Karen rise , wary , take in she shadow surroundings . heap of human bone be pile against the pit wall -- skull , rib -cage , femur , tibias -- all pick clean of flesh . some of the skull have large , canine - like fang -- the remnant , no doubt , of long - decease vampire . suddenly we hear a whisper of sort , the soft clinking of bone fragment grind together -- Karen spin , try to place the source of the sound . then she hear the SOUND again . behind she now , closer . revenant ( o.s. ) karennnnn -- Karen look up with a grow sense of dread . a face emerge from the darkness . pallid , cadaverous , shed its desiccate flesh . lidless eye like black marble slick with vaseline . a mouth like a raw wound . revenant karreennnnnn . I never think I would see you againnnnn . Karen back away , realize who she 's stand before . karen curtis ?! what use to be curtis snarl , knock Karen back into the drift - pile of bone . it pin she to the ground , kneel above she , gurgle through its gut trachea . curtis revenant tell , I , karennn -- ever have second thought -- about we ? Karen scream , try to force the revenant away from she , but it lunge closer , lolling its distend tongue over she mouth in a pathetic approximation of a french kiss . she fumble behind she , choke , grab hold of a human femur , blindly swinging it upward -- crack ! the blow shatter the curtis-thing 's jaw . it rear back , fall to the side . Karen crawl out from under its weight , swinging the femur again and again -- crack ! crack ! crack ! Karen pummel the howling horror , drive it back until the femur actually splinter in half . the creature 's head hang at a awkward angle now , its neck break -- but still it advance , drag itself back up . sob , Karen retreat , clutching the splinter femur like a makeshift dagger . curtis charge at she , a blur of slashing claw . at the last moment , Karen duck , thrust the bone dagger up into curtis ' chest -- curtis impale himself , right through the heart . for one split - second , he eye widen in surprise -- -- and then he go into a death -spasm , vomit up a spray of caustic vampire blood - bile , spattering Karen . she sink to she knee , gasping , as the thing that use to be curtis shrivel up , melting away into burbling puddle . after a beat , Karen rise and move to the pit wall , run she hand over the lichen -slick surface , search for a way out . the mortar between the brickwork be ancient , crumble . Karen look to the ground , reach for one of the splinter femur . she pound it into the mortar between two brick -- and it hold , work as a makeshift piton . Karen reach for another break femur , lodging it a foot above the first . she haul she body up now , suspending she weight from the two makeshift piton . again , they hold . tremble from exertion , Karen pull the right piton free , hang solely from she leave hand now . though she handhold be precarious , she manage to swing the right hand up again , pound that piton another foot above the leave . in this slow , torturous manner , Karen begin to climb she way up out of the pit . int . temple of night - bleeding chamber - night blade hang from he chain , head slack , eye half - lidd and lusterless . his skin have grow ashen as he life 's blood have be ble away . mercury appear before he , accompany by quinn . she bend in close to kiss blade lightly on the lip . MERCURY it will not be long now , lover . quinn draw alongside she , hefting blade 's punch dagger . he place it against blade 's throat , slowly apply pressure . at this point , blade 's too weak to even resist . quinn we should finish he off . MERCURY ( shaking she head ) no. deacon want he turn . quinn release blade , disgust . quinn Fucking waste , if you ask I . as mercury and quinn exit , the camera drop down to the cistern beneath blade 's foot . we follow the blood which have collect there as it flow into a crude drain and -- int . sanctuary - night -- emerge from the ceiling of the sanctuary below . the stream of blood be direct down the channel of a spiral column , where it finally pool into a wait chalice . pull back to reveal the sanctuary in full . a large circular chamber , the perimeter of which be line with recess alcove housing the remain of the vampire ancient , set into the sanctuary wall like cell in a hive . deacon frost stand in the center of the chamber , allow vanessa to clothe he in ceremonial regalia -- gleam , century - old armor . he pause , kissing she hungrily . have finish suite up , he turn to face the vampire who have be faithful to he cause -- mercury , quinn , a host of other . a hush settles upon they . there 's a excitement in the air , a sense that something remarkable be about to happen . frost tonight be the night we have wait we entire life for . tonight , the blood-dimmed tide be loose upon the world . tonight , the Age of man come to a end . the vampire bellow out a chorus of cheer , they voice resonate off the stone wall like thunder . CUT to : int . temple of night - bone pit - night Karen 's hand appear over the lip of the bone pit . she heave herself up , collapse onto the floor -- -- but there 's no time to rest . even now she can hear the vampire cheering . she drag herself to she foot , let the voice guide she . CUT to : int . antechamber - night Karen slip around a corner , guard , search . she sees blade strung up before she , seemingly lifeless . Karen study the chain which bind blade , follow they back to they source at the winch . she release the brake on the winch crank , send the chain rattling down through the overhead pulley which suspend they . blade crumple to the floor , lie still . Karen be at he side in a instant -- karen ( whisper , urgent ) blade . blade 's eye flicker open , fix on she . inhuman . he 's shaking like a alcoholic go into delirium tremen . int . temple sanctuary - night vanessa hand frost the chalice contain blade 's blood . he lift it up for all to see . the vampire begin to chant en masse , some long - forget invocation in the vampire tongue . frost ( grin , to himself ) " and what rough beast , its hour come round at last , slouches towards bethlehem to be bear ? " frost lift the chalice to he lip and begin to drink . CUT to : int . antechamber - night blade try to sit up , grip Karen 's wrist -- blade get out of here -- karen I be not leave without you . blade you do not understand . the thirst -- he clutches he stomach , experience phenomenal pain . blade ( gasp ) -- tear I -- apart . karen I know . take some of my blood . blade no -- karen it 's the only way . you know that . we will never get out of here alive if you do not . blade suppress a shudder . simply keep himself from attack she take every ounce of he resolve . blade I can not -- I will not be able to stop -- karen yes you will . the human side of you be stronger . I know it be . Karen match blade 's gaze , steeling herself . the truth be , she 's terrify . blade stare back at she . at this moment , he want what Karen be offer more than anything he 's ever desire . and so he rise -- CUT to : int . temple of night - sanctuary - night frost continue drink down the blood , when suddenly , a force seize he body . he throw he head back , eye roll to white , fling the chalice aside . and as the vampire incantation reach a fevere pitch , we see the stone tomb tablet off the vampire ancestor beginning to judder -- as if some force within be try to break free -- CUT to : int . antechamber - night Karen turn she head to the side , bare she neck , offer herself to blade . blade open he mouth . his canine elongate . he lower he head -- -- and start to feed . Karen involuntarily stiffen as blade 's tooth puncture she skin and we -- CUT to : int . temple sanctuary - night frost shake , possess by a unseen force . a wind pick up from nowhere , swirl about the chamber , accompany by a strange humming . suddenly , one of the tomb burst OPEN . a wraith - like spirit rush outward in a fountain of light , penetrate frost 's body . then another tomb split apart . then another , and another -- until a torrent of spirit - wraith be surging into frost , buffete he about like a scarecrow in a cyclone . mercury , vanessa , and the other vampire back away , apprehensive , humble by what they be witness . CUT to : int . antechamber - night blade moan , sink he tooth deeper . Karen 's head roll back . her eye open -- glassy , unsee -- as a wave of ecstasy overtake she . she shudder , she breath quicken , fall into a synchronous rhythm with blade 's . her finger dig deep into he back , claw downward , tear into he -- she 's not Karen anymore -- she 's a red blood cell , a erythrocyte , spin in a river of plasma , roaring up blade 's femoral artery , racing towards the pump chamber of he heart which beat like the deafen breath of God , which blot all other sound out of existence and we be -- cutting back and forth now between frost 's transformation and blade 's , each of they grow stronger by the second , catch in a ever- increase feedback loop of expand energy until -- blade no !!!! blade tear himself from Karen , he pulse racing as -- CUT to : int . temple sanctuary - night -- the invocation of lamagra reach critical mass . frost be consume by a hellish force , unable to withstand the onslaught of spirit energy any longer . CUT to : int . antechamber - night -- Karen claw at blade , tear stream down she cheek . karen do not stop -- but blade grip she by she shoulder , shove she back . Karen stare at blade , wide - eye , as if waking from a trance . she touch the raw wound on she neck , shake -- karen my God -- blade rise to he full height . his strength have more than return , it 's be double by the infusion of real blood . and there 's something else in he gaze now too -- a animal fury that be miss before . blade have take one giant step closer to the darkness . karen ( hesitant ) be you -- all right ? blade pull at the chain manacle to he wrist , snapping they apart like toy . he flexe he hand -- fingernails lengthen to taper point . and he smile , offer we a view of he canine , which have elongate into fang . blade ( near-demonic ) never be better . int . temple sanctuary - night the aftermath . smoke hang heavy in the air , occlude the area where frost have stand . as it dissipate , mercury and the other creep forward , apprehensive -- MERCURY deacon ? frost stand with he back to we , he body trail wisp of occult fume . as he slowly turn , we catch a glimpse of he eye -- burn with a awesome , inner fire . frost no longer . blade ( o.s. ) frost !!! all head turn -- blade stand at the balcony overhead , Karen at he side . he leap from it , somersault down to the floor below , landing on he foot like a predatory cat . blade who die first ? frost ( growl , to the other ) take he . quinn growls , step forward , armed with blade 's punch dagger . he offer he second " new hand " up for view . quinn grew another hand for you sweetmeat -- ( toss the dagger to he new hand ) -- and now I be gonna kill you with it . quinn charge . blade meet the vampire head - on , drop into a low kick and sweeping the vampire 's leg out from under he . he spin behind quinn -- blade let 's see if you can grow a new one of this ! blade hook a finger through the metal ring at the end of he jacket sleeve , pull out a retractable strangle - wire which he twist around quinn 's throat . blade tighten the wire , decapitate quinn . the headless body stagger about , then drop to the cavern floor . blade scoops up he punch dagger -- blade next ? mercury and the other faithful vampire charge en masse . blade launch a spin wheel kick into the first vamp 's face , snapping its neck -- mercury have blade 's .454 casull . she aim they at he -- MERCURY have a taste of you own medicine ! as she fire , blade tuck and roll , knock one of the gun from she hand . the gun spin across the floor , where it 's scoop up by -- karen , who take aim at a approach vamp , blowing it away . meanwhile , blade trap mercury 's other hand , disarming she , flipping she over he shoulder . he heft he casull , blasting she into eternity -- a bloodbath ensue . blade move like speed - personify , firing off one , two , three headshot with brain - numb accuracy , cut down the vampire where they stand . it 's a orgy of gunpowder smoke and shower bodily fluid and - click -ca - ching -click !- blade and Karen have spend they bullet and -- frost ( o.s. ) enough !!! blade turn to face -- frost , who 's advance , clutching blade 's own sword in he hand . he thrust the sword forward -- blade press the grip-trigger on he punch dagger - ching !- the two side blade spread out . we hear the rasp and clang of metal on metal as blade manage to trap the sword - point between two of the dagger blade -- for a moment , both man be eye to eye , they weapon lock together , then , frost force blade backwards -- what happen next be the most blindingly - fast sword fight ever expose to celluloid . both man , fuel by super-human speed , lunge and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal move . frost land a powerful blow on blade 's shoulder , the sword - edge bite deep into the flesh . blade scream . frost withdraw the sword for another strike -- -- until blade see a open and take it , slice frost 's leave arm off at the shoulder -- the severe arm release blade 's sword , but the arm do not fall ! to frost and blade 's mutual surprise the arm float in mid-air , bleed red , quivering like zero - G liquid , then slurping back to frost 's arm - stump to re-attach itself ! undaunted , blade slice the punch dagger into frost 's mid-section , meeting only liquid-like resistance . the moment blade withdraw he dagger , frost 's flesh seal itself up again . blade hesitates now , uncertain -- and frost laugh , understanding what have happen . frost you be too late , blade . I be already change . do not you see ? the sleeper have awaken . I be not just frost anymore . I be become a god now , blood incarnate . even as frost utter the word , he body begin to ripple and morph , bleed red , take on the characteristic of liquid . he do not walk so much now as flow . he 's become a three - dimensional creature of animated blood ! a blood demon . on karen , as she watch frost 's transformation , wide - eye . she sees blade 's discard sword , reach for it -- suddenly , a shadow move on the periphery of she vision -- vanessa rush at Karen in a near-blur . the snarling hellion be upon Karen in a eye-blink , slamming she down against the temple floor , pin she . vanessa do you think I would forget you , you little whore ? back to frost , who tower above blade , sway back and forth in he new , liquid - like form . frost you can not hurt I anymore . whoosh ! frost rise upwards on a spiraling column of blood , howling with laughter , then just as suddenly -- -- splashes back to earth , spread out in a widen pool . in the blink of a eye , he stream through blade 's foot , re-solidify behind blade . blade spin , swing he dagger -- once again , frost morph into blood -form . he race around blade in a series of spout arc , turn from blood - form to solid and back again in a series of split- second transformation . blade whirl , strike with he dagger and miss every time -- whoosh ! frost suddenly dissipate , splashing away into a million zero - G blood bubbles , vanish . blade spin , unnerve , try to pin-point he foe 's next manifestation . blade where be you ?! frost 's voice answer from all direction . frost everywhere . a droplet of blood spatter the floor at blade 's foot . blade look up -- a shower of blood rain from above , coalesc into frost as he sweep down on blade like a giant bird of prey , crush he against the temple floor . frost you want my blood so much ?! take it ! frost 's arm elongate and liquefy , flow into two snake- like spout of blood -- the rest of frost remain solid . the blood -spout twist around blade 's neck , meld together , completely encase blade 's head in a bubble of blood . blade claw at the blood -bubble as if it be a solid object that he could dislodge , but he finger just pass through it ! back to vanessa as she wrap a hand around Karen 's throat , choke she . as Karen struggle , she frees a hand , slide it down to she hip pocket , digging something out -- whistler 's vampire mace canister ! she force it up between they , trigger a jet of toxic mist into vanessa 's face -- vanessa recoil , howling , she head smoking as if it be douse with formic acid , skin sloughing off from she skull . Karen lunge for blade 's sword -- back to frost and blade blade be drown in frost 's blood . his eye bulge . oxygen bubbles stream from he mouth . frost lean in close , he face a twisted mask of insanity . frost I be wrong about you , blade . you be never one of we . you be a traitor to you race . karen ( o.s. ) get away from he ! frost look up -- Karen be wield blade 's sword . she bring it down on frost , sever the blood -tendril which envelope blade . the blood - bubble dissolves instantly , flow away from blade 's face . he gasp , choke in air -- frost back away , horrify . his blood - tendril do not reform . instead , the lay where they fall , solidify into crystalline powder . karen blade ! Karen fling the sword at blade . the sword spin end over end , its mirrore surface reflect coruscate pinwheel of candlelight as blade catch the weapon by its hilt . blade rise , advance on frost , sword outstretch and frost retreat , uncertain now . blade guess you be not quite as invulnerable as you think . frost you be wrong -- a few minute more , and my transition will be complete . even you sword will not be able to affect I then . blade you do not have a few minute , frost . frost eye blade warily , then lunge towards vanessa , sweeping behind she . blade follow , but even as he raise he sword to strike , frost spin vanessa around , use she body as a shield ! blade hesitates , stop the sword in mid-strike , catch he mother 's gaze -- she face be monstrous now , scar by Karen 's poisonous mace . piteous , really . frost smile , for he 's find a final weakness of blade 's to exploit . frost ( laugh cruelly ) just as I think . still chain to you mother 's breast after all this year . in the same instant , vanessa 's feature morph , take on the angelic , youthful vibrancy she possess in the locket photo . frost ( gloat ) you be too human , blade . blade ( steeling himself ) it 's because I be human that I can do this . frost 's eye widen in shock , but he have no time to react , for -- blade be already lunging forward , drive the sword - point through vanessa 's chest , on into frost 's heart ! it strike the stone behind they , shatter and -- frost and vanessa howl as one , they scream rise to a unendurable intensity as the two vampire go nova , explode into a expand ball of light and atomizing blood . blade be throw back off he foot , have to shield he eye from the backlash of occult energy as a near tidal wave of blood surge over he -- ext . bank of erebus - CITY STREET - night every door and window of the bank be blown outward from the force of the explosion . while along the street , manhole cover flip from they mooring , spin up into the air like dime , be buoy by geyser of blood . int . temple sanctuary - night silence , just the steady drip - drip of liquid drain . the underworld temple gleam with a crimson sheen now . on blade as he stir . he 's be blow clear across the sanctuary by the force of the blast , soak to the quick by blood . he rise to he foot , retrieve the hilt of he shattered weapon . at he foot -- the swordblade lie in piece . amidst they , we find the singe remain of the locket -- vanessa 's face barely recognizable beneath the grime . blade stoops to pick it up . karen ( o.s. ) blade ? blade turn . Karen move to he , search he eye . which side of blade 's soul have win out ? human or vampire ? then she sees the tear rim blade 's eye , the first he 's shed in a lifetime . human . they embrace , hold each other that way for a long , long time . and we -- dissolve to : ext . rooftop , bank of erebus - dawn blade and Karen stand on the rooftop , watch as dawn slowly creep across the silent city . karen I never imagine I would be so happy to see the sun rise -- ( turn to he ) it 's over , be not it ? blade for they . but for I -- he lift he face towards the rise sun , let its warmth wash over he upturn face . blade I feel like it 's finally beginning . and on that note we leave they -- two figure , silhouett against the new day . fade to black . the end