blast from the past script by Bill Kelly and Hugh Wilson fade in : scene 1 omitted ext . san fernando valley - night OPEN on a moving wide shot of a mountain range with the distant light of the San Fernando Valley behind it . begin credit as a navy jet drop down into the picture . push in on the jet 's exhaust flame . have the word " the blast " come out of the flame . then there be a slight explosion and the flame intensify . the word " from the past " jump out of the exhaust as the jet momentarily shake . int . jet the pilot feel the jet shake . but he look at he indicator and everything appear to be normal . he relax . ext . jet we begin with a wider rear shot of the jet and allow the plane to move away . then super : " los angele , 1962 " before continue the main title . a popular recording from that period have be play throughout . ext . calvine work shop - night start on a cu of the ham radio antenna , wind gauge and thermometer attach to the roof of calvin 's shop . ( we can hear military air traffic chatter on calvin 's hallicrafter radio . ) then move down to the window where we see calvin Webber tinkering with a gadget at he work bench . calvin 's very pregnant wife helen appear . the music become source . helen for Pete 's sake , calvin ! we have get guest ! calvin sorry , honey ! I just get to fool with this darn rheostat . helen well , put it down and come in ! calvin you bet , hon ! they exit the workshop for the house . calvin have leave the ham radio on . navy pilot ( on radio ) Tower , Wolf one be five mile from the overhead . tower ( on radio ) Wolf one , Tower . report the number . you be number one for the overhead . navy pilot ( on radio ) Wolf one . int . cockpit of jet - same time the young pilot look down at the flash red light on he control panel . he speak into the oxygen mask that hang loosely from he helmet . pilot Tower . Wolf one . I have get a problem here . tower ( oc ) say you problem , Wolf one . be you declare a emergency ? pilot stand by . one . int . dine room dave , betty , bob , and RUTH ( 30' ) pass around the buffet table . another period song be play on the phonograph . betty just remember : do not mention the communist ! dave calvin 's a great guy , but he 's a little , you know ... betty nutty . RUTH what 's he wife like ? betty oh , you know , housewife . dave like to cook . pregnant . RUTH normal , then . betty well , I would not go that far . ( then ) helen ! helen have enter from the kitchen with more food . she favor June allison . helen hi , Betty ! Dave ! betty just look at you ! helen any day now ! betty this be my sister and she husband . helen oh , hi ! welcome ! int . live room calvin be use a cocktail shaker to very carefully make Rob roy for the crowd at the bar . it 's like watch a chemist at work . calvin 's a pipe-smoker . calvin so anyhow this duck say to the clerk , " I would like to buy this lip balm . " and the clerk say , " will that be cash or a check ? " and the duck say , " just put it on my bill ! " polite laughter follow , but the guy out of calvin 's sight - line roll he eye . angle - dave and bob with drink . helen be in the b.g. , rush around , over - serve everyone . dave he be the golden - boy professor at Cal tech . but then he start invent thing . bob what kind of thing ? dave you get I . some kind of special synthetic rubber . and some kind of automated machine . anyhow , suddenly he get rich . I mean rich ! and quit teach . angle - calvin as he guest sample they Rob roy . calvin how 's that ? guest just what the doctor order ! calvin give the man he patent thumb - up sign . angle - betty and RUTH over by the patio door . we can see calvin 's shop through the window . betty with all he money they could have move to beverly Hills , but they decide to stay in the Valley . calvin spend all he time tinkering out there in he workshop . if you ask I it 's all very strange . woman guest # 1 ( chime in ) he dig a huge hole out there for a swim pool . then he decide he do not want it and fill the thing in . and what 's that big , high fence for ? the woman look at calvin . angle - calvin with guest ( one be call harold ) at the bar . calvin there currently exist a type of neon light that last five year . but you will not see it on the market . same be true of battery . I could take you simple yacht battery and rig it to last a decade , easily . harold well , what the heck kind of a marketing system can not get great new product like that out to the public ? calvin ( intense ) a veeeery good one , harold . free market capitalism may not be a perfect order , but it 's the best we have get , or will ever have . and why ? Three reason ! poor harold . int . kitchen - same time most of the guest be woman , gab and help helen out as she remove a pot roast from the oven and busily jump around the kitchen . woman guest # 2 say , helen ? what do calvin think about this trouble down in Cuba ? helen ( roll she eye ) oh , please do not bring that up ! ext . house - night , moment later a late guest name ron hurry up the walkway and into the house . scene 8 omitted int . live room - a second later calvin be with another guest . calvin I would say my baseball card collection be as complete as any one I have ever see . ron push he way through the crowd . ron calvin ! hey , calvin ! ( point over he shoulder ) Kennedy 's go toe- to - toe with khrushchev on the television ! calvin immediately head for the family room . other follow . int . family room - moment later everyone be huddle around the JFK tv press conference . there seem to be a lot of smoker . helen appear shortly , wear a hot pad mitten on each hand . JFK ... this sudden , clandestine decision to station strategic weapon for the first time outside of Soviet soil , be a deliberately provocative and unjustified change in the status quo which cannot be accept by this country . calvin cut a know look at helen who dutifully return it . ext . jet - night the plane swoops over the Valley and we see the spectacular light of L.A. sprawl . there be a trail of SPARKS come from the jet 's engine . int . jet cockpit the plane be shaking terribly and the pilot be have a very hard time control it . tower Wolf one -- say intention . pilot I have get secondary of a engine fire and I will need to find a clear area to eject . tower Roger , Wolf one . can you make it to the ocean ? ext . jet the tremble plane circle to the west . int . family room return to tv . JFK ... we will not prematurely or unnecessarily risk the cost of worldwide nuclear war , in which even the fruit of victory would be ash in we mouth . but neither will we shrink from the risk at any time it must be face . int . live room - night / ext . house , moment later to helen 's embarrassment , calvin be ushere all the guest to the front door . helen be pass out hat and purse . she and calvin speak simultaneously - somewhere in the middle we cut outside . calvin I be sorry everyone , but give this extraordinary turn of event , I think it 's prudent that we cut the evening short . I be sure this Cuban thing will resolve itself , but in the meantime ... I would suggest take a prayerful watch - and -wait stance ! helen we will do this again ! maybe next week . here 's you hat . could I wrap something up for you ? do you have a coat ? helen can barely get a " good night " out before calvin shut the door . angle - dave and bob follow they wife out . dave ( sotto to Bob ) what would I tell ya ?! Bob whistle softly . calvin 's a nut all right . int . front door calvin turn to helen , a grave expression on he face . calvin it 's time . helen ( misinterprete , hold she stomach ) time ? oh , no calvin . it 's not time yet . I still have -- he point down . helen ( cont would ) oh , that time ! you know calvin , I be not sure I be really ready for this . calvin on the contrary , I think we be the only one who be . he lead she out of shot . helen ( oc ) calvin I be sure everything 's go to be all right . I just know it be ! ext . backyard - moment later calvin and helen leave the house ; cross the patio ; and hurry to the shop . back in the house , the record player have be leave on : " how much be that doggie in the window ...? " helen be carry the pot roast which be wrap in foil . helen well , I be certainly not go to let the pot roast go to waste . could you just put that seat cover back on that lawn chair ? he do . helen ( cont would ) should not we at least turn off the phonograph ? calvin it shut off automatically . helen do you rig it to do that ? you be so clever . calvin no . they all do . helen I never know anymore . the SOUND of the trainer jet make a low pass over calvin 's house . calvin stick he head out the door and look up . calvin I bet that 's a fighter jet on he way to Key West ! good luck , amigo ! int . workshop they enter . the place be full of tool and gadget -- mostly construction equipment . the ham radio be still on . tower a emergency have be declare . I repeat , a emergency have be declare . calvin and helen speak over the Tower who be tell other aircraft in the vicinity to clear the area . calvin you hear that ?! helen yes . calvin unplug the radio and quickly wrap the cord . calvin we can listen to the rest downstairs ! he push aside a table that be hide a hatch in the floor and unlock it by turn the hatch 's wheel . then he open the hatch and reach inside to turn on a light . Red submarine light shine up from below . all the while he and helen be chat : helen calvin , I wish you would have at least let I do the dish . it 's not go to be that easy get all that dry - on food off my nice plate . calvin I just hope that plate be not radioactive by tomorrow morning . helen cheese be particularly troublesome . calvin worse than you kraft holiday dip ? helen oh , much worse . but not as bad as that mexican jumping bean dip . you remember that ? calvin yeah , yeah . okay . give I the roast and watch you step . I will come back for the radio . she step into the hatch and onto a ladder . int . jet - night the young pilot be bounce around the now smokey cockpit . pilot Tower , say again !! tower the sar helo be airborne with you in sight . pilot I be mark the 180 radial for five and eject . tower Roger , Wolf one . the pilot rights the plane ; point the joy stick ; and reach for the ejection handle between he leg . ext . jet the pilot eject . int . empty cockpit this be the pilot 's Pov ( be there a pilot . ) we see the coastline and we notice that the plane be make a ... U - turn , away from the water and back towards the Valley . ext . jet streak back to the Valley with a dramatic tail of spark . ext . the parachuting pilot he notice that he plane be head directly at he . it miss he by a matter of yard . int . ladder - continuous take the liberty of a cutaway section , we follow they down the ladder which be inside a corrugate metal tube . on either side of the tube we see layer of dirt . helen how long will we have to stay down here ? calvin I do not know . for this thing to blow over , it could take day . helen day ?? calvin Rather safe than sorry . that 's my motto ! helen but , what if I go into labor ? that could happen any time . calvin I have read up on it . I will deliver the baby myself if I have to . helen now you listen to I calvin Webber , when this baby come , you be go to be out in the wait room smoking yourself to death with all the other father . calvin ( chuckle ) yes , dear ! helen as long as we have get that straight . ext . jet - same time it complete its turn and streak skyward at a 90 degree angle to the ground ... until it sputter and the engine stop . then , after a Road runner - like beat or two , it begin to fall directly back to earth , tail first . int . SMALL anteroom - same time the webber step off a metal ladder and face a vault - like chrome hatchway . calvin open the six -inch thick door by push another switch on he small box . helen take the roast . ext . jet - night with only the sound of wind , the jet continue to fall as the light of the Valley rush up to meet it . int . shelter - continuous they step into a darken room . calvin ( with arm spread ) Home sweet home ! helen to you maybe . calvin flick a wall switch and we hear a series of light coming on . the echoe of the sound suggest a large , cavernous space . all we can see be the cinder block wall behind they and the hatch door , which calvin begin to shut by put he body into it . just then there be a tremendous double explosion from above which knock they to the floor . ( note : helen hang on to the roast , try she best not to drop it . ) the ladder , corrugate tube , roof , and lot or dirt and rock begin to crash down into the anteroom . calvin struggle to he foot and get the vault door shut just in the nick of time . helen what be that ?! calvin be you all right ?! hanging on to the roast she nod vigorously , try to be brave . helen yes , I think so . calvin hurry to a bright red metal BOX on the wall . next to the box be a large thermometer or gauge that 's label " Radiation Count . " there be other gauge that be drop to zero . calvin oh , no ! it 's happen ! look at that heat !! all my surface indicator be knock out ! oh , my Lord ... it 's actually happen !! inter CUT - cu of BOX and thermometer the box have a dial on it , next to which be a large lever . a forebode sign read hatchway time lock , use extreme caution . calvin pull the lever . back to scene the chrome and steel exit hatchway automatically lock with great noise , precision and ... finality . there be the SOUND of a rear door do the same thing . helen what 's that noise ? calvin the lock . helen the lock ? calvin to keep we from try to leave . after a atomic blast there 's a radiation half - life that last thirty five year . helen thirty - five year ! calvin then after that it 's safe . helen it 's safe . she continue to stare at he . calvin to go up . helen to go up . she continue to stare at he . calvin ( confidently ) hey , honey . do not you worry . we be go to be just fine . helen burst into tear . ext webber patio - day two police detective , levy and atkinson , exit the house . uniform worker carefully carry small piece of the jet from the crash site . the detective lead we to what 's leave of calvin 's shop . it 's mostly a char crater . levy accord to caltech , this Webber guy be a bonafide genius and a borderline nutcase . atkinson well , he and Mrs. nutcase must have be out here when the plane hit . levy unless we get a postcard or something ' , that 's my guess . atkinson what about relative ? levy all back East . atkinson the neighbor over there say the guy spend day and night out here . she would bring he sandwich and hot Dr. pepper . levy he drank it hot ? atkinson yeah . levy good god . atkinson yeah . int . master bedroom - same time ( 12 hour after blast ) helen awake alone and still dress . she sit up and trys the phone on the night table . it be dead . she hang up and exit . int . kitchen / live room / patio calvin be make sandwich from the pot roast . two empty Doctor pepper bottle sit next to the stove where calvin be heating the soda . he see helen enter the livingroom . calvin hi , honey ! feeling better ? helen no . calvin we have to be strong , sweetheart . if not for ourselves , for the child . helen all we friend ... he enter with she sandwich and a cup of Dr. pepper . calvin burnt to a crisp . ( indicate sandwich ) I have give you the most well - do cut . helen I be not hungry . calvin hot Dr. pepper ! you favorite ! helen ( leave ) no , calvin , you be favorite . calvin really ? she walk out onto the patio . she rub she arm as if cold . calvin a bit chilly ? should not be . temperature 's a nice 73 degree . he follow she out to the patio . helen maybe I have just get the creep . calvin how could you ?! this be just like home ! a reverse angle show for the first time the rest of the fallout shelter -- which look very different from " home " . perhaps she start to cry again . helen no. no! calvin , this be different ! believe I ! calvin would you like a tranquilizer ? helen you have tranquilizers ? calvin I tell you ! I have get everything ! helen groan in pain . helen oh , no . calvin what ? helen uh , oh . now it 's time . calvin honey ? scene 29b omitted scene 29c omitted scene 29d omitted scene 29e omitted int . very wide of the shelter - hour later we can only hear Adam 's entrance into the world . there be helen 's pain , follow by Adam 's cry , follow by calvin 's rejoice . calvin ( oc ) the first child to be bear on earth after the annihilation !! int . shelter - day later super : several day later start on the record player in the live room . the country and western classic " hey , good look " be spin . omit scene 30 int . shelter , battery room - same time calvin walk through check thing over ; pleased by what he see . he exit . ( " hey good look " continue . ) int . shelter , fish farm - continuous calvin check the switch he use to control the light . then he check out all the tiny fish swim in the six foot by six foot tank . when he hear a baby 's cry he hurry away . ( Music continue ) int . shelter , master bedroom calvin enter and smile with great affection at he family : helen and a newborn son cradle next to she in bed . calvin be there a problem ? helen no , calvin . Babies cry . calvin I have notice . helen what shall we call he ? calvin shrug . helen ( cont would ) well , I be think ... in light of the situation ... that we should call he Adam . that 's not sacrilegious be it ? calvin no . I think it 's just right . helen and I be wonder ...if... if I could have a ... calvin yes ! helen if I ... you know ... calvin what ? whatever you want , helen ! she point upwards . helen I want a bedroom ceiling . they both look up . then he tell she . calvin you have get it ! calvin happily give she he patent thumb - up sign . a montage : 1 ) calvin , in a large supply room , pick out the plywood he'll need for the ceiling . ( 60's happy , busy score cover all this . ) 2 ) helen , carry little adam ( three day old ) onto the fake patio ( with the plastic plant and the plastic grass ) . she look up at calvin who' on a ladder installing a ceiling . super : several week later 3 ) in the family room , calvin show helen how he's rigged a projector to throw a picture onto the tv screen . she be thrilled to see " the honeymooners ! " MAIN title come on . adam , lying on a quilt by helen' chair , be about four week old . ( it's important here that we see a 8 mm film BOX with the " I love lucy " logo on it ) super : several month later 4 ) total darkness . then calvin flick a switch and a bank of overhead light come on to simulate sunlight . under the light be soil beds on wooden table . calvin be excite to show helen the tiny , young carrot coming up . helen hold adam at three month old . super : a year later 5 ) in the dine room , helen be serving pot roast and some very nice looking carrot . adam be six month old . he watch he parent as they say grace . 6 ) helen " shop " for supplies in the large storeroom . adam , one year old , ride in the shopping cart .( 1963 ) 7 ) calvin nets a wiggling , fully grown fish . 8 ) the family watch " the honeymooners " together . ( adam be still one year old . ) calvin enjoy he pipe in the livingroom 9 ) calvin examine the rear hatchway as helen approach with adam in her arm . helen ( oc ) calvin ?! calvin right here ! helen ( arrive ) we look all over for you . what be you do back here ? calvin oh , I be just examine this rear hatchway . helen why ? calvin no reason . ( then , off she look ) well , it 's pretty clear that the front entrance cave in when the bomb go off . so , you know , when the time be up , we will have to return to the surface use , you know , this back entrance . which be very nice because it have the service elevator ! helen very nice . unless it cave in , too . calvin yes. well ... yes . a sober beat , then : calvin ( cont would ) you want to see I ? helen nod vigorously . helen watch this ! calvin what ? she set Adam ( one year old ) down on he wobbly little leg , steadying he at the shoulder . helen go to daddy , Adam . go to daddy . and Adam take he first step . and then another ! and another ! it 's a joyous event . camera leave they and travel upward through the ceiling and then , again using the device of a cutaway , it continue through dirt and sediment all the way up to the surface -- where the backyard avocado tree be be bulldozed and the back fence have already be torn down . the webber house face a quiet residential STREET , but it backed onto victory avenue ( or one of that valley avenue ) and in the late fiftie and early sixties that MAIN thoroughfare went commercial . a sign tell we that this be the future site of mom be malt shop . " some workmen with shovel have discover the rear shelter door where they have be digging . workman # 1 hey , boss ! the construction boss come over for a look . workman # 1 what do you make of this ? boss damn if I know . workman # 2 I bet it 's some kinda septic tank . workman # 1 I have never see a septic tank that look like that . boss well , do not fool with it . if it be a septic tank , I sure as hell do not want to open it . we will just lay the foundation over it . workman # 1 okay . ext . webber house , patio ( the real one ) - day , same time a realtor step out with a couple look to buy the house . realtor ... and since it 's almost certain that the webber be kill , the bank be sell the house and that back parcel over there that 's be re-zone commercial . it 's right there on the avenue . woman buyer be that where the plane crash ? she point out to a level lawn where the shop use to be . we can see the malt shop construction crew beyond that . realtor yep , right there . man buyer this place give I the willy . realtor yeah , I know what you mean . but the price be right . ext . back at the malt shop construction sight - continuous , day the guy drive the heavy front loader let the bucket slam to the ground hard . int . back at the shelter rear door - continuous calvin vaguely hear the noise make by the front loader . int . shelter , live room - evening ( 1965 - 66 ) super : 1965 calvin smoke he pipe and enjoy a Manhattan cocktail as Adam ( three and a half ) sit in he lap read the title page from Alice in wonderland . adam Al ice in win der lan . calvin smile pridefully over at helen who work intensely on the couch make a coffee-can Santa from instruction in the the redbook craft Collection . calvin not bad for a three and a half year old ! I would like to see the public school system match that ! I do not care how terrific it be ! helen yes , he 's very bright , dear . much like he father . but you know , calvin , maybe he 's a little ... young for school . calvin nonsense . people have no idea what the human mind be capable of . look at we ! helen ponder that statement . adam ( point to the book 's art work ) look , daddy . Alice go down a hole , just like we . calvin smile and mess up Adam 's hair . adam ( cont would ) will I ever get to go up on top ? calvin yes , you certainly will . and you ' will find a nice girl and rebuild America . just the way it use to be . helen oh , calvin , I be not sure we should be make promise that perhaps can not be keep . calvin I believe there will be other survivor . in fact , I be guess there 's life on the surface , even now . it 's not life worth live perhaps , but believe I , something 's move around up there . and I do not just mean the cockroach . they both look nervously up at the ceiling . ext . mom' malt shop ( now finished ) - day ( 1965 - 66 ) car pass by on the busy avenue . int . mom' malt shop - continuous clean CUT surfer kide be be serve they favorite ice - cream and malt treat by mom herself and a young soda jerk . appropriate music come from the jukebox . mom I be go to need two more banana - split and a cherry coke ! soda jerk you bet , Mom ! come up ! two young men in beatle haircut enter . everyone look at they in amazement . ( perhaps there be also a record change here . ) int . shelter , classroom - day ( 65 - 66 ) calvin be building and furnish a classroom from material available to he . he have have the forethought to bring down the book need for he child 's education . Little Adam be watch he . calvin ( to Adam ) nothing in the world be more fun than learn new thing . int . family room - night the family watch the same " honeymooner " clip they watch before . calvin still find it funny . helen wonder about that . int . bedroom - later helen be pour cooking sherry into a empty listerine bottle . ext . malt shop - day ( 1970 - 71 ) super : 1970 other building have be construct around the malt shop . Foot and car traffic be heavier . int . malt shop - same time the clean - cut kid have be replace by flower child . Mom have not put a lot back into the decor , but she have make concession to the fashion of the time . the jukebox play something appropriate . Mom and the jerk be five year older . mom I can not tell the boy from the girl anymore ! soda jerk ( stone ) uh...yeah . it 's like hard . Mom give the jerk a suspicious look . int . shelter - day ( 1970 - 71 ) calvin ( 40 ) be give Adam ( 8 ) a box lesson . they work from a " how to " book and use glove make from live room pillow . Adam 's pretty good . helen appear and watch with pride . then she interupt . helen boy ! Excuse I , but I believe it 's my turn . ( hold out she hand ) Adam ? he go to she . int . shelter - minute later the hydroponic garden area be empty . a perry como song begin and Adam and helen enter waltzing . Adam have change shirt and comb he hair . somewhere , calvin be watch with pride . after a while calvin cut in . he and helen dance beautifully . then they kiss . somewhere , Adam be watch with pride . int . malt shop - day ( 1975 - 76 ) super : 1975 the place continue its decline . acid rock play loudly . Mom and the jerk serve the smallish crowd . mom I miss that nice flower - power kid . how ' bout you ? soda jerk ( after study she for some time ) um ...uh ... the acid rock song end and a early , bad disco hit come on the jukebox . mom what the hell kind of music be that ?! the jerk put he hand to he ear , he so hate the new music . soda jerk oh , man . I be like not sure I like that . int . shelter , classroom ( 1975 - 76 ) the room look like ricky Nelson 's class . there be twin picture of ike and JFK on the wall . Adam be eleven . calvin this be what money look like . it come like this , in coin , or like this in paper . or you can have a " investment . " this be stock " certificate " that we buy in you name . of course , they be worthless now , but at one time they be quite valuable . adam they be pretty . can I have they ? calvin sure . now , let 's move on to we french exam . adam Latin exam , dad . it 's Tuesday . calvin you be right ! it 's Tuesday already ! by gosh , time fly , do not it ?! adam tempus fugit ! calvin en arte voluptus . que les bon temp roulÈ ! adam gerade aus dann link ! calvin sorgen sie bitte dafur das die gepack sorgfaltic behandeldt warren ! adam haben sie etuas nettes in leder ?! calvin ( marvel ) you know , you have a wonderful sense of humor , son ! I must say , the acorn do not fall very far from the tree . by the way , it 's time I give you something . come with I . Adam follow he dad out . int . shuffleboard court - continuous they pass helen who be absentmindedly poke at the puck with a stick . she 's not have a very good day . she wear she hair dryer but it 's not plugge in . calvin hi , honey ! helen hi. int . bedroom - moment later calvin hand Adam a cigar box . Adam open it to see calvin 's remarkable baseball card collection . adam this be wonderful . calvin it 's my entire baseball collection . it 's yours now . adam what 's baseball ? calvin it 's a game , son . I can explain it pretty easily . there 's a pitcher . adam like a painting ? calvin ( chuckle ) no , son . a pitcher . adam like one of Mom 's ? calvin uh , no . there 's a man who throw the ball -- to a man who have a bat . adam the nocturnal fly mammal ? calvin ( slightly piss ) no . sit down . they do . int . shelter - night start close on flash roller skate . then cut wider to show Adam roller skate . he pass helen who have fall asleep knitting in one of the lawn chair . then Adam pass calvin who be on a ladder solder a leak ceiling pipe . ext . malt shop - day ( 1991 ) super : 1991 two punk with spike green hair enter to the strain of " my sharona . " int . malt shop - day ( 1991 ) Mom watch the punk enter . then cross to the soda jerk who now have a tattoo on he forehead . mom I be sell this place . I want out of this hell hole ! soda jerk could I , like ...oh , wow ... like , uh ... mom buy it from I ? soda jerk yeah ! yeah , that 's it ! mom I will give it to ya , no money down . the neighborhood have go to hell anyway . she walk off . soda jerk cool . int . kitchen ( 1995 ) super : 1995 helen have prepare a birthday cake . have no birthday candle , she 's use three votive candle . we can hear calvin and Adam talk in the dining room . ( she and calvin be now in they 60' . ) calvin ( oc ) no , no ! the runner on second go to third ! he 's out there ! adam ( oc ) why ? calvin ( oc ) because he 's force out at third ! it 's a force ! adam ( oc ) then why go there ? calvin ( oc ) because he must ! helen calvin ! calvin ( oc ) come ! calvin enter . calvin ( cont would ) yes , dear ? helen get the present and do the light . calvin you bet . calvin leave while helen light the candle . the whole shelter go dark . calvin return with two present wrap in whatever be available . int . dine room - continuous helen and calvin enter sing happy birthday . we see the adult adam for the first time in silhouette . his handsome face be reveal to we when the cake be place before he . adam thank you , Mom ! thanks , dad ! calvin blow out the candle ! helen make a wish ! he do both . his parent clap . helen take one of the present from calvin and give it to Adam . he unwrap it . it 's a green coat . adam oh , boy ! a jacket ! calvin you mom make that all by herself . adam no kid ! helen no kid . ( aside , to calvin ) who else would have do it ? calvin and I make this ! he give Adam the second present . Adam tear off the paper to find a pair of roller - skate that calvin have redesign . the new skate look kind of like rollerblade . adam Holy cow ! what the heck be this ?! calvin you roller-skate ! I redesign they ! I think this new design will work even better ! adam this be really swell ! I mean swell ! helen what do you wish for , Adam ? calvin if he tell , it will not come true ! helen oh , that 's just a bunch of baloney ! we never believe that in my family ! calvin well , we do in my family ! adam I wish I could meet a girl . his parent do not have a reply for that . helen oh . a nice one , I hope . adam yes , mar 'am . calvin one who do not glow in the dark . helen calvin Webber ! what a thing to say ! calvin well , we will be go up in two year . we will know then . I be very hopeful . adam ( ardently ) I , too . his parent stare at he for a beat , then : helen let 's eat we cake . calvin yeah . let 's dig in ! they do . helen elbow , son. adam sorry , Mom ! helen you never know . you may someday dine at the White House with the president . calvin if we still have one . helen yes ... calvin you know , when we do go up ... I be go to miss this old place . how ' bout you , hon ? helen ( after a beat ) would you excuse I ? calvin sure . helen rise and exit . scene 48 omitted scene 49 omitted scene 50 omitted scene 51 omitted scene 52 omitted scene 53 omitted scene 54 omitted scene 55 omitted scene 56 omitted scene 57 omitted scene 58 omitted int . battery room - later , same night helen enter and go into the generator room . through the glass we can see ( and hear ) she scream . straighten she hair and feel much better , she exit as calvin stroll by wear he tool belt . she 's head out . calvin in the generator room again ? helen oh , yes . it just fascinate I how all this thing work . calvin I know exactly what you mean ! ( then ) hey , honey ? she turn to he . he give she he patent thumb up sign . calvin ( cont would ) great cake !! she smile wanely and leave . he shut the generator door she leave open . scene 60 omitted scene 61 omitted int . shelter , live room - very early morning super : the present the room be quiet and empty . the star-burst wall clock on the panele say 6:15 . int . shelter , kitchen - same time also empty . int . storeroom - same time also empty . and with meager supplies on the shelf . int . power and pump room - same time the old pipe be rusted and patch . some be leak badly . int . master bedroom - same time calvin wake up . he look over at helen 's bed . angle - helen she wake up . then jump out of bed . scene 67 omitted close on the red metal BOX that have be tick on the wall for thirty - five year . suddenly it stop ticking and a rather annoying alarm goe off . calvin 's hand reach up and turn it off by throw the lever up . another angle show we the mechanism on the front hatchway switch to OPEN with a loud , vault - like move . another angle reveal the family in they pajamas stand in front of the front hatchway and red box . adam so ...we just open this door and go up ? calvin grab a handle and use all he strength , open the front entrance hatch . and then must jump back when nothing but earth and rock pour into the room . adam um ... be that suppose to happen ? his parent take a beat then race off like maniac through the entire shelter to the back hatch door . they knock over whatever get in they way as they go . Adam follow . adam hey , where be we go ?! be everything all right ?! int . back hatchway - moment later calvin and helen arrive follow by Adam who can not possibly share he parent 's deep concern . everyone be out of breath . calvin should we say a little prayer first ? helen just open the door . calvin attempt to open the big hatch , but can not . Adam help he . helen pitch in . slowly , with lot of squeaking , the door open . he step through the hatch and flip a wall switch . Red submarine light come on .... and the service elevator be intact . int . anteroom - continuous helen step through and embrace calvin joyfully . the old folk break into a dance as Adam enter . adam well , do we just go on up ?! calvin ( quickly back to business , and way too dramatic ) no , son ! we wait for night . now ... be precisely when ... we must be at we ... most cautious . helen ( barely a whisper , but definitely tired of he b.s. ) oh , shit . helen 's eye widen and she hand fly up to she mouth . she be just as shocked as calvin . calvin helen - Thomas - Webber ! maybe we have be down here a little too long ! ( to Adam ) please excuse she french . adam shit be a french word ? helen yes , yes it be ! calvin it 's a archaic colloquialism , roughly meaning ... " good " . helen yes ! that 's right ! adam oh. ( then ) well ... then ... shit ! there be a pause , then : calvin c'est bon , monsieur . adam merci! scene 71 omitted ext . the malt shop - night Cars flash by in a rare L.A. downpour . all that 's leave of Mom 's be a empty build with a paint - out front window and a " for sale or Rent " sign . there 's another shop attach to it camera right but we can not see what it be . the alley way on the leave have always be there . int . malt shop - continuous two drunk bum be share a bottle . one of they be the soda jerk , now a dissipate middle - age man ( with a tattoo on he forehead . ) soda jerk ... all of this thing ... alcoholics anonymous ... Cocaine anonymous ... heroin anonymous . other bum there 's a heroin anonymous ? soda jerk shut up ! all of this thing ... ask you to believe in a power great than yourself ! some sort of God on High ! well ... I have lift my eye skyward a time or two ... and I have certainly not see anything come from up there except a goddamn airplane -- that I can not afford to get on ! the cement floor of the old malt shop begin to quiver and rumble . other bum earthquake ! another earthquake ! soda jerk let she come ! let 's get this over with ! and please , if there be a God , let it be worse in bel Air !! the other bum stagger to he foot and split for a back window . soda jerk be fearless . until finally the hydraulic door of the back entrance split the floor with a eerie , struggle whine and large chunks of cement go flying . then up come red submarine light follow by calvin in he big yellow suit with geiger counter tick . soda jerk oh , God ! oh , God !! oh , God , save I !! for I have see the light !! calvin raise he hand and yell through he mask . calvin I come in peace !! the soda jerk faint . calvin , sounding like a deep sea diver and have to walk like frankenstein , go over to the soda jerk and study he face in the light of he flashlight . he be horrify by what he see . calvin my , gosh ... calvin look around the room and head for the back . he move he geiger counter around and get a quiet ( safe ) read . then he remove a kitchen match from a plastic container and strike it against the wall . the match burn , so calvin take off he hood and visor and breathes the air . it stink in there . ext . malt shop - moment later , raining calvin ( out of the head gear and top of the suit ) slowly push the door open and step out . he 's surprised to find a empty body shop behind the malt shop , where the avocado tree should be . calvin where be my backyard ? he point he flashlight around and head for the alley to he leave . ext . alley - a moment later , raining derelict car leave over from the body shop sit against a fence . calvin marvel at the car , even in they present condition . in a tighter shot he study the chrome - plate word " Toyota . " a homeless man arrive to search through the garbage . calvin hurry back towards the avenue . scene 76 omitted ext . malt shop - ten minute later , rain calvin emerge from the alley that separate the malt shop from another storefront ( perhaps now a rundown thai restaurant . ) closer on he watch the car fly by on the wet avenue . suddenly , a cross-dressing STREET WALKER step up to he with a cigarette . STREET WALKER you get a light , honey ? calvin what ?! a light ! yes , I have get a light ! STREET WALKER good . fumble , he finally get she little cigar light with one of he kitchen match . calvin so...you ... survive the blast , do you ? STREET WALKER the blast ? honey , I have survive a host of thing . like the song say : " a country boy can survive ! " calvin yes , yes , the song . so tell I ... have it be ... hell up here ? STREET WALKER " Hell up here ? " honey , it 's be hell up here , down there and over yonder ! Hell everywhere . calvin yes , I can tell that just look around . ( then ) " Boy ? " do you say you be a " country boy ? " STREET WALKER cute Little Old man , if you want a boy , I can be a boy . and if you want a girl , I can be a girl . I can be anything you want I to be ! calvin really ? STREET WALKER uh-huh . and it 's all yours for the remarkably low price of only $ 200 ! and if you act now , I might even throw in some free lawn furniture . calvin ( stumbling away from she ) no , I can not . I be sorry ! I have to go ! I have to ... he break into a trot , head up the street past a seedy bar ( use to be the convenience store ) just as a hopelessly drunk hag of a woman be shove out and tell to stay out . calvin watch as the woman stumble to the curb where she toss she cookie . two low rider hop by full of taunting young hispanic gang member , one of whom brandish a pistol and , just for fun , point it at calvin . when calvin see the pistol he duck into the adult bookstore . the young gang member pull the trigger and we ( not calvin ) see that the realistic-looking pistol be really a water gun . int . adult book and video store calvin race in and , gather himself , address the pakistani man behind the counter . calvin hello ! how be you this evening ?! mind if I , you know , browse around ?! the clerk just watch he . calvin thank - q very much ! then calvin turn and have he first look at the material ... and he grab he heart and scream and fall back knocking over a whole row of video and magazine . int . shelter , kitchen - a hour later calvin sit at the breakfast table , still breathe hard and hold he chest . his family look on with great concern . the anti-radiation suit and gear be pile in the corner . calvin I be go to give it to you straight . there 's no point in beat around the bush . there be survivor . apparently , the fallout have create .... a subspecies of mutant . helen mutant ?! calvin it 's not a pretty sight . some eat out of garbage can . other be ... cover you ear , Son , and hum . I mean that literally and I mean right now ! adam cover he ear and hum . calvin other be ... multi-sexual . it seem ... they can be both masculine and feminine ... simultaneously . helen no . calvin yes . helen I do not believe it ! helen cope by move around the kitchen do thing that do not need to be do . calvin believe it . he try to sell I he body , helen . ( beat ) they offer lawn furniture as a come on ! she slump , then resume she needless activity . calvin take Adam 's arm and the son drop he hand and stop hum . calvin they have do a lot of re-build but society , at least as we know it , have utterly collapse . people throw up in the street . other point gun . there 's something terribly wrong with the automobile and ... and I ... I can not tell you the rest . I just can not . helen oh my . oh ,my , oh my , oh , my . so , what do we do now ? calvin we stay down here . helen we do ? calvin yes . helen Excuse I . she hurry into the live room . int . live room - continuous helen let 's out a silent scream , then hurry back into the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous helen for how long ? we have just about run out of everything ! calvin we will make do . I be of the opinion that this mutant will eventually kill each other off and then -- helen ( rise ) no , calvin . we be not go to make do . not I ! not Adam . we be go up no matter what ! we deserve it . even if it 's terrible ! calvin well , I be the head of this household -- helen I want he to at least see the sky ! calvin -- and we will -- helen and the ocean ! a mountain range ! calvin -- do as I say ! breathe heavily , calvin suddenly clutches at he chest in great pain and collapse . adam dad ! helen oh , no ! oh , my goodness ! let 's get he into the bedroom . int . hallway - hour later Adam pace . then helen come out . behind she , we can see calvin sleep in he bed . she head for the live room . he follow . helen he seem to be do all right now . I do not know if he 's have a heart attack or just ... a horrifying experience . but we need supplies and I have get to stay with he . adam I will go up . they go through the live room and cross to the patio . helen I be afraid you have get to . adam I will be all right . helen ( patting he cheek ) you be my brave boy . helen hand he a pencil and pad . Adam follow she to the fish farm . helen just act normal . if anybody ask , simply say you be from out - of - town , and that you be in town on business . write that down . he do . helen ( cont would ) I be go to give you a shopping list and some money . we need just enough thing to get we through the next year or two . and you will find most of this item at what use to be call a grocery store or a hardware store . write that down . adam yes , mar 'am . at the fish tank , helen pull up a slim chain that be attach to a water - tight aluminum box which she quickly open . the box contain $ 6,000 in wrap one hundred dollar bill . helen take half of it . helen I do not know how far you will have to travel to find supplies , but if you can not get home by nightfall , I want you to look for something call a holiday Inn . write that down . it 's a hotel . there might still be one stand . adam yes , mar 'am . helen let 's get you pack . she head back for the house . he follow . adam right . helen ( indicate money ) I just hope this be still good up there . adam Mom ? helen yes ? adam I be think that , uh ... you know , while I be up there and all ... that maybe I could , you know ... try to meet a girl . I have , be think about that a little ... just this last ... fifteen year or so . they have stop by the garden . helen oh , Adam , that would be wonderful if you could find a girl . one who 's not a mutant ... and hopefully come from pasadena . nothing against Valley girl , but in my day anyhow , the girl from pasadena , I do not know ... always just seem a little nicer . adam yes , mar 'am . they hug . helen oh , there 's also a thing call a liquor store . write that down . int . adam be room - a hour later he be pack . he look at he cigar box and open it . he study the content : the card , stock certificate , and a old photo of he parent . he decide to pack the box . helen enter with a long shopping list . helen here 's the shopping list and $ 3,000 which should take care of everything . adam yes , mar 'am . helen you father have a few final word for you . you know , he would fight a buzz see for you - he love you so much . we both do . adam heck , I know that mom ! you be my parent . int . master bedroom - moment later Adam set down he suitcase and go to he father 's bed . he sit . at the door , helen dry she eye with she apron . calvin indicate that he want to whisper to Adam , who drop he ear close to he father 's lip . calvin Adam ... do not forget ... do not forget ... adam yes , father ?! yes ? calvin ... the pipe tobacco . adam yes , sir . be that all ? calvin nod . Adam rise and start for the door . but calvin remember something and beckon he back to speak weakly into he son 's ear . calvin also ... stay out of the " adult bookstore . " adam adult bookstore . why ? calvin poison gas . invisible . do not forget . adam I promise . be that all ? calvin one more thing . if you find a healthy young woman , bring she back with you . adam I will try . and then calvin close he eye and sleep . int . malt shop - same day the soda jerk have turn the rear exit into a religious shrine . he 's put flower and candle and costume jewelry and religious icon ( from all the major ) on top of and around the break cement . currently he 's on he knee , rock back and forth as he pray . and , lo ! there come a rumbling even as from the very bowel of the earth and a great light show forth follow by gate of armor which open and shut and deliver up the vision of a young man whose countenance cause the soda jerk to be strike dumb and to fall on he face and to weep in fear . and , Adam , take pity on the man , put down he suitcase , and go to he , say : adam be you all right ? soda jerk yes ! yes ! oh , Lord ! yes , oh , yes ! but where be the one who come last night -- all in yellow ?! adam all in yellow ? oh ! that be my father ! soda jerk ooooohhhh !! of course ! the father ! forgive I !! can you forgive I for my waste life ?! everything have be so awful !! adam ( comforting he ) I know it have be terrible . but it be not you fault . and now all the decay be over with and thing be go to get better . you understand ? soda jerk yes . adam I have get to go , now . soda jerk of course you do . I will stay here and pray . adam ( pick up he suitcase ) that 's always a good idea ! would you like some money ? I have a great deal of it . soda jerk no . I do not need money anymore -- I see that now . adam how do I leave here ? soda jerk the front door be open . will you be back ? adam I promise . Adam turn and leave . the soda jerk fall to he knee and shake all over . ext . malt shop - continuous Adam step out onto the sidewalk and sunlight fall on he much brighter than anything he have ever see . he look at it on the arm of he coat and then , slowly , he look up at the sky . intercut - lovely cloud and blue sky and now it be Adam who be dumbstruck . bystander # 1 appear and see Adam look up . bystander # 1 what ? what be it ?! adam the sky !!! bystander # 1 the sky ? where ? adam ( point ) up there !! bystander # 1 I do not see anything ! adam just look !! Adam become momentarily interested in a parking meter . a mother and she child approach from the other direction . woman what be it ! bystander # 1 ( point ) he see something . mother what ? child I see it , mommy ! bystander # 2 where ?! several more people be draw over . a convertible go by in the foreground with passenger who be look up . woman what be it ? adam I have never in my life see anything like this !!!! nothing even come close !! Adam continue down the sidewalk , look up . a black woman postal worker pass by . postal worker whatcha look at ? adam oh , my holy star ! a negro ! postal worker ( with attitude ) say what ?! adam ( offer he hand ) how do you do , mar 'am . postal worker ( leary , but take he hand ) I do alright . adam good ! the pakistani exit the adult bookstore . pakistani what be it ?! what do you see ?! when Adam look down to answer the man he see the " adult bookstore " sign . adam oh , no ! pakistani what ?! adam Poisonous gas !! run for you life , it 's invisible poisonous gas !!! and everyone do run away , include Adam . the avenue be leave totally desert . int . kitchen NOOK - same day helen sit sip tea , deep in thought of concern for Adam . behind she calvin appear in the open window . calvin you know -- helen be so startle she knock the tea all over the place . calvin ( cont would ) I just want to say that I think he 's go to be just fine . helen ( hold she heart ) thank you , calvin . thank you very much . calvin leave , then come back . calvin he 's smart . helen yes , dear , I know . scene 85a omitted ext . corner bus stop - afternoon , same day a L.A. bus come directly at camera . angle - the driver be startle . he react . angle - driver' foot slamm down the brake pedal . angle - adam in profile . the brake bus stop a inch from he nose . Adam smile . ( have he head for bus door in this angle . ) angle - the driver from over Adam . he be in shock . int . bus - a moment later start on a moving steady cam shot on Adam 's Pov of bus passenger as he head for a seat . the passenger look at he in amazement and some fear . angle - adam go to he seat ; smile at the passenger . ( he be carry a $ 100 bill . ) adam hello ! hi. good afternoon ! howdy . Adam find a seat next to a heavily perspire young psycho heroin addict . another angle of they Adam show the psycho the $ 100 bill . adam I try to give the driver this but he would not take it . he seem angry . a lot of people do . the bus pull out . it get up to about twenty mile a hour . adam ( cont would ) oh , boy ! here we go ! we be move ! wow . intercut : passengers look back at Adam with concern . adam ( cont 'd ) so this be public transportation . my dad say that it become more and more important because of pollution -- which be more and more carbon dioxide and other hazardous gas in the air . ( then , confidentially ) do you have a gun , by the way ? the increasingly nervous psycho look around , then nod that he do . adam ( cont would ) well , thanks for not wave it around . and for not vomitt , for that matter . wow , we be really fly . say , do you know where I could find a grocery store ? the psycho shake he head . adam ( cont would ) I have to find that . and a hardware store and a liquour store and a stand holiday Inn . although , I may not need the holiday Inn . that 's still kind of up in the air . it depend really on how thing go . psycho ( point ) there 's a grocery store come up . adam thank -q ! ( jump up ) Driver ! please stop the bus immediately ! I have to get off ! ( then a aside to the psycho ) do you think I should get a gun ? psycho I do not know ... maybe . adam ( back to driver ) Driver ! please stop , sir ! intercut - driver in the rear view he 's not go to stop until he want to stop . angle - old jewish couple passengers . who be anxious for Adam to leave . old jewish man for the love of God ! let he off the bus !! can not you see he 's meshugina ! Adam lean in close to the old man . adam I be sorry , what do you call I ? the man and he wife take that the wrong way and start to scream . angle - the driver' foot hit the brake . ext .- bus stop suddenly . through the window we see Adam go down . int . bus - continuous the back door open as Adam get up . adam thank you , driver ! good-bye , everyone ! Adam exit the bus . everyone , include the psycho , heave a huge sign of relief . int . super market - minute later Adam enter and ( after get over the automatic door and the check - out technology ) be overwhelm by the magnificence of the postmodern California supermarket . the check - out counter alone be amazing . see other do it , he take a cart , place he suitcase in it . int . bakery counter Adam pass the baked goods , pay particular attention to the elaborate birthday cake . adam be that a birthday cake ?! clerk yes , it be . adam gee-ma-nee ! Adam leave . the clerk turn to a fellow worker . clerk bakersfield . int . aisle Adam marvel at the abundance and variety . he pass a mother whose child be riding in the cart and that remind he of he own mom -- when she use to let he ride that way . then he be surprised to see a middle - aged couple so casually dress in public . she ( overweight ) be in a unfortunate terrycloth halter - short combination . he ( hirsute ) be in a sleeveless undershirt and baggy bathing trunk . adam ( to himself ) my first mutant . int . fresh produce Adam pick up one of that huge California cucumber that always amaze Easterner . he show it to the japanese - american clerk . adam be this because of the radiation ? clerk what ? adam nothing . int . meat counter Adam be look at the live lobster as a butcher step up . butcher help you ? adam yes , please . ( consulting he Mom 's list ) I be look for all beef patty . butcher Fresh or freeze ? Adam chuckle because he think the man be kid . adam come on . frozen . how much be they ? butcher frozen , they be six - thirty a dozen in the three pound box . adam then I will need , twelve into nine hundred , seventy - five box . and that 's almost ... five hundred dollar just for the hamburger ! and my Mom only give I three thousand dollar for everything ! the yacht battery ! the diesel oil ! the birthday candle ! butcher you could have a meat order that big deliver to you home . adam really ?! butcher sure . adam well , that 's great then ! terrific ...except ... it just occur to I . I do not know where I live ! I be lose ! I do not know where home be ! ( then ) would you excuse I ? butcher gladly . Adam hurry away . scene 93 omitted scene 94 omitted a montage of Adam on another bus . he look frantically out the window . we see he Pov of shop and store and people . at one point he see two woman jogger which he wonder about . then he see two man argue violently . gradually late day turn to night and Adam become more and more depressed . then he see something . he be elate . he jump up and tell the driver : adam Driver ! stop this bus immediately ! please sir !! ext . - ventura blvd - night the bus stop mid-block and Adam get off . he cross the street cause only one car to hit the brake . on the other side of the avenue we see what have get he attention . it 's a adult bookstore much like the last one we see ( probably own by the same chain . ) he 's happy but when he look next door he see he 's in a different place . sad and lose he turn north and start to walk until -- a billboard catch he attention . we pan up to see a billboard for liposuction that feature a almost nude woman . Adam be strike by the image and we spend some time cut between he and it . then gather himself he turn and begin to walk south . another angle of he as he pass a body piercing store and wonder about that . then he see something that blow he mind . wider angle of a stray dog pass by . Adam react . adam oh my . oh , my goodness gracious ! oh , my ... oh . that be so great !! man alive ! angle - cu of baseball card store window a sign say : comic book & baseball card bought , sold & traded . int . card and comic store - moment later Adam enter with he suitcase in one hand and he cigar box in the other . he step up to the counter where the owner ( jerry ) sit read the newspaper . he have a fondness for navajo jewelry . adam hello . jerry ( give he a look , then go back to read ) hi. a young woman enter from the back of the store and go to another counter . neither man notice . adam the name be Adam Webber and I see you buy baseball card and although this be a lot older than the one in the window , I be hope you still might be interested . he flip open the cigar box to reveal to Jerry rich beyond he wildest dream . Jerry actually moan and then must pretend the moan be a cough . jerry how -- how much do you want for the mickey mantle , rookie season ? adam I be think of sell all the card . jerry really ? no kid ? he reach in and look through the card . adam see , my problem be , all I have be hundred dollar bill and I need something smaller . one , fives , ten . like that . jerry I see what ya mean . tell you what ... I will give you five hundred dollar in small bill for the whole box . adam oh , that would be wonderful ! jerry well , we be here to help ! a woman step into the shot . she have come from the back of the store and she back be momentarily to we . eve ( oc ) oh , shit ! Adam turn to she and be immediately awe strike . we reveal eve rustokov . she toss she lipstick into she purse . Eve work in the card shop and be on she way out . jerry I be workin ' here , evey -poo . do not screw I up . adam bon soir , mademoiselle ! eve be you french ? adam no . ( then , think fast ) I be from out of town . ( then sense the need for further clarification ) I be here on business . eve well , you business must not be sport memorabilia , because this one mantle card right here -- ( hold up a card ) -- be worth six thousand dollar all by its little self . adam get out of here ! eve no , you get out of here . she close he cigar box and give it to he . jerry terrific ... you be fire ! you know that ?! eve no , ferry - - excuse I , Jerry , I quit . she walk back to the counter to get she coat . jerry oh , no ! I fire ya ! just like the hair salon guy and the chevy dealer ! you know why you can not keep a goddamn job ?! because you can not keep you goddamn mouth shut ! that 's why ! Jerry be surprised when Adam suddenly take he arm firmly . adam Sir ? I would really appreciate it if you would not take the Lord 's name in vain again . jerry ( look at Adam 's hand ) oh , you get a problem with that ? adam I have a big problem with that . Eve see a fist fight come . she take Adam by the arm . eve come on , heathcliff , I will walk you to the corner . adam yes , mar 'am . but my name be Adam . eve just come on . they head for the door and exit . jerry hah ! Adam and Eve ! the perfect match ! I hope you two will be very happy together ! mazel-fuckin'-tov! do not try come back , Ms. Big shot ! I be serious this time ! you be finish in the hobby business ! take that to the bank , why do n'tcha ! Adam re-enter . adam I do not want to leave without say how much I admire you jewelry . jerry hey , smart ass , how ' bout I kick you butt ? Adam walk towards the man smile . adam how ' bout you what ? Jerry take a nervous step backwards , but Eve step back in and pull Adam out . eve I say come on ! Adam exit . Jerry do not know what to say . ext . card store - night they exit the store . adam where be we go ? eve we ? I be go home . and , judge by that coat , I would say you have to get back to the barber college . adam no , I be lose . eve you be lose ? adam say , ... do you just lose you job because of I ? eve forget it . I be sick of work for that dickhead . adam dickhead ? eve a walk penis capable of intelligent speech . a dickhead . a mental picture of that cause Adam to slump against a store window and drop he box of card . eve what 's wrong with you ? adam I just have a mental picture of ... eve here , pick this up ! together they pick up the card . eve ( cont would ) where be you park ? adam I come on a bus . eve why do not that surprise I ? adam I do not know . why do not it ? they rise . eve well , I guess because I be a little psychic ... I have this thing . adam oh , that 's nice . eve let I guess something . this be you first visit to La La land . you be stay somewhere over in Hollywood because , like a idiot , you think that would be a exciting place to stay . right so far ? adam ( could be a question , could be a answer . ) so far ? eve yes , I be right ? adam right . eve I know it ! so anyhow , you get on a bus and before you know it , you be out here in the San Fernando Valley without a clue . which bring we to here . correct again ? adam again . eve where be you stay ? the holiday Inn ? adam yes ! yes ! the holiday Inn ! that 's exactly right ! eve see ? I be psychic . not completely , but pretty much . that be pretty good , be not it ?! adam it be amazing . eve yeah . thanks . anyhow , let I predict a bus for you to get on . adam do you own a car ? eve I be not take you there , sweetie . rule number one in North America : no stranger in the car . adam if it will make you feel any better , I do not have a gun . eve you do not ? adam nope . eve well , that change everything . get the fuck away from I !! I mean it !! she race around the corner . he go after she . adam I be sorry ! I say something wrong , do not I ! please forgive I ! eve get away from I !! she run into a parking lot . he follow . adam wait ! please wait ! I will make a deal with you ! I will give you a Rogers hornsby , if you will take I to the hotel ! eve Rogers hornsby ?!? adam he 's all yours . I be hold he back . Adam take a hornsby card from he coat pocket and show it to she . eve Rogers hornsby 's worth like four thousand dollar ! adam so what ?! I have get two of he ! ( remove more card from he pocket ) and this many dimaggios and robinson . I be hold this out , too . she arrive at she car ( dirty geo ) and anxiously unlock the driver 's door . eve so for four thousand dollar , all I have to do be drive you to you hotel ? adam yes . eve and that 's it ? adam yes . eve I do not have to take a physical in you space ship ? adam heck , no ! what ?! eve okay . what the hell ? you get a deal . get in . she get in . he get in the back seat behind she . eve ( cont would ) the front seat ! he run around to the front while Eve chat with herself . eve ( cont would ) why be I do this ? what in the hell be wrong with I ? that 's what I would like to know . scene 99 omitted ext . hollywood freeway - minute later traffic be move at fifteen mile a hour . the dash light fascinate he but the car scare he . she notice that he be grip the seat belt for dear life . eve so ... mister andretti , you first time on the freeway ? adam it 's Webber . Adam Webber . eve mind if I change the station ? better traffic report on am . she switch over to am and run by a perry como record , " round and round " , look for traffic . adam wait ! wait ! eve what be it ?! adam it 's perry ! eve perry ? adam perry como ! you have he ! go back ! go back ! eve okay , okay ! take it easy ! she get perry . eve how 's that ? adam ( star-struck ) oh , I could die ... eve over this ? adam yeah ! listen to this part . this be where it really take off ! eve you be one scary son-of - a-gun . ext . freeway Eve 's car split for the exit ramp . int . eve' car the sudden speed scare Adam . adam hey , what be you do ?! eve I know a short - cut . ext . off ramp she come off , catch the light and whip onto the surface street , tire squealing . int . car Adam be hang onto he seat belt . Eve put the pedal to the metal . adam gee-zooie !! you better slow down !!! eve I can not help it . perry como always do this to I ! I just get so cranke ! she turn perry way up . ext . avenue Eve do a dandy job of trading lane and pass . the little geo 's engine scream . Adam 's sort of get into it . ext . hollywood holiday inn - ten minute later the geo fly up to a quick stop . int . car Eve turn to Adam , who have have a life experience . eve Card , please . end of service . he hand over the card like someone in a post - sex stupor . adam that be ... wonderful ! I have never feel anything like that in my life . eve yeah , same here . do not forget you suitcase . adam right . he get out with the suitcase , and after shutting the door lean down to speak to she . adam you know -- she tear off , leave he there . int . HOTEL registration - minute later Adam address the clerk . adam good evening . I want to stay at this hotel . clerk fill this out please . and I will need a card . adam a card ? clerk yes , sir . adam of course ! Adam give he a baseball card . int . HOTEL room - later same night a bellboy usher Adam in and set down he bag . bellboy bathroom 's there , tv 's over there . remote 's on top . room service menu be on the table . Adam pick up the phone and listen . bellboy ( cont 'd ) you dial nine to get out . adam ( beat , then ) of what ? bellboy ( beat , then ) the hotel . adam ( beat , then he hang up ) I see . well , thank you very much . you have be very , very nice . he offer two dollar . adam ( cont would ) I be able to get some change downstairs and my father teach I that it 's customary to tip in a situation such as this . bellboy thank you . you father be a smart guy . adam my father be a genius . bellboy no kiddin' . well ... good night . adam good night ! sleep tight . do not let the bedbug bite ! that 's what my Mom always say ... ( choke up ) ... who I be really beginning to miss . I be sorry . it 's my first night away from home . bellboy how old be you ? adam thirty -five . bellboy you do not look thirty - five . adam how old do I look ? bellboy twenty -five ? around there . adam I guess live up here make people look older . bellboy up here on the fifteenth floor ? adam ( catch himself ) yes . up here on the fifteenth floor . goodnight . bellboy goodnight . Adam abruptly shut the door in the man 's face . he go to the window and look out . the height scare he to death . he jump back . int . shelter , dinner table - same time Adam 's parent pray . calvin and Lord we ask finally that you send a angel to look after and protect we beloved son , Adam . amen . helen amen . she begin to tear up and he pat she hand . int . HOTEL room - dawn Adam sit by the window watch he first dawn . ext . holiday inn - morning it 's another bright , smoggy day . and here come Eve , march from the parking garage to the hotel entrance . eve ( skyward ) what in the hell be I do here ?! that 's what I would like to know ! somebody tell I that . int . front desk - moment later Eve be speak to a desk clerk . desk clerk you do not have a last name ? eve all I know be that he first name be Adam . no! Adam Webber ! that 's it . int . adam be room - moment later he be seat on the bed , transfix , watch a television commercial . the phone ring loudly . Adam nearly jump out of he skin . after he figure out where the ringing be come from , he answer the phone . adam ( into phone , after a long pause ) yes ? int . lobby at the house phone . eve ( into phone ) hi . this be the woman from the baseball card store . remember I ? int . adam' room Boy , be he glad to hear from she ! adam yes ! hello ! hi! hot-diggity-dog ! thank you for call I on the telephone !! int . lobby Eve hold the receiver away from she for a moment . eve good grief . hey listen , I be in the lobby . ( pause , then ) on the first floor ! where the hell else would it be ? int . lobby , elevator - moment later the door open and Adam hurry out , look for Eve , who he see and go directly to , smile all the while like a rumple idiot . adam I be so glad to see you !! I think I would never see you again ! eve okay , down boy . ( hold up the baseball card ) I can not take this for drive you home . I wish I could , but I can not . so here , take it back . I could have just leave it for you at the desk , but it 's very valuable . now take it . adam I can not , it 's yours . eve take it . damn it ! adam ( with hand over he mouth ) okay . he take the card . eve why be you do that ? adam I have not brush yet . eve oh. okay . well , so long . enjoy you visit . she head for the front door . he go after she . adam wait , Eve , please ! wait . eve please do not follow I . do not do it ! ext . HOTEL - day they exit . eve I know this would happen ! you be like a lose puppy ! adam can not you please just talk to I for one second ? eve okay ! damn ! she stop , he stop . eve ( cont 'd ) I should have take the money and run ! that 's what Troy tell I to do ! but do I listen ? no ! put you hand down ! he do . adam Troy ? be he you husband ? or a boyfriend ? eve no . adam ( eye to heaven ) thank -q ! eve oh , stop that ! God ! listen , I know you like I . I can tell . but you know what ? a lot of guy like I . not I , exactly . it 's more like the leg or the butt or the hair . or some combination of the above . adam I think it 's the eye . eve the eye . okay . a eye-man . anyhow , it never work out . okay ? not that you even need to know that ! you look like crap , by the way . what have you be do ? adam watch television in color . eve hey , no kid ? in color ? adam Cross my heart and hope to die . she look at he for a beat or two , then abruptly turn away . eve see , ya . adam why do not it never work out ? eve what ? adam why do it never work out ? you and ... man ? eve why ?! who the hell know ?! he follow closely . she stop . eve ( cont would ) okay , if you promise to leave I alone , I will tell you . adam ... okay . eve it never work out because I be into leg and butt and hair myself ! that 's why ! so I wind up with guy who be very good look , but even more shallow than I be , if you can picture that . now , if you will excuse I , I have to go find another low - pay , demean job where some guy name Jerry keep tell I how lousy he marriage be . adam why not go to work for I ? eve do what ? adam selling all my baseball card . and help I buy enough food and supplies to fill several large truck . eve food and supplies ? who for ? like starve people ? adam well , they be not starve yet , but they need help . eve how long would you need I ? adam two week . eve what 's the pay ? adam what 's fair ? eve I have get to make at least a thousand a week . he give she he patent thumb up sign which of course be exactly like he father 's . adam you get it ! wait here while I change . eve sure . he walk back to the hotel . eve ( to herself ) my career 's finally take off ... ext . marine wholesale supply , marina del rey - day heavy -duty boat batteries be be load into a u-haul truck . the store manager step up to Eve who be watch . Adam appear in the bg , thanking and be nice to the men load the truck . he look mighty stupid in another one of he dad 's old outfit . manager why would someone need twenty yacht battery ? eve I just work for the guy . manager and who do he work for ? the CIA ? eve naw ... it 's some sort of charity thing .. I guess for starve people with yacht . int . price club - later same day Eve and Adam shop with two cart , both full of case of dr . pepper . eve why not buy they milk or something -- instead of Dr. pepper ? adam they like Dr. pepper . eve who be this people ? adam my Mom and dad . eve very funny , smart ass . adam hey ! pipe tobacco ! I be go to need all of this ! this be swell ! he go over to a huge supply of Prince Albert . eve ( to herself ) swell ? run , eve. run. ext . loading dock - same day Eve and Adam watch as a man with a forklift put a year 's supply of toilet paper into the back of the rental truck . ext . grocery store parking lot - same day a crowd have gather to watch Adam and Eve empty seven shopping cart full of non- perishable grocery . angle - 5 minute later Eve go to get into the truck . Adam hurry by she . adam wait ! wait ! eve what ? he open the door for she . she shake she head and get in . ext . holiday inn - that night she drive the truck to a stop . he keep the beat to the song on the am radio . it 's volarè . Adam love it . Eve hate it . they come to a stop and she snap off the radio . eve well , another day , another dollar . ( then ) stop stare at I !! adam sorry . he get out . eve pick you up at eight tomorrow morning . adam hey , you know . I be think ... eve night ! she pull away . adam night ! ext . / int . u-store - it - next day Adam drag the last 50 - pound bag of flour into a self - storage locker and pull down the slide door which he padlock . adam we will have to rent a refrigerate truck for the beef and poultry . eve it 's you life . and , by the way , it 's a dandy . adam I guess we will need another locker . eve no problem . we will just sell another baseball card . adam you know , Eve -- do not get mad , okay ? - - but , I would just be lose without you . eve thank you . adam and , um ... I guess ... I guess you and I , uh ... eve Adam ? do not even think about it . okay ? I be sorry . I know that sound mean , but believe I , it would be meaner if I do not say it . okay ? adam okay . eve now , let 's take the truck back and get something to eat . she hop in behind the wheel . he ( hurt ) be a little slower get in he side . ext . freeway - later , same day traffic be move about forty mile a hour . they truck be in one of the middle lane . int . u- haul - continuous Adam screw up he gut and turn to she . adam there 's something else I would like you to help I with . eve name it . adam well , this be go to sound a little crazy . eve ( laugh ) oh , I be sure it will ! adam then forget it . eve no , no ! I be sorry ! what be it ? adam this be for I . eve think of I as you genie . just ask . adam well ... okay . I would like you to help I find a ... wife . eve a wife ? adam yes . eve what for ? adam because I want to get marry . eve why ?! adam I do not want to be alone . eve you can be single and not alone . Marriage bite ! adam bite what ? eve the big one ! adam it do ? eve sure . adam I do not know that . eve everybody know that . ask my divorced sister . or ask my divorced mom and dad . adam they be all divorced ? eve everybody 's divorced . adam it do not use to be that way . eve I would not know . ( then ) what kind of wife be you look for ? adam one who 's not a mutant . eve no dog , huh ? okay . adam and if possible , I would like to marry someone from pasadena . she be speechless . then : eve when do you need she by ? adam two week . eve well , I could probably get you laid in two week , but to locate a non-mutant wife from pasadena ... that could take some time . adam that 's what I be afraid of . int . diner - later , same day Adam and Eve be in a booth . the waitress approach with sandwich and drink . adam what do you mean , you can get I laid ? he and the waitress look to Eve for a answer . eve could we talk about that a little later ? adam of course . eve ( sugary , to waitress ) thank you . the amaze waitress leave . Adam automatically lower he head and say grace . two happenin ' guy at the counter look over and chuckle at the rube . Eve flip they a mean bird and mouth the word " fuck you " as Adam continue to pray . the guy shut up . ext . eve' house - late day Eve share a frame Santa monica bungalow . it 's in a pretty nice neighborhood on a quiet street . her geo fishtail into the picture and come to rest half in the street , half on the curb . Adam be drive . eve get out ! adam the engine be still run . she rip the key out of the ignition . eve now , get out !! adam yes , mar 'am ! eve stop that mar 'am crap ! adam sorry ! they get out . eve you almost get we kill ! adam I tell you I have never drive before ! eve never drive again ! adam you say it would be easy ! eve I be wrong !! adam be this you house ? eve yes ! adam I like it . she storm off for the house where a young man be come out the front door in a cut - off T-shirt and spandex exercise short . eve swell ! ext . porch cliff be leave with a cardboard box full of clothes . he be exceedingly good looking and in very good shape . Eve and Adam come up the step . cliff what be you bitching about now ? eve what be you do here ? cliff I forget some of my stuff . eve you stuff ? let I see that . she look in the box . hold up a pair of old brief . eve you come back for this ? cliff hey , they be Ralph lauren . and who 's this interesting look fellow ? eve this be Adam . Adam , meet cliff . adam ( offer hand ) how do you do ? cliff I do fine , Adam . how ' bout yourself ? ( eyeing Eve ) you doin ' any good ? eve go home , cliff , wherever that might be . cliff shana gillroy 's apartment . remember she ? the model who go to Harvard ? well , I better get go ! bye , Adam . Nice coat ! cliff smile and bounce down the step . adam why , thank you ! very nice to have meet you , cliff ! ( then to she ) May I ask you a question ? eve he 's a former boyfriend . we live together for about six month . and yes , I will admit it . I have still kind of get a thing for he . ( enter the house ) that 's what you want to know , be not it ? adam ( follow ) actually , no . I be wonder why cliff like to wear another man' underpant . eve ( oc ) what ?! int . eve' house - night very good music be play . Adam listen to one speaker then cross to listen to the other . then he go back to the first . int . eve' kitchen - same time Eve be pour champagne into a glass that contain two sugar cube . next she add several dash of bitter . troy , her gay roommate , throw together a tray of appetizer as dinner cook on the stove . troy ( sotto ) Eve ! this guy be un - be-liev-able ! eve I know you would like he . troy darlin ' , this be X - file stuff ! think about it ! the guy 's get all this easily negotiable property . he 's obviously set something up very big . like a self - sustain island off the coast of South America , for instance . or perhaps he 's the head of a cult that 's do weird thing with poultry and pipe tobacco . I have hear worse . he rush out with the tray . int . live room - continuous Troy enter with sushi appetizer . Adam be look at the ceiling . adam you have very nice ceiling . troy I do ? well , thank you ! you like ceiling ? adam not particularly . troy well , I hope you like this ! Fresh sea urchin wrap in seaweed . or " nori " if you prefer . I love sushi . adam I love Lucy ! troy you nut ! Eve enter with Adam 's drink and two white wine . . eve here you go . one champagne cocktail . adam thank -q ! eve I think only hooker drank that thing . adam well , I know Mom sure like them ! Eve and Troy look at each other as she hand he he wine . troy dinner in fifteen minute . why do not we sit and chat . they do . troy so , Adam ... where on earth be you from ? eve out-of-town . that 's all he will say . adam it 's a very small place . people do not even know it 's there . troy and it 's call ...? adam maybe Eve can guess . she 's psychic . troy really ? since when ? eve ( defensive ) since that guy rear-end I in Palm Springs . troy oh , yes . eve I even guess he hotel , do not I ? adam right on the button . troy well , dionne Warwick , guess he home town . eve give I you hand . troy ( to himself ) oh , my God ... Adam hold out he hand and she take it , rub she finger slowly and gently around in he palm . for she , it 's psychic stuff . for he , it 's spine- tingling . eve okay , let 's see ... I be not promise anything . you okay ? adam um-hum . eve I be see ... snow ... lot of snow . Way up North . be we get hot ? adam yes ! eve you live in ... Alaska . the only way in or out of you place be by plane and ... you have definitely come down here for food and supplies and ... to find a wife ! adam wow . she toss back he hand and grab she wine for a victory gulp . troy that 's right ? adam ( to Eve ) I have never meet anyone like you in my life . troy she 's right ?! eve hey , butthead , I be clairvoyant . adam I have get goose - bump all over I . troy why not just go to ... nome for supplies and a wife ? be not that closer ? eve yeah , right ! that 's where you would go to find girl ! nome . he 's gay , by the way . adam good for you . troy well , we try . listen , let I just ask you a few question . when do Alaska become a state ? adam 1959 . troy who use to own it ? adam Russia . troy when do we get it from they ? adam 1867 . seward 's folly . we pay 7.2 million dollar for it . a tidy sum then , as well as now . I be quote my father , of course . troy what 's the capitol ? adam juneau . troy hello ! it 's anchorage ! gotcha ! adam sorry , that 's the large city . Troy jump up and run out of the room . adam where 's he go ? eve he 's go to check you answer on he computer . adam he have a computer ? eve sure . adam in the house ? eve no . we keep it in the backyard . of course , in the house . it 's in there . adam May I please be excuse ? eve uh...yeah . troy's office he have " Alaska " on he computer screen . Adam enter and look at the computer , which captivate he . adam this must be very new . troy yeah . adam it 's so small . troy what be you talk about ? this be the new Mac . you a hacker ? adam I do not think so . troy you do not have a computer in you cabin ? adam no . troy how do you get through that winter ? ( read screen ) well , you be right . juneau . ( then , cover the screen with he hand ) what 's the high peak ? adam mt. mckinley . it 's also the high point in North America . troy ( after peek at the screen ) okay , maybe she be psychic . let 's go eat ! adam ( indicate computer ) that would knock my father out . troy yeah ? adam oh , yes . ( to himself ) it would probably kill he . troy he 's a window guy then , huh ? adam yes . he like window . troy well , I think window stink . what do you think of that ? adam ... I guess it 's ... just a matter of personal taste . troy true . Troy exit . Adam follow . ( editorial : scene 131 , 132 , and 133 should follow scene 134 rather than precede it . ) int . shelter , master bedroom - same time calvin Webber be sleep soundly . helen stand quietly at the door look at he . she finish off she champagne cocktail and very quietly shut the door . int . anteroom - moment later helen go into the elevator . obviously , she 's have too much to drink . int . malt shop - moment later the floor rumble and the metal door open emit the red light . soda jerk and ten of he follower stand up expectantly and anxiously . helen appear -- and look at this terribly odd assortment of people . soda jerk who be you ?! helen ( beat , then ) I be the mother . soda jerk it 's the mother !! and they all fall down on they knee and worship she with much wail and rejoice . several speak in tongue . helen stare at they wide - eye , press the button on the control box , and go back down . int . dine table - night Adam 's impeccable table manners serve to highlight Eve 's and Troy 's utter lack of same . troy but first , you have to start with the clothes ! eve exactly . ( then to Adam ) you understand that , do not you ? you have no chance of meeting a woman dress like that . adam all right . eve ( to Troy ) so , what be you see ? troy ( look Adam over ) I do not know . eve money be no object . he 's get card up the wazoo . adam the what ? eve wazoo ! try to listen . ( then to Troy ) whataya think ? surfer , grunge , hip - hop , Euro trash ? troy you be serious , be not you ? eve what 's that suppose to mean ? troy it mean that you taste in I n's apparel be as bad as you taste in man . eve well , that 's blunt ! troy I be sorry . but if the shoe fit . eve and I suppose you see he in some sort of strapless thing , do not you ? troy I see " elegant . " eve yeah ? like Ralph lauren ? troy that 's what I be sense . adam the guy with the underpant ! eve that 's boring ! troy ( indicate Adam ) not on he . adam I be not wear he pants . troy why not ? he have great pants . adam I just do not want to . troy okay . eve why do not you take he and pick out he clothes ? troy alright , I will . eve ( talk with she mouth full ) I be busy tomorrow anyway . I have to buy six thousand paper napkin . troy what do you think , Adam ? adam about clothing ? eve yeah . adam whatever you two want . if you have get the time , I have get the wazoo . Eve and Troy watch he eat for a beat or two . troy be not it a little tiring to sit up straight like that ? adam no . eve what about hold you right arm up like that all the time ? adam it 's fine . just give it a try . and for gosh sake , Eve , take you foot off the chair ! she do . Eve and Troy emulate Adam . scene 135 omitted scene 136 omitted ext . eve' house - day Troy and Adam get out of Eve 's car with a lot of package . they head for the house . adam I guess a lot of that tall building we see this morning be new . troy almost all of they . adam the recovery be very impressive . troy the recovery ? oh , yeah ! hey , they rebuilt the freeway in six month . adam amazing . I be very impressed . int . eve' house - same day Eve be on the couch do she toenail when Adam and Troy enter . Adam be in a casually elegant outfit that look terrific . both he and Troy be carry lot of other package and garment bag . we see name like gucci , armani and lauren . Eve be visibly impressed by Adam 's makeover . troy well , what do you think ? eve I think ...it ... work . troy let I show you the entire trousseau ! adam but first let I show she this ! he reach into a bag and remove a box that contain -- a pair of rollerblade . adam ( cont would ) Eve , can I skate around you block ? troy ( make it sexual ) how ' bout it , Eve ? can he skate around you block ? eve ( beat , then ) no . scene 137a omitted scene 137b omitted scene 138 omitted ext . venice beach - later , same day there be a most unusual band shell location on the beach that be completely cover by graffiti . Eve and Troy sit at one of the many stone table watch Adam skate all over the place . he wear spandex workout pants and a T - shirt . the start crane shot begin on the nearly desert commercial section of Venice Beach and then take we to the band shell . angle - closer of he skate and they watch . eve he 's go to kill himself . ( then , to Adam ) go skate out on the bike path ! it 's that way ! adam okay ! he head out of the band shell . we follow he as he skate into a area that have be give over to the homeless . they sit around in they sleep bag and blanket and cheer ( and jeer ) Adam when he pass by . he take they to be more mutant . ext . bike path - continuous Adam skate to it and be amaze to see two very pretty girl skate in they tiny bikinis . a nearly nude body - builder guy go by on a bike . then Adam see the ocean . angle - wave break on the beach and rock . ext . beach - moment Adam toss off he roller - blade and walk trance - like towards the wave . angle - troy and eve appear on a dune behind he and watch . angle - adam Adam raise he arm to greet the ocean , perhaps like a Plains indian would . then he joyously run into the surf and dive . angle - troy and eve watch . eve that water 's freezing ! troy he 's from Alaska . angle - adam he surface and throw he fist in the air . angle - troy and eve troy that 's why little thing mean so much to he . angle - adam adam I love this !! begin the record " ymca " over this . int . eve' live room - next day Eve enter from she morning shower to find Troy and Adam goof to the Village people song . she give Troy a disapprove look . troy ( defensive ) what ?! he want to hear some standard ! ( my hip daughter tell I that " ymca " be enjoy a huge rebirth of popularity at they party . apparently they line dance to it . ) ext . freeway - same day a helicopter shot follow the u- haul in traffic . ( continue music . ) ext . self -storage - same day Adam and Eve fill a second storage site . ( continue music . ) ext . baseball diamond , public park - day we see the infield of a gay softball team wheel a double play . angle - troy and adam cheer the play with other gay fan . adam I get it ! I finally get it ! you have to see it to understand it ! Music end . int . eve' kitchen - next day ( rain ) she look out the back window at the rain and shake she head . she exit the back door with a umbrella . ext . eve' backyard - continuous Eve hurry to Adam who be sit on a lawn chair in the middle of the small back yard , enjoy the rain . she hold the umbrella over she head . adam hey , Eve ! eve have you ever hear the say , " he have not get enough sense to come in out of the rain ? " adam yep . ( then watch the rain hit the palm of he hand ) you know , my father -- who be a scientist -- say that everything be a miracle . everything . until recently I wasn 't sure what he mean by that . eve yeah ? no kid . listen , you still want to go girl hunt tonight ? adam I certainly do ! eve okay . but you know , this business of find you a wife -- it 's kind of ridiculous , do not you think ? adam ( rise ) no it 's not ! eve yes it be . a girlfriend maybe . but a wife ? I mean ... adam then just help I find a girlfriend ! that 's all I ask . I will give you every single card I have get leave ! eve hey , screw you ! okay ? you think I be just somebody you can buy off ! listen , let I tell you something -- adam ( take she by the arm ) would you do it just because you be my friend ? my very best friend . eve well ... yeah . okay . he hug she . adam thank q , Eve ! she 's uncomfortable with the hug . wait a minute . no she 's not . ext . " the forties " night club - same night this hip , up - market club be base on a 1940 's theme . establish the youthful rich arrive in they black four - wheel vehicle and silver porsch . coat and tie . Eve , Troy and Adam arrive on foot . Adam notice the valet parking . adam why do you park way back there ? troy miss rustokov refuse to let total stranger drive she car . adam oh. I see . Eve look like she own the place . int . night club anteroom - same time as they enter Adam grab Troy , who be lead the way . troy what ?! adam lady first , Troy ! that be close . Adam and Troy follow Eve in . the club be noisy and hopping . the house music be from the 40' . Adam , Eve and Troy enter a long corridor of booth and walk forward . Adam 's get on that terrific dark suit . woman notice . Eve notice they notice . adam my goodness gracious ! this place be something ! eve look unimpress . troy bore even . Adam give it a shot and go too bored . troy vaguely bored ! he get vaguely bored but miss unimpress by a mile . eve unimpress , but still interested . he try that . it 's like watch a neon sign switch back and forth : first interested , then not . eve no ! not crazy ! adam do I look crazy ? eve yes ! troy be loose . he overplay that . eve just be yourself . troy always good advice . eve for he . it do not work for the rest of we . adam Holy mo-ly , miss pay-o-ly !! this place be neat -o!! Adam enter the main room . Eve and Troy follow . int . MAIN room there be a bar , a seat section , and a dance floor with a dj booth . the dj be in a white dinner jacket and do a perfect humphrey bogart impression as he ad lib he speel between record . angle - bar jason and jonathan wave when they see Eve and Troy approach . they ad- lib hellos . here , and at the table , the record music be so loud they must speak over it . eve Jason , Jonathan , this be Adam ! Adam , that 's they ! they shake . adam how do you do ?! it 's very nice to meet you , Jason and Jonathan ! ( confidentially , to they ) my mother always tell I that if you meet a person for the first time it 's easier to remember they name if you use that name right away . Jason and Jonathan just stare at he . troy he 's from Alaska ! jason / jonathan ( relieved ) oh ! a slightly drunk beauty name sophie appear behind Eve . sophie hi , there , Eve , who 's the hunk ? Eve hate Sophie . eve get lose , Sophie . Sophie push she way right up to Adam . sophie hi. I be Sophie . adam hello , Sophie , I be Adam Webber . jason Adam life in Alaska . sophie no shit ? adam tu parle francais ? tu a un tre bon accent . sophie you speak beautiful french ! j'ai habitÈ a Paris un a . adam Paris !! La ville de lumiere ! c'est bien rencontrer quelqu 'un pour pratiquer le francais . sophie Si tu veux , nous pouvon pratiquer beaucoup des chose ensemble . Eve step in and take Adam 's hand , draw he away from Sophie . eve quit show off ! we be here on business ! adam good-bye ! sophie non , cherie . a bientot . Eve lead Adam to a table . Troy follow . adam I think I be here to meet woman . eve not that one ! adam I like she . eve and do not be so obvious ! int . table - ten minute later Adam , Eve and Troy examine female patron over drink . it 's white wine for she , import beer for Troy , and a Rob Roy for Adam . eve what have you order ? adam it 's a Rob Roy . a very popular drink , I be tell . angle - lovely brunette slinking by . angle - table adam ( oc ) what about she ? eve ( oc ) no way . adam why ?! I think she 's very attractive . eve Adam ! she 's get bitch write all over she ! you do know what " bitch " mean , do not you ? adam yes , I have a dictionary . but I can not understand for the life of I why you would call she that ! or why cliff would say that about you . eve because we be bitch ! look at she ! look at the expression on she face ! the walk , the jewelry , the fingernails . please ! adam how ' bout this one ? " this one " be a killer blond . eve be you kid ?! you would not even be a crumb on she table ! you do not see that ?! troy Eve ?! eve well , I be try to educate he ! it 's nothing personal . troy Adam , I think for you , we should go for " sweet . " adam okay . I like that . eve ( swigging she drink ) yeah , sweet . that 's a nice way of put it . adam ( to Troy ) what do I say to miss sweet when I meet she ? troy um ... Eve ? eve it 's not so much what you say but how you say it . woman like man who be unpredictable . adam really ? eve yes , really ! basically , they want what they think they can not have . same with guy . that 's why everybody be walk around here send off " you can not have I " signal ! angle of men and women do precisely that . then : back to table adam that 's ridiculous . eve maybe . but that 's how it work . troy ah-ha ! there 's " miss sweet . " at the hor d'oeuvre table ! intercut - miss sweet she 's a pretty young thing with a sweet face . eve yeah . could be . go say hello , Romeo . look like a healthy non-mutant to I . adam ( very serious ) okay . all right . ( then ) and what do I say ? eve say something surprising . and funny . lie , if need be . troy yes ! lying be always a very effective dating tool . adam okay . thank you , my friend . Adam rise . adam ( cont would ) by the way , that 's a great play . eve what ? adam Romeo and juliet . I cry at the end . eve do you ? Adam nod and shove off . troy I be not sure I want to watch this . Eve put she hand to she head -- hat herself and still not sure exactly why . angle - adam crossing to miss sweet . adam ( to himself ) surprise and funny . well , I know a duck who buy some lip balm ... int . hors d'oeuvre table Adam sheepishly approach miss sweet , then gather himself : adam hi! miss sweet ( not sweet ) yes ? adam ( beat , then ) I be wonder if you might help I . I ... I seem to have lose my congressional Medal of honor somewhere around here . miss sweet stare at he for a beat or two , then chuckle . miss sweet oh , now , that 's a great one ! adam ( big smile ) you like it ? miss sweet ( a little clap ) bravo ! adam thank -q ! they both laugh . angle - eve and troy stun ... as they watch Adam and miss sweet . another pretty young woman ( heather ) join Adam . angle - adam and girl Heather be a friend of miss sweet 's . miss sweet this be my new friend ... adam I be Adam Webber . miss sweet he 's really funny ! heather hi! I be Heather ! adam " Heather ? " I do not believe I have ever hear that name before . there 's a slight beat before both girl laugh . heather yeah , right ! miss sweet I tell you ! he 's funny ! angle - eve and troy more stunne . Eve find that she very much hate watch Adam have a good time with other healthy non-mutant . angle - adam and he new friend miss sweet we work on rodeo drive . but we be both professional dancer . adam really ? heather you dance ? adam I take a dance lesson everyday of my life until a couple of day ago . miss sweet you be kid ! adam no , I be not ! my mom teach I . miss sweet you mom be a dancer ? adam she be a dancer ! and a lovely one ! you would like she very much ! shall we dance ? miss sweet sure . they head for the dance floor . angle - troy and eve watch . angle - the floor a jitterbug song come on and so do Adam . he and miss sweet be a little rough on take - off , but they hit smooth sailing soon enough . he 's terrific at pick up the new stuff she show he . angle - eve & troy they be shocked . angle - dance floor Heather cut in on miss sweet as the other dancer stop to watch someone who be so much better than they . the three of they begin to dance together . angle - troy & eve troy you know , he 's a very , very good -- eve shut up ! angle - dance floor / eve Adam dance beautifully with the two woman . we CUT back and forth between they and Eve . angle - dance floor Adam , miss sweet and Heather complete they dance with great aplomb . other dancer applaud they . someone be whistling loudly off camera . Adam and he dance partner look over to : angle - eve she be whistling like a guy call he dog . Troy be embarrassed . troy must you ... Eve point at Adam and beckon broadly for he to come over -- a basketball coach call she player off the floor . troy what in the hell be wrong with you ?!! angle - dance floor miss sweet be that you girl friend ? adam no. would you please excuse I ? heather if you will please come back . adam I will certainly try . and thank you both very much for the dance . he leave . miss sweet when be the last time you see manners like that ? heather yeah . it 's like meeting a foreigner or something . angle - table as Adam come over . the music be not so loud now . eve ( to Troy ) go to the bathroom . troy right here ? ( then , off she look ) well , you be be so bossy I be not sure ! Troy rise and exit . Adam arrive and sit down . adam you want to see I ! eve you be not from Alaska ! where would you learn to dance like that ?! and there be no starve people , be there ?! adam why be you suddenly so mad at I ? eve do not change the subject ! I want you to tell I the truth about yourself . adam I have never lie to you . I have maybe let you believe thing that you want to believe , but I have never lie . eve you think I be some sort of sap ?! do not you ?! adam no . I admire you . I ... I fall in love with you the first time I see you . ( off she look ) I do . I think that you be the most -- eve I want to know exactly who you be and what you be really up to ! adam all right . let I tell you the whole thing . in 1962-- cliff ( oc ) well , well , well . do not we clean up nice ? cliff step up to the table . Adam , automatically a gentleman , rise and offer he hand . adam hello , cliff , how be you this evening ? cliff barely shake he hand . cliff not bad . then he sit in Adam 's seat . cliff but I do miss that green sport coat of yours . adam thank you very much . but , cliff , that 's my seat . and I be just -- cliff ( to Eve ) how ' bout a drink at the bar ? eve ( pause , then ) sure . they rise . cliff gesture to the chair . cliff it 's all yours . Eve and cliff go to the bar . Adam sit down glumly . he look across the room and catch the eye of miss sweet who be seat at a table with Heather . a good looking guy be hit on they . cutting back and forth between Adam and they we see miss sweet 's smile escalate . then she nudge Heather who also look over and smile . Adam smile back . finish with a closer shot of he Pov of miss sweet 's hair , butt and leg . angle - bar Eve and cliff be in cozy conversation at the bar . Jonathan , Jason , and Sophie be in the bg . angle - Troy return from the restroom . he be surprised to see Eve at the bar with cliff . when he look back at the dance floor table , Adam be not there . angle - eve and cliff sipping wine . eve so where be you roommate , the model ? cliff you know , I do not know . and look at you , I do not care . it 's be too long , Eve . adam ( oc ) please excuse this interruption . cliff oh , brother ... wider - bar Adam step closer , look past cliff at Eve . adam Eve , I do not mean to be rude , and please excuse I cliff , but Eve , be not cliff just a butt with hair ? cliff what ?! adam I be sorry , and leg . leg , butt and hair . well , be not he ? and shallow , as well ? cliff ( the shallowest guy in the world ) shallow ? I be shallow ?! eve go home , Adam . go to you hotel . cliff yeah . before I kick you ass . he give Adam a shove . adam cliff , I must warn you . I know how to defend myself . cliff do ya ? cliff throw a right which Adam calmly block and counter with a short right jab to cliff 's mouth , snap he head back . it 's not a big punch , but very , very quick . it make Eve mad and astonish Troy , Jason and Jonathan . eve stop it , you two ! cliff ( slightly insecure ) I guess we should not fight in here . adam ( lowering he guard ) yes , I agree . cliff draw back another right . Adam flick out a quick leave to cliff 's cheek , again snap he head back , but not he body . ( this be not big movie hit . ) cliff take a beat or two then draw back he right fist again . Adam pop he in the nose . cliff drop he right arm to he side . eve Adam ?! adam I be sorry . cliff ( increasingly insecure ) maybe we should not fight at all . Fighting be pretty immature . adam ( lowering he guard ) it certainly be . I agree with you completely . cliff Eve ? I be leave . eve I do not blame you ! adam ( turn to Eve ) Eve , I be sorry . see a opportunity , cliff rear back with another right . Adam deftly pop he in the mouth again with a short right jab . cliff ( deeply insecure ) well , good night , everyone . Troy , Jonathan and Jason say good night to he . cliff walk unsteadily away bleed from the mouth and both nostril . ( hopeful that no one have notice that he 's very subtly just get the crap beat out of he . ) eve I be leave , too . adam but , Eve , I would -- eve and tomorrow maybe Troy will help you out -- because I quit ! this be ridiculous ! you be ridiculous ! I be ridiculous ! she exit . Adam look over at Troy who shrug . ext . eve' house - midnight Troy take out he key as he approach the front door . but the door open . Eve stand there in sweat . agitate . eve he go back to the hotel ? troy uh..he might of . int . eve' house - continuous Troy enter . she slam the door . eve what 's that mean ? troy we do not leave together . eve who do he leave with ? troy what 's it to you ?! eve I be he pimp . he leave with the dancer , do not he ? troy hey , you be the psychic . Eve , the psychic pimp . you tell I . eve that slut ! troy yeah . but who 's not a slut this day ? he enter the kitchen int . kitchen she follow he : he get something to drink . . eve where be you go ? troy to bed . eve to bed ? troy yeah . I be not the one who 's in love with the guy . eve what ?! now hold on ! wait one damn minute ! Troy exit into he office . int . office he plop down on the chair . . eve in the first place , I do not fall in love with weirdo I have only know for four or five day . troy yes , you do . eve and I do not fall in love with grow man who collect baseball card !! troy uh , yes , you do . eve or pee in they pants when they see the ocean ! troy yes , you do ! eve or have perfect table manners . troy ( sit up ) you know , I ask he about that . and he say that good manners be a way we have of show other people that we respect they . see , you would eat like a slob if you be alone , but since another human be be present , you show that person respect by go to the trouble of have proper manners . I do not know that . I think it be a way of appear superior . ( then ) know what else he tell I ? eve ( sit on the bed ) what ? troy he think that I be a gentleman and that you be a lady ! eve well , consider the source . I do not even know what a lady be . troy exactly ! I think a gentleman be somebody who own horse . turn out , the short and very simple definition of a gentleman or a lady be : someone who always attempt to make the people around he or she feel as comfortable as possible . that 's it ! if you do not do that , nothing else matter . the car , the clothes , the house ... eve where do he get all that information ? troy from the oddest place . his parent 's tell he . I do not think I get that memo . eve so now I suppose he 's try to make that two dancer feel as comfortable as possible . troy he do not leave with they . eve well ... I admit it . I be glad to hear that . troy he leave with Sophie . eve what ?!! troy it 's true . she sweep he out the door whisper little french thing into he ear . eve oh , no ! not Sophie ! no way ! please do not tell I that !! troy what be you go to do ? go over to she place and kick in the door ? eve you be goddamn right I be ! she exit , then stick she hand back in . eve ( cont would ) you come ?! troy ( cring ) I do not think so . eve coward ! she exit . troy gentleman coward , to you . scene 148 omitted ext . house - moment later Eve hurry out of the house leave the front door wide open . she run down the porch step , across the yard , and to she car , which she unlock with the usual fumble . eve come on ! come on , damn it ! int . car she jump in and stick the key in the ignition . Adam appear at the passenger window . adam hi! Eve scream bloody murder as she throw open she door and jump out into the street where she fall down , hurt she knee . Adam run around the car to help she to she foot . dog start bark in several house . adam Eve ?! eve scare I , why do not you ?!!? you stupid son of a bitch !!! adam I be really sorry ! eve what in the hell be you do here !! you be suppose to be over on San vicente boulevard have unsafe sex with that slut Sophie !! adam I know ... and I be really sorry . eve well , you should be ! thanks to you , my heart be in my neck ! adam what ? eve goodnight ! Eve march , with a limp , back to the house . adam Eve , if you will let I , I can -- eve look ! I be limping ! how attractive be that ?! what if this be for life ?! adam I know first aid ! eve well , you have better !! he chase she up the porch step . int . live room - thirty minute later light be low and warm . Adam be attempt to swab the abrasion on Eve 's knee through the tear in she old sweat pants . eve wait a minute . she reach down and give the knee hole a good rip , revealing she leg from above the knee to the gym sock . eve there . adam thanks . he take the back of she calf in one hand and apply the antiseptic to she knee with the other . it sting and she flinch . adam steady . steady . it 's go to be all right in no time . he lean down and blow on the wound . cu of that . cu of he hand on she calf . cu of she look down at he , watch as he blow gently on she knee . adam I go to Sophie 's and she be very hospitable . eve be that what you call it ? adam but it just be not where I want to be so I leave as politely as I could and find a taxi . but I ask the driver to drop I here instead of at the hotel . there 's a song mister como sing call " on the Street where you live . " you know it ? eve sing it to I . adam ( softly , say it as much as sing it ) " all at once be I - - several storey high -- know I be - - on the street -- where you live . " it 's about a young man who be overjoy just to be stand in front of the house of the person he love . she reach down , and take hold of he collar , draw he to she and they kiss very romantically and at length . then : eve Adam ... dumb question , but humor I . have you ever have sex before ? adam no . she sit up . eve how be that possible ? during the follow speech camera push past he and linger on she as she gradually realize that Adam be mental . adam ( sit up ) in 1962 , when the bomb be drop on Los Angeles , my parent be in we fallout shelter . that 's where I be bear . we only survive because it be a huge shelter as fallout shelter go . my father work on it secretly for year . when he have to , he use contractor , but always from out - of - state and always for just a portion of the job . he tell they it be a secret government experiment do through caltech . my dad 's not a liar , but he feel in this case he have no choice . of course , it have to be a secret , because we have just enough supplies to last three people thirty - five year . that 's also why I have no brother or sister . the air vent be the really tricky part , but he be able to cut into a flood control sewer . what I would like to do Eve , be take you down into the fallout shelter with I . we could live there with my Mom and dad . my dad say if I find a healthy girl I should " bring she on down " . and you look plenty healthy to I . eve uh-huh . Adam ? adam yes , Eve ? eve I want you to go back to the hotel now . I will call you a cab . adam of course . I should not be over here at this hour . he rise . she get up and lead he to the door . eve that 's right . and I will see you in the morning in the lobby . do you mind wait outside for the taxi ? adam not at all . and Eve thank you for tonight ... and for the kiss . my first . eve my pleasure . adam it be at least as good as the sky . eve really ? okay ! adam and I think better than the ocean . I be serious ! eve neat . goodnight ! ext . house - continuous Adam come out glow with happiness . he look heavenward . and do he patent thumb up . behind he we hear Eve lock all the lock on she front door . ext . valley avenue - day a refrigerated u-haul truck lurch down the street . int . truck Adam struggle with the gear as Troy worry about he drive skill . troy goddamn , Adam ! adam wait a minute ! he promptly pull over and turn off the engine . troy I be sorry . I take the Lord 's name in vain again , do not I ? I be so sorry . adam no ! there 's a adult bookstore back there ! I will be right back ! Adam jump out of the truck and run off . troy without question , the strangest man I have ever meet . ext . adult bookstore - moment later Adam run up . the bookstore look familiar . Adam run to the next store . it 's a bar . he run to the next store . it 's the malt shop . Adam be thrilled . he try the front door and at first it do not open . int . malt shop the soda jerk be lead about twelve follower in prayer . soda jerk give we a sign ! that 's all we ask ! give we some sort of sign ! the front door open and Adam peer in . he see the soda jerk ; smile broadly at he and wave . then he close the door . the soda jerk grab he heart and faint . his follower rush to he aid . int . truck - moment later Adam jump in . adam okay , Troy ! let 's get that all - beef freeze patty ! troy how ' bout we check with Eve first ? adam you bet ! troy so , do you buy a movie ? adam what ? troy a magazine ? a toy perhaps ? in the bookstore . adam ( concentrate on he drive ) no , I would not go in one of that place with a gas mask on . troy ( laugh in agreement ) I know what you mean ! I usually wear a big hat and dark glass . adam do that work ? troy yeah ... seem to . Adam would not have think that . int . eve' house - a hour later Adam spring in , Troy drag in behind he ( know the deal ) . Eve be stand away from the door next to a kind look professional woman name dr.aron . adam hi , Eve ! eve hi , Adam . this be , uh .... aron I be Nina aron , Adam . adam how do you do ? aron very well , thank you . I be with the County family service Department . Eve tell I you have be live in a bomb shelter most of you life . adam fallout shelter . there 's a difference . aron Adam , I would like to introduce you to my associate -- Mr. Brown . brown appear from the kitchen . he 's good -size man who dress casually . Adam become uneasy . adam hello . he nod politely . aron we want you to come with we so we can talk some more about you experience . adam come where ? aron my office . adam for how long ? aron well , that depend ... adam I thank you very much for the invitation , but I be quite busy today . perhaps I could see you tomorrow . eve Adam .... you should go with Dr. aron . it 's the best thing . the best thing for you . I promise . adam ... all right , Eve . if you say so . eve ... I do . adam ( to aron ) could I please just go home ? I be lose , but this morning I find home and I promise not to bother any of you ever again . aron let 's go talk first , Adam . adam yes , mar 'am . the two come forward . one open the door and one beckon for Adam to step out . troy good-bye , Adam . adam Goodbye . Adam look back at Eve , who look away . Adam exit . aron ( to Eve ) you will be hearing from I . she shut the door . Troy sit dejectedly . eve well what be I suppose to do ?! he want I to live underground with he ! that 's like silence of the lamb , do not you think ?! troy I know ... I know . you do the right thing . Eve go to the window and watch as we see adam break from brown and run off with he chase . eve oh , no ! troy what ?! she run out . he follow . ext . STREET Adam race down the sidewalk . he cut leave and run between house . Brown be not as fast . ext . eve' front yard Eve and Troy run out to aron who be dial she cell phone . eve oh , my God ! aron he will catch he . ( then into phone ) hi. this be Nina aron . I have get a run away and I be go to need police assistance . eve no ! not the police ! do not call they ! aron I have to . if a complaint be make and the person resist obser -- eve no , I can not have that ! they will come with they car and they gun and they handcuffs -- aron calm down , please . this man need help and you need protection from he . that 's obvious . eve you know , I do not think so . I be confuse but you know , I do not think he would ever hurt I . I do not think he would hurt anyone . aron and now you must let I be the judge of that ! eve I be frighten and I do not know what to think ! but you know - I believe he . I think he just want to go home . wherever the hell that be ... aron let 's all remain calm . that 's the key thing . suddenly Adam appear from the side of the house , startling everyone . he toss he hotel key to Eve . adam the key to my hotel room ! I want you to have my baseball card ! ( run to the truck ) and please be sure to pay my bill ! aron Young man , stop right there ! aron look around for Mr. Brown . Adam jump into the truck . aron yell for he to stop . aron stop , right now ! get out of that truck ! troy Adam , you really should not try to drive that truck ! adam ( start the engine ) bye , Troy ! troy bye , Adam ! adam and thanks for always be happy ! troy what ? eve Gay . troy oh. ( yell to Adam ) well , you be ... certainly welcome ! Adam get the truck in reverse and back out of the driveway and into a park car . aron hey !!! that 's my car , you son of a bitch !! get the truck in first , Adam have to go down the sidewalk a bungalow or two before he can get back onto the street . he clip two park car as he do . Brown come run from the side of the house . his pants be tear . aron ( cont would ) where the hell have you be ?! brown I fall down ! ( to Troy and Eve ) what 's the license number of that truck ?! aron do not ask they ! they be as fuck - up as the other guy ! troy let 's all just try to remain calm . that 's the key thing . aron how ' bout I just knock the shit out of you ?! Brown have to grab she . ext . u-store - it - later , same day Eve and Troy arrive in she geo to see that the two locker door be open and much of the stuff have be carry off . Eve drop she head in disappointment . troy I guess he take what he could . eve ( put she head in she hand ) good God ... you do not think there really be a bomb shelter , do you ? troy fallout shelter . she give he a look . troy ( cont would ) there 's a difference . int . shelter , patio - later , same day helen be use the hip -reduction machine while calvin read , how to win Friends and influence people . the distant sound of the hatchway be open get they attention . then : adam ( oc ) Mom ?! dad ?! I be home ! they jump up and race into the live room , meeting Adam halfway . the parent kiss and hug they son before notice that he 's get the soda jerk with he . adam I have get almost everything we need ! and this nice man ... soda jerk archbishop melker . we meet earlier . he promptly drop to he knee in supplication . adam ... and he church group have volunteer to help we bring the supplies down . but we have get to hurry . helen be you in trouble , son ?! adam I think I be be chase by a psychiatrist . helen a psychiatrist ?! soda jerk it happen . helen my goodness ! how bad be it up there ?! soda jerk horrible . calvin you have something on you forehead . soda jerk I know . int . adam' HOTEL room - dusk Eve and Troy look around . she open a drawer and see how nicely fold and put away thing be . Troy notice " tv guide " and the gideon Bible sit out with a page marker in it . he open the night table drawer and take out the cigar box . troy this it ? Eve nod . troy what do you want to do with it ? eve give it back to he . troy and if we can not find he ? eve we will find he . int . bathroom , adam' HOTEL room Eve enter and look at how tidy Adam 's toiletry be ; how the comb be just right in the brush ; how the tooth paste ( ipanna in a ' 61 tube ) have be squeeze from the bottom ; and at how he have hang up he sock to dry . it make she very sad . she pick up the toothpaste and hold it as if it be he ring . troy ( oc ) hey , Eve ? Eve ? he enter with stock certificate and see that she 's very close to cry . troy what 's wrong ? eve I do not know . everything 's so neat . it 's all just so ... goddamn dear . ( start to cry ) damn ! troy see this ? found they in the box with the card . this be stock certificate . IBM . at&t. Polaroid . instead of take the certificate , she hand he the toothpaste and sit down on the bed in a funk . troy ( cont would ) ( look at the toothpaste ) ipana . I think I remember that brand . ( then ) oh , here , you should read this . " trademark , 1961 . " he hold out the tube and she take it to read . ext . rear of malt shop - same time Adam , the soda jerk and fifteen follower hurriedly unload the truck , take provision into the back door of the malt shop . int . jason be office - same time they pal Jason be on the phone with Troy . jason purchase in 1958 and ' 59 ? ten thousand share of each ? they would be worth million . Hell , I do not know ... million upon million upon million ! how ' bout that ? int . HOTEL room - early evening Troy be on the phone . Eve be stand , look at the stock certificate . troy thanks , Jason . he slam down the phone and jump to he foot . troy million upon million upon million ! the card . the stock ! the clothes ! the toothpaste ! the guy be on the level ! and you blow it ! a man walk into you life who be the kindest , most polite , honest , trustworthy , incredibly rich guy you have ever meet in you life !! and what do you do ?! eve have he commit . troy yeah ! that 's think . eve he be always so " nice " ! how be I suppose to know that 's a good thing ?! " Nice " be weird ! Nice be ... what be " nice " ? it 's not cool ! I will tell you that . ( beat , then ) be it ever ? troy I do not know . I like to think so . eve well , at least I fall for he before I find out he be rich ! that 's new . ( then ) wait a minute ! he say today he know where home be . what happen this morning ?! where do you go ?! troy to get some freeze poultry . eve then what ? troy we come back to the house ! eve you do not stop anywhere else ?! troy no . no , wait a minute . we stop at a porno store . eve what ?! troy a adult bookstore . he be very excited about see it . you think home be under a dirty bookstore in the Valley ? eve come on . she head out . troy trendy address . they exit . ext . adult bookstore - night Troy and Eve approach and enter . int . adult bookstore - night the pakistani look up briefly when Eve and Troy enter . there be two male customer in the bg . Eve tap she foot on the floor hope to hear a hollow sound . but it be solid . she and Troy move about the store tapping they foot and finally jump up and down . the pakistani and two customer become concerned . eve ( to pakistani ) have you get a basement ? pakistani ( indicate merchandise ) believe I , all the really good stuff be right here . eve be there a back entrance ? pakistani be you kid ? of course . he point to the rear of the store . ext . rear malt shop parking lot - night the soda jerk drive the rental truck away leave the lot empty and the door to the malt shop close . Troy and Eve appear after the truck be go . eve why would you put a fallout shelter under a porno shop ? troy none of this stuff be here in 1962 . the Valley be mostly small home and fruit orchard . eve well , we have come a long way , have not we ? I want to go home . troy yeah . maybe he will call . they turn leave to get back to the avenue . int . eve' house - night the phone be ringing . then the recorder answer . troy hi. Troy and Eve be out so leave a message . and if you want to leave a number do not say it fast ! I hate that ! say it slow . thank you . beep , adam uh , Eve ... this be Adam . look , I just want to thank you for everything you do for I ... and I want to tell you that I ...uh ... that I wish so many good thing for you . I wish so hard that all of you dream come true . um ...i , uh ... ext . avenue - night Eve let Troy drive . she clutches the cigar box and rest she head on the seat as they pull away from the curb in front of the bookstore . a low rider pass they on the leave . Eve see a old hag be shove out of the bar and a homeless man slip into the abandon malt shop and the cross-dressing STREET WALKER make eye at pass car and Adam hang up the pay phone he just use . eve Adam !! troy where ?! eve stop ! she roll down she window . eve Adam !! angle - adam turn when he hear Eve yell he name . angle - eve running from the car . the cigar box fall to the street and the content scatter . Eve could care less . besides , Troy be there to retrieve everything . in a series of cut and slo - mo action the couple race into each other 's arm ... to the pleasure of all the lowlife mention above . now the street look more like capra than scorsese . she 's surprised that she want to kiss he so bad . he 's surprised that he get so aggressive . int . shelter , kitchen - later , same night helen watch calvin work on the timing device for the lock with a screwdriver . helen how long will you set it for this time ? calvin I think ten year . helen well , that 's ... considerably short than before . I be wonder , calvin , why set the lock at all . I mean the radiation be go and ... calvin to keep what 's up there from get down here ! it 's not the radiation I be worried about . adam ( oc ) Mom ? dad ? they turn to see Adam walk forward with Eve . adam I would like for you to meet miss Eve rustokov . calvin know a Russian name when he hear one . but he choose not to pursue it . eve ( step forward , offer she hand ) how do you do , Mrs. Webber ? Mr. Webber ? webber ( rather dumb -struck ) hello . eve uh-huh . I have hear so many wonderful thing about you . helen well , please excuse we ! we ... we have not entertained a guest in ...um ... calvin some time . helen what can I offer you , Eve ? adam Mom ? Eve and I have to go . helen what ? adam I can not explain it now . but I want you to set the lock for two month . you have more than enough of everything . then we will be back to get you . calvin but , I do not understand . adam and , I be ask you to trust I without understanding why . calvin well , in that case ... of course , son . helen of course . eve they be wonderful parent . adam we have to go . helen no , wait ! at least stay for dinner ! calvin yes , please ! you must . adam / eve well ...sure ...okay . int . bar - a hour later calvin mix drink just like he do at the party in 1962 . Adam be with he . int . - kitchen helen race around , just like she do in 1962 , get the roast ready . eve. watch . eve Adam say I should not mention the Communists . helen oh , yes ! please , do not mention the Communists ! int . - dine room helen hurry out of the kitchen to take she seat . the other be already there . helen Eve . I hope I be not be nosey , but be you and Adam ...um ... dating ? eve yes , Mrs. Webber we be . ( then ) I be also from pasadena . helen nearly come unglue . calvin be pleased , too . he raise he tea cup . calvin a toast ! to Adam and Eve ! the other also raise they cup and everyone click . then they drink . eve ( gag ) what be this sh ...stuff ?! calvin hot Dr. pepper ! most people do not know how good it be heat up . eve you know , they do not , do they ? they begin to eat . eve ( cont would ) what about grace ? helen oh , my goodness ! we almost forget ! ( then ) I like you friend , Adam . they all join hand and lower they head . calvin lead they . eve ( vo ) and you think you parent be weird . ext . beautiful valley NORTH of LA - morning Adam and Eve be with a real estate broker . the broker unlock the gate of a chain - link fence and Adam and Eve step onto the property . the broker 's Lexus be in the b.g. broker it 's like the Garden of eden , do not you think ? Adam and Eve respond but we can not hear they under Eve 's narration . eve ( vo ) you see , that night , Adam have a choice between I and he parent . scene 173 omitted ext . valley property - day Adam and Eve be work with a team of architect and contractor at the site of a new home . they have plan and be discuss dimension . eve ( vo ) it 's truly amazing what you can get do when you have unlimited fund . do you know you can have whole house build in just a matter of month . all you have to say be this ... " I do not care what it cost . " and then , of course , you have get to really mean it , which no one ever do . ext . new house - day it be under construction . ext . melrose retro furniture store - day Adam , Eve and Troy enter . int . retro store this be great stuff from the fifty and the sixty . Adam find thing very similar to what he grow up with . there 's a lamp ( or something ) that 's just like the lamp ( or something ) from the Webber live room . adam that lamp be perfect ! store owner ( very faggy ) I be hold that for elton John . troy ( faggy right back ) oh , I think not . scene 176 omitted ( refer to scene 172d ) ext . STREET in front of malt shop ( flashback ) - night Adam and Eve embrace as Troy pick up baseball card and the street people look on . adam Eve , I have get to go back ! my parent can not handle this up here . and there be no bomb , be there ? eve no . adam see ! I can not tell they that ! I can not ever let they know . it make they life .. well , frankly ... a joke . I can not let that happen . you understand ? eve we can make this work , Adam ! believe I ! I be very good at make thing work ! adam my mother 's like that . they kiss again . int . malt shop - day Eve and Troy be show large color drawing to the soda jerk . in cu we see the malt shop exterior all dolled up with a big light sign that say " give I shelter . " there 's valet parking and the adult bookstore and bar have be turn into a souvenir Center ( think Planet Hollywood ) . another draw show fashionable guest board the elevator . eve ( vo ) it take a while to convince archbishop milker that Adam be not God , and he be pretty break up about it , too , until I show he my plan for Los Angeles ' hot and most original night spot . other drawing show dance on the shelter patio and guide tour be show various part of the shelter . eve you will be a ten percent partner and still retain ownership of the entrance . soda jerk praise the Lord . and I mean the real one . ext . beautiful valley NORTH of l.a . - two month later a 1962 cadillac lead a 1962 windowless van through automatic gate that have sign on they say : private road and no trespassing . Troy drive the van . Eve drive the cadillac . Adam be she passenger . eve ( vo ) we idea be to bring Adam 's parent up to the surface very slowly . make they very comfortable and then break the bad news to they that there be no nuclear holocaust . and if that do not kill they Adam 's go to tell he father about the Internet . ext . exact replica of the webber house - day the car pull up and Adam let he parent out . they go bonker when they see the house . int . live room - moment later the parent enter first . they be thrilled , shocked , etc . int . kitchen - moment later as a demonstration , Troy remove a hot cup of coffee from the microwave . helen be happy to see this handy new device . calvin , the inventor , stick he head into the machine to investigate its working . int . family room - moment later Adam demonstrate the vcr to he parent as Troy and Eve look on . adam you put the tape in here and you get a movie -- in you own home . we see the main title to Natural bear killer come up on the screen . Troy and Eve rush forward . eve / troy no !! int . adam' bedroom - same time it have be turn into a office for calvin . helen this be you bedroom ? adam no , Mom , I have turn it into dad 's office . helen well , where be you -- adam Eve and I ...eloped . we be marry . helen no . adam yes . eve be that all right ? helen it 's wonderful , dear ! wonderful !! they hug . helen ( cont would ) calvin ! they be marry ! calvin ( offer he hand to both ) that 's wonderful . we Webber guy have mighty good luck when it come to woman . calvin point out the computer . calvin ( cont would ) what 's that thing ? adam it 's kind of a combination television - typewriter - telephone - post office type of thing . ( lead calvin out ) I will show it to you later . ext . patio - a hour later Adam and calvin exit the house . they wear baseball glove and start play catch . ( calvin note the modern construction of he glove , but do not comment on it . ) calvin this be great son , just great . by the way , Eve 's last name . rus-to-kov , that 's not Russian , be it ? adam it 's ukrainian . her grandparent immigrate here . calvin uh-huh . adam dad , I do not know how to tell you this . and I be go to wait a while , but I think ... dad , there be no bomb . a plane crash into we backyard . I look it up in old newspaper . calvin ( after a while ) you be sure ? adam positive . the Soviet Union collapse without a shot be fire . the cold War be over . calvin that 's what everybody believe ? adam yes , sir . it 's true . calvin what ? do the politburo just one day say - " we give up ? " adam yes . that 's kind of how it be . calvin uh-huh . Adam throw the ball , but calvin make no attempt to catch it . calvin my gosh , that commy be brilliant ! you have get to hand it to them ! " no , we do not drop any bomb ! oh yes , we evil empire have collapse ! poor , poor we ! " I bet they have even ask the West for aid ! right ?! adam uh , I think they have . calvin hah !!! that cagey rascal ! that sly dissembler ! that , uh ... ( he can not think of another description , so he move on ) they have finally pull the wool over everybody 's eye ! eve ( vo ) have you ever in you life see a son who do more for he parent ? helen come out with a tray of champagne cocktail . eve ( vo ) Adam say that this be simply how thing work . first the parent take care of the child and then the child take care of the parent . he say historically , that 's how it work . int . live room Eve and Troy be sit by the window . Adam and helen come in to offer cocktail to Troy and Eve . eve ( vo ) whenever Adam give I such obviously incorrect information , I just smile , slap he on the knee , and look out the window . why spoil he dream ? they be such wonderful dream . the camera wander off of they and shoot out the glass door . we see calvin behind the house ... measure off the dimension for a fallout shelter . ext . house - continuous calvin continue to measure as we pull way back and up . perry como sing " we will meet again " . fade out : the end