braze sapvies mel brook ' '' black bart " a original screenplay by mel brook Richard pryor Andrew bergman norman Steinberg Alan uger base on a story by Andrew bergman final February 6 , 1973 rev.thry Feb. 27 , 1973 1 . " black bart fade in : ext . prairie day panoramic shot of western prairie . in the far distance we see a speck of activity on the horizon . credit begin : over credit we hear we title song , the love theme from black bart , title on screen read : the love theme from black bart sung by mel brooks as tony bennett and frankie laine we hear the faint sound of clanking and voice . as camera get closer we begin to make out shape of man hard at work . camera continue to move in . through the heat shimmer we be now able to distinguish that this be a railroad work gang make up of black , chinese and irish immigrant laborer . they be hard at work lay track westward , under the watchful gaze of cruel overseer . credit end : lyle the assistant foreman , walk into frame . he be obviously dissatisfied . he be flanke by two cruel overseer . he take out a pocket watch , glance at it and put it back . lyle : c'mon boy . the way you be lolly - gag around here with they shovel you would think it be 120 degree . could not be more than 114 . ha , ha , ha . a chinese man fall over from the heat . lyle : ( continue ) — dock that chink a day 's pay for napping on the job . overseer # 1 : right , lyle . lyle : now c'mon boy , where 's you spirit ? when you be slave you sing like bird . how about a good old nigger work song . 2 . gang of black CUT to : they be sweat profusely , they look at each other . we hero , black bart , shuffles forward . he be a handsome wiry black man in he late 20' . his appearance suggest that he be somewhat ahead of he time . he take off he hat , mop he brow in good old darkie fashion and then turn to he fellow worker and nod . they hum a chord . bart : ( segues into up - tempo , Sinatra - style rendition of : ) " I get no kick from champagne mere alcohol doesn't thrill I at all so tell I why should it be true that I get a kick out of you , " Bart 's sing be beautifully back up in pied piper fashion by he co-worker . CUT to : lyle and overseer look at each other in amazement . lyle : hold it ! hold it ! what the hell be that shit ! I mean a song . something like " swing low sweet chariot " . a song ! CUT to : bart and he co-worker , they pretend to be puzzle . cur to : lyle lyle : do not know that one , huh ? well , how about " De camptown lady " . every darkie worth he soul know " De camptown lady " , Bart turn to he co-worker in mock confusion . ( continued ) 3 . revise 2/22/73 6 ( cont . ) 7a . bart : " De camptown lady " . " De camptown lady " . his co- worker go along with the put - on , co-worker ad lib . lyle : ( explode ) aw , you know ! " camptown lady sing dis song , doo - dah , doo - dah " . a few of the overseer come in and help out . lyle and overseer sing and strutting in traditional stupid minstrel style . lyle & overseer : " De camptown lady sing dis song , doo - dah , doo - dah . De camptown Race track five mile Long , all the doo - dah Day . all the doo - dah night , all the doo - dah Day " , CUT to : black worker they all stand around , they arm fold , nodd ~ appreciatively at the impromptu concert . cur to : lyle and overseer sing and strutting . lyle & overseer : " Bet my money on the bobtail nag , somebody Bet on De Bay . all the doo - dah night , all the doo - dah Day , Bet my money on the bobtail nag , somebody Bet on .... ( continued ) 4 . man on horseback approaching te the man be taggart , the burly heartless , foreman . taggart ride over and strike lyle on the head with a swagger stick . taggart : what in the wide , wide world of sport be go on here ? TI hire you to get some track laid , not to jump around like a bunch of Kansas City faggot . lyle : sorry , Mr. taggart ... get catch up . taggart : listen , shithead . surveyor say there might be some quicksand up ahead . lyle : okay , 1'11 send down a team of horse to test the ground . taggart : ( smashes he on head with swagger stick ) horse : be you crazy ? we can not afford to lose horse . send two niggras . lyle : you and you . lyle point to Bart and charlie , another black worker . bart : but , sir , he specifically ask for two niggras . to tell a family secret , wy grandmother be dutch . be you familiar with Holland ? well , you know where Antwerp cut off rotterdam ? well , right there we run this little after hour windmill ... ( apical explode get on that handear and take it down to the end of the line . Bart and Charlie walk to the handcar . charlie : I have no idea you grandmama be dutch . ( continued ) 8 ( cont . ) bart : well , grandfather say she be always hang around with a lot of dyke . they crack up and slap each other off . they hop on the handcar and start pump they way down the track . cur to : 9 , master shot bart and charlie on the handcar move along the track . CUT to : 10 . close shot bart and charlie pump . suddenly they come to a dead stop . they stare at each other and slowly they begin to sink out of the frame . we hear a strange gurgle noise . charlie : 4 m I wrong or be the world rise ? bart : I do not know but whatever it be , I hate it . CUT to : lh. master shot bart and charlie waist deep in quicksand . bart : hey Charlie , let I ask you something . now do not be too hasty with you answer . put some think to it . what be it that 's not exactly water and it be not exactly earth and when it suck you under it squeeze the last shred of breath out of you lung till you die ? Bart and Charlie look at each other . bart & charlie : ( shouting ) quicksand ! !! 6 . 12 . tagcart and lyle caro ride into the scene , a look of disgust on they face . taggart climb down off he horse and throw he hat down . taggart : quicksand . shit . now we be in trouble . CUT to : 13 . bart and charlie in quicksand up to they neck . bart : they be in trouble . cuT to : 14 . taggart and lyle read map . bart & charlie : ' ( v.0,3 throughout ) help : help : taggart : now let 's see here , we can not go straight ahead and we can not swing vight because of this ravine . we be gonna have to turn north ... he turn around toward the direction of Bart and Charlie . taggart ( continue ) «..to rock Ridge . ( to Bart & Charlie ) would you folk hold it down just aminute . we be try to get some work do here . we can not hear we - selve think with all that " help " go on . now let 's see ... cuut to : 1 . bart and charlie bart : ( softer ) help . help . two human being die . < continued ) 7 . 15 ( cont . ) charlie ; two brother head for the basement . CUT to ; 16 . taggart taggart : Holy cow ! hurry , lyle , get a rope . lyle get rope from saddle - twirl loop over he head vigorously , taggart : ( continue ; impressed with this fancy twirling ) hey , lyle , can you still do that fancy thing with the rope ? lyle : I do not know . I will try . lyle do fancy rope act - jump through loop and other elaborate rope trick . oot to. 16a , bart and charlie stare at each other in disbelief . CUT to ; 17 . lyle lyle : wanna see the hang Dog tail ? taggart : no , better hurry and get that rope in there . CUT to : 18 . bart and charlie they heave a sigh of relief . 19 . 194 . 20 . 21 , 8 . lyle CUT to : he skillfully toss the rope in they direction . cut to : bart and charlie they stare in amazement as the rope sail over they head way out of reach . it loop around handle of handcar . CUT to : taggart and lyle lyle be tie end of rope to back of wagon . taggart : hurry up . there 's $ 400 worth of handear sink there . curt to : bart and charlie bart : handear ! hey you stupid sonova - bitch , what about we ? taggart walk over to edge of quicksand where Bart be strain to reach a overhange branch . taggart place he boot heel on Bart 's forehead . taggart ; now that 's the kind of attitude that hold you people back . maybe if you have a little respect for you better you could make you way up in this world . charlie : up. that 's what we want - up ! ( continued ) 21 ( cont . ) 22 . taggart : lemme get back to you on that ... lyle . taggart walk away . in a last desperate effort , Bart manage to grab on to the handcar . Charlie grab Bart 's leg and the two be pull out together with the handear . they lie there try to catch they breath . taggart : ( to the exhaust Bart and Charlie ) okay boy , the break be over . let 's not lie around take sun bath . wo not do you much good anyway . taggart and lyle be convulse by taggart 's dry wit . taggart : ( continue ) here , put this shovel to some good use . he drop shovel on the ground next to Bart and walk back toward lyle . Bart grab shovel , stand up and take vicious practice swing with it . Charlie look at Bart . charlie : do not do it baby . bart : I have to ! Bart start walk toward taggart and lyle . CUT to : taggart and lyle taggart : we be in a heap of trouble and we be go to need a lot of extra supplies . write this down . lyle pull out paper and pencil . taggart : ( continue ) now wire the main office in topeka and tell they that I ... ( continued ) 10 . revise 2/22/73 22 ( cont . ) 23 , 24 , at this point Bart smashes taggart on the head with shovel . taggart : ( continue ) -..said ow ! he drop like a stone . lyle : ( do not notice ; continue write ) ' Wire main office and tell they I say ow ! ' get it , curt to : ext , state capital build day Rider on horseback pull up to Capital building step . a little to the right of he we see a stagecoach in the process of be hold up . bandit with black bandanas over they face point gun at man and woman who stand with they arm raise . Rider pay no attention to scene . he rush up step into building . dissolve through to : insert sign on frost glass . hedley lamarr attorney general assistant to governor state procurer camera dissolves through door . cut to : 25 . 10a . revise 2/22/73 int . lamarr office tight shot of map on wall . map depict the progress of the railroad construction . finger enter frame and point to end of red line on map . slow zoom back to reveal taggart stand in front of map , point . his head be swathed in bandage . his hat rest way atop bandage . taggart : ( point ) and right here , Mr. lamarr , be where we run into the quicksand . ( continued ) 11 . 25 ( cont . ) he touch forehead tenderly . he be still ' obviously in great pain . CUT to : 26 . hedley lamarr he study map intently . lamarr : quicksand . quicksand ... splendid . taggart : so now the railroad 's gotta go through rock Ridge . lamarr : ( carefully digest the news ) rock Ridge . rock Ridge ... splendid . taggart : yes , sir ... yes , sir . rock Ridge ... rock Ridge . lamarr : be still , taggart . my mind be aglow with whirling transient node of think careen through a cosmic vapor of invention . there be a long pause . taggart : ditto . lamarr : shut up ! taggart : yes , sir . lamarr : a plan , a plan , I need a plan . he get up and pace behind he desk . suddenly there be a fearful crash eminate from just outside of lamarr 's window . 27 . 28 . 28a . 28b . 28c . 12 . taggart CUT to : he be startle . he leap to he foot . taggart : what in the hell be that ? CUT to : lamarr he angrily storm over to the window , pull up shade and vaise window , we see a gallow set up just outside the eee stand on top of the scaffold be a hood hangman boris ) . CUT to : ext , scaffold boris . nextht. cuUT to : lamarr boris , please , we can not hear ourselves think . CUT to : 3 — y om boris ae Te Real by C you : pzb e foe mav uena im thorry , Mr. lamarr , I have two myl ? man out with the flu . ft'sth utter ths d h D tin , 30 tie agee ns I gin pot , thumb man fot a peel around he neck , '' rl . th lem no the buti nat + GE " bas a6 < ( continue ) cbe 572 I will try to keep it quiet ath pothible , but ath you can thee thith one ith a doothy . ait be wheeled up and the noose be place 28d . 28e . 28f . 13 . lamarr cut to : lamarr : oh , yes , the Dr. gillespie killing . do you best . lamarr pull down the shade . there be a incredible crash outside as the man in the wheelchair go through the trap door . lamarr : now where be we ...oh , yes . rock Ridge . when that railroad come through rock Ridge , the property there will be worth million and I want it . I want that land so badly I can taste it . CUT to : taggart take lamarr 's word literally . he try to imagine eat dirt . he do not like it . CUT to : lamarr and taggart mv . — lamarr : taggart : yes , sir . lamarr : unfortunately there be one thing that stand between I and that property , and that 's the rightful owner . there must be a way of scare they out .* taggart : what about kill the first bear male child in each household , lamarr : no , that 's be do to death . taggart : I do not think we have anything to worty about . we can work up a number six on they . ( continued ) 14 . 28f ( cont . ) 29 . lamarr : number six ? I do not think I be familiar with that one . taggart : that 's just where we ride into town at dawn thrashing everything that move to within a inch of its life ... except the woman folk , of course . lamarr : oh , you spare the woman ? taggart : oh no , we rape the shit out of they at the number six dance that follow . lamarr : it sound grotesque but enter - tain ... just might work . ( lamarr notice taggart 's bandage for the first time ) why taggart , you have be hurt . taggart : yes , sir . this uppity niggra hit I with a shovel and for would appreciate it if you could find it in you heart to hang he . he 's lock up downstairs . lamarr : consider it do . lamarr raise window shade . through window we see a rider and horse be lead up to the gallow . boris place one noose around the rider 's neck and another noose around the horse 's neck . lamarr : ( continue ) boris , I have get a special . when can you work he in ? se CUT to : ext . scaffold day boris : ( put noose around horse 's neck ) I could not pothibly thneak he in until Monday , thir . we be J bock tholid . 30 . 31 . 32 15 . int . lamarr office CUT to : lamarr : Monday . splendid . lamarr pull down shade . taggart : much oblige . and do not you worry , Mr , lamarr ... we will make rock Ridge sorry it be ever bear . lamarr : splendid ! we hear a big crash from outside as horse and rider go plummete through the trap door . boris : thorry . ( v.0 . ) fade out : fade in : ext . rock ridge next morning chorus of western voice sing , the ballad of rock ridge . as lyric tell the story , we will see it happen on the screen . chorus : v.o. there wis a peaceful town call rock ridge where people live in harmony . CUT to : shot of MAIN STREET rock ridge people be walk up and down street . a little boy be roll a hoop . a buckboard with happy family drive by . people pass and tip they hat in greeting . chorus : they never have no kind of trouble there be no hint of misery . 33 . 34 , 35 . 36 , 16 . MAIN STREET CUT to : camera track shot of merchant wave happily from doorway to passer - by . CUT to : int . SALOON chorus : ( v.0 . ) : the town SALOON be always lively . Men at bar , they be all drink and chat politely . a small herd of cattle move through the saloon . cuoriis : ( v.0 . ) but never nasty or obscene . CUT to : bartender a big dirty animal of a man . he clean shot glass by spit - ting into they and wiping they with he filthy apron .. chorus : ( v.0 . behind the bar stood anal johnson he always kept thing nice and clean then all at once the trouble start . suddenly shot ring out and the saloon window shatter . everyone duck for cover . cuT to : ext . rock ridge ' day chorus : ( v.o. ) a pack of murderer and thieve like swarm of LOCUST they descended there AIM to make the town folk leave , 37 . 38 . 38a , 38b . 38c . 17 . revise 2/27/73 cut to : montag : reign of terror Band of desperados lead by taggart and lyle swoop into town . they FIRE wildly in the air . people scatter and horse rear in fright . they ride through the center of town perform various frontier cruelty : overturn buckboard , riding by and whomping citizen over the head . CUT to : omitted sheriff he come out of he office , sheriff : what 's the meaning of this ? taggart 's man shoot the sheriff . sheriff : ( continue ; as he be oing down . oh , that 's the meaning . CUT to : ext . general store outlaw ride into frame , lassoe man in checkered suit and drag he off . CUT to : ext . STREET little boy ( henry ) hold pet snake . henry : ( to outlaw ) his name be pal . ( continued ) 38c ( cont . ) 38d . 39 , 18 . revise 2/27/73 outlaw take snake and tie a knot into it . hand it back to Henry . henry : oh pal . what have they do to you . cur to : ext . general store taggart emerge on horseback from the smoking General store . his arm laden with goods . there be two hat on he head with price tag hang fran they , a man in a apron , and several women and child be run from the store . taggart : hurry boy , it 's a fire sale . ha , ha , ha . CUT to : ext . build lyle approach a house painter who be put last touch of paint on a store front sign . lyle scoops up bucket of paint from scaffold . lyle : what be this , anyhow , .. you flat or you e-namel ? painter : ( jewish ) actually it 's a semi-gloss . like a egg shell . lyle : go on smooth , do it ? painter : ( jewish ) Da best . ( continued ) 19 , revise 2/27./73 39 . cont . ) lyle : then it should cover you in one coat , should not it . lyle pour content of bucket over unfortunate house painter , and ride off laugh . painter : ( jewish ) Boy , do I hate da West , cuUT to : 40 .. CENTER of STREET outlaw ride by drag man in checkered : suit , behind hin .. je man in checkered suit : ( as he drift by , camera . well , that 's the end of this suit . CUT to : 41 .. ext . STREET two men hold a elderly woman while another man pummeis she with he fist . elderly woman : ( to camera ) have you ever see such cruelty ? chorus : ( v.0 . ) now it be a time of great decision . cuT to : 42 . ext . church day sound of sing come through . ( continued ) loa . revise 2/27/73 42 ( cont . ) chorus : ( v.0 . be we to stay or up and quit . dissolve through to : * 43 . int . church we discover that the " ballad of rock ridge " be be sung by townsfolk . they be hold open hymnal . chorus : there's no avoiding this conclusion . our . town be turning into shit . 20 . revise 2/22/73 CUT to ; 44 , reverend johnson stand at pulpit . rev . johnson : be seat . people sit . rev . johnson : I don " t have to tell you good folk what 's be happen to we beloved little town . sheriff murder , crop burn , store ransacke , people stampede and cattle rape . the time have come to act and act fast . I be leave . reverend start off platform . townsfolk ad lib . CUT to : 444a , gabby johnson a grizzle little grub-staker in shred , but stylish , buckskin . he chaw tobacco and spit great glob of brownish gook as verbal punctuation . gabby johnson : hol ' on . consarnit , goll - darnit . I will be a horn -swaggel bush - whackin ' side - windin ' saddle horn .». ravvid , ravvid , ravvid ... : ( the rest of he dialogue be completely incomprehensible ) CUT to : 44b . townsfolk there be total silence in the church as everyone carefully digest what have just be say . gabby sit . 21 . revise 2/22/73 CUT to : 44c , olson johnson he rise slowly and majestically and face the crowd . olson johnson : now how can we argue with that . li think we be all indebted to gabby Johnson here for clearly state what have to be say , and I be glad the child be here today to hear that speech , not only be it authentic frontier gibberish . , , but it express a courage that be little see in this day and age . I mean , what be we make of ? we father come across the prairie , fight Indians , fight drought , fight locust , fight dix . remember when Richard dix come in here and try to take the town away ? we do not give up then and by gum we be not give up now . Olson Johnson sit . CUT to : 44d . another angle dr . SAMUEL johnson : ( he rise ) Olson Johnson be right . what kind of people be we anyhow ? I say we stay and fight it out . howard johnson : ( rise ) Dr. Samuel Johnson 's right about Olson Johnson 's be right . and I be not give up my ice cream parlor that I build with this two hand for nothing or nobody . van johnson : Howard Johnson be right . howard johnson : thank you , van. rev . johnson : well , if we be gonna stay , and I think it 's a big mistake , we be gonna have to have we a sheriff . who 's it gonna be ? 44d ( cont . ) pause . 22 . revise 2/22/73 rev . johnson : ( cont . ) all right , nomination for the office of sheriff Johnson be now in order . van johnson : I say we nominate Olson . olson johnson : gentlemen , I be honore . but I must decline on the grounds of I will not do it . li nominate Van Johnson , van johnson : I be not unaware of the prestige and the honor of the office of sheriff . I be also not unaware of the death that frequently accompany the job . I be thereby force by good sense and fear to decline . rev . johnson : this town can not survive without a sheriff to keep the peace . now , who 's it gonna be ? everyone shuffles in they seat uneasily . a little boy ( Henry ) break away from he mother , jump into aisle and make speech . henry : I want to be the sheriff . I can do it . TI can do it . please make I the sheriff . please make I the sheriff . cut to : 45 . shot of citizen seriously consider it . congregation ad lib . howard johnson : why do not we wire the Governor to send we a sheriff . why should we get we own man kill ? ( continued ) 23 . 45 ( cont . ) 46 . 46a . van johnson : Howard Johnson be absolutely right . we will wire the Governor . reverend johnson : let we pray for the deliverance of we new sheriff . the congregation will rise . they all rise . reverend johnson : ( continue ) I will now read from the book of Matthew , Mark , luke and ... shatter of glass as some light dynamite come through window , ? reverend johnson : ( continue ) duck . there be a huge explosion . dissolve to : door william J. le petomane governor curt to : int . governor le petomane's office camera pull back to reveal smoke - fill room . governor william J , le petomane be at one end of table flanke by he voluptuous , crimson - haire secretary , miss stein , and hedley lamarr . Governor Le petomane be a silver - haire , silver - tongue moron . other man at table be state official , politician , ward heeler , etc . lamarr shove a paper in front of Le petomane . lamarr : sign this , Governor , ( continued ) 46a ( cont . ) 24 , le petomane : what be it ? lamarr : under the provision of this bill , the cheyenne nation would give we 200,000 square acre of they land which we have deem unsafe for they use at this time . le petomane : oh , wonderful . what be we give they in return ? lamarr : & box of this . lamarr take out hi-1li paddle and display it . le petomane : seem like a fair exchange . ( lower he voice ) you think you could save one of . that beauty for I ? woo-woo . lamarr : of course , sir . if you will just sign here . lamarr then take Le petomane 's right hand and guide it through the signature . a small herd of cattle pass through he office , le petomane : work , work , work . what 's next ? lamarr : just one more bill for you to sign , sir . le petomane : what be it ? lamarr : this be the bill that will convert the state hospital for the insane into the William J. Le petomane Memorial gambling casino for the insane . ( continued ) 46a ( cont . 1 ) 25 . le petomane : ( rise to he foot ) this bill will be a giant step forward in the treatment of the insane gambler . lamarr : beautifully put . no wonder they call you the silver - tongue orator . le petomane : ( sit down ) thank you , heddy . lamarr : it 's not heddy , Governor ... hedley , hedley lamarr . le petomane : ( friendly aside ) what be you worried about ? this be 1874 ... you can sue she . lamarr : just sign here . le petomane : ( as he hand be be push along paper ) watch the n's . watch the n's . Cross the T , cross the t... if you do not cross the T it look like a big L and ya get Le pelomane , be that it ? miss stein : just this urgent telegram from rock Ridge that come in last Friday . le petomane : read it ... read it . ( under he breath ) you wild bitch . miss stein : ( read telegram ) " sheriff murder . Church meeting bomb , reign of terror must cease , send new sheriff immediately " , ( continued ) 46a ( cont . 2 ) there be 26 . le petomane : ( rise to he foot ) hrumph , hrumph ... murdering sheriff , bombing church , innocent woman and child blow up . normally I would not give a damn , but this be a election year and we have get to protect we phoney , baloney job . general hubbub at the conference table . ( rise ) gentlemen , please rest you sphincter . as. Attorney General , I assure you a suitable sheriff will be find to restore the peace in rock Ridge . meeting adjourned . Excuse I , Governor , I do not mean to overstep my bound . you say that . le petomane : what ? lamarr meeting be adjourned . lamarr leave . le petomane : oh , it be . lamarr : no , Governor . you say that . le petomane : what ? lamarr : never mind . le petomane : good man but he 's nervous . tall people be very nervous . too far from the earth . give I one of that thing , will ya sweetheart . miss stein hand he a hi-li paddle . do four swipe at the ball . miss every time , ( continued ) 46a . ( cont . 3 ) 47 . 48. 27 . revise 2/22/73 le petomane : this be defective . throw it back into the box and exit , cut to : int . lamarr office lamarr be pace up and down . lamarr : a sheriff , a sheriff . but law and order be the last thing I want . ( he stop and smile ) perhaps I can turn this to my ad - vantage . if I can find a sheriff who so offend the citizen of rock Ridge that he very appearance would drive they out of town . but where would I find such a man ? we hear the noise of a commotion . lamarr go to window and look down . CUT to : ext . gallow Bart be be lead to the front of a long line of man wait to be hang . man at front of line : hey , what 's goin ' on , I be next . Men ad lib . bart : ( to guard ) perhaps we better wait . after all they be here before I . ( continued } 26 . 48 ( cont . ) Guard push Bart up step . Bart mount step to scaffold . boris place noose around he neck . boris ; would you care for a blindfold or a after dinner mint ? bart : no , thank you . do you have any - thing in the way of a reprieve ? of boris : thorry . official : ( read from state document ) in accordance with the ordinance sign by John mordinance , the prisoner be to be hang by he neck to pay for sub-ordinance . if the prisoner have no last word , we will proceed with the hang . hang he . boris reach for lever . bart : wait , wait , last word , last word . i£ you do not mind , I would like a brief chat with my maker before I meet he in person . official : of course . Bart whip off he hat . bart : let we bow we head in prayer . oh Lord , I do not know why I be be hang but it really do not matter . he slowly slip noose from around he neck . bart : ( continue ) because sooner or later all who walk upright must take the long nap . he surreptitiously edge he way down the step and quietly make he way through the courtyard . no one see he because all head be bow in prayer . ( continued ) 29 . 48 ( cont . 1 ) 49 ~ 53. 54 . 55 . bart : ( continue ) yea verily , the leave that be green in the spring must soonith or ' later turnith brownith in the fallith . it be with love , not hatred , that I make my way toward the pearly gate of everlast freedom . he be almost out of the courtyard when suddenly , into the frame , press against he head be the long silver barrel of a 6 - shooter . camera pull back to reveal it ia hold by hedley lamarr . lamarr : beautifully put . I would like a word with you - do you have a moment ? screen flip to : omitted , . ' int . governor's office lamarr enter with arm around Bart . Bart be wear a sheriff 's badge . he impassively survey the scene . CUT to : drape moving furiously ( v.o. ) Governor . the drape stop move . Governor Le petomane 's head pop out from behind the drape . ( continued ) 55 ( cont . ) 30 . le petomane : yes . lamarr : official business , sir . le petomane : be with you in a minute . miss stein : ( v.0. ; behind drape ) . what be it , Bill ? le petomane : ( v.o. ; head duck back behind drape ) just a trifle , my dear . throw a robe on ... the floor be dirty . I '11 be back in a minute . Governor emerge from behind drape tucking in he shirt tail . le petomane : oh , hello . sorry to be tardy . I be just look out the wall . what can I do for you , hedley . lamarr : Governor , as per you instruction , I would like you to meet the new sheriff of rock Ridge . le petomane : ( to Bart ) I be pleased to mee ... ( to lamarr ) lamarr , have you go berserk ? this man 's a nigger . ( to Bart ) no offense , son . lamarr : have a seat , sheriff , while we straighten this little matter out . Bart go to corner of room and sit . ( continued ) 55 ( cont . 1 ) 31 . le petomane : lamarr , I have never question you judgment before but have not you take a giant leap away from you own good sense ? you can not make a nigger ( to Bart ) no offense ... ( to lamarr ) the new sheriff of rock Ridge . lamarr : now do not fly off the handle , Governor . I be about to make you a historic figure , maybe get you a cabinet post . le petomane : cabinet post ? cabinet post ? lamarr : the first man to ever appoint a black sheriff . just think of it , Washington , jefferson , lincoln , Le petomane . le petomane : but it will not work . they will never accept he . they will kill that nigger ( to Bart ) no offense ( to lamarr ) dead in one day . lamarr : one day be all we need for you fame to be secure in the annal of western history . and that will surely secure you the nomination for , dare I say , the presidency ? go le petomane : dare , dare . . lamarr : the presidency . Governor stride over to Bart . ( continued ) 55 ( cont . 2 ) 32 . le petomane : ( hum " hail to the Chief " ) good luck nigger , no offense . and I hope that you bring glory , brief as it may be , to this hallow state . miss stein : ( v.o. ) Bill be you come back ? le petomane : ( deftly step out of he trousers be that it heddey , I be terribly busy . lamarr : of course , of course , affair of state . le petomane : very , very funny . you know I can still have you fire . can I fire you ? lamarr : no , you can not , Governor . le petomane : all right , good luck . Governor Le petomane go behind the drape . fade in : fade out : 56 . ext . MAIN STREET rock ridge day people be busy prepare for the arrival of they new sheriff . howard johnson : hurry up , get that flag up , he will be here soon , 33 . CUT to : 57 . olson johnson run up street hold telegram . olson johnson : just get a telegram from the Governor 's office , sheriff will be here at noon . CUT back to : 58 , howard johnson howard johnson : ( hold Laurel wreath and read from paper ) noon ! I would better rehearse my speech . ' as 's honorary : chairman of : the wélcome committee , it be my privilege to extend to you a laurel and hearty handshake . dr . SAMUEL johnson : hey , gabby , can you see he yet ? . CUT to : 59 , ext . church steeple gabby Johnson be look through telescope . gabby johnson : nope. curt to : 60 , ext . prairie day closeup on the word " gucci " imprint on saddle bag . pull back to reveal Black Bart riding across the prairie deck out in spectacular dud , he be wear a sensational white suit , cut in Doc holiday fashion . he sport some violet shade , wear a dynamite stetson , and he boot be fashioned of white lizard . he move like a moist dream across the prairie , he horse step out tastefully to the big bad beat of the Count basie band . as Bart move out of the frame we see , set up on the prairie , the entire basie orchestra , the count himself seat at the " 88 " . 61 . 62 - 62a . 63. 64 . 65 . 65a . 65b . 34 , revise 2/22/73 CUT to : master shot rock Ridge . omitted . gabby he look through telescope . CUT to : what he sees thru telescope a stagecoach be hold up . CUT back to : gabby he shift telescope to opposite horizon . CUT to : what he sees through telescope , a indistinct shape on the horizon . CUT back to : gabby gabby : the sheriff 's come , 66 . 67 . 34a . revise 2/22/73 CUT to : howard johnson on platform . howard johnson : Ring out the church bell . Strike ' up the band . we hear church bell ring out . Band plays p.d. MARCH music . CUT to : what gabby sees through telescope figure om horse become more and more distinct . finally , we see , clear as day , we black hero . 68 . 69 . 70 . 71 . 35 . CUT back to : gabby gabby johnson : ( to himself ) well , I will be a tuckere plun . ( he yell to townsfolk ) you will not believe it , but the sheriff be a no -- bell gong drow out rest of sentence . cuT to : townspeople dr . SAMUEL johnson : what would he say ? olson johnson : the sheriff be near . townspeople start to cheer . townspeople : ( ad lib ) the sheriff be near . the sheriff be near . gabby johnson : no , no , the sheriff be a ni- - bell gong drow out last part of nigger . CUT to : townspeople cheering cheer reach pandemonium stage . Bart be now only fifty . foot away but still cannot be see clearly because of the dust . the dust clear . townspeople see Bart for the first time . as he horse slowly trot down the main street , the music peter out in rag dissonance . CUT to : closeup clarinet player place cap over mouthpiece . 72 , 73. 74 , 75 . 76 . 36 . CUT to : master shot townspeople they be freeze in a tableau of stupefaction . cur to : howard johnson who have not see Bart enter . his eye be glue to he paper as he read he speech . howard johnson : the town of rock Ridge be happy to extend a laurel and hearty welcome to its new ... ( he see Bart ) nigger . CUT to : bart he tip he hat in acknowledgement . Bart ride to center of town and get off he horse . nobody move . they eye follow he as he start climb stair of speaker 's platform . he walk up slow and steady . quick cut of : townsfolk 1 , gabby Johnson , he tongue , the only thing on he face not freeze in horror , '' dangt '' exom he mouth , he shake he head and say " ravvid , ravvid , rav ..v... it 2 . a woman hold she hand over she little girl 's eye . 3 . Olson Johnson slowly , silently mouth the word , " wow . " CUT to : bart on speaker 's platform . he reach inside he belt . bart : Excuse I , while I whip this out . a pierce scream rend the air . 77 . 78. 79 , 80 . 81 . 82. 37 . curt to : woman scream and fainting . CUT back to : bart he whip out roll up proclamation from inside he gun belt . collective gasp of relief issue from the crowd . Bart unroll proclamation and begin read . bart : by the power vested in I ... quick shot of : townsfolk pull out they gun and begin load they . CUT back to : bart bart : ( continue ) .-.by the honorable William J. Le petomane , , , quick cut of : towns people Men who continue to load and cock six shooter , rifle and shotgun . CUT back to ; bart he raise he eyebrow , indicate he be grow rapidly aware of the impending danger . bart : ( continue ; quicken pace of he speech ) ...- I hereby assume the duty of the office of sheriff in and for the township of rock Ridge . ( continued ) 38 . 82 ( cont . ) 83. 84 . reverend Johnson , who have be stand next to Bart , leap forward and raise he arm . he be hold a Bible . reverend johnson : gentlemen , gentlemen , let 's not allow anger to rule the day . as you spiritual leader I implore you to pay heed to this good book and what it have to say . especially that instruction hand down to we by abraham , Isaac and Solomon ... a loud shotgun blast blow a hole through the center of the Bible . reverend johnson : ( continue ) unfortunately , that instruction be now somewhere over omaha. ( to Bart ) Son , you be on you om . I must take shelter so as to preach another day . he crouch down into a Little ball at the base of the platforn . CUT to : towns people . they be all aim they gun at Bart . CUT to : closeup bart face he be clearly frighten . he close he eye tightly as if to squeeze out a think . bart : ( softly ; to himself ) tt might work . Bart whip out he gun and press it to he own neck . bart : ( continue ) hold it , next man make a move , the nigger get it . in a different voice as a cring , whining plantation darkie ) ( continued ) 39 84 ( cont . ) 85 . 86 . 87 . bart : ( cont . ) he mean it . he mean it . he will do it . I know he . bart : ( continue ) you bet you ass I will do it . CUT to : townspeople they be bewilder . olson johnson : hold on man . he 's not bluff . he will kill ' im sure as shoot . CUT back to : bart bart : now throw you gun down . Gentle like , no trick . bart : ( other voice ) please , please do not shoot . throw down you gun . he mean it . he mean it . CUT to : dr . SAMUEL johnson dr . SAMUEL johnson : listen to he , man . he 's just crazy enough to do it . Men throw down gun . Bart back down street still keep tightly press against he own neck , he spot man Van jotinson ) on.roof raise rifle . , bart : ( to Van ) * Drop it or I swear I will blow this nigger 's head all over the street , ( continued ) ho , 87 ( cont . ) bart : ( other voice ) oh , lordie , lordie , he 's desperate . do what he say , CUT to : 88 . howard johnson howard johnson : Drop it , Van . . he 's*serious .. , cuUT to : 884a . van on roof . van johnson : ( frustrated ) aw , shoot . Van drop rifle from roof and it clatter to ground . CUT back to : 89 . bart he slowly continue back down street toward jail house . CUT to : 90 . harriet johnson harriet johnson : ( tearfully ) be not anybody gonna help that poor man ? dr . SAMUEL johnson : hush , harriet , that 's a sure way to get he kill , CUT back to : 91 . bart he be only a few foot away from the jail house . ( continued ) yl . 91 ( cont . ) 92 . 93. bart : easy now , just a few foot more . Bart suddenly make a run for it but quickly stop he - self with a shot just past he head . the town gasp . bart : that be just a warning . the next time he try it he get it right between the eye . reverend johnson : go along with he , son . there will be another time . Bart ease himself , backwards very slowly , until he reach the jail house door , other hand behind he , open door . the last thing we see be he anguish expression as he push himself inside and slam door . CUT to ; int . jail house Bart stand with he back against the door . he heave a great sigh of relief . bart : make it . you be so talented . he throw he arm around himself in a big hug . bart : ( continue ) I love you . bart : ( other voice ) not here . CUT to : ext . railroad campsite night camera pan along pile of railroad construction material . set off from the rest of the campsite by a barb wire fence , be taggart 's headquarters . sign on fence read : administrative personnel only knock on barbed wire before entering ( continued ) he . 93 ( cont . ) 94 . through the fence we see a campfire , man seat around it , cuT to : closer shot campfire five of taggart 's henchmen be seat around the campfire . no one talk . they be busy , noisely scraping the last of they bean off tin plate . the only SOUND we hear be a vulgar symphony of eat , grunt , belching and farting . taggart step out of he tent and approach the campfire . taggart : get word there 's a new sheriff in town . who want to kill he ? all henchmen raise they hand like eager child in school . one man pull another man 's hand down . a squabble begin . lyle : Mr. taggart , Mr. taggart , sir ... I believe I have a ee-nuque idea . taggart : ee-nuque ? do not you mean unique ? lyle : that 's probably what I mean . taggart : what be it ? lyle : what 's what ? taggart : you ee-nuque idea . lyle : oh . why do not we give he to mongo . mongo would sure see to he ass , henchmen : ( v.o. ; ad lib ) mongo . great idea . have a heart taggart . hey , mongo will eat he for breakfast . they all laugh . ( continued ) 43. 94 ( cont . ) taggart : what do you say , mongo ? 95 . camera drift around other side of campfire 96 . revealing mongo he 's a huge mountain of a man . straddle between he leg be a mammoth black cauldron of bubbling bean . he use a fireplace shovel to get the bean into he gape yaw of a mouth . taggart walk over io he . taggart : well , mongo , how would you like to mutilate the new sheriff ? mongo smile and issue forth a nearly human noise . mongo : bwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa taggart : good boy . mongo reach into he boot and pull out a huge cigar , bite end off and spit it across campfire . mongo then stick he entire face into the raging campfire to light he cigar , as he come back out of the campfire we see the upper half of he quietly , smolder . mongo : how you want sheriff kill ? a11 at once , or little piece ? taggart : use you own warpe judgment . mongo : bwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa CUT to : int . sheriff' office jail house night rock ridge closeup of fine tip artist 's paint brush be dip into small can of white paint . the brush come out . we follow it over to a jockey ashtray whose black face be now be paint white . camera pull back to show Bart put the finish touch on the face . ( continued ) uh . 96 ( cont . ) 97 . 98. bart : there . that 's better , Bart put paint down on desk and pick up a sheaf of " want " poster . he walk over to the bulletin board and begin tack they up . the first three be of mean look white outlaw . the fourth handbill be of a black man . Bart study it , crumple it up and throw it in the wastebasket . bart : ( to camera ) he 's get enough trouble without a bunch of honkie chase he ass all over Mexico . we hear a tremendous crash come from one of the jail cell . bart : the drunk in # 2 must be up . he walk over to the row of cell . stop at # 2 . CUT to : int . cell we see a man dangle upside down , he heel catch in the rail of the upper bunk , widen to two shot : bart bart : now , that 's what you call hang over . ( to prisoner ) be we awake ? prisoner : ( jim ) we be not sure , be we black ? bart : yes . we be . jim : then we be awake ... and we be puzzle . I better straighten myself out . ( continued ) 45 . 98 ( cont . ) Jim struggle to right himself . bart : need any help ? jim : all I can get . Bart unlock cell door and help Jim to he foot . jim : thank you . bart : maybe you would better have something to eat . jim : no , thanks , food make I sick . Jim reach over and take a bottle from the upper bunk , uncork it and drink it clean . jim : ahhhhhh . bart : hey , if a man drink like that and he do not eat , he 's gonna die . jim : when ? Bart study he carefully . camera move into Jim 's face . Jim be a 40'ish , over - the-hill , leather - face , gunfighter , with the saddest eye God ever * make . bart : what 's you name ? jim : ( hold finger to he head ) Jim . but most people call I Jim . bart : okay , Jim . since you be my guest and I be you host what do you like to do ? what be you pleasure ? jim : I dunno , screw ... play chess . ( continued ) ke . 98 ( cont .1 ) bart : let 's play chess . cut to : 99 . int . church a tumultous town meeting be in progress . the place be bedlam . reverend Johnson , at the pulpit , rap he gavel sharply . reverend johnson : order ! order ! howard johnson : nietzche say " qut of chaos come order . " olson johnson : oh , blow it out you ass , Howard , reverend johnson : now everyone be quiet whilst we listen to harriet Van Johnson , we esteem schoolmarm ; as she read a telegram that she herself have compose to the Governor , express we feeling about the new sheriff . CUT to : 100 . harriet van johnson shyly rise to she foot . harriet van johnson : to the honorable William J. Le petomane , Governor . voice : ( v.o0 . ) louder . we can not hear you . speak up . harriet van johnson : forgive I . I be not use to public a oeeeen she 's eak a little touder ) ( continued ) 100 ( cont . ) you . harriet van johnson : ( cont . ) we , the white god-fear citizen of rock Ridge wish to express we extreme displeasure with you choice of sheriff . please remove he immediately . the fact that you have send he here just go to prove that you be the lead asshole in the state . people start cheer and applaud . they scatter as a small herd of cattle move through the church . CUT to : 101 . int , jail house Bart and Jim be play chess , bart : you mean they just ride in here , bust up the town , kill the sheriff£ ... for no reason ? jim : no reason I know of . nothing here worth takirg . bart : get to be a reason . ( make chess move ) I will find out . jim : ( of£f£-handedly ) I would not worry about that . you will probably be dead before you get the answer . but I would worry about that move you just make . bart : oh dear , you be right . I have just put my queen in jeopardy . jim : go on , take it back . bart : no , I do it and I will have to take the consequence . I be not a baby . ( he grab he nose and begin suck he thumb ) ( continued ) th 101 ( cont . ) jim : all right , you lose you queen . ( he take queen ) bart : ( make move with flourish ) checkmate . jim : ( amaze ) what ? bart : ( spelling it out ) checkmate , . checkmate ! jim : you devious son-of -a-bitch . bart : forgive I . I know this be petty but I have get to do it . ( he leap to he foot and do a little dance of victory ) I win . you lose . I be great . you stink . another game , chump ? Jim shake he head , pull out 1 / 2 bottle of whiskey and finish it . bart : . hey , man , why do you do that to yourself ? jim : do you really want to know ? bart : yeah , I be seriously consider write you up for the reader 's digest as the most unforgettable drunk I have ever know . jim : well , once upon a time they use to call I the waco kid , ( continued ) 101 ( cont . 1 ) 102 . bart uo . bart : ( jump to he foot ) yeah , and they use to call I the ritz Brothers . the waco kid . man , he have the fastest hand in the West . jim : ( indignantly ) in the world . bart : if you be the kid , show I something . jim : well , maybe year ago I could have show you something ... but today ... ( lift he hand ; they tremble ) bart : I know you be no waco kid . you be just pullin ' my lariat . jim : all right . all right . see that king ? now put you hand on both side of it . ( Bart do so ) when I go for the king , you try to grab it first . bart : man , that 's no contest . you be a mile away . jim : never mind . when I say " go " you just try to grab it . ready ? CUT to : bart : ready . 103 . 103a . 104 . 105 . 50 . CUT to : j™ jim : go! CUT to : bart he clasp he hand over the king and smile victoriously . he open he palm and look . inside . his expression change to surprise . CUT to : jim jim : ( he take king from under he hat} look for this ? back to : two shot bart : well , raise my rent . you be the kid , jim : be . yeah be . I be the kid . every prairie rat who could draw a gun from yuma to laredo have to ride into town to try out the kid , I must have kill more man than napoleon at Moscow . yeah , it get pretty gritty . I would hear the word " draw " in my sleep , and then one day , walk down the street , I hear a voice behind I say " reach for it , mister , " I spun around and there I be face - to- face with a six year old kid .. well , I throw my gun down and walk away . Little bastard shot I in the ass , I limped over to the saloon , crawle inside a whiskey bottle and be there ever since . ( continued ) 51 . 105 ( cont . ) 106 . 107 . Bart pick up bottle . bart : have a drink . Jim take bottle , laugh , take a slug . jim : but that 's ancient history . what 's you story ? what 's a dazzle you - banite like you do put here ? bart : well , back in ' 56 my folk and I be part of this long wagon train move west . Bart imitate a harp in traditional movie flashback manner , bart ; doong , doong , doong , doong . CUT to : ext . prairie day we see line of conestoga wagon head West . bart : ( v.o. ) well , not exactly part of it . several hundred yard to the rear of the main body of cover wagon , eat dust all the way , we see a little wagon that be obviously less well to do than the other . CUT to : closer shot little wagon driving the wagon be a black man . seat next to he be he wife and he ten year old son ( young Bart ) . bart : ( v.o. ) you might say we be bring up the rear , when suddenly , from out of the West , come the entire sioux nation . and let I tell you , they be open for business . . ( continued ) 52 . 107 ( cont . ) 108 . 109 . 110 . 111 . we see ( stock footage ) outline against the horizon , a long line of Indians . they swoop down on the wagon train whooping and yell God know what . the wagon begin to form a classic western circle . bart : ( v.0 . ) naturally , they do not let we travel in they circle . so , we make we own . CUT to : a solitary wagon turn in little circle . CUT back to stock footage : indian attack . in a short time they reduce the wagon train to smolder ash . ( end stock footage . ) CUT to : litile wagon it be encircle by Indians . Bart and he parent stare at they in terror . CUT to : indian they stare back in wonder . bart : ( v.0 . ) you might say they be a little confuse by the color of we skin . then , in ride the big chief . 112 . 113. 53 . . cuT to : chief in full - feathered regalia . he stare for a long time at Bart and he family . chief : ( to brave in half indian , half yiddish ) ahm ...ma. ,.ma...yah ...va ... shvartze ? the Chief be face with a dilemma . he think hard and finally come to a decision . chief : manoma ... moma ... coma ... ( he raise he arm to the sky ) La Zehn azoi .... luzem gay . abi gezunt . Chief wheel he horse and ride off , brave follow . CUT to : int , jail house bart : and the rest be history . ( he look up ) impress ? we hear the SOUND of snore . Jim be fast asleep . bart : ( shake he head ) yeah , I like to keep my audience rivete , Bart go over to Jim , throw he over he back , go over to the cell and dump he on he cot and throw blanket over he . Bart then go to a make - shift cot near desk , he lie down , pull up blanket and reach over to put out kerosene lamp , jim : ( v.0 . ) good night , sheriff . Bart smile and shake he head and turn out kerosene lamp . fade out : 114 . 54 . revise 2/22/73 fade out : fade up : int , governor's office day the office be apparently empty . from behind the drape we hear the muffle voice of Governor William J. Le petomane sing a few bar of the immortal " avalon " . the door open , one of the Governor 's flunky enter hold a telegram . he look around for the Governor ; do not see he and be about to exit when he hear the sing . he tentatively search the room for the source of the sound . he finally move in the right direction toward the drape . he pull the drape aside revealing the Governor and miss stein in a affectionate embrace on a small chaise lounge . the Governor be play a little ukulele as he sere - nade he secretary . flunky : err ... Governor . le petomane : what ?... who be you ? flunky : you brother - in-law . I work for you . urgent telegram , sir . le petomane : what 's you name ? flunky : Harry . le petomane : yeah ... that 's right ... Harry . you say a word about this to my beloved wife , you beloved sister , and I will have you fire and burn ... give I that . he rip the telegram from the man 's hand and begin to read it . le petomane : ( mumble ) mumble , mumble , mumble . , . asshole ! ( continued ) 114 ( cont . ) 115 . 116 . 55 . revise 2/22/73 miss stein : anything you say , Bill . she start to turn over . le petomane : no ! not that ... not now ! this be inrageous . I must speak to heddy . ( as he exit ) serious business ... serious business --. serious business . huge portrait on the wall over Le petomane 's desk depict a bride and groom . camera zoom into painting . Groom 's face move from side to side , the groom 's face be that of lamarr 's , lamarr : ( work himself into a euphoric frenzy ) the black sheriff scheme be work to perfection , the citizen be enraged . they should be pull up stake any moment . the time be right to move into rock Ridge and snap up the land . ( laugh ) today rock Ridge , tomorrow ... laredo . cuut to : ext , MAIN STREET ( establishing shot ) day 117 . 56 . CUT to : int . jail house rock ridge ( morning ) day Jim and Bart be seat across the desk from each other . Jim be roll a cigarette . Bart pick up two piece of cigarette paper , wet the end of one and carefully glue it to the other . Jim pick up little sack of bulldurham tobacco , proffer it to Bart . jim : need the makin' ? bart ; no thanks , get my own . Bart take out he own little sack , reach into it with two finger and spread some of he private stock across the cigarette papers . jim : ya know what they be callin ' I do not you ? bart : ' ( sealing he cigarette ) what 's that ? jim : deputy nigger . Jim laugh , strike a match , light Bart 's cigarette and then light he own . Bart take a deep drag . bart : ( in a strain , high , breathy voice ) once I establish myself in this here place , that might turn out to be a important position . jim : ( sniff the air ) ah , Arizona gold . listen , do I a favor . do not go out there . you can not win this people over , no matter what you do , they be just not go to accept you . bart : that be yesterday . this be a brand new beautiful day . you do not understand human nature . once you establish yourself , they have get to accept you . ( continued ) 57 . 117 ( cont . ) Bart rise , snub out he cigarette and tuck the stub in he shirt pocket and exit . CUT to : 118 , ext . MAIN STREET a elderly woman wear a bonnet approach bart. bart : ( tipping he hat ) mornin ' , ma'am . and be not it a lovely morning . elderly woman : suck wind , nigger . CUT to : 119 , closeup bart face he close he eye and shake he head . he look back to jail to see if Jim notice the exchange . CUT to : 120 . jim at cell window from Bart 's p.o.v . he raise he forefinger and mouth " that 's one . " CUT back to : 121 . bart continue he walk up Main Street . he come upon a group of fight child . Three boy be beat up on one . Bart move in to break tp the fight . bart : Three against one , come on , that 's no way to fight . the kid scatter , leave they victim sprawle in dust . Bart bend over and notice a toy tin star pin on the boy* shirt . ( continued ) 6h 137 ( cont . ) 138. 139 . 140 , bart : step up lady , gentleman and mongo . dive for bury treasure . this be the exact spot where the Spanish Armada be sink by the british navy leave million in Spanish doubloon on the bottom of the sea . mongo : Spanish balloon ? mongo take chance . screen flip ; bart and mongo we see Bart place helmet over mongo 's head . mongo be already wear diver 's suit . mongo : where mongo get air ? bart : from this wonderful antique pump . Bart spin the wheel a couple of time . Dust fly off . mongo : ohhh. good . Bart finish fasten helmet and mongo climb down ladder inte well , bart : good hunt . CUT to : bart begins pump , mongo under water in well look around . CUT back to : bart he stop pump . he look at he pocket watch . bart : I be on my break . he fold he arm . 141. 142. 143. 65 . mongo underwater CUT back to : he begin grab at he throat . he tug on hose . a sign come down next to he which read : for more AIR deposit 25 cent mongo pitifully search hermetically seal diver 's suit fo1 small change . cuUT to : ext . MAIN STREET rock ridge we see a huge cannon from which hang a sign read : " cannon photo -- have you picture taken as you're shot from the cannon . " to the right of the cannon we see a old - fashioned box camera mount on a tripod stand . next to the camera hold a flash gun we seb Bart , dress in a beret and blue smock . bart : hurry , hurry , hurry . the last time this remarkable photo surprise will be offer in this territory before the new cannon law go into effect . from o.s. , we hear SOUND effect , squish , squish , squish . mongo enter the frame , still dress in he diving suit . he stop in front of the cannon and open the front of he helmet -- a lot of water come out . mongo : how much ? bart : twenty five cent , only one tenth of a dollar . mongo search fruitlessly for money . bart : ( continue ) do not worry about the tariff , pal , catch you later . CUT to : mongo he climb up ladder and begin lowering himself into the barrel of the cannon . 144 , 145 . 66 . CUT back to : bart bart : now remember ... when the cannon roar ... smile . mongo nod he head and disappear into barrel . bart : ( to camera ) I would say mongo 's as smart as a ' 38 buick . Bart whistle to someone out of frame . we hear a loud rumbling noise and into the frame we see wheeled another large capnon . the second cannon be place in front of the first one and its barrel be lower until the barrel of both cannon be mouth to mouth . bart : ready ? from inside first cannon we hear mongo 's muffle reply . mongo = ready . Bart be hand both lanyard , he pull they simultaneously . there be a incredible roar as both cannon go off . the screen be blackened by smtke . cuT to : int . taggart tent railroad campsite closeup of lamarr 's face . he be deep in think . camera pull back , lamarr : hmn . so he manage to outwit mongo . it seem we have make a strategic blunder . taggart : ( v.0 . ) how so , Mr , lamarr , sir ? camera pull back during lamarr 's next speech . ( continued ) 145 ( cont . ) 67 . lamarr : . we have make one of the most primi - tive tactical error in military procedure . we have underestimate we opponent , camera come to a full stop , revealing lamarr seat in a sudsy bathtub . seat on a stool next to he be taggart . taggart : think for sure mongo would mash he into little sheriff meatball . can not understand it . lamarr : be still ! my mind be a raging torrent flood with rivulet of think cascade in a waterfall of creative alternative , taggart : gol durnit , Mr. lamarr , I be not hear such pretty talk since I see Charles boyer as pepe Le moko . lamarr : shut up ! taggart : yes sir . ( in lower voice , to himself ) but he sure talk lovely . for a moment , all be still as lamarr think . suddenly , lamarr crash he fist down into the water , drench the nearby taggart . lamarr : of course ! that 's it ! taggart : ( brush he soggy clothing ) that 's it all right . and it will work ! taggart : you bet it will ! ( raise he hand like a schoolboy ) be you take question now , sir ? ( continued ) 68 . 145 ( cant .1 ) lamarr : yes . taggart : what be you talk about ? elementary , cactus-head . the Beast have fail . and when the Beast fail , it be time to call in beauty . taggart : beauty ? lamarr : do not be impatient , taggart . all in good time . all in good time . she 's never fail I before . of course : ( he laugh ) she will bring he to he knee ... where 's my froggy ? taggart : ( panicked ) I do not know , sir ? ah. I do not see he when I come in . lamarr : well look , damn you eye , look ! lamarr search in the tub frantically . taggart look all around the tent . taggart : oh , here it be , sir , it be under you hat . lamarr : hurry , hurry . give it to I . give it to I ! taggart hand lamarr a large green rubber frog . lamarr take it , kiss it and place it in tub . ( to himself ) that be a close one . fade out : 146. pae iw : revise 2/22/73 ext . rock ridge a poster hang outside the saloon . it read : hedley lamarr present lili von shtupp the teutonic titwillow who invaded the heart of europe we see a picture of she , wear a homburg , blue in stripe suit and smoking cigarette in long older . please note : all reference to lili von dyke should 147 , 148. now be change to lili von shtupp , please make change accordingly . . dissolve through poster to : int . lili von shtupp's dressing room a small , cheap , makeshift affair . she sit in front of make - up mirror wear homburg , blue pin stripe suit . she be put on finish touch of she make -up . there be a knock at the door . lili : Willkommen , Bien venue , welcome . cuT to : boor hedley lamarr enter , carry flower . lamarr : for you , my dear , lili : oh , how ordinary . ( call off camera ) Leopold , put zee in vater . ( continued ) 69a , revise 2/22/73 148 ( cont . ) we hear the dress room door open . a man who look strikingly like Eric von stroheim in " Grand illusion " enter . he be bald - head and sport a strange neck brace . he be dress in a wwi Gérman officer 's tunic . he approach table , lower wooden arm , place flower in it , snap wooden arm back into place , thereby destroy flower ; make sharp right face and exit . lamarr stare after he curiously . 70 . 148 ( cont . ) lamarr : lili , I can not find the word that truly express my joy at the rekind - ling of we association . lili : bullshit . what 's ze job ? lamarr : why must it always be business with we ? he move closer to she , breathe heavily on she neck . lili continue make up . ( continue ) why do you constantly put I off ? do you find I so ... unattractive ? lili : only zexually . lamarr be stung . lili : ( continue ) now , come on , lamarr . what 's ze job ? lamarr : I want you to seduce and abandon the sheriff of rock Ridge ... think you can do it ? lili : be bismark a herring ? there be a loud rapping at the door . leopold : ( v.0 . ) five minute .... at the same time he hand smashes through the door and we see wooden arm stick into the room . leopold : ( v.0. ; continue ) sorry . the wooden arm be withdraw . 149 . 150 . 71 . CUT to : int . jail house night mongo be vertically chain with about 100 yard of heavy steel cable chain to the cell door . he be sleep like a baby . camera widen to two shot . Jim be stare at mongo in amazement . he saunter over to Bart . jim : incredible . I still can not believe it . bart : he be nothing . the bitch be in - venting the candygram . they will never give I credit for it . there be a rapping at the window . cuUT to : window frame in the window we see the same elderly woman that have insulted Bart that very morning , hold a steaming pie in she hand . elderly woman : ( whisper ) sorry about the ' suck wind ' this morning . I hope this apple pie will in some small way say thank you for you courage and ingenuity in defeat - ing that horrible mongo . bart ; thank you mar 'am . much oblige . good night . Bart close window . as soon as the window be close , there be a rapping at the window . Bart open it . elderly woman : of course , you will have the good taste not to mention that I speak to you ? bart : of course . jim : well , you have get one on you side . there be another rapping at the window . Bart open it . ( continued ) 72 . 150 ( cont . ) it be Howard Johnson . he be hold a laurel wreath . howard johnson : sheriff , I want you to have this wreath . meant to give it to you on the day you come to town . Bart accept the wreath . bart : thank you . much oblige . good night . close window . there be another rapping . Bart open window . Howard be still there . howard : ( whisper ) of course , if anybody ask you where you get it , just tell they you steal it out of my store . bart : got'cha . Bart close window . there be another rapping . it 's the town barber in he smock , barber show Bart scissors and comb . barber : I want to apologize for not be able to take you today . you come around anytime tomorrow . give you a haircut and shave on the house . good night . bart : much oblige . good night . Bart close window . there be more rapping . Bart open window , barber be still there . barber : the best time would be about 4 o'clock in the morning . I know I will be free then . bart : solid . Bart close window . bart : ( continue ; to Jim ) I be rapidly become a big underground success in this town . ( continued ) 150 ( cont . 1 ) 151 . 73 . revise 2/22/73 jim : gee , in another 25 year you may even be able to shake they hand in broad daylight . c'mon , I do not want to be late . that lili von shtupp be open tonight . CUT to : master shot int , SALOON cowpoke at bar knock down drink . the place be chock full of first - nighter fresh in off the trail . there be a general air of happiness and despair per - meat the atmosphere . suddenly we hear drum roll . the place quiet dow as the spotlight hit the stage . cowboy master of ceremonies step forward . m.c. : and now , lady and cowboy , the gal you have all be wait for ... the bay-varian bombshell herself ... let 's hear it for lili von shtupp . saloon patron give out a big cheer . lili enter through curtain . she be dress in homburg , blue pin stripe suit . lili : sank you , lady and cowboy . and now , I vould like to favor you viz my vorld famous wendition of " I be tire " ... ze song zat close Poland . but wight before I do , I would like to slip into someze more comfortable ... wiz you kind permission . everybody in SALOON : ( v.o. ) permission granted ! ! lili : you be too kind . she walk into wing and return immediately , clad in a incredibly sexy outfit , the place go wild . lili signal for quiet . a hush fall over saloon . softly , she begin to sing . ( continued ) 74 , 151 ( cont . ) lili : i'm tire sick and tire of love I 've have my fill of love from below and above i'm tire tire of be admire so tire of love uninspired i'm tire suddenly drum start new '' up tempo " . lili reach down and snap off she whip , crack it and go into release of song as she march down into audience . lili : ( continue ) of course there's always the chance of finding womance with a stwanger lili approach gabby Johnson , who stare at she and giggle and be simultaneously mumble , " ravvid , ravvid , ravvid ... lili : ( continue ) all at once with a start love kidnap you heart that's the danger a big ugly cowhand reach for she breast . without miss a beat , she knee he in the groin . he quietly faint . lili : ( continue ) but you say what the hell life be short , love be swell so you wisk it it's all chateaubriand then the honeymoon's gone and it's bwisket lili approach a table at which Bart and Jim be seat and slip Bart a envelope . lili : ( continue ) i'm tire tire of playing the game ( continued ) 75 . 1521 ( cont . 1 ) * 152 . 153. she make she way back to the stage . lili : ( continue ) ain 't it a cwy shame i'm so tire the audience go wild . curt to : bart table Jim be applaud as Bart open envelope and take out note . jim : what have you get there ? bart : the lady slip I a note . jim : what do it say ? bart : ( read ) I must see you alone in my dwess woom wight after the show . CUT to : int . lili' dressing room there be a knock at the door . Leopold open it . bart : I believe I have a appointment with miss von dyke . lili : ( v.0 . ) Leopold , take the gentleman 's hat . Bart hand he hat to Leopold , who take it and transfer it to he wooden arm , crush it and exit . bart : ( look after he hat and mumble ) I love that hat . ( continued ) 76 , 153 ( cont . ) lili enter . Bart hand she one red rise . bart : for you . lili : ooh , a wed wase ... how womantic . have a seat , sheriff . bart : wank . Bart sit . lili : Vo not you excuse I for a moment vhile I change into someze more comfortable . Bart do take into camera . lili be still wear she almost naked outfit . lili : ( continue ; from behind screen ) why do not you .... loosen you bullet , she come out wear exactly the same outfit , only different color . lili : ( continue ) ah , I feel wefresh . be not it bwight in here ? she put kerosene lamp out . it be pitch dark . lili : ( continue ) there , be not that better ? there be a moment of silence . bart : well , we have definitely eliminate the glare . there be a quiet rapping . ( continued ) 7. 153 ( cont . 1 ) 154 . lili : pardon I , I will be back in a moment . wemember where we be . she go to door and open it a crack . we see lamarr in the partially open doorway . lamarr : ( whisper ) how 's it go ? lili : he 's like wet sauerkraut in my hand . by morning he will be my slave . splendid ! tamarr : she close door . lili : ah , where be we ? ah yes . here , let I sit next to you . tell I schatzi , it be twue vat zey say about the vay you people be gift ? ( long pause ) oh , oh , it 's twue , it 's twue , it 's twue , it 's twue ... bart : Excuse I , you be suck my arm . fade out : fade in : int . lili' dressing room ( next morning ) Bart be seat at breakfast table . she be pour he coffee . lili : vould you like another schnitzen - gruver ? bart : no thanks , baby , 15 's my limit on schnitzengruber . ( continued ) 78 . 154 ( cont . ) 155 . lili : then how about a little ... ( whisper something into he ear we can not hear ) bart : hey , baby , please ... I be not from Havana . ( he get up ) besides I be late . I have get some heavy chore to do . lili : vill I see you later ? bart : depend on how much vitamin E I can get my hand on . as he leave she dive at he foot and cling to he boot . Bart start toward the door drag lili across the room . lili : no , no . please you must not leave . I need you . I never meet anyone like you . I can not live vithout you . bart : please , you be make a german spectacle of yourself . cur to : int . jail house Jim be at the desk . Bart enter and close the door , lean against it and sigh . he wear he crush hat . jim : well , I see you get a hat job . what else transpire during the long night ? bart : I be not sure , but I think I invent pornography . Bart walk toward desk . bart : ( continue ) what 's be happen in the clean word ? ( continued ) 79 . 155 ( cont . ) jim : bad news . get a writ here for mongo 's release sign by hedley lamarr himself . bart : ( take the writ and study it ) hedley lamarr . why would a dude like hedley lamarr care about mongo ? well , it 's legal . Bart take a bucket of water and walk to where mongo be truss in chain and splashes it in mongo 's face . mongo : Orange juice , toast and coffee ... and a paper . mongo yawn and stretch , easily break out of the chain . bart : okay mongo . you be free . you can go ... please . mongo : no . mongo stay . mongo sit on bunk . bart : hey man , get outta here . you be free . mongo : mongo stay with sheriff Bart . Bart first man ever whip mongo . mongo impressed . have great affection tor sheriff . : jim : better watch yourself , Bart . I do believe mongo 's takin 's a fancy to you . mongo : bwaah . mongo straight . jim : ( leok at writ ) hey , mongo , maybe you know : what 's a big shot like hedley lamarr do in a nothing town like rock Ridge ? mongo : do not know for sure , but get to do with where choo-choo go . ( continued ) 80 . 155 ( cont .1 ) } 156 . 157 . bart : ( puzzle ) what do hedley lamarr care about where the choo-choo go ? mongo : no know . mongo only pawn in game of life . bart : choo-choo . this might be a good time to mosey out to where they be building the railroad and maybe do a little snooping . jim : maybe a little snooping and maybe a lot of die . you be one crazy nigger . I do not understand you . you be act like a...a... sheriff . bart : that 's what it say on the star . c'mon . Bart and Jim start out the door . mongo : what about mongo lunch ? bart : the stage from yuma will be in at 2:00 ... eat the horse . CUT to : railroad campsite high noon the sun blaze on the back of perspire , sweat and profusely damp railroad worker . a overseer walk through they bark out incomprehensible order and occasionally lay he whip across a random back . Charlie be at the water bucket . he dip ladle into bucket and start it toward he mouth . suddenly he stop and stare out at the prairie . charlie : can not be . must be a mirage , CUT to : bart and jim approach campsite . they horse kick up cloud of dust . 158 . 159 . 160 . 81 . CUT charlie he splashes water in he face and stare again . charlie : well , I will be ... his face break into a grin . he drop the ladle out to meet Bart . curt wide shot Charlie run out to meet Bart and Jim . curt bart he rein up , jump off he horse and run toward charlie : you shifty nigger . they say you be hang . bart : and they be right . Bart and Charlie embrace each other gleefully . charlie : hey ba 'bro . where would you get that star ? you win it in the claw machine ? bart : back off scamp . you be address the duly appoint sheriff of rock Ridge . charlie : sheriff of rock Ridge ... well do not that hump the pump . that 's where the railroad be go . rock Ridge . Bart and Jim look at each other knowingly . charlie : who 's that ? back to : and run to : to : Charlie . ( continued ) 82 . revise 2/22/73 160 ( cont . ) bart : that 's Jim . he 's my friend .. , he 's cool , Charlie walk over to Jim and slap he off . suddenly a mob of railroad worker whooping and yell for joy descend on we group . worker ad lib . . charlie : do not crush the brother . check you enthusiasm . do not be messin ' up the man vine with the soil from you toil . more and more worker crowd into the scene , they slap Bart on the back and rejoice in a brother " have make it . suddenly a man break through the crowd . he be dress in a tuxedo and cowboy hat . it be tony martin . tony : do not you see what this mean ? look ...a tin star on a black man 's chest . this be a tremendous step forward . not just for he but for all of we . Black , white , yellow and armenian work side by side , span America with rail of steel to bring all of we together in a symphony of brotherhood . a large orchestra begin to play . tony whip off he hat and sing . tony : the cohen and the kelly the thompson and vermecellis they 're all a part of this tenement symphony the jone and the finkel the goldbergs and rip van winkel be all a part of this : tenement symphony the benson -fong , the huey long . suddenly taggart and he henchmen swoop into frame on horseback , ( continued ) 160 ( cont . 1 ) 83. taggart : just what in the wide wide world of sport be go on around here ? get back to work , Martin . taggart spot Bart . taggart : Holy mother of pearl . that 's the niggra that hit I with the shovel . what the hell do you think you be do with that tin star , " boy ' ' ? bart : watch that " boy " shit , red neck . you be talk to the sheriff of rock Ridge . taggart : well , do not that beat all . here we take the good time and trouble to slaughter every indian in the West and for what ? so 's they can appoint a sheriff that 's darker than the Indians , to wit , a niggra . well , I be depressed . taggart slump down in he saddle . 161 . jim lyle : ( timidly ) Excuse I , Mr. taggart , sir . hate to see you like this . what if I and the boy shot the nigger dead . would that pep you up ? taggart : it would help some . lyle : okay boy . on the count of three . cuT to : he arm fold across he chest . jim : I would not do that if I be you . CUT to : 162. 163. 164 . 165 . 166 . 167 . 84 . lyle lyle : do not pay no mind to that alky . he can not even hold a gun , let alone shoot it . on the count of three . one..two ... three . there be fusillade of gun fire . quick cut of : taggart men the gun scattered on the ground . they be all in the same pose ; grasp they hand in pain . CUT to : jim his arm be still fold across he chest . Little curl of smoke slowly rise from gun in he holster . CUT to : railroad worker railroad worker : ( as one ) whooee !! CUT to : bart he pull out gun and hold it on taggart and he man . bart : . do not just stand around stunne , grasp you hand in pain . let 's have a little applause for the waco kid . CUT to : taggart men they applaud , painfully . 168 - 169 . 85 . CUT to : int . lili' dressing room closeup lili' face in terror . Hand come into frame and slap she viciously across the cheek . camera pull back to reveal lamarr as slapper and taggart as a delighted spectator . stand against the wall , bound and gag , be Leopold . on the wall next to he , also tie securely , be he arm . lamarr : all right , I be through be Mr. goodbar . it 's time to act and act fast . all my plan have backfire . instead of people leave , they be stay in drove . lili : vhy do not you admit it ; he 's too much man for you . I know . you will need a army to beat he . you be finish . fertig ! fahrlump ! ferucht ! lili and Leopold break into a german anthem together . lili & leopold : " ve fahren un gemacht und schleswigs Zun gebracht " ... lamarr : ( interrupt they ) shut up . ( he face light up ) wait a minute . a army . of course . a army of the worst dregs ever to soil the face of the West . taggart . taggart : yes sir . lamarr : I have decide to launch a attack that will reduce rock Ridge to ash . taggart : what do you want I to do , sir ? lamarr : I want you to round up every vicious criminal and gun slinger in the West . I want : rustler cut-throat murderer ( continued ) 86 . 168 - ( cont . ) 169 170 . lamarr : ( cont. ) bounty hunter desperados pug mug thug half - wit nitwit dimwit con man indian Agents mexican bandit viper sniper mugger buggerer bank robber train robber horse thief horn swaggeler bush whacker ass kicker shit kicker and methodist . CUT to : bart and jim they ride into the outskirt of rock Ridge and they be amaze to see wagon and buckboard be load . it look like everybody in town be make ready to leave . Howard Johnson sit on the lead wagon . howard johnson : Goodbye , sheriff . it 's be nice knowin ' ya ' . bart : what 's happen here ? where be everybody go ? olson johnson : we do not know and we do not care . read this . Bart get off he horse and Olson hand he a poster . it read : ( continued ) 87 . 170 ( cont . ) 171 . 172 . 173. wanted : heartless villain for destruction of rock ridge $ 100.00 per day criminal record require apply hedley lamarr a equal opportunity employer bart : can not you see that this be the last act of a desperate man ? SAMUEL johnson : we do not care if it 's the first act of Henry the fifth . we be leave . bart : wait a minute . give I 24 hour to come up with a brilliant plan that will save rock Ridge ... just 24 hour . that 's all I ask ... you would do it for randolph Scott . CUT to : townsfolk townsfolk : ( ad lib ) randolph scott. randolph scott. cuT to : howard johnson , howard johnson : okay sheriff , 24 hour . CUT to : ext . railroad campsite day there be a long line of villain , cut - throat and assort scum . most be in western attire but some be dress in traditional evil garb : pirate , Nazis , mexican bandit , ( continued ) 88. 173 ( cont . ) bedouin . at the end of the line we see a small herd of cattle . lamarr and taggart be seat behind a table . lyle stand at front of line keep order . the scene look very much like voter 's esis lamarr ad - dress a hulk , scar - face beast of a man . qualification ? CUT -throat # 1 : rape , murder , arson and rape . lamarr : you say rape twice . cut-throat # 1 : I like rape . lamarr : splendid . sign here . here 's you badge . taggart : next . lamarr : qualification ? CUT -throat # 2 : mayhem , arson , armed robbery ... lamarr : ( interrupt ) just a moment . what be you chew ? CUT -throat # 2 : ( frantically tucking he gum under he tongue ) nuffin . nuffim , eh? lyle . lyle pries open the cut -throat 's mouth and triumphantly remove a wad of gum . ( continued ) 89 , 173 ( cont . 1 ) lyle : gum . lamarr rise to he foot tremble with rage . lamarr : chew gum on line . I hope you bring enough for everybody ? CUT - throat # 2 : I ...1...1... do not know there be go to be so many ... lamarr whip out a derringer and shoot he . the man fall dead . lamarr : draw ... ( to cut - throats ) I hope that teach you a little something about line deportment . CUT to : 173a . rear of line Men frantically spitting out gum , tobacco , tooth , etc . CUT to : 174 . a clump of rock about 15 yard away . behind the rock we see Bart and Jim scrunch down . Jim be peer over the edge of the rock . jim : Boy be he strict . bart : we gotta get closer . jim : ( point and say ) there 's we ticket . Bart look . 175 . 90 . : CUT to : shot of two ku klux klanner in hood white sheet make they way toward the end of the line . stencile on the back of they sheet be : '' have a nice day " jim : ( stand up ) hey fella . look what I get here . ku klux klanner stride over . Jim raise Bart up and dis - play he like a chicken . bart : oh lordie , lordie . please do not hurt I . I be just a old planta - tion darkie who want to chop cotton and marry into a well - to - do white family . kkk # 1 : oh , we get to see to he . come around here so 's we can have he for ourselves . krk#l : do not know how to thank you stranger . they step behind the rock . we hear muffle thud and groan . two sheeted figure emerge ' and make they way toward the end of the line . bart : ( to Jim ) man that be pretty . I enjoy that . jim : do you have to stick the cactus up he ass ? bart : ( in a dreary voice ) I have to . they reach the line . they be stand behind a gold toothe mexican bandit who be signing up . ( continued ) 91 . 175 ( cont . ) lamarr : ( to mexican bandit ) be ready to attack rock Ridge at noon tomorrow . he hand he a badge . mexican bandit : ( fling the badge away ) we doan need no steekin ' badge . the two hood figure start to ease away from the line . too late . they be next . taggart : next . Bart step forward . qualification : bart : stampede cattle . lamarr : that 's not much of a crime . bart : through the vatican ? lamarr : hmmn . wonderful . very different too . sign here . Bart reach out to take pen expose black hand . jim : ( cover quickly ) rhett , how many time have I tell you uim= to wash up after the weekly ~ cross ing ? lyle rip off Bart 's hood . bart : and now for my next impression ... jesse owen . they flee . ( continued ) 175 ( cont . 1 ) 176 . 177 . 178. 179 . 180 . 92 . lamarr : seize they ! CUT to : long shot lamarr be p.o.v . two white robe figure be fly down the trail . CUT back to : men chase they . CUT back to : bart and jim run . they arrive at a fork in the road . sign point toward the right read : baptism today they turn right . they disappear . pursuer reach same point . they hesitate and then split up . cut to : SMALL pond several people in white sheet be either dip or be dip into the water . Bart and Jim come fly into frame . they look at the scene , look at each other and jump into the water . cuUT to : pursuer arrive on scene . they be confuse . everyone be in a white sheet . 181 . 182 , 183. 93 . CUT to : bart and jim Jim be dip Bart furiously in and out of the water . some of lamarr 's henchmen wade in among people be baptise to scrutinize they more closely . cutthroat : ( to Jim ) who be you baptise ? jim : ( hold Bart under the water ) nobody , just do my wash . we see bubbles , Bart pop up spitting water . bart : you wash be drown . Bart punch cutthroat unconscious . jim : ( point ) look . Bart see what Jim be point to : a horse graze alongside the pond . they make for the horse . Bart jump up , Jim hop up behind he . they begin to ride off . CUT to : man in white sheet in water . man : hey , just what do you fella think you be doin ' with my horse . CUT to : bart and jim on horse . jim : stealing it . Bart and Jim ride off . 1834 , 184 , 185 . 186 , 187 . 188. 94 . revise 2/22/73 CUT back to : man he stare at they in quizzical resignation . CUT to : lamarr men they be on horseback riding furiously in search of Bart and Jim with taggart in the lead . cut to : bart iook back and see 's taggart 's man in the distance . bart : ( to Jim ) floor it baby . we have be spot , Jim urge the horse to great effort . cut to : master shot of chase Bart and Jim ride past a stagecoach be hold up . taggart and he man ride by the same stagecoach , cur to : taggart taggart : c'mon , we be gain on they . taggart pull out he gun and fire , his man follow suit . cuT to ; master shot ' taggart men only 50 yard away . 189 . 190 . 191 . 192 . 193. 193a . 95 . CUT to : bart and jim Jim suddenly rein up . the horse stop . bart : what be you do ? jim : this dumb horse be go to get we kill . c'mon . let 's make a run for it . Bart and Jim jump down and start to run . CUT to : master shot bart and jim run like lightning , easily outdistance taggart and he man . CUT to : taggart and he men reining up . taggart : we will never catch them , now . ( angrily throw down he hat ) sons-of - bitch outsmart we . CUT to : omitted . omitted . ext , camp site night a few railroad worker be asleep around campfire . camera move into a close shot of Charlie sleep peacefully . a black hand enter the frame , tap he on shoulder . Charlie ( continued ) 96 . 193a ( cont.} 194 . 195 . be starthed , begin to splutter something . Hand cover he mouth , camera pull tq two shot to reveal Bart . bart : ( whisper ) Charlie , it 's I , it 's I ... Bart . just say hello . Bart take he hand off Charlie 's mouth . charlie : hello . Bart clap he hand over he mouth again . bart : now just listen and listen good . I want you to get the brother to - gether and round up all the lumber , canvas , nail and paint you can lay you hand on and meet I three mile due East of rock Ridge tonight at midnight . understand ? Charlie nod he head . bart : ( continue ) now just say goodbye , he take hand off Charlie 's mouth for a second . charlie : Goodbye . Bart clap he hand over he mouth and leave . CUT to : ext . prairie night stock footage of procession of wagon move along the prairie in the moonlight . we hear the squeaking SOUND of a wagon wheel . CUT to : close shot wagon wheel pull back to reveal Bart riding up to wagon . ( continued ) 195 ( cont . ) 196 , 97 . bart : get some grease on that wheel , Howard . you can hear it squeaking twenty mile away . howard johnson : sheriff , I do not know what you get up you sleeve but you must be pluinb loco drag a whole town out of bed in the middie of the night to God know where to do God know what . bart : trust I , Bart ride off . bart Bart hop howard johnson : ( to Van Johnson who be viding next to he ) Hell , this do not make no sense no how . if we have any brain we would have pull out yesterday , head for Anaheim , California , and hook up with that Walt Disney feller . he 's building like crazy out there , CUT to : bart : okay . stop. rein up . we be here . down . dr . SAMUEL johnson : ( look around at emptiness , in lead wagon ) where ? bart : ( hopping up on back of wagon address townspeople ) now I know you be all confuse . wonder - ing what you be do out in the middle of the prairie in the middle of the night . man : ( jewish ) ( v.0 . ) well , speak for mineself , I be com - pletely in the dark . ( continued ) 98 . revise 2/22/73 196 ( cont . ) bart ; I be hip . now , before the sun come up we be go to build on this site a exact copy of the town of rock Ridge . every building , every store front , every rock and every tree right down to the orange roof on Howard Johnson 's outhouse . and when hedley lamarr and he man come riding in tomorrow they be gonna attack the wrong place at the wrong time and we will be wait . townspeople ad lib , van johnson : sheriff , how we gonna do it ? we be not get the time and we be not get the people . bart : wrong and there 's why . we hear a clanking of wagon wheel , and into frame , Charlie and Jim come riding out of the dark follow by buckboard fill with railroad worker and con - struction material . howard johnson : who the hell be they ? bart : railroad worker who have agree to help we make we dream come true and all they want in return be a little land they can call they own to home - stead . what do you say ? there be a lot of grumble and mumble . CUT to : 197 , olson johnson who speak for the townsfolk . olson johnson : all right . we will give some land to the nigger and chink , but we do not want the irish . . ( continued ) 99 . revise 2/22/73 197 ( cont . ) 197a , 198. 199 , bart : no deal . Olson Johnson turn to crowd . they mumble . he turn back to Bart . olson johnson : - 4w , prairie shit ... everybody . bart : thank you , ( to all ) okay , folk , let 's roll up we sleeve and go to work . stir music begin as crowd collectively roll up they sleeve and earnestly get down to work . cur to : huge piece of lumber be lift . White arm come in . Black arm come in , lumber go higher . yellow arm come in , lumber be almost off the ground . Big green arm come in and everybody drop it and run , accompany by v.o. scream and ad-lib : everyone : ( v.0 . ) " what the hell be that ! " dissolve to : horizon Sun rise slowly , SOUND build : saw , hammer and shouting fill the air . cur to : back section of fake rock ridge the man be nail the last flat into place . bart : c'mon , step on it . Sun 's almost up . ( continued ) 100 . 199 ( cont . ) 20b . 201 . olson : ( drive last nail into place ) that do it . they all whoop for joy . camera pan off group to shot of town . it 's a perfect replica of rock Ridge , except for some prairie grass , cactus and tumbleweed . bart : ( v.a. ) hold it . hold the happiness , we be in trouble . CUT to : bart bart : we forget one little thing . CUT to : howard johnson howard johnson : nothing 's miss . it 's all there , right down to the last hitching post . olson : oh , my god. people ... there 's no people . bart : a cute observation . van johnson : well , we be people . why do not we get in there and stand around and then when the murdering cutthroat come riding into town to kill we .... they all stare at Van . van johnson : ( continue ) you do not hear it and I do not say it . ( continued ) 201 ( cont . ) 202 . 203. 204 . prairie 101 . bart : listen . we make a perfect copy of rock Ridge . now all we have get to do be make perfect copy of ourselves . howard johnson : but they will be here in half a hour . bart : right . we have get to work fast . you man start work on the dummy and you man come with I . I have get a idea that will slow them down to a crawl . CUT to : day lamarr mount the step of a platform . wide shot lamarr : Men , you be about to embark on a great erusade to stamp out runaway decency in the West . you will all be risk you life while I will be risk a almost certain academy award nomination for best support actor . please ail rise and remove you hat for the pledge . cuUT to : of lamarr 's horde , a collection of the meanest look eritter ever assemble in panavision . they rise and be - move they hat . lamarr CUT back to : ( continue ) I , horde ( as one ) : {v.o. ) I , lamarr ; you name . horde ( as one ) : -»- you name ... as lamarr say pledge lead they , we hear collective horde , vv.o. ( continued ) 102 , 204 ( cont . ) 205 . 206 . 207 . horde ( as one ) and lamarr leading : ( v.o. ) -+ »pledge allegiance to hedley lamarr , and to the evil for which he stand . one scoundrel indisputable with hatred and malice for all . lamarr : ( with maniacal fervor ) now mount up and do do that voodoo that you do so well . cur to : horde the man be whooping and scramble wildly for they horse , CUT to : ext . prairie day it be empty . suddenly we see Bart riding into frame . bart : okay put it here . CUT to : a team of horse pull a small wooden single - lane toll booth into the center of the prairie . sign on top of toll booth read : gov . william J. le petomane thruway dangle over the lane be a smaller sign which read : exact change lane : 10 cent Jim , Howard and Samuel work together to unhitch the team of horse . bart : ( look off ) hurry up , they ' 11 be here any minute . they ride off take the team of horse with they . 208 . 209 , 210 , 211 , 103 . revise 2/22/73 CUT to : taggart lead horde across the prairie . they suddenly come upon the toll booth . they rein they horse to a screeching halt , SOUND of tire screeching on pavement . taggart : ( look at the toll booth and sign ) Le petomane thruway . what will that asshole think of next ? who 's get a dime ? Men ad lib . taggart : someone 's gotta go back and get we a shit load of dime . CUT to : fake rock ridge bart : 0.k. , mongo , bring be out . curt to : - mongo pull a wagon cover with a tarp . mongo : heeeeere 's mongo ! he reach crowd , stop and take off tarp which cover wagon . CUT to : crowd they be obviously pleased with they work . ( continued ) 212 . 213. 214 . 104 , revise 2/22/73 CUT back to : wagon tt be fill with cardboard replica of everybody in town , they head bob up and down on spring . CUT to ; various townspeople townspeople ad lib . mongo : ( in panic ) where mongo ? he race around wagon to find himself . at the back of the wagon , we see a enormous replica of mongo . mongo : ( continue ; see himself , he break into tear and put am around he double ) awwww ... mongo . bart : okay , folk , let 's get that dummy in place . townspeople pick up dummy and start carry they down the street . bart : ( continue ; to Jim ) all right , Jim , let 's start lay that dynamite . CUT back to : prairie toll booth tt be a scene of chaos . a long single line of horse and rider stretch back from booth . taggart : ( near the booth ) speed it up . get you dime ready . we will never get to rock Ridge . ( continued ) 105 . 214 ( cont . ) man on line : ( v.0 . ) my horse be overheate . CUT to : 215 . man on horse smoke be rise from both side of the horse 's mane , CUT back to : 216 . taggart taggart : push he off the road . keep thing go . get more dime . shit. Road be not even paved . it be not evena road , what the hell do they do with all the money they collect ? that 's what I would like to know . CUT to : 217 . ridge overlooking fake rock ridge Bart tie wire to detonator terminal . camera pull back . we see Jim in scene peer through telescope . jim : : hey , Bart , take a look at that . bart : it 's a stagecoach . . jim : who the hell would be riding in there now ? we zoom into close shot of stagecoach . CUT to : 218 , int . stagecoach Inside the coach we see Governor William J. Le petomane , and he secretary , miss stein . they be surround by man in frock coat and stovepipe hat . card in they hat read " Press " . ( all the S 's be backwards . ) ( continued ) 218a . 106 , revise 2/22/73 close up of le petomane he be make a grotesque face . member of the PRESS : Governor , what be you do ? le petomane : harpo marx , do not you care for it ? maybe you would prefer tarzan ?.... cheeta , where boy ... water good , water good . member of the PRESS : please Governor , you be talk about the first integrate town in the West . le petomane : yes , yes ... of course . but seriously , folk ..... I love a parade , oh yes ... whoo , whoo .... I think you will find rock Ridge to be a model of peace - ful co-existence never before see in the annal of the West . there be a loud ringing noise , member of the PRESS : what be that , Governor ? Le petomane slap he crotch ~-- ringing stop . le petomane : nothing . coach come to a stop . driver : {v.o. ) we be here , Governor , get you ass out . le petomane : get you ass out . very nice ... very nice ... get you ass out to the gover - nor of the state . Governor climb down from stagecoach . ( continued ) 218a ( cont . ) 106a . revise 2/22/73 le_ petomane : ( to driver ) can I have you fire ? driver : sure you can ... if you do not mind @ stagecoach strike . le petomane : rumm , rumm , rumm . good luck to you , you drunken lout , cur to : 219 , ext , MAIN STREET fake rock ridge day they all climb down from the stagecoach . le petomane : gentlemen , let we meet some of the remarkable citizen who have show America a shine example of tolerance in lieu of hatred ... take a shot of I with the wonderful citizen . Press photographer set up old - fashioned tripod and large box camera . Governor walk over to dumny stand on street . he shake dummy 's hand vigor - ously . ( continued ) 107 . 219 ( cont . ) 220 . 221. 222. 223 , le petomane : how be you today , my good man ? dummy 's head start bob up and down wildly . Governor put arm around dummy for picture . le petomane : ( continue ; to dummy ) can not you hold you goddam head steady for one ieee picture ? you be a nervous wreck . photographer take the picture . CUT to : member of the PRESS and miss stein stare at all the dummy in disbelief , CUT back to : governor walk over and start flirt with cut - out of lili in pasty and g-string . le petomane : ( whisper behind he hand ) find some drape and wait behind they . i'11l be there as soon as I get rid of this schmuck , CUT to : member of the PRESS and miss stein all : we be schmuck . CUT back to : prairie toll booth last man be go through . we hear " bing " as light turn from red to green . taggart : okay , man . move out . ( continued ) 108 . 223 ( cont . ) 224 , 225 . 226. 227 . 228 , they thunder off . CUT to : jim on ridge he be peer through telescope . jim : they be through the booth . okay . we have per minute . Bart raise plunger on detonator . CUT back to : horde charge inexorably across the prairie . CUT back to : le petomane le petomane : ( cupping he ear with he hand ) hear that ? more people move into town every day . cur to : horde storming town . they gun be draw and they face be portrait of evil anticipation . CUT to : PRESS and miss stein they be horrify . they scatter and run for they life . Governor walk up Main Street , arm flung open , to greet the horde . le petomane : welcome to rock Ridge , the first inte - grate community in the West . ( continued ) 109 . 228 ( cont . ) Men open FIRE . le petomane : ( he clothes tatter and smoking from gunfire ; to camera ) a little rowdy perhaps but a new territory never attract the upper middle class right off the bat . take Australia ... please . why it start with a handful of criminal and convict . ( he hat be shot off ) Holy shit , this people be crazy . you will pardon I as I run for my wonderful life . ( he dive into a water trough ) quick cut : 229 . lamarr horde wreck havoc upon the town , engage in joyful carnage and senselessly mutilate innocent cardboard cut-out . cur to : 230 . ridge Bart , Jim , Howard , Samuel , Van , Olson and lili be there . jim : ( through telescope ) okay , they be all in . bart : here we go . hold you ear , folk . it 's showtime . Bart push down on the plunger . nothing happen . every - one be still hold they ear , slowly they take they finger out of they ear . they be bitterly disappointed . lili : ( point down the hill at the trail wire ) Der trebe ist gefluchtenschaften . ve muzz tzu kuntzfabriken . howard johnson : what do she say ? ( continued ) 110 . 230 ( cont . ) 231 . 232. gabby johnson : ravvid , consarnit suckatash , side - windin ' plumbtucker , mesquite bush - wackere tumbleroughs , maverick ... ravvid , ravvid ... everyone take they hat off and smashes gabby on the head . bart : the wire 's break . van johnson : what be we go to do ? any minute now they be go to find out that town be a fake and pull out . bart : Jim , baby , you think you could squeeze off a shot from here and set off the dynamite ? howard johnson : what ? hit something over 2,000 yard away with a six -shooter . can not be do . bart : what do you say , Jim ? jim : give ‘er a try . Jim crook he elbow for support , lean the barrel of he gun over it , slowly he index finger begin to tighten on the trigger . everyone stare down toward town expectantly . CUT to : fake rock ridge taggart kick in a saloon door and see nothing but prairie on the other side . he shout back to the man . taggart : it 's fake . we have be sucker in . taggart hop on he horse and begin to lead he man out . CUT to : jim he pull trigger . gun fire . nothing happen . ( continued ) 111 . revise 2/22/73 232 ( cont . ) 233. 234 . 235 . 236 . howard johnson : miss . jim : hold on . it take a little while for it to get there , CUT back to : fake rock ridge suddenly , the earth be rent by a enormous series of explosion , quick cut : lamarr horde be blow off they horse . cur to : bart and he group on top of Ridge . from they p.0.v. , we see the fake town of rock Ridge exploding in a symphony of cataclysmic destruction . piece of the town soar through the air , wall collapse and dummy fly in all direction . townspeople go crazy with joy . all ad lib . bart : all right , let 's finish they off , townspeople rush headlong down the ridge , let loose war - whoops as they attack . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET fake rock ridge horde be disorient , not to mention some who be ( continued ) 112 . 236 ( cont. ) critically injure , taggart be riding around and try to recognize the horde . taggart : bad guy , bad guy , pull yourselves together . here come the good guy . it 's never be do before in a western but once , maybe just this once , we beat they . a melee ensue . quick cut : reverend johnson : forgive I , lord. knee to groin ) forgive I , lord. ( knee to groin ) forgive I , Lord ... knee to groin ) CUT to : 237 , lili she be sing " lili marlene " to a group of weep german soldier who be sit on the ground completely immobilize . they dab tear from they eye and console each other . CUT to : 238 . omitted , 239 , jim and bart fight back to back , knock out bad guy . jim : ( to Bart ) how ya ' doin ' ? bart : great ! Bart be punch in stomach . ( continued ) 113 . 239 ( cont . ) 240 . 241 , bart : ( hollow voice ) make that fair . Bart grab man who hit he and punch he out . cuUT to : mongo he be knock people out , use a unconscious bad guy as a bludgeon . ten bad guy rush he . he knock they out with he human club . camera begins to pull back to overhead shot , revealing the huge dimension of the fight . we see score of people engage in vicious , yet somehow entertaining , hand - to-hand combat . cuT to : int . SOUND stage glitter busby Berkeley set replete with cardboard column and twin staircase , we see thirty gentleman deck out in top hat , white tie and tail , hold cane and poise to go into they big number . around a camera we see a crew and a gay thirty director in jodpur and beret . director ( buddy bizarre ) : be Fred and Ginger ready ? assistant director : they be on they mark , Mr. bizarre . off camera voice : ready , buddy . buddy bizarre : thank you . all right . very , very , quiet on the set , please ... because it 's " Magic time '' . Roll it , turn over , action and playback . music : hot thirty number come booming over speaker . Men start tapping they way down the staircase and into we heart . a loud , rumbling noise intrude itself upon the scene . suddenly , without warning , a section of the sound stage wall buckle and collapse , through the ( continued ) 114 , 241 ( cont . ) 242. 243. 243a , gape hole in the sound stage the Black Bart fight pour into the scene . cut to : closeup buddy bizarre buddy bizarre : what 's go on here ? be this some kind of grotesque joke ? ( walk up to taggart ) what the hell do you think you be do on my set ? taggart : this . he punch buddy . cut to : group of dancers on staircase first dancer : they have hit buddy !! come on , girl . dancer rush down the step , they cane at the ready . the western type and the chorus boy start mixing it up . first dancer : you filthy , yet somehow attractive , western pig ! first dancer smashes cowboy over the head . cowboy : why you miserable little fruit ! cowboy punch first dancer out . CUT to : lyle six -gun in hand , he fire two shot at ground in front of they . lyle : okay , pansy , start dancin' . the three gypsy go into a very elaborate life - save step . 244 , 245 . 246 . 247 , 115 . CUT to : closeup bart bart : ( to Jim ) hey , Jim , baby , do you realize we fight we way all the way up to 1938 camera pull back to get big view of scene . there 's a lot of fight , mincing , dance , cursing and , occasionally , kissing . CUT to : warner bros , commissary it be fill with actor , extras , etc. , wear a variety of costume : bath beauty in bikinis , tarzan and cheetah , confederate soldier , Southern bell , thirty gangster , six midget munchkin from out of the " wizard of Oz . " some actor be at the counter choose various food . man dress as prizefighter , wear robe , trunk and box - ing glove , be talk to adolph Hitler . fighter : so , how many day you get leave , irv? SOUND : loud rumbling noise adolph hitler : well ... what the hell be that !? they turn they head to the door , Black Bart brawl spill into commissary . not only be the good guy and the bad guy engage in the fisticuff , but also many of the dancer from the thirty set have be sweep along in the fraca . it be a rip-roaring beauty of a fight . quick cut of : table cover with food be smashed . CUT to ; baker man enter wheeling a cart fill with trays of pie . ( continued ) 116 . 247 ( cont . ) bakery man : ( call out ) bakery man . lyle : ( look at pie ) be that lemon meringue ? CUT to : 248 . bart he do take into camera , pick up pie and smashes it into lyle 's face . CUT to : 249 , lyle the pie be drip off he face . his tongue catch a drip . lyle : no , that would be you custard . another pie fly into he face from outside of frame , lyle : now , that there 's lemon meringue . he faint . CUT to : 249a . taggart he grab chair . he be about to smash Bart over the head when a huge arm enter frame and rip chair out of taggart 's hand . camera pull back to reveal mongo . mongo punch taggart who slide down the food counter . on route he be cover with a assortment of food that tumble down on he as he swiftly move along , the cash register stop he forward motion . lady at register : now , let 's see , .. we have get yankee bean Soup , coleslaw , tuna surprise ... $ 3.83 . cuUT to : 250 through omitted . 252 . — 253 . 254 . 255 . 256 . 117 . CUT to : hendley lamarr he be seat at a small table near rear exit of commissary . he look around , take last sip of coffee , carefully blot he mouth with napkin , pull he hat down over he eye and start to tip - toe out . he grimace , stop , walk back , leave a dime tip and start to tip - toe toward the rear exit . CUT to : bart he spot lamarr sneaking out rear door of commissary . he take off in lamarr 's direction . CUT to : ext . warner bros , studio pass STREET gate lamarr exit on the run , stop on sidewalk panting and gesture to pass taxi . lamarr : taxi. taxi stop lamarr enter and slam door . taxi roar off . camera stay on Warner 's gate . Bart emerge on horseback and take off after taxi , CUT to : grauman' chinese theatre marquee read : " mel brook ' black bart star cleavon Little , etc. etc. " , taxi pull up . lamarr get out of taxi and rush to box office window . ahead of he at the window be a little old lady fumble with change in she purse , lamarr look over he shoulder nervously as the Little Old Lady continue she quest for $ 2.50 . tourist man : ( v.o. ) hey , mother , come over here . I find hedy lamar ! hedley do take . pull hat down . ( ) tourist mother : v.0 . I ea not . I be stick in greta garbo 's shoe . ( continued ) 118. 256 ( cont . ) lamarr , feed up with wait , reach into he pocket , pull out several bill , he fling bill into the cage . lamarr : it 's all right . it 's on I . lamarr pick up Little Old Lady , throw she over he shoulder and run into theatre . lamarr : ( hand ticket - taker the ticket ) we be together . CUT to : 257 , little old lady hang over lamarr 's shoulder , little old lady : nobody care , nobody ever care . and then , finally , somebody care and he 's dangerous , CUT to : 257a . lobby of grauman' chinese theatre night hedley lamarr , with Little Old Lady drape over shoulder , run past a few cow milling about . CUT to : 258 . int . candy counter in theatre lamarr drape Little Old Lady across the candy counter and continue on into the theatre . little old lady : ( look down at candy ) look at that ... $ 2.00 for neckos . that 's outrageous ! 259 , 260 . 261. 262. 263. 264 , 265 . 119 . CUT to : int . theatre lamarr look around and duck into a aisle seat . CUT to : omitted . closeup.of lamarr he be very interested in what be happen on the screen . cur to : movie screen Bart gallop up to front of graunian 's chinese theatre and tie he horse to a parking meter . CUT to : lamarr watch movie . lamarr : shit ! lamarr snap he finger in disgust , bolt out of seat and run up aisle , cur to : ext . grauman' chinese theatre lamarr come fly out just as Bart begin to enter . bart : okay , lamarr . this be it . go for you gun , CUT to ; lamarr he raise he hand . ( continued ) 120 . 265 ( cont . ) lamarr : ? wait , wait ! I be unarm . cuT to : 266 , bart he throw he gun away . bart : all right , we will settle it like man ... with we fist , CUT to : 267 . lamarr lamarr : oh , oh ...sorry ... just remember . I be armed . lamarr pull out a derringer and fire at Bart . CUT to : 268 , bart he hurl himself to the ground , roll over , pick up he six - shooter and fire all in one motion . cut to : 269 . lamarr he be about to let out another shot when he be hit , the derringer drop out of he hand , he clutches he gut . he spin and fall face down into a square of the traditional wet cement use to immortalize the hand and foot of screen luminary . with a die gasp lamarr roll out of the cement leave he impression . he then sign he name with he forefinger and die , CUT to : 269a . jim he ride up , get off he horse , walk over to Bart and sur - vey the scene . ( continued ) 121 , revise 2/22/73 269a ( cont . ) 270 . 271 . Bart and Jim take off they hat slowly ~and , look down at the last remain of hedley lamarr . bart : he die like he live ... sideways . Jim look at he quizzically . ( to Jim ) I do not know ... it 's the first thing that come into my head . jim : well , that 's do . what do we do now ? bart : come on . let 's check out the end of the flick . they walk into theatre . CUT to ; omitted movizn screen MAIN STREET rock ridge morning bar. be on horseback , he saddlebags be pack , as he speak , camera pull back to reveal town - peopie and railroad worker form in a huge semi-circle , howard johnson : sheriff , you can not go now . we need you , townsfolk ad llib . bart : ( draw a deep breath and fix a eye on a stray cloud ) my work here be do . I be need elsewhere now . ( continued ) 122 , revise 2/22/73 271 ( cont . ) 272 , 273 , music : begins pomp and circumstance , bart ; ( continue ) I be need wherever outlaw rule the West , whereyer innocent woman and child be afraid to walk on the street , wherever a man cannot live in simple dignity and wherever a people ery out for justice . towns people : ( in unison ) bullshit !!! bart : all right , ya catch I . to speak the plain truth , it 's get pretty dam dull around here . townspeople :ad lib , rev . johnson : good luck , Bart ...and God bless you . CUT to : mongo he 's wave goodbye and weep copiously , a little old lady stand underneath he get drench . little old lady : ( to camera ; raise umbrella ) have you ever see such cry ? CUT back to : towns people ad lib , Bart ride past charlie and slap he off . ( continued ) 123 , revise 2/22/72 273 ( cont . ) 274 , charlie : take care , brother . lili : oh , Bart , I '11 never forget you . bart : ( stare at she heavy bosom ) do not worry , my dear . I pledge myself to you bosom .... comfort , comfort , Strike bosom . make that comfort . Bart turn around , take off he hat and wave it to the townsfolk . . bart : keep the faith , nigger . he spur he horse and move out , as Bart pass the last building in town and turn the corner , he spot Jim quietly wait . jim : ( casually ) where ya headin' ? bart : no where special . jim : always want to go there . bart : ( smile ) come on . they ride off together . curt to : ext , prairie far shot of Bart and Jim riding fquietly off into the sunset . in the corner of the frame we see a stagecoach be hold up . they continue riding for a while and then they rein up and get off ( continued ) 124 , 2/22/73 274 ( cont . ) they horse . they stand and wait . suddenly a large black cadillac limousine drive into frame . they open the door and get in , as the limousine ride off into the sunset we see a small herd of cattle drift across the trail accompany by they own wonderful cattle sound . we hear lili begin sing '' auf wiederschen , adieu , bye bye Black Bart " . the end song continue over end credit and bow from lead character end with Bart . in order : the johnson : Samuel , Olson , Van , gabby , Howard and reverend ; lyle ; mongo ; taggart ; lili ; Le petomane ; lamarr ; Jim ; and lastly , Bart .