cherry by Jim & Brian kehoe dmg entertainment 310.275.3750 fade in ext . suburban neighborhood , long island , NY - day a upscale neighborhood . perfectly manicure lawn . early summer , flower in full bloom . ext . house - day pete harrington ( 40 , friendly and responsible ) tie balloon to he front porch . a kind -look mailman approach . Pete nod . mailman afternoon , Pete ! what 's the occasion ? pete my daughter be go to prom tonight , so I be host a little pre-party for the kid and they parent . mailman no way ! Little Julie ? geez , seem like only yesterday I be deliver highlight Magazine . they grow up so fast . pete tell I about it . mailman ( get nostalgic ) prom . what a wondrous night ... mailman ( cont 'd ) first time I get my dick wet . pete ( uncomfortable ) you do not say . mailman carla minnifield . she be smokin’ . yuuuuge tit . he motorboat two party balloon , then pantomime hit a speed bag and smile at pete. pete wow . the mailman nod and stroke Pete 's roll - up mail . Pete step inside he front door . mailman ( peek inside ) send Julie out for a sec so I can get a peek at she in she little dress . pete not gonna happen . Pete slowly begin to close the door in he face . mailman do not forget you - Pete grab the mail and shut the door . int . pete 's house - moment later Pete search the mail and smile when he see a brochure that read '' Camp on Lake George ! '' he rush upstairs . int . julie' room - moment later julie ( 16 , all -american , adorable ) do she hair as Pete walk in and dance around to she music . pete ahh , yeah , be this my boy skrillex ? his new album just drop , right ? julie yeah , I download it to you ipod last night . Julie smile and toss the ipod to he . Pete kiss she forehead . pete hey , check it out . they renovate the cabin on Lake George ! we should nail down date asap . we will not have to bring the shovel this year ... indoor plumbing ! julie I be not sure I ’1ll be able to go camp this summer . Pete stop dance . pete of course you be go . we go every year . it 's we thing . julie I do not have a lot of summer leave with my friend . pete be they die ? julie Austin 's go to college in September . and I 'il be go to college soon , too . pete you be only a sophomore . julie I be gonna be a junior . pete it 's only a few day ... julie it 's a whole week . but can we talk about it later ? I really need to get ready . pete ( hurt ) yeah ... of course . Pete look at she red prom dress on the bed . pete ( cont 'd ) I wish you mom be here to see this . she look beautiful in red , too . Julie smile . pete ( cont ’d ) I will just leave this here for you to check out ... just in case . he put the brochure on the bed and walk out . int . mitchell be car - early evening mitchell forde ( 40 , pessimistic , kind of a pussy ) drive with he wife marcie and they daughter kayla ( 15 , self - center ) who be dress in a very revealing prom dress . kayla you know , you guy really do not have to come . most of the parent will not even be there . mitchell we would not miss you prom party for the world , sweetie . and we have already get the sitter . kayla but it 's gonna be super lame . you should go do something fun instead . mitchell it 's fun for we to spend time with you . hint not take , kayla sit back and chew she lip . kayla whatevs . mitchell so who 's this dex boy you be go with tonight ? kayla he 's just a guy from school . mitchell anything we should know about he for when you introduce we ? kayla I be not introduce you . mitchell but -— kayla he 's a senior . please do not do this to I ! Mom ?! marcie stop antagonize she , Mitchell . he shrug , what be I do ? kayla pull over here . right here ! mitchell what ? why ? the harrington 's house be at the end of the block . kayla I think I know where my best friend life . Mitchell pull over and they all hop out of the car . kayla notice some kide in front of the house . kayla ( cont 'd ) Mom , you guy be gonna wait a few minute before you come in , like we talk about , right ? marcie yes , honey . Mitchell look confuse . marcie shoot he a look . mitchell okay , peanut . we will give you a five minute head start . kayla notice that she dad be wear capri pant . kayla make it ten . int . hunter 's house - early evening SAM ( 15 , artsy and pretty , but self - conscious ) wait in the live room with she mother , Hunter 's attractive ex - wife . SAM dad , c’mon ! ( to she mother ) I can not believe he 's still in the shower . hunter ( 0.s. ) be on time be for loser , Sam . you know that ! Sam sigh , turn to she mother . SAM do I look okay ? hunter 's ex -wife be you kid ? you look beautiful , sweetheart ! Sam nervously fidget with she prom dress , then shake she head in frustration and look down a hallway , impatiently . hunter 's ex - wife ( cont ’d ) Hunter , be you come ? hunter ( 0.s. ) almost , give I one minute ! hunter 's ex - wife hurry up ! hunter ( 0.s. ) please stop talk ! Sam pace , upset . SAM I want to get there before kayla . and she 's probably already there ! hunter 's ex -wife why ? be something go on with you and kayla ? Sam shake she head , upset ; she clearly do not want to talk about it . annoy , Hunter 's ex - wife head for he bedroom . int . hunter 's bedroom - continuous she knock and hunter phelp ( 40 , a likeable wise - ass ) open the door a crack . he 's in a towel , he hair still wet . hunter 's ex -wife what the hell , Hunter ? Sam 's gonna be late and you take the longest shower ever ? hunter sorry , but I be really dirty . a naked hot girl walk past the door and spot Hunter 's ex - wife . she wave to Hunter 's ex - wife , embarrassed . caught , Hunter smile and shrug . hunter ( cont 'd ) she be filthy , too , god bless she . Hunter 's ex - wife shake she head , disgust . int . dimly lit room - later close on a pair of giant distort eye search with binocular . the binocular dip , revealing eli ( 15 , nerdy ) . he scan the yard from the safety of he bedroom and lock in on he target : Julie -- as she talk with kayla in a gazebo . plllffff . eli hello , my love . yes , the sun be rather strong . of course I ’1ll rub suntan oil on you back . I happen to have some right here . lotion squirt from a bottle . eli ( cont 'd ) how do that feel ? be it too rough ? oh , it 's just right , my darling ? mmmm . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) eli ! there 's no toilet paper in here ! eli shake off the distraction , continue with he business . eli ( sotto ) stay in the zone . eli 's mom eli !? eli not now , Mom ! ( back to Julie ) now , where be we , my love ? woman' voice hurry up ! it be not a clean break ! the moment ruin , eli angrily rub the lotion in he hand into he elbow . eli okay ! ext . pete 's house - moment later Hunter , he ex - wife and Sam walk up the path to the house . hunter 's ex -wife do you have anything you want to say , Hunter ? hunter like what ? his ex - wife motion toward Sam . Hunter look confuse . hunter 's ex -wife how do she look ? hunter oh. ( to Sam ) we both look great , honey . let 's do this shit . Sam shake she head . his ex - wife shoot he a look , but he pay no attention . ext . pete 's backyard - continuous Julie talk with kayla by the gazebo . kayla I wish Tina be come with we instead of Sam . julie I wish we be all go together , but you know Tina could not come . kayla I know . and I be not say I hate Sam , just that I do not want she in we limo because she 's super lame ... I guess I do hate she a little bit . julie we have be talk about go to prom together since we be in third grade . so do not be a dick . kayla Fine . but I swear to god , if she say one more word about katniss - — SAM ( 0.s. ) hey guy . Julie and kayla turn to see Sam . julie oh , hey ! kayla I need a refill . kayla walk away as Julie and Sam hug each other hello . ext . pete 's backyard - early evening prom-goers and parent enjoy the food and drink at the cater party . Mitchell talk to Pete as he sample the hor d'oeuvre . mitchell delicious . Pete nod . across the yard , Mitchell see some kid look in he direction and laugh . be they laugh at he pants ? mitchell ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly insecure ) I be fill out a application at macy 's when the salesgirl talk I into this pants . she say this be the style this day . pete be that right ? mitchell I think kayla might like they , but I can not get a read . thought ? pete they're ... seasonally appropriate . mitchell would you wear they ? pete if I have you calf development , maybe . I do not , though . so , no , I would not consider wear they . mitchell ( glance at he calve ) I do take stair when I can . man' voice ( 0.s. ) dude , you can not afford pants that go all the way down ? 10 . Mitchell shake he head . he do not need to look ; he know it 's Hunter . Hunter hug Pete , then Mitchell . hunter you guy catch that Met game ? just catch the end on the radio on the ride over . craziness . pete I record it , so do not - hunter they win 4 - 3 in ten . pete ass . hunter I just save you three hour . just then , a attractive single mom walk by . hunter ( cont 'd ) what do we have here ? single Mom smile suggestively at Pete , who quickly look away . random parent ( 0.s. ) smile ! Pete , Mitchell and Hunter turn to the camera and smile . hunter ( through smile tooth ) you should be tear that ass apart , Pete . pete ( through smile tooth ) no one 's ass be get tear . the camera click , the random parent walk away and the guy get back to check out single Mom , who be bent over , fix the hemline on she daughter 's prom dress . hunter dude , what the hell ? it 's be eight year ! pete I know that . I have be a little busy raise my daughter . 11 . hunter well , there 's no rule that say you can not slap a milf in the face with you dick and still be a good dad . Mitchell nod in apparent agreement . it 's a hallmark moment . int . julie' room - evening on SAM and kayla , who both look confuse . Julie hold a unravel condom . the girl move in for a closer inspection . kayla catch a whiff . kayla ew ! do they come in any other smell ? SAM wait ! do this mean ... julie ( shrug ) Austin 's be very patient . so - kayla ( excited ; laugh ) you whorebag ! SAM so , you be gonna do it with he ? like ... all of it ? kayla roll she eye . Sam notice , embarrassed . julie he 's go to college soon . I want to be he first and I want he to be mine . kayla do he know ? julie ( nodd ) he do not need much convincing . kayla I be proud of you , skank . Sam see how impressed kayla be with Julie and jump in : 12 . SAM I all probably do it , too . with Chad . incredulous , Julie and kayla turn to Sam . julie huh ? you barely know he . kayla he only ask you because he 's Austin 's friend and he do not have a date . SAM so what ? it 's prom . why not have the sex ? kayla I call bullshit . SAM what 's bullshit ? I be definitely get some sausage tonight . kayla sausage ? SAM ( uncomfortable ) Weiner . dong. whatever . julie Sam , you do not have to - SAM I be tired of do boring shit . I be ready for some cock action tonight . kayla you be serious ? SAM as first period gym . kayla raise a brow , be she for real ? kayla then count I in . SAM so we be all do it tonight . 13. kayla look like it . SAM awesome . kayla amazing . both girl nod . Julie watch the back and forth . SAM ( challenging ) maybe we should put it in write . kayla ( eye narrowing ; not back down ) I would like that . ext . pete 's yard - later Pete , Hunter and Mitchell talk in the yard . pete I be excited for the kid . Julie , Sam and kayla hang out with austin ( Julie 's boyfriend , well - mannered ) and chad ( Sam 's date , lanky with beiber hair ) . Austin and Chad have carrot stick up they nose and they be bark like walruse . the girl laugh . mitchell they be gonna have so much fun . hunter ( check he watch ; disinterested ) yeah , should be a blast . when be they leave ? pete Chad seem like a nice kid , huh , Hunter ? hunter not a clue . mitchell have Sam be dating he long ? 14 . hunter what , be I in the pta ? pete I think you might know , since Chad 's mom be Debbie doyle . hunter Debbie doyle from high school ? top - of - the-pyramid Debbie doyle ? Pete nod . hunter ( cont 'd ) I always want to nail Debbie doyle . but she be a tough crack to nut . pete she 'il probably make a appearance here . hunter sweet ! mitchell ( to Pete ) which one be kayla 's date ? pete that one . dex . Pete point to the other side of the yard where dex ( 18 but look 25 , enormous ) smoke a cigarette . dex lean out over the deck and check out the woman at the party like a vulture . he rub he patchy mustache . Mitchell 's face fall . mitchell I do not like the look of this dex person . hunter he look like the type who own exotic pet . pete do not listen to he , Mitchell . ( beat ) seriously , though , I have get kayla start on a Z pack first thing in the morning . Mitchell look really nervous . 15 . mitchell I be go to set he straight before they leave , just in case . pete please let we know when you be gonna do that . hunter yeah , we do not wanna miss that . Pete notice something , excuse himself and walk away . across the yard ... «+. eli have try to climb into the yard , but be stick on top of the fence , he shirt catch on one of the post . his leg dangle helplessly . Pete walk over . pete be that you , eli ? eli oh hey , Mr. harrington , do we luck out with this weather or what ? pete sure do . let I give you a hand . Pete help eli over the fence . eli be wear a shirt and tie . pete ( cont ’d ) ( be : he clothes ) look sharp . eli naturally . Pete nod . eli ( cont 'd ) hope you do not mind my drop by . pete you know you be always welcome here . eli thanks . I be just gonna let Julie know I pick up serenity on bluray . criterion Collection . ( more ) 16 . eli ( cont 'd ) just in case she 's over this prom business . eli shoot a air gun at he and walk away . ext . pete 's backyard - later Mitchell approach and stand face - to- neck with dex . mitchell so ... dex , right ? dex I prefer Silver back . it 's my d.j. name . mitchell I be Mr. forde . you be take my daughter to prom . so I guess you know each other from school ? dex oh , yeah . I see she in the hall a few time . Nice situation . Front and back . mitchell ( ignore the comment ) oh , you do not know each other well . so I assume you ask she to the prom as friend , right ? dex Katie ask I . Austin and Julie hook it up . mitchell Katie ? you mean kayla ? dex I guess . Mitchell bite he lip . kayla spot she dad talk to she date . this be a emergency ! kayla picture ! everyone outside ! kayla quickly grab dex and pull he away . on pete and hunter ... 17 . -+. who watch Mitchell walk back toward they . Mitchell break into a strut and smile . the guy look at he expectantly . mitchell smell that ? poor kid practically shit himself . the guy nod , uh huh . ext . front yard - later the couple be line up in front of the limo as parent take picture and shout for the kid to '' look over here '' and '' smile ! '' the couple all attempt to look sexy . as Pete take a few picture , he notice only one smile come from the group . the smile belong to eli , who have take a knee in front of Julie . eli ( quietly ; to Julie ) I know you do not '' love '' sci-fi , but whedon be a master of crossing genre boundary . julie ( complain about eli ) dad ! pete ( wave he away ) eli. eli reluctantly step out of the picture , then slip unnotice into Pete 's house . Hunter chat with debbie doyle , Chad 's pretty mom . hunter can you believe my little girl be go to the prom with you son ?! debbie I know . Sam be so cute . you do a great job with she . hunter yes , I do . Chad seem great , too . be you husband here ? debbie no . we be divorced , so ... 18 . hunter excellent . I mean , that 's too bad . she smile , pick up on he flirtation . hunter ( cont 'd ) ahh , Debbie , Debbie , Debbie ... hey , can you still do a split ? debbie yup . hunter we should schedule a play date . debbie the kid be a bit old for that . hunter who 's talk about the kid ? Debbie smile . on mitchell ... .»». as he wife nudge he to the front of the crowd to take a photo . Mitchell maneuver for a shot of kayla . mitchell look here ! kayla ! kayla , over here ! kayla be embarrassed . she look in every direction but Mitchell 's . mitchell ( cont 'd ) kayla ! kayla ! peanut ! kayla turn bright red . mitchell ( cont 'd ) d.j. Silver back ! dex immediately turn and look at Mitchell . notice , kayla turn , too . they flash they sexiest pose . mitchell ( cont 'd ) great ! beautiful ! Mitchell check the camera . mitchell ( cont 'd ) ( to no one in particular ) no card . I have no SD card ! 19 . kayla ( to dex ) I be adopt . the other parent look at Mitchell , as he have a mini- meltdown . then he have a idea and pull out he ancient flip phone . mitchell do not worry , sweetheart , I ’1ll use the razr ! angle on ... «+. the sleazy - look limo driver , seth , who amble over to Pete and lean against the limo . seth kid , huh ? pete uh , yeah . seth how much do you love they , right ? pete yeah . a lot . Pete nod , uncomfortable . after a awkward pause , Seth get a bit annoyed . he cut to the chase . seth so do you want to tip at the end of the night or ... ? pete it be my understanding that the tip be include in the price . seth yeah , still suppose to tip I personally . pete oh , I do not know . sorry . Pete dig into he pocket . seth do not beat yourself up . Pete hand he some cash . Seth be truly offended . 20 . seth ( cont ’d ) whoa , a little discretion , chief . Pete have no idea what to do . a moment pass . seth ( cont ’d ) would you like to shake hand with a limo driver ? pete uh , sure . they shake hand and Pete awkwardly transfer the cash . Seth nod he thanks and walk away . he walk past Hunter , who clap as Debbie do a split in the front yard . on mitchell ... ..- who flip through a collection of dark , blurry razr photo . he notice Seth at he side . seth kid , huh ? ext . pete 's house - later Julie give she dad a kiss on the cheek . pete have fun , honey . julie I will , dad . Austin , demonstrate he good manners , open the door for Julie , who climb in . Pete look at Austin . pete seatbelt . austin do not worry , Mr. harrington . the other kid climb into the limo . the guy watch dex slap kayla 's ass as she climb in . the limo take off . mitchell who 's up for some binge drink ? 21 . int . limo - later the kid be have fun in the back seat . Sam suddenly lean over and kiss a surprised Chad . kayla , in response , snuggle up to dex , who dive in for a raunchy tongue - flail makeout . kayla engage for a few second then pull away and laugh nervously . Austin look at Julie , what 's go on here ? Julie shrug . in the front seat , Seth be out of he tuxedo and be now sport stain cargo short and a garbage pail kid t- shirt . he zip down the partition . seth hey , my name be Seth . shit 's gonna get epic up in here now that the nrent be in the rearview ! the kid look at each other . kayla ( disgust ) put the partition back up ... Seth . seth that 's cool ! the kid laugh as the partition slide back up , then immediately slide back down . seth ( cont ’d ) before I vamanos , though , let I just say that I see some long face back there . the kid look at each other again , what the fuck be with this guy ? seth ( cont ’d ) I get just the thing to turn that frown upside down . who 's down for a little ... ( wave a baggie ) Crystal ? make it myself . I be no Heisenberg , but it 's good shit . who 's down ? SAM I have do a bag . Julie and kayla be shocked . 22 . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to Julie and kayla ) what ? I be up for anything tonight . ( quickly ; to Seth ) but no one else want any , so no thanks . I can not eat a whole bag by myself . seth I get it . no tweaker on board . how about we make it snow up in this bitch ?! he wave another baggie fill with coke . dex we could use some beer later . chad and some energy drink ! dex shoot he a look . chad ( cont 'd ) but mostly beer . seth beer ? seriously ? ( deflate ) yeah , I can do that . int . julie' bathroom - night eli poke around . he open the medicine cabinet . he apply Julie 's deodorant . Heaven . he pick up Julie 's toothbrush and lick it . ext . pete 's backyard - night Pete and Hunter sit around a FIRE pit drink beer . Hunter and Mitchell have tequila shot . pete we should all be proud of ourselves . we have raise three pretty great girl . the guy raise a glass and drink . pete ( cont 'd ) be not it crazy ? in a few year , they 's 1l be off to college . 23. hunter nut . Hunter throw back a shot . mitchell I be sure go to miss kayla around the house . the nice talk and the hug . i’1l miss the hug the most . Mitchell then downs a entire beer in a few second . mitchell ( cont 'd ) sorry , guy . what I just say there , that be bullshit . there be no hug . I actually think kayla 's embarrassed of I . pete ( lie ) I doubt that . hunter seriously ? it 's pretty fuck obvious . Pete shoot he a look . mitchell she have not call I '' dad '' in a year . she 's just call I '' hey . '' as in , '' hey , be that what you be wear ? '' and '' hey , ever hear of a courtesy flush ? '' Mitchell sigh , then throw back a shot . mitchell ( cont 'd ) it 's because I lose my job . hunter be you get any interview ? mitchell no . and my resume be all over monster . what else can I do ? Pete shrug . mitchell ( cont 'd ) maybe I be a embarrassment . hunter hey , that 's bullshit , man . 24 . pete yeah , look at you . pete ( cont 'd ) you have get ... a lot of ... good stuff go on . mitchell like ...? pete you be a great friend ! Mitchell shrug , that 's not do it for he . Pete and Hunter think hard ... hunter look at that calve ! pete yeah , I mention that earlier . the guy try , but can not think of much else until ... hunter you be awesome at sound effect ! that honk horn sound ? you could be the next Michael winslow ! Mitchell make a bicycle honk noise with he mouth . hunter ( cont 'd ) that 's the one ! so good . the guy muster a laugh . Mitchell cheer up . mitchell I be pretty good at that . the guy nod . mitchell ( cont 'd ) you dude wanna hear some of the new one I have be work on ? pete hunter maybe later . no. Mitchell smile and nod . mitchell ( cont 'd ) I will get a few more log for the fire . ( more ) 25 . mitchell ( cont 'd ) ( seize the opportunity ) put another shrimp on the barbie ! pete maybe stick with the sound effect . accent be not in you wheelhouse . Mitchell nod . he make the honk sound as he walk away . hunter ( quietly ; to Pete ) why do we hang out with he ? Pete smile . Mitchell return with a couple of log . pete you know , you be not the only one with daughter problem , Mitchell . Julie 's bail on we annual camp trip . hunter that shit be normal , guy . kid pull away from they parent . and you know that three girl . they be attach at the hip . with the soccer and karate and whatever else . Pete and Mitchell share a confuse look . hunter ( cont 'd ) Sam and I have a unspoken understanding . we give each other space and we will reconnect sometime during she mid to late-twenty . int . julie' room - night eli open Julie 's underwear drawer and he jaw drop as if he 's find the lose Arc of the covenant . he spot a bottle of hand lotion on top of the dresser . eli you have be out in the sun for a long time , Julie . time to reapply . sploosh , sploosh . he pump some lotion into one hand and pick up a pair of panty with the other . he notice the camping brochure in the drawer . he eye it curiously . 26 . ext . pete 's backyard - night Mitchell be drunk and in a much better mood , play drum on the table with a couple of serve spoon . hunter alright , this be a solid pre-game . let 's hit taste of honey . Pete shake he head . hunter ( cont 'd ) Fucking pussy . afraid of a strip club . pete we be not pussy . we be parent . hunter c'mon , dude , when 's the last time you have a entire night without Julie ? let 's pillage ! suddenly , smoke pour out from the garage door . mitchell uh , Pete ! Pete frantically run over and hit the garage door opener . smoke billow out ! int . garage - continuous the garage be fill with smoke . the guy start cough . when the smoke clear , they find eli sit in Pete 's beat up 2004 volvo station wagon . eli oh , hey , Mr. harrington , gentleman . int . pete 's house , live room - moment later Pete and Mitchell carry eli , who look fine , but distraught , into the house . Hunter slap he across the face . eli what the hell ?! I be awake ! hunter I know . 27 . pete why be you try to off yourself in my garage ? without a word , eli hand Pete the camping brochure . hunter this kid really hate camp . eli turn it over . pete ( read ) we , kayla , Julie and Sam , who have know each other we whole life , wish to this night one that we will never forget ... mitchell that 's sweet — eli - keep read . pete .-- and hereby swear that tonight , on the occasion of we first ever prom , we will all have ... ( strain to read ) I can not make out this word . eli sorry . it 's smudge from my tear . sex . the word be sex . we all agree to have sex for the first time with we prom date . mitchell what ? what ?? pete no , that ... can not be right . what be this ?! Hunter grab it . hunter it 's some sort of contract . eli it 's a fuck pact ! the guy look around at each other , completely stunned . 28 . mitchell be that ... bind ? hard CUT to : int . pete 's car —- moment later Pete drive the crappy volvo wagon while on he cell . Mitchell ride shotgun ; Hunter and eli be in the back . the tension be palpable . pete straight to voicemail again . ( frustrated ) I be sure this be some kind of mistake . I would have know about this . mitchell I know I should not have get she that hpv vaccine ! hunter if this kid have sex with Sam , I can forget about get with Debbie . and after all this year , that would be tragic . pete we be almost there . let 's talk strategy . mitchell get in , spread out . grab the kid off the dance floor , forbid they from have intercourse . eli no ! no ! no ! check the dance floor last . handicapped bathroom stall first . regular people stall second . mitchell bathroom ? it 's they first time for chrissake ! ( to Pete , be : eli ) why the hell do you bring he ? hunter seriously . pull over . let 's dump he ass at the Arby 's . pete he 's a good kid . ( softly ; to Mitchell ) and I have rope and cutlery in my garage . eli I be just say there probably will not be any sex happen on the dance floor . but bathroom be in play . last week , my cousin freddie sixty - nine with a lady in a port - of - potty behind Subway ! hunter that could not have be pretty . meatball be the five dollar footlong this month . Pete react by give it a bit more gas . eli the point be that teenager will have sex anywhere they can . eli notice Pete look at he in the rearview . eli ( cont 'd ) not I , though . not with Julie . we first time will be magical . I have it all plan . no jackhammering . pete stop talk , eli. hunter the loser may have a point . my first time be with Dawn sadler in a sewer drain next to a rotting raccoon carcass . Mitchell shake he head in disgust . eli see ? hunter ( brag ) we do it four time . eli nod , impressed . Pete hit the gas even harder . the wagon shake as it haul ass down residential street . 30 . int . grand ballroom - night the tastefully decorate room be pack with horny prom - goer . it 's a beautiful evening . Julie and Austin dance together and have a great time . julie it 's go to be a special night . Austin nod and kiss she romantically . Sam see kayla look over and respond by grind on Chad , who 's surprised . SAM so do you think you be more of a gale or a peeta to my katniss ? chad I have no idea what you be say right now . Sam keep grind , but with a little less interest . kayla try to mimic Sam 's move . dex be into it , but be distract by the 50 year old d.j. , who look terminally bored . dex I wish I have my table . I would totally battle d.j. fossil right now . I be not feel this guy 's beat at all . kayla grind hard . dex take notice . dex ( cont 'd ) you be so slammin ... kayla raise a brow . dex look at he palm and see smudge ink on it . dex ( cont 'd ) .+- something with a '' k . '' kayla kayla . dex riiiiight . kayla we do not have to talk so much . kayla smile . dex nod , appreciatively . 31 . ext . STREET - night the guy continue drive to the prom . Pete take a hard turn . eli slide across the back seat into Hunter . eli shuffles back to he spot . he look at Hunter for a moment . eli hey , can you see any reason you can see why Julie will not give I the time of day ? hunter where should I start ? eli I mean , I know I be not very macho . I would ask my dad , but he leave a while back . Hunter feel bad . he be not expect that response . eli nod . hunter maybe I could ... give you some tip . eli you would do that ? hunter why not ? you kinda remind I of the dork I use to beat up in school . eli cool . I be a romantic , so I be good there . but if it be not for porn , I would know nothing about sex . hunter here 's something : do not try to kill yourself in a girl 's house . for most of they , complete turnoff . hunter ( cont 'd ) maybe you just need to relax a bit . be a kid , cut loose . do something unexpected . chick like bad boy . eli bad boy , huh ? Hunter nod . eli loosen he tie , undoe he top button and turn to Hunter . 32 . hunter well , baby step . ext . country club - night a elegant facility light with stun landscape lighting . Pete 's car fly like a buck bronco over a speed bump ! the car screech to a halt and the guy hurry to the door . loud hip - hop music pump from inside . eli sound like it 's pop off ! int . grand ballroom - night the ballroom be almost empty - a handful of less attractive prom -goer and a pair of handsy chaperone remain . the chaperone make out while kid watch . some straggler kide dance ; other include a boy with horrible acne and a kid in a wheelchair sit alone at table , no doubt debate the merit of suicide . the guy meet at the front door . pete anything ? mitchell no , all the bathroom be empty . eli shit ! hunter wow . be this the prom for some kind of special school ? eli no , we be in the right place . the cool kid be go . the only people leave be the drama fag and the regular fag . mitchell ( heartfelt ) poor bastard ... where to next ? pete Austin 's house . eli 5721 haverford drive . 33. pete that 's where the kid be go after the prom . hunter let 's go now . this shit might be contagious . Pete , feel bad for the kid , call out : pete it get better !! the Boy with horrible acne give Pete a thumb up . ext . 7 - 11 - night Seth talk with Austin , dex and Chad outside the limo . seth hundre buck should do it . dex ( get in Seth 's face ) for a case of Bud ?! I will rip you head off - Austin put out a hand , calming dex . austin ( plead with Seth ) we be in high school . we do not have that kind of cash . come on , Seth . seth do not '' come on '' I . the guy laugh . Seth be embarrassed , but brushes it off . seth ( cont ’d ) look , I have get two strike . I could get life for make this purchase . so if you want that bud , daddy 's gonna need a hundy . dex look like he want to strangle Seth . seth ( cont ’d ) do you wanna keep this party roll or not ? because if not , maybe I should be drop this fine young lady off at home . 34 . Austin , dex and Chad share a look , then reach into they wallet . int . car - later the guy fly down a residential street . mitchell it 's a leave here , pete. ( as they pass the turn ) Left ! pete meadow Lane be faster . mitchell no , it 's slower with all of the stop sign . you just cost we five minute . eli do you have any idea how many time a teenage boy can ejaculate in five minute ?! Pete blow a stop sign and a siren wail ! hunter Nice work , Pete . mitchell I know we should not have go this way ! do I call it ? do I ? eli you call it . mitchell totally call it ! Pete pull over . mitchell ( cont 'd ) we be drunk . and we be totally screw . pete I be not drunk . I have a couple of beer . hunter tell they you have have nothing . Zero beer . deny , deny , deny . 35 . pete I be not gonna lie . I be fine . eli I have some gum , Mr. H. mitchell I do , too . pete I do not need it . hunter Act casually and breathe through you nose . Mitchell grab he and eli 's gum and shove it in Pete 's mouth . a young Hispanic cop , officer hernandez , shine he flashlight into the car and lean in . hernandez good evening , gentleman . Pete work hard to chew a giant wad of gum . pete ( mouth full ) Officer . the guy all nod hello . Pete hand he he license and registration . hernandez look at the document , then into the car and see Mitchell and eli conspicuously tight - lipped . hernandez have you gentleman be drink tonight ? pete ( mouth still full ) I have a couple beer earlier . but as you can see , I be perfectly fine now . so if you do not mind , just write I a ticket and we will be on we way . we be in a hurry . hernandez oh , be that right ? Pete nod and continue chew . hernandez look at he fat veteran partner , officer donohue , who shake he head in disgust . hernandez give Pete a hard look . hernandez ( cont ’d ) who 's the kid ? 36 . pete just a friend . eli it 's okay , officer . this be not a sandusky situation . that do not allay hernandez 's concern . hernandez Sir , I be go to ask you to step out of the car . pete why ? hernandez stare at Pete for a moment and put he hand on he holster . hernandez because I fuck say so . hernandez look at Donohue , who give he a thumb up . Pete look at the guy , worried . he spit out the gum and get out of the car . ext . roadside - moment later Hunter , Mitchell and eli be all look out the window of the car as Pete be be give a breathalyzer test . hernandez blow , blow , blow , keep blow ! hernandez look at the test . Pete blow a .06 , below the legal limit . Donohue , who have a snarling german shepherd at he side , look disappointed . pete ( to the guy ) Point oh six ! the guy celebrate in the car - high fives all around . the cop do not look pleased . pete ( cont 'd ) alright , thank you officer . sincerely . you know , I think about be a cop myself , but then I - ( regret it as the word come out ) - get into college . 37 . Donohue turn to hernandez . they both look piss . donohue oh , wow . College boy , huh ? Color we impressed . pete no , that come out wrong . I just - donohue you know , I have not calibrate the breathalyzer recently . we better conduct a field sobriety test . pete guy , please , do not do this . hernandez Nah , let 's just take he in . get a blood test , just to be safe . pete let 's do the field sobriety test , okay ? what do you need I to do ? donohue how about some run in place ? hernandez yeah , let 's see some of that . the cop share a smirk . Grizzly bark at Pete as he run in place . int . pete 's car - moment later Mitchell , Hunter and eli sit in the car . hunter what the fuck be go on out there ? reveal Pete do squat thrust . mitchell we be lose valuable time while Pete 's blast he quad ! eli this be like a horror movie . it 's the prom night hymen massacre . eli check he cell phone , then yell out the window : 38 . eli ( cont 'd ) not for nothing , Mr. harrington , but Austin 's house have five bedroom . I Zillow it ! on pete , who shake he head in frustration and stop the squat thrust . pete alright , guy . I think we be do here . I be sober and pretty sweaty . suddenly , Donohue take a defensive stance and quickly move he right hip away from Pete . donohue whoa , hey , buddy ! stay back ! pete what ? Pete have not move and look confuse . donohue ( to hernandez ) you see this guy just make a move for my sidearm ?! hernandez ( catch on ) oh , yeah ! totally see that ! you sidearm . he make a move . donohue College boy 's go to matriculate downtown . i’1l load Grizzly . you cuff he ass ! hernandez grab Pete as Donohue walk the dog to the cruiser . after a beat of hesitation , Pete shove hernandez to the ground and sprint to he car ! hernandez we have get a runner !!! screech !!! Donohue turn to see that Pete have peel out ! donohue Holy fuck ! hernandez get up . he and Donohue look daze , not know how to respond . after a beat , they hop in the cruiser and take off after the guy . 39 . int . pete 's car - continuous the guy be stunned as Pete fly down the road . mitchell what the hell be you do ?! pete we be go to be there all night ! we have very little time to find the girl . hunter he 's right , they be fuck with he ! I have never do the run man during a sobriety check . mitchell they have you license ! we be all go to jail ! pete I know , but what choice do I have ?! Pete spot the cruiser in he rear view , light flash and siren blaring . Pete crank the wheel hard and turn . mitchell pull over ! marcie 's never gonna let I hang out with you guy again ! eli if anyone survive , tell Julie I love she and I will live in she room when I be a ghost ! Pete make another sharp turn . pete I be not pull over . if any of you want out , I 'il slow down and you can jump . hunter then I do not get to bang Debbie and the dream die . fuck that ! Hunter start pound the ceiling of the car with he hand . eli yeah , keep hope alive ! 40 . eli start bang the ceiling , too . Mitchell , somewhat more reluctantly , join in . Pete make a series of hard turn , then pull into a random driveway and kill the light . pete get down ! everyone duck in the car and a moment later , the police cruiser fly by down the street ! int . police car - moment later the cop look down each street as they drive by . hernandez goddammit ! Donohue punch the steering wheel . donohue where the fuck do they think they be go ? we have the guy 's information . Donohue hold Pete 's driver 's license . hernandez shrug . donohue ( cont 'd ) you know , I expect stupid shit like that from my son , but that be grow ass man ! int . pete 's car —- moment later Pete and the guy sit up in the car . eli wow ! the guy laugh nervously , surprised they have get away . pete I know we be fuck and we be go to be arrest , but by then , we daughter will be home . the guy nod . Pete back out of the driveway , hit the light and head the other way . ext . austin 's house - night Pete pull he car in front of Austin 's house . 41 . mitchell I do not hear a party go on . pete I either . the guy hurry up to the house . eli run to a bay window and look in . eli Julie , no ! you whore ! you fuck whore ... I love you ! Pete , Mitchell and Hunter run over and look in . Inside , they see a guy in a tuxedo plow a girl with a red prom dress hike up . her leg be in the air . pete we be too late ! hunter ( to Mitchell ) alright , Julie 's cherry be bust , but Sam and kayla could still be intact . eli wait , Austin 's not bald . the man now lean back and the guy can see it 's not Austin . it 's ron , 45 , bone he wife . pete oh , thank god . it 's just Austin 's parent . ron continue pump until he make a hideous o-face . the guy recoil in horror ! mitchell he be look at I when he finish . hunter shit , you know what that mean ... he load be in you soul . eli look at Hunter , be you serious ? Hunter shake he head , nah . eli smile and fist bump Hunter . Pete bang on the door and a wind ron open it . ron hey fella . what 's up ? 42 . pete where be the girl , ron ? ron come in . the guy step inside . ron 's wife cover herself . Hunter nod a hello at she . she smile shyly and quickly head upstairs . ron ( cont 'd ) alright , you get I . guilty as charge . the kid be not here . the guy be stunne . pete what the hell 's go on here ? ron just a little prom night role play . keeping the spark alive . you guy make it a exciting end . ( to Mitchell ) especially you . when we lock eye as I climax ? intense , right !? Mitchell look sick . hunter that 's fuck gross , ron . pete where be the girl ? ron who want a glass of pinot ? eli raise a hand . pete you lie about throw a post - prom party ? you call I to go over the snack list to make sure it be okay with Julie 's allergy . ron hey , have to sell it , right ? pete you be so specific . teriyaki - glaze beef jerky ? 43 . ron look , the kid just want to have some harmless fun without parent bother they . it 's prom . so do not bother they , okay ? eli one of you guy be gonna hit he , right ? hunter can we go ? it smell like semen in here . pete ( to ron ) where have they go ? ron I do not know . but they 's 1ll be back late tonight . safe and sound . Pete shake he head and turn to leave with the guy in tow . ron ( cont 'd ) Pete , hold up . Pete turn as the guy walk out . Long beat . ron ( cont 'd ) what be you so worried about ? Austin be a good kid . you know that . and there be no way that Austin be have sex with Julie tonight ... ron ( cont 'd ) -+. without a condom . I tell he how important it be to wear one . Pete head for the door and spot something on the table . it 's a condom . Pete pick it up and show ron . ron ( cont 'd ) ( remember ) you know , I do mention how much better it feel without one . that 's my bad . Pete storm out . 44 , ron ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) there 's no dispute that ! ext . limo - night the limo be park at the side of the busy highway . pass car honk as the boy laugh while they piss on some bush . int . limo - continuous Julie , kayla and Sam sip beer in the back of the limo . SAM at first I do not like beer . but with each sip , it get less gross . she take another big sip . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( wince ) so good ! kayla I can not get enough of the stuff . she take a long swig , clearly hat it . Sam take a long chug ; kayla match it . SAM want some , Julie ? it 's the best thing I have ever taste . julie no , beer taste awful . kayla totally wrong . Sam nod . they each swig again . SAM I can not wait to get with Chad . I be gonna bounce on he like a yoga ball . kayla I be go to ride dex like I be try to see it off . Julie shake she head , disgust . 45 . int . pete 's car - night Pete drive into town , no one say a word . hunter what 's the plan , Pete ? we can not just drive around aimlessly all night . eli should we check the hospital and morgue ? mitchell oh my god , they could be dead ! pete they be not dead . eli you be right . I be sorry . Mitchell take a deep breath . eli ( cont 'd ) can we make a quick stop at mickey dee ? I think the fume be affect I . pete we be on a mission here , eli . we do not have time - hunter just hit the drive - through , Pete . we have no plan and the kid need sugar . Pete sigh and turn into the McDonald 's drive - through . eli we be all frustrated . let 's just crush a mcflurry and get we head right . hunter what 's that ? eli it 's vanilla ice cream mix with oreos . Julie turn I onto they . they be terrific . 46 . hunter ( to eli ) order I up one of that bad boy , too . extra large , playa . eli nod . fist bump , then eli zip he window down . eli do you want I to ask if they be hire , Mr. forde ? mitchell fuck you very much , eli. hunter he 's only try to help . mitchell you be right . sorry , eli ... ask if they offer dental . eli nod . mcdonald's employee ( 0.s. ) welcome to McDonald 's . can I take you order ? eli yes , thanks . we have like - through the glass , Pete spot Julie hang out of the limo at the drive - through pick - up window . pete Holy shit , it 's Julie ! there they be ! the guy see Julie grab the food ( include a mcflurry ) and disappear back into the limo . eli told you she love the mcflurry ! mitchell get over there , Pete ! Pete nail the gas , then slam the brake -- there 's a car two foot in front of they . he put it in reverse , but there 's a car right behind they . there 's nowhere to go ! pete we be trap ! the girl 's limo leave the McDonald 's . 47 . mitchell they be get away ! eli Austin will probably use the mcflurry to stimulate she nipple . Hunter nod , definitely . Pete fume and turn the wheel hard . pete hang on ! he punch the gas and the car climb up the curb and tear into the bush lining the drive- through . eli fuck yeah , Mr. h! Bush debris fly all over the crowded parking lot and customer dive out of the way of the car ! finally free of the line , Pete fishtail onto the road . mitchell they be head toward Atlantic ! Pete make another sharp turn . Mitchell spot the limo . mitchell ( cont 'd ) there . that 's they ! Pete floor it . the shitty car shake like a bastard as he weave in and out of traffic . eli ( be : the car ) Christ , this thing 's a pile of shit . time for a new car , dude . mitchell ( sensitively ) you do spend a awful lot of time repair it . pete this be jessica 's car . hunter we know , man . we understand . Pete nod . 48. hunter ( cont 'd ) but you have gotta move on . if you work that widower angle properly , you could be blow you bag all over town . pete can we discuss this later ?! Pete finally catch up to the limo . its window be tinted completely black . the guy can not see in . pete ( cont 'd ) you be sure that 's they ? mitchell I be positive . I remember the license plate . hunter pull up next to it . Pete pull up beside the limo . Hunter yell out the window : hunter ( cont 'd ) pull the fuck limo over now ! Pete honk the horn . the limo accelerate ! hunter ( cont 'd ) what 's this driver do ? pete I have a bad feel about he when he fleece I for a extra ten buck ! mitchell he take I for fifty ! hunter you fall for that shit ? the limo crank a hard turn , desperate to lose the guy . pete what the hell ?! eli he 's take evasive maneuver ! Pete follow , gain on the limo . the limo suddenly take a impossible right turn , but can not make it . 49 . it clip the curb at a high rate of speed , and flip on its side , scraping along the street , shoot spark for 50 foot !! the limo head toward a bowling alley , where a sign display ten bowling pin sit atop two post . the limo slide between the post , take out eight of the pin , but leave the dread 7 - 10 split . the guy look on in horror . pete julie ! Mitchell be freeze in the car . Pete , eli and Hunter hop out and race to the limo ! pete ( cont 'd ) please be okay ! Pete and Hunter climb up the car and reach the door , which be badly dent . they struggle to open the door . finally , a bride and GROOM pop out of the sunroof . pete ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ! it 's not the girl ! it 's just some newlywed . in pete 's car ... Mitchell exhales , relieved . at the limo ... the guy help the couple out . pete ( cont 'd ) ( to the couple ) congratulation ! eli great dress ! on hunter ... .-+.- who help the limo Driver out . hunter ( to the limo Driver ) why do not you just pull over , man ?! 50 . limo driver would you pull over when a bunch of aggro asshole in a hoopdie be scream and wave at you ? Hunter nod , good point . he hurry back to Pete and eli , who talk to the couple but be back up toward Pete 's car . hunter let 's roll ! GROOM ( to Pete and eli ) some bump and bruise , but we be okay . God must have be look over we because - pete we get the idea ! sorry ! the guy hustle into the car and screech , they take off ! the couple eat exhaust . bride do you think you mother have something to do with this ? GROOM do not be ridiculous . the bride look unconvince . ext . STREET - night at the scene of the limo , a few policemen and paramedics surround the area . the cop look at the totale limo . hernandez lucky they walk away from this one . donohue yeah , they have get a big night of bone ahead of they . hernandez nod , excitedly . Donohue turn serious . donohue ( cont 'd ) that 's off the record . hernandez of course . 51 . donohue do you catch the description ? sound like we skell . hernandez yeah , exactly . donohue you believe the size of the scrote on this guy ? hernandez felony evade , reckless drive , maybe attempt vehicular homicide ? gigantic scrote ! donohue we nail they , we make detective for sure . hernandez it would be nice not to have to pick up dog shit at work . Donohue nod . they climb back into they cruiser . ext . gas station - moment later Pete gass up the car . the guy stand around . hunter ( glaring at Mitchell ) '' definitely they limo ? " mitchell there be definitely a six in the license plate ! pete this really suck . mitchell hey , at least you girl be with decent kid . kayla 's date have vd write all over he . hunter yeah , I would not be surprised if that kid have the hiv . mitchell oh my god , you be right . I do not even think of that . ( more ) 52 . mitchell ( cont 'd ) kayla 's gonna get aids . and not Magic Johnson aids . the bad kind . eli hey , I have a idea . eli whip out he phone and go online . he navigate to silver back 's home page . eli ( cont 'd ) check it out ! close on the web page : two huge gorillas growl angrily at each other , then one mount the other and they bang aggressively to a techno track . hunter that 's disturbing . mitchell why would you show we that ? I be not into it . eli no , look ! the girl be not answer they cell , right ? he point to the bottom of the page , which read '' to book , call Silver back 's cell directly . '' the guy exchange look , then Mitchell quickly dial . mitchell it 's ringing ! pete put it on speaker . Mitchell hit the speaker button . dex's voice ( 0.s . ) and ... go. mitchell dex ? dex's voice ( 0.s. ) no. mitchell ( reluctantly ) Silver back ? dex's voice ( 0.s. ) go for Silver back . 53 . mitchell it 's Mitchell . kayla 's dad . dex's voice ( 0.s. ) who ? mitchell Katie 's dad . dex's voice ( 0.s. ) oh , okay . what do you want ? mitchell listen , we be look for the girl . dex's voice ( 0.s. ) yeah ? mitchell I be gonna be straight with you . the girl be young and vulnerable and go through a rebellious stage , so they sign a pact to have sex with you guy tonight . Pete , Hunter and eli look like they could kill he . what the fuck be you do ?! click . dex's voice ( 0.s. ) thanks for the head up ! mitchell sure thing . we just need to know where you be . hello ? ( turn to guy ) ahh , must have lose he . Fucking t- mobile . the guy can not believe it . eli turn to Pete and Hunter . eli one of you guy be gonna hit he , right ? int . pete 's car - later Pete drive around aimlessly . everyone be silent ... worried . 54 . eli ( to Hunter ) I have a beautiful evening plan for Julie 's first time . pete here we go ... eli there 's a cozy little inn at the end of dune Road in montauk . it 's off the beat path , beyond the glitz and shallowness of the hampton . it 's nearly a hundred year old . it have a wrap -around porch overlook the Atlantic . Julie and I would stay there on the night we agree that we love for one another be eternal . we have walk along the beach after a romantic dinner , then back in we room , I have light a dozen candle and que up Michael buble 's '' come fly with I '' - - disc one , of course . hunter gotta go disc one . eli then we would kiss passionately for a while as we bath in the claw - foot tub , then climb into bed and once again proclaim we love , only this time allow we genitals to do the talk . pete more than enough . thank you , eli. eli indulge I , Mr. h . the fantasy be all that remain . follow a few hour of love- make , we have sit out on the balcony overlook the lighthouse . Julie would rehydrate with a gatorade as I massage she foot . we would sit there in silence , content , and listen to the wave crash on the beach . and perhaps , should it be the right time of year , we would be serenade by the migrate whale sing not far off shore . 55 . mitchell that sound nice . hunter it really do . eli nod and wipe away a tear ... eli a little later , round two . maybe reverse cowgirl . that look fun . hunter it 's fantastic . pete look , eli , we be run out of time . you know how this kid think . where could they be ? eli I would not know . I be not cool . hunter do not sell yourself short . you have get potential . and you be we best shot at find they . eli think about it . eli maybe Tina would know ... hunter ( of course ! ) Tina , right ! ( then ) who 's Tina ? pete seriously , Hunter ? she be one of Julie 's and Sam 's best friend . Hunter shrug . pete ( cont ’d ) she 's a really nice girl . they be always together until ... ( glance at Mitchell ) «.. recently . mitchell what ? eli nod . 56 . pete nothing . it 's just that she use to come around a lot more . I get the idea that kayla do not like Tina anymore , then I notice that Tina stop come around . mitchell so ? pete so ... I think kayla 's a bad influence . mitchell kayla be ? pete yeah , do not look so surprised . I mean , I be sure this pact be all she idea . mitchell kayla 's idea ?! how the hell would you know that ? they all sign it ! pete it be kayla 's handwrite ! and you see what she be wear tonight ! mitchell what 's wrong with she dress ? pete dress ? I think it be a belt . hunter he 's get a point , Mitchell . kayla seem way more sexually advanced than Julie or Sam . mitchell oh , right , like Sam would not know anything about sex ? you should have a turnstile on you bedroom door ! hunter hate the game , bro . mitchell i’1ll have you know that kayla be a girl scout ! 57 . pete she be a girl scout , so she could not be promiscuous ?! mitchell well , she 's a virgin be not she !? pete I know . that 's the most shocking part of this whole fuck night ! Mitchell shoot a death glare at Pete . hunter ( to eli ) girl scout be usually pretty easy . I finger blast so many girl scout when I be a kid that my pinky still smell like thin mint . eli 's jaw drop . mitchell just drive , Pete ! int . limo - night Austin make out with Julie . Sam , a bit tipsy , look over at kayla , then rub Chad 's thigh . Chad 's eye , among other thing , grow huge . he laugh nervously . kayla , also tipsy , lean over and rub dex 's leg . he slide forward , which move she hand on he crotch . she quickly remove she hand and he laugh . ext . tina 's house - night the house be dark . not a single light be on . Pete 's car pull up in front of the house . mitchell look like they be asleep . pete ( still annoyed ) really ? in the total darkness at night ? you think ? mitchell fuck off , pete. 58 . before the guy can get out of the car , eli be out and climb a tree in the front yard . Pete get out and hurry over to he . ext . tina 's house - continuous Pete look up at eli . pete what be you do ? eli this be the quick way to Tina 's room . her window be open . i’1l stop at nothing to preserve Julie 's hymen . Pete climb up the tree behind eli. pete stop say hymen . int . tina 's bedroom - moment later the room be light by moonlight . eli slip in the open window and sit on the bed . he shake Tina , who be pass out . eli hey Tina . be you sleep ? tina be 15 , but look young in she sleep gear and retainer , which make she lisp . tina what the fuckf be you do in my froomf ? she grab a trophy from she night stand and wield it like a weapon . eli Tina , it 's I . eli. from Mr. cristofel 's art class . how be you ? tina make onef moofve and I will bash you fskull . eli smile . 59 . eli sorry . it just sound funny with the ... she nod and remove the retainer . tina I will bash you fuck skull . eli better . much more menace ! Pete tap at the glass . Tina see Pete in the window . tina Mr. harrington ? what 's go on ? Pete climb inside the window and get a full view of Tina , who be very pregnant . pete oh , wow . I do not know you be - tina yeah , Julie do not want you to know . Pete sigh . pete look , Julie 's get in over she head tonight and I be try to find she . do you know where they be go after the prom ? Tina look hesitant . eli please , Tina ! help we save Julie from this ... ( stare at she belly ) ... huge mistake . Tina look offended . tina I be sorry , Mr. harrington . I have help if I could . you be a awesome dad . but I do not know where they be go . Pete nod , disappointed . 60 . pete okay , thanks . they turn back to the window , then Pete turn back to she . pete ( cont ’d ) you know , Tina , if you ever need any help ... tina oh , no , we be gonna be fine . pete oh , the father be still in the picture ? troy ( 0.s . ) yeah , still here . troy ( 18 , goofy ) , buck naked , spring out of bed . Pete and eli get a full frontal view . Pete reel backward and knock over a lamp , which fall with a loud crash ! tina's dad ( 0.s. ) ( shouting , enraged ) if he 's here again , I ’m gonna kill he ! tina everyone should probably leave now . Troy , Pete and eli scramble out the window as tina 's dad burst in swinging a baseball bat ! tina 's dad nobody run a train on my daughter ! the most experience , Troy be first out the window . Tina 's dad take a swing as Pete and eli dive out the window and onto ... ext . tina 's house , roof -— continuous Troy jump onto a tree branch , then hang and drop safely to the ground . Pete and eli get to the edge of the roof as Tina 's dad swing he bat . pete go , go , go ! Pete and eli inexplicably hold hand as they jump off the roof ! they grab the branch , then smile at each other , relieved . 61 . crack ! the branch snap under they weight . they crash down into a bush . eli fuck , that hurt ! they race to the car . Pete turn the key , but the car will not start ! ext . STREET - later the two cop be park eat a late dinner . hernandez pass a piece of burrito to Grizzly , who wolf it down . donohue no , do not give he jalapeno . it give he crazy gas ! hernandez look apologetic . a call come in : radio ( 0.s. ) sexual assault by multiple male suspect of a underage girl . 732 stuyvesant Avenue . suspect fle in a blue volvo station wagon . donohue that 's we guy ! ( on radio ) 324 . show we respond . hernandez they be escalate ! Donohue nod . he flip on the siren , whip the car around and head toward Tina 's house . int . police car - moment later siren blaring , the police car zip by Pete 's car , which slowly head in the opposite direction . the cop see it 's be push by Hunter , Mitchell , eli and a still - naked Troy . hernandez that be they ! Donohue spin the car around in a hard 180 ! donohue you think what I be think ? 62 . hernandez ( excited ) Grizzly ?! donohue turn he loose ! hernandez pop the door and Grizzly , the angry german shepherd , take off after the guy ! Donohue and hernandez give chase , too . on pete ... +. who wait for the car to gain speed . pete a little faster guy ! the guy push with everything they have as Grizzly quickly approach ! 35 foot . 25 foot . 15 foot ! hunter Holy shit ! the fuck dog be almost on we ! troy my genitals be expose ! Pete crank the engine and it turn over ! pete okay , get in ! the guy race to the open door and jump in . Grizzly take a swipe and bite Mitchell 's leg ! Mitchell pull with all he 's get and get free , but the dog rip off a chunk of he pants ! mitchell my capris ! int . car - moment later on pete as he drive . he hear the guy gasp for breath in the back seat . mitchell ( 0.s. ) I can not believe this . pete I know . she probably will not even finish high school . 63 . hunter her poor dad ... the guy ride in stunne silence for a moment . hunter ( cont 'd ) so , uh , Pete , be you gonna introduce we to you friend ? pete that 's Troy , Tina 's boyfriend . reveal : Troy , still naked , sit on Mitchell 's lap . troy hey dude . mitchell stop shifting . troy sorry . ( beat ) I know where they go after the prom . Austin 's my boy . give I a ride home and I will tell you . cool ? hunter yeah , cool . troy he say they be head down to the pier by battery Park . hunter battery Park ? they be go into the city ? Troy nod . the dad look very worried . hard CUT to : Troy stand on a corner , still naked , as Pete 's car peel out . troy hey , we have a deal ! ext . police car - night the cop load Grizzly back into the car , frustrated . 64 . hernandez what the hell be this guy into now ? donohue pretty obvious . sex trafficking . hernandez nod . the guy suddenly catch a whiff of something and make a disgust face . donohue ( cont 'd ) you see ? the jalapeno ! ext . manhattan - night the incomparable NYC skyline glow brightly on this clear night . int . pete 's car —- moment later Pete fly down the FDR toward battery Park . the guy look out the window , concern grow on they face . hunter I can not believe the kid be in the city alone . do not they know how dangerous this place be ? eli Word be , kayla 's into the Saturday night rave scene downtown . mitchell she be not . she go to Pete 's house on Saturday night . she and Julie take guitar lesson . pete uh , no . mitchell no ? pete no . Julie tell I that she and kayla be take guitar lesson at you house on Saturday night . Pete and Mitchell be stewing . 65 . hunter great . that mean Sam be mix up in whatever the hell they be do on Saturday night , too . eli Nah , they do not hang out with Sam . Hunter look surprised as Pete and Mitchell share a look . eli ( cont 'd ) Julie go to Austin 's place on Saturday night . Pete look at eli. eli ( cont 'd ) ( reluctantly admit ) I have follow she a bunch of time . Pete 's not sure whether to be happy or angry about that . eli ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , Mr. H. I have binocular and to my knowledge , nothing other than light to moderate petting have occur . hunter wait , what do you mean they do not hang out with Sam ? eli kayla do not like Sam . Julie still do , but Sam 's not in the crew anymore . hunter she 's not in the crew ? be it ... be it drug ? eli no . she hang with the art freak now . hunter Art freak ? eli nod . Hunter be floor . hunter ( cont 'd ) why could not it have be drug ? 66 . eli it all happen during spring break . she do not tell you ? Hunter shake he head . eli ( cont 'd ) pink streak in she hair . Dead giveaway . hunter ( to Mitchell ) what the fuck ? kayla be too good for Sam ? give I a fuck break . mitchell it have nothing to do with we , Hunter . I feel really bad about it . pete I , too ... hunter you know about this , too ? pete yeah , I assume you know until you say something about the girl in karate class . they have not do that in year . Hunter sigh . pete ( cont 'd ) sorry , man . I think it be obvious that something be wrong with she . hunter I do not even notice ... Hunter sit back , feel terrible ... ext . battery park area - night the guy walk around the pier along New York Harbor . drunk and stone kide be everywhere . mitchell we be never gonna find they down here . they spot some prostitute on the corner . 67 . hunter maybe they have see the girl . the guy head over . prostitute # 1 hey handsome , you want a date ? pete no , thanks . but maybe you lady can help we . prostitute # 2 I be sure we can , sugar ! pete great . we be look for some young girl . mitchell Fifteen year old . hunter very cute . mitchell two brunettes and a blonde . pete the blonde be mine . the prostitute look at each other with disgust , then one whip out a gun and the other a baton ! a police siren wail as a police car fly around the corner and blast its high beam on the terrify guy ! prostitute on the ground , scumbag ! ! pete no , you do not underst - she crack Pete behind the knee with the baton and he drop like a sack of shit . the undercover cop cuff the guy . just then , the kid 's limo pull up . on the kide ... as they file out of the limo , they spot the guy lay on they belly on the pavement , get cuffed . they be not close , so they do not recognize they . 68 . julie what a bunch of loser . kayla pervert ! the kid walk down a pier over which hang a banner that read '' booze cruise around the statue of LIBERTY ! '' Austin step across the gap and onto the boat . he help Julie cross onto the boat . dex hop on next and head inside . Austin help kayla and Sam aboard . kayla ( cont 'd ) thanks , Austin . austin of course . on the guy ... .+. who spot the girl , but it 's too late as the kid board a party boat . hard CUT to : ext . STREET - later Mitchell , Hunter and eli be handcuff , lean against a wall . mitchell I guess you will never get to play with Debbie 's pom pom now . hunter I do not give a shit about Debbie . I be worried about Sam . one of the female undercover cop walk over . undercover cop so let I get this straight , you be two of the girl 's father ? ( off they nod ; to eli ) and who be you again ? eli I be the neighbor slash love interest . Mitchell raise he cuffed hand . 69 . mitchell question . be you currently hire ? I feel as though I could be a real asset to the force . undercover cop ( look he up and down ) I do not see it . on pete , who speak with maya , one of the undercover cop dress as a prostitute . she 's very attractive . Maya pop the cuff off and Pete rub he wrist . pete thanks for not take we in . I be just try to do the right thing here . ( struggle to maintain he composure ) sorry , it 's be a long night . Pete drop he head . Maya pat he arm . maya I be a single parent with a teenager , too , so I know how tough it can be . cut yourself some slack . they share a smile . on eli and hunter : eli gesture to Pete and Maya . eli check it . that hot lady cop be into Mr. H. hunter too bad he will not do anything about it . eli what should he do ? hunter she 's throw off serious signal . now 's the time to break the spacial barrier . touch she . gently , but in a firm way . something that say '' I be here for you . I care deeply . my cock be here with we , too . '' 70 . eli he 's not do any of that . hunter no , there 's no room in he life for anyone but Julie . on pete and maya as the other guy and the other undercover cop walk over : maya I live right near you . take my card . if there 's anything I can do . or if you just want to ... ( shrug ) ++. call I sometime . she smile . Pete smile back . there 's real chemistry here . pete I no really like - undercover cop apology for the beat down , but this area be full of scumbag just wait to get they filthy hand on young , naive girl so they can get they hook on drug and turn ‘em out . next thing you know , this poor girl be so strung out on crank , they can not keep track of which vein still work or whose dick they be suck . Pete and Maya 's nice moment have be decimate . pete on that note ... Maya nod . ext . pier - moment later the guy look out at several party boat in the harbor . pete we be gonna need a boat . hunter there ! the guy hurry toward a dock with several boat . 71 . eli so , Mr. harrington , do you get that chick 's math or what ? pete what be you talk about ? hunter give it up , Pete . it be so obvious . she take forever patting you down . eli you should tear that ass up ! fist bump with Hunter . mitchell eli , some guy will have sex with any woman who come along . other of we want to be in love first . hunter and that 's why Mitchell 's only have sex with two woman . Mitchell offer no rebuttal . eli my only frame of reference be porn . but be sex really different when you be in love ? pete yes , eli . it be . hunter I would like to disagree , but the truth be , I can not . I remember the first time I make love to my wife . it feel like a earthquake . I can not even put it into word . it 's a beautiful memory . eli wow . hunter I still beat off to it sometimes . eli wow , that sound amazing . 72 . hunter it really be ... eli how many time do you cum in she face ? int . boat - night a post - prom booze cruise be raging as it cruise toward the statue of Liberty . Austin walk over with a drink for Julie . she smile . he kiss Julie 's neck , but she 's distract . she watch Sam down beer from plastic cup . SAM drink up , you fuck loser ! everyone around she cheer and drink . kayla throw back a beer , overwhelm by Sam 's pace . julie be right back . Austin grab she gently and whisper in she ear . austin I have a huge boner right now . julie that 's sweet . Julie walk over to Sam , who be wasted . julie ( cont 'd ) hey guy . fun , huh ? SAM um , yes . kayla amazing . julie be you okay , Sam ? SAM yeah , I be great . julie ( quietly ) maybe you should slow down . 73. SAM maybe you should speed up . kayla I gotta piss . SAM yeah , I three . kayla and Sam walk away , leave Julie stand there look concerned . int . boat - moment later kayla and Sam approach the bathroom and see a long line . Sam tap a big guy on the shoulder . SAM be that the line for the crapper ? he nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) fuck . that . Sam head back outside . curious , kayla follow . CUT to : ext . boat - moment later kayla laugh while stand near the bow of the boat , which cruise by the statue of LIBERTY . SAM ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) I be the king of the world ! reveal Sam sit over the boat railing , pissing . SAM ( cont 'd ) hold my leg , bitch ! kayla , still laugh , grab Sam 's leg . Julie hurry out and grab Sam 's other leg . julie Sam , get down ! SAM Lady Liberty fight for my right to do this ! ( more ) 74 . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( off Julie 's confuse look ) make yourself useful , Julie . Hand I that cocktail napkin . Julie hand she a napkin from under a Beer cup on the railing . Sam take care of business and hop down . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to kayla ) alright , I will help you , then we get back to the guy . cuz 's we gotsta’ get some dick tonight . Julie look at kayla , who look out over the railing . SAM ( cont 'd ) do not tell I you be scared . kayla of course not . SAM then go ! kayla can not back down now . she climb up . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be let you go overboard if you shit . Julie look even more concerned . ext . pier - night the guy walk along the pier , look for a boat . eli that one ! eli point to a gleaming speedboat . hunter yes , that 's exactly what we need . we can speed out there in no time and do it in style . Pete and Mitchell nod . they see a guy next to the boat and the hurry out to he . pete hey ! 75 . the guy look over . pete ( cont ’d ) we be in a bit of a bind and need a boat . would you rent we yours ? guy she 's my pride and joy . I would never rent she . pete we have cash . guy I be listen . pete how do a hundred buck sound ? guy lift he leg and let out a growler of a fart . his point have be make . smellily . pete ( cont 'd ) sound like a hundred will not cut it , guy . the guy dig into they wallet and add up what they have get . hunter we have get four hundred and seventy two buck . guy deal . but you have to be careful on the motor . she 's real sensitive . Hunter hand the guy the cash . the guy excitedly climb into the beautiful boat . guy ( cont 'd ) hold up . what be you do ? pete take out you boat . guy that 's not my boat . that 's my boat . he point to a shitty wooden skiff with a tiny engine . the guy look piss . 76 . int . boat - moment later on the dance floor , kayla try to keep up with Sam , who thrust she pelvis at Chad . kayla slither seductively down dex ''s body and bob she head , simulate blow he , then slide up and bite he lip . dex you know , Austin get a hotel room tonight . kayla yeah ? dex definitely . we will get one , too . do not worry about the money ... we can split it . kayla I have gotta be home tonight . dex so do Julie , so they be get a hotel close to home . kayla oh . well , I do not know if - SAM fuckin 's a right , we be all gonna need room ! Chad look surprised . dex Nice . I will reserve one for you , too , bro . chad ( tentatively ) uh , yeah , okay . ( try to be cool ) definitely . dex that 's what the fuck I be talk about ! dex aggressively high fives Chad , mangle Chad 's hand . he hide the pain and quickly grab a cold beer in he hand to soothe the pain . 77 . chad a non-smok room , please . dex I be not sure about you , bro . Sam grab the beer and pour it over she mouth , wear more than she drink . SAM woococ00000000000 ! ! ! 1 ! dex laugh , then smack kayla 's ass as he walk away , cell phone in hand . kayla continue dance , but something be different . she look nervous ... the reality of the pact be settling in . she see Julie look over and smile , then dance again . ext . new york harbor - night the guy be cramme on the skiff as it slowly chug out into the choppy bay . it 's a rough ride . mitchell can this thing go any faster , Hunter ? hunter ( sarcastically ) oh , yeah . Way faster , but I think we should take it slowly . enjoy the sea air . eli good one . Hunter nod . mitchell ( be : a party boat ) that one ! pete be you sure ? mitchell yes ! later ... 78 . the guy approach the party boat . there be no one on the deck , but they see glimpsis of people inside the boat in tuxedoe and gowns . they tie the boat to the side and all climb aboard the ladder . the music be pump on the boat . int . party boat —- moment later the first tuxedoed guy they encounter be in he 30 and drunk . he look surprised to see the guy . mitchell geez , this kid look older and older every year . the guy hear a man talk on a mic : man ( 0.s . ) thanks everyone for celebrate with we today . I be sure you have all hear by now ... the guy enter the main cabin of the party boat and see a man at a podium -- it 's the GROOM the guy run off the road ! GROOM we almost do not make it here this evening . wait - be that ...? all eye turn to the guy . bride Son of a bitch ! they be back to finish the job ! pete no - the bride whip the cake knife across the room . Pete duck and the knife stick in the wall ! GROOM grab that guy ! several guest step toward the guy . mitchell sorry , wrong boat ! hunter ( to Pete be : Mitchell ) why do we keep listen to he ?! 79 . pete let 's haul ass ! the guy take off ! they run out on the deck . Hunter turn to climb down the ladder , but there 's no time . pete ( cont 'd ) go! Pete shove Hunter , who fly off the deck and hit the water next to the boat ! Pete and eli jump into the water . a elderly woman grab Mitchell , who shove she , then jump , landing hard in the boat ! mitchell ahhhh ! the guy scramble into the boat and Hunter crank the tiny engine ! on the party boat the bride look at the Groom . bride be you sure this be not you mother ? GROOM pretty sure ! both look at the GROOM 's mother , suspiciously , as she do the chicken dance . guest throw thing at the boat : shoe , the wedding cake and a ice sculpture , which put a split in the floor of the skiff ! on the skiff pete gun it !!! they move away from the party boat as the skiff take on water . eli I think we be safe . the guy look momentarily relieved . suddenly , Pete and Mitchell in the front of the boat be move away from eli and Hunter in the back of the boat . the boat have split in half . 80 . ext . new york harbor - later the four guy hold onto a chunk of the boat and kick they way back toward the pier as the girl 's party boat cruise by in the distance . mitchell I bet that 's the girl 's boat . pete ( no shit ) thanks , Mitchell . eli this suck . the rumor I have hear about the motion of the ocean and all that , any truth to that ? hunter I be afraid so . when I have my boat , I do more offshore drilling than BP . later ... the party boat dock and the guy see the girl and they date step onto the pier . on the guy ... «+. still kick . pete / eli juuuuulieeeeeee ! !!!! mitchell kaaaaaaaylaaaaai ! 111 hunter they can not hear you , guy . forget it . it 's over ... they watch , helplessly , as the kid get into the limo and drive away . eli ( get upset ) I be sorry I find the pact , guy . I should not have be snooping in Julie 's room in the first place . 81 . pete none of this be you fault , eli . this be on we . tonight be about we failing as father . mitchell yeah , kayla 's act out because she 's embarrassed of I . she probably do instigate this whole thing . pete no , Mitchell . I be sorry about say that . mitchell no , it 's probably true . I want my kid to respect I , but I can not even find a job . I be not worthy of they respect . hunter well , I do not even know Sam be be exclude . I be so wrap up in my own shit that I have no idea about the pain she must be feel . I do not know anything about she . Hunter be choke up . the guy look at he - they have never see he like this . hunter ( cont 'd ) the truth be , I be terrify of she . I expect to have a boy . what do I have in common with a 15 year old girl ? so I just ... I do not even try . I be a terrible father . Pete put he arm on Hunter 's shoulder . pete there 's plenty of blame to go around . when I lose jessica , I try so hard to be Julie 's friend that I smother she . she be desperate to prove she independence . I drive she to this . beat . eli realize he 's the only one kick . eli be you guy count on the tide here or what ? 82 . int . pete 's car - night back on Long Island , Pete exit the highway . the guy sit silently , soaking wet and feel horrible about themselves . eli you guy should not be so hard on yourselves . at least you be around . my dad leave when I be six . hunter his loss , eli . eli nod a '' thank you . '' he start to sob . Hunter put he arm around eli. hunter ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be okay . eli yeah , it 's just that all my hope and dream be dead ... and my pain be just beginning . I bet Julie and Austin will be do it all the time now . once you pop , you can not stop . hunter Julie be a terrific kid . but you will meet someone else . eli I do not think so ... they drive past a 7 - 11 and Pete spot something . pete Holy shit ! Pete whip the minivan into a u-turn and screech to a stop in the 7 - 11 parking lot . mitchell what be you do , Pete !? Pete point at Seth , the limo driver , walk into the 7 - 11 . mitchell ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) I tell you there be a six in the license plate !! 83. int . 7 - 11 - night the guy rush over to Seth , who lean against a slurpee machine , enjoy a cold one . seth what can I do for you fella ? hunter you know what we want . seth coupla 's eight ball ? pete we daughter . they be in you limo tonight . seth oh right . I have love to help you out , but I be not at liberty to say where they go . because of limo driver / passenger privilege . confidentiality and all that . ( rub finger together , look for a bribe ) you understand . mitchell I give you fifty buck earlier tonight ! seth I be back to funeral until next summer , man . do you have any idea how poorly grieve people take hint ? out of cash , the guy look defeat . suddenly , a fist connect with Seth 's jaw , knock he down . the guy look over at eli , who rub he hand . hunter Nice . eli I know none of you would hit he . pete ( to Seth ) where be they ? 84. seth ( struggle to get it out ) I just drop they off at the courtyard by Marriott . as the guy look on , eli turn on the slurpie machine which pour a steady stream of blue slurpie onto Seth , who remain on the floor . eli exit the 7 - 11 as a man . hunter ( be : eli ) the kid 's ball drop tonight . Mitchell nod , impressed with eli . ext . pete 's house - night hernandez and Donohue sit in they cruiser stare at Pete 's house . the radio chirp to life . radio ( 0.s. ) assault and battery at the 7 - 11 1738 West Babylon Turnpike . multiple male suspect in a blue volvo wagon . cop look at each other and nod . donohue 324 . show we respond ! hernandez pump a fist ! Donohue hit the gas ! ext . courtyard by marriott —- later the boy get they key at the front desk as the girl wait outside . kayla well , this be it . she look right at Sam , who do not flinch . SAM can not wait . kayla nod . julie it 's not too late to back out of this thing , you know ? 85 . SAM why would I do that ? I be all about the cock . kayla I be also pretty much all about the cock as well , so ... julie this conversation be foul . the boy walk out of the lobby and the three couple split up and head to they room . SAM okay , well ... we be go to we room now . kayla we be go to ours , too . the three couple stand there awkwardly for a moment until Julie and Austin walk away . dex the fuck be we wait for ? Sam grab Chad 's hand and start walk . kayla nervously walk away with dex . Sam look back at kayla , who be look back at she . neither flinch ... int . pete 's car - continuous Pete fly down the road until the guy spot the police cruiser again , light on and siren blaring . hunter shit ! mitchell no , not now ! not now ! Pete turn hard . int . police car - continuous the cop smile . hernandez this clown think they be get away ! 86 . donohue not this time , buddy ! int . pete 's car - continuous Pete spot a second police cruiser join the chase . he turn hard again and the two cruiser follow . hunter another bogey ! suddenly , a police helicopter appear in the sky , spot light blast on Pete 's car . mitchell oh crap ! eli Eye in the sky ! Pete whip the car down a alley and they emerge in a commercial area . the spotlight still shine on the car . hunter we can not shake it ! mitchell this be a dead end ! helicopter cop ( 0.s. ) he 's get nowhere to go . pete there ! Pete point to a parking garage . mitchell that 's crazy . we will be trap ! Pete slide hard into the parking garage and fly up the level . in the cruiser ... hernandez be on the radio . hernandez suspect have drive into a parking garage on Lafayette and Grand . only two way in or out . we will take the North entrance . 87 . second police cruiser ( 0.s. ) copy . we have get the East entrance . the cruiser drive into the two garage entrance . hernandez ( into radio ) suspect surround . we have get it from here . thanks for the help . int . helicopter - continuous the helicopter circle . helicopter cop Roger that . the helicopter bank and take off . int . garage - continuous the garage be dark . Donohue turn the corner onto the fourth floor and spot Pete 's car slowly drive toward they at about 2 mile a hour . donohue what the fuck be this guy up to ? Donohue stop the cruiser and the two cop hop out , gun draw and point at Pete 's car . the cop from the second car stand behind they door , also with gun point . Pete 's car pick up speed down the slight decline . donohue ( cont 'd ) stop the vehicle and get out with you hand up ! nothing . the car continue toward they , only twenty foot away . Fifteen foot . ten foot . Donohue motion to he partner and the two OPEN FIRE !! Glass explode ! the car continue toward they and the two cop step to the side to avoid the slow - move vehicle . the car hit the wall ! Donohue nod to hernandez , who approach the car , gun still draw . Donohue and the other two cop hang back . hernandez reach out and whip open the driver 's door . hernandez hand up , motherfuckers !! 88. the car be empty . the car be in neutral . the cop look confuse . hernandez ( cont 'd ) shit ! he kick Pete 's car . donohue let 's search the garage . if they be not here , we will check the hotel . this guy be go down . int . parking garage - first level CUT to : the guy all sit in a minivan with a smashed - in driver 's window . the electronics hang below the steering wheel . the engine idle . hunter ( to Pete ) I guess all that work you do on jessica 's beater pay off . Pete nod , but look upset . mitchell it 's alright , Pete . you will get the car back . eli ( sotto ) when you get out of prison . pete okay , here we go . Nice and easy . Pete slowly pull the minivan out of the garage , flip on the light and casually cruise away from the parking lot . int . courtyard by marriott - night Soft music play . Austin light a couple of candle . it 's romantic ... for high school kid . austin what do you think ? julie it 's really nice . 89 . he smile . they kiss on top of the make bed . austin you be sure you want to do this , right ? julie yes . austin thank you ! Julie laugh . julie stop ask . I love you and I want to be with you . austin I love you , too . Julie stand and unzip she dress . it drop to the floor . Austin stare at Julie 's body . austin ( cont 'd ) thanks again ! Julie laugh and get into bed . int . kayla and dex 's HOTEL room - night kayla check out the room while dex lay on the bed . he look like a cheetah about to pounce on a weaken gazelle . kayla the room be bigger than I expect . dex I nil show you something bigger than you expect . kayla chuckle nervously . kayla should we order some room service ? dex oh be you hungry ? I get something that will fill you up . he smile , pleased with himself . 90 . dex ( cont 'd ) ( to clear up any potential confusion ) I be talk about this . he grab he package . kayla yeah , I get that . he pat the bed next to he and she reluctantly sit down . he move in aggressively for a kiss . his tongue whip around like a weed whacker . int . SAM and chad' HOTEL room - night the hotel room be fill with sound of slurping . SAM ( 0.s. ) ( mouth full ) how 's that ? chad ( 0.s. ) too much tooth . on chad , who look uncomfortable . reveal Sam suck aggressively on he ... toe . SAM I be go to eat you alive . chad uh , okay . Chad could not look any more confuse . he flinch repeatedly , try hard to stifle he laugh reflex . chad ( cont 'd ) no , not the pinky toe ! SAM fuck yes , the pinky toe ! he 's my bitch ! not sexy . chad you know , this be not do much for I . can we try something else ? SAM I think you have never ask ... gl . int . minivan - night the car fly down the road toward a light that turn red . mitchell Red light ! Red light ! Pete blow the light . honk !!! Pete swerve , narrowly avoid a accident with a truck ! out of control , the minivan screech a hard turn into the parking lot of the hotel . the back of the minivan fishtail , take out a bush and the neon vacancy sign . smoke rise from the crush sign as the minivan stop in front of the lobby . ext . courtyard by marriott - continuous the guy charge out of the minivan . down the hall , the Groom be carry the bride across the threshold . they spot the guy and look terrify . GROOM ( sotto ) okay , it 's true ! my mother never like you ! he rush into the room , bang she head on the door jamb , then slam the door . int . courtyard by marriott - moment later Mitchell step to the front desk and ring the bell . nothing . impatient , he pound the bell . a HOTEL clerk appear from the back room and slide the bell away from Mitchell . HOTEL clerk can I help you gentleman ? mitchell yes . we be look for we daughter . it 's prom and we have reason to believe they be stay here . HOTEL clerk we get a lot of kid on prom night . we usually have to burn that sheet . 92 . mitchell terrific ! this be a picture of they . Mitchell show a picture on he Motorola razor . the Hotel clerk squint . HOTEL clerk sorry , what be I look at ? mitchell this be the kid in front of the limo . HOTEL clerk how old be this phone ? I can not make out shit in this picture . maybe you could draw she . mitchell just let we see a list of the hotel guest . HOTEL clerk sorry , buddy . no can do . mitchell you can not or will not ? HOTEL clerk both , I guess . Mitchell shake he head . mitchell I do not want to do this . Mitchell move he hand below the counter and make the sound of a shotgun be load . mitchell ( cont 'd ) you be go to give we that information now , be not you ?! HOTEL clerk because you just make some half - ass gun sound ? I could see you mouth . Mitchell turn to the guy . mitchell I need to work on that one . 93 . Pete sigh . he lean closer to the Hotel clerk and take a softer tone . pete look , buddy , do you have kid ? the Hotel clerk nod . pete ( cont 'd ) it 's prom night and we teenage daughter be in you hotel somewhere with they date . they be about to make the biggest mistake of they life . Pete turn and face Mitchell and Hunter for effect . pete ( cont 'd ) none of we have be perfect father . but tonight -- right now -- we have a chance to make up for all the mistake we have make and save we girl from do something they will regret for the rest of they life . Hunter pat Pete on the back . Mitchell nod , emotional . pete ( cont ’d ) so I be ask you , one father to another . what do you say ? HOTEL clerk ( emotionless , shrug ) I have boy , so ... eli approach the counter and start swinging , but he can not reach the bewilder Hotel clerk . eli you bastard ! the guy drag eli away . mitchell I give up . I be gonna get some air . Mitchell wink at the guy and leave the lobby . Hunter look at Pete , who shrug . hunter what the fuck do we do now ? run up and down the hallway scream they name ? 94 . the phone ring and the Hotel clerk answer . HOTEL clerk hello ?.. a bomb , huh ? yeah , I should probably evacuate the room then , I guess . the Hotel clerk nonchalantly hang up the phone . HOTEL clerk ( cont ’d ) can you let you friend know I can see he through the glass ? the guy look out the window and see Mitchell stand right in front of the lobby on he cell . he give they the thumb up . pete I have a idea . Pete take out he cell . int . kayla and dex 's HOTEL room — continuous kayla be stand at the sink in the bathroom look at herself in the mirror . dex ( 0.s . ) ( frustrated ) you know , I could have go to the prom with a million other girl who would love to be here right now . kayla I all be right there . dex oh , hard to get , huh ? dex walk into the bathroom . dex ( cont 'd ) you can skip that shit . I know all about the pact . he lean into she and start kissing she neck . kayla look surprised ... and scared . int . SAM and chad' HOTEL room - continuous Sam dry hump Chad , who try to squirm away until he find himself on he belly . Sam be grind against he back . 95 . SAM dude , you be do it wrong . he slip out from under she and land on the floor . chad I be sorry ... I be not ready for this , Sam . SAM what ? ( be : he hard - on ) you seem ready . chad well , I be not . I can not have sex with you . SAM seriously ? Chad nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) be it someone else ? chad yes . it 's jesus. ( beat ) I make he a promise . I give he my word to stop at third . Sam look repulse . later ... ... maya , the woman cop , still dress as a prostitute , show she badge to the Hotel clerk . he reluctantly slide a sheet of paper to the guy . it 's get the girl 's room number on it . hunter thanks , asshole . Mitchell look at a help wanted sign on the desk . mitchell ( gesture toward it ) what 's the situation here ? HOTEL clerk uh , yeah , I be not hire you . 96 . mitchell yeah ? well , I be not really interested anyway , so ... whatevs . ext . lobby - moment later the guy all exit the lobby together . pete I do not know how to thank you . maya buy I a coffee sometime . pete I would like that . ( to the guy ) let 's bring we girl home . Mitchell and Hunter nod and take off . Pete int . Pete int . Pete eli it be my pleasure take on this mission with you , Mr. H. whatever happen -- hymen or no hymen -- you be a great father . nod and leave the lobby with Maya . HOTEL hallway - night and Maya rush down a hallway and into ... elevator - continuous frantically hit the 4th floor button . maya what be you go to do when you get to the room ? pete I have not think that far ahead . maya so this guy she 's with . Real scumbag , huh ? pete what ? no , he 's a nice boy . they have be dating for over a year . 97 . maya oh , I guess I just assume ... pete no , it 's just ... Julie and I be really close . and I do not even know she be plan this tonight . maya well , I remember when I tell my dad when I be about to have sex . great memory ! pete really ? maya no. never happen . Pete think about it as the elevator climb . int . HOTEL , hallway - night Hunter race down a long hallway . he stop in front of a room and bang on the door . it swing open on its own . hunter Sam ? be you in there ? Hunter step inside the room . hunter ( cont 'd ) I be come in ! anything inside my daughter be come off ! he find a empty room . the bed be a mess and look well use . hunter ( cont 'd ) I be too late ... he collapse into a chair and sit with he thought . he start to break down . he cry quietly . ext . HOTEL lobby - continuous anxious to follow through on the pact , Sam walk to a heavyset man in he late 20 at a vend machine . SAM hey old - timer . get you late night grub on , huh ? 98 . he look around to see if she 's talk to he . she be . heavyset man yeah , just get some m&m . SAM ( seductively ) I like m& ms too . original , peanut ... I love ‘em all . heavyset man that 's good . SAM wanna fuck ? the heavyset man look surprised . he nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) then let 's get you out of that huge clothes . eli , pace outside the lobby , spot Sam as she and the heavyset man walk down the hallway . eli Sam ? SAM eli? eli walk over to she . eli hey , what 's go on ? SAM ( eat m&m ) I be gonna go do this old dude because Chad fag out on I . eli oh. Sam turn and head into the guy 's room ... eli ( cont 'd ) wait . eli walk over and the heavyset man go to shut the door . eli stick he foot in the door . 99 . eli ( cont 'd ) I do not think you should bang this guy . he seem like a complete loser . no offense . despite eli 's comment , the heavyset man do appear offended . int . kayla and dex 's HOTEL room — continuous dex be on top of kayla on the bed . he 's kissing she aggressively . he slide he hand up she shirt . kayla alright , slow down , dex . dex I be a gorilla , baby ! kayla no , you be a asshole ! dex do not stop . int . hallway - continuous eli continue reason with Sam . eli I know you want to fit in . we all do . Sam drop she head . eli ( cont 'd ) but you do not have to do this . you do not have to do ... ( with disgust ) he . he 's a zero . again , no offense . the heavyset man be offended again . Sam look at the guy , then at eli . eli ( cont 'd ) you have always be really sweet to I . I can not just let you do this without try to stop you . I mean , look at you . you be beautiful . and look at this guy . Sam look at the heavyset man , who try to suck in he gut . she smile at eli. eli ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . 100 . she think about it for a moment , then turn to the heavyset man and hand he the bag of m&m . SAM sorry . he nod as she leave with eli. int . hallway - continuous Pete hurry down a hallway . pete ( realize ) I can stop she tonight , but what about tomorrow night ? what about next week ? maya at some point , you have to trust that you have do a good job with she and let she live she life . pete yeah , I know . but she 's only 16 . maya how old be you when you lose you virginity ? caught . Pete swallow . pete I do not see how that 's relevant . she shoot he a look - of course you do . int . HOTEL hallway - night Mitchell run up to a door and check the number . this he tentatively knock on the door . mitchell peanut ? he hear kayla inside : kayla ( 0.s. ) I say get the fuck off ! be it . 101 . Mitchell step back from the door . he 's freaking out . suddenly , he step back and ram the door hard with he shoulder . it make a lot of noise , but do not give . he try again . still nothing . he look down , lift he capri pant_leg and look at he large calf . he quickly kick the door handle and the door finally give way ! int . kayla and dex 's HOTEL room - continuous Mitchell run into the room ! dex what the fuck ?! kayla quickly cover herself , mascara run down she face with tear . Mitchell grab dex by the throat . dex throw a punch and Mitchell block it . Mitchell unleash a devastating uppercut blood explode across dex 's face as he go to the floor . dex lose a front tooth . dex groan as he roll around on the floor . kayla jump into she father 's arm . mitchell be you okay ?! she nod , a tear stream down she face . dex who the hell be this guy ?! kayla that 's my daddy , asshole ! Mitchell be take aback by she call he daddy . kayla ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , dad . mitchell it 's okay , baby . let 's get out of here . kayla kick dex in the gut on the way out . ext . HOTEL - moment later eli and Sam sit on a bench near the lobby . she smile at he . he realize how pretty she be . 102 . SAM I be so embarrassed . eli do not be . we be kid . we be suppose to make mistake . she laugh . eli ( cont 'd ) if you wanna talk about it , I be here for you . he reach out and stroke she arm gently , but in a firm way . she eli Sam Sam SAM I feel so much pressure because my friend be in such a rush to do everything . it be a mistake . I be not ready to go all the way . eli I totally get it . you 'il know when you be ready . SAM I be more comfortable now . with you . look at he , this be he window . eli you have have a lot to drink tonight . I do not want to take advantage . SAM I puke four time . I be good now . consider the offer . eli as much as it turn I on to hear that , you say yourself , you be not ready . look disappointed . Long beat . eli ( cont 'd ) do you think you mouth be ready ? smile . 103. int . HOTEL hallway - continuous Pete and Maya get to Julie 's room and Pete hesitates . he take a deep breath and raise he hand to knock on the door . he linger , then drop he hand . pete I have have a hard time move on from my wife . Julie will be go to college soon and I 'il be alone . Maya put he hand on he shoulder . pete ( cont 'd ) and now ... I be not even sure I be do this for Julie . he sigh . pete ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here before I change my mind . Maya nod and slip she arm through Pete 's . they walk away . pete ( cont 'd ) how about that cup of coffee ? maya ( be : she hooker outfit ) maybe after a change of clothes ? Pete smile . ext . courtyard by marriott - night Hunter walk toward the car as eli and Sam walk out from a row of bush . eli look elate ... and spend . eli and the season be right , so we will be able to hear the whale serenade we . SAM I can not wait ! ( beat ) bring you serenity bluray . eli beam . hunter sweetheart ! 104 . SAM oh , hey dad . Hunter run over and grab Sam and to she surprise , hug she . he wipe tear from he eye . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be fine , dad . nothing happen . Hunter pump a fist . hunter I be sorry I have not be a better dad . I should have know you be go through a tough time with you friend . SAM it 's okay . hunter no , it 's not . I have not be involved enough in you life and you be the most important thing in the world to I . Sam smile . hunter ( cont 'd ) but it 's not too late . I be gonna make it up to you . okay , sammy ? SAM ( emotional ) I would like that , dad . they hug again . Sam take eli 's hand . hunter what 's that about ? eli you be right . I can move on . I love she , Hunter . Hunter take a moment , then nod . Sam smile . ext . HOTEL - night Mitchell and kayla walk out of the hotel. 105 . mitchell you know , kayla . I know you be embarrassed of I . and I do not blame you . I be sure it 's not easy have a dad who 's unemployed . kayla you be unemployed ? mitchell ( stunne ) yeah . go on eight month . ( beat ) if you do not know , why be so embarrassed of I ? kayla I be a teenager . I have my own issue . if it make you feel any better , you be no more or less embarrassing than anyone else 's dad . mitchell thanks , peanut . that mean a lot . they approach the minivan . kayla whose minivan ? mitchell we have to steal it to ditch the cop . i’1ll explain later . or not . kayla smile , impressed . kayla ( sotto ) bad. ass. kayla climb into the car and hug Sam . kayla ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be such a bitch to you . SAM do not worry about it . kayla Friends again ? Sam nod . kayla notice eli who smile and nod to she . 106 . kayla ( cont 'd ) what 's he do here ? SAM he 's with I . kayla cool . Pete and Maya walk over to the guy . suddenly , the police cruiser fly into the lot . mitchell oh shit . pete ( resign ) we know this be gonna happen . mitchell ( hugging kayla ) it be worth it . hunter ( nod ) time to pay the piper . the cop hop out with they gun draw ! donohue on the ground , asshole !! the guy put they hand up . hernandez handcuffs the dad and eli . suddenly , dex come stumbling out by the lobby . Donohue spot he . donohue ( cont 'd ) poindexter ? what be you do here ? on kayla and SAM SAM poindexter ?! kayla laugh . on donohue donohue what the hell 's go on ? ( be : he bloody face ) what happen to you , son ? 107 . dex do not know what to say . he look at the kid , then turn to Donohue . dex it 's not my fault ! she sign a pact ! CUT to : ext . courtyard by marriott - moment later Donohue talk with Mitchell , Pete and Hunter as hernandez uncuff they . pete we will pay for all of the damage . thanks for not take we in . donohue thank you for not press charge . I promise he will not get a free pass on this . on kayla and SAM ... --- who look at eli , still handcuff . kayla I think I get why you be into eli . he 's kind of a bad boy , huh ? SAM I think he might be . on donohue ... ++. who grab dex by the ear and drag he to the police car . dex now look like the large boy he still be . donohue get in the car right now ... and no turntable for a month ! dex but dad !! Donohue slam the car door . he and hernandez get in . Grizzly lick and slobber on dex 's face . he look miserable as they drive off . on pete ... ... who turn to Hunter , Mitchell and eli. 108 . pete what a night , huh ? mitchell awful . hunter crazy . eli best night of my life . pete it be something , alright . Hunter begin to laugh hard . they look at he . pete ( cont 'd ) what ? hunter Mitchell have two more daughter ! everyone laugh but Mitchell . Maya pull up in she car . pete I will see you guy later . Hunter , Mitchell and eli nod to he as Pete climb into the car . Hunter hop in the minivan driver 's seat . hunter now how about that mcflurry ! the minivan drive across the hotel parking lot . its front bumper drag , then fall off as the minivan peel out onto the street . int . pete 's house - late night the front door open and Julie walk in quietly . a loud noise come from the kitchen . julie dad ? she walk ... int . kitchen - continuous «+. where she find Pete stand on the opposite side of the island . 109 . pete hey , sweetheart . how be you night ? julie it be ... amazing . Pete nod , know far more than he should about she night . pete ( sincerely ) I be glad . julie thanks for let I go . pete ( recognize the double meaning ) it be not easy ... julie I know . I be glad you be my dad . Pete smile . julie ( cont 'd ) I be tired . I be gonna head up to bed . Pete nod . Julie stop and turn back to Pete . julie ( cont 'd ) how about the first week in August ? Pete look confuse . julie ( cont 'd ) for we camp trip ? pete what about Austin and you friend ? julie I wanna spend some time with you . pete sound perfect . julie I love you , dad . pete I love you , too , sweetheart . 110 . Julie lean across the island , give he a kiss and walk out of the kitchen . it 's a nice moment as he stand there , think . a reverse shot reveal Pete 's bare ass . Maya be crouch down naked next to he . they start laugh . pete ( cont 'd ) that be close . maya I will get go . pete no. stay . I want to introduce you two tomorrow . Maya smile as we ... fade out