diamond Dead by Brian Cooper AG production Ltd. 11570 dona evita drive Studio City , CA 91604 ( 323 ) 822-1957 ext . factory ruins - night 1 whiff of fog drift across the darkness as the moon emerge from behind the cloud illuminate crumble cement block and twisted steel overgrown by weed . aria do winter , dress as a goth girl , climb over the cement block carry a bouquet of rose . she be in she mid forty , she face be care wear . the year have not be kind to she . she lay the rose on the ground and step back . aria I miss you guy . my life have be a fuck up mess without you . this whole thing be not fair . aria sit down among the rubble , think to herself . behind she a imposing apparition pull itself from the swirl fog . it glide silently over the debris grow more solid as it advance . it silently glide up behind aria . when it raise its head , it be some kind of long dead alien monstrosity . it be death . death I say , I say . strange place for flower . she do not bother to look up . aria I suppose . death I say , I wonder if you can help , mar 'am . direction - wise , that be . aria turn around but do not seem to be bother by the apparition . death I say , I be look for soul . four long - haire hippie type . look like girl on the wrong end of the ugly stick . aria huh ? death stiff . dirtnapper . Corpus delectia in the post humus sense . dig the wax out yer ear , mar 'am . I be talkin' English , be not I ? aria who be you ? death I be a death , mar 'am . mortis extermis , esq . my card . aria a death ? death that 's what I say . my mouth be movin ' so I must be talkin' . I say , mar 'am , pay attention , ya may learn somethin' . lot of people croak every day . logistically - wise one death can not handle the load . be you follow I here ? aria sort of . death the world need more than one death . aria so , what be you do here ? death balance account . I have four soul unaccount for . it 's very unusual for soul to stay under for that long . they be like lumpy gravy . they usually float to the top before the meat go bad . aria well they be down there somewhere . death stare at the ground chagrine . death well . baste my butt and call I vittle . I do declare , that 's more diggin ' than a man oughta do in my condition . I give up ... I need a break . aria you need a break ? death who 's gonna give I a break , I ask in mock ignorance and a general air of forebode ? aria how ' bout I ? death why I do declare , I think I may laugh if it do not jostle my coccyx so much . aria why not ? beat sittin ' on my ass . I be a real people person . I be slightly immoral and I temper all discussion with a nihilistic anticipation of general disaster . death lean against a tree and a dozen bird fall off the branch and hit the ground dead . death it 's a awesome responsibility . aria so 's voting . death I say , I say . there 's power that go with the title . aria a perk ! cool . death take this scythe . he hand she he scythe . aria what kind of power ? death life and death . forward , reverse . close on scythe there 's a switch on the side of the handle that read : " forward " and " reverse . " back to scene aria rad ! death alright little miss spooky pants , you have one year . you allotment be one person a day . and on all hallow Eve when the clock strike the hour of the wolf - that 's midnight eastern standard time - if you have not meet you quota by then you forfeit you own soul and all that you love will be erase from existence . death begin to walk away . death ( cont 'd ) have fun . do not kill anyone I would not kill . knock yourself out mortality - wise , that be . aria hey ! where ya goin ' ? death I be go to get laid . thanks babe . ( to himself ) Nice girl , but a little on the creepy side . death depart . the sky blacken with storm cloud . lightn strike explode around aria . she lower the scythe to the ground and hit the reverse switch . a blue arc of electricity explode from the scythe slashing to the ground . the ground tremble . the electricity swirl around aria and the year fall away leave she decade young and beautiful . the ground begin to crack , we hear muffle scream . suddenly a mummify arm erupt from the earth hold the diamond Dead guitar by the neck . freeze frame on the diamond dead guitar title up : diamond dead ext . grand quignol - night 2 a old gothic theater . the marquee read : " dr . diabolicus and the diamond dead . " int . grand quignol theater lobby - night 3 mathias stark a nervous and nerdy type in he twenty , be polish a brass rail on the staircase . there be a pound on the door . mathias open the door and come face to face with two sheriff . sheriff 1 Mathias Stark ? mathias yes ? sheriff 1 hand he some official look papers . mathias accept the papers , then swat at a moth with they . sheriff 1 pursuant to the order of the court , I be serve you with this foreclosure notice . mathias hey , you be make a mistake . I get one more day to get the money ! puzzle , sheriff 2 leaf through papers on he clipboard . sheriff 2 ( turn to he partner ) I tell ya October have thirty one day ! sheriff 1 we will be back . mathias I do not think so . I get this fantastic rock act diamond Dead play tomorrow night . ( point at a diamond Dead poster ) I 'il have the money right after the show . they give he a doubtful look and leave . ext . grand quignol - night 4 the lobby light turn off , then the sign , and finally the marquee light . a few block away fog roll in eerily light with blue light . Inside the fog , lightning flash . the thick fog roll past the theatre as mathias lock the front door for the night . mathias fog. cool . mathias stand in front of the theatre , turn around and look up at the marquee proudly . he shove he hand in the pocket of he leather jacket , step backwards and smile . mathias ( cont 'd ) I still own a theater . life rock ! the street be desert and quiet . all we hear be the buzz of the power line and the neon in the marquee sign . then somewhere in the fog mathias hear the sound of soupe - up engine . they become louder . mathias stare into the fog but he can not make out anything . High on a pole , a transformer explode send a electrical surge down the street . a street light explode and go dark and then another and another . mathias ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? a winge wraith like shape streak past mathias , almost knock he over . it 's unearthly feed - back scream echoes down the street . mathias turn around but see nothing . mathias ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! aria Mathias Stark ? mathias turn around . aria be stand in front of he with a sinister smile on she face . she wear a top hat with a veil and a black dress . mathias yaah ! aria do I scare you ? mathias yes. Jesus Christ . aria good . I be aria De Winter mathias you be with the band , right ? aria no . they be with I . mathias do you hear fourtwentynine engine with header , fuel injector and two inch straight pipe ? cuz I do . aria that 's the road crew . four customized hearse appear out of the fog . the driver be dress in nineteenth century livery . they stop in front of the theatre and wait , unmove . mathias awesome . aria be not it ... mathias you agent say you would be here tomorrow . aria it be tomorrow -- three past twelve . mathias I be sorry . I be just go home . a tall gaunt man step from one of the hearse and walk up to aria , he arm outstretch . he hold a scythe on a purple satin pillow . aria thank -you , rasputin . I will catch up later . she take the scythe . the man bow slightly and walk away . aria ( cont 'd ) I bet you be a terribly fascinating little boy , Mathias . kinda sexy in a innocent sort of white meat way . aria twirl the scythe like a baton . aria ( cont 'd ) would it be alright if we go inside and start set up ? mathias sure . I will open up for you . aria do not bother . we get it . the lobby light turn themselves on , then the sign and the marquee . mathias hey ! how would you do that ? aria Magic . we be in show business . mathias wow . aria c'mon . let 's you and I get a cup of coffee down the street and leave the boy to do the grunt work aria tuck she arm around mathias and lead he down the street . aria ( cont 'd ) you be kinda small , be not ya ? kind of feminine feature . mathias well , I ... aria do not worry . I like girl , too . mathias I think I be in over my head . aria not yet , but if you be lucky , who know ? mathias help . aria and mathias walk down the street . camera push past Mathias and aria into a window and we be in : int . jack and geena' apartment - night 5 jack and geena be in they live room . jack be a young punk in he mid-twenty : Mohawk , shred clothes , ridiculous feature . geena be he roommate : young , beautiful with long dark hair and mischievous eye . they be sit in front of the tv look catatonic , watch a infomercial as if on thorazine . geena well , where do you wanna eat then ? jack I do not care . where do you wanna eat ? Long silence . geena let 's just take a walk and we can figure it out later . jack okay . neither of they stand up . they continue to stare at the tv . geena c'mon . jack I can not . the radiation from the tv have drain my will to resist its electronic seduction . I have no will of my own . turn it off . geena I can not . you turn it off . jack oh , God . we be doom . geena victim of a technology we cannot control . 10 . jack reach over the side of the couch and grab a shoe . jack if I can ... just .. reach .. my shoe . I can ... ugh ! he throw the shoe . it hit the off button on the tv . geena thank God . jack that be close . we gotta find that remote . geena no shit . ext . jack coffee shop - night 6 a seedy run down dive . the neon sign explode leave only a few glow letter . the sign now read '' jack off shop '' . int . jack coffee shop - night 7 mathias and aria be have coffee . aria you look nervous . mathias I be not nervous . I always look this way in case something weird happen . aria have you ever see a diamond Dead show before ? mathias no . but I hear a song or two ... okay , that 's a lie , I never hear of you guy until you agent call last week . do not hate I . aria so you be say the only reason we be book be because we call first . 11 . mathias I inherite the theatre from my uncle . you have a band . I have a place to play . next week I get devo unplugge and crosby still nash and johnny rotton . that 's gonna suck . but hey , I be just stare out . aria that 's fair . mathias how long have you guy be together ? aria forever . awhile , couple week decade , eon , a couple epoch . thank the mother it 's almost the apocalypse . I hate time . mathias do you have any music I can listen to ? aria that 's not important . what be important be that you listen to I . mathias um ... okay . aria do you scare easily ? mathias yes . like right now when you ask , do you scare easily I think I just piss a testicle . I be kind of high strung . aria I be just say that spooky shit may happen . but do not worry . it will all work out . mathias do not worry ? say , " do not worry , " to someone like I be like a cop say , " Bend over , this be a cavity search . " what 's to worry about , aria ? 12 . mathias ( cont would ) be you a band of satanic killer or something ? because if you be I want it on the record that I be not a virgin . aria you seem like a nice guy . it 's just that we attract a weird crowd . thing do not always follow a natural pattern with we . mathias sound like my sex life . aria really . mathias no , but I like to fantasize . aria playfully slide she heel up Mathias 's leg digging in for a second . Mathias be nervous and arouse . aria ready to go back to the theatre ? mathias look embarrassed and uncomfortable . mathias um no . I be just go to sit here for a few minute . if that 's cool with you ? aria suit yourself . aria exit . mathias squirm in he seat , grab some ice cube and drop they down he pants . ext . STREET - night 8 jack and geena walk down the street carry some junk food . suddenly jack stop in front of a telephone pole . jack hey geena , check it out . geena what ? on the pole be a poster for the diamond Dead . 13 . jack diamond Dead be come . they be so mythic , they be so underground , they be a rumor . and the scum of the earth be goin’ to come out to see they . geena look like a dirt head metal poser band to I . I think you hate heavy Metal . jack Dr. D be not heavy Metal . they be a ... they be a hard - core grunge wave rockabillie band . yeah , a kinda techno dance neuromantic retro glam hip hop be bop slamarama mosh squash . goth meet David Lee roth . c'mon , you know . geena they look like a Metal band . jack yeah , well ... they be , but they be good . can we go ? huh ? can we ? huh ? please , geena ? please ? geena you white trash be show , Jack . jack it be ? I be sorry . we gotta go , geena . it 's go to be rock history . no - one have ever see they do a show . please . please . geena Fine . we can go . jack really ? geena sure . jack let 's get in line for ticket ! we need sleep bag and shit . you go get the supplies and I will save you a spot . 14 . she roll she eye . they see four hearse in front of the Grand quignol . jack where do you suppose someone can get a hearse at this time of night ? geena kinda strange , be not it ? jack good strange , or bad strange ? geena all strangeness be good . it help break up the monotony . a gaunt figure step out of the darkness . it be death . death I say , I say . hello , kiddie . jack and geena start . jack and geena yaah ! fuck ! death up past you bedtime ? geena you dick ! death I be kinda hope I could get you autograph . death produce a long contract from out of nowhere . it unroll into the street for about ten foot and then stop , release a tiny terrify rat like creature that be trap inside . it scurries away into the darkness squeaking in terror . jack why ? geena yeah . what for ? death a trade . 15 . geena what kind of trade ? death I give you backstage pass and I get you immortal soul . geena damn ! Jack and I already sell we soul to madonna for a couple T - shirt and a case of beer . across the street the roadies be carry four coffins into the theatre . another angle aria be walk to the theater on the dark street and notice death with the kid . she stride up to they . aria ( to Jack and geena ) hi guy , not to be rude or anything , but I gotta talk to morty here . hope you do not mind . she give they two backstage pass . the marquee suddenly SPARKS up , shower the street and death aria be go . jack whoa ! geena shiiit ! ext . alley - night 9 death lean against a dumpster . aria , scythe draw , be ready for a fight . aria what the fuck be you do here ? death why , I have do give ya power over life and death . now , we have a bargain . you be suppose to deliver soul by the deadline . I be not see ya whakin’ nobody . 10 14 16 . death ( cont would ) you do not deliver missy , and I be gonna have to do ya and you friend . and that include that little freak I see ya cattin 's around . aria I have till midnight . i’1l take care of it . death well , I be gonna have to hang around and make sure you do . aria Fine . go nut . just do not get in may way . death you will not even know I be around ... death step backwards and merge with the wall and disappear . aria be leave to think about death 's imply threat . ext . STREET - morning 10 mathias walk to the theatre . the street be completely cover in diamond Dead poster . a huge billboard advertising the " Holy Church of good intention " be replace with the band 's logo . a bum sleep in a doorway have a poster glue to he back . mathias round the corner and find the front of he theatre mobbed with rock and roll fan , protester , tv truck , police , and t-shirt vendor . mathias be this hell ? he push he way to the front door , fight off reporter and scream diamond dead fan . int . grand quignol lobby - morning 11 pussy A. dangle , the oh-so-hip vj from ntv ( nerve Television ) and she cameraman be in front of the crowd . 17 . pussy this be pussy A. dangle , live from the Grand quignol theatre , somewhere in the cultural hell we call the Midwest . the excitement build for the legendary rock band that everybody worship but have never see , the diamond Dead . mathias enter , stunne by the mess in front of he theatre . the camera light flash in he eye and he be blind . pussy ( cont 'd ) I be talk live with Mathias Stark , owner of this wonderful new pop oasis and host to America 's latest contender for the shock rock crown , Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . tell I Mathias , what be Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead really like ? be the rumor really true ? be you in fact sleep with aria De Winter , the band 's rhythm guitarist ? mathias what ?! ! pussy do the diamond Dead really practice satanic ritual before every concert ? mathias I do not sleep with Ms. De winter !!! I just meet she . we talk . I hardly know she . pussy be it true that member of the band have felony warrant in Romania ? any comment ? mathias stare at the camera , stunne . mathias um ... I need coffee . mathias run up the stair to he office and slam the door . 18 . int . mathias ' office - day 12 a quaint place , but not without charm . ramshackle antique furnishings , a sofa-bed on the side , a desk face the door . the stage illuminate by the work light can be see through a window . mathias burst in and find aria sit on he desk provocatively . aria hello , lover . mathias ( startle ) do not you start . oh my God . it 's a nightmare out there . Reporters cop , craze fan . aria that 's the biz . mathias 's eye travel down she body to she fabulous leg . mathias look , aria . you be a sweetheart and I would sleep with you in a hot second . I be a simple neurotic manic depressive . I sleep with two woman in my life . it be a disaster both time . I do not do well under sexual pressure . so if you must , let 's get it over with so you disappointment will not be too humiliate . he close he eye and grit he tooth . aria what be you talk about ? mathias collapse on the couch . mathias oh , God . I dunno . I be craze . I be sick . I freak out . I need coffee , goddamit ! aria I will get it . mathias thank -you ! and God bless you ! 13 19 . aria go to the coffee maker . aria you can not let this stuff get to you . do I a favor , just go with it . pretend it 's all a dream . mathias that 's hard . if this be a dream , I would be better- look and you would be naked . aria yeah , well , it 's still early . mathias you be great . she hand he the coffee . aria I know . if it 's any consolation , the place be sell out . so you just relax . I will handle the crowd and the media circus . mathias thanks . aria exit . mathias , feel impending disaster spill he coffee . ext . grand quignol - day 13 pussy be interview the crowd . pussy look at I , America . I have it on good authority that the member of this band be in fact dead . a hearse screech around the corner and the fan start scream . a particularly craze fan run into the middle of the street . fan 1 diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! I wanna be just like you guy !! the hearse run he over . 20 . fan 2 ugh ! pussy stand over the road- kill kid . pussy diamond Dead . Teen idol or the avatar of death . who the hell do this guy think they be ? let 's ask the fan . pussy grab a particularly stupid-look metalhead burnout . pussy ( cont 'd ) so . what do you ... metalhead diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! pussy um ... Excuse I . metalhead diamond Dead ! pussy pardon I . metalhead diamond Dead ! fuckin ' a! fuckin ' b! the metalhead be completely out of control , so pussy knee he in the groin . metalhead ( cont 'd ) bogus . pussy I be pussy A. dangle with ntv . talk to I . metalhead you be not gonna rack my bone again , be you ? pussy tell I about the band ? metalhead diamond Dead rule ! diamond Dead rock . 21 . metalhead ( cont would ) they be the most ultimate , most penultimate , most non - non ultimate fuck band ever !! pussy why ? metalhead huh ? pussy why be they so great ? metalhead uh ... fuck ... uh ... pussy well ? metalhead well , I dunno , cuz they be , like , dead ? you know diamond Dead ... what do you want from I ? pussy how come you like they ? metalhead shit . you be a real bitch . pussy ( to the camera ) there you have it . the diamond Dead defy description . they elicit total mindless adoration from they fan ... metalhead ( tap she on the shoulder ) I just think why I like they . pussy why ? metalhead well ... um ... they get great T - shirt . 14 int . veronica's dungeon - day 14 a riding crop strike a bare ass . mistress veronica vinyl be busy flog jimmy joe billy bob scrugg . 22 . veronica you disgusting worm ! lick my boot while recite " the cat in the hat " in esperanto . reverend yes , mistress . veronica what be you ? reverend a worm , mistress . a little horny worm . veronica and what be I ? reverend you be mistress Veronica vinyl . the goddess unto which all man must give they undy devotion and credit card number . a man enter . he be one of the scrugg ' zealot . zealot reverend scrugg ! reverend scrugg ! there 's something you have to see . ( to Veronica ) Excuse I , mar 'am reverend how many time have I tell you not to disturb I in my retreat of contemplation ? zealot I be sorry , reverend scrugg , but if the nice leather lady could stop contemplate you for a minute . there be something you must see . veronica what the hell . you be a prepay . the zealot plug in the tv . reverend this have better be worth it . the zealot turn on the tv . we see the circus outside the Grand quignol . 23 . reverend ( cont 'd ) what be this ? zealot the 69th sign , sir . the dead shall rise out of the ground and they shall walk among the live . veronica oh , please . reverend it 's fake . it have to be . zealot no , sir . reliable source tell we that they be in fact the rise child of the demon asteric the emphasize . reverend Lord protect we . zealot amen. veronica sheesh . could you leave now ? zealot be you very expensive ? veronica very . reverend leave we ! call forth the flock . I will be down in twenty minute . veronica one hour . reverend one hour . the zealot exit . veronica where be I ? reverend Little horny worm . 24 . veronica you little horny worm . reverend yes , mistress . 15 int . loading dock - day 15 diamond Dead tour truck be unload equipment into the theatre as jack and geena approach wave they pass at anyone who will look . jack hi , I be Jack shit . I be suppose to be here . I get a backstage pass . geena see ! backstage pass . we get backstage pass . we be cool . jack bump into rasputin . jack ( play the snob ) pardon I . but do you have any grey poupon ? geena move aside , mere drop of water . let the ocean pass . 16 int . mathias ' office - day 16 mathias be in he office , lie on the couch . aria knock on he door and stick she head in . aria ready to meet the rest of the boy ? mathias be there any reporter out there ? aria we be meeting pussy A. dangle backstage . mathias that 's the woman . I will stay here . aria c'mon ! 17 25 . mathias aw ! do I have to ? aria do not be a baby . mathias sheesh . that 's like tell elvis , " do not be dead " . she give he a look and leave . int . backstage - day 17 the place be a flurry of activity . roadies move equipment box . one of they be bounce up and down like something be alive and piss off inside . one roadie push a rack with hang side of beef past pussy stand next to the dress room door . rasputin , the security guard , wear a headset and carry a uzi have take up he post opposite . rasputin ( into headset ) I do not care what kind of ritual it be . tell Bob the sheep 's skull be for band use only . pussy ( to she camera ) Security be tight around here . twenty groupies rush the green room , scream . sniper armed with gun appear out of they hide place and fire at the craze bimbos , drop they in they track . there be no blood . pussy ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! rasputin ( calmly into he headset ) Blue spook to Big boo . can we have a cleanup crew to backstage dress room c? over . pussy oh my God ! oh my God ! oh ... my ... God ! rasputin ( to pussy ) can I see some id ? 26 . pussy you shot that bimbos ! rasputin id ? pussy hand over she press credential . pussy I be pussy A. dangle from ntv . I make arrangement with aria De winter ... you ... you ... you shot that poor groupy ! rasputin hang on a minute . ( to headset ) Blue spook to Big boo . I need a press verification on a pussy a . dangle . pussy that poor teenybopper . you kill they ! rasputin no , we do not , mar 'am . tranquilizer dart . pussy what ? rasputin Dr. diabolicus endorse the n. A. H. T. 0 . G. B. B. f. i. pussy who ? rasputin the National Association for the humane treatment of groupy bimbos , and bad female impersonator . we will attach a small radio transmitter and then release they into they natural habitat . we do not harm the bimbo in any way . pussy Natural habitat ? 27 . rasputin Shopping mall , biker rally Republican political fund - raiser ... it 's all very control and we be save thousand of bimbos from extinction every year pussy really ? rasputin here come Ms. De Winter now . aria and mathias arrive . aria pussy A. dangle . I be aria De Winter and this be Mathias Stark . mathias we meet . rasputin Dr. diabolicus and the rest of the band will see you now . but first a word of warning . pussy yes . rasputin they hate bright light . they hate stupid question . and most important of all ... pussy what ? rasputin do not put you finger near they face . pussy why ? rasputin they bite . pussy bullshit . 28 . aria c'mon , rasputin , you be scare we guest . rasputin no . they do . rasputin hold up he leave hand . two finger be miss . pussy Holy shit ! mathias I be not go in . aria rasputin ! stop it . rasputin all I do be wave to Dr. diabolicus and he bit they off . he would have eat my whole arm if I have not shot he . mathias you shot he ? aria he 's exaggerate . shut up now , rasputin . rasputin do not hurt he but it give the gaffer time to drag I away . aria thank you for share , rasputin . he 's such a kidder . let 's go in . rasputin hey , do not worry , I get worker ' comp , so I be happy . aria can we go in ? rasputin sure . they be a bunch of swell guy . honest as they enter rasputin chuckle quietly to himself . 18 29 . int . dressing room - day 18 a large room . aria , pussy , mathias and the cameraman enter . the dress room be very poorly light . the outline of four coffin can be see against one wall . four dark silhouettes be sit on the couch . a long bony hand reach for a beer sit on the end table . everybody talk in a whisper . pussy it 's very dark in here . aria we like it that way . the band nod in unison . a weird distort chuckle echoe around the room . pussy I do not think the camera be go to be able to pick up much in this light . mathias that 's probably for the best . well , not much to see here . let 's go get a espresso . aria I will tell you when you can turn on the light . pussy oh. fine. aria be you ready ? cameraman Rolling . pussy ( to camera ) this be pussy A. dangle backstage with Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . so , guy , what 's it feel like to be star ? dr . D it feel a lot like not be a star , only with a lot more money . 30 . pussy so , why the darkness ? why the mystery ? spyder syn raise two sock puppet on he hand which do he speak for he . one be cute , the other be distinctly evil . he wear a iron mask and a long cape that conceal he emaciate anatomy . his hair , which stick out of the top of he mask , be parte in the middle . one side be dyed white , the other black . spyder syn - good puppet we shun the light . we eye and we soul be attune to the darkness . glitter be a tall mummify cadaver , make up like a french whore . his once outlandish glitz wardrobe hang on he like a scarecrow . glitter sunlight dry we skin . we all have very sensitive skin . dr . D we do not go near water either . pussy why ? spyder syn - good puppet we do not want to re-hydrate . dr . D that would be bad . glitter ooooh . can you imagine ? all the midol in the world could not stop that bloat . yuck . pussy who 's the man on the end there ? bartholomew bangz wear a tear tank top T-shirt and leather pants . despite he emaciate condition , he arm be overdevelop and muscular . his face be a freeze sneer . he remind people of sid vicious , if sid be a beef jerky . bangz ( loud ) fuck you ! 31 . aria that 's bartholomew bangz . he do not talk much . bangz fuck you . I fuckin ' talk like a fuckin ' parrot . listen to I talk ! I be fuckin ' talk right now . you just do not want to fuckin ' listen to what I fuckin ' have to say . fuck ntv . fuck this band . fuck you all ... thank you ... and fuck you . dr . D bangz be cool . bangz fuck you . pussy so . what do you attribute you sudden success to ? dr . D we be dead . spyder syn - bad puppet yup. Dead . glitter Dead Dick dead . bangz fuckin ' dead . fuckin ' dirtnap dead . fuckin ' stiff city . aria Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead be America 's first authentic dead band . pussy how do you mean dead ? dr . D Dead . Dead . un-live . inanimate . uninvolved . glitter we be decease . bangz so , fuck you . 19 32 . aria pussy , dear . you be about to see America 's ultimate product for a death fixate society . you be in the presence of the first completely dead band . lady and gentlemen , I give you ... Dr diabolicus and the diamond Dead . aria turn on the light . the visitor react in shock . the four cadaver smile at the camera . glitter wave . pussy ( scream ) Jesus ! mathias they sure smell dead . mathias stagger against the wall and slide down . dr . D I be Dr. diabolicus , lead singer and all round charismatic guy . this be spyder syn. proof that cruella De ville get a sex change . spyder hold up one of he sock hand puppet . spyder syn - bad puppet hi , America . dr . D this be glitter . the man . the music . the accessory . and bartholomew bangz . thinker . philosopher . bangz fuck you . dr . D he 's deep . pussy start to puke . mathias in shock , shaking he head in disbelief , be mumble to himself . int . backstage - later - day 19 paramedics be wheeling pussy out of the dress room on a stretcher . geena and jack watch the reporter pass . 33 . geena be that pussy A. dangle ? jack kinda look like she . geena seem awfully sick . jack kinda green and water - eye . geena wow . she look much better in real life . jack definitely . aria and mathias exit the dress room and walk down a passageway . mathias be noticeably agitate . mathias what 's go on here , aria ?! they be dead ! aria look Mathias . it 's all cool . come over here and sit down . aria lead he to a quiet corner and sit he on a equipment case . mathias they be dead . they be really dead . and not like in a kinda cutesy hippie dippie grateful dead sort of way . that fucker be dead ina smelly road kill squishy way . where the heck do you all come from ? aria oh , thank God . she sit down on a plastic chair in the corner . aria ( into camera ) I have be dread the awkward setup for a flashback scene ... ( to Mathias ) ... but you get we over it like a pro . 20 34 . mathias thanks . aria well , it all start in 1982 ... flashback ext . hollywood STREET - day 20 a dilapidate vw microbus speed through the LA warehouse district . the bus turn a corner , and roar onto a dirt road toward a board up and abandon garment factory . " unsafe '' and '' condemn " sign be tack up everywhere . the W skid to a halt in front of the building , raise a huge cloud of dust . the door open and the band , now alive , step out and begin to unload they equipment . aria climb on the roof of she bus and sit cross -legge , watch . glitter do we suck last night , or be I the only one ducking bottle ? bangz we suck . we always suck . if it be not for we consistent suckiness , we would not have any consistency at all . glitter I be depressed . dr . D fuck you both . bangz be all this swear absolutely necessary ? spyder syn kiss my ass . dr . D c'mon , let 's get this shit unload . aria realize she 's be ignore and jump down from the bus . aria I wanna play . 35 . dr . D aria , please . we have have a shitty night . we get stiffe on the door . we blow a amp . spyder get the clap from Laura . spyder syn I do ? glitter she tell we last night . spyder syn that bitch . dr . D ... and he just find out he knock up another chick . spyder syn God , I be a creep . dr . D aria baby , I would like to go inside in peace . be that okay with you ? aria be angry to the point of tear as Dr. D and the band turn they back on she and enter the factory . aria you prick ! she sit down on a equipment case and begin to cry softly . glitter stop at the door , set down he arm load of equipment and walk back and sit down next to she . glitter I do not think you two will ever get along . forget about he aria . aria so , I be fuck . all I want be to be a_part . spyder stick he head out of the door . spyder syn hey , glitter , bangz get a new " rupture subwoofer . " it 's fuck huge . 21 36 . glitter ( to aria ) be you come ? aria follow they in . int . basement - day 21 the band live in a typical squatter camp . the band 's equipment and the huge " rupture subwoofer " amp dominate one side of the room . the band stand in front of the monolithic sound monster , look up in awe . dr . D that thing look scary . spyder syn it be scary . bangz I see a rupture subwoofer kill a squirrel at that Rolling Stones show in Berkeley . the poor little blighter just explode . I do not think we should use it outside . I do not want to kill any animal . the band look at one another . dr . D whoa . kill a squirrel . bangz the who do not have one . glitter really ? bangz just the Stones and we . dr . D crank it ! aria sit down on a big black box that be plugge into the subwoofer . the band begin to play a song . she notice a sticker on the box she be sit on . 22 23 37 . insert danger ! do not operate rupture subwoofer with out connecting resounce filter . extreme danger ! back to aria a wick smile cross she face . she reach down and pull the plug on the resounce filter . immediately , the vibration from the subwoofer begin to shake the room . aria get up quietly and exit . as the band play , plaster fall off the wall , glass explode everywhere . trickles of blood run out of the band member ear and nose . ext . factory - day 22 as aria drive away the foundation shake and the building 's window explode behind she . aria be unaware that the entire building be collapsing on top of the band , bury they . end of flashback back to mathias and aria . 23 aria it bum I out for a long time ... mathias wow . I think I be the only person to have a subwoofer near death experience . aria it 's more common than you think . mathias how do they come back to life ? she check she watch . aria look sweetie , I do not have time for this right now . we get a sound check in a few minute . kinda mini preview . why do not you just go back to you office and I 'il catch up with you later . 24 25 38 . mathias um ... no. I wanna see . aria be you sure ? mathias no , but it 's kinda like watch a horrible car accident about to happen . I can not turn away . aria I feel that way about shopping . mathias one question . aria sure . mathias you be not dead , be you ? aria of course not . I be much worse . she exit . ext . grand quignol - day 24 the house be mobbed with reporter and fan . int . dressing room - day 25 aria answer the phone . with she in the room be dr . D and the band . aria okay , okay , we be come . ( to band ) place . dr . D let 's rock and roll . bangz fuckin ' A. glitter go girl . 26 27 28 39 . spyder syn kick ass . aria whatever . int . grand quignol auditorium - day 26 the stage be in darkness . geena and jack be center front . the band appear on -stage rise out of explode grave , and begin to play the intro to song '' Necrophilia '' . dr . D 's hand fall off . a roadie run out , find it under a piece of equipment and reattach it with a roll of duct tape . Dr. D talk to the audience . dr . D I would like to dedicate this song to all you necrophiliacs out there . glitter amen . dr . D if it be not for filthy pervert like you , we would never get laid ! Dr. D start sing Necrophilia , which continue over next two scene . ext . white house - day 27 establish . ext . white house lawn - day 28 the president , follow by secret service agent be walk toward a wait helicopter display the presidential seal . a marine guard be stand at the step . a aide hand a portable phone to the President aide Oklahoma , sir . you cousin reverend Jimmy scrugg . president shit . what do that Bible humping bastard want ? ( into phone ) 40 . president ( cont would ) cousin Jimmy , you old Bible thumping fire and brimstone son of a ... Baptist preacher . how the hell be you ? 29 int . veronica 's dungeon - day 29 scrugg , bare -ass , be sit in tub of ice-water . intercut with the President as desire . reverend do you love God ? behind scrugg , veronica playfully crack she whip . president yes , I love God . what do you want ? reverend the end time be here Mr. President . the 69th sign . verse 4 , chapter 9 . the dead have rise from the grave . Satan 's handmaiden have arrive and they call themselves the diamond Dead . as the Lord be my witness , armageddon will be upon we if they be not stop . you be aware of the biblical consequence if they show go on ? president I be very aware of the biblical ramification Jimmy . i’1l get one of my boy to deal with this right away . Jimmy ? sound like you be in pain ? be that mistress Veronica I hear in the background ? tell she Air Force one be stand by . I will see she at Camp David . the president enter the helicopter and it take off . 30 int . backstage wing - day 30 aria walk up to pussy . on stage , the performance continue . aria so , what do you think ? 31 32 33 41 . pussy I do not see how this be possible . they be dead . they reek formaldehyde . how can it be ? aria part magic , part science , mostly bullshit . it 's all so fabulously decadent , be not it ? oooh , you do not want to miss this . this be where Dr. D spit maggot at the audience . pussy oh , please , Jesus ! she start to puke again . int . grand quignol auditorium - day 31 dr . D spray the audience consist of the press , sound crew , hanger on , etc. with a ridiculous excess of slime and maggot . song '' Necrophilia '' end . int . backstage wing - day 32 aria look down to pussy pass out on the floor . aria wimp . int . grand quignol auditorium - day 33 geena and jack sit in the front row be drench in maggot and slime . jack pluck a maggot from he face . jack look , geena , real live maggot . geena be you sure ? that look like a meal worm to I . jack nope . that 's a maggot . geena I do not think so . 34 35 36 42 . jack it restore my faith in american advertising . Real live maggot . cool . int . grand quignol auditorium - continuous 34 dr . D smile sheepishly at the now - soak audience . dr . D miss anyone ? audience no . favor mathias he be stand at the back of the theatre , cover in slime . mathias ( to himself with anguish sarcasm ) this be the best day of my life . ext . airforce one - day 35 Flying high in the sky . int . airforce one - continuous 36 the president be talk to the CIA director , larry simm . president goddamit simm , you be the CIA director for chrissake ! if the dead be rise from the grave , I want to know about it . simm yes Mr. President . president this have significant military implication . we must have dead raise capability . we must know the secret to life and death . I want you send you best operative to get it for I . 37 38 43 . simm yes sir . I know just the right person for the job . ext . the holy church of good intention - day 37 a fabulous old gothic structure . int . the holy church of good intention - continuous 38 vault ceiling , stain glass window . the beautiful marble altar be make ugly by a giant black velvet portrait of the reverend scrugg . a television sit on a pedestal , show Dr. D spew maggot . suddenly , the tv be smashed by a twenty pound sledgehammer . reverend scrugg throw the sledgehammer to one side , and return to the pulpit reverend Brothers and sister , that be the scene at the Grand quignol theatre . truly the end time be upon we . for the Bible say , " the Devil walk among we . " and , yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I shalt take no shit . cue : '' Gospel funk track '' which continue until end of scene . reverend the Devil have come , brother and sister , and he 's one big sneaky son of a bitch . the dead walk the earth . frankly , dear sinner , I feel a completely reactionary , knee - jerk , ignorant , fanatical outburst of violence be necessary to trod the serpent underfoot ! praise the Lord ? flock praise the Lord . reverend it be write that the meek shall inherit the Earth but who want this dirtball if it 's crawl with rotting cadaver ? not I ! 44 , flock amen ! reverend oh , no ! not I ! flock amen ! reverend we must stamp out this evil . we must crush this fester blemish on the Earth between we two finger of justice and watch as the yellow pus of evil squirt high and splat ooze down the mirror of pure crystal goodness . flock ooooh , yuck ! reverend I feel the right swift hand of vengeance move in I . I be he terrible swift sword . we must cut off the leave hand of darkness to spite we face . the diamond Dead be messenger of death . we be soldier of life . let we cause violent death so that we may be reward for we life - affirm murder . we shall rebury the bury once and re-kill the already dead . flock what ? reverend praise the Lord . flock praise the Lord ! reverend hallelujah ! flock hallelujah ! reverend " Vengeance be mine , sayeth the Lord , " but mindless slaughter be for everybody , sayeth i. amen ! 39 45 . int . grand quignol stage - day 39 mathias get up from he hand and knee on the stage , have finish clean up the mess . he be wear a rubber apron , safety yellow clean glove and have a air-filter mask over he face . he move the mask onto the top of he head when aria enter . aria you want to see I . mathias I be not sure . aria the sound check be great . we be go to make a kill . the band love this place . I think we could book a week here , easy . mathias I do not think so . aria why not ? mathias because I be gonna kill myself as soon as I be aware enough to feel it . he start walk toward he office , she walk next to he . aria why ? mathias maggot , dead man , slime all over my theatre , haunt hearse reporter everywhere , femme fatale rock woman , too much coffee , not enough sleep , mucus cover clothes , caffeine sugar shock , thorazine , too much weirdness cerebral hemorrhage , sexual frustration , genuine terror , large mound of ... aria stop already . you be babbling . 46 . mathias be I ? aria I know we be a lot to take all at once . it 's the way we be . excess be best . shock appeal and all that P. T. barnum kind of stuff . mathias it work . I be shocked . aria I be sorry . it 's all in fun , honest . it 's rock and roll . they enter he office . 40 int . mathias ' office - continuous 40 mathias flop on the sofa-bed . aria face he . mathias ( blurt it out ) so , do you love this diabolicus dude ? aria do not matter . he do not love I , so fuck it . song : " crash - test dummy in love " : aria and mathias play in background . mathias good . aria good ? mathias well ... um ... I be not above exploit a break heart for my own personal gain . aria really ? mathias look at I . I have to take advantage wherever I can . just watch ... I respect you , aria . 41 42 43 47 . mathias ( cont would ) I think that any guy who would snob you be a asshole and a cyclopean jerk . you be incredible . aria hey , that 's pretty good . what do you do next ? mathias I do not know . I have never get it right before . I do not have a clue . aria lean forward and kiss he . aria how ' bout that ? mathias wow . this thing seem to have its own momentum . they kiss again . song end . ext . CIA - day 41 establish . int . CIA - close on door - continuous 42 a sign read : " CIA super - secret hush -hush black room . " int . CIA super -secret hush -hush black room - continuous 43 the chair be fill with ten men in gray suit look at simm , who preside at the head of the table . simm this be not a simple situation . we can not handle it with s.0.b . this guy have go high profile . agent 1 yes sir . simm we have no choice . we have get to call in we best paranormal and aberrant sexual operative . 48 . one of the male agent jump up on the table . he stand up straight , cover he face with he hand and lift up on he tiptoe . close on two stiletto heel click into place like switchblade knife ( music beat one , two ) and the shoe transform into woman 's pump . Black plastic skin tight armor replace he male attire . pan up a riding crop spring into he hand . a mechanize corset grab and constrict he waist . his chest swell under plastic bra cup ( music beat three , four ) . now only he face remain male . he lower he head , hair obscure he face . then throw she head back and it be veronica vinyl . simm ( cont 'd ) agent mistress Veronica vinyl . all the agent oooooh ! veronica ( to one of the agent ) oh , stop drool . you will get spit on my pump . ( to simm ) I read the file . veronica launch into a production number . song : " on you knee bitch ! " : veronica simm yes , agent V ... I mean , agent mistress Veronica vinyl . veronica make sure there 's a jet helicopter wait to take I directly to the theatre . production number end . simm I actually feel sorry for that boy . 44 45 49 . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 44 a large time wear room . expose duct work , stain yellow wall with hole in the dry wall . the band be sit around play poker . bangz Fucking road . Fucking gig . Fucking road . Fucking suck . glitter you have get a bust hand , do not you , sweetie . bangz Fucking card . you and you fuck poker face . glitter it 's call rigor mortis . bangz I fuck fold . int . mathias ' office - night 45 aria and mathias be make out , Mathias break away gasp for breath . aria look at the clock on the wall . time be precious to she . aria see ? no disaster , no weirdness ... mathias I know , weird , be not it ? aria you be impossible . aria push mathias back onto the desk and begin stripping he . mathias I mean , usually when I start to have a good time , the universe retaliate a lot quick technically , I should not be able to get my shoe off before I get whacked . 50 . aria maybe you luck be change . mathias or maybe the universe be set I up for a big one . aria look Mathias baby , could we have less talk and more grop , I do not have much time . mathias I like to talk aria . I need to talk . can not we do both ? aria okay , what ever . how do you get in the theatre business ? mathias I use to write music review until I flip out . one night I find myself drunk and dance on the roof of Alice Cooper 's tour bus naked , sing " bear free " with a filipino transvestite name dwight . aria pull down Mathias 's pants and see the impressive bulge . aria whoa ! mathias I quit the magazine next day and move here . tell I about you band . aria Fine ... what do you want to know ? mathias I wonder what it would be like to be dead . aria push mathias back on the bed and jump on top of he . aria something like this ! 46 51 . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 46 the band sit around a table play card . there be a knock at the door . rasputin stick he head in . rasputin dinner be serve . D sweep the card off the table . a line of beautiful serving girl enter carry cover trays of food . they set the food on the table and remove the cover . beneath be pile of raw meat and other unsavory thing . the band attack the food with growl and tear of flesh . the exception be glitter , who take the time use a knife and fork and the best table manners . glitter what be it like for you , d? dying , I mean ? you know , the first time ... not include bad gig . dr . D I do not know . it be kinda spiritual . bangz the fuck afterlife bite . spyder syn - good puppet mine suck , too . as they talk food fly everywhere . dr . D I remember the white light and so I go in . bangz Fucking hurt my eye . spyder syn - bad puppet I see that too . note : the scene describe by the band during the follow Green room scene will be shot in the style of 1950 's sci-fi movie . 47 48 52 . heaven back door 47 a dirty alleyway with dumpster full of garbage . a couple angel with wing , wear hair - net sneak a smoke break and share a bottle in a brown paper bag . bangz walk up to the door . over the door be a sign : " heaven back entrance employees only . " bangz sigh deeply . bangz ( v.0 . ) fuck , man . I do not go in . this fuckin ' prick wear a fuckin ' sheet stop I and fuckin ' say , " you can not fuckin ' go that way . musician have to use the fuckin ' back door . " int . mathias 's office - night 48 mathias and aria be in bed , get it on . a roadie knock on the door . roadie ( 0.s. ) aria , the fire inspector be here . aria and mathias stop move under the blanket . aria so ? roadie ( 0.s. ) they say we can not use the magnesium flash grenade in the show . they say it will cause blindness and the smoke be neuro-toxic . aria Fine . use the riot smoke cannister . and point the industrial laser at the audience . same effect and the side effect be not as bad . the roadie leave and aria resume . mathias stop she . mathias I can not do my best work if we be go to interrupt all the time . I need a moment to get my breath . tell I more about the band . why do spyder wear a mask ? 53 . aria ( frustrated ) nobody know except bangz and he 's not talk . mathias why ? aria bangz use to be the sweetest guy until he see what spyder look like under the mask . he just crack . mathias really ? aria now bangz just curse and swear and hate everything . whatever he see must have be bad . mathias what about spyder ? aria spyder 's all right . he only talk through he puppet . a touch of evil , but on the whole a nice guy . he work out he problem with he puppet . a man who wear sock puppet can not be that dangerous . mathias be you sure ? aria mostly sure . now can we get back to business , please ? 49 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 49 the dinner continue . meat and blood and food be everywhere and on everyone . spyder syn - good puppet I remember fall . spyder syn - bad puppet falling and fall . 50 51 54 . outer space 50 spyder be fall through the eternal darkness towards the light . he shoot past it , hurtle into outer space . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) .. but I miss . shot right past it . I go hurtle into outer space . dr . D ( v.0 . ) what happen ? spyder' body fly uncontrolled towards a giant maggot like creature line with huge sphere - like eye . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) there 's something out there . it life beyond the light . it 's not the Devil , it 's worse . it look like all the evil in the whole universe . Black and bloat , all fester and cancerous . the thing 's nictate eye open , release a swirl black tempest of radiation that envelope spyder be body as he scream in agony . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) I guess the thing eat whatever soul miss the light . I could feel the stuff change I . warping I ... I could not stop it . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 51 bangz have become so engross by spyder 's story , he have not notice he 's gnaw on D 's arm . dr . D ( to bangz ) do you mind ? ( to spyder ) that why you wear a mask ? spyder syn - bad puppet small price to pay for you eternal soul . I get call back so I guess it pay off . 55 . glitter sorry , spyder . 52 int . mathias office - night 52 mathias what about diabolicus ? aria I do not want to talk about he . mathias glitter , then ? 53 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 53 dinner continue . glitter Heaven be so beautiful : all fluffy cloud and star . it look just like my senior prom . 54 heaven 54 angel be loung around on cloud . glitter , in he robe and wing and rhinestone halo , stand on he cloud and let loose with a harp solo , sing at the top of he lung . the angel stare at he . glitter ( sing ) bee and as we wind on down the road ! we shadow taller than we soul . there walk a lady we all know , who shine white light .... and .... want to bee show ... ee eevee he stop sing . glitter ( cont 'd ) what ?! it 's stairway to Heaven . led Zepplin ... what ?... fine ... ( to himself ) and she 's buy a stairway t... angel shhhhh ! 56 . glitter ( whisper ) beens to heaven 55 int . mathias 's office - night 55 mathias and aria in bed . aria glitter 's a real sweetheart , but a real screamer in the gender department . it 's a shame , too , because he 's beautiful . mathias ugh ! they be mummy . aria I know , but my dad be a mortician . after a while , that kind of warp ya . I know everybody do not share my taste but fuck ‘em . I think they be unique . mathias I guess that 's true . personally disturbing , but true . tell I about diabolicus ? aria I do not want to talk about he . do not you ever shut up ? aria wave she hand and the light go out . under the blanket the go get heavy . 56 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 56 dinner continue . glitter you see Jesus ? bangz whoa ! glitter what be he like ? dr . D he be cool . 57 . 57 heaven 57 diabolicus in he leather and Black sabbath T-shirt be walk in heaven . he walk toward a figure in the distance . it be jesus . glow halo , golden vestment and sacred heart medallion on he chest . Dr. D stop a pass angel . dr . D ganja ? the angel ignore he pointedly . Dr. D continue . he approach jesus , who look androgynous and holy , arm outstretch amongst the cloud . dr . D hey Jesus dude , I be a big fan . jesus thanks ... I like you too man . I like all you rock and roll guy . hey listen you get any roll papers ? dr . D sure . you get any smoke ? jesus do not tell dad . dr . D it 's cool . 58 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 58 spyder syn - good puppet you smoke a bowl with the Son of God ? that rock ! spyder syn what do you talk about ? dr . D all sort of shit . he say straight and 9 - 5 - er do not need him much and that a lot of Bible - humper be poser . one thing he say be kinda cool . 59 60 61 58. heaven 59 jesus and Dr. D be get toast . they be lie ona cloud , stare up at the star , pass the joint . dr . D ( v.0 . ) he say he like hang with the fuck -up . people who fuck up be the people who need him most and learn the most . bangz ( v.0 . ) fuckin ' A. dr . D hey dude , do not bogart the joint . jesus sorry . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 60 bangz fuckin ' cool . dr . D I guess we be suppose to fuck up . if you do everything right , you do not score any point . bangz I guess I be a fuck genius then . glitter and I be mother theresa . rasputin enter and place a large cake on the table . rasputin dessert . I call this Zombie surprise . rasputin cut into the cake and cockroach erupt from the inside , scurrying all over the table . the boy stab at they greedily with they fork . int . mathias 's office - night 61 mathias and aria in bed . aria 59 . it 's a damn shame they die , though . still , now that they be dead , I like they more . mathias you sure be odd , aria . aria thank -you . 62 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 62 the band lie around the room bloat and happy . D belch loudly . dr . D be dead be hard . bangz yeah , fuckin ' big boob bummer . dr . D I do not want to go through that again alone . bangz next time we fuckin ' croak , we fuckin ' croak together . glitter . and we fuckin ' stick together all the way . dr . D all for one ! bangz yeah . all for one ... and for one ! fuckin ' a! bangz fart . glitter well say , bangz . 63 int . mathias 's office - night aria and mathias be smoking in bed . for the yellow clean glove . . all 63 mathias be naked except 60 . mathias you be leave something out . I can smell a big ole butt a mile away .... let I rephrase that . aria well ... we have one other problem to overcome . mathias what 's that ? aria the diamond Dead be cannibal . mathias whaaat ? ! aria do not worry . we get it mostly lick now . mathias what do you mean , mostly lick ? aria we have a few minor incident . mathias such as ? aria we think spyder eat my landlord . mathias oh-my - God ! aria spyder will not talk about it . he be completely freak out . that 's when he start use the sock puppet . mathias oh my God ... how do you know ? aria I find some bone in the laundry room ... just a couple ... and a leave shoe . oh yeah . a pacemaker . that 's all ! mathias that 's horrible . 64 61 . aria my landlord be a asshole . mathias still , I mean ... I do not know what I mean . aria we solve that problem , though . mathias how ? aria Raw beef soak in synthetic human pheromone . smell like shit . mathias do it work ? aria if they eat regular . mathias and if they do not ? aria I make sure they do . it 's not they fault that they be flesh -eate zomby . it 's a handicap . mathias sure . ext . bus terminal - day 64 scrugg and he number one zealot get off three buse . they be follow by a SMALL army of fanatics . they start march along the street , hand out pamphlet along the way . zealot we eta 's one hour . reverend Fine . we shall hunt down the undead and burn they in they own de . zealot I do not think that would be wise . reverend why ? the Lord be with we . 62 . zealot a thousand rabid diamond Dead fan might object to we immolate they heroes right in front of they . reverend " the Lord be my shepherd . " he will protect we . zealot the good book also say , " thy rod and thy staff shall comfort thee . " reverend truly , brother . what do you suggest ? zealot let 's buy some rod . reverend hmmm . zealot billy Bob 's 24 hour Christian gun shop be two block from the Grand quignol theatre . billy Bob have serve we church 's assault weapon need for twenty year . reverend thou art truly a man of God , brother . zealot thank - you reverend , I try . 65 int . backstage wing - night 65 veronica vinyl press a hide button she riding crop and a antenna rise out of the handle . veronica ( speak into the crop ) agent vinyl report in . get I simm . ( beat ) I see reverend scrugg ' and he mindless sheep at the bus terminal . they be on they way to the theater and they be not tote bible . 63 . veronica ( cont would ) I get a backstage pass and I do not want loony tune elmer gantrys screwing up my show ... be you wear the pink panty I send you ?... slut ! she hang up . veronica ( cont 'd ) I love my job . in the other side of the wing dr . D , spyder and glitter sit , watch the roadies work . glitter I get a bad feel about tonight . dr . D I do not think we be experience anything that other superstar band have not go through in the past . glitter you have get to be kid ? spyder syn - bad puppet I live in a constant state of dread . I like it . dr . D I do not know , man . something be not right . I will agree with that . glitter it 's you , D . that 's what 's not right here . dr . D what do you mean ? glitter you be in love . you stupid dead - neck son of a bitch ! you be too damn self absorb to see it ! spyder syn ( both puppet sing ) D and aria , sit in a tree k -I -s-s-i -n -g . Dr. D pull both of spyder 's puppet off he hand and throw they over he shoulder . 64 . spyder syn - both puppet aaaah ! spyder look at Dr. D with venom in he eye and run after they . dr . D I have get problem , dude . glitter you get no problem . you be over that now . she love you . how many girl do you know who be willing to accept you in you particular state ? dr . D this be necrophilia you be talk . glitter what 's you point ? dr . D it make I sick to think of she touch something like I . I respect she . I want to keep it that way . glitter she do not have a problem with you . dr . D I have a problem with I . I 'ma thing , a ghost , a memory . she 's in love with a memory . glitter some memory . we life suck . maybe this be all the afterlife we get . this be we just reward . maybe , this time it can be better . we have get one more shot . dr . D maybe . 66 int . mathias ' office - day 66 aria and mathias be dress . 67 65 . aria you gotta have a little faith sometime Mathias . have a little faith in I . mathias okay . you be right . aria what ? mathias you be right . aria say it one more time . mathias I say you be right . why be you make I say that ? aria I have never hear a man say that before . that 's amazing . mathias well you be right aria . I gotta trust someone . I gotta unclench my sphincter sometime . aria kiss mathias sweetly . aria you be so - of hot . int . backstage wing - night 67 jack and geena corner dr . D and fire off rapid fire question not allow D to respond . jack so , be that you real hair , or just a wig ? dr . D uh ... geena how do you pronounce you vowel without lip ? 66 . jack if you be dead , how come all you blood do not settle in you ankle ? geena have you think that as you brain decompose and turn to methane gas that the smallest spark could blow you skull apart ? jack with no circulation , how do you get a erection ? geena how come you eyeball do not shrivel up ? jack how do dead people shit ? Dr. D look around for some sort of escape from jack and geena . he spot veronica vinyl seductively stalking across the backstage area . dr . D sorry , guy . the old Doc just find the cure for what ail he . Dr. D beeline toward veronica . dr . D ( cont 'd ) hello . can I help you ? veronica I do not know . do you have a high pain tolerance ? dr . D Dead nerve diabolicus be what they call I . what do they call you besides maybe gorgeous ? veronica Veronica vinyl , but you can call I goddess . dr . D I do not know . I be a atheist . veronica I can cure that . 67 . dr . D be you for real ? veronica be you ? dr . D let 's not ruin a perfectly deprave conversation with existential paradox disguise as philosophy . veronica I agree . intellectual banter impede one 's ability to maintain a sensual sense of spontaneity , and in fact hamper positive primal instinct . dr . D it 's all such a semantic nightmare of pretense , do not you think ? veronica so do you wanna screw ? dr . D yup . veronica where ? dr . D hearse ? veronica perfect . dr . D let 's go . Dr. D and veronica exit . spyder step out of the nearby shadow . spyder syn - good puppet ummmmm . I be gonna tell . spyder syn - bad puppet do not be a snitch . spyder syn - good puppet Doctor diabolicus be be bad . 68 68. spyder syn - bad puppet he 's work shit out . leave he alone . spyder syn - good puppet I can not . I be a creature of strict moral code . spyder syn - bad puppet you be a sock . spyder syn - good puppet that do not mean I can not aspire to be the best sock I can . spyder syn - bad puppet you be mess up . spyder syn - good puppet hey , if we tell aria , we might get a dramatic , if not violent response from the whole thing . spyder syn - bad puppet really ? spyder syn - good puppet guaranteed . spyder syn - bad puppet let 's do it . spyder skip across the backstage area , sing . spyder syn - both puppet aria ! you will never guess what we see ! ext . grand quignol parking lot - night 68 reverend scrugg and the flock be stand in the parking lot . reverend Brothers and sister , we stand before God , humble this night . for we know we do he work , thus save we direct consultation . and yea though we carry no sword of justice , we can carry the AK 47 of righteousness . 69 70 69 . at jimmy be foot be two case of machine gun . reverend ( cont 'd ) line up , brother and sister , and receive thy communion . the reverend grab the first rifle and slam in a clip . reverend ( cont 'd ) God bless America ! at the other side of the parking lot 69 one of diamond Dead 's hearse be bounce violently up and down . over the squeaking of the suspension , diabolicus can be heard scream . dr . D ( 0.s. ) oh my God ! oh my God ! stop ! stop ! my spine ! ouch ! I can not do that ! ouch ! ouch ! stop ! mister wiggle worm be very fragile . you will twist it off ! oh please stop ! veronica ( 0.s. ) yes ! yes ! show I the secret of life and death ! it make I sooo hot . dr . D ( 0.s. ) oh please stop ! veronica ( 0.s. ) be that all ya get dead boy ? one more time ! dr . D ( 0.s. ) noooooo ! int . backstage hallway - night 70 we hear aria 's voice scream inside the dress room . aria ( 0.s. ) I can not believe it ! that slimy road kill son of a bitch ! the dress room door explode outward and spyder fly through the air . he land on he back . aria step over he . aria ( cont'd I be gonna kill he , then I be go to reanimate he , and then I be gonna kill he again . aria exit through the backstage door . spyder syn - good puppet spectacular result . spyder syn - bad puppet next time you wanna play with a grenade , let 's not sit on it after we pull the pin . spyder syn - good puppet Point take . mathias step through the ruin dress room door and address spyder . mathias umm ... do not you guy have to be on stage in a few minute ? spyder syn - good puppet do not you read we contract ? it state that in case of accidental re-death among the band , the show can be delay up to one hour . mathias how long do you suppose this delay may be ? spyder syn - good puppet depend on whether we get D back in one piece or several . I hate when they fight . the result can be quite disturbing . all the scream and crunching bone ... mathias do not tell I anything else . tell aria . I will see she later . mathias exit , shaking he head sadly . 70 . 71 ext . grand quignol parking lot - night Dr. D and veronica step out of the smoking interior of the hearse . veronica appear immaculate . Dr. D , however , look like hell , dishevel , pale and sweaty . veronica thank -you , D. that be truly a revolting experience . dr . D we aim to disgust . veronica I will call you . dr . D give I a couple week . okay ? veronica walk off . veronica ( to herself ) that be a waste of pelvic pressure . shit ! aria approach Dr.D. dr . D why , aria ... um ... hi . I be just think about you . aria swing and hit Dr. D in the face . his head spin around until it face backward . aria you unbelievable prick dr . D I deserve that . do you feel better ? aria stomp on he foot . dr . D ( cont 'd ) yaah ! as dr . D try awkwardly to bend forward with he head on backwards , aria kick he in the ass . dr . D fly forward and he head smashes through the windshield . 72 72 . aria curtain in thirty minute . Dr. D lie there , stunne . his voice be muffle inside the hearse . dr . D anything you say , aria . aria damn straight ! aria stomp off . dr . D it 's interesting to I how I can be such a amazing asshole know that the universe will not let I get away with jack shit . ext . grand quignol - night 72 reverend scrugg stand in front of the theater , lead the protester . the stick on they sign bear a close resemblance to gun stalk . jack , who in the meantime have drift outside the theater , be pull from of the crowd by the reverend . reverend have you find the Lord ? jack what do he look like , dude ? be he inside ? reverend he be the Lord of all thing . the Father of creation . he be Alpha and omega . jack hey , if I see he , I will tell he you be out here . what be he wear ? reverend I be concerned for you immortal soul , son . the Lord love you and he would not want you to go inside . 73 74 73. jack shit . this guy must know my parent , because they be wound awful tight , too . reverend ( shove he back into the crowd ) never mind . jack rock and roll ! int . dressing room - night 73 mathias and aria be together . mathias I just have this hideous feel that something hideous be go to hideously happen to I ... aria do not be silly . life be hideous . rock and roll just fill in the gap between the monotony of day to day futility . mathias well . if you put it that way ... the walkie-talkie in she hand buzze . int . grand quignol theater lobby - night 74 rasputin be on the walkie-talkie . intercut with aria as desire . rasputin no shit , aria . there 's about sixty born-again fanatic right - wing type out front . they look really piss off ... yeah . it 's that crazy rev from tv . it get worse . on top of that , the american Guild of funeral director be plan to picket . they say the band be restraint of trade . it 's kind of scary out here . the roady want to break out the real gun ... we get to protect we audience . 75 76 74 . aria seem delighted to hear this . aria ( into walkie- talkie ) open the door . int . grand quignol - night 75 rasputin be at the door as fan stream past after be frisk by security . huge pile of contraband and weapon heap up on either side of the door : everything from drug to rocket launcher . rasputin alright . protester on the leave , ticket holder on the right . no drug , booze , food , beverage nudity , or politician . no fight , run , push , jump or excessive breathe . no sex , sex guide , sex lubricant or sex deviance . no stud , spike , car key , pager , cell phone or laptop computer . most important , no gun grenade , rocket launcher , anti - personnel mine or catapult , cross - bow , sword or siege equipment . keep move . enjoy the show . int . backstage wing - night 76 veronica be watch the roadies work . spyder pop he puppet out from around the corner . the rest of he body be hide . spyder syn - good puppet hey , shark lady . veronica yes . spyder syn - bad puppet we want to talk to you . veronica I do not talk to footwear . spyder syn - bad puppet I do not usually talk to woman who dress like a plastic action figure , but it 's a new experience . 75 . veronica ( move closer ) what do you want ? spyder syn - bad puppet ummmmm . . . spyder syn - good puppet we want sex . it 's a character flaw we have . spyder syn - bad puppet D have sex , so we want sex , too . veronica I be not a vend machine . spyder syn - bad puppet how be it with D ? veronica you be one sick sock . spyder syn - good puppet we sure be . so how be it ? veronica interesting . spyder syn - bad puppet how would you like to graduate to unique ? veronica do you know the secret of how to reanimate the dead ? spyder syn - bad puppet absolutely . veronica will you tell I ? spyder syn - bad puppet be you kid ? for a little play I have rat out my own mother . the puppet retreat behind the corner . veronica follow . we hear footstep . camera round the corner and angle on the slightly ajar dress room door . voice come from the room . veronica ( 0.s. ) what 's with the mask ? 77 76 . spyder syn ( 0.s. ) would you like to see ? veronica ( 0.s. ) whatever . spyder syn ( 0.s. ) be you sure ? it 's not pretty . veronica ( 0.s. ) nothing about this gig be pretty . show I already . spyder syn ( 0.s. ) okay . you ask for it . spyder syn - both puppet ( 0.s. ) ( together ) ta-da ! Veronica scream and the door slam shut int . grand quignol - night 77 aria be talk to rasputin behind the amplifier . in the background the crowd be chant . crowd diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! rasputin I do not know , aria . this be a dangerous situation . the police be try to close we down . the fanatics be scream at the door . God know what that crazy prick be up to . I be scared . aria five minute . rasputin the boy could get hurt . aria five minute . make the call . rasputin alright . it 's you circus . 77 . 78 int . backstage - night 78 jack and geena have find seat on top of the marshal amplifier . jack Boy , this seat kick ass . geena do it look like a riot from up here or what ? jack yeah . the band have not even come on yet . geena gee . it look kinda dangerous down there . jack ... and we be above it all . geena Nice and safe . no mosh or fight or fuck or push . jack this seat suck ! geena yeah . let 's go bug the band . jack fuckin ' A. 79 int . grand quignol - night 79 the house be go wild as the audience work itself up into a fever pitch . act of individual lunacy add to the chaos . 80 int . grand quignol GREEN room - night 80 the the band be do they touch -up , except for spyder , who be unaccount for . jack and geena enter and walk over to aria who have dr.d on a table and be stuff he open stomach cavity with silicon . jack what ya do ? 78 . aria to prevent decomposition I have to remove the boy internal organ and replace they with silicon . geena cool . dr . D I feel like a giant tit . glitter you be , dear . dr.d and aria be purposely ignore each other . glitter D , why do not you talk with aria ? dr . D no thanks . glitter aria , you talk to D . he love you . aria bullshit . jack and geena be still curious . geena what 's bangz do over there ? bangz be bathing in a big barrel and be wear a shower cap . aria that 's embalmer lotion . help keep they skin to be pliable . unfortunately embalmer lotion be mostly a powerful synthetic female hormone . bangz stand up in the barrel and be sport a fabulous pair of female breast . bangz oh ! I cant fuck live with this at all ! aria oh shush . look at glitter ! he be not complain . 79 . glitter dance around the room flaunt he new tit . glitter I feel pretty , oh sooo pretty . jack can I try that stuff ... I mean as a experiment ? umm ... never mind . D get up from the table and suddenly look concerned . he look down he pants in horror . bangz step closer and look down D 's pants curiously . bangz fuck I D . where 's you man monkey ? dr . D oh God ! I hope I leave it in the hearse ' cuz the alternative be to horrible to contemplate . glitter what I want to know aria be , so what if D sleep with another woman ... dr . D yeah . so what ? glitter I mean , c'mon sweetie , everybody know you boink that neurotic theatre manager . dr . D what ?! aria Jesus Christ ! be nothing sacred ? dr . D you slut ! aria you prick ! bangz ( to glitter ) you be a fuckin ' diplomatic genius baby . glitter sorry . 80 . spyder enter . everyone fall silent . all eye turn on he accusingly . there 's a long pause . spyder syn - good puppet what ? glitter where the hell have you be , girl ? spyder syn - bad puppet aww , you know , here and there . glitter it 's thirty second to curtain . what be you think ? spyder syn - bad puppet Baseball , petroleum product , how much I really enjoy a good meal . dr . D you get blood on you mask . spyder syn - good puppet it 's paint . it 's nothing . glitter who would you eat , spyder ? spyder syn - bad puppet what ? dr . D that 's blood , dude . who would you eat ? spyder syn - good puppet I do not eat anybody . honest . bangz I see that fuckin ' rubber bitch and spyder go into a dress room earlier . I think they fuckin ' do more than fuckin ' fuck . rasputin enter . rasputin curtain . dr . D oh my God ... I can not believe you eat Veronica . 81 81 . aria I think you say she do not matter to you . dr . D she do not . I mean , she do . I mean , she be eat , for chrissake . that matter . aria not if she do not mean anything to you . you should not care . dr . D how would you like it if I eat you spazola boyfriend ten minute after you shtup he ? aria do not you touch he . he 's a nice guy . dr . D see . bug ya , do not it ? spyder syn - both puppet I do not eat anybody !!! rasputin curtain ! glitter c'mon . let 's rock and roll . int . grand quignol auditorium - night 81 the announcer walk up to the microphone . the audience freak out . the light come up on the stage . the set be a force perspective of a overgrown necropolis on the outskirt of the bomb out emerald City of oz. a large clock on a marble tomb be part of the set . suddenly , there 's a blinding flash and aria appear stand on a tomb with guitar in hand . she strike a open chord and the grave begin to split . rising out of the earth , the rest of the band appear . aria begin to speak , weaving a kind of rock and Roll spell which set event in motion . song : " my little piece of armageddon " : the band 82 83 82. aria ( sing ) Mirror mirror in hell own heart who 's the baddest band to blow part ! Mirror mirror stare in my face ! who 's the baddest bitch to rock this place . dr.d ( sing ) stomp on the gas ! let go ! move you ass ! let blow ! hit the highway ! do not stop ! all the way over the top ! chorus ( sing ) my little piece of armageddon . it 's a suicide pact . a unholy weddin 's ! dr.d ( sing ) Foot off the brake ! kick it out ! let you hand shake ! scream and shout ! turn off the headlight ! piston Cry ! feel you fright ! Brain fry ! ext . grand quignol - night 82 pussy sing into the camera . reverend scrugg stand nearby . pussy ( sing ) tell I how 's my hair ! check my face . let 's shoot this thing ! I know my place . reverend ( sing ) I be gonna pray to God , lock and load . it 's a holy march . a bloody road . pussy and scrugg ( sing chorus ) my little piece of armageddon . a righteous cause . a fitting endin 's ! int . grand quignol balcony - night 83 mathias watch the show . aria sing on stage . the music tempo slow . the lighting change and aria and mathias be the only two people in the theatre . aria be illuminate in a single follow - spot . 84 85 83. mathias aria I can not believe I be still ( sing a aria over here . she 's a musician . she 's Mathias speak ) not my type . what happen do not let you dream die . when she get tired of I ? I be afraid . I be afraid of everything . I do not feel good . ( sing ) ) its my little piece of armageddon . my hell , my soul bloodlett . int . grand quignol auditorium - night 84 the spot light irise out revealing the stage . the light come up and we be back in the show . the band be play on the stage . Dr. D approach the microphone . dr . D ( speak ) do you believe in life after death ? the crowd scream . Dr. D look over at aria who return he stare . dr . D ( cont 'd ) neither do we ! the beat pick up and the chord change . DR. D ( sing ) burn witch burn . back to hell ! there be no future ! what 's that smell ! ext . grand quignol - night 85 the reverend and he flock have draw they weapon . reverend ( speak ) let 's go kick some pinko commie satanic demon ass ! rasputin try to hold they back .. shit ! they rush the door and overpower the security guard . 86 87 84 . ext . grand quignol roof - day 86 a zealot carefully place a large time explosive package by the air-condition system . he check he watch and press a button on the timer . the clock on the explosive start tick . int . grand quignol - night 87 the band be play in the background . dr . D ( sing ) feed the god . we want sacrifice . bear for sin raise on vice ! it 's my little piece of armageddon a suicide pact a unholy weddin’ . reverend scrugg and he follower rush into the theatre , shoot wildly . they charge down the main aisle toward the stage . reverend stop this secular humanistic debauchery ! the reverend fire a round , hit glitter be guitar . the band stop play . the music continue as a_kind of tense underscore . they look at one another , confuse , and then at scrugg . a eerie stillness fall over the confuse crowd . glitter that bitch shot my Les Paul ! reverend and the Lord say unto I : drive the unclean spirit from thy land ! glitter you bitch ! that 's a Les Paul ! girl , do not you have any respect ? dr . D duck ! aria , dr . D , spyder and bangz dive for cover . glitter fuck that . I be gonna slap dis Ho '! 85 . reverend Fine ! the flock open fire on the stage . the music build in tempo with gunfire as percussion , pump hundred of round into glitter , tear away huge chunks . the gunfire continue until the flock have emptied they clip . what 's leave of glitter crumble to the ground . the flock frantically reload . rasputin charge onto the stage , follow by ten armed roadies . Music return to a tense underscore . rasputin freeze ! the reverend turn to he flock reverend we shall be reward in Heaven . the entire audience suddenly jump up with gun drawn point at scrugg . reverend ( cont 'd ) we have exorcise the unclean spirit . spyder , Dr. D and bangz stand up , armed with machine gun and walk to the apron . dr . D ( into microphone ) do anybody here not have a gun ? in the balcony , mathias raise he hand . mathias um ... I do not . dr . D Sir , would you please be kind enough to leave the building ? mathias run for the exit . Dr. D fix scrugg with a venomous stare . aria step forward . aria my turn . 86 . reverend burn in Hell , Satan ! she wave she arm and the light suddenly go out . the music become the sharp percussion again . the entire theatre erupt in gunfire . it create a kind of strobe light effect as hundred of gun fire at once . the gun battle go on for a full twenty second before the shoot finally cease and the light come back up . everyone in the auditorium lie dead . the music change to a slow eerie dirge like tune . fog roll into the house . in its center death glide in . the clock on the marble tomb begin to chime midnight . another angle death stand in the middle of the house , knee deep in body . death now , I say , I say . that 's entertainment . aria step onto stage , carry the scythe . she step over pussy'' body and over to Dr. D 's still form , lie face down . aria be you dead ? dr . D yes . she kick he in the rib . aria good . you stupid son of a bitch ! look at this place . Holy shit . it 's a fuck mess . I can not have this kind of shit every night . dr . D sorry . I will get a mop . death begin climb over the body toward the stage . death I say , this positively elegant . you find a novel way to balance the book . I know you be a natural . Excuse I lady , but I really do need my scythe back . 87 . aria I need it right now . I can not leave thing like this . Dr. D , bangz and spyder get up and go to glitter' ruined carcass . death you be gonna have to . give I my scythe . Dr. D walk over to aria 's side . dr . D who be this guy , aria ? aria nobody . dr . D then fuck he . the bell continue to toll very slowly . death everybody go . no exception . you a goddess of death now . dr . D keep it , aria . death we have a bargain missy . it 's time . aria walk to the edge of the stage and lean over , as the final bell toll . aria I fulfil my bargain morty . she raise up she scythe , hit the reverse switch and twirl it over she head . lightn flash in arc from the stage to point in the house and to the balcony . light explode . the breaker fail and the theatre be throw into a eerie light as the slain audience 's body begin to twitch and convulse with new life . death noooooooo00 ! 88 . aria the clock strike twelve morty . we deal be do , and I be off the clock , and you can not do shit . death rise up out of the pit and onto the stage charge at aria in a rage . mathias step out of the wing between aria and death . mathias leave my girlfriend alone ! you dick ! death swat mathias out of the way and mathias be airborne crash into the amp stack . D , bangz and spyder attack death to little effect . he knock they aside as easily as he do mathias . aria swing the scythe with both arm and throw it at death . it spin through the air as if in slow motion . it shear off death 's head cleanly and bury itself in the proscenium arch . aria pick up death 's head and throw it to bangz . aria ( cont 'd ) lose this somewhere . bangz Fucking hard - core ! death' head put I down ! that 's my think tank you be bowl with ! the slain rise , in harmonic choral part . first the sopranos section spot around the house then the tenor , baritone . then everybody . audience ( sing ) do not let you dream die ! do not let you dream die ! scrugg be stand in the pit , face the audience . his flock and zealot be sing along with the audience . scrugg what be you do ? you be my faithful follower ! what about the church ? what about God ? what about I ?! 88 89 . the audience and flock sing louder . scrugg realize he have lose everything and skulk towards the exit . spyder carry glitter 's only remain body part , which be he head , offstage . the audience continue to sing . Dr. D walk up to the microphone . dr . D lady and gentleman . Dead and back again , courtesy of the diamond Dead ! we love you ! good night ! aria take she guitar and throw it into the audience . it arc high overhead , spin slowly , disappear into the darkness . Dr. D drive the blade of broadsword microphone into the stage and walk off . ext . grand quignol - night 88 people be leave the theatre . pussy talk to she tv audience . pussy the diamond Dead have make rock history tonight , demonstrate they power over life and death . one thousand bullet- ride diamond Dead fan will tell you that it be real . what 's next for this band ? who know , but it do not matter because I be here and you be not . jack and geena walk out of the theatre . she be carry aria 's guitar and he , dr.d 's microphone . they also sport bullet hole in they body . pussy ( cont 'd ) what do you think of the diamond Dead ? jack yeah . they be cool . geena a little weak on bass and the energy seem a little down . 90 . jack the sound engineer seem to favor the high end . geena I notice that , too . jack it 's a common mistake . pussy but what about the climax ? jack the whole death trip have be a little overplay . geena what be the diamond Dead go to follow it up with ? jack it 's the whole Andy warhol trap . geena they have get no place to go . jack sorry , pussy , but the diamond Dead have reach they height . geena has-been city . jack great while it last . geena pack it up pussy . pussy stare open-mouthed as jack and geena walk away . as they walk away geena start play aria 's guitar . jack sling Dr. D 's microphone over he shoulder . jack I get shot four time in the chest ! geena I get it in the head , and a shotgun in the belly . jack that be so fuck cool . 89 90 91 . geena where be they play next ? int . hallway - angle on dressing room door - night 89 from the room we hear voice . glitter ( 0.s. ) D ?... D ?... be you there , pal ? dr . D ( 0.s. ) I be right here , dude . int . dressing room - night 90 aria and the band be gather around glitter 's head on the table . glitter look like it 's we last gig together . dr . D bullshit ! glitter ( cough ) no , I be outta here , girl . listen to I . dr . D yeah ? glitter I want you to have my thigh high boot , the faux zebra platform . you always covete they . dr . D do not talk like that . glitter spyder ? spyder begin to talk with the sock puppet , but instead jerk they off he hand . spyder syn I be here . 91 92 . glitter you can have all my sock and my ibenez Paul stanley special . spyder syn do not die again . glitter sorry , bangz ? bangz huh ? glitter fuck you . bangz fuck you too ! asshole . glitter aria ? aria I be here . glitter you get the ax . do not let the band die . aria sure . glitter close he eye and go still . silently , Dr. D , bangz and spyder exit , leave aria . aria lay a scarf over glitter' head . int . hallway - night 91 scrugg , not quite give up , be creep around in the dark hallway with menace in he eye . he round a corner and come face to face with D , spyder and bangz . dr . D can you pray , rev ? spyder syn - bad puppet better make it a short prayer bangz yeah . Real fuckin ' short . 92 dr . D say " hi " to Jesus for I . spyder have be back to camera . he remove he mask . scrugg 's eye widen in horror . his unholy scream be cut short by a dark tongue - like object impale he head . dr . D ( cont 'd ) asshole . int . dressing room - night aria be alone with glitter 's remain . there 's a cough under the scarf and aria pull it away . glitter where be everybody ? aria we think you be dead . glitter I be not dead . I be just a head . aria really ? glitter ( cough ) I think I get a slug stick in my throat . could you dig it out ? mathias enter . aria I need you help . mathias I be really not well . aria c'mon . I need you help . the boy have go after scrugg . they be gonna kill he . where 's you car key ? mathias why ? aria I need you car . I think scrugg be on he way to the airport . 93 94 . mathias you can not drive my car . it 's a stingray classic . I do not even drive it . aria perfect ! aria grab mathias by the arm . aria I do not have time to argue . the boy be hungry and we get to stop they before it 's too late . int . grand quignol theater lobby - night 93 the place be now desert . Dr. D , bangz and spyder walk through the lobby , knee deep in garbage . spyder syn - good puppet I have fun . dr . D I , too . bangz why , we get a hell of a fuckin ' show . we kill the audience every night . wow ! I think it 's fuckin ' great . dr . D everybody 's afraid of death . it 's a unknown . people feel powerless against it . some folk will see we as have the power to help they beat death . other will see we and think if they can beat we , they can beat death . either way , every show we play be go to be a slaughter . spyder syn - bad puppet we do what we come to do . we fuck with everybody . spyder syn - good puppet we better go underground . dr . D we can not hide . 95 . bangz what about aria ? spyder syn - good puppet you love she right ? dr . D ahhh ! she do not need I . she need that little guy . I finally figure it out . I do not need a lover . I love I . I be what I need to be happy . I be just too damn cool . I be to damn I . and nobody should have to deal too much with my I - ness . spyder syn - bad puppet that be either the most noble thing you have ever say or the most disgusting . they exit through the lobby door and walk up to the stage . there Pov veronica vinyl be in front of the stage with aria 's scythe . DR. D , bangz and spyder walk up to she . bangz hey , it 's the fuckin ' rubber lady . veronica hello , boy . spyder syn - good puppet told you I do not eat she . veronica hello , spyder honey . spyder syn - bad puppet where ya be ? she lean against the wall . spyder syn - good puppet D , bangz , this be Veronica , soon to be Mrs. syn . veronica be a bit take aback . she twirl the scythe . 94 95 96 . veronica that 's mistress Veronica . spyder syn - good puppet yes mistress Veronica . spyder syn - bad puppet ( to D and bangz ) what a woman . veronica I be send here on a presidential secret order . for this . ( she hold up the scythe ) it be my job . not that I do not enjoy my work . I do , but you guy be different . if I let the government get hold if this , we have all be fuck . dr . D that 's fine by I . like the man say , better to burn out than to fade away . spyder remove the sock puppet from he hand and hug veronica . ext . grand guignol night 94 the Grand quignol explode in a fire ball . aria 's scythe fly through the air , disappear into the night sky . ext . highway - day 95 the scythe fall from the sky embed its blade in the blacktop of the road . a breeze blow dust past . on the wind be distant music . aria 's hand reach down and pull the scythe from the blacktop . aria and mathias stand on the shoulder of the road , have just step out of Mathias ' stingray . aria sure you do not want to come with ? mathias no . I be commit myself ina couple hour . 96 97 . aria suit yourself . what about you theatre ? mathias smile sheepishly . mathias I be insure . aria I be gonna miss you . mathias I will miss you too , in a strange masochistic , romantic , terrify way . I be sorry about you band . I be sorry about you ... you know ... um boyfriend . aria I be gonna miss a lot of thing . oh well , that 's life . mathias accord to death ? aria that 's I . mathias get in the car . mathias you be truly special . you know that , do not you ? aria of course . I be not stupid . mathias start he car and drive off . ext . mathias 's car - moment later 96 mathias be talk to himself . mathias this suck . a hearse go the other direction scream past mathias . 97 98 98. ext . highway - moment later 97 aria begin to walk down the road , she scythe over she shoulder and a head - shape bundle wrap in butcher 's paper in she hand . a car speed past she and then slam on it 's brake . it be a '57 cadillac hearse . aria smile and get in . the hearse roar its engine and take off for the vanish point . ext . mathias 's car - moment later 98 mathias slam on he brake and power slide 180 degree . and roar after the hearse . mathias rock and Roll ! this be crazy ! this be crazy ! song : " good friend " fade to black