revision : 1st Blue 3/11/91 2nd pink 3/28/91 3rd yellow 4/08/91 4th Green 4/10/91 5th goldenrod 4/12/91 6th buff 4/12/91 ( pm ) 7th salmon 4/18/91 8th cherry 4/19/91 9th Tan 4/22/91 10th grey 4/25/91 11th ivory 4/26/91 12th Blue ( 2 ) 5/1/91 13th pink ( 2 ) 5/8/91 14th yellow ( 2 ) 5/10/91 15th Green ( 2 ) 5/15/91 newsies a musical feature Film written by Bob tzudiker and noni White rewrites by David fallon and Tom rickman original song score by Alan menken and Jack feldman property of : walt disney picture 500 South buena vista St. burbank , CA 91505 ( 818 ) 560-1000 Tom rickman first draft - revised May 15 , 1991 4/8/91 yellow * newsies fade in : 1 int . the new york world - PRESS room - morning 1 the huge printing presses pound out the morning edition , set a rhythm that carry we through the scene as the newspaper be print , collate , fold , and spit out onto a rapidly - grow stack . pressmen bundle the papers and toss they into cart . see the masthead : " the new york world , JULY 10 , 1899 . " two man push hard a cart load with papers to get it roll down a iron ramp -- then have to run to keep up with it as it careen toward -- 2 int . the world - circulation room - morning ( same time ) 2 Broad -neck workmen grab the cart and begin unload they -- stack of paper grow as the pounding rhythm build and we go to -- 3 int . newsie lodging house - same time 3 a man 's foot move up some stair ( in rhythm ) -- they belong to kloppman , 70 , who enter -- 4 int . newsie lodging house - dormitory - same time 4 a large room fill with boy sleep in hammock , include jack kelly , snap he finger in he sleep . on the wall by he head , the commanding visage of teddy Roosevelt grin down from a rotogravure photo . kloppman wake the boy , intone he morning ritual : kloppman ink 's wet , the press be roll , the papers be stack -- rise and shine , make a dime , no news without the newsies -- etc . Jack jump out of he bunk and shake the boy below . jack wake up , crutchy -- the World be waitin ' . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 2 . * 4 continued : 4 crutchy ( yawn ) tell Mr. pulitzer my yacht be lose at sea . Jack laugh and toss he he crutch . the dorm be now alive with waking boy -- yawn , stretch , pull on pants , hitching up suspender as they sing -- song : " carryin ' the banner " ( approx . 7 minute , 15 second ) racetrack that's my cigar ... snipeshooter you'll steal anudder . the boy begin to wake , kid blink yawn , stretch , hey bummer , we got work to do complain as they hit the floor : pants pull specs on , suspender hitched since when did you become up , boot lace tight . my mudder ? crutchy ah , stop you bawlin ' all who ast you ! mush , cross -ey and skinny with big ear and lisp , play - fully push the newsie so he fall on he hammock . newsie hey , whattaya ? 5 int . washroom - minute later 5 younger boy pump water for older boy , then trade off . teeth brush , sponge bath with cold water -- the older boy shave . Jack smear he face with shave cream as mush pull up a box next to he . mush how would you sleep , Jack ? jack on I back , mush . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 3. 5 continued : 5 mush ( think that 's hilarious ) you hear that , you hear what he say ? I ast how would he sleep -- crutchy Jack , this look like I be fakin ' it ? he hobble towards Jack on one crutch . jack who say you be fakin ' it ? crutchy the street be fulla fake this day -- it 's hurtin ' the rep of genuine article like myself . I gotta find I a new sellin ' spot , where they be not use to seein ' I . Jack smile ; mush tap crutchy on the arm ... sing . mush try bottle alley or the harbor racetrack try central park it's guaranteed jack try any banker , bum or barber Jack rinse he face , take skittery * special care adjust he they almost all know how to red bandana . read kid blink I smell money crutchy you smell foul mush met this girl last night * crutchy move you elbow ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 4 . * 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 racetrack pass the towel skittery for a buck I might chorus ain 't it a fine life carrying the banner through it all 6 int . lodging house - front desk - later 6 Jack and the newsies come chorus down the stair , greeting a mighty fine life kloppman and move out the carrying the banner door -- tough ' not tall every morning we go where we wishes we's free as fish sure beat washing dish what a fine life 7 ext . newsie lodging house - same time 7 Jack stand next to crutchy chorus and mush as the boy file carrying the banner out . home -free all jack ( look at the morning ) what 's you leg say , crutch ? feel like rain ? crutchy ( feel he leg ; shake he head ) no rain -- partly cloudy , clearin ' towards evenin ' . ( as Jack laugh ) who ya sellin ' wit , Jack ? jack ai not decide yet . Jack spot a pass wagon and help crutchy on board -- he and mush jump on for the ride and they all move off -- 8 omitted 8 4/8/91 yellow 5. 9 ext . david' apartment - morning 9 * david jacob , 15 , hurry down the street as he brother , les , 8 , dawdle after he . david Les , hurry up , willya ? why do I gotta be saddle with you ? les why do I gotta be saddle with you ? david come on -- they will run out of papers ! 10 ext . neighborhood STREET - morning 10 kid blink , 16 , one eye cover by a patch , move past a fruit stand with three of he boy . he 's about to swipe a banana when the shadow of a cop on horseback loom over he . blink smile up at the cop . kid blink ' mornin ' , Officer . officer ( cop ) I be keepin ' my eye on you , blink . kid blink and I will keep my eye on you , too , sir . officer get move ! blink and the boy race into a alley -- 11 ext . another STREET - policy shop - same time 11 * a boy 's hand shoot some dice -- it belong to racetrack * higgins , a italian beanpole , who 's gambling with three other boy . racetrack ain't they as pretty as a pitch 'a ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 6. 11 continued : 11 snoddy Race pick up he that make it ten game out winning and admire of ten the pile of change in he hand . racetrack a pleasure do business wich 'ya who want to try there luck again ? boot I be wipe out -- my mother will murder I -- if I have one . the wagon pass -- Jack , mush and crutchy get out . racetrack Jack -- whattaya know , whattaya say . get a hot tip on a nag in the fourth at sheepshead -- sure * t'ing ! * jack you last sure t'ing 's still * runnin ' , racetrack . * mush ( the world 's best audience ) ya hear that ? Race say sure t'ing * and Jack say -- ya hear what he * say , ya hear it , he say -- * boot / crutchy * ( together ) * we hear it ! * 12 ext . another STREET - same time 12 David still hurry -- Les slow to hop on a hopscotch game chalk on the sidewalk . David grab he hand and pull he on -- 12a ext . neighborhood STREET - same time 12a kid blink and he boy come out of a alley , join Jack and the other . kid blink say , cowboy -- I hear medda 's breakin ' in a new act at the vaudeville tonight -- ya interested ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 7 . * 12a continued : 12a jack stupid question . crutchy stupid question . kid blink that a echo ? or be the crip followin ' ya again ? crutchy ( swinging he crutch ) yeah ? how would you like it if a crip crack you head ? jack better choke it , blink -- ' fore you need another patch . kid blink hey , who ya sellin ' wit , Jack ? crutchy not wit you ! jack nothing personal , blink , but ... jack it take a smile as sweet as butter crutchy the kind that lady can 't as Jack sing , the boy resist listen carefully . they all respect he opinion . racetrack it take a orphan with a stutter jack who ain't afraid to use he ... kid blink ... fist 13 ext . barrel alley - same time 13 Jack and the other all boy round a corner summer stink and winter be sing as they move waitin ' through a alley fill welcome to new yawk with barrel . 4/8/91 yellow 8. 14 ext . off newsie square - same time 14 they enter the square all sing . boy , ain't nature fascinatin ' when youse gotta walk ( round ) * they move towards a still it's a fine life breakfast wagon run by carryin ' the banner three nun . with I chum a mighty fine life blowin ' every nickel as it come at the breakfast wagon , crutchy the boy line up for I 'm no snoozer coffee -- blink try to sittin ' make I antsy butt in front of Jack , I like livin ' chancey who spin he back to Race , who spin he further back all as crutchy and mush jump harlem to delancey in and blink end up what a fine life last . boot arbus , 15 , carrying the banner black , join the line . through the slum -- * one nun ladle coffee from nun a large pot into the boy ' blessed child cup ; the other nun hand though you wander lost they each a roll . and deprave jesus love you you shall be save boot how ' bout savin ' I another roll -- okay , sister ? guttersnipe * ( shove he ) hey ! save some for the rest of we ! the nun smile and give they both one . searching mother be sing as she look for she lose son in the crowd around the wagon . Jack and the other sing in counter - point as she pass by . ( continued ) ) J ( 4/22/91 tan 9 . 14 continued : 14 mother racetrack patrick , just gimme half a cup darling ... kid blink something to wake I up mush since you left I I gotta find a angle crutchy I am undone I gotta sell more pape all mother paper be all I got love you wish I could catch a breeze sure hope the headline's hot GOD all I can catch be fleas save GOD help I if it's not my son somebody help I pl -- 15 ext . newsie square - same time 15 pull back to reveal all entire square as Jack and if I hate the headline the gang leave the wagon , i'll make up a headline cross the square and head and i'll say anything I hafta for the gate of the World ' cause at two for a penny Building , keep they if I take too many eye on the huge blackboard weasel just make I eat ' em over the street . afta newsies of all age and size appear from every conceiv- able space and line up outside the gate , wait for they to open , anxiously praying for a good headline to be chalk on the board overhead ... 16 ext . newspaper row - same time 16 two man climb ladder to the blackboard above the street and start to write out headline in chalk : " trolley strike drag on for third week . " 17 ext . alley / off newsie square - same time 17 * a group of newsies follow through a alley that lead * they to the square , where they see the man chalking up * headline . ( continued ) ) J ( 4/22/91 tan 10 . 17 continued : 17 newsie group # 1 newsie group # 2 look ! they 're putting what' it say ? up the headline you call that a headline ? that won't play I get better stories so where' from the copper on the you spot ? beat 18 ext . newsie square - same time 18 * a group of newsies cross the street and split up around * the statue as they walk into the square -- * newsie group # 1 newsie group # 2 I be gonna start with GOD it's hot ! twenty but a dozen'll be plenty will ya tell I how be a guy gonna how 'm I gonna make end make end meet ? meet ? 19 ext . newsie square and world build - same time 19 Jack and the gang join all newsies as they we need a good assassination converge outside the World gate , sing and yell we need a EARTHQUAKE or a at the man on the chalkboard . war one newsie yell out : snipeshooter how ' bout a crooked politician ? mush jump all over he : all hey , stupid , that ain't news no more ! the newsies sing at each other : all uptown to grand central station down to CITY hall we improve our circulation walkin ' ' til we fall the newsies line up outside the gate , sing : jack group newsie group # 1 so we'll be out there did you hear about the headline ? ( more ) ( more ) ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 11 . * 19 continued : 19 jack group ( cont 'd ) newsie group # 1 ( cont 'd ) they call that a headline ? carrying the banner man the idiot what wrote it to man must be workin ' for the SUN we'll be out there did you hear about the FIRE soakin ' every sucker that we can newsie group # 2 heard it kill ol ' man mcguire newsie group # 1 heard the toll be even higher newsie group # 2 why do I miss all the fun ? newsie group # 1 see the headline hitched it on a trolley newsie group # 2 newsies on a mission meet 'cha forty - FOURTH and second ... newsie group # 1 kill the competition little italy's a secret newsie group # 2 sell the next edition bleeker' further than I reckoned newsie group # 1 while we're out there by the courthouse newsie group # 2 near the stable newsie group # 1 on the corner carryin ' the banner be someone beckoned and I ... the ... angle - near gate suddenly the music become a quiet pulse as the delancey brother -- oscar and morris , two muscle - bound goons -- push with deliberate aggression past Jack and the boy . tension , silence , then -- racetrack ( sniff the air ) dear I . what be that unpleasant aroma ? I fear de sewer have back up during de night . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 12 . * 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 boot too rotten to be the sewer . it must be -- crutchy -- the delancey brother ! for revenge , oscar jerk snipeshooter out of line and propel he to the rear . oscar inna back , ya ugly little shrimp ! oscar and Morris glare at the crowd , dare anyone to do anything about it . Jack calmly walk snipe back to he place in line , then face the delancey who try to stare he down . the air be electric . nearby -- racetrack five to one , I say cowboy skunk them -- who 's bettin' , who 's bettin ' -- the newsies shake they head . nearby the stare contest continue until -- jack you should not be callin ' people ugly little shrimp . oscar . unless you be referrin ; to the family resemblance in you brother here . the brother glower , look at each other , then back at Jack , who grin at they . jack that 's right . it 's a insult . and so 's this -- Jack deftly reach out both hand and flip the derby off both they head . the brother scramble for they and the chase be on . 19a ext . newsie square - day ( same time ) 19a dance break ... the delancey chase Jack throughout the square , entertaining the newsies ... a morning tradition . the newsies sing in counterpoint , underscore the chase . jack group newsie group it be a fine life look ! they 're putting up the headline ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 13 . 19a continued : 19a carryin ' the banner you call that a headline ? through it all * a mighty fine life I get better stories from the copper on the beat carryin ' the banner I be gonna start with twenty tough ' not tall but a dozen'll be plenty will you tell I how 'm I ever gonna make end meet ? newsie group # 1 * see the headline ? hitched it on a trolley . newsie group # 2 * newsies on a mission meet 'cha forty - FOURTH and second ... newsie group # 1 * kill the competition ! little italy's a secret . newsie group # 2 * sell the next edition bleeker' further than I reckoned newsie group # 1 * while we're out there by the courthouse ... newsie group # 2 * carryin ' the banner be near the stable ... the ... newsie group # 1 * on the corner ... someone beckoned and I ... angle - horace greely statue - david and les be just arrive , hurry towards the gate on a collision course with -- Jack who come barrel around the statue and run smack into David . for a moment , everything stop -- Jack catch he breath , David look at he in outrage . david watch it , willya ? what do you think you be do ! jack ( breathe hard ) runnin ' . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 14 . 19a continued : ( 2 ) 19a he speed on -- just as the delancey come thunder around the statue , bowl David to the pavement . Les look at Jack as if he 's watch Robin Hood and br'er rabbit roll into one . angle - near gate - jack keep run , keep just out of the delancey ' grasp -- but then he trip and they have get he . Morris lift he high into the air to smash he onto the cobblestone . the crowd stop breathe -- but then -- 19b ext . world build gate - day 19b Jack grab the bar and like a monkey jerk free of the bully 's grasp . the kid howl , loving the show as Jack avoid the brother move from bar to bar like tarzan . * jack group newsie group * it be a fine life go get he , cowboy ! carryin ' the banner you got he now , boy ! * it be a fine life go get he , cowboy ! * carryin ' the banner you got he now , boy ! newsie group * go ! * the number end ( approximate time : 7:15 ) and the moment be break when a bell inside the World Building ring out . * mush * comin ' down de chute ! the delancey brother , reluctantly , give up the chase , and back towards the entrance to the World gate . morris we be not finish with you yet , Kelly . the gatekeeper unlock and swing open the huge gate . * Jack hang on . boot ride them , cowboy ! newsies yell out Jack 's name as he ride the gate ' till the last possible moment , then leap into the back of a wagon . Jack take a bow as the boy cheer , move into line . Les watch Jack , he new hero , as David pull he along . 4/8/91 yellow 15 . 20 ext . circulation office - loading dock - same time 20 newsies jostle for position at the window -- David shove and jostling like the rest . he manage to elbow in near the front . Les , hang back , have he eye on -- -- Jack saunter coolly to he natural place at the head of the line , flanke by boot and mush . he lean on the counter and grin at the rodent - face man inside the window : weasel , 40 . jack ya miss I , weasel ? weasel you know my name -- it 's weisel . mister weisel to you . how many ? jack do not rush I -- I be perusin ' * the mercandice ... Mr. weasel . * the newsies love it as Jack deliberately take a paper , turn and scan . see Les stare at he , Jack wink . Les smile back , fascinate . Jack turn back to weasel with a fifty - cent piece . jack the usual . weasel grab for the coin -- Jack flip it out of he * grasp and onto the counter . the newsies whoop . weasel hundre for the wiseguy -- next ! * oscar slam the papers down and Jack give they a quick * flip-count -- eye close -- as he move away . behind * he , Race and the other get they papers . * * jack scan the newspaper for a catchy headline ; Race , crutchy , the other wander up , do the same . a commotion o.s. and they look up to see -- -- at the window , weasel be in David 's face . * weasel ya get ya pape -- move outta here . * david I pay for twenty -- you only give * I nineteen ! ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 16 . 20 continued : 20 weasel ( loving it ) you callin ' I a liar , kid ...? David 's sweat , aware that all eye be on he . * david I want that other paper . the delancey start for David when suddenly Jack step * up , slam he hand on David 's papers , close he eye * and do a flip -count . the expert . * jack nineteen , weasel . a honest mistake -- on account of oscar * can not count to twenty with he * shoe on . * weasel glower -- but want to get back to business . he backhand Morris who look surprised . weasel next ! jack hold it . Race -- spot I two -bit . Race flip he a coin . Jack slap it on the counter . jack another fifty for my friend here . david I do not want another fifty -- ! jack ( move away ) sure you do . every newsie want more pape . David , puzzle , grab the papers and he and Les run after Jack -- 21 ext . newsie square - just outside gate 21 Jack move on as David and Les hurry after he . the gang trail along , watch , amused . david this papers be yours , I do not * take charity from nobody ! I do not * even know who you be -- ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 17 . 21 continued : 21 les cowboy ! they call he cowboy ! Jack turn , grin at les. jack that and a lotta other thing -- include Jack Kelly , which be what my mudder call I . what do they call you , kid ? les ( thrilled ) les. this be David , he 's my brother . he 's older . jack ( barely glance at David ) no kiddin' . how old be you , Les ? les near ten . jack no good . anybody ask , you be seven . ( as Les be appal ) younger sell more pape , Les -- and if we be gonna be partner -- david hold it ! who say anything about partner -- ? jack you owe I two bit , right ? okay , so I consider it a investment . we sell together , split 70 - 30 , plus you get the benefit of observin ' I -- no charge . crutchy ( to David ) you be gettin' the chance of a lifetime here -- you learn from Jack , you learn from the best . david if he 's the best , then why do he need we ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 18 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 jack I do not need you , pal . but I be not * get a cute little brother to front * for I . and Les here ... * ( smile down at Les who smile back up angelically ) ... with this kid 's puss and my god-given talent , we can easy move a thousand papers a week . whattaya say ? deal ? David be incredulous , but Les be plead . David sigh . david gotta split fifty - fifty . jack sixty -forty . or I forget the whole t'ing . David reluctantly offer he hand . Jack spit in he palm and shake . Les whoops and they move off , Jack already be the mentor -- jack the name of the game be volume , Dave . you only take twenty pape -- why ? david bad headline ...? jack first t'ing you gotta learn -- headline do not sell pape , newsy sell pape . we be what hold this town together -- without newsy , nobody know nuttin ' ! they move away from newsie Square as above they , the golden dome of the world build glisten in the morning sun . 22 int . world build - pulitier' office - day 22 a very large magnify glass in in the hand of someone o.s. -- it move across the front page of today 's World as we hear the headline be read by -- pulitzer ( o.s. ) ( read sarcastically ) ' trolley Strike drag on for third week ' -- this so-called headline drag on for infinity ! ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 19 . * 22 continued : 22 a hand smashes the paper onto a ornate desk beyond which cower three harry employee of the World , include seitz , 45 , the hard - bitten business manager . bunsen , the editor , and jonathan , a accountant . seitz the news be slow , Chief , the trolley Strike 's all we get -- pulitzer ( o.s. ) it 's all Mr. William randolph hearst have , too -- see how he cover the strike ! the magnify glass swing to a copy of the New York Journal with a large black headline : " nude corpse on rail -- not connected to trolley strike . " the camera come around to reveal joseph pulitzer , himself , a thunder presence in smoke - glass and a beard , wield the magnify glass like a gavel of judgment . pulitzer hearst be kill we in the circulation war -- and you give I headline that would put a whirling dervish to sleep ! bunsen ( nervous editor ) we will get a new headline writer , Mr. pulitzer . pulitzer steal hearst 's man -- offer he double what hearst pay . seitz that 's how he steal he from we . ( sigh ) Chief , you spend as much as you make fight hearst . that 's why the paper 's lose money -- pulitzer I create the World to be the best and I will spend whatever it take to -- ( stop ) what be that deafen noise ? it 's the newsies far below , barely audible to the other . seitz just the newsies , Chief , I will -- ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 20 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 pulitzer never mind -- where be I ? * seitz creating the World , Chief . * pulitzer this paper 's lose money because there 's too much fat , inefficiency -- not because I be fight to * make we number one ! well , we be go to cut cost , maximize profit -- and still beat the sock off hearst -- ( beat ) I want to know how by tonight . 23 ext . lower east side STREET - day 23 underscored : Jack lead David and Les through a open - air market crowded with cart and people -- all the sight and sound and smell of the melting pot . jack some newsy get corner , see -- same spot , same customer . I , * I like to keep move , enjoy the life of the big city . I spot a opportunity , I sell a pape . that 's the advantage of be a independent businessman , instead * of workin ' for wage . * David see two lover kissing on the step of a building -- he try he luck . david Paper , mister ? without break the kiss , the man kick out at David who jump away . shake he head , Jack whisper something to Les , who rush over to the Lovers , still kissing . les ( earsplit shout ) extry -- ' runaway carriage crushes cop ! ' the Lovers spring apart -- the man look like he 's go to throttle Les , but -- ( continued ) 4/12/91 ( pm ) buff 21 . * 23 continued : 23 woman ( lover ) ( coo ) oh , honey ... look at that sweet little lamb ... David , watch with Jack , can not believe this . Les come run back wave a coin -- les he gimme a dime ! he say I should go far away and keep the change ! Jack take the dime ; Les 's face fall . he flip it back . jack you be a natural , kid . you remind I of I -- and I can not say great than that . 24 omitted 24 25 ext . sidewalk - bare -knuckled boxer - day 25 duke it out as sidewalk spectator watch . the boy work the crowd , each in he own style -- david ( the rookie ) extra , ' trolley strike drag on ! ' jack ( the master ) nextry , nextry -- ' Ellis Island in flame -- big con-fla-gration ! ' david what -- ? where 's that story -- ? jack ( make sale ) page nine -- thank you , sir . nextry , ' thousands flee in panic -- ' david ( on page nine ) ' trash fire near immigration building frighten seagull -- ?' jack ' terrify flight from flame inferno ! ' thank you , much oblige -- ( continued ) ) J ( 4/22/91 tan 22 . * 25 continued : ( A1 ) 25 David be incredulous -- then see Les by the boxer move up to a spectator , assume a pathetic look . les buy I last pape , mista ...? he cough , Camille - like . make the sale . down the sidewalk Jack nod approvingly ; David be disgust . david we father teach we not to lie . jack mine teach I not to starve . so we both get a education . david you just make thing up -- like that headline . jack I do not do nothin ' the guy who write this stuff do not do . it be not lyin ' -- it 's just improvin ' the truth a little . Les come run back , wiping he mouth , with a quarter . les the guy give I a quarter ! Quick , gimme some more last papers ! david ( grab he ) hold it -- I smell beer ! les the guy bet I I would not drink some -- that 's how I make the quarter ! jack hey , no drinkin ' on the job -- it 's bad for business . what if somebody call a cop or something ' ? Les ' eye go wide as he see -- behind Jack -- a burly irish cop ( macswain ) hurry up with a cadaverous vul - ture of a man , snyder , who 's point straight at they -- ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 23 . * 25 continued : 25 synder there he be , officer -- do you duty ! Jack spin , see the man -- jack beat it -- the bull ! he race off . David , confuse , race after he , Les look very worried as he run with David -- les just for one little sip of beer -- ? Snyder and macswain in pursuit as Jack lead they into -- 26 ext . blindman be alley - continuous action 26 the boy pound down the alley , Snyder and macswain round the corner behind they , Snyder shouting -- snyder you , Sullivan ! stop , I say ! you hear I , Sullivan ? david who 's Sullivan -- ? jack mistaken identity -- all mick look alike to this bird ! les ( still worried ) one sip ! I do not even swallow it ! Jack lead they into the doorway of -- a26a int . tenement build - continuous action a26a they clatter up flight of stair -- Snyder and macswain clatter up below they , shouting -- snyder you young miscreant ! wait will I get you back to the refuge ! david the refuge -- ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 24 . * a26a continued : a26a jack sleeper ! he leap over a sleep man on the stairwell ; so do David and Les as they run out onto -- b26a ext . tenement roof - continuous action b26a more sleeper ; people live in makeshift shelter . Jack run to a plank stretch between two building . david I be not crossing that ! anyway , I do not think they be chase we -- Jack scoops up Les -- who 's loving it -- and carry he across the plank . jack no ? what be they doin ' then ? david I think they be chase you ! Snyder and macswain huff out onto the roof . David , still uncertain , look back at they -- the run across the plank . Jack calmly topple the plank to the street as the pursuer reach it , gasp for breath -- he give Snyder a little salute , then move on to a rooftop exit -- 26a ext . another STREET ( near theater ) - second later 26a the boy run out of a doorway onto the street ; Jack stop , look around carefully , as if expect Snyder to come bound out of the sky . David be burst with suspicion -- start to say something , but Jack shush he , lead they quickly , furtively into -- 26b ext . alley behind theater ( irving hall ) - day 26b Jack run to a side door and open it , wave David and Les inside . he follow , give a quick look around before he close the door . 26c int . theater - backstage 26c music lilt somewhere -- for a moment we do not know we be in a theater , as the boy huddle against a wall , catch they breath . ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 25 . 26c continued : 26c david I want some answer -- why be he chase you ? what 's the refuge ? jack the refuge be this jail for kid . that guy , Snyder , he 's the warden . les you be in jail ...? why ? jack I be starvin ' . I steal some food . david ( suspicious ) right , food . he call you ' Sullivan ' -- jack ( bridl ) yeah , food . my name 's Kelly , Jack Kelly , like I tell you . think I be lyin ' ? david you have a way of ' improve the truth . ' why be he chase you ? jack because I escape . les ( awestruck ) oh , boy . how ? jack this big shot gimme a ride out in he carriage . david ( sarcastic ) Bet it be the mayor , right ? jack Nah . teddy Roosevelt . ever hear of he ? David start to reply when he see something behind Jack * that make he mouth drop open . at the top of a short * flight of stair , a vision be frown down at they , * speak in a theatrical swedish accent . * ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 26 . * 26c continued : ( 2 ) 26c medda ( accent ) what be the meaning of this ? no one be allow backstage -- you will leave at once ! out , out , out , out -- she descend the stair grandly , shooing they away like pigeon . Jack turn to she and grin . jack you would not kick I out without a kiss goodbye , wouldya , medda ? surprise , she gasp in delight -- throw she arm around Jack . David can not believe it . medda 's accent quickly disappear . medda Kelly , where have you be , kid ? I miss you up in the balcony -- you know I sing all my song to you . jack this be David and Les . and this be the great star of the vaudeville stage today , miss medda larkson , the swedish meadowlark . medda ( accent ) welcome ! jack medda also own the joint . medda ( no accent ; to David ) do not ever own a theater , kid . do not even think about it . david ( awed ) I will not . I promise . medda ( see Les ) what have we here -- ? be not you the cutest little fella that ever be -- yes , you be -- ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 26a . 26c continued : ( a3 ) 26c les ( into he act ) buy my last pape , lady ? a Camille - cough . medda look at he critically . medda this kid be good . speak as one professional to another , I would say you get a future . jack okay if we hang here awhile , medda ? ' til a little problem outside go away ? medda as long as you like -- now the lark must warble . hey , you -- ( flag down a pass candy butcher ) -- give my guest whatever they want . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 27 . * 26c continued : ( 3 ) 26c she wink at the dazzle boy and hit the stage , sing : medda ( sing ) ' my lovey -dovey baby '... etc . David and Jack can not take they eye off she ; Les can not take he eye off the candy butcher 's tray ... 27 omitted 27 through through 33 33 34 ext . neighborhood STREET - night 34 Les be look green from all the candy as he follow Jack and David , balance on trolley track . in the distance , the faint sound of shout / singing . david it 's late , my folk will be worried ... what about yours ? jack they be out west lookin ' for a place for we to live -- ( take something from he pocket ) -- like this . it 's the cover of a dime novel with a blue - perfect sky over a perfect yellow desert ; a large red sun shine down on a perfect adobe . jack that 's sante Fe -- out in New Mexico ? soon 's pop find we the right ranch , they be sendin ' for I . les ( sleepily ) then you will be a real cowboy ... Jack nod quietly . David look at Jack , not believe a word of what he 's say ; see how much he want it to be true ... the singing grow louder , the haunt refrain of " seize the Day , " as the boy continue -- 4/8/91 yellow 28 . * 35 ext . another STREET ( around corner ) - night 35 down the street , a trolley be in flame , surround by a mob of shouting man . David look at it nervously . david why do not we divvy up at my place ...? you can meet my folk ... the mob be chase two man towards they , scream -- mob scab ! soak the scab ! etc . a conductor with a bloody head and terrify face run past they -- but conductor two be catch , tackle , beat -- David pull Les away -- david Jack -- let 's get outta here -- ! the boy move away , Jack look back at the beat . jack maybe tomorrow we get a decent headline . 36 omitted 36 37 int . david' apartment - night 37 the boy enter , Jack carry the sleep les. esther , 38 , be set the table . esther ( see Les ) my God ...! what happen ? david he 's just sleep , momma -- she quickly take he from Jack . mayer , 43 , be relieved but angry to see he son -- he right arm be bandage . mayer we have be wait dinner -- where have you be ? David say nothing ; cross to the table and dump the day 's receipt on it , look up at he father proudly . mayer you make all this sell papers ...? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 29 . * 37 continued : 37 david half of it 's Jack 's -- he 's we sell partner . and we friend . this be my parent . Jack nod awkwardly , start to say something when sarah , 16 , enter from another room with a armload of lace piecework . she 's beautiful -- Jack become instantly tongue - tie . david that 's Sarah . my sister . she smile -- Jack still can not find he tongue . mayer , see he awkwardness , step in -- mayer esther -- maybe David 's partner would like to stay for dinner . add some more water to the soup . esther ( mortify ) mayer ...! mayer laugh , join by Sarah and David -- and finally esther herself as she water the soup . Jack stand drink in the family 's warmth . 38 int . apartment - later 38 Les mumble in he sleep on a board stretch between two chair . Jack , eat heartily , he eloquence regain , hold forth at the dinner table . jack what I see today , I gotta say you boy be bear newsies , Mr. Jacobs . with my experience and they hard work -- just a little more , thanks -- ( third bowl of soup ) -- I figure we can pedal a thousand a week and not break a sweat . mayer that many ...? jack more when the headline 's good . sarah what make a headline good ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 30 . * 38 continued : 38 jack catchy word -- like , uh , ' corpse ' or ' maniac , ' or , let 's see , ' love nest ' or ' nude ' -- Sarah and David giggle ; esther look shocked . jack ( embarrassed ) ' scuse the language there , uh , maybe I be talkin ' too much ... mayer ( laugh ) you talk fine , Jack -- Sarah , get that cake you mother 's be hide in the cabinet ! esther that 's for you birthday tomorrow ! mayer I have have enough birthdays ! this be a celebration ! David leap up to fetch silver ; Sarah get a luscious chocolate cake from a cabinet -- david it 's only the beginning -- the longer I work , the more I will make -- mayer you work only until I go back to the factory ! then you go back to school , like you promise . all activity stop , a awkward silence . mayer look at he bandage hand . mayer it will heal ... they will give I back my job ... I will make they ... Jack see how worried the family be . no one seem able to speak , then -- les ( in he sleep ) ' gimme all ya get , baby ... ' the family be shocked -- except for Jack and David , who sputter into laughter . the celebration be restore -- Jack dig into a enormous slab of cake , look around at the smile face , for the moment feel he belong ... ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 31 . 39 ext . outside apartment - FIRE escape - later 39 Jack and David talk ; the family visible inside . jack how would you pop get hurt ? david the factory . a accident . ( bitterly ) he 's no good to they anymore so they just fire he . he 's get no union to protect he . Inside , esther be sing a lullaby to Les ; mayer call out to David . mayer David ? time to come in now . Jack look in at the warm family tableau : the lullaby , Sarah read to mayer . David , go in , see he friend 's expression . david why do not you stay here tonight ...? jack I get my own place ... but thanks . * you family 's real nice , Dave . * ( beat ) * like mine . * David nod , climb in the window . * david see you tomorrow . carryin ' the banner . jack ( smile ) carryin ' the banner . Jack watch as David rejoin the family inside , the warmth , the casual intimacy . he move off , sing : song : " sante fe " : 3:06 jack so that's what they call a family mother , daughter ; father , son guess that everything you heard about be true ( more ) ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 32 . 39 continued : 39 jack ( cont 'd ) so you ain't got any family well who say you need one ain't you glad nobody' waiting Jack start down up for you ? the fire escape to the alley below . when I dream on my own I 'm alone , but I ain't lonely for a dreamer night's the only time of day when the city's finally sleepin ' all my thought begin to stray and I 'm on the train that's bound for santa fe ... 40 ext . david' build - alley - night 40 jack and i'm free like the wind still sing , like i'm gonna live forever Jack drop off the fire it's a feeling time escape into the alley ; can never take away move to the sidewalk all I need be a few more dollar and walk off . and i'm outta here to stay dream come true yes , they do in santa fe 41 ext . neighborhood street - same time 41 Jack walk the street , jack past people cool where doe it say in the night air , you gotta live and die here ? outside they hot where doe it say tenement . a guy can't catch a break ? why should you only take what you're give ? why should you spend you whole life livin ' trapped where there ain 't no fut 'cha even at 17 breakin ' you back for someone else's sake if the life doesn't seem to suit ya ( more ) ( continued ) 4/19/91 cherry 33. 41 continued : 41 jack ( cont 'd ) how ' bout a change of scene far from the lousy headline and the deadline in between santa fe be you there do you swear you won't forget I ? if I found you would you let I come and stay ? I ain't getting any younger and before my dying day I want space not just AIR let ' em laugh in my face I don't care save a place i'll be there ... so that's what they call a Jack see two cop family come and instinc - ain 't ya glad you ain't that tively hide in the way ? shadow , finish ain 't ya glad you got a dream the song in the dark . call santa fe ...? 42 ext . newsies lodging house - same night 42 Jack approach the entrance as racetrack come down the sidewalk . jack how would it go at the track , Race ? racetrack that hot tip I tell you about ? nobody tell the horse . they smile and continue into -- 43 int . lodging house - lobby - continuous action 43 Jack and Race pay kloppman for the night . kloppman you miss you supper , boy . racetrack then we do not miss much , do we ? * ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 34 . * 43 continued : 43 jack I eat , Mr. kloppman , I ... ( sound strange to say it ) ... I be dinin ' with a family . Race and kloppman exchange look as Jack move on -- 44 omitted 44 44a int . lodging house - washroom - continuous action 44a Jack enter the empty room and walk past a row of wash basin to the last one . he reach beneath it , dislodge a brick and remove a small box . in the box be a tin Prince Albert tobacco can -- Jack put today 's take inside it . then he remove -- -- a photograph : fade , dog -ear . against a coney Island western backdrop , fake cactus , fake fence , a smile man and woman beam down at a small boy in a cowboy hat -- it 's Jack , about Les 's age , with he parent . Jack sit hunch under the basin , alone , stare at it ... 44b omitted 44b 45 int . pulitier' office - night 45 pulitzer in he shirt - sleeve glower impatiently as a prim 1899 - vintage number cruncher -- jonathan -- deliv - er the bottom line with chart , graph , etc . seitz lounge , yawn . jonathan actual income , as well as project income , against actual operate cost , as well as project operate cost , produce a reduce marginality of profit which in turn -- pulitzer seitz ! what in blaze be he talk about ? seitz say you need to make more money , Chief . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 35 . * 45 continued : 45 pulitzer of course I need to make more money ! but how do I make more money , you bloodless blot ? jonathan ( unflappable ) I have several proposal . the first be to increase the paper 's price -- pulitzer then hearst undersell I and I be in the poorhouse . brilliant . jonathan not the customer price -- the price to the distribution apparatus . exasperate , pulitzer look to seitz for a translation . seitz you mean the newsies ...? charge the newsies more for they papers ? bad idea , Chief . jonathan very well . my next proposal -- salary cut , particularly that at the very top -- pulitzer wait . what do the newsies pay now -- fifty cent per hundred papers ? if you raise it to sixty cent -- jonathan a mere tenth of a cent per paper -- pulitzer -- then that , multiply by forty thousand papers a day , seven day a week -- well , it would pay some of the bill around here . seitz Chief , if you do this , every newsie we get will head straight for hearst . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 36 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 pulitzer not necessarily . as newspapermen , hearst and I would cut each other 's throat to get the best of the other . but as businessman -- and gentleman -- we often agree on way to keep down certain operate cost . if I know Willie hearst , he 's go to wish he think of this himself . seitz what about the other papers -- ? pulitzer if we do it , they will all do it . it 's only a tenth of a cent -- nobody get hurt ! it 's good for the newsies -- a incentive , make them work harder , sell more papers ! now get I hearst on that contraption . seitz sigh and reach for the phone . 46 ext . newsie square - morning 46 Jack bounce into the square , still bask in the glow of last night . he look up to the chalkboard and see the headline : " bloody beating in trolley strike ! " he grin , give the high -sign -- a very salable headline . he move on to -- 46a ext . loading dock / circulation window - morning 46a something 's wrong -- angry shout , arm wave . puzzle , Jack shove through the angry newsies to -- kid blink they jack up the price ! ten cent a hunnerd -- I can eat two * day on ten cent ! * skittery * this will bust I -- I be barely * makin ' a livin ' now -- * bootsy * I will be back sleepin ' on * the street -- * ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 37 . * 46a continued : 46a mush it do not make no sense ! all the money pulitzer make , why would he gouge we ? Jack see weasel behind he window , grin . jack awright , pipe down ! do not you see it 's a gag ? just weasel bein ' a weasel . joke 's over , wease . gimme a hunnerd . he plop fifty cent on the counter . weasel 's grin get weaselier as he slide it back . weasel hunnerd will cost ya sixty , cowboy . jack I be not payin ' no sixty -- weasel then move outta the way -- jack you bet -- I move right over to the Journal . racetrack it 's the same at the Journal -- we check -- it 's the same everywhere ! jack why the jack - up , weasel ? weasel why not ? it 's a nice day . why do not you ast Mr. pulitzer ? he whacks the bell with he cudgel ; the delancey stir threateningly . weasel if you be not buyin ' pape , clear out ! World employee only on this sida the gate . jack it stink here anyway -- let 's go ! he lead the angry newsies out of the courtyard into -- 47 omitted 47 ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 38 . 48 ext . newsie square - continuous action 48 the angry boy crowd around Jack . kid blink they can not do that to we -- racetrack they can do what they want -- it 's they stinkin ' paper -- boot ai not we get no rights -- ? crutchy sure -- we get the right to take it in the t'roat ! racetrack it 's a rig deck -- why waste time kiddin ' ourselves ? they set the price , we gotta pay it -- mush we get no choice ! so let 's get we lousy pape while they still get some -- jack nobody 's goin ' anywhere -- they be not gonna get away with this ! everybody what can we do -- ( etc . ) les stop crowd he ! let he think ! they back off , become quiet -- every eye on Jack as he think . and think again . and again . finally -- racetrack ( tentatively ) Jack ...? ya still thinkin ' ... ? * Jack look at he , then the other : he jaw set . jack one thing for sure . if we do not sell pape , then nobody sell pape . nobody come through that gate ' till they put the price back where it be . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 39 . * 48 continued : 48 david you mean like a strike ...? jack yeah , a strike -- good idea , Dave . david ( alarmed ) no , I do not mean -- we can not strike , we be not a union -- jack we go on strike , we be a union , right ? keep it comin ' , Dave -- Jack 's move across the square , everyone follow , cheer , a momentum building . David move with he -- david ( plead ) there 's not enough of we -- maybe if we get every newsie in New York -- jack yeah , we organize -- we get all the New York newsies to join we ! this be great , Dave , keep talkin ' -- david it 's no joke ! you see what happen to that trolley worker -- jack another great idea ! any newsie do not join with we , we soak ' im -- just like the trolley worker ! david nooo ! stop and think , willya ? you can not just rush everybody into this ! the gang be cheer every word ; Jack stop at the base of the greeley statue , hold up he hand for quiet . jack Dave 's right again ! we gotta think this through ! Old man pulitzer and hearst and all they other rich geezer , they run this city . do we really think a buncha streetrat like we would have a chance against people like they ? ( more ) ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 40 . * 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 jack ( cont 'd ) the choice have gotta be yours -- be we gonna just take what they give we ? or do we strike ? the newsies be silent , falter , suddenly uncertain . then a small figure step forward and raise he fist : les Strike ! the boy explode -- a beat begin to build -- boot keep talkin ' , Jack -- tell we what to do -- Jack look desperately at David : what do I say now ? david uh ... uh ... pulitzer and hearst have to respect we rights -- jack pulitzer and hearst have to respect the workin ' boy of New York ! ( to David ) keep it comin ' -- what else . david uh ... they can not treat we like we do not exist ... song : " the world will know " approximate time : 3:30 . jack pulitzer and hearst they think we're nothing be we nothing ? newsie no ! david if we stick together like the trolley worker , they can not break we up . jack pulitzer and hearst they think they got US do they got US ? newsies no ! ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 41 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 david it 's like a union . the newsboy 's Union . be we really a union ...? jack even though we ain 't got hat or badge we 're a union just by saying so ... and the world will know boot what 's to stop someone else from sellin ' we pape ? jack we talk to them . racetrack some of them do not hear so good . jack then we soak them . david no! jack what' it gonna take to stop the wagon ? be we ready ? newsies yeah ! david no ! we can not beat up kid in the street ! it will destroy what we be try to do ! jack what' it gonna take Jack 's not listen now . to stop the scabber ? can we do it ? newsies yeah ! jack we'll do what we gotta do until we break the will of mighty bill and joe ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 42 . 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 all * and the world will know and the journal too * mr. hearst and pulitzer * have we got news for you now the world will hear what we've got to say we be hawkin ' headline but we're makin ' ' em today and our rank will grow crutchy hobble forward , raise he crutch . crutchy and we'll kick there rear all * and the world will know that we've be ... Jack jump down from the statue . jack ... here ! * he jump onto the back of a wagon . jack when the circulation bell two wagonload of nervous start ringing newsies come through the will we hear it ? gate . some leap off and join the striker -- most newsies stay on the wagon . no ! jack what if the delancey come out swinging will we hear it ? newsies no ! jack when ya got a hundre voice singing , who can hear a lousy whistle blow ? everybody and the world will know Race , mush and kid blink all * leap onto the wagon with that this ain't no game basket of rotten fruit . that we got a ton of rotten sing as a trio . fruit and perfect AIM . ( more ) ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 43 . * 48 continued : ( 6 ) 48 all ( cont 'd ) Jack step forward . so they give there word boot angrily throw a piece of rotten fruit toward the World Building . but it ain't worth bean now they 're gonna see what stop the presses really means and the day have come and the time be now and the fear be gone boot , apprehensive , look up at Jack in the wagon . boot and our name be mud all and the strike be on boot and I can't stand blood all and the world will ... jack Jack and the other jump pulitzer may own the down from the wagon and with world but he don't own US ! David and Les follow , move across the square . all pulitzer may own the world but he don't own US ! jack pulitzer may crack the whip but he won't whip US ! the newsies answer back . all pulitzer may crack the whip but he won't whip US ! cross the square , as all they move towards the gate , and the world will know sing up to pulitzer 's and the world will learn office in the dome at the and the world will wonder top of the World Building . how we made the table turn ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 44 . 48 continued : ( 7 ) 48 all and the world will see the delancey close the that we have to choose gate as weasel glare out that the thing we do today from the dock . will be tomorrow's news all and the old will fall the newsies interlock arm and the young stand tall form a chain of and the time be now resistance and solidarity . and the wind will blow and our rank will grow and grow and grow and so the world will feel the FIRE and fin'lly know ! Jack , excited by he power , be in full charge now . jack we gotta get word out to all the * newsies in New York ! I gotta have * some ... whattaya call them -- david ambassador . jack right ! you guy gotta be embastard and tell them we be on strike ! kid blink I will take harlem ! racetrack I get mid-town ! crutchy the bronx ! mush I will get da bowery ! jack bumlet , specs , skittery take queen ; pie eater and snotty , the East side -- snipeshooter , go with them ; okay , who want Brooklyn ? Spot conlon 's territory ? suddenly they all look like they have get something else to do . jack whatsamatter ? scare of Brooklyn ? ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 45 . * 48 continued : ( 8 ) 48 boot we be not scared of Brooklyn . but Spot conlon make we a little nervous . jack well , he do not make I nervous . you and I , boot , we take Brooklyn . Dave can keep we company . okay , Dave ? David look up ; Jack grin , challenging he . David come right back at he . david sure . right after you take we demand to pulitzer . jack ( grin fade ) me? ( look up at the dome ) to pulitzer ? david ( he turn to grin ) you be the leader . Jack look at the huge door of the World Building , steeling himself . he start for they , then have a think -- beckon to Les , who run to join he , thrilled . jack maybe the kid will soften he up a little . shout encouragement , the newsies clear a path as Jack and Les march up to the big door . Jack pound on they and there 's a hush as everyone wait , watch -- include a handsome , well - dress man in he thirty , bryan denton . the huge door swing open like the mouth of a whale and Jack and Les disappear inside . the newsies cheer . Denton move next to David . denton what 's go on ? david they be go in to present we demand to pulitzer . denton what demand ? ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 46 . * 48 continued : ( 9 ) 48 david the newsies ' demand . we be on strike . Denton look around , a little amaze . he take out a notebook . denton I be Denton , New York Sun . what 's you name ? david ( suspicious ) David ... denton David . as in David and goliath ? ( off at door ) you really think old man pulitzer 's go to listen to you demand ? david he have to . at that instant , the big door swing open and Jack and Les be spat out like two seed . jack ( yell back ) so 's you ol ' lady ! tell pulitzer he need a appointment with I ! the door slam shut ; Denton scribbles , intrigue . 49 int . newspaperman' restaurant - day 49 Jack , David and Les devour a tray of sandwich as Denton take note . newsmen at other table glance over curiously as Jack hold forth . jack ( a mouthful ) -- so this snooty mug be sayin ' , ' you caw not see Mr. pulitzer , no one see Mr. pulitzer ' -- real hoity - toity , you know the type -- les ( also a mouthful ) Real hoity - toity -- ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 47 . * 49 continued : 49 jack -- so I say , ' I be not in the habit of transactin ' business with no office boy -- tell he Jack Kelly be here to see he now . ' les that 's when they throw we out . denton do not it scare you go up against the most powerful man in New York ? jack ( bravado ) yeah , lookit I , I be tremblin ' . Denton smile , close he notebook . get up , hand David a card . denton keep I inform -- I want to know everything that happen . david be we really a important story ...? denton what 's important ? a year ago I cover the war in Cuba -- charge up San Juan Hill with Colonel teddy Roosevelt . a very important story . now it do not seem so important -- except teddy 's we governor and probably on he way to the White House . be the newsies ' strike important ? it all depend on you . jack ( stop he ) my name really gonna be in the papers ? denton any objection ? jack not as long as you get it right -- Kelly , Jack Kelly . and , Denton ? no picture . Denton smile and shrug . David suspect Jack 's think of Snyder . ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 47a . * 50 ext . brooklyn bridge ( matte shot - brooklyn side ) - dawn 50 Jack , David , boot be walk as we widen out to reveal the magnificent bridge against a dawn sky . they all seem a little nervous . david I have never be to Brooklyn -- have you guy ? boot spend a month there one night . david this Spot conlon ... be he really as bad as they say ...? Jack and boot look at each other and laugh ; they keep laugh as they walk along -- david I say something funny ? come on , tell I -- he bad or not ? what 's the joke ? tell I , willya ? ( etc . ) we keep widening as the figure get smaller and Jack and boot keep laugh and David keep ask about Spot ... 4/8/91 yellow 48 . * 51 omitted 51 through through 54 54 55 ext . brooklyn waterfront - day 55 on a rotted and collapse pier be a batter sign : " brooklyn excursion - close . " hunched under the pier be a tough kid play a harmonica , he eye fix on -- -- Jack , boot , David as they cautiously approach through the no-man 's land of mud and junk . boy appear like hostile Indians -- behind they , to the side of they , in front of they -- silently escort they under the pier . David look very nervous as they be halt , and the harmonica play a signal , then stop abruptly . from behind some rotting timber step a freckle gnome . he look they up and down , then grin . he be spot conlon . spot if it be not Jack be nimble , Jack be quick . Jack meet he challenging grin with one of he own . jack you be movin ' up in the world , Spot -- get a ocean view and everything . Spot and Jack exchange " heh-heh . " David 's get more nervous . spot so I be hearin ' thing from little birdy in harlem and queen and all over . they be chirpin ' in my ear : ' jackie-boy 's newsies be playin ' like they be goin ' on strike -- ' david ( blurt ) we be not play -- we be on strike -- it 's -- Spot 's eye click like switchblade in David 's direction -- so do he henchmen' . spot what 's this , Jackie boy ? some kind of walkin ' mouth ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 49 . * 55 continued : 55 jack ( unintimidate ) it 's a mouth with a brain -- and if you get half - a- one you will listen . tell ' im , davey . David look at Jack wide - eye : " I ? " scare to death , he start -- as Spot 's henchmen begin circle he like jackal . david uh ... we start the strike but ... we can not do it alone , so ... we have be talkin ' to newsies all over the city ... spot so they tell I . and what do they tell you ? David look nervously at the circle henchmen . david that ... they be all wait to see what Spot conlon do . that you be the key ... ( as Spot puff himself up ; David see a open ) that Spot conlon be the most respected and ... famous ... newsie in New York ... and probably everywhere else ... Spot signal the henchmen to stop circle ; wait for more , lap it up . david and ... if Spot conlon join the strike , they will join and we will be unstoppable so you gotta join and ... well ... you gotta ... he trail off . Spot nod , turn to Jack . spot you be right . brain . ( harden ) but I get brain , too -- and more than half - a- one . how do I know you punk will not run the first time some goon come atcha with a club ? how do I know you be in it to win ? ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 50 . * 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 jack ' Cause I be tellin ' you . spot not good enough , jackie-boy . you gotta show I . he turn and walk away . David and boot exhale in relief -- but Jack suddenly grab a rope hang from the wharf and swing in front of Spot . jack maybe you lose you gut , spotty - boy -- ( as Spot freeze ) -- or maybe you trade them to some chicken for that beak of yours . ( in Spot 's face ) maybe you gotta show I you be not afraid to join the strike . murder 's in the air : David and boot be paralyze ; the henchmen be ready to explode . Spot 's eye be lock on Jack 's for a excruciate moment -- then Spot grin . spot Nice try , pal . but that 's just what I be talkin ' about . ( serious ) show I this strike be not just some kid do - or-dare , then we will talk . 56 omitted 56 through through 58 58 59 ext . newsie square - afternoon ( same day ) 59 with a bucket of red paint , crutchy paint a portrait of pulitzer on a old bedsheet . around he , newsies roll hoop , play marble , tag , leap -frog , etc . look like more of a holiday than a strike . Jack , David , boot return from Brooklyn . racetrack so where 's Spot conlon ? Jack look disgustedly at the activity . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 51 . 59 continued : 59 jack he be concerned about we bein ' serious -- you imagine that ? some newsies gather around , concerned . kid blink without Spot and the other , there be not enough of we ... mush maybe we be movin ' too soon , maybe we be not ready -- skittery definitely should put this off a coupla day , definitely -- pie eater hey , Jack -- you ready ? I be ready ! he 's swinging a picket sign . jack at least somebody 's get the right idea . pie eater who else be ready for stick -ball ? he tear the sign off the stick and swing it like a bat . jack who we kiddin ' here . Spot be right . just a game to this guy ... crutchy hey , Jack -- get a loada this ! he 's wave the bedsheet with the scowling devil- mask of " Joe p " paint on it . Jack smile as crutchy parade with the banner , the other newsies begin to notice . across the square , Denton lounge with he notebook , * study the newsies as if he , too , be concerned about * how serious they be . * David watch crutchy parade with the bedsheet ; other * newsies put aside they marble , hoop , etc. , and watch . * sense a moment , David move among they , beginning to * sing : ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 52 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 song : " seize the day " david OPEN the gate and seize the day as David sing , don't be afraid and don't delay the other join in . nothing can break US they stand wait , no one can make US arm interlocked , as give our rights away the gate begin to arise and seize the day * open ... david now be the time group to seize the day now be the time to seize the day david send out the call group and join the fray send out the call and join the fray david wrong will be righted if we're UNITED all let US seize the day david friend of the friendless seize the day group friend of the friendless seize the day david raise up the torch and light the way group raise up the torch and light the way all * proud and defiant we'll slay the giant let US seize the day neighbor to neighbor father to son one for all and all for one newsie group # 1 * OPEN the gate and seize the day newsie group # 2 * OPEN the gate and seize the day ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 53 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 newsie group # 1 * don't be afraid and don't delay newsie group # 2 * don't be afraid and don't delay newsie group # 1 * nothing can break US no one can make US give our rights away all * neighbor to neighbor father to son one for all and all for one 59a ext . newsie square / gate - day 59a music continue as the gate swing open and wagon load with papers , follow by the nervous non-strike newsies , be reveal . weasel and the delancey carry * club ... * -- Jack signal and boot , Race and the boy loose a volley of rotten fruit -- with a shrill cry , the newsies * rush into the courtyard and leap onto the wagon -- * Denton watch nearby , write it all down . David move among the rank of terrify non-strike newsies , exhort they -- david throw down you papers ! join the strike ! ( etc . ) many of they do -- rip up they papers , shouting -- -- the delancey slog through a storm of rotten fruit ; cornere some newsies by the wagon . they be raise they club when -- -- paint begin to dribble onto they head -- they look up and the whole bucket be dumped in they face by crutchy . they lunge for he , drip -- he duck away , poke at they with he crutch -- -- Jack and the other toss bundle after bundle of papers from the wagon -- they be tear to shred , toss in the air -- a blizzard of newsprint and then : shrill police whistle -- ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 54 . * 59a continued : 59a jack cheezit -- the bull ! the newsies scatter through the snowstorm of paper as three mount policeman gallop into the square -- crutchy , hobbling as fast as he can , fall -- a large hand snatch he up -- Morris , grin through the paint . but no one notice as -- the newsies leap , cheer in triumph , through the drift - ing shred of paper , as they vanish in all direction -- 59b int . pulitier' office - morning 59 B he stand at the window with seitz . weasel hover nearby , awestruck in the presence of pulitzer . seitz I do not think they be just go to go away , Chief . weasel just give I the mean , Mr. pulitzer . I will take care of they for you . pulitzer turn he godlike gaze on weasel , who seem to shrink slightly . pulitzer study he a moment . pulitzer ( to seitz ) give he whatever ' mean ' he require , I want this nuisance over and do with . he look back down at the square , where crutchy 's crude portrait of he , lie crumpled on the pavement , stare back at he . 60 omitted 60 through through 63 63 64 ext . house of refuge - night 64 a dark cheerless building loom over a empty street . into frame step Jack and David , Jack with a rope . jack the House of refuge ... my home - sweet-home ... ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 54a . 64 continued : ( A1 ) 64 he crouch -run across the street David follow nervously . david how can you be sure they send crutchy here ? ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 55 . * 64 continued : 64 jack how can I be sure the delancey stink -- ' cause that 's how thing work . a orphan get arrest , Snyder get he send here to be ' rehabilitated ' -- ( lassos a chimneypot on the roof ) -- the more kid in the refuge , the more money the city send to take care of them , and the more Snyder can steal . ( start climb ) he 's here alright . David , look around nervously , start climb after he . 64a ext . house of refuge - roof - night 64a Jack and David creep along above some large bar window . Jack loop the rope around he waist , swing over the edge -- 65 ext . / int . house of refuge / bunkroom - night 65 David watch from the roof as Jack tap on a window . a inmate , tenpin , 9 , look up and grin . tenpin cowboy ! ya miss the joint ? jack whattayasay , tenpin . you get a new guy , crutchy -- tenpin the gimp ? I will get he for ya . Jack take a railroad spike from he belt and begin pry at the bar , talk conversationally up to David who 's terrify someone 's go to hear they . jack that 's tenpin -- s'pose to get out last Christmas but Snyder keep tackin ' more time on he sentence -- david ( shushing frantically ) be quiet -- they will hear you --! ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 56 . * 65 continued : 65 crutchy appear , grin at Jack dangle on the rope . crutchy hey , whattaya hangin ' around here for ? that Dave up there ? hiya , Dave ! David plead for silence . Jack pries at the bar . jack go get you hat , crutch -- kiss Snyder good - bye . crutchy ( evasively ) yeah ... hey , shoulda see I in court today -- old judge movealong monahan hisself ! take he two minute to move I along to Snyder for 'my own good . ' jack later , crutchy -- get you stuff . crutchy stop Jack 's hand pry at the bar . crutchy listen , Jack ... truth be , I be not walkin ' so good . oscar and Morris kinda work I over a little ... jack they hurt you ...? do not worry , we will carry you -- crutchy ( vehemantly ) I do not want nobody carryin ' I -- never ! Jack look up : crutchy 's eye flash with pride . then he smile , soften . crutchy it be not so bad here . get three square , sorta , and there 's some swell fella ... ( up to David ) they still talk about how Jack ride outta here on that coach ! ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 57 . * 65 continued : 65 david ( sigh ; resign ) teddy Roosevelt 's . right ? crutchy you already hear the story . david you mean it 's true --? crutchy hear something and quickly shush they : Jack disappear from the window ; crutchy slump into a bunk and pretend to sleep -- just as Snyder come into the room . utter silence -- -- except for Snyder 's footstep as he walk slowly down the aisle between the bunk . he stop at the window , he back to it . crutchy sneak open he eye to see -- -- Jack , behind Snyder , swinging past the window , arm stretch in a balletic arabesque -- -- crutchy struggle not to laugh ; tenpin and some other see what 's go on . they all fight laughter as -- -- Jack swing back and forth behind Snyder , strike difference pose as he pass the window : the breast stroke , run on air , a bird with flap wing ... -- from the roof , David look down in disbelief : then smile -- nothing Jack do would surprise he any more . -- Snyder glare suspiciously at the boy , sense something be go on . behind he , Jack float past as a angel -- Snyder wheel around , look -- -- but the window be empty . puzzle , he walk out of the room . the instant he 's go , the boy explode in stifle laughter . we move in on crutchy as he laugh until the tear come ... 65a ext . nearby STREET - night ( later ) 65a Jack and David move down the desert street . jack crutchy will not last in there ... I see stronger guy than he not make it . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 58 . * 65a continued : 65a david do you really escape in teddy Roosevelt 's coach ? jack not in it . on it . david what be he do at the refuge ? jack runnin ' for governor . showin ' he concern , like all pol during election . david teddy 's not like other politician . he 's the biggest hero in the country . jack anyway , he 's there . I see he fancy coach waitin ' for ' im , so I sneak on top of it . teddy get in and he 's wavin ' goodbye , and all the guy be wavin ' goodbye , and Snyder 's wavin ' -- ' good -byeeee , Colonel Roosevelt ! ' so just as we be goin ' out the gate , I stand up and -- ( wave ) ' good -byeee , warden Snyder ! ' it be in the pape and everything . david ( laugh ; then ) he 's governor now . I do not understand how he could see that place and not do anything -- jack he only see what Snyder want he to -- good food , everything the city pay for that Snyder usually steal . david I will bet if he just know -- I mean , he 's a hero -- jack last year he be a hero . this year he 's a politician . ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 58a . 66 omitted 66 through through 69 69 70 ext . world courtyard - early morning 70 weasel move down a line of frighten young scab newsy clutching they papers . he stop in front of -- -- a burly thug , 20 , and behind he two dozen more , all clutching newspaper . weasel okay , ' newsy ' -- you check the funny papers this morning ? the thug unfold they paper -- inside be club , chain , brass knuckle , sap . in the distance , we hear music begin : the march pulse of the strike anthem ... ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 59 . 70 continued : 70 thug # 1 before we bust face , we want we * money . weasel put money in they hand as they file past . the * music be build and -- * 71 ext . newsie square - morning 71 song : seize the day explode into full energy as Jack and David lead the newsies across the square towards the gate . the newsies OPEN the gate and seize the day don't be afraid and don't delay nothing can break US no one can make US give our rights away arise and seize the day ! as the newsies converge on the gate -- 72 ext . gate - morning 72 the gate swing open and the young scab newsy file nervously out -- cannon fodder -- as we newsies line up and wait for they . David lead a chant -- david join we ! join we ! etc . some of the scab decide fast -- they throw down they papers and run to the newsies where they be welcome with cheer and handshake -- but then -- jack ( see something ) look out -- ! a wagon be roaring out of the gate full - speed -- barrel - * ling towards the line of newsies -- * -- the newsies scatter -- the line break as the wagon roar through , and right behind it be -- -- the army of thug , charge through the gate with club and chain wave -- ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 60 . * 72 continued : 72 -- dozen of scattered battle break out as the newsies fight back as best they can -- Denton watch at the edge of the square -- nearby he be six policemen , also watch , do nothing . denton why do not you stop this -- ? cop ( policeman ) ( look at he coldly ) you better move along , mister ... Denton turn , pick up something -- a large camera and tripod . he move off quickly -- -- scattered skirmish all over the square -- club swing , fist flail -- the thug move the newsies back , try to box they in -- -- weasel and the delancey , back up by other thug , be force Jack , David , Race , mush , boot and blink into a tight circle . the boy fight back as best they can , dodging the brutal club and sap . as the circle tighten , weasel 's eye be gleam with gloat -- weasel Strike 's over , boy . something seem to sting he in the neck -- he slap at it as if at a mosquito . then other thug begin slapping -- all over the square , thug be slapping and look around in puzzlement -- then -- -- the bell clang as it 's hit by a good-size stone . Jack look up as David point excitedly to the roof where -- -- it 's Brooklyn to the rescue : Spot conlon 's gang be pelting the thug with volley from they slingshot -- and Spot himself be swinging through the air on a chain hoist into the square . he grin as Jack run up -- spot so , ya show I ! now I will show you what Brooklyn can do --! the thug retreat from the merciless slingshot -- Jack rally he newsies and lead a scream charge as the thug hurry behind the gate , close they . Jack and Spot spit in they palm , shake hand as -- ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 61/62. 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 * musical reprise : " seize the day " begin again ; jubilant , victorious -- skittery now be the time to Jack leap on a loose horse , pull David up all and they lead a impromptu seize the day victory parade . racetrack the police fade away ; send out the call and spectator who have watch it all begin to all applaud . many throw seize the day coin , bill , or show other sign of support ... bumlet wrong will be righted all seize the day pie eater when we're UNITED all seize the day seize the day seize the day seize the day seize the day seize the day seize the day seize the day 73 omitted 73 74 ext . rooftop overlooking square -- day 74 Denton flash a photo as music end and we see -- 75 int . SUN - PRESS room - day 75 the front page of the Sun spin off the press -- a big headline : " the children' crusade " and a large picture of the newsies , with Jack very prominent . we hear excite cheering as we go to -- 76 int . newspapermen' restaurant - day 76 a boisterous and happy celebration as dozen of newsies snatch copy of the Sun from Denton as he pass they out -- ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 62a . 76 continued : 76 -- waiter bring trays of sasparilla and cold cut -- everybody talk at once -- * racetrack lookit this -- just lookit this , willya -- ? spot where 's I pitch 'a ? where 's I pitch 'a ? boot all they word -- be they all about we -- ? mush lookit Jack -- he look like a general or sumpin ' ! spot where 's I name ? where 's it say I name ? david listen ! listen up , everybody -- ! ( read ) ' like a small but rise storm , the infant newsboy ' union continue to gather force -- ' loud cheer . mush hey , ya write sweet , Denton -- real sweet . Denton smile ; Jack be in the center , try to keep cool . david ( read ) ' they leader be a child of the New York street with a red bandana and a golden tongue , Jack Kelly -- ' jack where 's it say that ...? spot stop t'inkin ' about yaself and let ' im read ! ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 63 . 76 continued : 76 david ( read ) ' the latest clash demonstrate that the publisher might do well to reconsider they strategy of just wait out the strike -- ' ( to Denton ) * that 's they plan ? to just wait we out ? ( continued ) GREEN 4/10/91 64 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 denton you be kid . they think you will get tired , or bored , or maybe just too hungry . and with my colleague on the other daily not allow to cover you -- he look pointedly at a group of reporter leave the restaurant , shame - facedly averting they eye . denton -- they can just ignore you until you go away . jack we be not goin ' away . we will never go away . david that 's what we gotta show them -- we gotta do something ' they can not ignore , something ' big -- jack we will do it up big , all right -- we will show them we be not tired , or * bored , and the hungrier we get , the more we fight -- ( as Denton start write ) we will have a rally -- every newsie * in New York -- and we be gonna send * a message : there 's a lot of we and we be not goin ' away -- we will keep fightin ' until doomsday if it mean gettin ' what 's ours ! his eloquence be spellbind ; the newsies be silent , look at he with new respect . then , from somewhere , there be a smatter of applause . they look to see -- -- at the door , the group of reporter applaud -- guilty applause maybe , but still applause . one of they take a dollar and put it in the box mark newsies strike fund -- another follow suit , then another , and another ... Jack and the newsies watch -- then Jack begin to applaud the reporter . the newsies join in , clap , whistling , as the reporter hurry out , feel a little better about themselves . ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 65 . 77 int . house of refuge - snyder' office - day 77 snyder pop a messy eclair in he mouth -- from a large platter of they -- as he glance at the New York Sun . crutchy , with a featherduster , be eyeing the eclair when he see the picture in the Sun. crutchy that 's Jack -- ! hey , he look just like hisself ! Snyder look at the picture : instant recognition . snyder you know this boy ...? crutchy him ? Nah . snyder ( smarmy smile ) you have a famous friend , this ' Jack .'... do you know where he life ...? crutchy I never see the guy , honest . ( hit he head with he palm ) this brain of mine , always makin ' mistake . get a mind of its own . he hobble out quickly . Snyder look at he , eye narrowing . 78 omitted 78 through through 90 90 90a int . irving hall - wing - day 90a a juggler struggle on stage . medda , wait to go on , check she makeup as Jack and David talk to she . medda darling , I love you -- I wish * you luck on you rally , I be behind * you one hundred percent . but I be not run a union hall here -- this be a theater , a temple of art . and well - know money pit . jack we get money , medda . some , anyway . ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 66 . * 90a continued : 90a David see he take money out of the Prince Albert can . david we will take a collection at the door . we will pay whatever you ask . medda it 's not the money . I depend on the papers . they write good thing about I , the customer flock here like sheep . they give I the pan , I be the one who get shear . david you be afraid of they , too ... jack medda 's gotta look out for herself same as anybody . we will find another place . david how can they make a whole city afraid ? we be the one put we neck on the line -- all we need be for somebody to have the gut to stand up and show they we be not alone ! medda they have the power to destroy people ... david they can not destroy you if you fight they -- only if you let they own you ! medda ( softly ) you be so young ... she look back out at the stage ; Jack pull David away . then -- medda get to be on Monday night . I be dark on Monday night . Jack look at she , smile . he try to put he money in she hand : she refuse it . ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 66a . 90a continued : ( 2 ) 90a jack take it , medda . please ...? * ( as she do , * reluctantly ) * thanks . * medda do not thank I . thank Mr. wisenheimer guilt-maker of 1899 there . she wink at David and move off to the stage . stricken * to the core , David watch she begin to sing . * ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 67 . * 91 int . newsies ' lodging house - night 91 mush painstakingly charcoal " newsies rally -- irving hall " on a piece of cardboard . newsies be scattered in the lobby make handbills , sign , poster . kloppman come in and stop short , see a dark figure at he counter , go through he register . kloppman can I help you ? the figure turn -- Snyder smile he smarmy smile . snyder do you have a ' Jack Kelly ' register here ? I wish to see he . the boy look up , alert . kloppman dislike Snyder on sight . kloppman ' Jack Kelly ...? ' any of you boy know a ' Jack Kelly ' ? snipeshooter unusual name for this part . skittery I know a Jack somebody once . prob 'ly not the same guy . racetrack you mean Jack Kelly -- ? behind Snyder , they see Jack bounce in the front door . racetrack try to signal he -- racetrack -- he be here but he put a egg in he shoe and beat it . Jack see Snyder -- but instead of run back out the door , he can not resist mock he behind he back . the newsies snicker ; kloppman be die . snyder I have reason to believe he 's a escape prisoner . possibly dangerous . kloppman oh , dear I ... dangerous ? my file be in the rear -- this way , please . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 68 . * 91 continued : 91 he try to move Snyder away , silently implore Jack to go -- but Jack take he time , pick up a leaflet , elabo - rately approve it , pocket it and stroll out , blow good night kiss . the newsies crack up -- Snyder wheel around suspiciously . racetrack thrust a leaflet in he face . racetrack ( palm extend ) give to the newsies strike fund , mista ? Snyder try to look around the leaflet -- then it catch he eye : " rally against pulitzer . " he take it thoughtfully , make a connection . smiling dangerously , he dig out a penny and drop it in the surprised racetrack 's hand . 92 omitted 92 &amp ; &amp ; 93 93 94 ext . david' build - FIRE escape - early morning 94 the orange glow of a sunrise be reflect in the window . Sarah appear inside , in a modest nightgown . she open the window and breathes in the morning air . then she see Jack hunch against the wall on the fire escape , shiver . sarah ( startle ) do you sleep there ? why do not you wake we up ? jack do not wanna disturb nobody ... anyway , it 's like the waldorf out here ... great view , cool air -- she glance back in the apartment . sarah go up on the roof . she pop back inside . he shrug , climb onto -- 95 ext . roof - morning 95 Jack stretch , shadow - box : something crackle in he pocket -- the rally leaflet . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 69 . * 95 continued : 95 he 's look at it thoughtfully as Sarah climb up behind he in a shawl , with a bundle . she see the leaflet . sarah it 's all get so big . the family 's very worried about the boy . and you , too . jack you mom and pop be worried about I ...? sarah ( shyly ) the whole family ... she unfold the bundle to reveal a breakfast of bread and milk . he dig in hungrily . sarah David say you be move away when the strike 's over . to Santa fe. I have never be out of the city . jack ( chew ) you would like it out there -- they get this big yellow desert and the air 's real blue , see , from the sky , and the sun , it 's bigger out there . sarah ( smile ) it 's the same sun as here . jack no . no , it be not ... ( beat ) not that I be there or nothin' . sarah guess you parent write you about it . Bet you can not wait to see they again . jack ( look away ) sure ... big family reunion . soon 's I get the dough for train fare . sarah David say you spend all you money to rent the theater . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 69a . * 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 jack sound like you and Dave do not do nothin ' but talk about I . sarah we do not . jack not that I blame you -- I bein ' such a interestin ' guy and all -- sarah ( smile ) be you ...? they be smile , they face close ; for a instant , a kiss seem inevitable . but suddenly a gust of wind catch the leaflet and sail it off the rooftop . Jack lunge for it -- knock over the milk , squashing the bread with he elbow . he look up at she sheepishly . jack what would I tell ya -- interestin' , right ? Sarah giggle . the leaflet gyrate in the wind as we go to -- 96 int . pulitier' office - day 96 another leaflet read " rally against pulitzer " ( the one Snyder take at kloppman 's ) be in pulitzer 's hand as he listen to mayor van wyck , very nervous . nearby be police chief devery . mayor ( sweat ) of course the city be very concerned that this , uh , event do not get out of hand , but ... Chief ? chief we can not just charge in and break it up , Mr. pulitzer -- we get no legal cause . pulitzer look as if he know something they do not . ( continued ) pink 3/28/91 70 . 96 continued : 96 pulitzer would the fact that this rally be organize by a escape criminal be cause enough , Mayor ? mayor a escape criminal ...? pulitzer a fugitive from one of you prison , Mayor -- a convict thief who 's be at large for some time under the alias of ' Jack Kelly . ' his real name be ...? Snyder slink out of a corner , humble in such august company . snyder Sullivan , you honor -- Francis Sullivan . I would have catch he before now but -- pulitzer you know warden Snyder , do not you , Mayor ? I believe you appoint he . the Mayor nod ruefully ; not one of he best appoint - ment . mayor if this boy be a fugitive , then the chief can quietly arrest he and -- pulitzer not quietly -- I want a example make . I want this rabble he 's rouse to see what happen to that who dare to -- well , they should see justice in action . mayor arrest he at the rally ? but ... pulitzer by the way , Mayor , I be have a few friend for card that night -- newspaper friend , Willie hearst , Gordon bennett . perhaps you will join we -- we can talk about the come election . ( continued ) 4/19/91 cherry 71 . * 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 mayor ( too eager ) I would be honore ... thank you . pulitzer dismiss they and they start out , Snyder ooze backwards , the Mayor now all business with Chief devery . mayor Chief , when you arrest this Kelly , you would better go in force -- in case some of he misguide friend should start any trouble . as they go , pulitzer pick up he magnify glass and examine the leaflet . we CUT away as he stare through the glass so he seem to be look at -- 97 omitted 97 &amp ; &amp ; 98 98 99 ext . irving hall - boot ' excite face - night 99 boot fill the screen as he shout -- boot extry , extry -- newsies take noo yawk ! swarm of excited newsies engulf boot as he pretend to hawk the imaginary headline . they cascade toward the entrance where Jack and David shake hand , slap back as they flow past . kloppman go past , then Denton . Sarah and Les be nearby . jack hey , Denton -- sit down front ! you be the guest of honor ! denton ( shake he head ) I be work press tonight . ( look around ) the only work press . as usual . david as long as you keep write about we , they be gonna know we exist . 99a int . theater 99a boy swarm into the seat , fill the theater -- down front , the pit band play a spirite tune . 4/19/91 cherry 72 . 100 omitted 100 101 int . pulitier' mansion - night ( sudden silence ) 101 * as a butler pass cigar in a silver humidor to five man in formal clothes around a table as pulitzer break the seal on a deck of card . the Mayor be next to he . the room be cavernous , austere . pulitzer you know the boy , Mayor -- Mr. bennett of the tribune , Mr. Taylor of the Times , of course you know Mr. hearst -- and this be a new member of we little group , Mr. gammon , who just come back from Europe ... gammon , a portly fop in muttonchop , shake the Mayor 's hand . pulitzer * Mr. gammon own the New York Sun . * they all light cigar as pulitzer begin to deal . 102 omitted 102 103 int . irving hall - night 103 the place be pack . the band play and a thunder * cheer go up as Jack , David , and Spot conlon leap on the stage . Jack raise he hand and the noise subside , the band stop . everybody look at Jack -- expectant silence . he let it build for a moment , then -- jack carryin ' the banner ! audience ( a roar ) carryin ' the banner ! the noise threaten to blow the roof off the theater as we see -- 104 omitted 104 &amp ; &amp ; 105 105 4/19/91 cherry 73 . * 105a ext . nearby STREET - night 105a a column of mount police clip-clop down the cobble - stone . the cheering from the theater , block away , be faint in the night air ... 106 int . irving hall - night 106 the noise subside and Jack speak . jack we come a long way but we be not there yet -- and maybe it 's only gonna get tougher from now on ! that mean we get tougher too -- ( as a huge roar go up ) -- it also mean we get smarter ! that 's why we be gonna listen to my pal David and stop soakin ' the scab -- several in crowd no ! they ask for it -- etc . racetrack whatta we s'pose to do -- kiss them ? jack I personally would not go that far , Race . spot ( jump up ) any scab I see , I soak them -- period ! david that 's just what they want you to do -- so they can say we be just thug -- spot I do not care what they say -- some of we be not make to just take it ! I say anybody hurt we , we hurt they worst ! who 's with I ? a large faction roar in agreement ; argument break out as -- by entrance door Sarah stand next to Denton and kloppman . behind they , the door crack and in slide Snyder . kloppman see he and whisper urgently to Denton , who start move after he . ( continued ) ) T ( 5/15/91 GREEN ( 2 ) 74 . 106 continued : 106 back to scene loud voice , fist start to fly , chaos -- jack that 's right -- start fightin ' each other ! prove what the big shot say be true -- we be street rat with no brain and no respect for nothin ' -- includin ' ourselves ! ( as they quieten ) here 's how it be : we do not stick together , we be nothin' . we do not trust each other , we be nothin' . we do not act together , we be nothin ' -- and we might as well go back to the street where we belong . what 's it gonna be ? ( look at Spot ) whattaya say , Spot ? spot I say -- he look out at the crowd ; the expectant face , wait , afraid it 's all go to fall apart . then back at Jack . spot I say ... what you say ... I say ! spit in he palm and they shake . a huge roar go up and the boy thrust they hand up in triumph -- but the applause be not for they but for the curtain rise behind they revealing the dazzle vision of medda , who walk smile downstage and begin -- * ( continued ) ) S ( 5/10/91 yellow ( 2 ) 75 . * 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 medda ( sing ) high time , hard time sometime the livin ' be sweet and sometime there's nothin ' to eat but I always land on my feet so when there's dry time I wait for high time and then I put on my best and I stick out my chest and I 'm off to the race again medda hiya , newsies -- what 's new ? they roar ; racetrack 's on he foot -- racetrack hey , medda , anytime you be off to the race , remember -- I get all the winner ! medda you be all winner here tonight , racetrack . just be with you make I feel kinda extra extra . mush ( " fainting " ) I be dead , I be in Heaven -- somebody gimme a harp ! medda but you never know what life will bring . over the year , I have develop quite a outlook -- kid blink oooo , lookout for that outlook ! medda and all kind of people be always ask my advice , well , for instance -- ( continue -- song ) ( continued ) ) S ( 5/10/91 yellow ( 2 ) a75a . * 106 continued : ( 3 ) 106 medda ( sing ) my good friend the mayor , he call I today say all the voter be turning away ' help I , ' he cry , 'or they will give I the ax ! ' I say , ' you honor , youse got to relax . ' everybody ! all high time , hard time sometime the livin ' be sweet and sometime there's nothin ' to eat but I always land on my feet so when there's dry time I wait for high time and then I put on my best and I stick out my chest and I 'm off to the race again medda move through the crowd : medda you boy sing as sweet as songbird . mush lookit I , I be a bird , I be flyin ' , I be flyin ' -- kid blink it 's a beautiful , medda , I tellya , I never hear such beautiful ! boot ( offer a blue marble ) my prettiest one , medda -- it 's like you eye . medda ( move ; kiss he ) thank you , boot . would you keep it for I ? for luck ? boot beam happily as she move to -- ( continued ) ) S ( 5/10/91 yellow ( 2 ) 75a/75b . * 106 continued : ( 4 ) 106 racetrack medda , whattayasay -- you and I , Saratoga . we catch the race , maybe a nightclub -- ( off she expression ) I be dreamin ' , huh ? it 's some other guy -- right ? medda I be afraid so , Race ... she turn to a little boy and sing -- medda ( sing ) so you old lady don't love you no more so you're afraid there's a wolf at you door so you got STREET rat what scream in you ear the boy boo and hiss . medda you win some , you lose some , my dear all it's high time , hard time sometime the livin ' be sweet and sometime there's nothin ' to eat but I always land on my feet so when there's dry time I wait for high time and then I put on my best and I stick out my chest and I 'm off to the race again I put on my best and I stick out my chest and I 'm off to the race again ! medda and dance girl start it but the boy quickly join in -- belting out the lyric with one great swell voice , together , celebrate -- ) S ( 5/10/91 yellow ( 2 ) a75c . 107 ext . irving hall - night 107 the happy song roar inside the theater as the mount police begin to form a half - circle around the entrance . a paddy wagon clop up and some foot police dismount , among they Officer macswain whom we meet before . 108 omitted 108 through through 111 111 4/8/91 yellow 75c . 111a ext . irving hall / stage entrance - night 111a weasel , the delancey , roll up in two wagon , each fill with club bear goons . 4/19/91 cherry 76 . 112 int . irving hall - night 112 the song fill the hall as Jack , happy and proud , see Sarah smile at he , reach out he hand and pull she on stage . David be watch this when someone signal he -- Denton , who point he finger at -- Snyder edging closer to Jack , check the time on he pocket watch . he have something in he hand -- a tin police whistle . he put it to he lip and be about to blow it when Denton move up behind he and -- denton be not you warden Snyder ? Snyder nearly swallow the whistle -- denton I be Denton of the Sun . I have hear about you work with young people . I wonder if you would agree to a interview ? Snyder blink at he , glance at he watch , then lower he police whistle , smile modestly . on stage David try to move to Jack to warn he but Race and the other have form a chorus line and drag he into it . David shout over the song -- david Jack -- you have gotta get out of here ! Snyder ! ( as Jack cup he ear ) Snyder ! Jack can not hear over the song but Snyder do -- denton ( interview ) be it Snyder as in ' snide ' ? furious , Snyder blow the police whistle for all he 's worth . instantly police burst in from every door -- all converge on Jack . immediately he leap off the stage into the arm of several boy below -- then fight he way out the front door -- 113 omitted 113 4/19/91 cherry 77 . 114 ext . irving hall / front - night 114 Jack rush out and slide to a stop -- -- the mount police form a half - circle cut he off -- and from behind they , weasel , the delancey , and the thug move through the horse towards he . Jack have no choice -- he turn and race back into -- 114a int . theater 114a Jack dart past the cop back down the aisle where -- Snyder be wait for he at the foot of the stage , crouch like a football player . as he start to pounce on Jack -- ( continued ) pink 3/28/91 78 . 114a continued : 114a -- David fly off the stage onto he back -- Snyder stumble around as David hang on in a wild piggyback ride . a cop pull he off and hurl he to the floor -- -- Sarah scream , see what 's happen to David -- Les , sobbing , kick furiously at the cop 's leg . Sarah pull she little brother away as -- -- weasel and he thug burst in the door , club swinging . the newsies scatter , try to escape -- but at each exit door more cop be move in -- -- Denton , horrify , shout at the cop to stop -- a thug crack he on the head and he stagger , bloody ... -- Spot , Race , boot dart into the wing and start work the pull rope -- -- cop converge on Jack at the foot of the stage , back away , he leap on stage desperately look around when he hear behind he -- weasel show 's over , cowboy . he turn to see weasel and the delancey grin at he , club in they hand . they start toward he and suddenly disappear -- straight down the trap door that 's suddenly open beneath they foot . Jack see Spot at a lever in the wing -- racetrack curtain goin ' up , Jack -- ! Race and boot jerk the rope of the fire curtain and Jack leap for it as it start to rise -- boot try to reach the skylight -- ! cop leap for Jack 's leg as he rise above they head up into the fly . he hang on , thrust one fist into the air and shout -- jack carryin ' the banner ! in the theater , the batter newsies cheer , hearten . cop be try to herd they out -- -- David cheer , pull for Jack as he watch he rise -- Officer macswain have David by the arm -- suddenly -- ( continued ) ) S ( 5/10/91 yellow ( 2 ) 79 . * 114a continued : ( 2 ) 114a -- weasel , climb out of the trap , hurl he cudgel -- it sail end over end and -- -- Hit Jack in the side -- he plummet into the mass of cop and be engulf in blue uniform . 114b in wing 114b David , chase by macswain , race across the stage and up the dress room stair . macswain nab he , they be struggle ; suddenly , at the top of the stair -- medda ( the grand lady ) unhand that boy this instant ! ( as macswain look up , startle ) I say hand off the kid , you red - face baboon ! get out of my theater -- out , out , out , out , out ! David twist away as macswain back stumblingly down the stair as medda descend on he in full fury . medda if you be tired of beat up child , maybe you would like to try a lady next . confused and intimidate , the irish cop look at she -- then duck he head shamefacedly and move away . medda run , David , hurry -- david they get Jack -- medda you can not help he if you be in jail , too ! you be right , David -- you have get to keep fight they -- always . ( kiss he ) now go . please . David look at she , very move , then go . she turn back to she theater -- the sound of the melee sweep over she . she watch , tear welling in she eye ... 115 omitted 115 ) T ( 5/15/91 GREEN ( 2 ) a79a . 116 int . courtroom - morning 116 a dingy room fill with dusty light . a bailiff announce -- bailiff awrise , awrise , court be now in session , judge e.a. monahan preside . weasel be in the gallery as judge movealong monahan , hungover , wind a pocket watch , take the bench and glance down at a group of batter newsies , include Spot , Race , and boot . monahan any of you represent by counsel ? no? good . that will move thing along considerably . David see Denton come in , a neat bandage on he head . spot judge movealong , ya honor , I object . monahan on what grounds ? spot ( proudly ) on the grounds of Brooklyn , ya honor ! the newsies congratulate spot. monahan gavel . monahan I fine you each five dollar or two week confinement in -- racetrack five buck ! we be not get five cent ! denton ( stand ) I will pay the fine . all of they . judge pay the clerk . next . the newsies mob Denton boisterously . * all * thanks , I owe ya , you be a right * guy , Denton , etc . * ( continued ) ) T ( 5/15/91 GREEN ( 2 ) 79a /80 . * 116 continued : 116 denton ( subdued ) meet I at the restaurant , all of you . we have to talk . racetrack talk and eat , right ? on you , huh , pal ? they laugh and clap he shoulder as he look uncomfort - able . suddenly David gasp , see Jack lead out in shackle , he face bruise and swollen . everybody stare , horrify . jack hiya , fella ! hey , Denton -- guess we make all the pape this time , huh ? how would my picture look ? denton none of the papers cover the rally . not even the Sun. Jack be stunne , David bewilder , as Denton turn abruptly and leave the courtroom . the bailiff shove Jack in front of the bench . Snyder slip in from a side door . bailiff case of Jack Kelly , incite to riot , assault , resisting arrest . snyder judge monahan , I will speak for this young man -- jack ( mock surprise ) you two know each other ? ai not that nice . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 81 . * 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 monahan just move it along , warden Snyder . snyder this boy 's real name be Francis Sullivan ; mother decease ; father a convict in the state penitentiary -- David , the newsies , be stunne as Snyder continue . snyder he be currently a escapee from the House of refuge , where he original sentence of three month for theft be extend six month for disruptive behavior -- jack -- like demandin ' you give we the food you steal from we -- snyder -- follow by a additional six month for a attempt escape -- jack ( fight tear ) -- last time be not no attempt , remember , Snyder ? I and teddy Roosevelt wavin ' bye- bye -- snyder -- therefore , I ask that he be return to the House of refuge -- jack -- for my own good , right , movealong ? -- and for what Snyder kick back to ya -- snyder -- and that the court order he incarceration until the age of twenty - one -- david / newsies snyder ( on they foot ) -- in the hope that we no ! you can not do that ! may yet guide he to a no ! etc. useful and productive life . monahan so order . next . the newsies shout angrily as Jack be lead away , struggle . weasel slip out the door , smile . ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 82 . * 117 omitted 117 &amp ; &amp ; 118 118 119 int . newspaperman' restaurant - day 119 David , Spot , Race , mush , boot , blink pick dispiritedly at a plate of knockwurst . Les , hungry as always , finish a large sausage and take another as he listen . kid blink he will not be there long -- the jail be not build that Jack can not bust outta . boot they be buildin ' some mighty good jail this day ... racetrack so where 's Denton ? david he say he would be here . ( beat ) we can not let this stop we . we gotta keep the strike go , just like Jack be here . mush ( the sad truth ) yeah , but Jack be not here . racetrack we know that , genius -- if he be here , he would be tellin ' we what to do when he be not here . spot ( get up ) you bummer be givin ' I a headache . david where you goin ' ? we need you . Spot sigh : he hate have to explain the obvious . spot nachally Spot conlon be need wherever -- which right now be Brooklyn . some of my boy be worried , I must give ear to they concern -- ( more ) ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 82a . 119 continued : ( A1 ) 119 spot ( cont 'd ) ( slam fist in he palm ) -- and reassure they . as he start out , he pass Denton , come in . Denton hardly notice he as he move up to the table and be greet ( ad lib ) by the boy . he seem grim , bitter . david why do not the Sun print the story ? denton because it never happen . david / all never happen ; whattaya mean ? etc. ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 83 . * 119 continued : 119 denton if it 's not in the papers , then it never happen . the owner decreed that it not be in the papers , therefore ... ( beat ) I just come to tell you fellow goodbye . they exchange puzzle look . David see Denton 's expression . david Denton , what 's happen -- you get fire or something ' ? Denton force a breezy tone . denton reassigned -- back to my old job as the Sun 's ace war correspondent . the owner think I should be cover only the ' really important ' storey . so wish I luck , boy . at least half what I wish you . ( to David ) they do not always fire you , David . he move off ; David , stunne , hurry after he . david they buy you off ... do not they ? do not they ! denton they could have blackball I from every paper in the country . I be a newspaperman , I have to have a paper to write for . he look at David ; hurt , betrayed , angry ; wish there be more he could say . he hand he something from he coat . denton this be the story I write about the rally . I want you to read it at least . he hand it to David and go . David return to the other , angrily crumpling the story and hurl it onto the table . the boy look puzzle ; Les , still eat the sausage , pick up the story and look at it curiously . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 84 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 david * ( decisively ) * we bust Jack out of the refuge * tonight . from now on , we depend * on nobody but the newsies . * 119a omitted 119a 119b ext . house of refuge / wall - night 119b David lead Spot , blink , boot , mush , Race as they crouch and creep along the wall . Spot carry a rope . David look up , search for a window . indicate one . david that 's where we see crutchy ... he start to throw up the rope when boot hiss from the corner , beckone furiously . they hurry over and peek around the corner to see -- 120 ext . house of refuge - courtyard - night 120 a carriage be wait . the boy watch as a door open and two figure emerge . one be Snyder , the other be Jack . they get into the carriage and it start toward the boy -- who quickly duck out of sight as it clip - clop past and enter the street . mush where they takin ' he ...? david one way to find out . meet I back at the square ! David run after the carriage , leaping onto its back . he flash the high-sign to the boy as the carriage move off into the night . 121 omitted 121 &amp ; &amp ; 122 122 123 ext . pulitzer mansion - night 123 David hang on to the back of the carriage , peer around to see some huge stone gate as it move into a circular drive and stop . he see a figure wait : ( continued ) 4/19/91 cherry 85 . 123 continued : 123 seitz get he inside . David watch as Jack be lead inside by Snyder . 124 omitted 124 125 int . pulitier' mansion - night 125 a butler lead seitz , Snyder and Jack across a marble floor , they footstep echoing in the luxurious hall . jack very impressive . so where do they keep the train in this station ? seitz show he into a elegant library . Snyder try to follow but seitz stop he , close the door . Inside , Jack look around to see the impose figure of pulitzer stare at he , frame by luxurious furnishings . for a moment , the two just stare at each other . then -- jack ( grin ) sorry to see you be not doin ' so good , Joe . * 126 ext . mansion - at carriage - night 126 the Driver stroll around the rear of the carriage -- just as David slip beneath it and begin to crawl care - fully toward the front . find the lynch -pin that hitches the horse to the carriage , he reach for it -- just as the horse snort and pull the carriage forward a few step . the Driver hurry back to the rein . with the Driver 's boot a few inch from he face , David wait for another chance ... 127 int . pulitier' study - night 127 pulitzer pace , watch Jack look at the book , the art , at frame front page ; headline of the world 's great event ... ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 86 . * 127 continued : 127 pulitzer know what I be do when I be you age ? I be in a war . the Civil war. jack I hear of it . you win ? pulitzer people think war be about right and wrong . they be not . they be about power . you know what power be ? jack Heard of that , too . I do not just sell ya pape , Joe . sometimes I read them . pulitzer ignore the impudence , continue quietly . pulitzer power mean that I could see to it that you serve you full sentence at the refuge . or I could pull string and have you free tomorrow . it mean I could give you my pocket change -- and you would have more money than you would likely ever earn . jack you bribin ' I , Joe ? thanks for the compliment , but I be not get the power to stop the strike -- pulitzer I disagree . you be the spirit of the strike , without you , they would fall apart in a few day . jack Ring for my coach , willya ? it 's past my bedtime -- pulitzer shut you mouth and listen ! ( as Jack look up , startle ) you be go to do exactly as I say -- ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 87 . * 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 jack -- or what ? you will send I back to the refuge ? I will bust out again -- pulitzer -- and be a fugitive who 's pursue and catch and return . I be offer you a choice -- be that what you choose ? jack I tell ya ... I can not call off the strike . pulitzer I be not ask you to . all I ask be that you return to you old job -- as newsie for the the World . jack and be a scab ? forget it -- pulitzer for a few day . then the strike end -- and it will end , boy , make no mistake -- and you can go wherever you want to buy a ticket . free and clear , with money in you pocket ... and no one chase you . Jack be silent , troubled . pulitzer push a buzzer . pulitzer you go back to the refuge . think it over in you cell . let I know in the morning . 128 ext . pulitier' house - night 128 David be hide by the gate with the lynch -pin in he hand . Snyder be wait by the carriage . the front door open -- seitz and Jack walk out and appear at the top of the entrance stair . David call out -- david Jack ! ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 88 . * 128 continued : 128 Jack be surprised . he look at Snyder and seitz , pull away from seitz , slide down a bannister , and leap to the ground . Snyder lunge for Jack , who manage to evade Snyder 's reach . snyder ( to the driver ) after he ! the driver whip the horse forward but be jerk off he seat as the carriage separate . the horse run off . amidst the confusion , David and Jack tear through the gate way ahead of Snyder . seitz ( step up to Snyder ) do not worry . he 's get no place to go . 128a ext . nearby STREET / stone pillar - night ( second later ) 128a at the pillar , Jack stop run . david why be you stoppin ' -- we have get to run ! jack you should not 'a do this , David . they could put you in jail -- david it 's worth it -- let 's go -- jack you go to jail , what happen to you family ? you do not know nothin ' about jail ! thanks for what you do , but you gotta get outta here -- david I do not understand -- jack I do not either -- I do not understand nothin ' no more ! Jack push David down the street . jack just go ! ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 89 . * 128a continued : ( 2 ) 128a David look over he shoulder and run off , leave Jack alone on the street . Jack step into the shadow as we ... CUT to : 128b int . house of refuge 128b as Jack step back into the light , the camera widen and we realize he 's back in the House of refuge . Jack begin to sing softly : reprise : " santa fe . " Jack sit in a small dark room -- a isolation room ; moonlight shine through bar window ; there 's a door with a small serve panel in it . jack santa fe my old friend I can't spend my whole life hidin ' you 're the only light that's guidin ' I today Jack look up as the serve panel open and crutchy peer through , offer he something furtively : a boil potato . crutchy snitched it offa Snyder 's plate when I be servin ' he -- the biggest one ! ( as Jack shake he head , look away ) Snyder be eatin ' good tonight -- the stuff we do not never get ? * patatas ... olive ... ( mouth water ) ... liver and bacon . sauerkraut ... ( grin ) guess what I do to he sauerkraut . jack ( irritably ) so what 's it git 'cha ? crutchy anudder three month , prob'ly . but you can not let them beat ' cha , right , Jack ? jack we be beat when we be bear . crutchy , concerned , hear something and close the panel . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 89a . 128b continued : 128b jack Jack look at the will you keep a candle moonlight shine burnin '? through the bar ... will you help I find my way ? you 're my chance to break free and who know when my next one will be ? santa fe wait for I 129 omitted 129 through through 140 140 141 ext . newsie square - at gate - morning 141 the newsies chant at the crowd in the courtyard : ( continued ) ) o ( 4/26/91 ivory 90 . * 141 continued : 141 newsies stop the World -- do not scab , stop the World -- do not scab , etc . David move among they , look like a leader now . david nobody sell a pape today -- we be hurtin ' they and they know it ! remember -- no soakin ' , no hittin ' -- etc . the gate open , the wagon start out , follow by nervous scab flanke by cop and goons . the chant build as the scab parade by , then suddenly -- spot look ... I be seein ' t'ing ... tell I I be see t'ing -- ! David and the other look in disbelief -- walk with the scab be Jack , wear a tight new suit , flanke by weasel and other goons . as Jack move past , stare straight ahead , the chant die ... racetrack what 's he doin ' with the scab ...? kid blink it be not happenin ' ... it can not be happenin ' ... mush hey , Jack -- it 's I , mush , lookit I -- look , willya ? boot where would he get they clothes -- ? weasel ( as he pass ) Mr. pulitzer pick them out hisself . a special gift to a special new employee . only not so new , huh , cowboy ? spot he sell we out ! ya dirty scab , I will murder ya -- ! Spot try to bust through the goons but they hurl he back . David , confuse , angry , run alongside Jack , shouting across the smirk weasel as they march along -- ( continued ) ) o ( 4/26/91 ivory 91 . * 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 david this be why you would not escape last night -- why would you do it ? talk to I , you liar ! what else do he give you to sell we out -- money ? what else ? look at I ! ( as Jack keep walk ) you lie about everything -- headline , you family -- ( as Jack keep look - ing straight ahead ) -- because nobody count but you -- nobody or nothing ! look at I . David lunge for he and weasel grab he , hiss . weasel I be gonna be lookin ' for you , wiseguy -- ( grin ) -- or maybe you would like a nice new suit of you own . David twist away , try to rally the newsies . david keep after they -- we do not need he ! ( start the chant ) stop the World -- do not scab ! etc . some chant halfheartedly , confuse , demoralize . a few toss down they picket sign in disgust . David move among they , desperately try to keep the chant go . the scab move on , pass Les , who give Jack a stricken look as he move away . les ( to himself ) he 's just foolin' them ... so he can spy on they or something ... ( with certainty ) that 's it . he 's spyin ' on them . he 's gotta be . 142 omitted 142 &amp ; &amp ; 143 143 144 int . david' apartment - day 144 David sit in the window , brood . ( continued ) ) o ( 4/26/91 ivory 92 . 144 continued : ( A1 ) 144 mayer be remove the bandage from he injure hand , help by les. Sarah and esther work on lace piecework . esther that hand be not ready to work . mayer flexe he finger , pale from be bandage so long . ( continued ) pink 3/28/91 93 . 144 continued : 144 mayer ready or not , it can handle a broom . he get he coat ; Sarah , look for something , find a stain paper package under a sewing basket . sarah ( hold up the package distastefully ) what be this ? les hey -- I be save that ! he grab the package and unwrap it -- revealing a half - eat knockwurst -- throw the wrapping on the floor . irritably Sarah start to throw it away when she see it have write on it . mayer ( to David ) do not be too hard on you friend . maybe he have he reason for do what he do . les ( chew knockwurst ) I tell you . he 's spyin ' on them . mayer there . you see ? mayer smile and go . Sarah move to David with the stain papers . sarah it 's Denton 's story . ' the Dark Truth : why we City really fear the newsie Strike , by bryan Denton . last night I see naked force exercise against mere boy , the newsies , who earn at best a few penny a day . I wonder why so much , against so little -- ' David refuse to listen ; he angrily step out on the fire escape and stare off into the city . Sarah keep read to herself . what she read disturb she . 145 omitted 145 &amp ; &amp ; 146 146 4/19/91 cherry 94 . 147 int . dorm / newsies lodging house - night 147 the gang look sullenly at the door where kloppman be ushere in two policeman . kloppman he will only be a minute . please , no trouble . a policeman stand aside and Jack enter , in the new suit . utter silence . the police escort he the length of the dorm and into -- 147a int . washroom - night 147a Jack go straight to he hide place and remove the box . he look inside and be startle -- -- a dead rat be inside the box , cover with tiny piece of the photograph with he family . his money be go . he toss the box aside ; he eye harden . the police escort he back into -- 148 int . dorm - night 148 a few snicker as he move toward he bed . racetrack stand hold a bundle of Jack 's belonging : he shove it into Jack 's chest and do he delancey routine . racetrack dear I , what be that unpleasant aroma -- ? ( as Jack 's fist clench ) go on , take a shot -- I bust you scab face , ya yellow - liver , * rotten stinkin ' piecea garbage ! * Jack just look at he , unclench he fist . he move for the door , as one by one the newsies turn they back on he . 149 omitted 149 through through 151 151 152 int . world build - basement - night 152 the big presses pound rhythmically somewhere o.s. in the building . a candle illuminate weasel 's gloat face as he lead Jack down a flight of rickety stair . ( continued ) 4/19/91 cherry 95 . * 152 continued : 152 weasel ( over the noise ) Mr. pulitzer say nothin ' but the best for you , cowboy . he take care of he loyal employee -- and he 's put I personally in charge of seein ' that you stay a loyal employee . he open a door and they enter -- 153 int . old PRESS room - night 153 weasel light a lantern and Jack see a wooden bed , a old printing press , junk , all cover with dust . weasel you try any trick , and I go straight to Mr. pulitzer . ( grin ) will you be requirin ' anything else ? then I bid you good night . he go . the great presses thunder heavily somewhere in the building above , like a judgment . Jack look at the bleak room , bury in dust and noise . 154 omitted 154 155 ext . circulation window - morning 155 with the other scab , Jack step up for he papers . weasel show he usual charm . weasel sleep well , cowboy ...? Jack ignore he , move off with he papers . the delancey pass by ; Morris grin at he , bounce a club in he hand . oscar come wit ' we , cowboy -- we be gonna fix you pal davey today -- fix ' im so 's he can not walk no more . morris shuddup ! he backhand Morris in the chop and they move on . Jack start after they , alarmed -- then he see weasel . ( continued ) 4/19/91 cherry 96 . * 155 continued : 155 weasel lift one finger ... and you be right back in the refuge . Jack stop , tear . he nod meekly , move off . weasel look satisfied . 156 omitted 156 157 ext . baxter STREET - day 157 Sarah , with a basket of lacework , be come down the street , Les dawdle behind , in a bad mood . sarah Les , come on -- you be suppose to be help I today . les ( sulk ) I would rather be soakin ' scab . he stop to kibbitz a game of marble in a alley . Sarah walk on -- suddenly a man step in front of she . oscar ( grin ) ' scuse I , sweetface . she try to step around he but Morris be there . he " accidentally " knock she lacework into the gutter . Les see it -- and race towards the delancey -- les get away from my sister ! he flail at Morris -- who effortlessly shove he flat on he bottom and turn , grin , to Sarah . morris where 's ya brudder , tootsie ? where 's little davey ...? sarah ( calmly ) you ... stupid ... ape ! on " ape , " she sock he square in the grin -- he recoil , lick a bloody lip . behind he , she see David round the corner -- ( continued ) ) o ( 4/25/91 grey 97 . 157 continued : 157 sarah David ! run -- get away ! oscar grab Sarah from behind and lift she up , taunting . oscar yeah , run , davey ! we get the best parta ya family right here ! David , furious , run down the sidewalk towards they . Morris slip on some brass knuckle in anticipation . Sarah struggle , scream -- sarah David , no -- do not -- ! oscar hang on to Sarah , enjoy himself -- suddenly , from behind , two hand grab the rim of he derby and jerk it down to the bridge of he nose . blind , he release Sarah and stagger around , try to pry the hat off he eye . Les look up to see -- les Jack ! Jack flash he a grin as he work on Morris 's bread basket . just as oscar frees himself from the derby , David leap on he like a fury . punch fly and the delancey beat a quick retreat down the sidewalk , yell back -- morris ya better run , cowboy -- we be tellin' weasel ! you will be back in the refuge by supper time ! oscar yeah , run , ya lousy coward -- run ! but they be the one run . David , catch he breath , look at Jack , beginning to understand . david could not stay away , huh . * jack guess I can not be somethin' I be not . david a scab ...? * jack nah. smart . * Jack shrug , smile . David look at he worriedly . ) o ( 4/25/91 grey a97a . 158 omitted 158 through through 160b 160b ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 97a . * 160c ext . david' FIRE escape - day ( later ) 160c Jack , David , Sarah thoughtfully on the escape . david without you , the strike 's fall apart ... jack I get no choice . I stay here , they lock I up ' till I be twenty - one . Les clamber out with a pair of mayer 's cast - off high - button shoe . les Jack , for the trip -- a pair of cowboy boot ! sorta . mayer with a bundle of clothes ; esther with food come to the window . she give it to Jack . esther who know what 's to eat where you be go ? mayer ( give the clothes ) a few thing of mine and David 's . wish we have money to give you ... jack ( very move ) who need it ...? I go down to the train yard , hop I a freight , go in the best style -- free ... mayer I do not know what 's wait for you in Santa Fe , but you will always have family here . they embrace he and move away . a awkward moment -- Jack pick up the bundle to go and -- sarah ( decisively ) you be not go to run away . they will just come after you . you have to fight they . ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 98 . * 160c continued : 160c jack they get it all wrap up , Sarah and nothin ' I can do be gonna make one bit of difference . sarah you be wrong . you touch people you do not even know about . she remove the stain page from she shawl . sarah Denton 's story . jack Denton look out for hisself just like I gotta do -- so save it . sarah just listen ! ' the man who run this city be terrify of the newsies strike -- because other child laborer in the factory and sweatshop be hearing the message of the newsies leader --' les that 's you ! he 's writin ' about you ! sarah ' in the voice of Jack Kelly , this child hear strength and pride . most of all , they hear hope ... ' Jack listen questioningly . jack keep read . can this word really be about he ...? as we go to -- 160D ext . alley - late afternoon 160D Denton read he own word : denton ' -- and that be what terrify the power - that - be , for they know we city thrive on the shame of child labor . therefore , Jack Kelly 's voice must be stop , whatever the cost ... ( stop ) damn good write , be not it ? ( continued ) ) R ( 5/8/91 - pink ( 2 ) 99 . 160D continued : 160D Jack have listen somberly , move . jack all they sweatshop kid be listenin ' to I ...? ( continued ) ) o ( 4/26/91 ivory 100 . * 160D continued : 160D denton they think if the newsies can do it , why can not they ? all they need be a leader . jack the minute I show my face , I be back in the refuge . denton you would have help this time . I have be investigate the refuge -- I know somebody who 's go to be very interested in Snyder 's little racket . david ( wryly ) what happen to the ace war correspondent ? denton this war will do for now . sarah whatever happen , it 's Jack 's decision . he 's the one in danger . they look expectantly as he stare off , deep in think . les Jack ...? you thinkin ' ...? jack yeah ... I be thinkin ' of newsie Square full of kid ... david ( pick it up ) ... another rally , right under pulitzer 's nose , and not just the newsies -- jack -- every workin ' kid from every sweatshop in New York . we gotta get the word out -- let 's go get the newsies -- ( catch himself ) they still think I be a scab ... les I will tell them you be a spy ! ( continued ) ) o ( 4/26/91 ivory 101 . * 160D continued : ( 2 ) 160D denton how're you gonna reach all this people ? no paper in New York will print anything about the strike . jack we be newsies , be not we ? so we make we own paper . david be quiet and let I think . jack whattaya need to start a paper ? writer , right ? so we get Denton . what else ? les advertisement ! ( as they look at he ) cartoon ? denton ( the cold fact ) a printing press . and no paper or printer be go to defy pulitzer . the other look discourage ; Jack 's think again . jack Les . go set I straight with the newsies , okay ? tell them to meet we later at the World Building . Les race off on he mission ; the other look question - ingly at Jack . jack so happen I know a guy with a printing press . 161 omitted 161 through through 165 165 165a int . world PRESS room - pulitier' presses - night 165a the huge presses pound out papers ; a loud thudding rhythm shake the building -- pink 4/1/91 102 . 165b int . world bldg . - basement ( as in sc . 152 ) - night 165b the thudding rhythm seem very near . Jack lead Sarah , David , Denton , Les down the rickety stair with a candle . jack they be right above we -- and if weasel catch we , it will not be just I they will throw in the slammer -- they can barely hear over the din of the presses . sarah what -- ? jack I say shhhh ! -- or we all go to jail ! the other shush he hastily ; music begins as they go into -- 166 int . basement PRESS room - night 166 Denton head straight for the old press , check it over expertly . Jack direct the other to ink , paper , etc. , as -- musical number : " the point of no return " begins : david what' that ? jack shhh ! you 're makin ' I nervous ! david sorry . sarah watch out ! david there's somebody there . sarah where ? jack stay calm ! david / sarah but -- ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 103 . 166 continued : 166 jack i'm beggin ' ya ! cheese it , souse it . choke it , douse it . david * but -- * jack don't you bummer get what I 'm sayin ' this ain't hide and seek that * we're playin ' one false step and they will be in here one stray hair , they will know we be here question -- it's too late for ' em answer -- we can't wait for ' em we're at the point of no return Denton find the type - font : David be ready to ink the roller . a noise o.s. make they freeze . Jack put he finger to denton he lip ; hoist Les up to who' that ? the window to be a lookout . david be somebody coming ? les not that I can see . David toss some candle to Sarah ; she light they david for Denton as he work . nice catch . sarah thanks . Jack find a roll of newsprint . jack that oughta go there . * sarah bring that over . ( continued ) 4/8/91 yellow 103a . 166 continued : ( a2 ) 166 denton that's it you're getting it keep it steady almost ready jack won 't be long ' til somebody choke it guess they got prowlers inking cheese it there presses ( continued ) pink 4/1/91 104 . 166 continued : ( 2 ) 166 denton / jack right or wrong we 're on the lam now sarah too loud ! someone's over US ! denton / jack right or wrong ain't worth a damn now ! david too late , gotta finish it . jack / denton david / sarah some thing smart we ain't be worth try for some dream mom would faint be worth dying for everybody we're at the point of no return ! les david and the world will know now we have to write a headline you gotta have a headline jack what we've come to say denton oughta do it he know about the headline and they all remember US something really flashy and talk about the night so everyone remembers and don't forget to put in there we seize the day that kide from everywhere will be at newsies ' square during the above , Sarah hold a candle for Denton as he set a headline in very large type : how we can show this CITY -- David have a better idea : he grab some type and reset the headline : how we can stop this CITY . meanwhile , Jack hit the switch and the PRESS hum to life . jack / denton they 're hitchin ' on a trolley ridin ' on a wagon stowin ' on the ferry come to slay the dragon jack / denton david / sarah hailin ' from canarsie softer bensonhurst and chelsea keep it quiet now astoria and brighton beach faster let I try it now ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 105 . 166 continued : ( 3 ) 166 les and sheepshead BAY ! instrumental break . * denton / sarah jack / david time be up newsies on a deadline let' just clear out now gotta write the headline luck be what it's all about * now * newsies on a mission too bad print the next edition thing got blistery show the dirty liar too late we can make some fire this be history thank you , mr . pulitzer that's right for helpin ' with the flyer take the heat or you burn ! thank you for the hall thank you for all you concern les and the world will know and our rank will grow and the world will learn -- all shhhhhhh ! ( note : during the above , several quick cut or dissolves should give the impression that they have work through the night : ) a ) lead type be rapidly hand - set by Denton , help by David -- a sub-headline form : " House of refuge , House of shame . " B ) paper -- " the newsie news " -- start roll off the press as they examine it proudly . C ) they fold and bundle the papers , happy but exhaust . D ) pale pre-dawn light shine through the window frame Les as they pass he bundle of papers and he pass they out the window to -- 166a ext . world build - pre -dawn 166a music continue . Race , boot , blink , mush take the papers from Les and toss they into kloppman 's wagon -- he 's on the driver 's seat , keep a lookout . Sarah * climb out the window , follow by the other . the last * out be Jack -- carry he belonging in a roll bundle * -- when he and the newsies see each other , they freeze * awkwardly . silence until -- * ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 106 . * 166a continued : 166a racetrack you thinkin ' you would like to take a shot at my schnozz -- right ? ( beat ) five to one say you can not break it . Jack laugh -- the tension break . hug and backslap as they climb onto the wagon . david the cop be look for Jack -- we gotta protect he -- kid blink any bull come after jack , they gotta go through all of we . boot what 's with the bundle , Jack -- ya leavin ' ? jack sante Fe bound , boot -- but not without givin ' pulitzer one last kiss goodbye -- kloppman boy -- ! he point frantically at weasel crossing the square towards they . they duck quickly -- and he weave past whistling tunelessly , drunk . as kloppman ease the wagon away , everybody look back , shout -- everybody hey , weasel ... good ni-ight ! he look around blearily : must be the d.t.' . everybody we're at the point of no return ! we're at the point of no return ! 166b omitted 166b through through 185 185 ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 106a . * 185a hundred of copy of the newsie news ( optical ) 185a swirl and cascade , filling the screen as we see superimposed a series of live portrait of the work child of the 1890s ... young boy in too - large cap and too-small coat , hold lunchpail ... hold pick and shovel far too large for they ... girl in shapeless dress sewing , or scrubbing ... shine eye , dirty face ... sad expression beginning to bloom into hope as they snatch and read the news that the headline proclaim as it whirl toward we on the screen : how we can stop this CITY ! we see that same headline across -- 185b int . mansion - back of man be head - morning 185b as he read the newsie News at breakfast attend by a butler ( the Rough Rider ) in a khaki uniform . he 's read a headline : " house of refuge , house of shame " with a subhead beneath it : " scandal hidden from teddy on visit . " we glimpse a famous walrus mustache as the man slam he fist on the table in anger . a figure step into frame across the table : Denton . denton I think you would feel that way , Governor Roosevelt . teddy roosevelt ( man ) dis-graceful , denty ! that poor boy -- and I do nothing ! ( pure steel ) until now ! the Rough Rider snap out a silk hat and a silverhead walk stick . teddy snatch they as if they be armor . 186 omitted 186 187 ext . newsie square - day 187 we newsies look anxiously around the square , empty except for they . they take pain to conceal Jack among they . mush so when 's the other comin ' , cowboy ? Jack look glumly at the empty square ; at the gate of the World where weasel and he goons be beginning to line up , club in hand . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 107 . 187 continued : ( A1 ) 187 jack they be not comin ' ... there be not gonna be nobody but we ... the boy be silent , disappointed , feel alone and defeat . ( continued ) ) J ( 4/22/91 tan 108. 187 continued : 187 then Les step forward , a defiant look on he face , glaring at the goons beyond the gate . he sing out loud and clear -- reprise : " and the world will know " les when the circulation bell start ringing , will we hear it ? a group of Factory boy racetrack appear in the square ; no ! follow by other . the what if the delancey come boy begin to take heart -- out swinging , will we hear it ? les no ! newsies when ya got a million voice more kid be appear ; singing , who can hear a lousy messenger , garment girl , whistle blow ? kid of all kind -- all and the world will know ! kid be come from everywhere , fill the square -- Spot and the Brooklyn newsies ; more and more kid , cheer , wave the newsie News -- Jack and David laugh in triumph as shouting and music rise up to -- all and the world will feel the FIRE and fin 'lly know 188 int . pulitier' office - day 188 * the song resonate in the golden dome ; pulitzer stare down at the crowd as the mayor , sweat as usual , wave the newsies ' paper at he . seitz sit read a copy , impressed , as Jonathan field phone call . ( continued ) pink 4/1/91 109 . 188 continued : 188 mayor they be all yell at I -- I ! -- factory owner , banker , businessman -- the whole city 's at a standstill and they be blame it on I -- ! pulitzer ( not listen ) Kelly 's down there . he should be back in jail . seitz ( with the newsie News ) that kid get out a pretty good paper , Chief . pulitzer too good ! that illiterate guttersnipe could not have do this on they own . somebody 's behind this , try to pull a fast one ... jonathan Mr. hearst on the line , sir . want to know if you have read the newsies ' paper ? pulitzer glower in suspicion at the telephone . mayor I be not take the heat for this -- you have get to talk to they -- settle it -- pulitzer tell hearst I be busy ! ( ominously ) I will settle it all right -- once and for all . 188a ext . world build - day 188a the huge door of the World Building open and seitz march out , flanke by guard . the crowd open a path as he march up to Jack and David . seitz it 's time to talk . ( continued ) goldenrod 4/12/91 110 . * 188a continued : 188a jack like I say , I do not transact business with no office boy . we talk to old Joe hisself or we do not talk . period . the newsies love it . seitz stiffles a smile at Jack 's bravado -- a smile of admiration . seitz then I guess you talk . Jack beckon David to follow as they enter the huge door and -- 188b int . pulitier' office - more huge door - day 188b open as seitz usher they inside , close the door , leave they alone . pulitzer wait by the window , a loom shadowy figure ; sound of chanting , shout float up from below . David be awed by the palatial office , but Jack saunter coolly to the window past -- pulitzer you be go to listen to I , boy -- jack I would like to , Joe -- ( open a window ; crowd noise pour in ) -- but I can not hear ya . pulitzer we have a deal -- you break it . you be go back to jail . jack maybe . but you can not put every kid in that square in jail . they be not goin ' away , Joe . pulitzer neither be I . I can wait they out . it will not be I that 's hurt . jack you sure about that ? he nod at David who produce a paper , read : ( continued ) goldenrod 4/12/91 111 . * 188b continued : 188b david ' since the strike , the World 's circulation have drop 70 per cent ; advertising have be cut in half -- ' ( stop read ) every day you lose thousand of dollar -- just so you can beat we out of a lousy tenth of a cent per paper . why ? jack it be not about money , Dave -- if Joe give in , that would mean nothin 's like we get power . he can not let that happen -- no matter what it cost he . right , Joe ? pulitzer I be about to show you what power really be ... he slam the window shut ; crowd noise abruptly drop -- pulitzer I have the police outside wait to arrest you -- david you lousy double - crossing -- ! pulitzer -- then I will deal with that rabble in the street . he 's crossing to a buzzer on he desk ; Jack , think fast , snatch up a copy of the newsies News . jack ya get I , Joe -- but tell I one thing , willya ? how would ya like we paper -- nice printin ' , be not it ? right off the press of one of New York 's great newspaper -- that stop he . he look at Jack , frown . pulitzer all the papers have a agreement ... we print nothing about the newsy . whose press do you use ? ( as Jack shrug , smile ) it be hearst , be not it ...! ( continued ) goldenrod 4/12/91 112 . * 188b continued : ( 2 ) 188b jack ( surprised ) hearst ? Nah , it be yo -- David quickly stop he , see the gleam in pulitzer 's eye . pulitzer I know it . whoever help you print this lie rag be try to break the strike , get the jump on the rest of we . well , you be go to expose this backstabber to the other owner -- in exchange , I will call off the police . Jack and David exchange glance , see a open -- jack not enough , Joe -- you gotta deal with we demand . otherwise , we lip be seal . pulitzer ( impatiently ) all right , all right -- just say the traitor 's name . it 's hearst , be not it ? say it ! say the name of the scoundrel whose press you use so I can make he the disgrace of the newspaper world ! say he name , damn you ! he thunder over they , eye blaze in triumph . the boy say nothing , just smile up at he knowingly until at last the horrible truth begin to dawn and -- jack we just wanna say , ' thanks , Joe . ' ( as he stare , stunne ) and hearst and they other owner ? maybe they do not have to know . depend . pulitzer walk with stiff dignity to the window ; from below , the faint chanting float seem deafen to he ear . pulitzer perhaps we can resolve we ... small difference . David dig out they demand and prepare to read . goldenrod 4/12/91 113 . * 189 omitted 189 &amp ; &amp ; 190 190 191 ext . newsie square - day 191 Race , boot , Les , etc . unpack rotten fruit , get ready for action . they see several police move into the square -- include a paddy wagon . race we gotta warn Jack -- ! the other nod agreement -- but where be he ? then they see -- 192 omitted 192 193 ext . courtyard - gate of the world - day 193 behind weasel and the line of goons Jack and David be approach , beam in triumph . seitz be with they . Les quickly slip through the bar , run to tell Jack -- but weasel grab he , shove he back roughly -- les Jack -- ! Jack -- ! weasel , surprised , see Jack behind he . weasel I do not know how he get in here , Mr. seitz -- but I will take care of he , with pleasure . just say the word ! seitz with pleasure . you be fire . weasel come again ...? a tomato hit he in the face ; he turn to see Les wiping tomato juice off he hand . les he say , you be fire . triumphant , Jack hoist Les over he shoulder : jack the strike 's over -- we beat them ! ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 114 . 193 continued : 193 a huge roar go up outside the gate -- they swing open and the newsies swarm in , engulf weasel and the delancey -- try to look like part of the gang -- as they rush to mob Jack and David . Jack spot Sarah -- she 's wave and point in alarm at something . les ( remember ) the bull ! Jack -- the bull ! Jack see several police shove through the crowd toward he . he quickly deposit Les -- turn to run and see -- -- Snyder right in front of he , hand behind he back . Jack spin away and right into the arm of -- macswain easy , lad ! you do not have to run anymore -- not from the like of he anyway ! Jack look again and see Snyder 's hand be handcuff behind he ; two cop have he in custody . Denton be there , smile . denton we bring the warden over to say goodbye . Goodbye , warden . Jack watch , amaze , uncomprehend , as the cop move Snyder to the paddy wagon . as the rear door be open , several boy pile out -- former inmate of the refuge , include tenpin . as Snyder be load in , the last boy be come out , crutch first -- crutchy ( to Snyder ) remember what I tell ya -- first t'ing ya do in jail , you make friend with the rat , share what you get in common -- ( see Jack ) hiya , Jack ! my leg tell I the strike 's over ! * jack ( confuse ) crutchy -- I do not get it . what happen -- ? ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 115 . * 193 continued : ( 2 ) 193 crutchy ya orta see it , Jack -- he come chargin ' into the refuge wavin ' he walkin ' stick like a sword and he 's leadin ' this army of lawyer and cop and Snyder 's hidin ' in the patata bin -- jack what be you talkin ' about -- who come chargin ' in ? crutchy who ? you pal ! him ! he point o.s. -- Jack turn to see -- elegant coach park across the square . a Rough Rider open the door and a man lean forward -- a glimpse of silk hat and walrus mustache as teddy Roosevelt raise he walk stick in salute to Jack across the square . back to scene Jack be awestruck ; so be the other newsies gather around . Denton move up to Jack . denton Governor Roosevelt 's very grateful that this problem be bring to he attention . he would like to offer you a lift , anywhere you like . this time , you ride inside . Jack look at the coach , tear . boot hold the bundle of belonging he give he earlier . suddenly Jack decide , snap he finger , boot toss he the bundle . jack think he could drop I at the train yard ? Denton move off toward the coach . David , Sarah , Les look stunne , dismay -- Jack avoid they eye . behind they , the bell ring , the circulation window open for business -- a crowd of newsies race to line up . the gang look at they hungrily , eager to return the work . they look at Jack . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 116 . * 193 continued : ( 3 ) 193 racetrack you really goin ' this time ...? jack it 's now or never , racetrack . racetrack wo not be the same without ya . give ya even odd on that . he shake ; the other crowd around . David look on , leave out for the moment ; Sarah and Les beside he . kid blink see ya in the funny pape , cowboy -- jack yeah , blink , keep ya eye peel . mush ( force ) ya hear what he say -- blink say ... ya hear it ? boot we hear it . ( offer marble ) my best shooter . never know when ya need good shooter . spot take it easy , Jackie - boy . ya ever get in a spot -- ( spit in he palm ; shake ) -- think of I . crutchy do not wanna alarm ya , Jack , but what I hear , out West be not like New York at all -- it 's fulla bull , for one t'ing -- not cop , neither , but big ugly animal with horn and -- jack ( hug he ) I will miss ya , crutch . crutchy hobble off to the dock . Jack look off at the wait coach , then hold out he hand to Les , who run up and cling to he . ( continued ) ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 117 . * 193 continued : ( 4 ) 193 jack I be not no good at writin ' and stuff but ... I will be thinkin ' of ya ... sarah you do not have to run away anymore , Jack . you have a choice now . david we win today , but the fight 's not over . you be need , Jack . we need you . here . he stand , look at they . jack maybe that 's what scare I ... suddenly , the emotion be too much for he -- he turn , run across the square , not look back , racing towards the coach . Les start after he -- David catch he , hold he , as he and Sarah watch -- -- Jack climb into the coach , greet by teddy . the door close , the coach trot away . " santa fe " be underscore . as the coach move off , the newsies move up , wave they cap goodbye . David and Sarah watch , feel a great loss ; Les be crush . the newsies move into the court - yard , try to keep they spirit up as : music begins : reprise : " carryin ' the banner " approx : 3:00 the newsies sing as they mush line up , try to keep try bottle alley or the they spirit up . harbor kid blink try central park it's guaranteed boot try any banker , bum , or barber crutchy they almost all know how to read . 193a omitted 193a ) p ( 5/1/91 blue ( 2 ) 117a . 193b ext . loading dock / window - newsies 193b sing as they wait for papers , but something 's miss ... newsies a voice , a presence , a it's a fine life , spirit -- and then -- carryin ' the banner ... ( etc . ) -- Jack leap onto the dock and ring the bell -- ( continued ) pink 4/1/91 118. 193b continued : 193b jack call it , Les ! les comin ' down the chute ! the papers slide down the chute ; Jack move to the front of the line grin -- see Sarah smile at he from the gate . Jack sing out , the song soar , continue as the newsies be back on the job -- get they papers , fan out across the courtyard , into the city beyond . it be indeed a fine life as close credit roll until we -- fade out . the end