bloodshot by Jeff wadlow revision by Eric heisserer inspire by the valiant comic 06.25.15 B L ° ° D 's h ° T the music of machine . gigantic . alien . creating some kind of electrical conduit . pull back to reveal : a sprawling network . as far as the eye can see . slowly be build by the mechanical creature . back farther to reveal : the surface of a strange planet . Rolling grey hill cover in wind blue river . like a human brain . still farther : into a black abyss . could be outer space , but it 's not ... it 's the pupil of a eye . it belong to ray garrison , 30 . and he be dead . voice ( cantonese , subtitle ) initiate sequence . CUT to : strobing light . the sun blast between overhead vegetation as we drive quickly through -- ext . ande mountain , colombia - day the glare do not bother garrison . he ride in the back of a dilapidate truck -- alive and well -- for now . despite he every - man demeanor and rugge good - look , garrison 's clear eye betray a sharp intellect ... a guy 's guy who know how to get the job do . a f.a.r.c. guerrilla sit across from he , AK - 47 point right at garrison . the truck hit a bump -- and another -- the guerrilla 's finger rest tentatively on the trigger ... garrison ( Spanish , subtitle ) mind point that somewhere else ? Rather not die by pot-hole . the guard do not flinch . garrison laugh it off as the truck pull into -- ext . guerrilla camp - day Three dozen communist revolutionaries get to they foot . two guard hang back , watch over a bound hostage . garrison notice . give the trio ( hostage xguard ) a wave . note : dialogue in italic be subtitle . garrison Love how you guy settle domestic dispute here . Old school . from the truck a crate emerge . garrison pop the lid , revealing : case of 9 mm shell . garrison ( cont ’d ) ahead of the R&D curve here with deplete uranium round . melt anything they touch : metal , kevlar , capitalism . the guerrilla leader examine the bullet . leader how much for the crate ? garrison a gift . Viva la revolucién ! rebel Viva la revolucién ! garrison 's play to the crowd -- and they be loving it . all except a particularly ugly guerrilla . leader and the next crate ? garrison be not a gift . both man smile . capitalism be do just fine . Soldiers descend on the crate like wolf , load they weapon with the next gen ammunition . pop out to : sniper Pov of garrison and the guerrilla leader . voice ( 0.c. ) kill team two , eye on target . near the hostage the guard watch they brother hoard the ammo . pretty soon it will all be go . garrison wander over , offer some friendly advice : garrison better get it while you can ... do not have to tell they twice . the guard quickly join the throng , fight for they share of the ammo . after a beat , garrison discretely cut the rope tie the hostage down . garrison ( cont ’d ) ( harsh whisper ) stay close to I and -- wait . in a pure panic , the american run for the wood ahead . garrison start after he as he bark into he comm unit : garrison ( cont ’d ) get ready to go loud . the guerrilla leader be load he rifle when he see : he prize hostage run into the brush . leader the american -- he 's escape ! the leader 's body suddenly lurch to the ground , hit by a sniper round . and then a second rebel be kick to the ground by another crack of a shot . unseen sniper team unload on the rebel . guerrilla return but they weapon lock up . one rebel behind cover eject he magazine and yank out a round of ammo to discover : observant rebel no blast cap ! do not use the ammo -- back to : garrison , in pursuit of the hostage -- then he see that ugly rebel run down the -- mountainside the hostage sprint through the brush -- terrify -- look back and see -- that ugly rebel -- close in -- bowie knife in hand . the hostage panic -- stumble into a ravine -- can not escape - - no choice but to hide . Ugly slide into the ravine ... search for the hide hostage . get closer ... 10 foot ... 5 foot ... right as he 's about to discover the hostage -- voice ( 0.c. ) Viva la revolucién ! it 's garrison , run towards he . Ugly ready he blade -- Ugly lunge -- but in one swift motion garrison side - step -- grab Ugly 's wrist -- flip the knife -- and drive it into Ugly 's belly -- drop he next to the hostage -- dead . garrison Mr. sach , I be with the navy seal hostage rescue team -- we be here to take you home . sach be clearly in shock , scared even of garrison -- day of torture make everyone seem predatory -- gunfire and shout from the camp -- in a few second it will be too much for garrison to fight . sniper ( v.o. ) position be compromise . Sir -- yet garrison pull out a smartphone and show it to sach : garrison hey . hey . look at this . you family be wait for you . back home . a beautiful , teary - eye wife and six - year - old son talk into the phone 's camera , they tinny voice just beyond earshot for we , but sach hear they . his eye focus . he hold the phone , stare at they . we do catch a little bit from the recording : boy ( v.o. ) come home , daddy ! sniper ( v.o. ) ( in garrison 's comm ) you need to move now , lieutenant ! but garrison put a gentle hand on sach 's shoulder : garrison let 's get you back there . ext . clearing , ande mountain - day a osprey helicopter hover as garrison emerge from the brush with the hostage . sniper team cover they as garrison clip in -- winch pull they to safety . off the rescue hostage 's relieved face -- CUT to : the son 's face . watch as a c-17 cargo plane touch down . pop out to reveal : ext . coronado naval base , san diego - afternoon the plane come to a halt . Bay door open ... and garrison 's team step out . families be wait in the parking lot . wive welcome they man back . Children run into they father 's arm . sach be reunite with he family . but there 's no one there to meet garrison . he joke with he teammate , exchange good - by as he walk off alone . suddenly a ' 66 chevy pick -up screech to a stop -- driver 's side door whip open as gina garrison , 20 , jump out -- tackle garrison in she embrace . as they smile and smooch -- garrison you be late . gina you be early . you know that thing each couple have ? that 's theirs . ext . silver strand blvd - sunset the chevy race down the highway , water glisten on both side of the road ... almost too beautiful to be real . gina drive . garrison listen to the engine , watch she . garrison when you gonna let I buy you a truck bear in this century ? gina when this beauty finally die on I . until then , I be a loyal girl . garrison at least let I drive we to tj . gina ( sarcastic ) because it 's so much like Florence . garrison ( play along ) Florence have the duomo , tj have the donkey show . gina we have we honeymoon in Mexico ... so , it 's not that bad . garrison but it 's not you dream . we will have a big getaway soon ... I promise . gina not with you job , no sir . garrison I ' 1l make time for it . once you get pregnant -- gina you ready to be the stay-at-home dad ? she grin at he , playful . garrison grin back . garrison I ’‘1l have to retire early , then . or be that you whole plan ? gina I be a proud supporter of any plan that keep you close to home . until then , lieutenant , we will just have to practice make baby -- a lot . he kiss she on the neck as they roar towards the border . she 's try to keep one eye on the road , but damn do he do a good job of distracting she . ext . tijuana street - night Day of the Dead celebration be in full effect . brightly color paper maché skeleton . coffins over - flow with carnation . Children in skull face paint . a FIRE - breather shoot a stream of flame into the night sky -- int . tj HOTEL room the orange fire - light glow outside the window to this hotel room , where gina turn down the sheet . drifting into the -- bathroom garrison stand in front of the mirror , shirtless . his chest be a roadmap of old scar . he 's inspect a potential new one ; some scrape he get in colombia . gina enter , snake she arm around he . gina you okay ? garrison yeah , just graze my pride be all . maybe I be lose my touch . gina oh , you get plenty of move , husband . she grapples he around the waist and neck . gina ( cont 'd ) show I how you get out of this one . garrison smile -- this be they foreplay . garrison well , you step into they space -- gina oh I like that -- he plant a foot between hers , put he hand on she arm -- garrison then you just twist , and -- in a slow spin , he 's twirle she around and grapple she in a similar fashion . gina distract he with a kiss , and as he start to get lose in that sensuality -- she tip he off - balance and then yank he out of the bathroom door , toss he onto -- the bed -- where she descend on he , only to be partially pin as garrison pull at she cotton top . ext . tijuana street - night the celebration be louder now ; more crowded and full of music . there 's something chaotic and intense about the energy in the street . a manic parade . int . tj HOTEL - intercut with above just as intense , but full of a different energy -- passion -- Ray and gina make love . they skin glisten with sweat ... but they be not do . not yet . the festival build as they body collide until -- later the pre-dawn light shine through the window . the street below be quiet . they lie in each other arm ... somewhere between awake and dream . gina who do you think we kid would look like ? garrison she better look like you . ' Cause I in a dress be not pretty . gina she ? garrison it 's less surprising that I have wear a dress than I say '' she ? '' gina you do like to work undercover ... garrison pull the sheet up as gina giggle . garrison I do my best work under cover ... gina I be serious -- garrison I do not know ... just always assume I would have a little girl . teach she to play guitar ... to stand up for herself ... walk she down the aisle ... gina trace she finger over he navy seal tattoo . gina I feel sorry for the boy who show up for that first date ... garrison if he show up , he will be the bravest kid in school . gina or the dumbest . ( hopeful ) if you really want to be a father ... garrison be tear , but the truth come out : garrison I get a few more year of the work in I . gina 's smile fade . gina I know . I be not push you . garrison I just can not be both . meaning both a seal and a father . gina yeah ... ( then ) besides , I think I love tequila too much to quit anytime soon . they cuddle close again , but now they both stare off in different direction , each preoccupy with a what - if ... ext . tijuana street - day the remnant of the festival litter the street . scatter paper maché skull stare back ... smile face of death . int . HOTEL room - day garrison wake with a start . he roll over to find ... nothing . no one . gina 's go . garrison gina ...? no response . he get up . search the room ... until he find : a note , scrawle on the back of a receipt . go to get we breakfast , back soon . practice make perfect . garrison breathes a sigh of relief . sit for a moment . lose in he own thought ... garrison ( v.o. , pre - lap ) ( cont ’d ) sorry to call so early . just need to talk ... ext . HOTEL balcony - moment later garrison 's on the balcony , leave a voicemail . garrison ( into phone ) think about get out of the field , take that instructor 's post . anyway ... give I a shout . int . HOTEL bathroom - moment later garrison 's in the shower , hear gina return . 10 . garrison you be late ! ( beat ) hey -- I say , '' you be late ! '' garrison peek out of the shower curtain -- garrison ( cont ’d ) '' you be early ? '' he spot someone in the mirror - - and it be not gina . two man in street clothes clear the room like pros . move to the bathroom , aim m7 trang pistol at the shower -- dart perforate the curtain . then -- nothing . pro one cover pro two as he step into the bathroom ... shower blasting ... reach out ... whip the curtain back and find -- nothing . huh ? suddenly he 's punched in the junk by garrison , huddle on the floor of the tub take cover . pro two crumble -- garrison grab he shirt -- slam he face into the tub -- hard . pro one fire -- garrison use pro two 's body as a shield -- take he weapon and return . they empty they clip . pro one reload -- garrison do not hesitate -- rip down the shower curtain and charge -- garrison attack -- soaking wet and completely naked . lightn -fast , hand - to-hand . garrison use the shower curtain to deflect blow and disorient -- pro one lunge at garrison -- who quickly sidestep so that pro one inadvertently crash through the window and onto the balcony , buy garrison enough time to sprint into the -- HOTEL hallway where he accidentally slam into a stunne aussie tourist -- more than a little shocked by the butt-nake garrison . aussie think you forget a few thing , friend . the aussie tourist try to help garrison to he foot -- but then stab garrison with a auto injector . a shocked garrison try to run ... but he leg lock -up ... he vision ... cloudy ... finally he collapse as we -- CUT to : 11 . blackness then ... led Zeppelin , stairway to Heaven . guitar ripping . blackness become blind white light as a hood come off . garrison open he eye ... can not adjust to the glare . the music . it 's overwhelming . aussie back from the dead . garrison try to get he bearing ... in some kind of : barn can not see much ... interrogation light be intense ... music be grate . in front of he be that aussie tourist . aussie Zeppelin , absolute genius . garrison who ... aussie led Zeppelin . Jimmy page , Robert -- garrison «.- be you ? aussie I be the guy who ruin you vacation . garrison 's color be come back -- confidence return . garrison well , I be the guy who make less than a public school teacher , so if you be look for a ransom -- aussie oh , I do not need money . garrison then ... what ? aussie information . about you mission in colombia ? shit . this be not just some mexican ransom play ... 12 . aussie ( cont 'd ) see , friend , I make a very good live sell weapon to the farc guerrilla . but when there 's instability in the farc , there 's instability in my business . garrison well , you business be not get any more stable , ' cause all you be get out of I be name , rank , and a hearty help of go - fuck - yourself . aussie oh , but we be serve something much tastier tonight ... aussie give the cue and he guy drag in gina . bound and gag , she 's scared out of she mind . garrison go white -- aussie ( cont 'd ) that brass ball just get a whole lot softer . garrison I be about to tell you the God 's honest truth : I be a professional , like you . all I care about be get the job do and go home . I do not know where the intel come from and I do not care . aussie Bet you care now ? aussie rip the tape off gina 's mouth , stick he .45 in . aussie ( cont 'd ) that 's it , flower , take it all ... he push the barrel deep into she throat . gina gag -- she face , pure terror . garrison try to get aussie 's attention -- garrison look at I -- look at I . aussie do . something about garrison 's voice -- like this be the most important moment of he life . garrison ( cont ’d ) if I know , I have tell you . ask I anything else , anything you want to know . but this I can not tell you . because I do not know . aussie and garrison hold each other 's gaze ... finally -- 13 . aussie I believe you . he take he gun out of gina 's mouth . she gasp ... tear stream down she face . garrison it 's gonna be okay , baby -- I promise . she smile -- believe he -- love he with all she heart . aussie casually turn off the music . aussie well , this have be a colossal waste of time . and shoot gina in the head . the world slow down ... the blast knock gina over in she chair ... garrison watch as she eye go cold ... dead before she even hit the ground . suddenly time snap back and -- garrison explode -- snot and spit -- do not give a fuck -- garrison you be nothing . you don ’t exist anymore . I promise -- I will find you and end you . you better kill I now because you will not get a second chance . aussie point he .45 right at garrison and -- aussie thanks for the advice . gunshot -- rip US to : black . then ... voice ( cantonese , subtitle ) Project bloodshot procedure log ... int . coffin - later garrison 's corpse . in a black abyss . a red light begin to blink ... illuminate the rest of garrison 's dead body . nothing more than a husk , a vessel for vengeance and violence . so that 's what we will call he : bloodshot . 14 . turn out he 's not in a casket , but some kind of high tech sensory deprivation tank . a circular needle array pump black fluid into he chest . note : dialogue in italic be subtitle . voice transfusion complete . the circular needle array retract from he chest . voice ( cont 'd ) commence bioelectrical charge . that 's when we hear it ... a beat ... building in we ear . voice ( cont 'd ) fifty percent ... soon the beat become a song ... a song we recognize ... voice ( cont 'd ) seventy - five percent ... '' stairway to Heaven '' by led Zeppelin . what the hell ? voice ( cont 'd ) full cycle . a electrical charge rip through bloodshot 's corpse -- he body spasm -- and then stop ... lie there motionless ... until he eye flutter open . he 's alive . voice ( cont 'd ) subject be conscious . BP one forty over ninety . heart rate seventy - five . Brain function normal . bloodshot try to move , but can not -- limb lock in place . bloodshot where ... voice Language center online . bloodshot --- be i? voice ( in English ) identify yourself . bloodshot be beyond confuse . what the hell be go on ? 15 . voice ( cont 'd ) take you time . think . what be you name ? that 's when bloodshot start to panic . and it 's not because he 's scared , it 's because -- bloodshot I do not know ... bloodshot thrashes violently , emotion overwhelming he . voice initiate sedation . bloodshot why don ’t I know ?!? slam to : blackness the music kick in again . skip like a record as it drill that grate vocal into we brain . as we wind on down the -- as we wind on down the as we wind on down the -- bloodshot wake with a start . look around . he 's in a : recovery room sterile . White . look like you average hospital room . the music have stop . bloodshot sit up . he 's wear a hospital gown -- nothing else . his skin be pale . his head -- pound . seem to be fine except ... he sternum aches . pull the gown off he shoulder revealing ... a circular red scar in the middle of he white chest . the door open and in walk dr . emil harting , 40s . built like a rugby player , the first thing we notice be that there 's something odd about he arm ... robotic . harting ( british accent ) how be you feel ? bloodshot rub he temple ... bloodshot Hell of a hangover . 16 . harting then you remember -- what a hangover feel like ? harting 's try to act normal but he 's clearly on edge . bloodshot unfortunately , yes . harting that 's good . bloodshot say you . speak of -- harting Dr. emil harting , rising Spirit Technologies . bloodshot ( be : he lack of memory ) I would return the courtesy but I have get this little problem ... harting unfortunately I be not go to be much help . this be what we have on you . harting retrieve a slim file for bloodshot , who look inside to find a brief profile of who he once be : Lieutenant Raymond garrison , U.S. navy seal . the page be label top secret , and the bit at the bottom be why : '' cadaver sell to rising Spirit Technologies . '' harting ( cont 'd ) you remain be sell to we by the US military . all personnel record , destroy . bloodshot ( in total shock ) my ... remain ? harting we bring you back . that 's when harting smile , barely contain he excitement . harting ( cont 'd ) we have be experiment with nanite -- robotic protein . they can rebuild otherwise healthy tissue on a cellular level after catastrophic injury . 17 . harting touch the wall ... it become a view screen . on the monitor : image of that alien machine from the open ... work furiously . harting ( cont 'd ) we have so much success with individual organ system that we decide to try a full transfusion . you blood be replace with the nanite ... and they repair everything . even you oxygen-starved brain . harting look almost as shocked as garrison . bloodshot I be ... a experiment ? harting ( cont 'd ) base on animal trial we expect -- optimum outcome -- that you have be in a vegetative state . but here you be . bloodshot my memory , they be go ... harting we best guess ? the nanite revitalize the brain tissue but could not recreate past experience . to put it simply , we save the hard drive but lose the data . bloodshot but I remember how to walk . how to talk . I know that seven time seven be forty nine and that the capital of New York be albany . harting you also know the square root of seven thousand nine hundred and twenty one ... endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's brain -- a nanite build a synapse -- flash on : thousand of number , speed by -- land on -- bloodshot eighty nine . harting the word for father in , I do not know , swahili . endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's brain -- nanite create another synapse -- 18. flash on : swahili translation for , '' fate , '' '' fateful , '' then -- bloodshot Father ... '' Abu . '' harting and the winner of the Tour de France in , say , 1909 -- bloodshot francois faber . how do I know that ? harting there be billion of web-enabled microprocessor inside you brain . any information they do not already know , they can pull that data from the ' net . bloodshot can they tell I who I be ? figure out what happen to I ? harting let I show you something ... harting take off he lab coat , revealing a gleam prosthetic arm connect to he twitching shoulder muscle . harting ( cont 'd ) as a kid , I be a tennis prodigy . good but not great -- no serve . on my fifteenth birthday I get Cancer . six month later they take my arm . instead of focus on what I have lose , I focus on what I have be give ... a opportunity to do something else with my life . phd from MIT by twenty - two , my first military contract by twenty - four , and my own firm -- rising Spirit Technologies -- by thirty . one day soon , when a soldier lose he arm ... harting raise he cybernetic fist and slam it into the metal table -- leave a massive dent . harting ( cont 'd ) ..- he 's go to get a better one . because I forget who I be and focus on who I could become . bloodshot ( catch on ) rising Spirit ... bet you get a hell of a serve now ? 19 . harting smile . clearly this two be go to become brother ... both give a second chance by technology . harting let 's see what you can do now . int . biometrics lab - day State of the art testing center . bloodshot be cage in a giant water wheel : the human equivalent of a hamster wheel , except this one be dip in a pool , require bloodshot to strain he muscle to power the mill wheel . setup nearby : ekg , mobile ct , and a pulse ox monitor . tech eight mile per hour , at a water resistance of seventy - five pound . harting and a handful of tech watch as bloodshot strain -- and move the giant wheel under he own power . harting push he to ten . endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's lung -- nanite work to expand he alveoli so that -- bloodshot breathes deeper -- he lung work more efficiently , allow he to -- crest past ten mph on the monitor . all the while the pool churn from the turn of the wheel . Fighting bloodshot with every step . bloodshot ( pre - lap ) but I have a life ... int . rising spirit corridor - day bloodshot follow harting on a tour of the facility . harting be now dress in a custom lab coat -- the lack of collar and colorful trim make it seem vaguely asian . bloodshot look down at the navy seal tattoo on he arm ... bloodshot ( cont ’d ) ... there must have be people I love ... I care about . harting they say they good -bye . you need to do the same . we be on a new frontier here ... 20 . they pass above a indoor track . tech observe a vet jogging on hydrogen power prosthetic leg ... harting ( cont 'd ) there be no guarantee with this process ... tomorrow you could be go . for good . do you really want to risk put they through that again ? the vet begin to sprint -- faster than usain bolt . bloodshot can hardly believe he eye ... bloodshot what be this place ? harting hope . for every warrior wounded on a battlefield . and for soldier like you . montage - rising spirit - a test pilot in a hydraulic skeleton lift steel plate . harting ( v.o. ) in this facility alone , we be develop everything from exoskeleton that can help aman lift ten-times he weight ... - a patient with a prosthetic leg re-learn how to swim in a olympic-size pool with help from a trainer . harting ( v.o. ) ...to smart prosthetic limb so the critically injure can live normal life ... - a research scientist present a paper on cybernetic eye . harting ( v.o. ) ..- even ocular implant that will allow the blind to see . int . observation deck - sunset harting and bloodshot finish they tour on the top floor of rising Spirit 's skyscraper . the Hong Kong skyline glimmer around they ... it 's breath - take -- and entirely man-made . harting we be on the precipice of a paradigm shift ... and you be the proof . bloodshot but be I really alive ? it 's be , what , twenty - four hour ... 21 . int . medical lab - day bloodshot have he arm under a scan electron microscope . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) --.and I be not the least bit tired . harting look through the eye-piece at bloodshot 's skin cell . the monitor behind he display the image . harting from the day we stop grow , we body begin die . we skin cell wither away , we muscle be cannibalize , and we bone degrade . harting reach for a scalpel ... harting ( cont 'd ) but not you . the nanite be constantly repair you body on a cellular level . bloodshot so I will never have to exfoliate again ? harting it 's a little more exciting than that ... flash of the scalpel -- harting slice bloodshot 's hand -- he recoil -- but harting pin he wrist under the microscope -- on the screen : the magnify nanite pour out of the wound and stitch the skin back together ... one cell at a time . Holy shit . harting release he . bloodshot stare at he hand as the cut disappear before we eye . bloodshot yeah . that 's exciting . int . FITNESS lab - day New , day -- same water wheel . display read : 20 mph ... 21 ... bloodshot be soak in sweat , right at the point of break . harting okay . that 's enough . lab tech the record at this resistance level be twenty - five mile per hour ... endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's quad -- with each stride , muscle tear -- but be instantly repair by the nanite -- 22 . bloodshot somebody play the rocky theme . pure determination -- this guy be not go to stop until he reach he goal . on the readout : 23 ... 24 ... the water carry by the wheel 's pocket churn and froth and spray the back of the fitness lab like a rooster tail ... and then something crack at 25 mph . the axle wobble . and bloodshot nearly roll the thing out the pool . he hit against the inside and spin like a stray piece of clothing in a enormous dryer , and then ... collapse . harting the turbine -- it crack . bloodshot can not help but smile . he break the thing . bloodshot better get a new one . harting thanks for the advice . bloodshot 's head snap up -- bloodshot what do you say ? harting thanks for the advice . ( beat ) why ? bloodshot 's heart rate pick up ... pounding in we ear ... bloodshot nothing . harting hold he gaze ... something 's definitely wrong . bloodshot grab a water . that 's when we hear it ... music ... bloodshot ( cont ’d ) you hear that ? harting hear what ? it 's stairway to Heaven . bloodshot sit -- head in he hand . Music will not stop -- like a hammer , slamming into he brain . a test pilot enter -- 23 . test pilot get this room book . female tech in fifteen minute . test pilot you be late . female tech you be early . flash on : gina -- smile in the chevy -- gina you be early . back to : bloodshot -- double over in pain -- harting what 's wrong ? flashback to : gina dead on the ground . garrison foam -- garrison you be nothing . I promise you -- back to : bloodshot -- tooth grinding -- heart pounding -- bloodshot --i- will -find -you-and-end-you -- harting panic -- turn to the tech -- harting get medical in here -- now . harting grab bloodshot -- help he to a chair -- Zeppelin track build -- blasting in we ear -- sensory overload -- bloodshot --you-better-kill-me-now -- harting breathe . try to breathe -- bloodshot --you-will-not-get-a-second-chance . flash on : aussie stand over we , .45 point at the lens -- aussie thanks for the advice . 24 . gunshot rip US back to : bloodshot -- slamming harting against the wall . bloodshot he kill I -- my wife . his face -- I can see it . harting seal the room ! door start to close -- bloodshot stop it -- escape into the corridor -- harting pull the alarm -- int . corridor - continuous siren blare -- bloodshot sprint -- a wounded animal , do not know where he 's go , do not care -- heart racing -- turn the corner , see : security -- a dozen man in high tech swat gear with taser baton . bloodshot double back -- off he face -- flash on : gina in bed , naked . Day of the dead image from Mexico -- coffin and carnation , child in skull face paint . back to : bloodshot -- heart pounding -- leg fail -- Security -- come at we -- commander take point . bloodshot lunge for a fire extinguisher -- break the glass -- commander do not move . bloodshot do not save she ... my fault ... taser baton crackle to life , guard close in . bloodshot throws the extinguisher at they , miss by a mile -- -- but hit he intend target : a sprinkler head . hallway fill with that fire retardant haze , visibility zero . commander get that fire suppression system off , now . Guard pull the emergency shut -off . the haze clear and the soldier find ... nothing . Commander spot a emergency exit door ajar ... commander ( into com ) ( cont 'd ) entere south stairwell , sub-level five . 25 . int . command hub - intercut with above harting and a handful of tech monitor the situation from the center of rising Spirit 's security grid . harting ( into com ) chainsaw -- head you way . int . stairwwell - continuous bloodshot stagger up the stair -- heart pounding -- flash on gina 's tear-stain face -- aussie 's smug smile , he .45 point right at we -- aussie thanks for the advice . gunshot echoe from the past -- one more flight of stair -- ground level . taser baton in hand , bloodshot enter the -- ground floor that 's when he hear it ... the metallic clang of footstep . bloodshot look up and see -- a massive man wear a skull - shape ballistic face mask , the word '' so long '' spray paint on he chest plate . so long step forward on hydrogen power prosthetic leg . this thing look more like sleek , articulate plastic limb , not like bulky metal armor . the leg , in combination with a spinal support , allow he to lift a cannon , fire a tsunami of SOUND wave -- slamming bloodshot against the wall -- hard . he try to crawl away -- he nanite work hard to heal . a woman in tactical armor cut he off -- throws something -- woman catch . bloodshot try to duck -- too late -- the object explode -- sarin gas burning he eye and lung . a blind bloodshot howl in pain . so Long grab he by the neck -- lift bloodshot up to eye-level ... so long Bet that hurt ... 26 . bloodshot look up at so Long -- bloodshot Bet this hurt more . the taser baton in bloodshot 's hand crackle to life -- take a cheap shot -- jam it under so long 's face mask . so Long bellows in pain -- drop bloodshot -- who scurry towards the door and freedom . the woman in the tactical armor give chase as we pop out to : ext . rising spirit - same sniper Pov of the ground floor . no window -- just a wall . sniper 's voice ( 0.c. ) chainsaw bravo , stand down -- Alpha have target . ecu of the sniper 's eye reveal a ocular implant -- it flip from grey to red , allow the sniper to see bloodshot 's heat signature through the wall . he squeeze the trigger -- bullet Pov : rocket out the barrel and blast through the wall . int . rising spirit - same time slow down as the bullet erupt from the wall -- reduce speed -- and extend a tranq dart , slamming into a escape bloodshot 's neck -- light out . CUT to black . over black : voice ( pre - lap ) we be talk about a multibillion dollar contract -- int . conference room , rising spirit - day the voice belong to rst 's Chairman , morris kozol , 5as , skyping with harting . the conference room be decorate in feudal Japan . bonsai . woodcut art . sword on wall . kozol bottom line it : how much more time do you need ? do I need to buy you some more dead soldier ? at this rate I 'il have to start another war for you . 27 . harting seethes ... he do not like to be pin down . harting he 's revive but he still have all the baggage of a person with he experience . it 's delicate work . let I do my job . kozol my job , Doctor , be to remind you that he 's not a person , he 's property . and you do not have a good track record when it come to secure we property . we can not let harada get ahead of we on this . harting we be handle that . nearly finish . kozol finish you job so I can do mine . int . recovery room - day bloodshot slowly come to -- on a hospital bed . tied down . bloodshot harting please ... I have to find he ... I just let she die ... no response . he 's all alone . trapped . then -- the door open and in walk harting . he approach the restrain bloodshot . harting we need each other . bloodshot I need to find that aussie bastard . harting how do you know he 's Australian ? bloodshot he just shot she ... flicker through dozen of image : the mission in colombia , Day of the Dead festival in Mexico , aussie smile as he jam he .45 down gina 's throat ... bloodshot remember everything we have see so far . bloodshot ( v.o . ) I can see he face -- like it just happen . but that 's it -- nothing else . not my name , not he , nothing ... only she ... my wife , gina . 28 . last image be of gina in the chevy as they race toward the border , sun flaring off the water ... it 's so beautiful it break you heart . back to : bloodshot why do I remember that two day and nothing else ? not my parent -- not my childhood -- not even my own name . harting honestly ... I do not know . maybe because that last few day be so significant that they be sear into you mind ? like muscle memory . bloodshot I have to find he ... have to make he pay for gina . she 's the one thing I know I love in this world , and that one thing be go . all that 's leave be ... anger . harting listen to I , you need time here to train . and I need time to study you . bloodshot be tear ... drown in guilt . bloodshot have you ever lose someone that mean everything to you ? harting open up to bloodshot , look he in the eye . harting more than once . every time , I think I have never recover . never get attach again . ( breath ) that 's the triumph of the human spirit , I guess . you get up and try again . bloodshot I can not do that until he 's dead . harting you be a prototype . one of a kind . in the world of science , that 's useless . we need to find a way to reproduce you result if we be go to save life . this be not about you . it 's about soldier who could return home to they love one ... bloodshot consider harting 's word ... 29 . harting ( cont 'd ) do this for I , and I 'il use every resource at my disposal to help you find this man . bloodshot and end he . harting you have my word . harting touch the control screen . restraint retract and bloodshot fall to he knee . as harting help he to he foot ... bloodshot one more thing : after I kill he ... he stay dead . bloodshot walk past , for the door , and -- ext . tai mo shan mountain range - day a helicopter roar out of the city ... int . helicopter - day harting 's at the helm , bloodshot sit next to he . harting ( into com ) every human have deep -roote survival instinct . you have to unlearn they . bloodshot ( into com ) unlearn --? they be call ' survival instinct 's for a good reason , Doc . harting ( into com ) they do not apply to you now . the goal post have move . the nanite in you body can do more than simply heal a wound . they be tool to let you adapt . modify . overcome . you simply command they to do you bid . bloodshot ( into com ) will this be painful ? sound painful -- harting ( interrupt ) my field test team '' chainsaw '' be go to put you in the most stressful situation possible -- push you until you learn to change you body in response . 30 . bloodshot '' chainsaw ? '' harting cut down every prototype I throw at they . harting smile as the helicopter soar over the mountain revealing -- harting ( cont 'd ) we field test center . the shed . a dozen high - tech building nestle into the unforgive mountainside ... int . the shed , MAIN build - moment later as bloodshot and harting enter from the helipad , they be meet by the three member of chainsaw : mortally wounded soldier improve by rising Spirit tech . just like bloodshot . harting Lieutenant Marcus tibbs be we team leader , counter intelligence expert , and sniper . lt . marcus tibbs ( African - american , 30 ) have a kind face cover in scar . cybernetic eye mark he as the sniper who stop bloodshot 's escape . tibbs sorry ' bout that head shot . bloodshot just glad you miss my face . tibbs be not aim for you face . off tibbs 's intimidating look , flash to : NORTH korea tibbs 's cybernetic eye look through he rifle 's scope -- all he see be vegetation . jungle sound fade ... replace by the roar of a jeep . harting ( v.o. ) a mortar explosion leave tibbs blind and deaf . with cochlear implant for hearing and ocular prosthetics for eye ... tibbs 's eye SNAP red -- revealing the driver 's heat signature . he fire ... the heat signature go dark . back to : 31 . harting tibbs never miss . tibbs do not have to see you to kill you . so long wish I do not have to see tibbs . get a face like my nut sack . out of he exoskeleton , so Long stand on next - gen prosthetic leg , partially obscure by he cargo short . harting you already meet corporal harlin '' so Long '' shifflet . bloodshot so Long ? tibbs what we say to the bad guy when ass - bag here take the field . so long lady call I '' so Long '' way before I meet this crew . harting after a ied take so Long 's leg , we build he a new pair ... off so Long 's '' go-fuck -yourself '' grin , flash to : iraq so Long stomp through rubble in he exoskeleton . harting ( v.o. ) exoskeleton mean there be not a cannon he can not wield , make he we go - to for heavy artillery and urban assault . so Long fire he sound cannon . iraqi gunmen flee , every orifice bleed . back to : so Long rub he swollen jaw where bloodshot nail he with the stun baton during he fail escape ... so long still owe ya for that cheap shot , snow White . 32 . bloodshot know what 's intimidating ? you knowledge of Disney princess . before so Long can respond , a strike indian woman with sleek air filter mount on a neck brace intercede . woman do not mind so Long -- he assertion of male dominance be just attempt to compensate for phallic deficiency . harting nod towards the woman ... she 's the one who throw the sarin gas grenade during bloodshot 's fail escape . harting warrant Officer kareena '' kp '' pillai be a expert in chemical weapon and psychological warfare . off kp 's enigmatic gaze , flash to : russia kp enter a crack house with just a thermos . tweaker see the defenceless beauty and move in for the kill ... harting ( v.o. ) her trachea be severe by a stray bullet in Afghanistan so now she breathes through a clavicle mount respirator . kp open the thermos -- gas escape -- bad guy foam at the mouth and spontaneously shit they short . back to : harting as a result she 's immune to inhalant . tibbs only thing more dangerous than kp 's knowledge of biological weapon be she lack of social grace . kp after you suffer a neck injury it 's hard to suffer fool . so Long glare at bloodshot ... do not like the idea of be upstage by harting 's latest break -through . so long so what do we call the noob ... '' b.s. " ? he look to he teammate for a laugh -- do not get one . 33 . kp do I say fool ? I mean , '' fool . '' bloodshot take in the chainsaw crew ... he new '' family . '' bloodshot wound warrior . I get it . harting no longer wounded . enhanced . improve . and most of all , give purpose . this be why they be here . same with you . tibbs welcome to the freak show . ext . rooftop platform - day bloodshot face off against harting , on opposite end of this outdoor dojo . chest-high metal rod like half - build column punctuate the space between bloodshot and harting in a spread - out grid . harting draw a samurai sword from its scabbard , wield it with he prosthetic arm . harting for this exercise , you must disarm I . bloodshot you make a pun there . harting take the sword from my hand . harting get into a defensive stance . watchful . bloodshot one question , doc . will any of this training help get my memory back ? harting you memory ? I do not know . it 's possible . with enough stimulation , the nanite -- bloodshot ( I get my answer ) whatever , let 's do this . bloodshot advance , quick on he foot ... for a few moment the two dance , lung and dodging ... 34 . but then harting strike , snake-swift , the blade slicing bloodshot in the leg . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) shit ! hang on , time out , I be -- harting stab he again . bloodshot fall over in mortal pain . int . the shed - day a windowless room with tumble mat for a floor . under fluorescent light , bloodshot and kp square off . she have a sleek metal quarter - staff but bloodshot be empty-hand . bloodshot so what be we do now ? harting 's voice boom from the intercom overhead . and bloodshot find he watch from a plate glass window . harting ( v.o. ) try to reach the door behind kp . kp wink at bloodshot . bloodshot that one right there ? kp pull down a set of high - tech goggle and then -- the light go out . and it be crazy dark now . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) waitaminute -- but we can hear the whoosh - whoosh of the quarter-staff in motion and barely make out the silhouette of kp advance -- kp’s Pov in a green-ish world , she attack bloodshot , who 's try to get he bearing but then she sweep he leg from under he and he go down hard on the mat -- bloodshot ( cont 'd ) shit ! int . helicopter - day a hood and bound bloodshot ride next to tibbs as they soar between the mountain . 35 . tibbs World record be twenty - two minute , believe it or not . that 's crazy , be not it ? so you gotta make half a hour . bloodshot half a hour do what ? tibbs then push he out of the helicopter . bloodshot fall thirty foot to certain death -- slamming against the surface of a -- lake tibbs ( 0.s. ) holding you breath ! hand bound , bloodshot begin to sink ... panic set in . harting ( v.o. ) take control of you body -- adapt . bloodshot flexe -- break the plastic cuff -- swim for the surface just as -- tibbs spot he with he sniper rifle from the helicopter -- open fire . bloodshot panic -- can not break the surface without take a head shot . bloodshot ( v.o. ) what if this kill I ? harting ( v.o. ) the nanite will signal we if you lose consciousness . we can revive you . ext . scrapyard outside the shed - day so Long stand at a charcoal grill where he 's heat up several rock until they glow . bloodshot stand opposite he , uneasy . so long you be gonna hold one of this in you hand until you can count to twenty . so Long pull out a scalding hot rock with a pair of tong . bloodshot so long but that thing 's -- hold out you hand . 36 . bloodshot reluctantly do so . so Long drop the stone into he hand -- and bloodshot immediately drop the thing -- bloodshot shit ! so Long turn around to smirk at a watchful harting from a elevate observation deck . so long I woulda do it on the first try . ext . rooftop platform - resume bloodshot fall hard , clutching he leg . instead of blood , a black fluid like tar , full of nanite , spread quickly . harting I nick the femoral artery . Close the wound quickly . focus . a normal man would die from this in twenty second . bloodshot be breathe hard , panic . bloodshot I be gonna die -- harting you do not have to . bloodshot oh my god you be a terrible doctor . his eye start to roll up into he head , and the red circle on he chest begin to glow a warning , and -- int . recovery room - day bloodshot wake up suddenly and reach for he leg , to find he 's in a hospital room , hook up to high - tech ekg gear . harting stand at the door , arm cross . harting try again . int . the shed - resume back to the kp test in darkness . she 's still whooping he ass before he can take two step in any direction . 37 . bloodshot I can not see a thing ! harting ( v.o. ) then fix it so you can . breathe hard , stay low , bloodshot blink -- endoscopic shot : Inside he eye , just behind the lens , rod and cone reorganize until the eye become more cat - like and then -- bloodshot 's Pov now he can see she . and the door . everything have more of a desaturate feel ; grainy . but visible . bloodshot move -- and kp attack -- but this time he 's ready for she , parry and dodging -- bloodshot it 's work ! and then a new overlay appear as bloodshot fight kp : a high tech targeting reticule , trace kp 's movement , analyze -- bloodshot ( cont ’d ) this tech even have combat analytics . bam ! he get a good counterattack on kp , turn the tide ... kp do not hate I for this . so kp then throw a chemical at he face and blind he . bloodshot oh come on ! kp then attack he again -- and bloodshot fall hard to the floor with a thud , arm splay out -- int . recovery room - day bloodshot sit up , waking suddenly , with the electrode on he chest as he circular scar fade . he gasp for air . ext . hidden lake - day bloodshot 's below the surface ... he exhales ... focus . but then he start to panic , old survival instinct scream that he can not be do what he 's do , and glub - glub -- 38 . int . recovery room - day bloodshot sit up , waking suddenly , in a cough fit . ext . scrapyard outside the shed - resume bloodshot 's clench hand tremble as smoke curl up from the molten rock he 's hold , hiss through he tooth : bloodshot nineteen ... twenty ! he drop the thing right away and stare at he hand -- the badly burn flesh instantly repair , softly shushing the sizzling flesh until he 's back to normal . bloodshot look up , triumphant , until he see so Long come at he with something new -- a blowtorch . bloodshot ( cont 'd ) whoa whoa -- int . recovery room - day bloodshot wake again , with the same ekg electrode on he chest . he check he skin for burn . just pale flesh instead . int . the shed - resume the light clack back on , but the chemical toxin kp throw at bloodshot still have he blind . kp attack , demand : kp adapt again ! come on ! bloodshot strain he ear again -- endoscopic shot : Inside the eardrum , the space begin to reform , allow he to hear every minute sound -- kp’s staff come sailing down to strike he in the head but then bloodshot catch the blow with he palm and in two swift twist he disarm she of the weapon . stand triumphant , bloodshot raise he arm . bloodshot adapted ! I do not need eye to know I look good right now . 39 . kp can not help but grin at bloodshot 's sudden snark , especially when she pull a swift kick to he nut -- bloodshot immediately collapse in a heap on the floor , wheeze in pain . kp you still have weak spot . remember that . trick be not that you be invincible . it 's that you can get back up . kp crouch down by bloodshot , listen to he breathe through he tooth . kp ( cont 'd ) it 's just pain . bloodshot easy for you to say -- kp Control the blood flow , the muscle group around that whole area . trust I , I be do you a favor . bloodshot start to get up again but not before look bewilder at kp : bloodshot how ? kp later on you 's 1ll realize this level of control have ... other use . she mean sex , bloodshot . ext . rooftop platform - sunset bloodshot now have to deal with spinning blade that pop out of the grid of metal pole . as he move for harting , he 's slice across one bicep . he grunt , grit he tooth ... and the wound seal up . two more spin blade CUT into he as he weave for harting , and both time he breathes through he mouth and the cut self - repair . then harting strike , but bloodshot dodge , and harting 's arm be so strong , the sword cut right through a metal rod . bzzp ! one less spin blade for bloodshot to worry about . harting strike again , a overhead blow this time -- 40 . bloodshot clap he hand together , catch the blade -- but not quite as elegantly as he have like . Black blood drip down he arm . grabbing the blade with both hand , he palm get badly slice , he wrench the sword from harting . it clatter to the floor . harting ( cont 'd ) congrat . what you have become , what we have do this last week ... it 's remarkable . bloodshot clasp hand with harting , congratulate ... and then harting plunge a seppuku knife into bloodshot 's gut . bloodshot sonofabitch , doc -- bloodshot be suddenly on he knee . in shock at see the hilt stick out of he abdomen . harting the ancient samurai be mentally prepare for death . train for it . you training must surpass that . I have give you a mortal wound . if you get one out there in the world , and you do not heal yourself , then it 's light out . because we will not be there to revive you . bloodshot grimace . bleed out on the rock . he notice he skin start to turn gray as it do . and then , through he shirt -- a brief pulse of red light in the shape of a circle . exactly where he chest scar be . bloodshot what ... be that ... harting a alert system hardwire into the nanite , when you be start to lose too much of they . when you be about to die . unless you do something , right now . you body have the power but you mind have doubt . Leap of faith time . step off that ledge . bloodshot I ... can not ... flash on : aussie ... smile . that smug bastard . be this a sign bloodshot be get some memory back ? back to : 41 . harting then I be sorry . for both of we . if you can not do this , I would rather you die here , at rising Spirit , than out there , lose any chance I might have to study you remain . bloodshot pull out the sword and let it clatter on the rock beneath he . bloodshot two ... thing ... bloodshot contort in pain -- then rise to he knee . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) first ... that hurt . a lot . he slowly stand ... the gut - wound close before we eye . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) second ... we make a deal . I survive you stress test , you help I keep my promise : find that aussie prick and end he . harting can not help but smile . int . break room - day bloodshot stare intently . rubbing he chin . reverse to reveal the object of he attention : a fully - stock vending machine . chip , snack , candy , energy drink . bloodshot put in a full twenty dollar . and start press button . kp enter , carry something under one arm . a box . kp hey . bloodshot hey yourself . kp just want to check in , see how you be . bloodshot pull a bag of nacho cheese tortilla chip from the vend machine . open it . tries one . as he do : bloodshot well , I live through harting 's whole samurai speech , so I get that go for I . 42 . bloodshot shrug at the nacho cheese chip . set the bag aside and press another button . this time it 's peanut butter cracker . he try one . kp yeah , he can be melodramatic . but it 's because he 's a man of principle and -- what be you do ? bloodshot be now sampling cookie . he like this . bloodshot figure out what I like . this -- ( hold up chip ) -- be a abomination . but this -- ( hold up cookie ) -- I could eat a hundred , right now . kp you want to , but when you do , you immediately regret it . trust I . ( then ) you really do not remember anything ? bloodshot get a far-off look in he eye , smile sadly . bloodshot I remember gina ... she 's the only mirror I have to my life . you know ? I do not know the thing I do , but I know she smile . ( beat ) so either she be way out of my league and I get lucky , or I be a goddamn saint . kp well . I ever find a guy , and he memory get wipe but he still remember I , I would say I be the lucky one . it 's a load moment ... a bond form between this two . mutual respect , maybe a little envy from kp . that 's when she offer he the box tuck under she arm . bloodshot what be this ? kp the navy ship you out with you personal effect , I guess to make it cleaner for they . maybe ... maybe something will jog you memory . just do not tell anyone I give this to you . 43 . bloodshot take the box like it 's the Crown jewel . int . bloodshot 's bunk room - moment later bloodshot stare at the box , then open it . Inside : a break wrist watch . a wallet that 's be gut except for a few discount card , and ... a ipod . bloodshot try to power it up -- it 's dead . but he find a charge under a shirt . one minute later the device boot up and he can access it . the first app that jump out at he be '' Music . '' already queue on the playlist be some classic definitely leppard . the cow bell sound tinny on the little speaker . bloodshot '' it 's better to burn out , than to fade away . '' how could I ever forget you guy ? he pause the music and close the app . that 's when he see the photo feature . click on it . in the camera Roll : photo of gina . candid moment of she dress for a night out wit he -- pose as if she 's ask , '' how do I look ? '' he thumb through the pic , none of they really feature much in the way of scenery beyond gina on vacation with he . then one image , gina run she hand through she hair -- quick pop : suddenly bloodshot be in that very moment , right then , watch gina run she hand through she hair , smile coyly . back to scene bloodshot tremble at the vivid moment . he nearly look around the room as if he can suddenly smell she perfume ... but he be all alone . and he shoulder slump . his hand grip the bunk , and he start to warp the metal with a sorrow come out as rage . but the groan of metal turn to : 44 , ext . hong kong skyline the roar of a helicopter on arrival to rising Spirit . CUT to : individual face flicker by -- thirty per second -- tibbs ( 0.s . ) encrypt hard - line access to the CIA / interpol share database . pop out to reveal : int . rising spirit , sub - basement - night bloodshot watch the headshot on a view screen , tibbs and harting behind he . tibbs every driver 's licence , passport , and mugshot ever take . Three billion some - odd folk ... bloodshot Facebook for fed . thousands of image reflect off bloodshot 's dark eye . tibbs ( cont 'd ) if that aussie be the needle , this be you haystack . harting I be run a diagnostic on you nanite 's bioelectrical system , so you may experience some weird lapse ... bloodshot do not respond . tibbs snap he finger in front of bloodshot : do not even blink . harting ( cont 'd ) he 's already go . bloodshot 's Pov : time slow to a crawl , each face hold on screen for a beat . bloodshot take it all in . wait for a flash of : aussie thanks for the advice . gunshot rip US back to : 45 . int . sub - basement - night the place be desert . bloodshot be alone . have not move -- have not blink -- in hour . his vigil of vengeance . suddenly bloodshot 's face begin to twitch , like a contortionist who can no longer hold he pose . sweat bead on he brow ... finally he reach up , pause the image dance by . on screen : one face . familiar . Australian . this be he guy . the man who shot gina in front of he . and now we have a name , glow at we under the profile pic : bloodshot Martin axe . found you . int . rst ops CENTER - night so Long and harting argue in front of a array of high - tech network computer , unaware that the mugshot of bad guy have finally stop on Martin axe . so long I just do not get it . you could pump I full of nanite instead of he . why bother with mister Broken heart at all ? harting you be right . you do not get it . it be not skill or training that make he perfect , it 's what drive he . so long Technology . harting you know the myth of tantalus ? curse for the rest of he day to be surround by fruit and water that recede every time he reach for it ? that 's bloodshot . he 's ever reach for what he can not have . ( beat ) it 's he prison . so long I nil take he prison over mine any day . more data on axe start to fill screen . file open . surveillance photography . it 's the digital version of dump a trash bin full of personal record . 46 . the computer system chime with a alert , finally attract harting 's attention . he look over at all the search data clearly cull by bloodshot . so long ( cont ’d ) Martin axe ? who 's this ? on one screen : '' last know location : ST. petersburg . '' bloodshot barrel into the room , surprising the man . bloodshot I need to get to Russia . int . briefing room - later bloodshot get a a fake passport from tibbs . tibbs give US tension with Putin , we can not risk a incident on Russian soil . that mean you be gonna be on you own -- no insertion , no back - up , no exfil . tibbs notice bloodshot check the sight and thumbing the safety on a Desert Eagle . tibbs ( cont 'd ) you can not take that on the plane , you know . bloodshot consider my own blood will probably trip the metal scanner , I will have to get creative with my travel . the rest of chainsaw hang back , say '' goodbye '' without say it . bloodshot take a deep breath ... be he nervous ? kp think you be ready ? few day ago you be a corpse . bloodshot say the woman with the break neck . kp and bloodshot share a look ... be she worried about he ? bloodshot ( cont ’d ) i’1l be fine ... survive the freakshow , do not I ? 47 . so long we pull we punch . last time you see this axe clown , guy put a bullet in you brain ... bloodshot I intend to return the favor . so long ( taunting ) killing he be not gonna bring you wife back . bloodshot be a dick be not gonna bring you ball back . so Long 's on he foot -- bloodshot hold he ground . tibbs calm down , lady -- you be both pretty . bloodshot notice he pale skin . bloodshot I kinda look like I sleep in a coffin . harting do not like what you see ? Change it . bloodshot ha ha . wait , really ? harting ( samurai wisdom ) the body be but a extension of the mind . bloodshot consider this . he close he eye and exhales ... microscopic shot : bloodshot 's skin cell -- one by one they transform from deathly pale to a robust flesh tone -- pull out : the transformation spread like a wave -- continue pulling out to reveal : bloodshot ... he complexion healthy and vibrant . kp smile . he 's definitely ready . harting ( pre - lap ) ( cont ’d ) you will brief we every six hour ... 48 . int . rising spirit , ground floor - earlier that day harting lead bloodshot to the front door . bloodshot look startlingly normal , like he be when we first see he . harting nanite use voice over ip so just ask for a connection . there 's a beat of silence ... this be it . bloodshot 's leave . bloodshot I appreciate you let I do this . I would have feel a pang of guilt if I have to escape instead . harting this be a test , for both of we . but as I have say , there come a time when you have to step off the ledge . ( then ) I be a dead man if you do not come back . bloodshot be dead be not so bad . ( then ) I 'il come back . ext . hong kong INTERNATIONAL airport - day on a man-made island , giant commercial plane be literally come in just a hundred foot over hotel and condo to land . out on the tarmac , a herd of passengers board a 747 while baggage handlers load the freight compartment . linger on the line of passenger as they ascend the stair ... no sign of bloodshot here ... bloodshot ( v.o. ) you have give I a second chance -- a chance to make thing right . but then a asian baggage handler climb into the freight compartment with a box mark '' fragile . '' int . 747 freight compartment the handler set the box down , walling off a section of the compartment . the handler then sit behind that wall of baggage , take off he ear protector ... and stare at he hand . he begin shaking he head like he have water in he ear or something , but then he face change -- 49 . microscopic sequence : the brown eye around he pupil shift to a different color , the skin tone shift , and then -- it 's bloodshot sit in the freight compartment . he check himself in the reflective surface of a chrome support beam . bloodshot damn . I look good as a asian dude . ext . sky over china - day the 747 vault into the stratosphere . int . 747 freight compartment bloodshot have three different suitcase open , pull out potential clothing option and place they against he chest to see if they have fit . all the while he 's sing to himself : bloodshot if you think I 'il sit around while you chip away my brain / listen I be not foolin’ and you would better think again -- he find a turtleneck that look like a good fit and toss it into a tumi briefcase he 's gut to claim he own . a bag of homemade cookies sit in he lap , pull from someone 's check luggage . bloodshot look up at nothing in particular and say : bloodshot ( cont ’d ) open new window . access employee roster for halcyon Technologies . he take a bite of a cookie -- bloodshot Pov suddenly the music of juda priest be blast in he head and we be look at a slew of holographic website data float in front of we , a dozen window multitask . juda priest ( music video window ) if you think I 'il let it go you be mad , you have get another thing comin’ . one website pull up a set of employee record for a tech company while other page show satellite photo of a corporate compound in St. Petersburg . it 's a old building with row of very expensive car out front . the employee record page scroll as if by mental command . 50 . int . rst ops CENTER - day the same employee record show on the screen here at rst . they be see all of bloodshot 's inquiry real - time . also , they be victim to he music selection . kp sit with harting in the center , watch the data go by like a pair of voyeur . kp be that juda Priest ? harting ( sigh ) yes . he 's use we Internet server link as he personal jukebox . kp lean in , increasingly fascinate . kp he use axe 's income return form to locate a Russian shell company axe use as cover . ( see another screen ) now he 's pull up the building 's history . be he look for a point of access ? harting he can not just walk in and ask to murder a high - tech arm dealer . so , I would say yes . on the screen , face of different russian men and women whip by , with employee id number . kp so what 's he do with that employee roster ? harting probably figure out how many be work the night shift . the screen switch to a new video website with the title '' Language learner . '' the first video : '' learn Russian . lesson one . '' the video play at double speed , all the while juda Priest still wail they guitar , right into -- ext . ST . petersburg airport - dusk the 747 now park at a gate . 51 . baggage handlers dress for the cold weather unload the luggage from a conveyor belt as the bag travel from the belly of the plane . the handlers turn around to grab another suitcase but instead find bloodshot riding the conveyor down , dress more warmly now himself , too , and carry he ( steal ) briefcase . bloodshot ( in Russian , subtitle ) luggage inspection . you handle that fragile box like it be you woman , good job . here , have a cookie . bloodshot leave the mystify handler with the cookie bag . ext . ST. peterspburg - day soaring above the northern capital of Russia , fourth large city in Europe . Sun glisten off the snow - cap rooftop . Street level . alexi krieger , park he car . Grocery in hand , he enter the front door of he up - scale flat . krieger viktor ! int . krieger 's flat - day silence . krieger grab a box of dog treat from he bag . he head into the kitchen and find -- krieger viktor . his doberman . krieger shake the box ... but the dog could care less ... he 's chomping on something else . krieger ( cont 'd ) ( Russian , subtitle ) what you get there ? krieger move closer -- see that the dog be eat a steak ? suddenly -- phone cord go around krieger 's neck -- bloodshot pull it tight -- krieger struggle -- bloodshot if I want you dead , you have be dead . krieger gasp for air -- 52 . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) alexi krieger . yeah , I know who you be . you get a attack dog like viktor for protection because you be not a fighter . so listen t--ooof ! krieger 's elbow jam right in bloodshot 's gut -- then krieger stomp bloodshot 's foot -- bloodshot lose he grip on the cord for a moment , and so krieger lunge for the knife block -- bloodshot pull back -- too late -- krieger grab a blade -- launch himself backwards -- slam bloodshot into the fridge -- again -- and again -- doberman just watch -- that steak be really good . wham -- bloodshot lose he grip on the cord . krieger spin around -- stab at bloodshot -- the blade go through bloodshot 's hand -- bloodshot ( cont ’d ) seriously ?! what 's the dog for ?! krieger see he have the upper hand now , with bloodshot impale next to he fridge . krieger dispose of body . I will carve you up now . bloodshot here 's you knife back . bloodshot push he impale hand further down the knife . a stunne krieger watch as bloodshot 's black blood heal the wound around the blade -- gripping it so he can pull the weapon out of a krieger 's hand . krieger my god ... bloodshot headbutt the Russian -- blackness . ext . krieger 's flat - night krieger wake with a start , tie to a chair . tied with various extension cord . it 's a weird mix of different household item around the chair , include a curling iron . 53. bloodshot could not find any rope or tape so I have to make do . by the way -- curling iron ? krieger ex - girlfriend leave it . who be you ? bloodshot I be not up for discussion . Martin axe be . you work with he up until last month when you be let go . you work in R&D . you know what he 's do here . and what I can expect if I come at he . krieger keep stare at bloodshot 's hand . his perfectly heal hand , as if he have never be stab . krieger you blood ... it 's be replace ? Micro - robotic protein , yes ? I hear rumor ... never believe they . but you heal , yes ? bloodshot I know a few parlor trick . so , Martin axe . what do you do for he ? let 's start there . krieger will tell you everything . but for a price ... you blood . a sample . bloodshot consider the proposition ... krieger ( cont 'd ) all you want to know ... why axe be here , how you can get to he . bloodshot get a shot glass from the bar , grab a knife . krieger hesitates ... be bloodshot go use it on krieger ? bloodshot put he own hand over the glass -- grit he tooth and -- holy shit -- cut off he own finger . bloodshot ( through the pain ) talk . Black blood run into the shot glass ... krieger a emp bomb . that 's what he hire I to build for he . bloodshot what for ? he robbing a casino ? krieger no , this -- big enough to shut down entire city . he hire I to build it -- bloodshot what for ? krieger in my line of work , you do not ask that question . curiosity get you dead . all I care be that check clear . bloodshot how often do you meet with axe ? krieger only once in person . Rest of time , he would use intermediary . I do not think he even have office in that building . bloodshot so how do I get to he ? krieger I do not know -- bloodshot i_just cut off my finger . krieger no one do ! he 's paranoid -- do not tell anyone where he 's stay in the city . take all he call on a encrypt cell . if you want he , you have to draw he out . bloodshot take a beat . get a idea -- bloodshot where be the bomb ? krieger he 's sit on it in bolshoi Port , but he leave in morning . he have a small army guard it -- get in be not possible . bloodshot you would be surprised by what 's possible . bloodshot take he severe finger , wince as he push it against the stump ... nanite stitch it back in place . krieger can barely believe he eye . 55 . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) if you be lie to I , I 'il come back . get a sample of you blood . krieger what you have give I ... it be worth more than ten mass emp . bloodshot hold up the shot glass ... bloodshot you mean this ? and drink he own blood . krieger be heartbroken . bloodshot scratch viktor 's head before slip out . krieger ( to the dog ) traitor . ext . neviskiy blvd - night bloodshot move quickly down the street , talk to himself . bloodshot less than a kilometer . he 's use voice over ip to speak with -- int . command hub , rising spirit - intercut with above harting , look over satellite image of the bolshoi Port . tech and the chainsaw team work furiously behind he . a gps marker indicate bloodshot 's location on a 3 - D map . harting ( into com ) bolshoi be a private shipping center , minimal government interference . bloodshot good waystation for export really nasty black market weapon . kp analyze surveillance photo of the port ... kp redundant perimeter , interior fence be electrify . two dozen guard with dog on a variable rotation . harting tibbs , run scenario for point - of -entry -- 56 . bloodshot already find p.o.e . harting chance of detection ? bloodshot pretty high . go through the front . tibbs pretty high ? int . guard house - night two armed security guard be smoking inside the gate house when one of they notice on the monitor -- ext . MAIN gate - continuous bloodshot walk right up to the front gate . both guard emerge . note : dialogue in italic be subtitle . guard private property , asshole . you do not belong here . bloodshot here to see Martin axe . guard ( incredulous ) really ? the nature of you business ? bloodshot I be go to kill he . the guard look back at he buddy -- be this guy for real ? in a flash -- bloodshot rip the rifle out of the guard 's hand -- the other guard panic -- open fire -- shoot bloodshot and the other guard . both body fall to the snow -- dead . survive guard 's face say it all -- fuck I . int . rst ops CENTER - that moment harting , tibbs , and kp all stare at the surveillance and satellite footage . for a moment , the three of they share a lock of utter shock and horror . then , a smile spread over kp 's face . 57 . int . cargo hold , hade ocean freighter - night a Russian copycat of a american cartoon play on a small tv . one lone watchman with a AK - 47 sit at a desk , enjoy the show with a grin . then he stand as a group of other guard lead by a mercenary commander ( m.c. ) haul in two body in black body bag . m.c. take bloodshot 's Desert Eagle from the Guards , inspect it , nod , then set it down , order : m.c . put they on the table here . the Guards obey , then leave . meanwhile , the m.c. go to the watchman 's desk and grab a handset to the freighter 's internal phone line . m.c. ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) there 's be a incident . a intruder attempt to gain entry but Ivan shot and kill he at the gangway . the other Ivan be kill , too . friendly fire . int . captain 's quarter - that moment revealing martin axe sit up in bed , handset to he ear . he 's get out now like this be mobilize news . axe be he american ? ( beat ) be you sure he 's dead ? axe reach out and grab a little remote , thumbing it to activate the little LED screen : '' armed . '' int . cargo hold - that moment the m.c. listen to he order from axe . m.c . stay with they ? yes sir . the m.c. hang up and look back at the body bag , like , why the hell be I babysit dead man ? next to he , the watchman remain stand but go back to he cartoon . in the background , visible between this two thug , one of the body bag begin to unzip itself . behind they , bloodshot sit up . look over at the man . 58 . bloodshot pick up he Desert Eagle off the table . watchman this be my favorite part . you see it diveaay ? why watch again ? do not you want to be surprised ? bloodshot shoot they both -- double tap -- they collapse . he grab assault rifle from the m.c. int . hade ocean freighter - moment later bloodshot make he way down the narrow metal step , armed with the AK - 47 . he duck into the -- int . utility room , hade freighter - continuous bloodshot search the various panel -- find the power line , rip it out . int . cargo hold - continuous light out -- int . bridge - continuous power go out here but emergency lighting flicker on , revealing martin axe with a shotgun , alert as a cat after a shot of espresso . his crew of merc be close . four , five ... at least six . axe he 's here . he 's down in the hold . ( then ) that mean go , you idiot . int . freighter cargo hold - moment later axe 's merc make they way into the bowel of the freighter , weapon ready ... flashlight sweeping ... totally unaware that in the shadow -- bloodshot watch . his eye be tinged with a dull crimson glow , tracking they with a nanite - induce infrared filter until -- he strike , blast in the dark -- all rage and brutality ; go be the wisecrack man we think we know -- one , two , three man go down before they know what hit they -- 59 . but there be too many , and from the door : axe ( 0.s. ) it 's he ! bloodshot find axe at the entry , a silhouette against the deck light beyond , and bloodshot forget about the other merc around he , it 's all about get to axe -- bloodshot fire at axe , who duck away -- -- and that 's when two merc gun bloodshot down . he start to get up again -- merc sonuva - — — and they shoot he again . merc ( cont 'd ) what do you think he be on ? pcp ? the merc kick at bloodshot 's corpse . bloodshot roll over , handgun in he grip , and blast at the merc , drop he -- the second merc freak out , fire again , two to the chest ... axe ( 0.s. ) do you get he ? merc 2 I think ? merc 2 be out of ammo . as he 's reloading -- bloodshot get up for a third time , tooth gritt , ooze black from the corner of he mouth , and shoot the final merc in the head . this man absolutely will not stop , despite the mortal pain . and speak of pain -- bloodshot then spit up half a dozen spend bullet . at the door , axe peer back inside , tense ... axe be it safe ? in the dark , a shadow move for he . but this shadow 's eye glow red , as well as a red circle in he torso . int . galley - continuous axe burst into the dark kitchen -- on the run . from behind -- 60 . bloodshot 's voice you murder my wife . axe spin -- fire -- nothing . bloodshot 's voice ( cont 'd ) shot she in the head . axe spin , shoot again -- still nothing . know he 's screw . axe this really about some girl ? bloodshot 's voice you do not remember . axe fire blindly -- bloodshot 's voice ( cont ’d ) but I do . muzzle flash reveal bloodshot next to he . axe lunge for the door -- ext . ocean freighter - continuous axe burst on to the deck -- bloodshot right behind he -- axe run for the railing , to dive off -- a gunshot to the back put axe on the deck , face down . axe wail , then try to crawl -- but he 's lose feel in he leg . the shot paralyze he . bloodshot step close , the Desert Eagle in he hand ... and he look scarier than ever . full of primal rage . sneer : bloodshot you be casual about it . like she do not matter at all . she matter to I . axe roll over to face he enemy . bloodshot be hold out he ipod , '' remind '' axe of gina with a photo of she . he 's be carry it with he this whole time . axe show bloodshot what 's in he hand : a remote . blinking . axe better hope you can run fast ... axe' Pov bloodshot stare down at we along the sight of the massive Desert Eagle . he say right at we face : 61 . bloodshot thanks for the advice . blam ! muzzle flash white we out . int . rst ops CENTER - that moment on the satellite feed , a heat balloon or similar light begin to blossom from the cargo ship . klaxon chime from the system as tech scramble to isolate what just happen -- harting what be that , talk to I . tech get a power spike in the hold , something 's be trigger -- harting nuclear ? tech no. electromagnetic . harting Christ -- ( into headset ) listen , you have to move now . ext . dockside - moment later from the high railing of the freighter thirty foot up , bloodshot leap to the concrete dock -- his leg break , knee buckle , and he roll in pain . but a moment later he get back up , the nanite stitching he break leg together ... one step , then two ... then -- he 's run again -- with harting in he ear -- harting 's voice a emp have be trigger -- you have ten second to get clear ! bloodshot what happen if I be in it ? harting 's voice very bad thing . so bloodshot run . faster than ever . 62 . on approach to the gatehouse , he use he momentum to leap onto the roof of a park car , and then to the roof of the gatehouse -- and now he 's haul ass over rooftop , vaulting across alley at 35mph -- and then from the cargo ship a quarter - mile behind he : a distant crack and a abrupt burst of light -- everything metal groans as a wave of shimmer magnetic energy balloon from the belly of the cargo hold and then -- light out . everywhere . no loud explosion . no mushroom cloud . just a roll blackout like a ripple in a pond , rush to bloodshot and then -- bloodshot not good not good not good -- overtaking he and shutting out power -- int . command hub , rising spirit - continuous harting 's screen go black -- he line to bloodshot dead . ext . bolshoi port - continuous bloodshot double over in pain -- endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's brain -- the nanite go dark -- then flicker -- a total system failure . bloodshot 's eye roll back -- int . command hub , rising spirit - same complete ass -pucker panic -- harting give I something -- a image -- tech you get it -- harting I get black . tech that 's it . not a light on for two hundred square mile . harting give he face to the Russian police . 63 . ext . bolshoi port - night bloodshot 's die -- the nanite not re-boot -- he leg not heal -- like nothing he 's experience before . bloodshot fall to the snowy rooftop on he back . whump . his body begin to turn gray ... and on he torso , dead -center , a red circle of light pulse . endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's brain -- nanite flicker in unison -- try to reboot -- finally they go dark . CUT to : black . frantic visual collage Day of the dead image -- coffin and carnation -- a child in skull face paint -- Ray and gina in the hotel room -- int . tijuanna HOTEL room - morning bloodshot wake in bed . alone . which seem ... odd . bloodshot gina ...? he look around -- find the note . go to get we breakfast , back soon . practice make perfect . bloodshot smile . turn and catch he reflection in the mirror -- the scar on he chest be go . or be it ever there ? bloodshot ( v.o. , pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) sorry to call so early . just need to talk ... ext . HOTEL balcony - moment later bloodshot 's on the balcony , leave a message . bloodshot ( into phone ) think about get out of the field , take that instructor 's post ... remnant of the Day of the Dead festival litter the street below . it 's all so ... familiar . 64 . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) ( laugh to himself ) sorry , if we have , uh , talk about this before . just have this crazy dream .. anyway , call I . int . HOTEL bathroom - moment later bloodshot 's in the shower ... lose in think . keeps scrubbing the same spot on he chest ... right where the scar should be . something be definitely wrong . he turn off the water ... int . HOTEL room - moment later creak -- the door open -- two Pros enter -- just as they do before . head towards the steam - fill bathroom , pass the -- balcony where bloodshot be clothed and ready -- sog knife in hand . in a flash -- he take out the first pro. second pro lunge at bloodshot -- who counter with ease , pin he attacker against the balcony railing . bloodshot where be she ? where 's my wife . bloodshot remember -- everything . pro curse in Spanish -- bloodshot ( cont ’d ) then i’1l ask Martin axe . bloodshot throws the pro off the balcony before -- int . hallway - moment later move into the hall , ready for axe . but it 's empty . the stairwell door open ... here we go ... but it 's just some old guy with a ponytail . he see the knife in bloodshot 's hand ... freeze . bloodshot go to you room -- lock the door . Old guy move quickly past bloodshot -- but then turn and -- stab bloodshot in the back with a auto-injector . a shocked bloodshot spin on the old guy ... leg lock up ... he vision ... cloudy ... finally he collapse . 65 . blackness we know what come next -- stairway to Heaven . Hood come off , bloodshot 's back in the chair -- int . barn - continuous but it 's not axe in front he -- it 's that old quy . old guy now this , this be torture . garrison who -- old guy led Zeppelin . most overrate band -- garrison -- be you ? old guy I think I 'il ask the question . bloodshot be beyond confuse ... what the hell be go on ? bloodshot where 's Martin ... axe ? old guy who ? bloodshot he set this up ... take my wife ... old guy right about one thing ... the old guy give the signal and he men drag in gina , bound , gag -- but very much alive . bloodshot smile , tear welling up -- emotion overwhelming . imagine find the person you love the most -- and lose -- only to know you be about to lose they again . bloodshot please ... please do not do this ... old guy just need to know about colombia -- bloodshot i_ don ’t know . I do not know ... why be you do this ... why ? 66 . ever see someone 's soul crush ? you be watch it . gina sob -- bloodshot try to console she ... bloodshot ( cont ’d ) I be sorry ... so sorry ... he close he eye -- can not look at she -- too real -- too raw . we hold on bloodshot 's face ... gunshot -- bloodshot shudder -- gina 's sobbing silence . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) ( defeat ) just do it ... just kill I ... bloodshot look up -- .45 point right at we , just like axe , but now it 's the old guy 's tattooe hand hold the gun . old guy thanks for the advice . gunshot rip US back to : bloodshot . his eye flutter open ... he 's groggy , restrain . in the resurrection tank ? bloodshot it be not ... axe ... krieger ( 0.c . ) no time . bloodshot look around -- realize he 's actually in -- int . krieger 's work room - night darkness . and the sound of a diesel generator run right next to the bed bloodshot 's on . correction -- he 's cuffed to the bed . further correction -- it 's just a metal frame + box spring . krieger good . you be awake . a set of jumper cable lead from the generator to the bare metal of the bed . krieger hold one free , then reach out and touch it to the box spring -- electrocuting bloodshot . bloodshot try to pull free -- can barely breathe -- bloodshot Russian bastard -- 67 . krieger you be die . bloodshot yeah , I have do that before -- krieger shut up -- I be save you . krieger hit he again -- bloodshot spasm -- endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's heart -- nanite flicker -- try to come back online -- flash to : a bald chinese man , .45 point right at we -- chinese man thanks -- back to : bloodshot -- tooth grind -- pain unbearable . krieger it work ? no response -- krieger shock he again . bloodshot contort in pain -- the chest scar glow red , he skin fade white -- flash to : a german with steely blue eye , same .45 -- german thanks for the -- back to : bloodshot -- eye bulg -- krieger do it work ? bloodshot just glare -- krieger ( cont 'd ) do not understand -- nothing more I can do -- maximum voltage -- krieger shock he again -- God , that hurt . flash to : a african with a scar on he forehead -- african thanks for the advice -- gunshot rip US back to : bloodshot -- finally break free -- fall to the floor . 68 . his gray skin finally warm like a chameleon change color back to a natural tone . the skin of someone live . but instead of attack krieger , he reposition something between he tooth ... krieger it ... work ? bloodshot yeah -- the first time . but I bit my tongue off ... second and third time just hurt . krieger chooser be not beggar . bloodshot take in he surroundings . bloodshot how ... how do I get here ? krieger I find you outside . when nanite go dark , you injury stop heal . emp kill everything -- so I give you a jump . bloodshot 's whole world be spin ... bloodshot I see my wife again . like a dream ... krieger give he a sly smile ... krieger be it nice ? bloodshot not that kind of dream . ( beat ) I see she die ... but it be not axe . it be some german dude , then a African with a scar , then a old guy , white ponytail , greek letter tattooe on he hand ... krieger that last one sound like Nick baris . '' death '' tattooe on he hand . in Greek . he 's real . bloodshot loosen he grip on krieger -- krieger ( cont 'd ) who be he ? 69 . krieger ( cont 'd ) baris be arm dealer like axe , offer I job last year ... pay be shit so I tell he to take my number and lose it . bloodshot why do not you just tell I ? krieger because it mean the myth be real ! bloodshot what myth ? what be you talk about ? krieger go and sit down heavily in a chair nearby . he have the body language of a father who just learn he teenage daughter be pregnant . krieger a contract killer , wiping out anyone who steal from rst . but the violence , the determination ... this man be out for blood . each time it be personal . a vendetta . bloodshot ( beat ) you think it 's I ? krieger shrug , but it 's clear he do . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) I be dead last month . and before that , I would never hear of harting or rst . krieger then maybe you be small part in bigger picture . here be the question for you : what do you remember ? what do you know be true , without a doubt ? that give bloodshot pause . it 's catch up to he . bloodshot ( more to himself ) I want to kill he so badly ... to make he pay ... what if I be wrong ? ( then ) I have to find out . krieger emp shut down everything -- four hundred klick -- internet , airport , car -- only thing work right now be train come in from out of town . 70 . bloodshot then I need to catch one . int . moskovsky STREET - night bloodshot limp down the street , krieger by he side . in bloodshot 's hand : he ipod . bricked by the emp . krieger do not notice the look of loss on he face . krieger when you get to Moscow , power will be work -- find a internet café . bloodshot I do not need a internet café . I have wifi in my vein . krieger that wifi ? you always connect to rst server first . you be behind they firewall . so they can monitor you Internet activity . I would not trust that . bloodshot how do you know so much about rst ? krieger they have reputation . I have see they take away everything from other tech designer . discredit they name , make it impossible to return to they family , put they on global terrorist list , all to keep secret for rst . they own you . if they can not own you , they banish you . and if that be too much work they simply kill you . they be , to use american slang , '' bag of douche . '' bloodshot Close but not quite . ( a breath ) guess I be on my own now . krieger no . you be never alone . you have entire army at you command . million of little soldier inside you , await order . if I give you any advice it be : get creative . bloodshot ( nod ) thank you . when I figure this all out , I may call on you again , for help . ( earnest ) and I ’'1l get you that blood sample . 71 . krieger ( smile ) you be think I do not take one , when you be unconscious ? ext . russian train station - dusk this station be not much more than a platform and a outdated train schedule on a wall . bloodshot wait for the next train , hand in he pocket . he look down the track : a train approach . but it do not seem to be slow down . at the other end of the platform , a russian patrolman step on . walk cautiously toward bloodshot . bloodshot casually turn he back to the cop and keep he collar up , but then he see another patrolman flanking he . bloodshot ( sotto ; sarcastic ) look like this be my train . except this one be not stop . it rocket past he ... the two patrolmen advance on bloodshot , they radio handsets squawk in some Russian dialect ... bloodshot get closer to the train , like he 's ready to jump the track soon as it 's clear the way -- the patrolmen pull they gun : russian patrolman 1 ( translate ) you there ! hand up ! bloodshot obey . hand up . at the final car , bloodshot reach out and -- holy shit he 's go to -- yank ! bloodshot be pull off he foot , go in a instant -- -- now dangle like a flag on the end of the train , with a severely dislocate arm . with effort , he get to the back door and step inside . int . passenger train - storage compartment - moment later bloodshot sit down and take a few breath before he physically snap he dislocate arm back into place . 72 . it 's audibly painful . for a moment he just lie there . then , through the window of this car : the street light of a crossing bridge . he 's out of the emp 's range . bloodshot ( to himself ) back on the grid . here we go ... int . command hub - night harting be pace like a cage animal until suddenly -- tech we have get he -- bloodshot 's voice ( through com ) I be not sure axe kill my wife ... harting ( into com ) you be not '' sure ? '' ext . passenger train - intercut with above bloodshot move for a passenger car as he speak to harting . bloodshot after the blackout , I remember it all ... I be live it again , like a dream . but it be not axe , it be someone else . harting mute he mic , turn to a tech -- harting remote shutdown ? tech emp re-set the protocol ... not recognize we server . harting be not happy . un-mute he mic -- harting you need to come in . bloodshot I need to figure this out first . harting because you have a bad dream ? the emp shut down the nanite -- they be malfunction . bloodshot maybe they be malfunction before . 73. harting listen , I risk everything to give you this . and you promise I you would return . we have no idea how badly the nanite be damage by the mass emp . you whole body could shut down -- you could die . bloodshot would not be the first time ... harting you need to come back . trust I , you do not want to suffer ptsd with the help of a supercomputer in you brain . bloodshot ( as he enter a passenger car ) right now , I do not trust anyone . tech he terminate the line . then , on screen : a organizational chart of rst maximize . it showcase the various branch of the company , with harting 's name at the top -- the head of the snake . tech ( cont 'd ) Sir ? he 's access we internal server now . shall I disconnect ? harting watch . fold he arm over he chest . harting what 's he pull up ? bloodshot Pov : the org chart hang in front of we like a overlay to the real world . bloodshot ( 0.s. ) ( to himself ) yeah , I bet you can see this , harting . if you have betrayed I , I be tear it all down ... hang on , what 's this ? a arrow icon in the corner connect harting 's ceo box to something off-screen . bloodshot triggers the icon -- and the org chart zoom out to reveal rst be merely one branch on a massive tree of black - tech company . a terrible conglomerate of death with a dozen more man like harting . at the top of it all ? a man name kozol . the puppet master . bloodshot ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) who the hell be that ? 74 . and from a corporate headshot of kozol by he name -- kozol ( pre - lap ) just turn he off . int . rising spirit conference room - intercut with above harting 's on a video conference with kozol . harting the mass emp re-boot the system -- it 's not recognize the rst server command . kozol so? harting we own security system be lock we out . we be try some other option , but we may not have any remote control . kozol if we lose he ... can you make another ? harting not without he . I need more data . kozol St. Petersburg be a complete disaster -- harting which can not be tie to we . kozol why be he in the vicinity of that weapon ? harting we do not know about it in time . kozol what do you know , Doctor ? harting bite he tongue . do not like have he nose rubbed in he mess . harting I know I ‘'1l bring he in . kozol that 's you only option , doctor . kozol disconnect the line . 75 . ext . european countryside - day the passenger train slice through the hilly forest , have escape the cold snow of deep Russia . int . passenger train - '' coach '' seating - day bloodshot make he way up the aisle , look for a place to sit , try to look inconspicuous . of course he 's wear the same shirt from St. Petersburg . he look like a hobo . a zombie hobo , with he skin tone . on the train 's tv in the corner , live news of the emp explosion be the main attraction . a few blue-collar commuter watch the tv with interest . then a image of bloodshot appear on screen , with the bumper text of '' breaking news '' underneath . so bloodshot keep move , head down , not make eye contact with anyone . int . passenger train - business CLASS car - day bloodshot slide open the door and step in . wide angle this be where the rich ride . one extra-large seat on either side of the main aisle versus two small one . leg room . and also virtually empty . in one seat : a foppish british commuter , sip a tea while work on he laptop on a tray . bloodshot eye that laptop . and sit down across from he . the Brit glance at bloodshot , then do a double - take . as bloodshot get comfortable , the Brit clear he throat . british commuter pardon , do you have a ticket ? bloodshot why , be this seat take ? british commuter I do not think you belong here . bloodshot everyone keep tell I that . the Brit start to stand up , grab he laptop -- 76 . british commuter I will have the conductor tell you , so you can go back to you hillbilly convention -- bloodshot put a hand on he shoulder and forcibly sit he back down . bloodshot I just need to borrow you laptop . british commuter for what ? a seat warmer ? bloodshot take the computer from the Brit 's hand and open it to discover a login screen . bloodshot I nil just take a minute , I will not even close you browser so you can keep shopping for monocle or whatever -- british commuter it 's password protect . bloodshot be it ? the password sequence cycle through number until -- ding ! british commuter how do you -- the screen now display a web browser ; some gateway page to a pay porn site -- '' Big busted brit ! '' bloodshot ohh wait , that 's not a monocle site ! red-faced , the Brit now jump out of he seat and flee for the next car , with the threat over he shoulder : british commuter the authority will deal with this ! bloodshot ( friendly ) oh I think you be safe to watch porn here , do not worry ! even more incense , the Brit open the ( electric ) pocket door and hurry to the next car . now temporarily alone , bloodshot open a new search screen . 77 . type in the name : '' Nick baris . '' the browser respond with a pinwheel icon . bloodshot roll he eye . tap the tray - table impatiently -- on screen : search result return . News article . click -- series of quick cut : photo of baris . Tommy lao. freidrich leipzig . all of they from bloodshot 's memory . a couple of bar of led Zeppelin punch through like a break record . gunshot rip US back to : bloodshot , in shock . his own past be in doubt . more than that , this be a man who suddenly do not know quite who he really be . slowly , carefully , and full of hope and fear , bloodshot enter a new name into the search bar -- '' gina garrison . '' he hit enter . nail - bite second go by . bloodshot stare at the screen . finally , the result . and the top result lead to a Facebook personal page ... gina garrison relationship status not list currently live in Florence , Italy bloodshot stare at that entry . and then down to the location . Florence . the sound of the train slow down get he attention . bloodshot look up and out the window -- they be pull into a urban train station . the foppish Brit be on he way back with a train officer -- bloodshot point at the pocket door just as the Officer get to it , and the door buzy when the Officer pull . it 's stick . the Officer try again . still stick . bloodshot get up and wave at the Brit , point at he laptop as he head to the other door : bloodshot ( cont ’d ) all good , thanks ! 78 . he step out of the car and -- whip - pan to : int . train platform - day bloodshot stride from the train to the sound of a on-board alarm . as he look up at the departure board , it 's in german , but -- bloodshot 's Pov : the german translate real- time to English . one entry highlight : florence . and the tag : '' delaye . '' bloodshot ( sotto ) train be suppose to run on time here , come on Germany ... int . command hub , rising spirit - that moment harting enter like he 's out for blood . snap at a tech : harting have we hear back from he ? tech negative . harting hail he . right now . the room listen via the speaker system to a quick series of chime , reach out to bloodshot . bloodshot 's voice ( over comm ) harting -- harting talk to I , what -- bloodshot 's voice I be not really in right now , still try to figure some thing out . just give I a little time and leave a message . a long tone over the speaker , as harting seethes quietly . tech go to voicemail . harting in he head ?! 79 . int . train station shopping district - day at a window for a fashionable clothing store , a mannequin sport a stylish yet masculine outfit , with a longcoat . bloodshot admire it . check he pocket . int . ATM station - moment later bloodshot step up to the cash machine . he put he hand on the number pad and squint . the screen change to read : '' test mode . '' and then : '' testing dispenser . '' Euro bill start cough out at he . int . train station shopping district - day bloodshot walk out of the store in new clothes . the mannequin be now nude in the window . int . parking garage - day a sleek tesla sport model be park in the charge station outside the train terminal . bloodshot step up to the door . he snap he finger . and the light wink . the door unlock . bloodshot grin . ext . autobahn - day the electric sedan rip past US at 120mph . int . command hub , rising spirit - night harting debrief chainsaw gang via video conference -- harting we dog be off he leash . soon as he do a little homework , he 's go to Florence . int . rst gulf stream - intercut with above kp look uneasy ... tibbs what 's the play ? 80 . harting bring he back . in piece , if you have to . tibbs gonna be hard with that heal factor -- harting that emp scramble he system . any of he higher function will be inactive . he 's not as tough as he be . tibbs and if he get to she before we do ? harting consider the question ... point of no return . harting then she 's a liability . harting sign off . tibbs glance at kp -- from the look on she face , it 's not clear if she agree . tibbs there a problem soldier ? kp no , sir . so Long smile from ear to ear -- so long saddle up . ext . langley CIA headquarters - day establish . the nexus of international intelligence . deputy director carver ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) let 's get move . int . '' STAR chamber '' conference room this room be design for secret meeting . kozol stand before a room of seated CIA director , all past they 40s ; white man in expensive suit and cheap moral . kozol Project bloodshot be nearly ready for delivery . you will get you prototype soon . director williamson how do we know you be not already use it for you own purpose ? 81 . the most heavyset of the director ( burke ) roll he eye and finally lean in , hold a file folder : chief director burke we know that answer already . burke lay down surveillance photo from the folder , arrange so kozol can see they all : they show bolshoi Port in the wake of the emp burst . the carnage on the deck of the cargo ship . and finally : bloodshot lie on the roof , red circular scar aglow as he fade out . chief director burke ( cont ’d ) and you have be take he for joy ride . killing off the competition . kozol it 's call '' field testing . '' chief director burke this sort of exposure be what we do not want . it be part of the deal , you know , when we give you four point two billion dollar to go make this happen . deputy director carver and now it 's worse than that -- you have lose he . this be not like crash a stealth bomber in Beijing . bloodshot be a game - changer . this get to the wrong people , I do not care what the joint chief think we need you for , you be do . this kind of screw - up , you will rot in gitmo . kozol deputy director , take a breath . I know you be concerned about a kill machine so advanced it 's be able to slip across the protect border of seven country and murder man with round - the-clock security . you should be concerned . kozol pour a glass of water from the carafe at the table . and the CIA man start sweat . this be not go well ... kozol ( cont 'd ) but rest assure , rising Spirit be very efficient . we work clean . no loose end , no loose lip . nationality do not matter to we ; every target be equal . so keep calm , no sudden move , and if you be lucky , when you do encounter Project bloodshot , it will not be in you house , alone , in the dead of night . 82 . kozol set the water in front of they and walk out . ext . florence - day - establishing Home of the Renaissance ... rebirth . a maze of narrow street and red rooftop along the wind arno river . bloodshot stand outside a electronics store full of cheap gadget , hold a prepay phone . the electric sedan be crash - park behind he . bloodshot ( into phone ) listen carefully . you be right . and you help I , which now make you a target . you can go underground , wait it out , or you can help I expose rising Spirit . int . krieger 's flat - day krieger hold he phone to he ear with one hand as he cook something over the stove , stir it with he other . he 's also wear safety goggle and a lead apron . krieger bloodshot , you one sweet talker . ext . 17 via ricasoli - day later . a quaint , romantic little residential street of compact apartment building . bloodshot walk up to the call box on the old seminary turn luxury condo complex ... find the button for 4d . pause . then stop . like he 's lose he courage for a moment . he then hear a car door slam shut somewhere nearby , so he follow a alleyway around , to -- ext . 17 via ricasoli - parking courtyard a small open space behind the condo where a handful of little foreign two -seater be park ... .»+- and a very recognizable pickup truck . a little more beat up , but otherwise it 's the one from bloodshot 's memory . astonish , bloodshot approach it . he reach out , cautious , and place he hand on the tailgate . caress it , as if it be a wild creature easily spook . bloodshot it 's real ... 83 . that 's what he 's grapple with -- the memory of gina in Tijuana must have some truth , if the truck be real . int . 17 via ricasoli - moment later bloodshot ascend the stair , march to 4d . at the door , he hold up a fist to knock , notice he hand be tremble . he be legitimately nervous about this part ; both thrilled and terrify to see he wife . while he hold he fist , try to steady himself -- the door open , and he be nearly run into by : gina . alive and well . she stop a inch short of run into he , and gasp . bloodshot 's heart pound . can not speak . can not breathe . can not believe what he 's see ... and neither can she . bloodshot gina ? gina ..- Ray ? they stare at each other in shock ... in wonder ... but it 's also like a old , deep wound start bleed again . either of they may cry at any moment -- bloodshot you be , uh ... you be late . he say it to try and break the incredible tension , but it just bring all the sorrow roiling up even more . gina do not reply with she retort . instead she reach out and brushes he cheek with she hand , mystify ... gina you be real ... bloodshot yeah -- gina I think you be dead . bloodshot I think I be . 84 . that 's all they can take . gina step in for a embrace . the two hold onto each other at the threshold of she door . int . gina 's florence apartment - day bloodshot sit on the sofa , a glass of water in front of he . gina stare at he from a chair . eye still ready to cry . gina you be - - it 's like look at a ghost . I feel like if I blink , you will be go . bloodshot I have so much to say , I do not know where to start . I think you be dead , too . gina I ? what do you mean ? bloodshot I see it . I be right there . gina where ? bloodshot in Mexico . we second honeymoon . gina frown . leans in . gina but . we never go back to Mexico . bloodshot I be talk about when we drive to tj ... after colombia . flash on : the chevy racing down the highway , water glisten on both side of the road ... too beautiful to be real . gina search he eye ... do he really not know ? gina Ray ... you do not come back from colombia . flash on : garrison in the jeep riding with the guerrilla ... the moment we meet he . everything we have see about he life -- bloodshot 's whole world be spin . everything he know . everything he remember ... bloodshot so ... none of it be real ? 85 . gina come over to where he 's sit and put she hand on he , force he to focus on she : gina hey . I be leave a widow . it be real enough . okay ? bloodshot but how ... be ... be we even marry ? gina do not you remember ? the little church by the beach ? the pastor keep call you ' Gray 's ? my uncle fall asleep at the table ? bloodshot blink . God , he want that memory so badly ... bloodshot I do not remember that . ( grasp for anything ) but , but I do remember you like tequila ... we be somewhere near a beach -- gina you be the one who like tequila . not I . gina start to realize just how scramble he brain be . gina ( cont 'd ) Ray ... what do they do to you ? bloodshot bring I back from the dead . and then give I a mission . but now , I be do with that -- I find you . maybe , if I be close to you it will all start to click again -- gina hang on , wait -- bloodshot we can have a new life together somewhere -- gina ( struggle ) I ... I do not know if I can do this again . it 's too much . lose you nearly kill I , I cry for a year -- bloodshot a year ? what be you talk about ? gina look at he . finally she 's start to understand what a lose puppy he be inside that amazing fight machine . 86 . gina Ray ... you die five year ago . bloodshot blink . hit in the gut . the room start spin on he . heart racing . he do not know how to respond to that . but something distract he , a small noise unheard by gina . endoscopic shot : the nanite in he inner ear form conical amplifier to zero in on the sound -- bloodshot hear it clearly now , a familiar voice just outside the apartment : so long ( 0.s. ) in position . in a flash -- bloodshot 's on he foot -- bloodshot we have to move . but it 's already in motion -- gas grenade crash through the window , spew a chemical fog -- and with a thunderous boom , the front door be blow off its hinge with surgical explosive -- bloodshot grab a shell - shocked gina and pull she to the bedroom -- as they go , tibbs rappel in from the window , gas mask over he face , assault rifle out , he foot slide on the floor -- and bloodshot daye he with a strike , then steal he rifle just as kp and so long storm in from the front -- bloodshot fire off a quick suppressive burst and then get into the bedroom -- int . gina 's bedroom gina have she hand over she ear , terrify by the loudness of everything -- bloodshot point -- bloodshot get in there ! gina hurry into the master bathroom . 87. int . live room tibbs have he backup smg in he hand , and the other two flank the bedroom door -- tibbs wait . tibbs 's eye switch over to thermographic in a click -- he see bloodshot 's heat signature show he location on the other side of the wall . raise he smg , and -- bloodshot step aside just as tibbs fire . what the - -? tibbs aim and fire again -- and bloodshot duck out of the way . the hell ? int . gina 's bedroom bloodshot raise he weapon at the wall on this side , aim back at tibbs -- bloodshot 's Pov : he 's use the same thermographic imagery to see where tibbs be stand , and when he return fire -- tibbs move too . but not nearly as fast . he get clipped in the shoulder with a graze wound . bloodshot I be not aim for you head either ! so long screw this . I be tired of wait . int . gina 's bedroom bloodshot rush into the bathroom and a moment later -- the three member of chainsaw approach the bathroom door with caution , when tibbs signal for they to hold . tibbs harting : she 's with he . harting 's voice then bring she in , same as he . int . gina 's bathroom bloodshot grab gina and move she to the window . 88 . peek out the open window , it 's big enough for they both to fit through , but -- gina it 's too far down ! yeah , just a slant red-tile roof off into god know what . bloodshot do you still trust I ? gina what ? bloodshot oh hell , this be gonna hurt ... he hold out he hand , he back to the open window , one foot perch on the frame -- start breathe short breath as if to psych himself up for what he 's about to do -- so long ( 0.s. ) allow I -- so Long kick down the door with he cybernetic leg -- and bloodshot fall backward right out the window with gina . ext . 17 via ricasoli they fall one story onto the hard red tile -- bloodshot cradling gina against he protectively as they slide hard right off the slant roof -- for a two - story freefall -- crashing down through the fabric-awn roof of a food cart . gina roll off , harmlessly landing on all four next to the mutilate cart with bloodshot atop it , a mass of break limb , neck , rib . gina see and gasp . she gasp again when bloodshot stand up . gina oh my god , Ray -- bloodshot give I a minute . 89 . he crack he head back into place . resets he rib . rotates he shoulder . everything seemingly in order -- but she 's stare at he in horror . one hand over she mouth , the other point right at he , at ... gina you , you finger be -- whoops . the finger of he leave hand be still terribly askew , wrench in all direction . bloodshot slap it against he leg , and they click back into they joint in the proper direction . bloodshot all good . i’1l walk it off . int . gina 's bedroom so Long stare out the window , get angrier . so long be you kid I ? tibbs they be mobile . int . command hub - same harting watch . piss . harting chainsaw , I have invest half a billion dollar in you . act like it . int . pickup truck - moment later bloodshot 's at the wheel ... gina this be ... so mess up , Ray . who be they ? bloodshot they be bad people , gina . everything they touch turn bad . gina they be try to kill we both back there ! in my apartment ! who do that ? 90 . bloodshot that be my fault . it be wrong of I to track you down like this . let I deal with they and we can start over . gina I bury you once already . I can not go through that again . from a side street : a black suv in pursuit . several block back and gain . bloodshot take a corner and brake . he face gina : bloodshot I will come back for you . gina ( both scared and hopeful ) will you ? bloodshot wish I luck . she can do that . gina pull he to she ... ... and kiss he as if she have be wait year for it . gina that 's the best I can do . bloodshot blink , then grab she for another kiss , this time a little deeper ... they pull away . and some internal switch have flip deep inside bloodshot . like despite all the false memory , he now know what 's real : the love they have . bloodshot thank you . int . suv - moving kp gun the suv around the corner , wheel skid -- and the pickup be out of view , but instead they see : bloodshot -- running right at they . so long run he down . kp gun it -- tibbs open fire -- through the windshield -- glass shatter -- pedestrian scream -- gl . bloodshot -- take a bullet -- than another -- keep running -- suv come right at he -- and then he jump -- vaulting right through the suv . int . suv the windshield cave in on they as bloodshot 's momentum keep launching he into the backseat -- a stray fist punching so Long as he go by -- then -- ext . suv -- bloodshot come crashing out the rear window , a mess of a man full of cut glass and break limb ... he roll on the ground to a heap a dozen yard away . and then ... bloodshot get back up . and shake it off . int . suv kp shove the windshield out -- put it in reverse -- tibbs spin around with he rifle -- point right at so Long -- tibbs duck -- he hit the deck -- tibbs fire -- ext . street of florence bloodshot -- take a bullet -- another -- stumble -- the suv slam into he again , run he down -- kp mash the brake and everyone stare out the front at : bloodshot , who despite both hit -and - run encounter ... get back up . paler than before . Arm definitely break -- oh wait , he just shook it back into place . so Long grin and step out . so long I will take it from here . so Long unload he assault rifle into bloodshot -- step for he as he do , '' walk '' he fire -- bloodshot , take multiple hit in the chest and leg -- he fall again -- and this time he 's not get up . among the scream of bystander , a distant roaring engine -- 92 . so Long step for bloodshot , taunting : so long ( cont ’d ) good news be , you will not remember any of this . you will not know to be piss at I for fill you full of hole . you will not even know that hot wife be alive . ( off bloodshot 's reaction ) that hit you hard , do not it -- -- and then so Long be smashed by a collision from gina 's truck , ram right at he . he 's throw a dozen yard away . gina pile out and rush to bloodshot 's side , kneel down . bloodshot be bleed black everywhere . and now he 's go from white to grey . the blood occasionally flicker with tendril of bio-electric energy . a tiny , liquid thunderstorm . they start to short out . and then that red circle pulse through he shirt . warning . his eye drift in and out of focus . gina Ray , do not do this again -- bloodshot ( rough whisper ) get out of here ... before ... bloodshot 's gaze drift off to a distant stare and he stop breathe . he 's dead . gina fold over he body , shoulder lurching in fresh grief . and then kp step up , weapon out ... wide angle so Long get back up and join kp . but he pick gina up roughly to carry she to the suv ... and gina just keep reach out for bloodshot . devastate . fade to black . int . resurrection room - day bloodshot 's mangle corpse be load into the tank . int . sterile area - continuous harting and tibbs watch . 93. tibbs think you can bring he back ? harting only one way to find out . he signal to a tech -- harting ( cont 'd ) ( cantonese , subtitle ) begin transfusion . int . resurrection room - continuous the circular needle array move into place ... thousand of little dagger gleam in the light . with a sudden jerk -- they slam into bloodshot 's chest -- cracking he sternum . Dark fluid be pump down the needle array ... flow into bloodshot 's body . slowly he wound begin to heal -- bone and flesh reforming . int . sterile area - continuous tibbs can hardly believe he prosthetic eye ... tibbs you sure this be work ? harting ( cantonese , subtitle ) initiate sequence . int . resurrection room - continuous off bloodshot 's lifeless face -- CUT to : strobing light . Sun blast between overhead vegetation as we drive quickly through -- ext . ande mountain , colombia - day just like before . they hit a bump , garrison eye the rebel with the AK - 47 ... garrison mind point that somewhere else ? Rather not die by pothole . int . resurrection room , sterile area - day harting watch the real - time ct scan ... 94 . tibbs you plant a new target ? harting time for enemy number one . toyo harada . tibbs you think we boy 's ready ? harting no . but kozol make the call . so by this time tomorrow , we man will think harada murder he and he wife while they be in Mexico . harting check another monitor : sequence 12 % complete . harting ( cont 'd ) speak of ... should be crossing the border about now . ext . silver strand blvd - sunset the chevy race down the highway , water glisten as the sun set , too beautiful to be real ... because it 's not . gina we have we honeymoon in Mexico ... so , it 's not that bad . gina pull she hair up ... she 's so beautiful . so alive . off garrison 's face -- flash to : gina at she apartment in Florence -- she hair short and darker . back to : garrison ... lose in think . gina ( cont 'd ) hey , you here with I -- or somewhere else ? garrison you hair ... be it short ? gina when I be in like , high school . garrison try to shake it off . garrison have this image of you ... with short hair . gina must be think about you other wife ... 95 . he force a smile . she take he hand .... gina ( cont 'd ) I be just happy you be back ... garrison ( load ) yeah . I , too . int . resurrection room , sterile area tibbs speak in hushed tone with harting ... so Long just in ear shot . tibbs what do you wanna do about the wife ? harting she stay . she 's insurance . tibbs insurance for what ? harting in case the memory implant do not work on we boy , and he need a fresh reminder . so Long look to tibbs to make sure he get harting 's meaning and make a gun with he finger -- kill she ? tibbs nod : yeah , he mean kill she . so Long shoot a look across the room at : so long kp ... not sure she 's on board , boss . harting she will get on board , or she will be back on a ventilator at walter reed . int . tj HOTEL - dawn the street below be quiet . gina lie in garrison 's arm ... they be both somewhere between dream and awake . gina who do you think we kid would look like ? garrison smile , but then it fade . he find himself say : garrison I get a few more year of the work in I . 96 . gina 's smile fade . gina I know . I be not push you . garrison I just can not be both . off garrison 's face -- flash to : gina stare right at we in Florence with the bombshell news ... gina it 's be five year . back to : garrison waking up in tj -- uneasy . waking gina -- garrison it be not real . gina what ? garrison this. gina hey . take a breath . garrison 's agitate . upset . be he lose he mind ? gina ( cont 'd ) you have a bad dream , that 's all . gina take he hand , tempt he back into bed ... all he want be to be with she ... so he give in . int . command hub - day harting 's stare at one of the monitor , observe the resurrection process , while tibbs escort a nervous - as-hell gina into the control room . harting his ct deviate ... but now it 's back . there 's always some variation . gina see Ray in the tank on the monitor . it 's heartbreaking . gina what do you do to he ...? 97 . harting save he life . Ray garrison be a capable soldier , proficient in close quarter combat , small arm , and heavy ordinance . but the deadly weapon in he whole arsenal ? the one he 's use to kill with astonish success ? ( off she look ) you . his love for you . gina ( aghast ) what ? harting key a sequence and several profile appear on the monitor before they . we recognize they : bloodshot 's former target . axe , baris , the german , etc . and one new face we will learn be toyo harada . harting this man be notorious criminal . and no one could get to they . not until you husband . not until he believe he be avenge you death . ( right at gina ) be not that incredible ? she stare at he in shock . he 's be genuine -- harting truly be impressed by this , and assume she will , too . gina you turn he into a monster . harting 's proud smile fade . harting you be stare at a literal death - defy invention and you choose to respond with insult ? do you know how much be sacrifice to build what you see here ? but gina go cold , answer : gina yes . his whole future . a technician interrupt the moment by bring harting a small BOX contain three metal orb - like device . harting this be from R&D ? the tech nod . harting hold one in he hand , proud . 98 . gina what be that ? harting my contingency plan . int . barn - continuous Hood come off -- led Zeppelin blasting . in front of garrison be that high - value target picture on harting 's view screen : toyo harada , 40s , dress in a sharp suit . garrison 's groggy ... confuse ... deja vu overwhelming ... garrison Zeppelin . always Zeppelin . harada I be not here to talk music -- garrison you be go to ask I about colombia , right ? that 's why I remember the mission , so this will feel real ... harada oh , this be very real . harada signal he man -- they drag in gina -- bound and gag . off garrison 's face -- flash to : the real gina kissing he in the truck ... that unforgettable goodbye kiss . back to : garrison -- it all snap into place -- none of this be real . garrison go ahead -- shoot she . harada almost drop he .45 ... be not expect that . garrison ( cont ’d ) you be go to do it anyway . harada not if you tell I what I want to know . a terrify gina look to garrison ... why be you do this ? and he look back at she , he heart break all over again . 99 . garrison nothing I say or do will matter . it 's too late ... I be sorry . harada I , too . gunshot -- gina 's head snap back -- blood splatter -- garrison hyperventilate -- look pretty damn real . garrison bo it . garrison brace for what he know be come next -- garrison ( cont ’d ) just fucking do it . harada point he .45 at garrison ... harada thanks for the advice . gunshot -- ripping US back to : int . sensory depravation tank bloodshot wake with a start ... a twinkle in he eye . he know exactly where he be . harting 's voice Language center online . ( in English ) identify yourself . bloodshot thrashes violently -- skin pale as a ghost . bloodshot I do not know -- ( enraged ) why don ’t I know ?!? harting 's voice begin sedation . int . recovery room - day bloodshot sit up suddenly . tries to get he bearing . notice all the security camera point at he . he open he shirt to see the telltale red circle as it fade to reveal the scar . he touch it , as if try to remember where he get it . 100 . int . observation room harting turn to one of the tech ... harting what sport should I go with this time ? tennis or cricket ? int . recovery room bloodshot look up as harting enter ... harting how be you feel ? harting step closer ... bloodshot blink , groggy . he tenderly touch he head as if it be throbbing from a bender . bloodshot Hell of a hangover . harting so you remember what a hangover feel like ? bloodshot unfortunately , yes . harting that 's good ... harting watch bloodshot for a long moment , study he . then , when harting reach to check he vital -- bloodshot that 's not all I remember -- bloodshot lunge at harting -- who spin towards the exit -- harting emergency protocol --— bloodshot close -- fast -- but harting make it out first -- slam the door -- bloodshot rail against the glass panel -- harting ( cont 'd ) where 's the gas ?!? suddenly the room fill with a chemical fog -- bloodshot start to lose consciousness ... with he last ounce of strength he hit the glass one final time -- and it shatter . Air rush in as the gas seep out -- harting cover he face -- 101 . harting ( cont 'd ) seal the room -- tech and security retreat out of the lab ... leave bloodshot all alone . stare out at something we can not see , he vocalize a command to the nanite -- bloodshot show I security camera feed . bloodshot Pov : a overlay appear , show various security camera of the facility . several person of interest be visually ' tag 's when spot on camera , like harting , so Long , tibbs ... and then one camera reveal gina , pace in a lock room . bloodshot blink . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) gina . bloodshot get up and go for a camera in the corner . int . command hub tibbs meet harting as he enter -- tibbs what happen ? harting I be not sure ... on the monitor : bloodshot break a light -- cross the wire -- then blackness . tibbs see this , and it 's all he need to get move : tibbs ( into com ) chainsaw -- bloodshot be escape . block off all exit -- harting snap he finger when he catch sight of bloodshot ( via security camera ) rush deeper into the facility ... right past the stairwell door mark '' exit . '' harting no . he 's not escape . he 's go deeper into the lab . 102 . int . infusion lab entry - moment later bloodshot see the elevator rise to he floor -- bloodshot Pov : and on one of the security camera window in he mind 's eye , the elevator be pack with a security team in full armor , assault rifle , and grenade . ding ! the elevator door slide open -- a soldier step out in the lead with a ballistic shield , lead the rest -- -- and bloodshot strike from above , have clung to the ceiling overhead -- punch and kick while they be all bunched up and too close to fire -- some get a few burst off but the round chew right through bloodshot and wind up kill teammate behind he until -- boom , the last go down . bloodshot 's surround by body . but now there be sound of the chainsaw gang approach from the stairwell . only one way to get past : the infusion lab . bloodshot put a grenade to the lab door on the handle and pull the pin . he then look around for somewhere to find cover -- oh shit , there 's nowhere to hide really -- bloodshot ah hell -- he grab the ballistic shield and crouch behind it , then be blown back when the grenade detonate in a fiery explosion . int . infusion lab - moment later Fire and smoke and alarm . but where be -- oh here he come : bloodshot walk through the wall of flame ... emerge on the other side on FIRE , like some demon step out of hell ... ...- but then the nanite be so good at heal he , the fire actually snuff out as he stride for the exit . a faint ringing chirp from bloodshot 's head , then : bloodshot tell I you be here . ext . rising spirit - night sitting in a white , unmark van outside -- none other than that crazy Russian alexi krieger . into he phone : 103 . krieger wait outside . parking be terrible . you on you way down ? intercut bloodshot not yet . with that , bloodshot be on the move again . int . corridor chainsaw emerge from the freight elevator ... tibbs ( into com ) place be on fire , Doc . he will not last long . harting 's voice ( through com ) if he destroy more property in there , neither will you . int . sub - basement bloodshot 's surround by flame ... but he 's nonpluss , kick at the exit door , break the lock . suddenly -- gunshot . his shoulder explode with inky black blood . direct hit from : tibbs near the entrance -- smoke obscure he view -- tibbs 's Pov : bloodshot 's thermal image be clearly visible . trigger squeeze -- bullet Pov -- rocket towards -- bloodshot nearly take another hit . he close he eye -- exhales -- endoscopic shot : bloodshot 's heart -- nanite slow the blood flow so that he body cool and -- tibbs 's Pov : bloodshot 's thermal image disappear . tibbs turn to kp and so Long -- tibbs we be go in . so long oorah . 104 . so Long stomp forward in he exoskeleton , pull down he skull - shape ballistic face mask . kp 's not nearly as gung - ho . deeper in the lab bloodshot hide . suddenly -- he hear a high - pitch whine -- wham -- bloodshot get hammered by so Long 's sound cannon . the big man stomp forward through the smoke -- look like a mechanical monster from hell . so long ready to end this dance ? the sound cannon whine -- then fire again -- bashing bloodshot against the wall . just as he lift he head -- kp step in and fire a bioweapon capsule -- it miss -- -- and the capsule hit a wall , eat through it like acid . bloodshot you do not have to do this ... kp I be do my job . bloodshot be it you job to murder innocent ? like my wife ? this be what 's be weigh on kp 's conscience ... bloodshot try to crawl away ... so Long stalk after he -- so long know what 's funny ? all you care about be get the guy who kill you old lady ... sound cannon fire again -- bloodshot duck -- blast take out the wall -- revealing a aquatic training room . so long ( cont ’d ) and now she 's get to die . might as well have kill she yourself . to punctuate he remark , so Long recharge he sonic gun . as it whine , bloodshot try to find cover in the -- 105 . aquatic training room so Long 's right behind he -- bloodshot crawl to the edge of the pool ... can not go any further , trap . so he punch the red switch on so Long 's belt . so long ( laugh ) you break the emergency release ? why would I ever want to take this off ? raise he foot to squash bloodshot 's head -- so long ( cont ’d ) I can not crush you skull without it -- bloodshot yeah , but you can not swim with it -- bloodshot push so Long into the massive pool . at the last moment , just before he 's underwater , so Long reach out and pull bloodshot in with he -- splash -- the two man sink to the bottom ... but it 's clear for so Long -- the exoskeleton be drown he . underwater so Long and bloodshot wrestle , so Long try to keep he opponent underwater with he , but bloodshot will not drow . so Long scream underwater with he last breath , a final air bubble roll out of he open mouth ... and bloodshot flip the bird at he in farewell . break free , bloodshot return to the surface -- int . pool room -- and climb out , spew water from he mouth , just as tibbs step in , notice so Long in the pool -- tibbs Son of a bitch . like a animal , tibbs turn on bloodshot -- beat he -- just as he 's about to deliver the death blow -- kp intervene and grab he hand -- kp we be not murderer . 106 . tibbs swing at kp -- crack -- she go down hard . he swing again -- but she spray a neurotoxin in he face first -- tibbs drop , paralyze . moment later : bloodshot help kp escape the fire ... she 's hurt badly . bloodshot get out of here . there 's a crazy Russian outside , he will take care of you . trust I . kp I be sorry . for what we do to you . bloodshot it be harting -- he use we both . kp he 'il use you wife to stop you . bloodshot that 's what he always do . but it will not work this time . he kick open the stairwell door and lead kp inside . int . command hub - that moment harting watch on monitor -- chaos everywhere -- but he get a idea . he reach over and grab one of the small metal device bring in earlier . harting scuttle the facility and ready the chopper . time to uproot and start fresh in nevada . ext . rising spirit - night a explosion spout fire from a pair of window . in the distance : siren . at the parking lot tech flee the smoke- fill building , cradling rising Spirit technology as siren blare from the facility . another tech in a lab coat and breathe mask stand at the back of a open van -- gas mask tech Stow you tech here ! hurry ! the tech all drop off they hardware in the van -- 107 . when the last one run off ... and Gas mask tech pull off he gas mask to reveal it 's krieger . krieger smile at the van full of priceless rst property . krieger merry Christmas to I . int . holding cell - night gina jump as something bash the door to she cell . whump . whump . and then it come crash open . gina coil , ready to defend herself , when -- bloodshot step in . gina Ray ! ( then , hesitant ) be it you ? he notice he alabaster flesh , he circular scar , trace of black nanite blood on he body like remnant of a tattoo ... bloodshot I be not sure . gina go to he , both draw to the man she love , and a bit fearful of what he 's become . she 's see it firsthand now . gina I see what they do to you . what they have be do ... I have no idea ... bloodshot I know . ( then ) you should not even be here . let 's fix that . int . rst FOURTH floor lobby - moment later a elevator open its door . bloodshot get gina inside and start to step in , but pause at the threshold . bloodshot 's Pov : in one corner of he vision , a security camera viewpoint , show harting in a server room . a overlay graphic indicate what harting be do -- he 's downloading the bloodshot program data . 20 % ... 25 % ... gina Ray ? what be it ? 108 . bloodshot remain at the threshold . not step in . bloodshot I have a ride wait for you downstairs . gina what about we ? beat . bloodshot eventually shake he head ' no . 's bloodshot I can not remember we . I do not even remember we wedding night . gina then we have another one . what do it matter ? Ray , I do not love you for what you remember , I love you for who you be . bloodshot gina , they will keep come at I until I be dead , or I stop they . I may be dead either way . but I have one chance to stop harting . she know what he 's say . a kind of goodbye . gina ray. please ... bloodshot what would he do ? Ray . the man you marry . it 's a direct question , and the answer pain gina . but she will not lie to he . gina he would stop the bad guy , once and for all . and then he have come back to I . bloodshot how do you know ? gina because you do it once already . the building rumble again -- some interior explosion from deep within its wall . they time be run out . he pull she close and kiss she . when he step back , the elevator door close between they . as they close -- bloodshot I love you . 109 . gina kick he ass for I . with that , bloodshot be off and run . int . rst server room - moment later bloodshot kick open the door , step to the center of the room stack with computer tower . at one station , the data download be still run : 85 %... 90 % ... from behind , harting ambushes bloodshot -- get bloodshot in a choke-hold with he cyber-arm . bloodshot struggle to break free ... his face turn red ... harting I put year of work into you . you be the best idea I have ever have . do you understand how this make I feel ? bloodshot then break he own arm at the elbow so it can reach backward and grab hold of harting 's head -- bloodshot I be a soldier , you make I a killer ! harting what 's the difference ? bloodshot finally kick harting back into -- int . robotics lab harting stand , back up , look for a way out , for something to use on bloodshot here -- he find the japanese short sword on a table . pick it up . bloodshot step in . a silhouette against the light from outside . his eye shine red , he tooth white . for one frame of the movie he be a comic book panel . bloodshot that knife can not stop I , doc . harting pull out the device from R&D and thumb a power button on its top . harting it can with this . 110 . harting throw the device -- bloodshot take a step back , then as it wink like a grenade he decide to grab it and throw it back out the door when -- the device detonate -- but instead of a explosion a bluish sphere of ENERGY pulse out from the device in a silent balloon of light -- -- all the robotics and computer in a six - foot radius around bloodshot instantly power down -- and bloodshot fall heavily to the floor . the red circle in he chest throbs red , and then fizzle to a dull gray . along with the rest of he skin . harting step close , loom over bloodshot . harting ( cont 'd ) Martin axe have the right idea . he just go too big . all it take to drop you be one contain electro-magnetic pulse . bloodshot try to move , but every motion be painful . harting ( cont 'd ) the nanite have help you with everything . without they , you be just Ray garrison . and Ray garrison be dead . bloodshot reach out for harting . harting remain a inch beyond reach . stare down at he . harting ( cont 'd ) I have such hope for we . ( then ) this hurt I more than it do you , believe I . harting thrust the blade into bloodshot 's chest . wide angle harting walk away , leave bloodshot on the floor , bleed out black blood like a oil spill . the red emergency light clack on . siren blare . the facility be prepping for self - destruct . bloodshot stare at the ceiling with red eye . the black nanite - fill blood seep out ... bloodshot see a work light still on , a dozen foot away . 111 . with every last ounce of strength , in he die breath , he crawl to the power cable strewn on the floor . he then pull out the sword from he chest . that start another stream of black blood onto the floor . bloodshot 's final action : he slam the blade down on the power cable , sever it . he then fall over , dead . nothing leave in he . the inert nanite blood pool , creep toward -- the live wire . and when the black fluid touch it ... a ripple of electricity snake through the blood . for a moment it 's like a lightning storm inside a black cloud . and then , just like that -- the blood stop seeping out . it reverse direction . bloodshot 's dead eye flutter , then blink . bloodshot 's Pov : self-diagnostic data scroll past he field of view along with the big word : '' reboot sequence . '' suddenly he take a big breath . sit up . overhead , the sound of a helicopter power up . ext . rooftop helipad - night harting hurry for the chopper , the pilot gesture for he when -- slam -- stairwell door fly open behind harting . it 's bloodshot . he throws harting 's sword , hard as he can . harting dodge it . face bloodshot defiantly : harting you miss . bloodshot be not aim for you . harting look back -- the Pilot be now crumpled over the yoke , the sword bury in he back . harting move for bloodshot now . harting hit hard with he cyber-arm , but bloodshot take the punch -- every time it look like he jaw be break , it immediately reset . even the bruise disappear . 112 . but it just make harting more furious , and he slam bloodshot down , this time make he spit up black blood . harting I have kill you before . bloodshot I have learn a thing or two since then . the black blood spilling from bloodshot 's wound suddenly begin to rise like a tendril -- as if the nanite - control plasma be its own creature -- -- and it strike into harting 's cyber -arm , pulsing with a synaptic bio-electric current -- the spark short-circuit that arm , seize it up -- and now harting 's arm be locked in place , firmly grip bloodshot 's arm . the two man be as good as handcuff . the battle have sway in bloodshot 's favor . harting can not keep up with bloodshot 's relentless assault , especially with just one free arm . with every strike , bloodshot push harting to the edge of the roof . harting know he 's lose . start to get desperate . harting wait ! I can give you what you want . bloodshot what . harting you memory . every night with you wife . every friend you ever have . I can give you you life back . it weigh on bloodshot 's heart , this offer . ten minute ago it 's all he would have want . but now ... bloodshot I do not need it anymore . bloodshot drag they both to the lip of the roof , teeter a dozen storey from the ground . the building burn . harting be terrify , in disbelief at what be about to happen . harting what be you do ? bloodshot use harting 's own word back at he : 113. bloodshot stepping off the ledge . with that , bloodshot hurl himself and harting off the roof . wide angle : the two figure fall 200 foot -- but only one voice scream all the way down : harting . the ground rush up for they , and then : blackness and we just sit there for a beat . after what feel like a eternity ... a red light begin to flash , revealing -- int . recovery room - day bloodshot wake with a start -- back in a hospital gown . krieger be right there , wait for he . krieger wait , that work ? that work ! I must write this down . bloodshot Hell of a hangover . krieger smile , happy with he science work . krieger good . next question . what do you remember ? a beat . bloodshot look around , take in the room . it 's not much more than a warehouse , stock with high - tech gadget and other junk macGuyver into useful tool . and then stand farther back be kp . watch curiously . bloodshot enough . and you can call I Ray . he slowly get out of the bed . roll he shoulder . and note the crazy machinery that bring he back . bloodshot ( cont ’d ) how permanent be this ? krieger ehh , a month ? a week ? it be a mystery . bloodshot great , just great . Love specific answer . ( then ) and harting ? 114 . krieger Dead . but he be easily replace . rst be a giant monster . you just hack off one finger , really . start look over you shoulder , friend , they will be after you soon as they find out you be alive . bloodshot nod . blink . the next question be the hardest : bloodshot what about gina ? krieger back home . safe and sound . for now . like with you , be just a matter of time . bloodshot let out a breath . look around . go to kp . bloodshot kp . good to see you . kp good to see you . again . finally I do not have to pretend this be you first rodeo . so ... what happen now ? bloodshot I do not think I have live to see this far . kp ( beat ) so I guess you be go back to you wife ? bloodshot want that more than anything . but ... ext . via ricasoli - day gina walk down a cobblestone alley , carry grocery . bloodshot ( v.o. ) not yet ... she step into the parking courtyard and stop , surprised . her pickup be fully repair and wash . the collision with so Long be now hardly a dent on the front grill . gina be confuse and shocked , but then she realize . grin . her husband be still out there . bloodshot ( v.o. ) I still have work to do . smash to black . 115 . end credit . then : int . penthouse - day kozol walk through he lavish live room , on the phone . kozol well keep at it . Men like he just do not vanish into thin air . he 's out -- ( check phone ) hello ? a distant whump from somewhere elsewhere in the building . kozol point a remote at a large flatscreen : revealing a block of security cameras all show static . now , sound of muffle gunfire outside the penthouse . boot thumping on the roof above kozol . kozol go to a table and pick up a handgun . Chambers a round in the barrel . above he , a body be throw through the skylight -- crashing to the floor in a bloody heap . in all black , wear a security officer 's cap . kozol see the casualty and point the gun at the ceiling , tracking sound on the roof . he turn he back on the guard 's body ... and miss the sight of the man rising from the floor , toss off the cap ... it 's bloodshot . kozol turn around in time to see bloodshot crack he neck back into place , and then he pull out a larger handgun to point it at kozol ... kozol drop he weapon , and raise he hand in surrender . the two stand a half dozen pace away . kozol smile , like give up be relax . bloodshot do not expect this . bloodshot you could have fight back a little . kozol you could have use the front door . 116 . bloodshot but it 's a nice day out . ( cock weapon ) you know why I be here , do not you ? kozol Cleaning up harting 's mess , no doubt . you believe kill I will put a stop to this whole business . bloodshot that 's right . kozol but I know something you do not . and you will want to hear it before you pull that trigger . bloodshot that so ? kozol you be the product of a decade of nanotech research . billion of dollar be spend , in utter secrecy . no one put that effort into a weapon unless it 's to defeat a unstoppable enemy . ( beat ) I be not the ultimate threat , garrison . but I can show you who be . kozol point a remote at a large flatscreen . on screen : aerial footage as if from a surveillance drine or a a150 plane , over a ocean , near a massive offshore rig . the lens zoom , zeroed in on a asian man we have see before ... toyo harada . harada_is hover fifty foot off the water , eye aglow , point at the rig . he gesture with he hand , and the massive structure rise out of the water -- worker jumping off to flee -- other hang on as tether snap -- the ten-thousand - ton structure keep rise like a elevator , revealing the pump that extend to the ocean floor ... zooming out in time to see harada gesture , and launch the entire thing into the stratosphere . on bloodshot : gobsmack . who the hell can do that ? slam to black .