blood work screenplay by Brian helgeland base on the novel by Michael connelly first revision March 9 , 1998 blood work ext . crime scene ( silverlake ) - night a media and spectator circus . two cocky lapd detective , arrango and walter , watch as FBI profiler terry mccaleb stride past the police barricade . wearing a blue FBI jacket , the hoary veteran ignore question shout out by the press . the word " code killer " feature prominently . arrango ( disparage ) mccaleb ... whatever happen , it 's he face on the front page . as mccaleb reach arrango : mccaleb what do you get ? arrango Fucking hemorrhoid . what be you gonna do about it ? arrango 's itching for trouble . Walters be a cooler head . walter victim five and six . the code killer strike again . int . tenement - entry hallway - night a dingy , dark place . Police work light can not quite cut the gloom . mccaleb stop at the door with Walters and arrango . the door be half off its hinge . walter neighbor come over to complain about the noise . get run over at the door . do not see a thing . arrango we be call he Chuck Taylor . mccaleb how 's that ? arrango point out a series of bloody sneaker print on the floor . headed for the door and away down the hall . arrango converse hi-top . Chuck Taylor . get it ? a look and mccaleb continue in past they . int . live room - night not for the faint of heart . there be several darken form on the floor . heavy , black plastic bag . a investigative team work . walter we get the remain of two , maybe even three people . arrango give new meaning to the term gang bang . gruff , desensitize laugh from the cop . Walters motion mccaleb to a wall . there , write in blood : mccaleb , catch I if you can . 903 472 568 . arrango wink at he partner , then , to mccaleb : arrango another love note . the two of you should get a room some place . as mccaleb stare grimly ... ext . crime scene ( downtown ) - night mccaleb exit . the crowd have double . a news crew burst past the barricade . Police rush to block they , but to no avail . they nearly ring mccaleb . reporter be another message leave for you , agent mccaleb !? -- why do you think the killer have pick you ?! -- what do the number mean ?! mccaleb scan the sea of humanity before he . not exactly its best face . with a sigh , mccaleb start to make he way through , then stop short . ahead : face in crowd see for a instant . wearing a hood sweatshirt and low-billed cap . stare at mccaleb , a odd look in he eye . back to scene 6 a beat before mccaleb look downward . through a thicket of leg , we spot he foot . cover they be bloody converse hi-top . Chuck Taylor . mccaleb look over , but the cop seem suddenly so far away . hi- top begin to drift back . mccaleb ( toward cop ) hey ... hey ! over here ! hi- top turn and go , suddenly swallow up by the crowd . mccaleb ( to no avail ) he 's over here ! no one listen . the Reporters continue to fire question . hi- top be get away . mccaleb fight he way through , charge down the street after he . STREET 7 running now , he face unclear as high - top look back over he shoulder , see that mccaleb be chase he . narrow alley 8 hi-top cut down . mccaleb close . at the end of the alley , a eight foot redwood fence . hi- top jump , catch hold . as he pull himself up , mccaleb hit the fence right behind he . the fence collapse . the two man sprawl to the ground . hi- top get up , scoot away . mccaleb roll to he foot ; the chase be back on . back yard 9 one after the next . fence be scale , kick through . and mccaleb close . all we hear be the footfalls , the ragged breaths of the two man . then ... a heartbeat . mccaleb reach for hi-top 's shoulder , inch away now . a chain link fence loom ahead . hi- top leap onto it , catch hold . as he pull himself up , mccaleb be right behind . he catch hold of one of hi-top 's leg . ( continued ) 10 11 12 continued : 9 hi- top grip the top of the fence , rear back with he free leg and kick mccaleb in the face . mccaleb drop . hi-top be up and over , drop to the other side . a alley behind some business . mccaleb get to he foot , one of hi-top 's bloody sneaker in he hand . he start to climb the fence . the heartbeat intensifies . mccaleb pause at the top of the fence , slide back down the way he come . he clutches at he leave arm , a look of surprise on he face . the heartbeat eclipse all else . mccaleb be have a heart attack . he grip the fence to keep from fall . chain link 10 suddenly , through the pain , mccaleb be aware of a form in the gloom . we do not see he face , but , fascinate , hi-top have come back to watch . mccaleb reach into he jacket , seemingly for he chest . but when he hand come back out , he 's hold he .38 service revolver . blink against near blind pain , he aim through the fence . hi- top run for the dark as round after round explode . the fourth send he sprawling . the fifth and sixth sail wide as hi-top stand and stagger into blackness . mccaleb 121 suddenly illuminate by a spotlight . the revolver slip from he hand as the pain overwhelm he . bleached white , he fall back into the dirt , he eye wide . as he stare up at a silent , hover lapd helicopter , he mouth word we cannot understand . and as the heartbeat become a electronic blip ... dissolve to : monitor screen 12 a grainy silver and black image of a heart : undulate and ghostly . the snake line of a scope move toward it . superimpose : two year later woman ( v.o. ) almost there . 13 int . cedar -sinai hospital - examination room - day 13 on a gurney , he oddly - angle head in a brace , mccaleb close he eye as the line enter he heart . the voice belong to dr . bonnie fox , the cardiologist who guide the line through a incision in mccaleb 's neck . dr . fox come out , Terry . you do good . removing the scope , she tape a gauze compress to he neck . as she unstrap the brace , mccaleb rub he neck . he look less than formidable in he hospital johnny . dr . fox be take you pill every day ? mccaleb all thirty - four of they . dr . fox no fever at all ? mccaleb no , I be clean . dr . fox and no diarrhea ? mccaleb I be clean of that , too . dr . fox good . blood pressure and pulse ? mccaleb right on target . dr . fox and the boat ? you be not work too hard on it ? mccaleb I be keep it afloat . that 's all . dr . fox good . I x11 see you ina bit . I want to check the blood work and get the tissue over to the lab . as Dr. Fox head out . CUT to : 14 15 int . cedar - hallway - cardiology unit - day 14 a orderly wheel mccaleb 's gurney down the hall . as they pass one room , mccaleb look over . a young boy be on the bed , he body tie by tube to a heart lung machine . a man in a suit , he father , sit at the foot of the bed . as he eye drift out into the hall at mccaleb ... mccaleb look away . dissolve to : int . hospital room - on issue of boat restoration 15 magazine mccaleb read it in he hospital room . he look up as Dr. Fox come through the door , hold a lab report . dr . fox do not start run lap yet , but I be very pleased . no rejection , all the level look good . I might lower you prednisone in another week . mccaleb good . I be tired of shave three time a day . Dr. Fox smile , warm a stethoscope with she breath . dr . fox lean forward please . he lean forward . she pull down he johnny , listen to he heart through he back . mccaleb can I ask you something ? dr . fox do not talk . ( a beat ) sit up . she listen through he chest . for the first time we see it , the thirteen -inch white scar run over he heart like a rope . mccaleb half - grimace at nothing in particular . finally , she 's do . dr . fox good . what do you want to ask I ? ( continued ) 15 continued : 15 mccaleb that boy in room 604 . what 's he blood type ? Dr. Fox study he a beat . dr . fox it 's different than yours if that 's what you want to know . mccaleb how long have he be wait ? dr . fox about half as long as you do . mccaleb what be he chance ? dr . fox maybe fifty - fifty . maybe less . what 's bother you , Terry ? mccaleb ( after a beat ) when I be with the bureau we have to qualify on the range every year . you know , shoot target . Circle around the heart score more than the head . it 's call the ten ring . highest score . Dr. Fox smile sympathetically . familiar ground to she . dr . fox typical . you hang around almost two year wait for a heart , draw you string out and nearly do not make it and now you wonder if we should have give it to you . you know what that be ? mccaleb bullshit ? dr . fox exactly . go home and enjoy you boat . I x11 see you next week . CUT to : 16 ext . cabrillo marina ( san pedro ) - day 16 mccaleb walk across the main dock . he pass a forty - two - foot Hunter sailboat call the double - down . buddy noone play harmonica in the cockpit . he wear a bathrobe , he hair stand up on one side . a aging surfer , low maintenance live aboard . buddy Morning , Terry . mccaleb it 's two in the afternoon , buddy . buddy whatever . hey , head up , man . mccaleb what ? buddy ( gesture ) somebody 's on you boat . two boat down . the follow Sea . a woman stand by the slide door lead to the boat 's salon . mccaleb frown . buddy be here ten minute . look harmless , I do not say anything . mccaleb ( start forward ) thanks , buddy . 17 the following sea 17 the woman -- graciella river -- stare out across the water . she do not see mccaleb till he 's step down aboard . mccaleb can I help you ? she turn , a little startle . graciella I be look for terrel mccaleb . mccaleb you find he . ( continued ) 17 continued : 17 graciella I read about you in the paper , Mr. mccaleb . ' the where be they now ? 's column . you know , in the Metro section ? mccaleb look , before you start you story , I have to tell you , you be not the first person to come out here and find I . ( off no answer ; she look sad ) I can recommend a good , private investigator . someone who ’1ll work hard and will not rip you off . graciella the article say you be good . it say you hate it whenever somebody get away . mccaleb if you read the article , then you also know what happen to I . I be retire , miss Rivers . graciella graciella . I think you could help I . maybe help yourself , too . mccaleb I do not need the money . graciella I be not talk about money . something weird about how she say it . graciella reach into she purse , hand mccaleb a photo : a smile woman watch a boy blow out seven candle on a birthday cake . the woman look quite a bit like graciella . he look at it , look back at she . mccaleb you sister ? graciella yes . and she son . mccaleb which one ? ( continued ) 10 . 17 continued : 17 graciella Excuse I ? mccaleb which one be dead ? graciella my sister . gloria torres . glory . her son 's name be Raymond . mccaleb hold the photo out , sigh . mccaleb look , miss Rivers , I just can not do this . I be sorry . she make no move to take the photo . graciella look at it again . please . just one more time and then I 'il leave you alone . tell I if you feel anything ? mccaleb ( irritate ) I be a f.b.i. agent , not a psychic . now do you want this photo back or not ? graciella I have a double . you know , two for the price of one . you 'il want to keep that one . mccaleb why would I want to do that ? graciella reach out she hand . past the photo mccaleb still hold out . she place the palm of she hand on he chest , run it slowly down the front of he shirt , she finger trace the scar beneath . graciella you heart . it be my sister 's . ( a beat ) my phone number 's on the back if you change you mind . with that , graciella step up to the dock and start away . speechless , mccaleb watch she go , then turn over the photo . a number be scrawle on back . CUT to : 18 19 20 21 22 11 . glass thermometer 18 the mercury rise , stop at 98.6 degree . int . the following sea - forward head - night 19 mccaleb take the thermometer out of he mouth , read it . he pick up a clipboard with a temperature chart . ina column he add another in a series of dash . no change . look at the mirror , he study he eye , then pull off he shirt . time to look at the scar . it 's a ritual . CUT to : int . the following sea - salon - night 20 mccaleb sit at the desk , turn on a light . hanging from the light , a lucite block which hold he FBI badge . tack on the corkboard beyond that , a laminate newspaper line - up of code killer victim . under they : 903 472 568 . mccaleb frown at it and turn away . CUT to : int . the following sea - cabin - night 21 mccaleb lie in he bunk stare up at the ceiling . unable to sleep . finally , he retrieve he watch from a slot on the wall . the glow - in- the-dark hand read 3:29 am . ext . dock - phone booth - night 22 a full moon shine down on the all but desert sight . mccaleb dial the number on the back of the photo . mccaleb miss Rivers , it 's Terry mccaleb . I know it 's late , but -- ( a beat ) I be go to go see the police tomorrow and ask about this . ( another beat ) do not thank I . I do not want you to get you hope up . I be just go to take a look . I owe you sister that much . now ... he take a note pad and pencil from he pocket . ( continued ) 12 . 22 continued : 22 mccaleb before I start , I 'il need some information . CUT to : 23 ext . lapd west valley division ( reseda ) - day 23 a cab pull up out front and mccaleb get out , a box of doughnut in hand . as he head for the entrance ... 24 int . detective bureau - day 24 mccaleb step to a counter . a young detective step over . young detective can I help you ? mccaleb be detective arrango or Walters in homicide ? young detective you name ? mccaleb mccaleb . tell they it 's about the gloria torres case . the young detective punch three digit into a phone , whisper something as he look mccaleb over . he hang up . young detective down the hall . first door on you right . 25 int . homicide bullpen - day 25 mccaleb have only go a few step when a solidly build man in a white shirt and tie step in front of he . gun in a shoulder harness . detective arrango from a few year ago . arrango Mr. mccaleb . mccaleb detective arrango . ( continued ) 25 26 13 . continued : 25 mccaleb make a point of shaking he hand . arrango I think you have die , or at least retire . my guy up front say you be here about glory torres . mccaleb that 's right . be there a place where we can talk ? arrango talk about what ? mccaleb I be look into she death . arrango oh shit , here we go . irritate , arrango turn , snap he finger to get the attention of he partner Walters who 's on the phone . as Walters motion he ’1ll be a minute ... arrango you get five minute before I toss you outta here . int . interview room - day 26 arrango lead the way in , close the door behind mccaleb . arrango have a seat . my partner will be here in a minute . mccaleb ( sit down ) want a doughnut ? arrango ( also sit ) keep you doughnut . it 's the sister , be not it ? you be work for the goddamn sister . let I see you ticket . mccaleb I do not have a license , if that 's what you mean . arrango glare at he a beat . ( continued ) 26 continued : arrango Jesus , it 's stuffy in here . arrango get up , adjust a thermostat on the wall and go back for he seat . as he do , mccaleb glance up at a air duct grill over the door . arrango you say you be conduct a investigation into the gloria torres homicide , be that correct ? mccaleb ( sigh ) yes , that 's right . arrango and you have no license in the state of California to operate as a private investigator , true ? mccaleb true . Walters enter . without look , arrango signal he not to interrupt . Walters lean against the wall . arrango do you understand , Mr. mccaleb , that it be a crime in this state to operate as a private investigator without a license ? mccaleb can we skip the bullshit and turn off the tape and camera and just talk a minute ? besides , Walters be lean against the microphone . you be not pick anything up . arrango turn as Walters jump away from the wall . walter why do not you tell I ? arrango shuddup ! mccaleb have a doughnut , guy . I be here to help . arrango how do you know graciella Rivers ? ( continued ) 26 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 mccaleb she 's a acquaintance . she ask I to look into this . mccaleb open the box of doughnut . Walters look to arrango , whose face be stone . mccaleb well , I be go to have one . mccaleb take out a cinnamon . after a beat , Walters grab a glaze . finally , against he better judgment , arrango take a powder . they each chew a moment . arrango I do not know what the sister tell you , Mr. former - f.b.i. - profiler , but this be not Charlie Manson or Ted fuck Bundy . it 's a convenience store robbery . some mope with a mask and a gun and the right ratio of ball to brain . that 's all . mccaleb I know , but I tell she I have check it out . it 's be two month . I think maybe you guy would not mind a fresh set of eye . Walters look at arrango , shrug a why not . mccaleb I be not here to show you up . anything I come up with , you 'il be the first to know . arrango what do you want ? mccaleb copy I the murder book and the video walk - through on the crime scene . I be always good with crime scene . Walters and arrango exchange another look . then ... arrango I do not think so , man . mccaleb let I ask you something , do the sister call you much ? ( continued ) 26 27 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 26 arrango all the time . week in and week out I tell she the same thing . no suspect , no lead . mccaleb this could get she off you case . if I see what you get and say you boy do you best , she might back off . arrango smile at the think of that . arrango you say you be good with crime scene ? mccaleb yeah , if you make a tape ... arrango wink at Walters , then look back at mccaleb . arrango we get better than a crime scene tape . we get the crime . ( stand ) come on . bring that doughnut with you . int . lieutenant 's office - television screen - day 27 the screen flicker on . a black and white surveillance camera view of the counter of a convenience store . a date and time line run across the bottom of the screen . the frame be empty a few second until the counterman lean in over the register . he break open a roll of quarter . walter that 's kyungwon kang , the owner . arrango he 's spend he last few second on the planet here . as he close the register , a woman step up . easily recognizable from the photo -- gloria torres . glory . she smile as she set a hershey bar down on the counter . arrango come in to buy a fuck candy bar . you believe that ? ( continued ) 27 17 . continued : 27 mccaleb ( softly ) for she son ... as gloria hand a dollar bill over , a man in a black ski mask and black jumpsuit move up behind gloria . she 's still smile as ski mask put he right hand on she right shoulder and in one continuous move bring the muzzle of a handgun up to she leave temple . without hesitation , he pull the trigger . arrango badda-b ! mccaleb grimace as bloody mist jettison from the wound . ski mask hold she up as a shield , then raise he leave hand to FIRE a round into Mr. kang . kang vainly grapples for a hold on the counter like a man go over a cliff . ski mask lower gloria 's body to the floor . her head drop out of sight . ski mask step up as Mr. kang pull a revolver from under some papers bag . ski mask shoot he in the face . ski mask scoops the cash from the register , then pick up something off Mr. kang 's arm . he then reach for something on the floor . walter he pick up all the shell . ski mask look directly at the camera and say something . mccaleb no sound on the camera , right ? walter right . whatever he say there , he say to himself . ski mask then make one last pass on he way out . arrango you be not gonna see that on ' America 's favorite Home video . 's mccaleb ( ignore comment ) can I see it again ? slow down ? ( continued ) 18 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 arrango it 's not over yet . mccaleb what ? arrango the good samaritan come in now . on screen , a dark -haire , dark - complect man in jeans and a T-shirt enter . he hesitates , look down at gloria , then over the counter at Mr. kang . he kneel over gloria 's body . almost immediately , he 's up and away . arrango he go down the aisle look for bandage . he actually wrap she head with tape and paper towel . the good samaritan be back do just that . arrango camera never get a good look at he . after he finish , he go outside , call 9 - 1 - 1 and split . walter Voice on the tape be latino . we figure the guy be illegal . afraid to stick around . mccaleb too bad . he be there so soon , he probably see the shooter 's car , maybe the shooter . walter we put out flyer , go on Channel 34 . nothing . mccaleb ( be : tv ) May I ? arrango shrug , annoyed . mccaleb rewind , start the tape again . this time in slow motion . as the gun get press up against gloria torres 's head , he freeze it . the smile have only half - leave she . ( continued ) 27 19 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 arrango smirk as mccaleb scribbles the time : 22:41:39 . mccaleb hesitates before resume play . arrango pause button 's not gonna help she now . mccaleb hit it . gloria die . the tape play through ski mask say something into the camera . mccaleb he wink . walter what ? mccaleb rewind , play it slower . as ski mask say he line , he definitely wink . mccaleb freeze it again as the good samaritan walk in . he note the new time line : 22:42:55 . as the tape finish , mccaleb be visibly affect . arrango okay , Mr. f.b.i. man , tell we something we do not know . mccaleb stare over at arrango , harden up . mccaleb the shooter 's be in the store before . he know where the camera be . so he 's either from the neighborhood or he case the place . plus this be not the first time . no hesitation , no panic , he pick up the brass . this guy 's do it before . arrango and Walters exchange a look . Walters start to say something , but arrango hold up a hand to silence he . mccaleb what ? neither man answer . mccaleb how many other ? neither man answer again . ( continued ) 27 28 29 20 . continued : ( 4 ) 27 mccaleb can I see the murder book ? arrango let we talk to the lieutenant and we will get back to you . arrango and Walters both stand . meeting over . mccaleb when ? arrango give I a number . we 'il be in touch . that 's all he 's get . take out a pen , mccaleb write a number on the top of the doughnut box . he shove it in arrango 's hand , give Walters a nasty look , then start out with arrango call after he . arrango hey , we do not need you shit , mccaleb , we get a whole plateful of we own ! CUT to : ext . sherman market ( canoga park ) - day 28 a cab pull up and as mccaleb get out ... mccaleb wait here . mccaleb study the storefront a beat . there 's a pay phone right out front . a deep breath and he start in . int . sherman market - day 29 mccaleb enter , smile over at the elderly asian woman behind the counter . the counter where Mr. kang die . she do not smile back . mccaleb go to the display rack full of candy and pick out a hershey bar . he step to the counter , set it down . as the asian woman ring it up , mccaleb look up at the surveillance camera . he then hand the woman a dollar . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 21 . continued : 29 mccaleb be you Mrs. kang ? asian woman yes . I know you ? mccaleb no , it 's just ... I hear what happen here . to you husband . I be sorry . asian woman yes , thank you . ( a beat ) the only way to keep evil out be to not unlock door . we can not do that . we must have business . mccaleb nod that he understand . as she hand he he change , he look one more time at the surveillance camera , then once behind he . play the crime over in he head . as he exit , he nod to Mrs. kang . mccaleb thank you . ext . sherman market - day 30 mccaleb step to the pay phone . this be where the good samaritan stand . mccaleb reach out , pretend to dial 9 - 1 - 1 . a beat , then he scan the street . mccaleb 's Pov - STREET 31 a wide , busy four-lane boulevard . across the street -- a strip mall parking lot . a man sit in a car . he lift a newspaper almost the instant mccaleb notice he . mccaleb 32 not alarmed . in fact , he 's about to dismiss it , when ... cabbie hey ! you gonna pay I or should I drive you somewhere else ? mccaleb stride over to the cab , get in . ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 22 . continued : 32 mccaleb the nearest public library . the cabbie think a beat , then start to pull away . mccaleb look across the street . the car be go . CUT to : int . library - computer screen - day 33 mccaleb be in the research section . on screen , he call up the L.A. Times , access the search function . when it ask for key word , mccaleb type : " robbery , ski mask , shoot . " he hit enter and wait . as the computer work , mccaleb dump a handful of pill into the palm of he hand . as he chase they down with a bottle of water , the computer flash a new screen . two match to the key word . mccaleb hit " print . " CUT to : ext . sheriff department ( whittier ) - day 34 the cab pull up again . int . detective winston 's office ( homicide ) - day 35 the door open . a deputy show mccaleb in . deputy detective Winston say to wait here . she ’1ll be right with you . the deputy leave mccaleb alone . mccaleb step over to a wall of citation and a smatter of press clipping . one be from a police magazine : it show both mccaleb and det. jaye Winston receive citation for a arrest of " the Cemetery man . " the door open and jaye enter , look happy to see he . jaye how 's it go , Terry ? I hear you get a new ticker . ( continued ) 35 continued : 23 . 35 mccaleb ( as they shake hand ) yeah , and I be do okay . you ? jaye same old same old . what 's up ? you on a private ticket now ? mccaleb no , just do a favor for a friend . jaye what case be it ? mccaleb pull the LA Times library printout from he bag . mccaleb James cordell . a.t.m. holdup on January twenty - two . newspaper say he be shot by a guy wear a ski mask . jaye who 's the friend you be do the favor for ? mccaleb graciella Rivers . her sister be shot in a convenience store holdup two week ago . guy with a ski mask . a odd beat . mccaleb so do I get it right ? be they connect ? jaye same guy , Terry . out of you orbit , though . just a scumbag with a gun . Three - strike shit , that 's all . mccaleb what do you mean ? jaye you know , guy with two felony conviction . a third put they away for life . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 36 37 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 jaye ( cont ’d ) so instead of leave witness , they kill ‘em . robbery , murder , it 's the same sentence either way . mccaleb I see the boy in l.a . they show I the tape , but would not copy I the book . I bet they copy you . ( a beat ) you owe I one , jaye . jaye do not you think I know that ? CUT to : black and white video image 36 James cordell , 35 , as see by a ATM camera . he slide he card into the cash machine . he hesitates , look back over he right shoulder , tracking something behind he . jaye ( 0.s. ) shooter 's back there , but I be betting the mask be not on yet . otherwise cordell would have run . cordell turn back to the machine , wait . suddenly , the gun come into frame , just kissing cordell 's leave temple . jaye freeze-frames . angle 37 jaye heckler and koch nine milli . same model as the Valley tape . she hit play and James cordell 's brain be blow out . he fall away to reveal the same shooter . ski mask and black jumpsuit aside , it 's he . as he reach for the cash in the slot , he mouth something . mccaleb freeze it . mccaleb he say something in the Valley tape , also . jaye ( shrug ) guy 's a chatterbox . ( continued ) 25 . 37 continued : 37 mccaleb have you bring in a lip reader ? jaye look at he for a beat , feel foolish that she have not . jaye I x11 get on it . mccaleb he take the money from the machine not the victim . jaye so ? mccaleb he take it from the bank . make it a federal offense . jaye shrug , hit play . ski mask pick up the shell case and go . jaye fast forward . after a minute , she hit play . a man , James lockridge , step up , crouch by cordell 's body . lockridge be stocky , bald across the top . jaye James lockridge . he pull into the bank parking lot . almost get sideswipe by a sedan roaring out . Said it be a white guy , but could not give we anything else . he call for a ambulance . cordell die on the way to the hospital . mccaleb you get any lead at all ? jaye be follow the three -strike thing . look up local stick - up man with two or more fall under they belt . I think the man in the ski mask be one of they . use to be a robber , now he 's a robbing murderer . mccaleb what about the gun ? heckler and koch . expensive for a holdup man and weird that he have hang onto it after the first kill . ( continued ) 37 38 continued : ( 2 ) jaye I figure he steal it , but that do not lead anywhere . I hate to say it , mccaleb , but I think we be go to need fresh blood to solve this one . mccaleb can you copy the murder book , jaye ? your and L.A. 's ? jaye i’1l ask the captain , but I do not see why not . he be the lieutenant on the Cemetery man case . mccaleb glad someone get promote . CUT to : int . valley compute - day jame lockeridge sit at he cubicle type into a 26 . 37 38 computer . a bit of a nerd , he look up as the office manager lead mccaleb over . mccaleb ( extend hand ) Mr. lockeridge , I be Terry mccaleb . thanks for see I . lockridge look from the hand to mccaleb . lockridge be you a policeman ? mccaleb f.b.i. retired . I be investigate a related case for another victim 's family . lockridge good . Police be stupid . mccaleb why do you say that ? lockridge do not they tell you ? mccaleb look at he , shrug . ( continued ) 38 39 continued : 27 . 38 lockridge why would they ? when I find the guy shot , I call 9 - 1 - 1 . they get the address transpose and they send the ambulance to the wrong place . it take twenty minute . guy be breathe the whole time . he might have make it if they have not fuck up . mccaleb this thing happen , I guess . lockridge no . they fuck up and the guy die . I be real busy . I agree to see you because you be already here . what do you want ? mccaleb I read you statement , but I have like to hear from you what happen . lockridge I need cash . as I pull into the lot , a guy drive out almost hit I . it be dark . all I see be it be a car . no plate , no face , nothing . I walk up to the a.t.m. and there 's a guy bleed . he must have get it right before I get there . I call 9 - 1 - 1 and ten minute later , they go drive past we . past we . mccaleb do you notice anything at all , detail - wise ? lockridge yeah . that it could have be I . it could have be he find I . with that ambulance drive right on by ! CUT to : ext . ATM - readyteller ( lancaster ) - day 39 a lonely spot even during the day . mccaleb step up . he stand there a beat , look down at the ground where the bloodstain still be not quite go . ( continued ) 39 40 28 . continued : 39 mccaleb insert he ATM card , look back over he shoulder , then up and down the street . he close he eye , replaying the crime in he mind . suddenly , a hand reach up toward mccaleb 's shoulder ! someone 's behind he . as the hand come down ... mccaleb wheel to face a longhaire man wear wayfarer sunglass and a single , dangle crucifix earring . man you do ? mccaleb blink in surprise , then gather he wit . grunting that he be , he take he ATM card from the slot and walk away . the man watch after he a beat , then turn to the machine . dissolve to : ext . dock ( san pedro ) - sunset 40 a taxi pull up and let mccaleb out . he carry a stack of file and videotape . he look tired . buddy raise a beer from the deck of the double down . buddy here 's to you , Terry . mccaleb nod , continue past , then turn , look at buddy . mccaleb what do you get go tomorrow ? buddy same as always . a big fat goose egg . mccaleb I need a driver for a few day . ten buck a hour plus meal . buddy ( perk up ) what be it , a investigation ? mccaleb I be look for a driver , buddy , not a partner . buddy okay . I be in . whose car . ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 29 . continued : 40 mccaleb we take yours , I pay for gas . we take mine , I sit in the back . it 's get air bag up front . buddy right , cuz of you chest , right ? mccaleb nod , no patience leave for the day . buddy let 's take mine . I have feel like too much of a chauffeur with you in the back . mccaleb ( head off ) see you in the morning . buddy you look tired , mccaleb . you should get some sleep . CUT to : int . the following sea - chart table - night 41 the evidence be laid out . both case , crime - scene photo , etc ... mccaleb rub he eye , make a note on a legal pad . he then open a Thomas guide , begin tracking street . CUT to : glass thermometer 42 the mercury rise , stop at 99.8 degree . int . the following sea - forward head - night 43 mccaleb take the thermometer out of he mouth , read it . it take a moment for it to register . finally , he pick up the clipboard with the temperature chart . in a column where there have only ever be dash , he jot 99.8 degree . CUT to : 44 45 46 30 . int . sherman market - night 44 we be suddenly in a black and white world . mr. kang look up from the register and smile in a unfriendly way . mccaleb stand across form he . mr . kang you do not deserve it . mccaleb what ? suddenly , there 's a hand on mccaleb 's shoulder , the barrel of a revolver on he temple . mccaleb turn to find the man in the ski mask . he lower the gun to mccaleb 's chest -- the heart . ski mask ten ring . boom ! shot through the heart , mccaleb start a impossibly slow descent to the floor . as he fall he look back toward ski mask . the eye watch he go . they look remarkably like he own eye ... then come the wink . CUT to : int . the following sea - cabin - night 45 have land in he own bunk , mccaleb wake in a cold sweat . it take he a moment to realize where he be . CUT to : int . cedar ’s-sinai - examination room - day ( next 46 morning ) dr . bonnie fox sit across from mccaleb . dr . fox murdered ? what be you talk about ? mccaleb she be shot in the head in a robbery , then live long enough for I to get she heart . ( continued ) 46 31 . continued : 46 dr . fox you be not suppose to know anything about you donor . how do you know this ? mccaleb her sister track I down . she read a piece about I in the paper , about the fact that I hada rare blood type , the same as she sister 's . my surgery be the same day she sister die . dr . fox what do she want ? money ? mccaleb actually laugh . dr . fox I be glad you can find it funny . mccaleb do not you see ? she want I to find out who do it . she want I to solve she sister 's murder . dr . fox give I this woman 's name . right now . mccaleb just look at she . dr . fox you be not think of do this . mccaleb I start yesterday . DR. fox ( furious ) and today you be run a fever ! you be sixty day post transplant ! as you doctor I be order you not to do this . he do not answer ; she soften . dr . fox you have to respect the gift you be give , Terry . mccaleb I do and I be . it be she gift . ( continued ) 46 continued : 32 . ( 2 ) 46 mccaleb it 's suppose to be a accident . 99 out of 100 donor , a accident lead to a fatal head injury . this be different . dr . fox how ? how be it different ? a heart be a heart . mccaleb ( stand ) a accident be fate . a murder be evil . dr . fox oh please -- mccaleb this gift that you talk about , the only reason I have it be because of this evil , hateful thing that someone do . dr . fox you be not make a lot of sense . mccaleb she go into that store to get a candy bar for she kid and end up -- I can not explain -- Dr. Fox reach out , take he hand . dr . fox you know the little boy in room 604 ? he 's wait on a heart that be not come . that could be you , Terry . this be you one chance . tell this woman no . save yourself and tell she no . mccaleb I can not ... Dr. Fox slowly pull she hand back . dr . fox you be gambling with you life . if you start get infection or rejection , we be not go to be able to save you . ( continued ) 33 . 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 mccaleb I do not have a choice . dr . fox neither do I . I can no longer be you doctor , Terry . I can not be around while you do this . mccaleb look , Doc -- dr . fox I 'il have you record ready this afternoon . good luck , Terry . CUT to : 47 int . restaurant - day 47 in a waitress uniform , graciella step over to the phone . the manager do not look too happy as he hand it over . manager make it quick . graciella hello ? mccaleb ( v.o. ) graciella ? it 's mccaleb . CUT to : 48 int . cedar - sinai - pay phone - day 48 mccaleb stand in the booth , he head press up against the glass . buddy stand a short distance away , look concerned for he friend . graciella ( v.o. ) do something happen ? mccaleb tell I about she . intercut the follow : graciella what do you mean ? ( continued ) 34 . 48 continued : 48 mccaleb glory . tell I something about she . the better feel I have for she , the better I 'il be at this . she think a beat , know this be important to he . graciella be there a kitchen on that boat of yours ? mccaleb yeah , a galley . graciella be it big enough to cook a real meal ? mccaleb sure . graciella you want to know my sister ? then you have to meet she son . everything that be good about she be in he . I / x11 bring he by tonight and make you dinner . mccaleb I have like that ... so you know , most case turn on some detail that be miss or do not seem important . it can be the key . that 's what I have to find . graciella you have glory 's heart . she 's 11 guide you . mccaleb hang up ; the word weigh heavy . he step out . buddy you okay , Terry ? where to ? CUT to : 49 int . buddy 's car - day 49 they pull into the lot of a West Valley industrial park . buddy what be we do here ? ( continued ) 49 continued : 35 . 49 mccaleb sheriff 's department check out a list of three strike robbery suspect . also , a list of location where hk p7 pistol be steal in the past few year . last night I chart the site of each theft along with the home and job location of each man on the list . buddy I get it . like a cross reference . you want to see if they overlap , right ? mccaleb one name stick out like a whore in church . mikail bolotov . two time loser . live a mile from the market where gloria torres die . Works four block from a canoga Park home where a heckler and koch be steal in December . buddy let out a low whistle . buddy so why have not they arrest this guy ? bolo ... bolo ... mccaleb bolotov . buddy Russian sonuvabitch ! mccaleb they do not know about the gun . plus he 's get a alibi . time card . he punch out at work after the cordell murder . buddy a friend could have do that . mccaleb nod , look up at the building . buddy but I still do not know what we be do here . ( continued ) 36 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 mccaleb he work inside . I be go to talk to he . buddy cool . as mccaleb start out , buddy follow . mccaleb where be you go ? buddy we 'il lean on he . good cop , bad cop . mccaleb you be stay in the car , buddy . buddy mutter disappointment , but he eye widen as mccaleb fish a gun in a canvas holster from he leather bag . as he clip it to he belt ... buddy hey , what be you expect in there ? mccaleb nothing . it 's more of a prop than anything . CUT to : 50 int . deltona clock - reception desk - day 50 cheap , industrial look clock be manufacture here . a receptionist look up at mccaleb . receptionist can I help you ? mccaleb put he hand on he hip , carefully let he jacket open to expose he gun . the receptionist spot it . mccaleb I be conduct a follow - up on a sheriff 's department inquiry of February third . receptionist just a moment . ( continued ) 50 51 37 . continued : 50 she pick up a phone , dial . receptionist Mr. toliver , it 's Wendy . there 's a man from the sheriff 's department here about something . int . deltona clock - office - day 51 built into the wall above and with a window look out onto the manufacturing floor . mccaleb stand across from a harry mr. toliver . mr . toliver we be awfully busy , Mr. mccaleb . mccaleb I 'il get to the point then . a few month ago you speak to two sheriff 's detective about a employee name bolotov . mr . toliver yes ? mccaleb I be investigate that case now . I need to ask some additional question . mr . toliver I x11 tell you what I tell the other . Michael bolotov be work that day . you can see he time card if you have like . mccaleb how many employee do you have on the floor at any give time ? mr . toliver eight-five . mccaleb any chance one of they could have punch bolotov out ? mr . toliver ( shrug ) we have be in business sixteen year . it 's happen . mccaleb look out onto the floor . ( continued ) 51 52 53 38 . continued : 51 mccaleb be bolotov work today ? Mr. toliver step up , point down on the floor . mr . toliver that 's he there . mccaleb be look at a man in a black T-shirt with sleeve stretch tight over powerful , tattoo - lace arm . bolotov . mccaleb bolotov ... be he Russian ? mr . toliver yeah . they be good worker and they do not complain . they do not mind be pay shit , either . mccaleb I have like to speak to he . mr . toliver in here ? mccaleb I be sure you want to continue to cooperate , do not you ? after a big sigh from Mr toliver ... CUT to : int . stair - leading up to office - day 52 move with bolotov as he climb up . he move with a jailhouse strut as he enter ... int . deltona clock - office - day 53 mccaleb wait , alone . mccaleb sit down . bolotov move to a chair , sit without hesitation . mccaleb the night of January seventeen . tell I about it . ( continued ) 53 39 . continued : 53 bolotov I tell they before . I work that night . mccaleb so you say . but thing be different now . we know thing we do not know then . bolotov what thing ? mccaleb burglary at that house on mason . two block from here , remember ? that where you get the gun , be not it , bolotov ? bolotov ( biceps bulg ) what gun ? mccaleb how about February seventh ? you get a alibi for that night , too ? bolotov I do not know that night . mccaleb sure you do . that 's the night you walk into the sherman market and kill two people . bolotov 's eye narrow . bolotov who be you ? you be not a cop . mccaleb just stare at he . bolotov ( stand ) cop be in twos . who be you ? mccaleb I be the one who 's go to take you down . you do it , bolotov , and I be go to prove it . without warning , bolotov rush forward . as mccaleb bolotov slam into he chest , send mccaleb sprawling over the back of the chair . ( continued ) 53 54 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 pin mccaleb 's neck with a knee , he go through he pocket . toss the gun away , he check mccaleb 's wallet . bolotov no badge . see , no cop . bolotov check the driver 's license . bolotov terr-ell mack-kay-leeb . he dig he knee in a bit harder . bolotov maybe I pay you a visit one day , yes ? stand , bolotov grab the chair , raise it over he head . at that moment , the door open and Mr. toliver step in . bolotov hurl the chair through the glass , then leap with ease to the manufacturing floor below . mccaleb try to stand , then collapse to the floor clutching at he chest . mccaleb shit ... CUT to : int . detective winston 's office - homicide - day 54 look rag , mccaleb sit across from jaye Winston . she 's angry . mccaleb think for a minute , jaye . bolotov 's alibi be about as solid as a loaf of bread . jaye you think , Terry . you have get no badge . and even if you do , it would be the wrong one . mccaleb the hell with that . bolotov . I like he for this , jaye . ( continued ) 54 41 . continued : 54 jaye guy 's a convict . he could have do what he do for a hundred reason . mccaleb you should put out a pick - up on he . jaye ( step over ) you look like crap , Terry . jaye put she palm on he forehead . jaye you get a fever . go home . mccaleb bolotov . jaye I have a car go by he apartment , but he 's already go . Split . mccaleb I hit a nerve . jaye I 'il say . you remember my lieutenant who become a captain ? mccaleb nod . jaye he 's not too happy . he do not want to hear from you or about you again . we ’1ll send a sheriff by you boat at five to pick up the file and tape . understood ? mccaleb sigh , nod again . jaye look away . jaye will that give you enough time to make copy of everything ? mccaleb look back over , smile . mccaleb I already do . it 's she turn to smile . but as mccaleb stand to go ... ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 jaye by the way . lip reader come in . he 's ninety percent sure that the shooter be say ' happy Valentine 's Day . 's mccaleb that sound hinky , jaye . not like you average mutt . jaye ( shrug ) what 's average this day ? CUT to : black & white gloria torre 55 bluntly : the gun come up and blow she brain out . Mr. kang be shot next . the shooter pick up the shell and mouth to the camera with mccaleb speak in perfect synch with he . mccaleb ( v.o. ) happy Valentine 's Day . the image freeze , rewind , and play again . int . the following sea - salon - sunset 56 mccaleb sit by the tv assault himself with the same image over and over . the moment be break by the sound and motion of footstep touch down on the deck overhead . mccaleb hit freeze , spare gloria death by a fraction of a second . he stand , head through the door to the deck . ext . the following sea - deck - sunset 57 mccaleb step out to find graciella and a ten-year - old boy raymond step on . graciella carry a bag of grocery . she read mccaleb 's surprise . graciella ( smile ) you forget , do not you ? ( continued ) 57 43 . continued : 57 mccaleb ( embarrassed ) no -- I mean , sort of , for the last few hour . I get lose ... graciella it 's okay . we can do it another time . mccaleb be you kid ? we be go to have dinner . be this Raymond ? graciella ( nodd ) Raymond , this be Mr. mccaleb . the man I be tell you about . this be he boat . mccaleb step over , shake Raymond 's little hand . the boy look about curiously . raymond what 's the follow Sea ? mccaleb that 's the one you have to watch out for . the one that 's right behind you . graciella ( be : grocery ) where 's the galley ? mccaleb ( point ) through there . graciella walk past they , down into the salon . raymond can you fish off this boat ? mccaleb sure . why do not I get you a pole and -- mccaleb stop short , look back over he shoulder . mccaleb wait here , Raymond . as mccaleb start down into the salon . 58 59 44 . int . the following sea - salon - sunset 58 graciella stand in shock before the tv stare at the freeze image of she sister , the barrel of the revolver about to touch the side of she head . unable to look away , she tremble finger reach for the play button . just before she hit it , mccaleb be there . he switch the screen off . mccaleb I be sorry . you should not have see that . graciella be she , be she ever scared ? mccaleb no . she never know at all . graciella look at the file , videotape and note on the chart table . then she look at the tv and back to mccaleb . graciella what I have ask you to do -- it be not fair , be it ? mccaleb ( after a beat ) there 's a restaurant over the marine store . good food and a great view of the sunset . why do not we have dinner there ? dissolve to : ext . marina - jetty - sunset 59 after dinner . mccaleb and graciella walk . Raymond run ahead of they chase sea gull , chuck a occasional rock into the sea . graciella why do you live on a boat ? mccaleb I hate to mow the grass . she laugh . mccaleb smile at the sight , look to Raymond . mccaleb be he go to stay with you ? ( continued ) 59 continued : 45 . 59 graciella ( nod ) I be the only one . his father be not around . mccaleb you sister be a good person . I can tell that by Raymond . graciella thank you ... how 's it go , mccaleb ? any hope ? mccaleb look she over , judge she strength . then : mccaleb I want you to start think about you sister . graciella what do you mean ? mccaleb make a list for I of place she would go , friend she would see , any routine she have . graciella all right . how come ? mccaleb just a angle I be work on . do she ever mention a James cordell to you ? graciella no. mccaleb you be sure ? graciella positive . why ? mccaleb it 's too premature to get into right now . graciella ( stop ) you think this James cordell kill she ? ( continued ) 59 continued : 46 . ( 2 ) 59 mccaleb graciella then what ? mccaleb cordell be kill during a a.t.m. hold - up six week before gloria . it look like the same gunman . graciella so why would gloria know he ? they be both just in the wrong place at the wrong time , right ? mccaleb it 's a hunch , but this investigation be run under the theory that the location be choose and the victim be random . I think it might be the other way around . graciella what ? mccaleb to check it out I need to see if you sister and cordell have anything in common . some intersection that hook they to each other or to the gunman . graciella I be not follow you . mccaleb in the bureau we have what we call a full field investigation . that 's all I be do . ahead , Raymond turn and look back : raymond come on ! mccaleb wave . they start forward . after some silence . graciella there be one thing that 's always bother I . ( continued ) 59 continued : 47 . ( 3 ) 59 mccaleb what 's that ? graciella it 's nothing . mccaleb what ? graciella glory have a piece of jewelry . it be like she lucky charm . she always wear it . but when they give I she personal thing , it be miss . mccaleb what be it ? graciella a single earring . a dangle crucifix . mccaleb be go . lose in sudden , anxious think . graciella graciella what do it mean ? take mccaleb 's arm . mccaleb snap back out . mccaleb uh , certain killer take souvenir . graciella God , that 's creepy . ( a beat ) be you okay ? he focus on she as he realize the killer be at the ATM machine . mccaleb I just , I miss my medicine . I should get back to the boat and take it . graciella we have to go , too . Raymond have homework . ( to Raymond ) Raymond ! come say thank you to Mr. mccaleb ! ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . 59 continued : ( 4 ) 59 graciella ( cont ’d ) ( to mccaleb ) you be sure you be okay . mccaleb Fine . but nothing 's fine right now . and as the sun set ... CUT to : 60 int . the following sea - tv screen - night 60 freeze Frame as gloria torres step to the counter , head turn . mccaleb step up to the screen , put he finger on it . grainy , but you can see : the crucifix earring . play . gloria be shot . kang be shot . as the shooter lower gloria 's upper torso out of frame , mccaleb go to jog mode . the shooter rise back into frame . mccaleb jog back and forth over the shooter 's hand as it slide in and out of he pocket . he 's take the earring ! 61 ext . dock ( san pedro ) - night 61 mccaleb step out to the deck of the follow Sea . mccaleb hey , buddy ! a few beat before a bleary buddy stagger up on deck . buddy what 's up , Terry ? mccaleb you be work tomorrow . six am . buddy ( shrug ) cool . as buddy turn , he kick into part of the pile of personal stuff heape everywhere . as it start to spill over the side and sink to the bottom : buddy aww shit , Terry ! CUT to : 62 63 49 . int . buddy 's car - day 62 driving through the desert toward lancaster . buddy who want to go to the desert anyhow ? mccaleb you go where the clue lead . buddy do not any clue lead to the beach for cry out loud ?! CUT to : ext . cordell house ( lancaster ) - day 63 buddy wait in the car as mccaleb head up the walk . he ring the bell . a few moment before mrs . cordell answer . she look sad . mccaleb Mrs. cordell ? mrs . cordell yes . mccaleb I be Terry mccaleb . I call you last night . ( no answer ) be this a bad time ? mrs . cordell as oppose to a good time ? mccaleb poor choice of word . can we talk ? mrs . cordell ( point past ) be that you partner in the car ? mccaleb uh , my driver . mrs . cordell oh . I think of hire a private investigator , but I just could not afford to . ( continued ) 63 continued : she look wall . 50 . 63 at the two little bike lean against the mrs . cordell could not afford to find out who kill my husband . ( look up ) do you work for the police ? mccaleb I be a retire f.b.i. agent . a friend of the family of a woman who be kill in canoga Park . we think it be the same gunman in both case . mrs . cordell I see . mccaleb first of all , I be sorry . I know it do not matter what a stranger think , but you have my sympathy . from what I read in the file , James be a good man . mrs . cordell ( smile ) it 's funny to hear he call James . everyone call he Jimmy . and he be a very good man . how can I help , Mr. mccaleb ? mccaleb take out a photo and hand it to she . it 's the shot of gloria torres and Raymond that graciella give he . mccaleb do you recognize this woman ? Mrs. cordell study it . mccaleb do she look like someone you husband could have know ? mrs . cordell no , I do not think so . be she the victim in canoga Park ? mccaleb yes . ( continued ) 63 continued : she hand 51 . ( 2 ) 63 mrs . cordell be that she son ? mccaleb yes . that 's Raymond . mrs . cordell I do not understand . how could my husband have know she ? be you suggest they may have -- mccaleb no , Mrs. cordell , nothing like that . mrs . cordell then like what ? mccaleb somewhere you husband and miss torres may have cross the shooter 's path . the relationship be between the victim and the shooter . I need to know if you husband and miss torres have anything in common . it may seem like nothing . they both eat at the same restaurant for example . mrs . cordell ( figure along ) a restaurant the killer go to . mccaleb yes , that 's right . mrs . cordell that sound like stalking , not robbery . mccaleb to be honest , robbery may not have be the motive here . he back the photo . mccaleb be anything miss when they turn over you husband 's personal effect ? his wristwatch ? wedding ring ? mrs . cordell no . ( continued ) 63 64 52 . continued : ( 3 ) 63 mccaleb would he have be in canoga Park , the West Valley in the week before the shoot ? mrs . cordell no . as a matter of fact he have just spend a month up in Northern California work on the aqueduct up there . he go into Los Angeles maybe twice a year . when my husband be not work , Mr. mccaleb , he be home . with I . about the most exotic thing he do be give blood every few month or so . mccaleb nod , sorry for what he 's already put she through . a silent beat . he look over toward the garage . there 's a chevy suburban , box pile behind it like no one ever drive it . mccaleb be that you husband 's car ? mrs . cordell yes . mccaleb do he keep anything personal inside it ? mrs . cordell a picture of the kid on the dashboard . mccaleb and that 's still there ? mrs . cordell I do not know . I would think , but someone from the sheriff 's department drive it home . I have not be in it since . int . cordell garage - day 64 Mrs. cordell open the door to the suburban . mccaleb look over she shoulder . there on the dash , a photo of two little girl . ( continued ) 53 . 64 continued : 64 mrs . cordell there it be . mccaleb can not quite hide he disappointment . still ... mccaleb do he have a favorite knick - knack , a coffee mug , anything ? mrs . cordell no. I be sorry . mccaleb that 's fine , Mrs. cordell . what would help be in the next few day if you could write down any routine you husband have or -- mrs . cordell wait a minute . his sunglass . mccaleb Excuse I ? mrs . cordell they always hang from the rearview mirror . he keep they on a cord . they be miss . mccaleb what kind of sunglass be they ? mrs . cordell Wayfarer . he have they for year . as a image flash in mccaleb 's mind : CUT to : 65 flashback - guy at ATM 65 wayfarer sunglass and a dangle crucifix earring . man you do ? CUT back to : 66 cordell garage 66 Mrs. cordell look at mccaleb . he focus on she as he realize the killer be behind he at the ATM machine . ( continued ) 66 67 54 . continued : 66 mrs . cordell I say , what do you think it mean ? mccaleb get a hold of himself . mccaleb probably nothing . thanks for all you help , Mrs. cordell . I / x11 call you as soon as I learn something . mccaleb start away ... CUT to : int . buddy 's car - day 67 driving away . mccaleb take a handful of pill , wash they down with a swig of bottled water . buddy easy , Mac . what 's the matter ? mccaleb I see he , buddy . I see the killer . he be behind I at the bank . at the a.t.m. machine . buddy that 's crazy . that 's the last place he have be . mccaleb no , it fit into the profile . buddy what profile ? recovering , mccaleb clam up . mccaleb let 's go . L.A. County sheriff 's . in whittier . buddy but I still do not get it . why would -- ( off mccaleb 's look ) never mind , I be just the driver . mccaleb now you get it . ( continued ) 55 . 67 continued : 67 buddy if this last much longer , I want a raise . CUT to : 68 int . sheriff office ( whittier ) - from desk - day 68 a deputy look across at mccaleb . deputy detective Winston 's out in the field . can I take a message ? mccaleb just tell she mccaleb be here . as mccaleb turn to go ... deputy hey ! she want to talk to you , Mr. mccaleb . as mccaleb turn back ... CUT to : 69 int . sheriff office ( whittier ) - dispatch - day 69 the dispatcher hand mccaleb the radio mic . mccaleb this be mccaleb , jaye . jaye 's response be garble until ... jaye ( v.0 . ) ( over speaker ) +... and I be en route . you should get yourself down here . mccaleb I do not copy the first part of that . jaye ( v.0 . ) I say , we get bolotov . CUT to : 70 721 56 . ext . neighborhood alley ( sherman oak ) - day 70 a dirt way bisect fence in back yard . Police line have be set up . jaye greet mccaleb as he walk up with buddy in tow . as she wave mccaleb through , he look back at buddy . buddy I know , I know . wait here . mccaleb and jaye 721 walk down the alley . jaye trash collector find he a hour ago . we be guess he 's be here since early this morning . ahead : arrango and Walters . mccaleb spot they . mccaleb what be they do here ? jaye believe it or not , this alley be the line . mccaleb what line ? jaye South side be l.a.p.d. North side be the sheriff 's department . we be not sure of the jurisdiction yet . arrango turn to mccaleb . arrango look like you shook he out of he tree , old man . Dumb bastard kill himself . he point to the ground between two trash bin . bolotov sit there slump , the side of he head blow open . Walters hold up a evidence bag : a 9 mm pistol inside . walter heckler & koch 9 millimeter . same as both murder . ballistics should confirm it . ( continued ) 721 continued : 57 . 721 mccaleb wait a minute . what be you say ? arrango case close . sound good , do not it ? mccaleb no. bolotov do not fit the profile . jaye the profile of what ? mccaleb a serial killer . jaye whoa , whoa , whoa ! mccaleb this people be stalk and kill where the shooter know there have be a camera . personal item , trophy item be take . arrango what the fuck be you talk about ? mccaleb I be at the a.t.m. crime scene yesterday . I do not realize it at the time , but the shooter be in line behind I . he be wear James cordell 's sunglass and gloria torres 's earring . Walters and arrango exchange a look . arrango reach into he pocket for two more evidence bag . one hold sunglass , the other a crucifix earring . arrango found the stuff in he leave hand . I do not care what we call he ; we get he . mccaleb this guy have long hair . jaye could it have be a wig ? ( continued ) 721 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 721 mccaleb ( rattle ) I do not know ... maybe . jaye look he over , concerned . jaye maybe you should sit down , Terry . arrango maybe pop should lay down . jaye shut up , arrango . there 's a commotion with forensics over the body . forensics # 1 give I the tweezers . there 's something between he tooth . the detective turn as the tweezers fish out : forensics # 1 it 's a bullet . indeed , a partially flatten slug . forensics # 2 that look like a .38 to I . as forensics one nod in agreement ... jaye why would he put a .38 slug in he mouth ? mccaleb same reason he die on the jurisdiction line . he do not do it . someone 's jerk we off . arrango well he do it in my book ! mccaleb look over . mccaleb you know what you be ? you be worried . arrango ( start forward ) that so ? what be I worried about ? ( continued ) 721 72 59 . continued : ( 3 ) 721 mccaleb you be worried I be go to break the case . you do not care about the people kill or hurt . you just do not want I do what you can not . arrango step forward , get in he face . arrango what the fuck be it to you ? on the you , arrango poke mccaleb in the chest . mccaleb grab arrango 's hand , bend the thumb to a pressure point . mccaleb you know gloria torres ? the victim you do not give a shit about ? I get she heart . I be alive because she 's dead . as arrango hunch in pain , mccaleb speak into he ear . mccaleb that cut I into this in a big way . so I do not care about you feeling . you be a asshole and that 's fine , but I be not back out till we get this guy . mccaleb let go of arrango , stiff - arm he back . mccaleb ( intense ) I do not care if it 's you , I or somebody else , but I be in this one for the whole ride . as mccaleb start away ... arrango stay out of my city , mccaleb ! I come across you in the field and that 's go to be trouble ! CUT to : ext . cabrillo marina ( san pedro ) - dock - day 72 buddy walk with mccaleb . buddy look at he friend , see he do not look too good . as they reach the double - down , mccaleb pause and fish in he pocket . he come out with about forty buck . ( continued ) 60 . 72 continued : 72 mccaleb shit ... what do you figure I owe you , buddy ? buddy um , about two hundred or so . mccaleb sound right . buddy you look like shit , Terry . you should take a nap or something . mccaleb nod , but be not really listen . mccaleb you take a check ? buddy ( shrug ) sure . mccaleb I 'il bring it over . mccaleb start toward he boat , then look back over he shoulder . mccaleb should I make it out to buddy ? buddy jasper . jasper noone . mccaleb I know the noone part . buddy I look more like a buddy than a jasper , huh ? ( call after ) take a nap ! CUT to : 73 int . the following sea - salon - day 73 mccaleb finish write out the check . he tear it out , pin it to the corkboard over he desk . ( continued ) 73 61 . continued : 73 a sign as mccaleb turn and look at the evidence pile in two cardboard box . the task before he have grow daunt . as he wipe the sweat from he brow ... a dip as someone outside step down to the deck . mccaleb turn to the slider . graciella be there with Raymond . she motion for Raymond to wait outside , then she enter . mccaleb graciella . graciella be it true ? mccaleb what ? graciella on the radio . they say they find a Russian man who may be the killer . mccaleb I do not know . I do not think so , but I do not know . she just stand there look at he . not know hurt . graciella but they say ... mccaleb might be just a couple of cop look for headline . he look at she , realize . mccaleb I be sorry , graciella . I just do not know . graciella finally just nod . she hold up a piece of paper . graciella I do what you ask . I make a list of all of glory 's routine . mccaleb good . thank you . graciella try not to cry as she recite . ( continued ) 73 continued : he rifle 62 . ( 2 ) 73 graciella she stop at that market a lot . almost every night . she take Raymond to McDonald 's a lot . the one on ventura in reseda . she use to go bowl , but not for a while . she visit we aunt every Thursday . she 's in a nursing home in culver City . she give blood every couple of month and she drop Raymond off at school every -- mccaleb wait a minute . do you say blood ? graciella yeah . she have that rare type . same as you . mccaleb a.b. with the C.M.V. negative . graciella the hospital would have pay she , but she would not take it . mccaleb that 's it ... they both give blood . it 's the blood . graciella what be you talk about ? mccaleb cordell and you sister . I talk to the widow . she say he give blood every few month . through the cordell file . he read , then : mccaleb shit . this be just a preliminary report . no toxicology and no blood . I have get to call he wife . graciella Terry , slow down . what be you talk about ? mccaleb the link . it 's blood . blood have to be the link . ( continued ) 73 74 75 63 . continued : ( 3 ) 73 graciella blood ? CUT to : ext . dock - pay phone - day 74 graciella wait as mccaleb wait for someone to answer he call . finally , he hang up . mccaleb Mrs. cordell be not home . graciella be there another way to find out ? mccaleb if he give blood regularly , he have be on the computer . graciella what computer ? mccaleb the bopra computer . when someone need rare blood . they have one at cedar . graciella ( intense ) I be come with you . mccaleb what about Raymond ? they look across to where Raymond talk to buddy who sit on a lawn chair on the deck of the double down . CUT to : buddy 75 squint over at mccaleb . buddy what do you mean baby-sitting ? mccaleb how much do you charge ? buddy look over at Raymond and sigh . ( continued ) 75 76 77 64 . continued : 75 buddy beer . a case of beer a hour . CUT to : int . cedar - sinai - cardiology unit - hallway - day 76 mccaleb and graciella walk down . mccaleb look in the door at the same little boy as before . he look a little more frail . they continue around past the nurse 's station . Dr. Fox be there grab a patient file . dr . fox Terry ? mccaleb hey , doc. dr . fox what 's wrong ? be you -- mccaleb I be fine . be there a empty room we can use for a few minute ? I need to talk to you . she notice graciella for the first time , look at mccaleb , then shake she head in annoyance . int . room 618 - day 77 they file in . Dr. Fox close the door . dr . fox you have five minute ? who be this ? mccaleb this be graciella Rivers . I tell you about she . dr . fox you be the one who start he on this . look at he . his color , the line under he eye . a week ago he be fine ! he be perfect , godamnit ! ( continued ) 77 continued : mccaleb it be my choice . everything . choice . dr . fox ( wheeling on he ) shut up ! mccaleb blink in surprise . dr . fox sit down . mccaleb do as he 's tell . dr . fox open you mouth . she stick a thermometer in he mouth . dr . fox take you shirt off . 65 . 77 my he do as he 's tell . graciella 's eye widen at the scar . Dr. Fox stick a cold stethoscope on he back . dr . fox ( to graciella ) what do you two want ? mccaleb we need to -- dr . fox keep that thermometer in you mouth . graciella my sister be murder . so be another man . it be the same killer . mccaleb find a link between my sister and the other man . they both give blood . dr . fox what ? graciella my sister be the same type as mccaleb . ab with cmw negative . mccaleb say it 's 1 in 200 . ( continued ) 66 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 Dr. Fox take out the thermometer , read it . dr . fox shit. ( then , to mccaleb ) what do you want ? mccaleb check the bopra computer . James cordell . if he 's list , I want to know what he blood type be . dr . fox that 's unethical . mccaleb you have to help . if my hunch be right , the killer have access already . dr . fox I do not know ... mccaleb if you can not protect the integrity of the system you work in , then you have no system . dr . fox okay . I x11 do it on one condition . you let I run blood work on you . mccaleb but that take hour . dr . fox yes or no ? mccaleb yes. CUT to : 78 monitor screen 78 a grainy silver and black image of mccaleb 's heart . the snake line of a scope move toward it . 79 67 . int . cedar -sinai hospital - examination room - day 79 on a gurney , head in a brace , mccaleb close he eye as the line enter he heart . Dr. Marcus guide the line through a incision in mccaleb 's neck . mccaleb look over at graciella who try to hide she distress at the sight . graciella I want you to stop , mccaleb . mccaleb stop what ? graciella everything . I be wrong to bring this to you . mccaleb no . mccaleb wince as the doctor finish . removing the scope , he tape a compress to mccaleb 's neck . the doctor unstrap the brace , step away . mccaleb look at graciella . mccaleb I get a new heart . but it do not feel like a new life . graciella ( step forward ) I do not know what you mean . mccaleb wait a beat for the doctor to leave . mccaleb I have be do this work a long time . and it take something from I . but know you , work on this for you , and myself , I can feel a little of it come back . mccaleb smile , a bit embarrassed . it 's the best he can explain . graciella reach down , stroke he cheek with the back of she hand . the door open and Dr. Fox enter carry a computer printout . she hold it up . dr . fox it 's the list of local ab cmw negative . cordell 's on it . same blood type as torres . ( continued ) 79 68 . continued : 79 two name on the list have be highlight by Dr. Fox : gloria torres & James cordell . they both have a " D " next to they name . most name on the list do not . mccaleb what 's the ' d' mean ? decease ? dr . fox no . the ' d' mean donor . organ donor . they be both organ donor . the word hang heavy in the air . mccaleb that 's why they be kill . cordell die on the scene , but gloria make it long enough . Dr. Fox follow he reason . she 's stunne . dr . fox that 's crazy . graciella what be you say ? mccaleb I make a judgement . I decide you sister do not have anything anyone would want so the reason have to be elsewhere . I miss it . graciella miss what , mccaleb ? before mccaleb can answer , Dr. Fox do . dr . fox her blood . it make she unique . it make what be inside she very valuable ... to someone . mccaleb someone like I . anyone who benefitte could be a suspect . graciella you be say she be murder for she organ ? the final piece fall into place for mccaleb . ( continued ) 79 80 81 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 mccaleb ( as it hit he ) the autopsy report . both bullet go through the frontal lobe . the shooter want they brain -dead , but do not want they to die right away . cordell be alive , but 9 - 1 - 1 screw up the address . but you sister have the good samaritan . graciella who ? mccaleb a customer who come in and bandage she , then call 9 - 1 - 1 . it hit he like a ton of brick . he bolt to he foot . mccaleb I need to use the phone . dr . fox Terry , lay back down ! you can not get up until -- mccaleb just get I a list of where the organ go . with that , he 's out the door . CUT to : ext . sherman market - day 80 a unmark pull up and jaye Winston get out . she 's meet by graciella who shrug and direct she inside . int . sherman market - stock room - day 81 Mrs. kang watch , confuse as mccaleb stand by the video surveillance camera recorder , a phone in he hand . mccaleb ( into phone ) this be arrango , West Valley homicide . badge number one-four-one-one . I need a ten-twenty for a surveillance commencement . ( continued ) 70 . 81 continued : 81 a beat . mccaleb stare at the time readout on the surveillance camera . it 's 5:14:42 p.m. as : telephone voice ( v.0o . ) that 's seventeen - fourteen - thirty -nine . mccaleb gotcha . thanks . mccaleb hang up just as jaye and graciella come around the corner . jaye I be out of my jurisdiction , mccaleb . what 's up ? mccaleb this surveillance camera be 3 second behind the ccw clock . ( to graciella ) that 's the clock 9 - 1 - 1 use . jaye so ? mccaleb do you bring the tape ? jaye in the car . CUT to : 82 ext . sherman market - in jaye 's car - day 82 jaye pop a cassette tape into the car tape deck . mccaleb sit in front beside she . graciella be in the back seat . over the car speaker : operator ( v.o. ) this be the 9 - 1 - 1 operator . caller ( v.o. ) ( Hispanic ; scared ) the girl be shot very bad . she need help please . operator ( v.o. ) who be shot , sir ? ( continued ) 82 71 . continued : 82 caller ( v.o. ) the girl be shot . sherman market . sherman Way . as the line click off ... operator ( v.o. ) Sir ? please stay on the line . Sir ? graciella hang she head . mccaleb eject the tape . he review the 9 - 1 - 1 report , circle the time the call come in : 10:40:58 p.m . he write it down on a pad of paper ... mccaleb 10:40:58 . 9 - 1 - 1 call. ( to jaye ) give I the camera . she hand he a handheld video camera with the flip-open lcd screen . the tape be from the market camera . it 's the gloria torres murder for the umpteenth time . the gun go to she head . mccaleb freeze it just as she 's shot . his finger stab down on the security camera time readout : 10:41:37 . he write down under the first time ... mccaleb 10:41:37 -- gloria torres shot . mccaleb fast - forward and freeze where the good samaritan enter . mccaleb 10:42:55 p.m . good samaritan . mccaleb pound he fist into he palm . once , twice , three time . as jaye realize ... jaye that sonofabitch . graciella what ...? what ? mccaleb point at the good samaritan . ( continued ) 82 continued : 72 . ( 2 ) 82 mccaleb see this guy ? unidentified good samaritan . he try to help the victim and then take off . there 's just one problem . graciella what ? jaye the clock on the surveillance camera be only three second off the 9 - 1 - 1 clock . he make the call before you sister get shot . graciella but that do not make any sense . mccaleb do not answer . neither do jaye . finally ... graciella wait a minute . the caller -- it 's the same guy . ( gasp ) he call the ambulance before he shot she . mccaleb stare at the freeze good samaritan . the image , mccaleb cordell die and he organ be no good . the next time the shooter want to make sure . so he get the ambulance start on the way . then he shot gloria , then he come back inside to bandage she . to keep she alive . graciella oh , my God ... jaye could this good samaritan be the guy you see at the bank ? at the a.t.m. machine ? as it always have be , be very grainy and we never get a great look . mccaleb I do not know . put a wig on he and maybe . ( continued ) 82 73. continued : ( 3 ) 82 jaye ( be : good Sam ) a little dark makeup and this guy 's Hispanic . mccaleb ( suddenly ) you get the other tape . the a.t.m. tape ? jaye no . you only ask for this one . mccaleb maybe the shooter do the same thing at the a.t.m . he call a ambulance , but they get the address wrong . could this guy be lockeridge ? jaye study the screen . jaye I do not know . maybe . mccaleb whoever get the list of organ donor have to hack into the bopra system . lockeridge work with computer . jaye he life in my jurisdiction . mccaleb look back at graciella . graciella I want to come with you . mccaleb go back to Raymond . he 's you job ; this be mine . she look at he a beat , then finally nod . mccaleb you take the car . I / x11 go with jaye . CUT to : 83 84 85 86 74 . int . valley compute - reception desk - day 83 the Office manager ( see earlier ) step over to where jaye and mccaleb wait . office manager I be sorry , but Mr. lockeridge do not come into work today . mccaleb be he ill ? office manager ( shrug ) to be honest , he have not call and he do not come in yesterday , either . jaye and mccaleb exchange a look . CUT to : ext . lockeridge 's house - day 84 jaye and mccaleb walk up the front step . jaye hit the buzzer . as they wait , mccaleb lean over the porch rail , look in the live room window . he Pov 85 a pair of bare foot and leg disappear behind a sofa . porch 86 mccaleb draw he .38 , motion jaye over . as she look . mccaleb that look like probable cause to I . jaye draw she gun as well . as she pull back the front screen door ... mccaleb let 's see if I remember how this go ... mccaleb rear back , kick the front door in . he remember . 87 88 89 75 . int . lockeridge house - day 87 move with mccaleb as he sweep leave and jaye disappear right . the house be small enough and in a few moment mccaleb meet jaye back by the body . we do not get a clear view , but it 's a woman . jaye kneel beside she a moment , then look up at mccaleb , who 's try to catch he breath . jaye her throat 's be slit ... and she 's be here a good 24 hour . CUT to : ext . lockeridge house - sunset 88 Police line have be set up . the coroner be here along with several uniform and a couple of detective . they confer with jaye , who then head over to where ... mccaleb sit on the curb , he head in he hand . he look up as jaye touch he shoulder . mccaleb look rag . jaye we get a a.p.b. out on lockeridge . you do good , mccaleb . mccaleb we will see . I get to get home and take my pill . CUT to : ext . san pedro marina - night 89 beat , mccaleb make he way . a harmonica riff drift off the double - down . buddy raise the usual beer as mccaleb pass . buddy ( be : follow Sea ) you still get company . mccaleb thanks . how much beer do I owe you ? ( continued ) 89 90 76 . continued : 89 buddy Seven case . but he 's a good kid and a helluva fisherman . I / x11 take two . mccaleb you get it . and i’1l bring you check by in the morning . as mccaleb continue ... buddy that 's what they all say . good night , Terry . int . the following sea - salon - night 90 Raymond be at mccaleb 's desk , do he math homework . graciella fillet fish at the sink . they look up as mccaleb step through the slider . raymond hey , Mr. mccaleb . mccaleb hey , Raymond . call I Terry . raymond I and buddy catch six fish . mccaleb that 's great . a harbor record I think . graciella finish you homework , Ray . Rolling he eye , Raymond turn back to he number . graciella wait till mccaleb be close enough , lower she voice . graciella so. mccaleb I be not sure yet , but it look promise . graciella when will you know ? mccaleb shrug he shoulder . ( continued ) 90 77 . continued : 90 mccaleb soon , I hope . mccaleb retrieve he pill from a cabinet , grab some orange juice from the fridge . graciella watch with something close to pity as he wash they down . mccaleb what ? graciella thank you . for what you be do . mccaleb look down at the fillet . mccaleb I be impressed . graciella my father take glory and I fishing when we be kid . she smile at the memory , catch herself . graciella I be glad I can smile about she . I could not at first . they look at each other a beat . raymond hey , Mr. -- I mean , Terry . as mccaleb look over , Raymond point at the laminate newspaper lineup of " code killer victim . " specifically at the " 903 472 568 . " raymond what 's this ? mccaleb that 's just , ah -- like a code . you have to try and break the code . um , I never could . raymond there 's no one . mccaleb what ? raymond 9-0-3-4-7-2-5-6 - 8 . it 's all the number , but no one . ( continued ) 90 91 92 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 90 mccaleb step over . he 's intrigue even if ... mccaleb I never think of that before . you be right . graciella join they . graciella it 's get late . mccaleb yeah . graciella Raymond be wonder if we could sleep here . surprise , mccaleb look at she . mccaleb sure . I get plenty of berth . CUT to : raymond 91 asleep in a bunk . graciella step over , pull the blanket up under he chin . she head off , barefoot , wear a man 's shirt . int . cabin - night 92 mccaleb lie on he back , bare - chest . he watch graciella as she return , climb back into bed . as she snuggle to he side , we know we miss something . mccaleb reach down , gently touch she face . mccaleb everything okay ? graciella yes . a long beat until a short , involuntary laugh escape mccaleb 's lip . graciella what 's so funny ? ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 96 79 . continued : 92 mccaleb nothing . I be just happy , I guess . graciella good . she rest she head against he chest . as she listen to she sister 's heart beat ... dissolve to : ext . san pedro marina - night 93 a fog have roll in , shroud the boat in a ghostly veil . as a gray shadow move down the dock ... ext . the following sea - deck - night 94 as a sneaker - clad foot step stealthily down . int . cabin - night 95 mccaleb , asleep beside graciella , shift , wake as the boat tell he someone be walk on the deck above . a instant and then mccaleb roll out and down to he foot . as graciella wake , whisper ... graciella what 's wrong ? mccaleb ( whisper back ) someone 's up on deck . graciella Raymond ? mccaleb too heavy . graciella reach out , grip mccaleb 's arm . mccaleb it will be okay . go to he . as she roll out of bed , mccaleb start away . raymond 96 still asleep in he berth . mccaleb 's shadow pass by . 97 98 99 100 101 80 . salon 97 mccaleb retrieve he .38 , start for the forward hatch . as he clear , we see a shadow outside the salon door . ext . the following sea - forward hatch - night 98 open and mccaleb slip out . deck 99 as the shadow reach for the door handle , mccaleb drop down from above . the shadow be flatten . mccaleb haul whoever it be to he foot , slam he face first against the bulkhead . at the same time ... a second figure appear at the rail . figure # 2 freeze ! mccaleb fling figure # 1 into figure # 2 . there be two nearly simultaneous splashes as both go over the side . mccaleb grab a spotlight , shine it on the water . spot -lit water 100 spit almost as much water as they be tread -- arrango and Walters . arrango look up at mccaleb , furious , blood trickle down he forehead . arrango when this be over , it 's you and I , old man ! when this be over ! mccaleb consider he a beat , then ... mccaleb when what be over ? CUT to : ext . alley ( silverlake ) - dawn 101 running behind several small business at the edge of a neighborhood . Police line have be set up . it 's something big because a horde of media have arrive and two news chopper circle overhead . ( continued ) 101 102 81 . continued : 101 mccaleb arrive with a still - damp Walters and arrango . as they hustle he along , he 's spot by a reporter reporter mccaleb ! do you think this be over ?! as mccaleb wonder what he mean ... chain link fence 102 mccaleb near ; he can see that a corpse lie before it . he realize something . mccaleb fuck ... walter what ? mccaleb ( to himself ) this be where I have my heart attack . mccaleb stop short as a police photographer flash the fence . a crude banner have be hang . it 's cover with a series of bloody hand - paint number . " 903 472 568 " under that , the word : " dear mccaleb , happy Valentine 's Day . " mccaleb can not believe it . as the three of they step up ... arrango you code killer 's back in business . walter ( be : body ) it 's James lockeridge . the guy who find cordell at the a.t.m. machine . arrango Way to make a comeback , mccaleb . mccaleb do not answer . his head swim . suddenly , he wheel to where the crowd watch . a few dozen face . ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 106 82. continued : 102 then he start forward , he eye peel on they shoe . there ! second row back ! converse high -top ! but they do not run and they be not cover with blood . and as mccaleb grab a state college student by the throat and haul he out of the crowd ... reporter 103 Beyond , four cop restrain mccaleb . reporter ... former f.b.i. agent terrel mccaleb at a murder scene in silverlake . the victim may well be the eighth of the legendary code killer . if so , it would be the first in over two year . agent mccaleb be at the center of that investigation when it grip the southland ... mccaleb 104 wheel off to the side over by a trash pile . a big commotion stir up . without warning , mccaleb draw he 38 . arrango and walter 105 reacting , as ... mccaleb 106 fire . into a bundle of newspaper . he pull out a pocketknife , begin to dig the slug out of the wadding . as arrango and Walters near , he 's hand they the slug . mccaleb ballistics . it 'il match the slug find in bolotov 's mouth . it 's the code killer for all of it . graciella Rivers , James cordell , bolotov , all of it ... arrango talk fuck English , man . ( continued ) 106 107 83 . continued : 106 mccaleb I shot he . two year ago . and now I be back and so be he . CUT to : int . lapd west valley division - interview room - day 107 mccaleb , patience strapped , face off across from arrango , Walters , a police captain and two other detective . mccaleb look , every second you talk to I , be one you could use to canvas the neighborhood , look for this sonuvabitch . arrango do not worry , pop , we get plenty of guy on that . mccaleb you be right . we get a much better chance break this with you in here off the street . arrango fuck you , bureau man . captain enough on that , detective ! arrango ( glaring at mccaleb ) yes , sir . captain mccaleb , this code killer like to impress you . any idea why ? mccaleb I have a media profile . so do he . I think he like the match up . I versus he . on the news every night . captain I think once this guy start , they do not stop . but you codie 's be down for two year . what do you make of it ? ( continued ) 107 108 84 . continued : 107 mccaleb to be honest , Captain , I shot he . I always figure he crawle off somewhere and die . captain what do the number mean ? mccaleb do not know . we run it through computer up at Cal . we talk to code- breaker at the n.s.a . it do not mean anything to anyone but he . except ... captain except what ? mccaleb there 's no digit one . no one . whatever that mean . as mccaleb start to drift in think ... captain cop to cop . what 's go on here ? mccaleb cordell . gloria torres . he do they for I . captain keep talk till I understand . mccaleb he miss the action . I and he . to get it back , I need a new heart . so ... happy Valentine 's Day . captain Holy shit ... mccaleb and now the love letter be go to start hot and heavy . CUT to : ext . dock ( san pedro ) - day 108 a detective 's unmark pull up . Walters and arrango be up front . mccaleb get out of the back . as he start away , arrango talk after he . ( continued ) 108 109 110 111 112 85 . continued : 108 arrango know what , pop ? you get graciella Rivers 's heart . that make you suspect number one in my book . mccaleb do not respond , just keep walk . arrango and Walters pull away . CUT to : int . the following sea - salon - day 109 mccaleb enter . mccaleb graciella ? Raymond ? they be go . mccaleb head to the galley , chuck down a dozen pill , swig they down with a gulp of orange juice . from somewhere , blue harmonica . ext . the following sea - salon door - day 110 mccaleb lean out . the music 's come from the double down . he ’1ll talk to buddy . but as he start , he remember something . cork board 111 mccaleb pull buddy 's check off the board . he can not help but see the code killer 's code at the same time . CUT to : ext . double down - day 112 the music 's come from inside . mccaleb approach . mccaleb hey , buddy ! buddy I be in here , Terry . 113 86 . int . double down - day 113 as messy inside as it be out . buddy lay out ona cushion play he harmonica . he grin as mccaleb step inside . buddy welcome to davey Jones 's locker . as mccaleb glance about ... mccaleb do you see graciella and Raymond this morning ? buddy get tired of wait for you . they leave a hour ago . you be all over the news , brother . mccaleb pick up a cheap , bead necklace from a tray of trinket . look it over . mccaleb how long have we be neighbor , buddy ? buddy I move into the marina a week after you do , remember ? mccaleb yeah . take off you shirt , buddy . buddy what ? mccaleb raise he .38 , cock back the hammer . mccaleb do it . a little smile from buddy . then he pull off he T - shirt . mccaleb let I see it . buddy half -turn . on he leave shoulder : the scar from a bullet wound . buddy ( laugh ) I be the follow Sea , man . the one you need to watch out for . when do you figure it out ? ( continued ) 113 87 . continued : 113 mccaleb just now . no one ... mccaleb hold out buddy 's check . jasper noone . a slash through the noone : " no / one " buddy the serial killer smile , proud of mccaleb . buddy I could have kill you if I want to , Terry . I be behind you at the a.t.m . I follow you to sherman market . just like I follow gloria torres . mccaleb you sick sonuvabitch . buddy I study she , choose she . she be my Valentine to you . I give you life . mccaleb set the necklace down with the trinket . God know where they come from . mccaleb step forward , aim the gun directly at buddy 's head . he do not have to say anything ; he 's go to shoot he . buddy you be mine forever , Terry . every breath you take belong to I . every beat of that steal heart be the echo of my voice in you head . every day ... mccaleb rest the barrel on buddy 's forehead . buddy ... always ... mccaleb cock back the hammer . buddy it all depend on you now . pull the trigger and you 's 1ll never see they again . mccaleb what ? buddy 's eye flicker to the leave . mccaleb follow they to Raymond 's fishing pole . ( continued ) 113 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 113 mccaleb ( in doubt ) you have a fishing pole . it 's nothing . buddy kill I and no one will find they . they die alone in a black hole and that 's on you ... you know I . you know I have they . a beat . mccaleb set back the hammer , lower the gun . mccaleb what do you want ? buddy ( stand ) I want you to live . I want I to live . I want it all to start again . the battle between good and evil . can not you see I have be watch over you ? take care of you ? we be mean to be , Terry . buddy pocket the harmonica and pick up he car key . mccaleb do not know what to do . buddy I have to leave now . and you will not follow . you 'il stay by the pay phone and I x11 call you from time to time . when I be relocate and ready , I x11 let graciella and Raymond go . then you and I start again . buddy smile sadly at mccaleb . buddy I hope you think of I as often as I ’1l1 think of you . buddy turn , start to go . mccaleb watch a beat . then , without warning , he raise the .38 and fire . buddy go down in a heap , half inside , and half out . he twist a look up as mccaleb loom . buddy you be crazy ! buddy 's be shot through the lower leave bicep . he look aghast as the blood pulse from the wound . ( continued ) 113 114 115 89 . continued : ( 3 ) 113 buddy call a ambulance . mccaleb look at he , see the converse high - top he wear . mccaleb reach down , haul buddy to he foot . mccaleb show I where they be . buddy I gotta get to the hospital ! slam ! mccaleb fling buddy against the galley stove . mccaleb fish the belt off buddy 's jeans . loop it , he cinch it high up buddy 's leave arm , just below grab the armpit . he pull it taut , give buddy the end to hold . mccaleb that 'il pinch off the artery . you keep the pressure there , you will not bleed to death . mccaleb release he . mccaleb now . show I . buddy look down at he shattered arm . the bleed have stop . he look back to mccaleb , suddenly calm . buddy okay ... CUT to : ext . pacific ocean - day 114 the follow Sea make she way out through the chop . ext . the following sea - bridge - day 115 mccaleb be at the wheel , he .38 grip in he right hand . buddy lean against the rail , still hold the belt tight around the arm . where they be go be a mystery . ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 90 . continued : 115 buddy I know all about this boat . how it use to belong to you old man . how you grow up on catalina . everything . mccaleb do not answer . after a beat ... buddy you do not look so good , Terry . mccaleb offer buddy a grim smile . mccaleb neither do you , buddy . look ahead , mccaleb spot something . he raise a pair of binocular , take a quick look . binocular Pov 116 bob in the water -- a can buoy . bridge 117 buddy watch mccaleb , but the binocular come down too quick for he to make a move . mccaleb adjust course for the buoy . buddy do you really think you have a chance ? mccaleb look over , but do not answer . buddy I mean , with she . do you really think she could love you ? her sister die for you , Terry . that 's gonna be a tough one for she to get around . mccaleb be not go to bite . he look ahead , increase speed . as buddy smile ... CUT to : ext . ocean - can buoy - day 118 a large can with a padlock hatch . there 's a cage tower and light build atop it . b.g. , the follow Sea approach . 119 91 . ext . the following sea - bridge - day 119 mccaleb throttles back as he near the buoy . he then look over at buddy . mccaleb scratch you nose and I x11 shoot it off . move with mccaleb as he move down the ladder to the deck rail . use a gaff hook he latch onto the buoy , tie off to it with a deck line . there 's a padlock hatch on the can . mccaleb give the lock a tug , bang on the can with the muzzle of the .38 . mccaleb graciella ! Raymond ! a horrible beat go by . then a muffled bang and a faint response . graciella ( v.0o . ) mccaleb ! mccaleb look back to the bridge at buddy . mccaleb ( be : padlock ) Key . buddy reach into he pocket , pull out he key . before mccaleb can move , buddy toss they . they seem like they be go overboard when -- -- mccaleb catch they . he give a look that could kill , then start at the lock . one , two , and then the third key ... click . mccaleb pull off the lock , throw back the hatch . mccaleb graciella ! graciella ( v.0o . ) mccaleb ... climb up a inside ladder , graciella appear . half - way out , she throw a arm around he . mccaleb Raymond ? ( continued ) 92 . 119 continued : 119 graciella he 's down here . he 's okay . mccaleb look back up to the bridge : buddy be nowhere to be see . a beat . mccaleb look back at graciella . mccaleb stay here . graciella what be it ? mccaleb buddy 's on the boat . stay here . mccaleb look at she a beat , then unty the line . he give she the gaff hook , then shove off from the buoy . as he turn to survey he boat ... graciella mccaleb ? mccaleb . mccaleb look back . they lock eye . mccaleb it ’1ll be okay . graciella nod , believe he . CUT to : 120 ext . bow pulpit - day 120 mccaleb step up , look to either side of the boat . no buddy lurking on the side . mccaleb climb over and onto the bridge . he 's not hide beneath the wheel either . CUT to : 121 ladder 121 as mccaleb 's foot come down . 122 salon sliding door 122 mccaleb pause at the half - open door , a bloody hand print on the glass . mccaleb 's about to ease he way through when he hesitates . ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 126 127 93 . continued : 122 he swallow hard , rub he leave arm . and he heart begin to pound . mccaleb take several deep breath , quell the beat away out of sheer will . finally , he enter . int . the following sea - salon - day 123 no sign of buddy . mccaleb lean back to see behind the galley bench ... nothing . he look over into the galley ... the knife block ... a blade be miss ... a bloody thumb print on the wood . lead with the .38 , mccaleb continue . int . gangway - day 124 mccaleb move along . the first door be open . mccaleb peek in on the stateroom where Raymond sleep . it 's empty . mccaleb move along . CUT to : close on buddy 's eye 125 gleaming . a slash of light across they . but we can not tell whether he 's watch or wait . CUT back to : int . gangway - day 126 mccaleb step to the door to he own cabin . there 's blood on the handle ... with the .38 poise , mccaleb grab the knob , turn it . but as he lean in ... locker door 127 behind he explode as buddy burst out . he slam into mccaleb 's back , send he sprawling into he cabin . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 131 132 94 . continued : 127 buddy slam the door behind he , go about wedge it shut against the bulkhead with a oxygen tank from the locker . int . cabin 128 mccaleb shake he head once to clear it , roll and fire at the wall . int . gangway - day 129 buddy hit the deck as three bullet stitch through the wall . get to he foot , he scramble off , he oxygen tank wedge in place . int . cabin - day 130 mccaleb get to he foot , try the door , then slam up against it . once , twice ... it will not budge . mccaleb stop to catch he breath , he heart pound . then , almost as if he sense it , he look up . mccaleb 's Pov - hatch 131 a small ventilation hatch . buddy stand over it on deck , look down at mccaleb , the end of the belt / tourniquet hold between he smile tooth . he dive out of sight as ... mccaleb 132 fire ! mccaleb then listen a beat . it 's quiet except for the low throttle of the diesel . suddenly , the engine revs up and mccaleb almost fall as the boat lurch forward . buddy 's move the boat . buddy ( v.o. ) you make I sad , Terry ! you make I very sad ! but two can play at that game ! mccaleb grit he tooth , slam himself into the door . two life depend on it . 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 95 . ext . the following sea - day 133 a bloody buddy at the wheel , the kitchen knife tuck in he belt . the buoy be 100 yard ahead . graciella and Raymond cling to the cage . graciella mccaleb ! mccaleb ! int . cabin - day 134 mccaleb turn himself into a human batter ram . splinter form . he clutches he heart -- that hurt . then : one final attack . int . gangway - day 135 the tank drop as the door come apart . mccaleb stumble against the bulkhead , then take off . ext . salon door - day 136 mccaleb fly out , turn , the .38 raise toward the wheel . but buddy be not there , even the boat 's head forward at about ten knot . mccaleb turn at a scream . ext . can buoy - day 137 behind the follow Sea and get smaller all the time . buddy swim there . graciella beat at he with the gaff hook and try to pull himself a top the can . ext . the following sea - day 138 mccaleb scramble up the ladder , turn the wheel hard over . as the boat come about ... ext . can buoy - day 139 buddy grab graciella , fling she into the water . as Raymond try to go after she , buddy grab hold of he . ext . the following sea - day 140 mccaleb reverse the prop as he nose up to the buoy . brace against the swell of the sea , he aim the .38 . 141 142 143 144 96 . buddy 141 hold Raymond in front of he , the kitchen knife up under the boy 's throat . there 's no delicate way to put it : the belt be go and buddy be bleed like a pig . buddy everyday . always . his grip on the knife tighten . mccaleb 142 as the bow of the follow Sea scrape against the buoy . mccaleb ( under he breath ) ten ring ... boom ! he fire . buddy 143 blink as the knife slip from he hand . he 's be shot through the heart . Raymond scramble to graciella who 's pull herself back onto the can . the following sea 144 buddy fall forward , grip the rail of the boat . mccaleb step forward . the two man be nearly face to face . buddy ( a whisper ) I save you . I give you life . mccaleb no , no , no . I trade you for I . I save myself . with that , mccaleb cover buddy 's face with he hand and shove he into the water . buddy take one gulp , then sink under the surface . mccaleb grip the cage as graciella pass Raymond over , then scramble aboard herself . mccaleb wrap he arm around they . ( continued ) 144 145 97 . continued : 144 mccaleb it 's over . he will not hurt anybody ever again . dissolve to : ext . dock ( san pedro ) - day 145 the follow Sea have just dock . mccaleb stand on the dock , tie off a final line . he look up as jaye Winston walk over . jaye great timing . I just come down here to see you . jaye stop short as she see mccaleb look like he just get back from World War III . jaye be you okay ? mccaleb have not feel this good in year . ( stand ) what can I do for you , jaye ? jaye I 'il give you three guess . they all start with code killer . mccaleb and ? jaye I think I have pick you brain . where do you think he be ? mccaleb in the wind I guess . jaye study he a moment . she then look to the follow Sea . through the salon door , she can see graciella hold Raymond . they have be through the wringer . jaye the two of they okay ? ( continued ) 145 continued : mccaleb they will be if everyone leave they alone . the best thing that could happen to they be if this code killer just disappear . jaye I do not know . the wind do not blow forever . he 's get to come down some time . mccaleb look away from she and out to the sea . follow he gaze . mccaleb hope so . jaye 's not stupid ; she know something . jaye there 's blood all over the dock back there . and on you shirt . 98. 145 jaye the two of they look at each other again and in that moment , a silent transmission and understanding . jaye must have be a big fish . finally , jaye look back to graciella and Raymond . she nod , jaye it 's none of my business , but how be you go to deal with this ? mccaleb I have gloria torres 's heart . I be think it might guide I . squeeze mccaleb 's hand . jaye hope I do not see you around , mccaleb . mccaleb likewise , detective Winston . jaye ' bye . as she start away , mccaleb look back to graciella . dissolve to : 146 147 148 149 99 . ext . the following sea - bow 146 cut across the low swell . mccaleb up on the bridge brace against the wheel . look hard and healthy against the wind . just when we think he 's all alone ... he look over he shoulder to ... cockpit 147 Raymond sit in the fight chair , he small hand grip the trolling set . bridge 148 graciella come up the ladder , hand mccaleb a steaming cup of coffee . they both look back at Raymond . mccaleb if I could will a big black marlin onto that line I would . graciella smile at mccaleb , slide a arm around he waist . graciella there 's go to be plenty of time to catch fish . as he smile at she ... cockpit 149 the line go taut . raymond I get one ! I get one ! a huge grin on the boy 's face and ... freeze frame . fade out . the end