" blood diamond " by Edward Zwick & Marshall herskovitz draft July 27 , 2005 be these word appear : " sierra leone , 1999 " int . - a hut - before dawn a man' hand , hardwork , rough , light twig under a kettle . predawn light trickle through the tin wall onto well wear farming tool ...hoe , pick , axe , a yoke for a ox . animist totem and charm hang . we be in a typical mende farmer' hut . except for the english schoolbooks on a shelf . the hand that light the kettle take the book off the shelf and gently nudge a 14 - year - old boy awake with they . the boy , dia be he name , groan in sleepy protest . solomon vandy smile down at he son . solomon ( in mende ; subtitle ) do not want to be late . the boy sit up , half asleep . sleepily pull a shirt over he head . his English be more school than he father 's . dia ( in mende ; subtitle ) English boy go to school every day ? Solomon fill a tin cup of powder milk . he be a man mark by quiet patience , in the wear trousers and white cotton shirt of a mende farmer . he hand the cup to the boy . solomon {in mende ; subtitle ) yes , they do . dia ( in mende ; subtitle ) not every day . solomon ( in mende ; subtitle ) every day . just like you . so you can become a doctor . not walk behind a ox like you father . the boy catch he mother 's eye as she breast - feed he infant brother , his twelve - year old sister , n'yanda , snuggle with they . she stick she tongue out at she brother . solomon ( cont 'd ) do not worry . she will be join you next year . jassie send both she man a kiss as they head out . jassie ( in mende , subtitle ) be careful on the road . Solomon give he wife a " I know " look . ext . hut - village - continuous 2 Solomon and dia emerge into the early light . they hut be in a hamlet amidst cassava patch eek out of the jungle . dia do not want to be a doctor . ( off Solomon 's look ) I want to be President . Solomon put he arm around he . they head into the field . credit over solomon as he work in the field . it be a timeless 3 picture . one of pastoral beauty and simplicity . at noontime , jassie and n'yanda gring lunch . they sit in 4 the shade of a huge beobob tree . dia return home , carrying he schoolbooks . now he work 5 beside he father . the SUN be already low as they return to the village 6 credit end Solomon stand stock still , sense something ... a few chicken flit away without crow . the oxen be skittish . solomon go back inside ... now ! dia be confuse . Solomon push he into the hut as grin teenage rebel appear . one wear a tupac t-shirt . he rake everything with AK - 47 FIRE . huts. animal . people . Solomon dive to the ground . villager run scream . chicken squawk , oxen bray . a rumble . two mud-splatter pick - up truck with saw - off roof crash through the brush , full of r.u.f . rebel , who quickly jump off -- shouting , wield machete and automatic rifle , bandolier of ammo criss -cross on they bare chest , grenade on they belt . Solomon cower amidst the gunfire , look around frantically . Men and boy be be round up . hut set on fire . suddenly he be yank up as two rebel pull he away -- jassie exit they hut , infant in she arm , mad with fear ~- jassie Solomon ! he shout back . only one word . solomon run ! she do not . she just stand there scream he name . now Solomon 's son and daughter come out of the hut . dia papa ! Solomon , the rifle choke he , as he 's drag away . solomon run ! jassie grab she son 's arm . he resist , stare in anguish at he father . but she tug at he . and with the two young child in tow , they join other . running . Solomon watch they disappear into the bush . in the next moment he 's round up with the other male . only a few able-body among they . most be old , skinny man and terrify boy . rebel prod they with rifle , make they form a line . all under the watchful sunglass of a R.U.F. colonel . the first villager be shove to he knee in front of a tree stump . a muscle-bound , shirtless rebel with a gleam axe strut over , he eye glaze from palm wine and marijuana . a second rebel grab the village man 's hand and place it on the stump . the man pull he hand away . tupac t-shirt put the ak - 47 to he head . the choice be clear . you head or you hand . the villager try to scramble away . rat -a-tat ! bullet through he head . the choice be make for he . the next man in line be make to kneel at the stump . tupac t-shirt Long sleeve or short sleeve ? the other stone rebel find this hilarious . on solomon , witness he mutilation as terrify wail rise around he . the discard limb be throw into a bag . the next in line , a strong young man , be push to the stump . 10 r.u.f . colonel not he . he can work . the strong young man be herde into a wait truck . next come a old man . shake , he offer he withere hand . on solomon . the '' crunch " of the axe bore into he soul . the old man be lift to he foot in clinical shock . both he forearm end in bloody stump . R.U.F. colonel ( cont 'd ) you be the messenger . spread the word . guv'ment say da future be in you hand ? we say R.U.F. be da future . Revolution be at hand . Solomon be next . he close he eye as he hand be place on the tree stump slick with blood . the Colonel look he over . motion the henchmen to stop . r.u. f. colonel you will need you hand . Solomon be herde into the truck . ext . sierra leone -- ( see from above ) 8 a seaplane soar above the bush . at the stick , danny archer . he have see more in he thirty year than most people have see in a lifetime of watch bad television . he scan the landscape then dip toward the estuary of a broad river , eventually splash to a stop . nearby , on the sandy bank 9 sitting in a lawn chair be commander rambo , a twenty year - old R.U.F. fighter with a goatee , wrap -around sunglass , and a Bob marley t-shirt . array behind he , several bodyguard cradle automatic weapon while eat m&m' . a huge boom BOX throbs out tupac 's " if I die 2 nite . '' int . cockpit 10 fawaz , a thin lebanese man , sit beside archer and eye the rebel wait on the riverbank . murmur a prayer in Arabic . archer say one for I , my friend . archer close he eye for a moment , then check the clip on he 'mm sig - sauer before tucking it into he belt and pull he shirt - tail over it . take a deep breath . 11 ext . on shore 11 archer wade in and approach the group . imagine teenager on a corner in bed - sty carry AK - 47' . they menace be palpable even as they laugh and pass around a big spliff . archer you be Colonel Zero ? commander rambo I be Commander rambo . archer what happen to Colonel Zero ? no response . a few of the rebel giggle . commander rambo he be not commit to the revolution . you be here to help we in we struggle against the oppressor . archer I be here to do business . they eye each other in silence . archer ( cont 'd ) you have something for I . commander rambo first you will show I what you have bring . archer no . first you will pay for they . rambo look at he with dead eye . archer look back with eye equally dead . a nasty stand -off . until rambo hand he a small , filthy cloth sack . archer tip a few rough diamond into he hand . archer ( cont 'd ) ( in krio ; subtitle ) this be not what be agree . comander rambo ( in krio ; subtitle ) maybe I will take the weapon and give you nothing . archer close he eye again , look back at the seaplane . the cargo door slide OPEN , revealing the muzzle of a m - 130 assault weapon . fawaz rack its slide . in response , the rebel slide the bolt on they weapon . 11 a 12 13 archer ( in krio ; subtitle ) maybe I will just do my business with the government . at least the oppressor pay he bill . he turn and start back toward the plane . commander rambo wait ... wait ... rambo smile as if it have all be a joke . he reach into a rusty coffee can and pull out a huge handful of diamond . commander rambo ( cont 'd ) this be what you want ? here ... so many , I do not know what to do with they all . he gesture for archer to hold out he hand and pour hima handful . commander you bring a satellite dish next time , yah ? I want to watch nypd Blue . moment later 11a as the seaplane take off , we see the rebel unload crate of rpgs with ukranian marking . int . plane 12 fawaz gleefully examine they haul . pawaz I be buy a electronics store . sit on my ass all day , drink sweet tea and watch dvd 's . how about it , Danny ? archer close he eye for a moment . he be free . archer fly the plane . ext . diamond field - sierra leone - day 13 a open pit alluvial mine carve beside a jungle river . Men and boy toil knee deep in muddy water . they dig with they hand , shoveling silt into wooden trough . all under the watchful eye and gun of r.u.f . rebel who stand on the bank pass a fat joint roll in newspaper . meanwhile , they leader -- captain poison -- spout twisted revolutionary dogma to the digger : captain poison the freetown guv-a- ment and they white master have rape you land to feed they greed ! we have freed you ! no more slave and master here ! we be all brother ! Solomon , he back strain under the weight of a circular sieve , pause to wipe sweat from he eye . he 's prodd with a rifle , look up into the fierce face of Captain poison . captain poison ( cont 'd ) back to work ! you work be you liberation ! work harder ! dig harder ! Solomon turn back to he sieve . another digger , peer into he sieve , pluck something out , hold it up in he hand . digger kunaa ! all work stop . a rebel come over . the digger hand he the tiny , milky crystal . a diamond . without a word , the Commander wrap the stone in a piece of paper . as work resume , Solomon watch the piece of paper hand off to a runner , who run it over to the same commander , who sit under the shade of a palm frond umbrella read a hustler magazine . he stuff the diamond into he shirt pocket without even look at it . across from Solomon , a 3rd digger glance around . furtively pick a stone from the sieve and slip it into he mouth . he meet Solomon 's eye . Solomon look away , keep work . when he become aware of Captain poison 's eye on he . Solomon try to shake off the eye by shaking the sieve . Captain poison remain stare at he , intently . then , calmly walk over to the 3rd digger with the diamond in he mouth . and shoot he , at point blank range . everything stop . poison turn back to Solomon . captain poison you . bring he out . Solomon put down he sieve . look at the body float next to he , turn the muddy water red ... solomon ( v.o. ) dear jassie . I can not write well enough to put in a letter all the thought in my head . 14 15 16 17 18 19 ext . R.U.F. diamond camp - sunset 14 Solomon devour a meager portion of rice gruel in a tin cup . other sleep in they fetid clothes on the ground . solomon ( v.o. ) even if I could , my guard would not let I send it . ext . diamond camp - night 15 Solomon sit shiver , look out at the guard on watch . Beyond , a light tent where rebel drink and shout back at a satellite tv play , " who want to be a millionaire . '' solomon ( v.o. ) I do not know where you be . I do not even know where I be . ext . somewhere in the bintumani foothills 16 jassie and the child be among a group of homeless mende . dia carry the infant . hear truck come , they scatter into the bush . a r.u.f convoy roar past . after a moment , they return to the road . solomon ( v.0o . ) I only know that my thought fly over the mountain to you . ext . bed of grass ~ night 17 Solomon lay there . eye open in a live nightmare . solomon ( v.0o . ) I will find you , jassie . i£ it take my whole life . we will be together . ext . mountain - day 18 a high pass . misty peak in the distance . a brilliant red shape come into view - the bright headdress of a hausa shepherd . he carry a spear as he lead a herd of goat , bell clinking around they neck . pick up the rear be archer , check a handheld gps . his satellite phone buzze ... archer we be two click from the strip . what have you get ? ext / int . twin engine turbo prop - flying - same 19 pilote by fawaz . he speak into he sat phone , worriedly look down on the dense jungle canopy . 20 fawaz ... company . ext . mountain ~ same 20 sure enough , over the hill , come a armed patrol of ecomog soldier . the troop leader approach archer . troop leader paper . archer fish out identification . hand it over . archer elliot Smith , National geographic . troop leader you be crossing into Liberia . archer I have a letter from the Minister of Interior and a liberian visa as well . ( as the Captain study the papers ) do a story on the hausa who , as you know , be allow to cross the border to get to graze grounds . up above , the tiny plane drone past . the troop leader glance up , then at archer , who courteously offer a unopen pack of cigarettes from he shirt pocket . archer ( cont 'd ) ever read National geographic ? the troop leader ignore he , walk over toa goat and run he hand down the goat 's back , under its chin . his hand part a tuft of hair -- revealing a surgically straight line of stitch in the goat 's skin . archer feel the shape of the 9 mm under he shirt , look around at the rifle . too many of they . the troop leader take out a knife and cut into the stitches . the goat squeal a little and kick angrily . from under the goat 's skin , he take a dozen small , rough diamond . the troop leader draw he - 45 on archer . troop leader you be under arrest for smuggle . archer now you listen here , my man . JI ama good friend of Minister somora . he will not be pleased you have interfered with he business . 21 10 . clearly the name of Minister somora carry some weight . archer ( cont 'd ) you know who I be , do not you ? what iam ...? I do not think you want to mess with I . or my friend , eh? ( change he tack ) how about I just look the other way and you pocket one or two of that stone . buy something nice for the wife . or maybe the mistress , eh ? ( be the shepherd ) who 's go to tell ? they ? the shepherd look , uncertain , from archer to the soldier . troop leader no . the troop leader fire . one of the shepherd fall dead . the other be cut down as he try to flee . the leader frown at archer , whose world have suddenly turn upside down . troop leader ( cont 'd ) we will go back to freetown and ask Minister somora how he wish to thank he business associate . int . a anonymous room -- day 21 archer be handcuff to a chair . a large , rotund figure enter , silhouett against the bright window . archer Mr. Minister , there seem to have be a terrible misunderst -- somora backhand he . archer 's head rock backwards . minister somora I think we be friend , archer you be right , you be right ... I take a little initiative but -- another slap . minister somora have I not be good to you ? archer ( lick he split lip ) absolutely . and I be plan to cut you in . have not I always be -- 22 will . this slap knock archer 's chair backwards to the cement . he lie there for a moment . somora loom over he . archer ( cont 'd ) look ... if you want to kill I , you would have do it already . so what be it you want I to do ? somora smile . one of he tooth have a tiny diamond . int . the UNITED nation - new york - day 22 the secretary general of the UN address a a full assembly . secretary general we propose then to prohibit the direct or indirect import of all rough diamond from conflict zone to the territory of member States . he look at the front row where two men in saville row suit sit among the Representatives . one be sandy -haire , 40 , he name be simmon . he serve a distinguished - look older man , 60 , with a shock of white hair . his name be do wente . secretary general ( cont 'd ) as we know , this stone be only a small percentage of the legitimate diamond industry -- whose trade be crucial to the economy of several emerge nation , and I applaud they support of such a ban . the well - dress diamond industry rep smile back . later - champagne be serve 23 in a reception hall . the diamond industry reps and wive mingle with UN member and other dignitaries . US ambassador WALKER approach De wente , hold out he hand . ambassador WALKER mister De wente ... judd Walker -- do wente ambassador . good to finally meet you . ambassador WALKER you do not spend much time this side of the Atlantic . do wente I be hope to change that . perhaps with you help . 24 12 . ambassador WALKER Mr. De wente , I be afraid I do not have much faith in any industry 's ability to police itself . do wente I assure you , sir , we both want the same thing . this ' conflict ' stone put the legitimacy of we entire business at risk . De wente 's young blonde wife appear at he side . it 's hard to decide which be more beautiful , the woman or the two - million - dollar diamond necklace she 's wear . do wente ( cont 'd ) darling ... this be ambassador Walker . do wente's wife how nice to meet you . do wente ( he arm around she ) it 's my belief , ambassador , that diamond should be associate with romance and beauty . not warfare . do not you agree ? how can the ambassador not be dazzle ? from the glitter diamond , we cut to : ext . diamond field - pit - day 24 Solomon work in the muddy water , he eye transfix by the sparkling reflection of the river and the sway tree that seem so unaffected by the brutality beneath . solomon ( v.0o . ) dear jassie . how can it be that one stone be worth more than another ? Solomon will himself back to the soul- kill work . suddenly , a water pump break -- gush like a fire hose -- knock over Solomon and several digger . Solomon 's sieve be sweep down river . he swim after the sieve . grab it , sloshing he way back , when he stop ... there , underwater , by the riverbank , be something shiny enough to reflect the sun . as the silt wash away , the object remain underwater . a rock of a startling pink color . Solomon blink down at it . the diamond sparkles up at he . 25 26 13 . solomon ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and how can a thing that come from we mother the earth be so beautiful as to make people want to kill ? Solomon look around . rebel guard be fix the pump , shouting at digger to get back to work . Solomon scoops the diamond into he sieve , cover it with silt . his heart be pound as he wade back to the bank . rebel guard you daydream ? get back to work ! Solomon nod . quickly submerges he silt-heape sieve . ext . underneath the muddy water - continuous 25 Solomon overturn the sieve . his bare foot catch the diamond . ext . above the water - same 26 Solomon raise he hand to get the guard ' attention . he clutches he abdomen , painfully . solomon I must go badly . ( plead ) can not hold it in , boss . the guard motion he out . Solomon climb out , slide he second foot carefully . he shuffles to the edge of the jungle . captain poison stop . Solomon freeze . poison search Solomon . start with he hair , he ear , nose . squeeze he cheek to see into he mouth . frisk he pants , unrol he cuff . captain poison ( cont 'd ) lift you foot . Solomon lift he right foot . they check between he toe . captain poison ( cont 'd ) the other . Solomon , look into poison 's eye , lift he leave foot . poison check between the toe . satisfied . captain poison ( cont 'd ) make it quick . close on solomon ’'s foot , as he lower it . the toe curl into the soft muddy earth , obviously retrieve something . 27 28 29 14 . ext . edge of jungle - moment later 27 as Solomon squat behind a fall tree , he eye the guard through the broad leave . quickly , he toe release the muddy gob under he foot . he rub the mud off it . it 's raw beauty be almost unnatural . he glance back to make sure he be unobserve and then rip the cuff off he pants . a click at he head . Solomon slowly look up ... into the barrel of a colt .45 . captain poison give it to I . Solomon do not move . what difference do it make ? he. await the crack of the gun , when : a mortar round come scream out of the jungle . the explosion knock Solomon to the ground . more mortar . ecomog government troops appear , fire automatic weapon . Solomon scramble over to poison 's bleed body , remove the machete from the belt . as shrapnel shred the greenery , he furiously dig with the machete . wrap the diamond in he torn GREEN cuff and plant it in the hole . when he be struck in the head by a rifle butt . he fall . ecomog soldier be shouting at he in mende . Solomon realize he still hold the machete , let it drop . solomon do not shoot ! I be not r.u.f ! around he ecomog soldier beat the rebel prisoner with stick -- in the distance , other be execute at random . ext . freetown - day 28 a convoy of military truck roll through teeming street . woman walk with basket on they head , tribal bell jingling around they ankle . " businessman " in white suit sip coca - colas outside a hotel . a UN helicopter circle overhead . ext . back of a military truck - same 23 Solomon sit chain to other rebel prisoner . he 's never be to a city , never see so many people . it 's overwhelming . 30 be . he stare at the beggar who run alongside . War orphan , the same age as he own son . he search every face int . freetown prison ( pademba road ) -- day 30 archer look up from a game of solitaire as rebel prisoner be march past he dank cell . rebel # 1 R.U.F. be come ! operation chop hand ! get ready , my brother ! archer turn he attention back to he game as the cell door next to he be open and Solomon be throw in . solomon I be not r.u.f . my name be Solomon vandy ! I ama farmer ! archer assess he . Solomon give he a hard stare . more prisoner be bring in , one carry on a stretcher . a bandage cover half he face . but when he turn he head , we see that it 's Captain poison . Solomon turn away . poison lift he head , squinting through the cell bar . captain poison what do you do with it ? Solomon do not acknowledge poison . captain poison ( cont 'd ) I be talk to you ! you hear I !? where be the diamond !? archer prick up he ear , but go on play solitaire . captain poison ( cont 'd ) a pink diamond . I see you take it !! archer 's hand , flipping over a card , stop . listen intently now but careful not to show it . solomon you be mad . I do not know you . captain poison I see it with my own eye !! poison reach into he sweat stain shirt , a ivory charm from around he neck . hold it up for all to see . captain poison ( cont 'd ) this big ! biggest I have ever see !! Solomon just shake he head , absurdly . 31 16 . but archer' eye ... be on the ivory charm , even as he keep play solitaire . poison call to the guard . captain poison ( cont 'd ) I will give a thousand dollar to the man who cut it out of he ! this word do something to Solomon . he stand and rip off he shirt . then he tear pants . everything . until he stand completely naked , face Captain poison through the bar . solomon where be a diamond ? do you see a diamond !? you devil have take my family . my home . everything ! here ! look ! what be leave !? what be leave !? if there be a diamond , then you be the one who have take it !! poison lift he upper body from the stretcher . captain poison liar ! he 's a liar ! the army guard have have enough . they silence poison with a rifle butt to the face . as they drag he away , they give Solomon a '' get my eye on you , too " glare . archer lay out a new hand of solitaire . his eye move to Solomon , then away . he 's hear all he have to . Solomon begin put he clothes back on . the fury still in he eye . through the bar , he give archer a final glare . archer turn away , just keep play card . but then ... ever so carefully ... he pick out the ace of diamond . fold it in half . he get up and go to he cell door . wait until a prison guard pass by . archer Excuse I , brother . think you could get a message to Minister somora ? the prison guard see the pack of cigarettes - and the fold card - that archer hold through the bar . ext . prison gate -~ next day 31 archer walk out into the street , blink in the sunlight . across the STREET - the same scene be observe in the rearview mirror of a park car by a man with a reddish crewcut . his name be joost . fawaz appear and hand archer he hat . 17 . fawaz how on earth do you get they to let you go ? archer there 's a farmer in there . he might have find a pink . fawaz and what ? you tell somora you would get hold of it ? archer I need to contact we friend in London . fawaz I think we be work for somora . archer who need somora if the pink be real ? archer can tell that fawaz be hold something back . archer ( cont 'd ) ~- what ? fawaz London want nothing more to do with you . fawaz hand he a newspaper clipping . archer ( read ) " the arrest in Sierra leone on June one of Daniel archer , former mercenary and smuggler with tie to the De wente diamond cartel highlight the trafficking problem blah blah blah ... " ( crumple it ) Fucking hell . he start off down the street , call over he shoulder . archer ( cont 'd ) his name be Solomon something ... mortgage the plane if you have to -- just get he out . 32 int . a shabby room in a apartment HOTEL -- day 32 dripping wet from a shower , archer be work the phone . 33 34 35 18 . archer ( on the phone ) see well , can you tell Mr. De wente Danny archer call ?..... archer . a...r ... jump CUT -- later -- another call archer smoke he tenth cigarette . archer ( cont 'd ) {on the phone ) what time do he say he would be back ? jump CUT -~ later -- another call archer pound he fist into a wall . archer ( cont 'd ) yes , he definitely know what this be in regard to ........ yes .... yes ......... I have be hold .... in frustration , he throw the phone across the room . ext . freetown STREET -- day 33 archer leave the shabby hotel , have change clothes . he be mobbed by the inevitable swarm of beggar who call he by name .... " ° arrr-cherrr , arrr-cherr . " archer piss off . he push he way past without a trace of compassion . meanwhile -- the door to archer' HOTEL room be kicked OPEN 34 joost , the man we see surveilling archer , enter and begin to search the room , he be professional and brutal -- rip apart bedding , smash the phone machine , even slitting the carpet into thin strip with a razor blade . it be clear he be look for something quite small . ext . beach bar -- day 35 every war zone have a place like this . Soldiers , smuggler , opportunist of every stripe stand shoulder to shoulder at a oo bar . bad guy and do - gooder , UN worker and eco - backpacker drink overpriced , water - down liquor , trade gossip , and hook up for desperate expatriate sex . " Sierra afrique " blend African drum and electric bass . every now and then , in the distant hill , the mute SOUND of a explosion and a rise column of smoke . no one pay any attention . there be serious drink to be do . 19 . as archer shoulder he way past , we overhear brief snippet of conversation . a nigerian peacekeeper hit on a tipsy blond Red Cross Worker . peacekeeper this place be nothing but hustler and doper . I will take you back to Nigeria . show you the real Africa . red cross worker be that so ? he whisper in she ear and she giggle . next to they , two suit from the Chemical Bank : suit # 1 ~- fifty thousand in cash . and that 's just to get a meeting with he . suit # 2 the only difference between the crook who run the country and the r.u.f .-- the african bartender ( m'ed ) serve they drink . african bartender ( m'ed ) -- be fifty mile . Word on de street dey take marampa yesterday . he point up into the hill where another explosion rise . african bartender ( m'ed ) ( cont 'd ) time to reconfirm dose flight reservation , maybe . archer approach the bar . his arrival be cause for several whisper remark among that in the know . african bartender ( m'ed ) ( cont 'd ) how de body , Mr. archer ? archer every day above ground , m'ed ... ( look to the hill ) you rebel friend plan to visit we one of this day ? african bartender ( m'ed ) oh , I ' magine dey come do some shopping verrry soon . he laugh darkly . archer salute he with he drink . nearby , a attractive woman tap she swizzle stick on the bar as Oasis ' " Party like it 's ' 99 " end : 20 . radio announcer ( v.o. ) this be the Voice of America . another good day on Wall Street , the Dow Jones up twenty - five point , the nasdag up forty ... in the White House , President Clinton again defend he relationship with monica lewinsky -- the woman near archer speak up : woman be you listen to this ? the world 's fall apart and all we hear about be blowjobgate ... archer turn to maddy bowen . maddy 's a ' handful ' whose beauty bely the kind of fierce intelligence that send most man run for the door . archer like what he see . archer when 's the last time the world be not fall apart ? maddy oh. a realist . be there , do that , get the t-shirt . be that it ? archer Danny archer . maddy maddy Bowen . archer ( appraise she ) american . maddy guilty . archer Americans usually be . maddy raise a eyebrow . he play rough . she like it . maddy ouch . archer do not tell I , you be here to make a difference . maddy and you be here to make a buck . archer smile . it 's be a long time since he be interested . 21 . archer see that guy ? government minister catch pockete disaster relief money . bad move , know why ? be not give a big enough cut to he boss ... ( point nearby ) that one ...? sell AK - 47' to the rebel and wait for a cease - fire to buy ‘em at a discount , then after the fight start again , sell they back at a profit . maddy and you point be ? archer the point be , it 's Africa . there be no point . you want another ? maddy vodka . rock . archer catch Med 's eye -- who nod approvingly at maddy . archer m'ed . same again . maddy you be bear here ? archer rhodesia . maddy you be there during the war ? must have be rough . archer ( offer nothing ) love it . maddy and you be a smuggler . archer be 1 ? maddy somehow I do not take you as the unicef type . archer just smile . maddy ( cont 'd ) I be go to say ' soldier - of - fortune ' but it 's such a cliche . 36 22 . archer how about hire gun . people seem to like that one . maddy diamond ? archer what if I tell you I be a missionary . maddy ( laugh ) for De wente ? archer it 's not just rude to ask that kind of question , Ms. Bowen , it 's also dangerous . maddy I will take my chance . ( lean closer ) so ... tell I about blood diamond . and then , suddenly , archer get it . his face turn to stone . archer ..- you be a journalist . maddy that 's right . archer stand up from he stool . archer piss off . he throw some money onto the bar . maddy follow he out . ext . beach bar -- continuous 36 maddy De wente diamond close its buy office here to avoid U.N. sanction . but they be use cut-out to buy stone from the rebel on the cheap . that way nobody accuse they of profiting from the war -- which they clearly be . archer I be shocked . 37 38 39 40 23. maddy you get pop try to go free - lance , so they cut you loose and let you rot in jail . ( grab he ) do not you want a chance to get even ? he keep walk . maddy ( cont 'd ) hey , wait a second . she grab he arm . move closer . maddy ( cont 'd ) ( the slight sexual promise ) help I out here ... he can not help but give a bitter laugh . archer maddy , right ? ( she nod ) ... usually I like to be kiss before I get fuck . he walk off , leave she to the inevitable swarm of beggar . int . archer' HOTEL room -- afternoon ( music over ) archer walk in and see the wreckage of he life . in the bathroom -- moment later ( music over ) archer stare at himself in the remain of he mirror . he open a bottle of vodka and chug it . a flash CUT -- grainy black & white South African Security force break down a door and roust a sleep middle - age anc supporter from he bed . his wife scream as archer put a bag over the man 's head . back to the bathroom archer take a long pull of vodka and toss the bottle . with a plier he grip a false crown atop a back tooth . another flash CUT ~- grainy black & white the Black prisoner be naked , tie to a chair . we do not see what be be do to he . instead , we study archer 's face as he watch . 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 24 . back to the bathroom Bright drop of blood drip into the sink . ignoring the incredible pain , archer rip out the crown . into he palm , he tap a bloody rough diamond . ext . rawdon STREET ( freetown ) -- sunset ( music over ) a crowded street of little storefront with hand - paint sign of diamond . Street merchant lick they palm and hiss as archer pass . int , fast eddie' -- later ( music over Little more than a corrugate shack . we see archer haggling , and reluctantly accept less cash than he stone be worth . int . freetown - street - later that day joost be wait in the road , make no attempt to hide . archer joost . joost Long time , mate . archer how 's Alice ? joost well , thanks . archer Tim must be in college . joost Big kid , big problem ... you know . archer company 's do well ? joost can not complain . eleven war on the continent , business be brisk . nlook at he ) Heard you have a bit of trouble in the bush . archer somora call you . joost Minister somora and the Colonel be old friend . 41 42 43 44 as 46 47 48 49 25 . joost smile . archer take out a pack of cigarettes , offer one . joost demur . archer pat he pocket for a match . archer get a light ? joost reach into he pocket , take out a lighter . as he lean in to light archer 's cigarette - - archer grab he head and smashes it down onto he up - thrust knee , low - punch he in the groin , sweep he legs out from under he , and then stomp he in the kidney . archer ( cont 'd ) next time the Colonel have a question . all he have to do be ask . he walk away , leave joost writhe in the street . ext . cape town airport -- day ( music over ) 45 archer pay cash for a round - trip ticket to London . ext . london ( charterhouse STREET ) -- day ( music over ) 46 the global nexus of the diamond trade . a cab pull up and archer get out , wear a suit . across the STREET , a small group of protester with sign that read , " no blood diamond , " and " dtc fund torture . " one sign have a draw of a diamond ring on a severe finger . int . diamond trading company ( dtc ) -- day ( music over ) 47 archer pass through security : fingerprint reader , scanner , the work . he be buzze through a anti - ballistic door . int . in a waiting room 48 he glance at the well - light display case -- one of which feature a replica of the 530 - carat " Star of Africa " . a flat -screen monitor play a ridley Scott commercial for De wente diamond . romantic . flashy . a young man propose to a beautiful blush girl . a older couple celebrate they anniversary . rapper wear ' bling ' on the grammy Award . dtc clerk mister simmon will see you now . int . dtc executive office -- day 49 roland simmon be office be tasteful and inoffensive . so be roland simmon . we last see he at the UN . 26 . simmon come in . come in . tea ? archer no thanks . simmon so . what bring you to London ? archer reg ... spare I . simmon adjust the trousers of he bespoke suit . he would rather talk about anything but business , but if archer insist : simmon a month ago , officer of this company sit in front of the United Nations and pledge to uphold a ban on '' conflict '' diamond . ( look out the window ) we be no longer accept the stone you supply . I be truly sorry you have come all this way , but we relationship be officially over . archer look around . realize . archer you be recording this . simmon smile . archer do not give a shit . record this . archer ( cont 'd ) you be lose you hold on the global market . Big find in Russia , Canada . you need I more than ever . simmon glance at he watch . simmon you do not plan to lecture I on the trade , do you ? archer the trade ? oh , that have such a nicer ring to it than '' cartel , '' " cartel " be for columbian drug dealer and oil sheik . it 's so ... unbecome . archer stand and walk to a framed wall photo of the distinguished older man whom we last see at the UN . archer ( cont 'd ) but since it 's just the two of we , reg , let 's cut the bullshit . ( more ) 27 . archer ( cont 'd ) you have get eight - billion - dollar - worth of stone gather dust in that vault downstairs . ( lean forward ) if you do not keep them off the market , that rock on you finger would cost less than you shoe . simmon Fine . write a book . tell the BBC . archer ( continue over he ) -- which be why it would be a shame if , say , another company get all the press , not the mention the profit from the large pink ever to find its way to market ~ - this pull simmon up short . simmon you be bluff . archer probably . but if I be not , you be go to be the one have to explain to Mr. De wente how it happen . he stand and start out . archer ( cont 'd ) Nice talk to you , reg . Love the new hairline . simmon hold up a hand , as if to say , ' wait a second . ' he flip a switch and music fill the room . simmon what be you ask ? archer ten percent of market as a finder 's fee . simmon five . archer Seven . simmon agreed . archer always a pleasure do business . 50 51 28 . he turn and walk out . simmon pick up the phone . simmon get I De wente . ext . freetown prison -- day 50 Solomon walk out of prison to find fawaz wait . fawaz Solomon vandy ? solomon what do you want ? fawaz some friend of mine think you look like a honest man . fawaz hand he a wad of cash and walk away . ext . high commission for refugees office - day 51 a abandon school . Men , woman with baby swaddle in tribal cloth . they be impatient , unruly . Solomon see the line snake around the block . he walk casually toward the front , act as if he know someone . solomon hello my brother . how 's de body ? refugee # 1 do I know you ? Solomon insinuate himself beside he in line . solomon sure , sure . we meet at you cousin 's wedding . do not you remember ? another refugee , farther back in line , call out angrily . refugee # 2 back in line ! other refugee join in call " end of the line , " etc . Solomon ignore they , focus on the man beside he . solomon -- and how be the happy couple ? the angry refugee grab Solomon by the arm . refugee # 2 hey , mon , who you think you be ? 52 29 . Solomon turn on he with quiet menace . solomon if you do not let go , I will break you arm . then I will break you head . the wild look in Solomon 's eye be truly terrifying . the man recoil in fear . the other refugee stop they grumble . inside the office 52 hundred of name , post on ream of paper cover the wall . Solomon search the list methodically . even as he 's shove and push , he hold he ground . the name he seek be not there . solomon ( v.0 . ) dear jassie . can it be that no one in we country have a home ? he look around for someone in authority . hear a African soldier speak mende . solomon ( cont 'd ) ( in mende , subtitle ) please , I must talk to someone . my family 's name be not on the list . the soldier , who be be yell at by five other people simultaneously , reply angrily in subtitle mende : mende soldier go to kambe , there be another list . solomon : I have be to kambe , and mombolo , and tibili , and -- mende soldier talk to the white . he point to a harry red cross official who field a onslaught of question . Solomon push he way to he . solomon Excuse I , sir , my name be -- red cross official -- check the list . solomon I have check the list . the Brit shout to be hear over the tumult . 53 54 55 30 . red cross official you have to file papers with the Office of refugees ! solomon I have file papers ! red cross official then God help you , man . because I can not . Solomon want to scream at he , but the Brit be right . ext . outside the field office 53 Solomon sit in the middle of the crowded street . bereft . solomon ( v.0o . ) they tell we freedom would make we country into a paradise . but it have turn it into a sewer instead . ext . somewhere in the sierra leone hill -- continuous 54 dia , jassie and he sister wait for food at a R.U.F. outpost . a rebel wear a doo - rag eye they . dia glare as the man offer he twelve year - old sister a milky Way bar . jassie pull she daughter away but another soldier put he arm around she waist -- pin she arm behind she back . r.u.f . soldier maybe you be my new wife ! doo rag start to lead n'yanda away . dia fling himself at the rebel , but other jump he and begin to beat he with they rifle butt . jassie 's scream be drown out by the laughter of they tormentor . dia , meanwhile , be lift up and thrown into the back of a truck with several other teenage boy . ext . cape town airport -- day 55 archer walk to the curb . joost be wait beside a mercede . his eye be still black - and - blue behind sunglass . joost he want to see you . archer I be go back to Sierra leone , actually . two Square -jaw mercenary emerge from the mercede , the outline of handgun obvious beneath the tail of they shirt . 56 57 5s7a 58 31 . archer ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose , ' I be sorry , ' would suffice ? joost smile thinly . the mercenary unobtrusively hem in archer on both side . he expect to be pummele at any moment . instead they politely open the car door . joost after you . ext . cape town countryside -- day 56 the mercede wind it way into the South African veldt , pass elegant stable , grape orchard and cricket pitch . inside the car 57 archer expect to be beat at any moment . it do not happen . drive deeper into the veldt s7a the landscape have grow barren . at a gate line with barb wire , a sign -- '' executive outcomes " -- be flanke by armed soldier wear crimson beret , who wave they on . they follow a desert dirt road , until - - a russian attack helicopter 58 materialize out of nowhere . after make a perilously close pass , it fly away . beside a old victorian farmhouse the mercede glide to a stop beside a spread acacia . colonel Theo coetsee , 60 , look like he could still lead a platoon on a fifty mile force - march in hostile condition . in fact , he still do . the colonel hello , Danny . archer sir. the colonel you look better than joost here . archer a misunderstanding between friend . the Colonel chuckle and pour he a marula martini . 32 . the colonel ( raise he glass ) here 's to we and that like we -- archer ( finish the toast ) -- damn few . they sip . the colonel I want you to come back . archer thanks but I prefer not to . the colonel we will be come you way soon . we lawyer be in conversation with the government of Sierra leone , such as it be . archer smile darkly . the colonel ( cont 'd ) they want we to take back the diamond mine and I need someone who know he way around up there . archer just take another sip . the Colonel study he . the colonel ( cont 'd ) accord to we Minister somora , you have get something in the work . something . .. pink . archer ( dismissive ) the fantasy of some mende farmer ... the colonel there be the small matter of payment on some rpg 's . you have not forget who arrange that shipment from we ukranian friend ...? archer but who be it , I wonder , who tip off the ecomog to the goat routine ? the Colonel 's tone lose some of its warmth . the colonel pay you debt in cash or come back to work . you choice . 59 60 33. archer if I have a hundred grand you think I would still be on this continent ? the colonel ( laugh ) oh , Danny ... you will never leave . you be African to the bone . ( dismiss he ) joost will see you back to cape town . archer I appreciate that . thank you . the colonel we will meet again soon ? archer no disrespect , sir , but I hope not . the colonel you think sell weapon be better than use they ? at least when it 's you pull the trigger , you know you be not the target . the Colonel chuckle , and give joost a subtle nod . behind the farmhouse 59 they approach the park mercede . archer turn to joost . archer okay , just get it over with . the two mercenary grab archer 's arm . joost smile sympathetically and then begin to beat the shit out of he . int . the '' executive HOTEL '' - freetown - day 60 half of its sign have be blow away . a filthy red carpet lead to a colonial facade . Solomon , in a red vest that serve as a uniform , carry a businessman 's bag . as the businessman get into a cab , a pack of marlboro 100' fall out of the man 's pocket . solomon ( v.o. ) dear jassie . it have be so many week and I still can not find you . Solomon wait until the cab pull away . then he kneel and pocket the cigarettes . 61 62 63 64 65 34 . int . the '' executive " HOTEL - later 61 Solomon carry bag up a back stair . he check to see if anyone be watch then rifle the bag for anything of value . ext . freetown STREET -- day 62 at a open-air market , Solomon exchange the cigarettes and other steal item for hard currency . solomon ( v.0o . ) the city be loud and crowded and dirty . I miss the farm and cannot help wonder what have happen to the cassava crop . int . hospital ~- day 63 Solomon bribe a unicef official with the currency . he walk past row of civilian casualty , many of they child . he force himself to smile at each face he pass . ext , squatter' camp -- night 64 place like this define every city in the third world . Solomon have take residence in the rusted hull of a old car . it be bare except for a extra shirt fold neatly . solomon ( v.0o . ) most of all I miss we family all together in the hut at night , the sound of the child 's breathe , and you warmth beside I . he light a candle before a wooden animist statue . solomon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) whenever I feel myself lose hope , I think of this thing and I know it will be all right . ext . somewhere in the BUSH -~ continuous 65 dia sit in a dark hut along with several teenage captive . the door be flung open and guard brutally drive they out to form a line . dia stand , terrify , in a drive rain . r.u.f . trainer you mother and father be dead . you brother and sister be dead . you be dead too . but you will be reborn with we . we be you family now . 66 67 68 69 70 71 35 . another day 66 dia and other be be teach to fire a AK - 47 . another day 67 dia carry a plastic jug of palm wine through the rebel camp . handing it a older guerilla , he inadvertently spill some on the man 's t-shirt . the man begin to beat he . later 68 dia be hold down by two rebel as a cut be open in he arm and a unidentified powdery drug be pour into the cut . later 69 dia be bounce off the wall of the hut -- stone out of he mind . several teenage boy be similarly waste . ext . freetown STREET ( archer' HOTEL ) -- night 70 archer get out of a cab , carry he bag . his face be swollen and sunglass cover a black eye . a military jeep be park in front of he hotel . several ecomog troops loiter , perhaps wait for he , perhaps not . not take any chance , archer turn away . explosion like distant thunder rumble through the stifling night as he walk . a car be on fire . a sense of thing grow out of control . a young african woman , miniskirt , big earring beckon he . hooker you lonely tonight , archer ? ( pull down she top ) I be safe . no HIV . you use condom . ext . beach bar -- night 71 half of it be burnt . people crowd the remain half , grinking as heavily as ever . the African techno - beat throbs . archer get Med 's attention at the bar , set down he bag . archer mind look after this for I ? ( m'ed nod ) ... like what you have do to the place . bartender ( m'ed ) fokk R.U.F. try to hit the guv'ment building ' cross da street . shit , mahn , half da people heah be r.u.f . ( more ) 36 . bartender ( m'ed ) ( cont 'd ) ( hand he the usual ) good for business doh . ever 'body drink much as dey can ' fore de rebel come a drink up de rest . archer might be time to get you family out , my friend . the facade of Med 's professional joviality disappear . bartender and go where , mahn ? jus ' fire up de chopper and fly away like you people ? no , mahn , dis my country . we here long ' fore you come and long after you go . he stare at archer , he eye a tragic mask of defiance and despair . he turn away . fawaz approach . he be a nervous wreck . fawaz oh , my God , be you all right ? archer where 's the farmer ? pawaz he find a job at a hotel . spend all he time at the refugee office . not exactly the behavior of a man in possession of a priceless stone . another explosion in the distant hill . fawaz flinch . fawaz ( cont 'd ) the main road to masiaka be cut in three place . the government 's gonna fall any second , and I be follow some delusional farmer . archer see maddy through the crowd . she 's stand apart , look somewhat daze as she move slowly to the music . fawaz ( cont 'd ) the man be a digger . the odd of he get away with even a small stone be zero . they slit you open alive just for sweat . archer I think somora be look for I . 37 . fawaz ( really worried now ) Allah forfend ... archer ( move away ) dust stay on the farmer . fawaz but -- archer have already begin head toward maddy . she see he come and watch he walk toward she . they meet in the middle of a crowded dance floor . all around they , sweaty body be sway to the African beat . maddy be I suppose to kiss you or fuck you ? I can not remember . archer how about you dance with I . maddy should I ask what happen to you face ? he take she hand and lead she into the surging crowd . maddy ( cont 'd ) I guess not . they dance as best they can in the crush . maddy ( cont 'd ) this be insane . I be drunk in a African bar dance with a mercenary . archer what would they say in Ohio ? maddy Chicago . archer ++- you can tell a lot about someone by the way they dance . maddy then you can probably tell right away that I can not dance . they look at each other . 38 . maddy ( cont 'd ) in mozambique , you be part of a search - and - destroy unit target anc leader . then in angola , you hook up with De wente and start trading gun for diamond . archer be this on the record ? maddy but you blow it all get greedy and try to go it alone . why ? he do not answer . they be look at each other . the music be pound . sweat be pour off both of they but neither bother to wipe it away . they keep maddy ( cont 'd ) so you be , what , a nihilist ? opportunist ? scumbag ? archer maybe I just be not breast - feed in childhood . maddy you think I have never meet people like you ? archer I think you get off on people like I . maddy fuck you . archer that , too . dance , they face very close . maddy what I will ... never understand ... be how ... you can ... compartmentalize ... human suffer . he stop dance . look at she . archer thanks for the dance . he walk away . 39 . outside the bar 72 he light a cigarette . she appear and stand quietly beside he . together they watch the distant explosion . maddy I do not actually hurt you feeling ? he take a long drag . exhales . archer how long you be in Africa ? maddy pour month . before that kosovo . archer okay . how many black do you know back in the States -- besides the girl who clean you house and the man who pick up you garbage ? maddy what 's that get to do with it ? archer I know black . grew up with ‘em , fight with ‘em . behind the calm eye and the gentle smile , they be burn with hate for what we have do to ‘em . they hate you , hate I , hate each other and hate themselves . and you bleed heart be not gonna stop ‘em butcher each other . half the continent be starve and the rest be die of aids while they leader sell medicine to build palace and drive mercede . maddy that do not make it right . archer no it do not . but apart from a few do~ gooder who show up for a week with they flak jacket , they laptop , and they little bottle of hand sanitizer the White world do not give a fuck about the Black world . look at Sudan . look at rwanda . you country lose thirty - four marine in Somalia and then do nothing as a million people die . except put picture of starve child on tv to flagellate they guilty conscience . ( more ) 73 40 . archer ( cont 'd ) ( shake he head ) so someone 's get to do the dirty work ~ - you think America do not sell arm or hire professional ? you call they ' contractor 's . I sell gun . if I do not , somebody else will . maddy the law of the jungle . ( sigh ) if only I have a nickel for every piece - of - shit who use it to justify he existence . he turn to look at she , she face radiant with sweat . archer I like you smell . maddy well , that make I weak at the knee . archer it 's all gonna blow any minute . you should get out . maddy a ecomog relief column leave in the morning . what about you ? archer Business to finish up . maddy what could possibly be worth stay and get yourself kill over ? he look at she , offer a grim smile . maddy ( cont 'd ) oh. right . he indicate the bare " wedding ring " finger of she leave hand . archer tell I you never dreamt of have a sparkly diamond of you very own . ( as he walk away ) +.. peace , ext . squatter camp -- next day 73 Solomon emerge from he rusted hulk to find archer wait . archer look as if he 's be up all night avoid the Minister 's troops -- which in fact he have . 41 . archer what do you do , bury it ? Solomon instinctively look to see if anyone be listen . archer ( cont 'd ) I would have bury it . solomon ( heart racing ) what be you talk about ? archer remove he sunglass , look Solomon in the eye . archer what be I talk about ? solomon I must go to work . archer follow as Solomon walk through the shantytown . archer my friend fawaz pay a awfully large bribe to get you out of jail . solomon I will pay mister fawaz back . he have my word . and now you have my word . and we have finish speak . Solomon run for a crowded bus . archer watch he disappear . 74 int . executive HOTEL -- later that day 74 Solomon be carry bag for western businessman frantic to get out of freetown before it 's too late . deposit they bag in a taxi , he walk back into the lobby to find archer lean against a post , smoking a cigarette . archer why would that R.U.F. captain with the bandage eye make up such a story . Solomon again try to ignore he . archer ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do , sell it yourself ? to who ? for how much ? you need help , friend , whether you want it or not . another porter be eavesdropp . Solomon escape into the alley beside the hotel , turn on archer . 42 . 75 ext , alley - continuous 18 solomon I know who you be . and what you be . Men like you have turn my country into a land of thief and killer . I do not need you help . archer what if I could help find you family ? at this word , something feral appear in Solomon 's eye . solomon what do you know of my family ? archer the relief agency be useless , the hospital be overwhelm . there be other way . solomon liar ! archer I know people . White people . Solomon lunge -- pin archer against the wall . archer could fight . he do not . archer ( cont 'd ) the ...right ... stone -- Solomon want nothing more than to strangle he , but he also intuit archer might be he only hope . he relax he grip . archer ( cont 'd ) -~- can buy anything . information . Safety . even freedom . but a big stone do not stay secret . the minute you show it , you life be worthless . I be guess the only reason you be still alive be because you have not tell anyone where it be . right ? archer 's pitch -- fuel by desperation -- be mesmerize . archer ( cont 'd ) the last pink to come out of Africa fetch ten million dollar . I know because I carry it out . you know what I get for it ? he open he shirt . a huge scar cross he chest . 76 43. archer ( cont 'd ) I be lucky . I learn that a man will do anything for a diamond . solomon you would say anything . how can I trust you --? nearby , the crump of a explosion , followed by the chatter of automatic weapon ... from a block or two away . archer hear that ? it 's start . they must have snuck into the city overnight . ( look at Solomon ) what 's it gonna be , friend ? a block away Three cut -down truck of rebel squeal into view and begin spraying everything with automatic weapon . archer ( cont 'd ) yes or no . a whole life can change with a single syllable . solomon yes . a truck come careening around the corner . archer push Solomon as the wall behind they be stitched with bullet . archer go. go ! they begin to run . they run through the CITY 76 they fate suddenly join by the need to stay alive . and death lurk at every corner . band of teenager roam the street , firing automatic weapon at anything that move . Signs , store window , car . urban Rap doppler past as truck with boom box speed by . at a intersection , a impromptu roadblock . people be pull out of car and beat while they car be set on fire . archer and Solomon double back and sprint past the executive hotel where a gang of rebel be enter . from inside come the sound of scream and more gunfire . people be be take -- black and white alike -- and force into truck . minister somora be lead away at gunpoint . 77 78 79 44 . woman be drag by the hair into alleyway . a man be throw out of a fourth -story window . in fact , it be much worse than anything we can ever show . archer _and Solomon continue to run for they life . storefront be loot . it 's impossible to tell the rebel from the civilian . adult carry television . two man carry a barca-lounger . teenage boy wear women ' wig and throw molotov cocktail make from swedish vodka . rebel teenager be sacking the Beach bar -- drink everything in sight . I would lie dead , splay across the bar . archer and Solomon run through the darken street as rocket light up the sky . a_gun battle between retreate government soidier and advance rebel trap they in a crossfire . they dive into a restaurant doorway , take refuge with other huddle , terrify , on the floor . window be shot out as round rip in and plaster rain down on they head . after a deafen moment -- quiet . archer watch through a crack in the door as ecomog troops be line up against a wall and execute . hour later - dark at last 77 archer and Solomon set off again they do they best to stay in shadow , hugging the wall of pock - mark building , as they try to sneak past the rove patrol and truck fill with man , and out of the city . solomon how...much .... farther ? archer sooner...or...later ... we will be in the bush . a half -hour later 78 they be still run . both man be exhaust , filthy with soot and sweat , they chest heaving . but neither even consider stop . around they , the house be become fewer . up ahead - a OPEN field 79 and then another . nothing beyond except a tangle of banana tree , ruin cassava grove , and the densely - cover hill . 80 81 82 4s . archer there --! with renew energy , they pick themselves up and run : the SOUND of voice ~- close at hand send they diving into a ditch . Three R.U.F. soldier be set up a machine gun . Solomon look around wildly . there be nowhere to go . if they be still there by daybreak , they will be discover . if they try to run , they will be shot . a look of resolve steal over archer 's face as he reach into he boot for he knife . without a backward glance , he slither out of the ditch . the killing of the three soldier 80 be a deadly ballet . one 's throat be slit , the second be gut . but he weapon fire -- alert the third soldier , who whirl -- just in time for he body to be stitched by round from the dead man 's AK - 47 -- which archer now hold . it have all happen in a matter of second . but the gunfire have alert more soldier from nearby . archer come on ! archer and Solomon take off into the field -~ as tracers soon begin to streak past . at last they break into the brush 81 vine whipping against they face , thorns rip they hand and clothes -- until long after the gunfire have stop . at_last they stop . bent over double . gasp for breath in the humid night . alive . the two man look at one another . they could never articulate it , but both intuitively know this will be the define journey of they life . ext . makeni road -- dawn ( from high above ) 82 in Cambodia , in El salvador , in Sudan as in Sierra leone , the image of a downtrodden , dispospess multitude travel on foot toward a uncertain end have become the signature image of we time . it be the Age of the refugee . 46 . archer and Solomon trudge amidst the throng . ox - draw cart and thousand of shuffle foot churn up a sea of dust . solomon where be we go ? archer there 's a relief camp in Port loki . journalist will have access to a sat - phone . I will have fawaz meet we with the plane . solomon I have agree to nothing . archer look straight ahead as he walk . archer you will . 83 ext . ecomog staging area - masiaka - day 83 in a soccer stadium , ecomog soldier distribute stack of grain bear the unicef stencil , box of medical supplies . archer be outside the fence , talk to a guard . he be buffete by horde of refugee try to get to the food . archer ~- I work for the cape town Herald . my wallet , my credential , everything 's still in freetown . we barely get out with we life ... guard back away from the fence -- archer give up . Solomon have be watch . solomon you be not a journalist . archer I be try to get we out of here . solomon it be as I say . you will say anything . archer see journalist . he waylay a Australian cameraman . archer hey , mate . I be look for somone you might know . name 's maddy Bowen . american . if you have meet she you would not forget it . 84 later -- 47 . aussie cameraman I know she . archer could you tell she archer 's here and I have get the story she want . aussie cameraman I be out of here in a hour . if I see she before then , I will tell she . archer thanks . cheer . 84 archer and Solomon be broiling under a relentless sun . Solomon search every pass face . archer doze . maddy ( 0.s. ) you get out . archer hello , maddy . this be Solomon vandy . maddy how do you do ? ( to archer ; all business ) I be on deadline and I have be wait four hour to use a sat - phone . what do you want to tell I . archer move she out of Solomon 's earshot . archer a outfit name Star mine be buy blood diamond . maddy and ...? archer De wente have no visible tie to Star -- but through a maze of crossholdings and offshore bank , they own it . in violation of the very trade embargo they pledge to uphold . maddy you have proof of this . ( he nod ) and you will go on record ? he look at she . 85 48. archer if you help I out . maddy I know it . archer before you say anything -- the man be a mende farmer . his village be burn to the ground . he be force to work the mine , but he family fle -- wife and three child . he 's be try to find they but he 's drown in red tape . maddy look again at Solomon . maddy how do you even know this man ? archer I know he . maddy look back at archer . maddy you be use I . archer and you be use I . be not that how it work ? ( lean in ) you want to make a difference , maddy ? start with this man . you have get access to U.N. database , you know all the n.g.0o .'s . maddy look around , archer . what difference do help one man make ? he look at she . maddy ( cont 'd ) Jesus . do I really say that ? maddy 's eye remain on he , conflict , as we hear the beat of helicopter blade ... ext / int . unhcr helicopter - day 85 looking down on a sweep of grassland on which a sea of flap white tent suddenly appear ... thousand of they ... maddy ( v.0 . ) there it be . 86 87 a9 . int . helicopter - same 86 Solomon , archer and maddy have hitched a ride on a U.N. chopper . Solomon 's never be up in one . he stare down at the sprawling tent city below . maddy at the moment , the second large refugee camp in Africa . solomon my wife be here ? in guinea ? maddy read from the computer manifest in she hand . maddy jassie vandy , kono District . cross into guinea six week ago . solomon six week . and my child ? maddy hesitates , fold the manifest , then just nod . maddy you would have find they . sometimes it take a year before new manifest reach the field office . ( glance at archer ) I be lucky to get access to the unhcr database . solomon I do not know how to thank you . what can maddy say ? she nod . ext . refugee camp - day 87 archer , Solomon and maddy step off the chopper to find -- a sea of humanity behind a chain fence stretch for mile , worker with World food Program armband unload supplies as refugees rush the fence , press forward , shouting . maddy this be what a million people look like . Solomon stare . this be he people . close on archer take it all in . he 's see pretty much everything there be to see in life . but no one be unaffected . 88 50 . maddy ( cont 'd ) you might catch a minute of this on CNN somewhere between weather and sport . as they approach the fence , Solomon see that many of the_ refugee be amputees . some reach through the chain link with stump of arm . Solomon 's heart be pound . maddy ( cont 'd ) it say they be in sector two . Solomon follow as maddy show she badge to a UN guard , who read she slip of paper and point out the right direction . archer stare through the fence at two kide , each with one leg , yet manage to kick a plastic jug back and forth . other amputee stare sullenly . a sign read , '' no photo for journalist without $ $ $ " a wrinkle old man blow he lip at archer through the fence . archer walk on . the old man shadow he . until archer realize the fellow be gesture to the cigarettes in he shirt pocket . archer take out a cigarette , be about to slip one through the fence -- when he see the man have no hand . grimly , archer stick the cigarette in the man 's mouth . then move on . ext . refugee camp - sector two gate - later 88 a french UN guard relay the paper to a african wfp monitor . french guard stay at the fence . quarantine . Solomon grip the fence , watch the wfp monitor as he disappear into the teeming mass . archer have rejoin they . he notice maddy 's expression . archer what 's wrong ? maddy shake she head . but archer can tell she 's keep something from he . Solomon catch sight of the wfp monitor . he have a woman with he . a woman carry a little boy and a young girl . solomon jassie ...? ( and then he 's sure ) jassie ! jassie ! 51 . jassie hear she name , look up through the horde of people . jassie solo ! solo !! solomon jassie !! Solomon 's face morph from disbelief to joy as jassie run through a crush of body to he -- they finger grasp each other through the fence . they run they hand over each other face , unable to speak . Solomon look at the one - year- old in she arm , a infant when last he see he . he touch he through the fence . the girl , silent , offer a weak smile . she 's see too much . then Solomon look around , puzzle . solomon ( cont 'd ) dia ? ( to jassie , in mende ) where be dia ? the boy be nowhere in sight . solomon ( cont 'd ) where be my son ? watch this , archer turn to maddy . archer he have a son who go to school , read English . maddy there be only two child list on the manifest . archer -- what ? maddy turn away , she eye brim . at the fence , Solomon read jassie 's eye . solomon where be he !? she rub she cheek against he hand , she body tremble . jassie they ... take he . Solomon look at she , incomprehensibly . and the word come out in a flood of mende - that break into a wail of grief . 89 52 . Solomon drop to the ground as if every muscle in he body have be cut . he struggle for breath . archer can not watch they grief ... yet can not turn away . archer fuck this a guard try to pry Solomon 's hand from the fence , but he will not let go . sense trouble , the guard call another guard over . both of they try to pull Solomon from the fence . solomon let they out . jassie do not let go of she husband 's hand . jassie solo ... solo Solomon start shaking the fence . solomon let they out ! the guard begin to beat he hand with they rifle butt . but Solomon keep shaking the fence as if to uproot the steel post . solomon ( cont 'd ) let they out ! archer put himself between Solomon and the guard . archer get off he ! a guard point he rifle and shout in a unknown dialect . archer ( cont 'd ) Fine ! just get off he ! int . helicopter - later 89 archer and maddy ride in silence . Solomon stare out the chopper window . his knuckle bandage . devoid of emotion . maddy they be afraid some of the refugee might be rebel . they will not be release until there 's a cease - fire . I be sorry . Solomon stare out at the distant fog-shroude mountain . 90 91 53. solomon what you want , mister archer , be beyond that hill . that be where I bury it . archer 's heart skip a beat . what be only speak of be now real . maddy look at Solomon , he face knotted in grief . and then back at archer . she be put the piece together . ext . ecomog staging area - masiaka - evening 90 maddy march away from the helicopter . archer maddy , wait ... he grab she arm . she wrench free of he grip . archer ( cont 'd ) I do not take he son ! do not pin that on I ! maddy I pin it on all of we . especially you . archer yah , we fuck the black man . my father do and my grandfather before he . now the black man fuck himself . tell I something I do not know . tire , furious , do with sparring , she walk off . ext . ecomog staging area -- masiaka -- night 91 Solomon and archer huddle beside a fire . around they be hundred of fire , each with huddle figure silhouett . Solomon 's sharpen the blade of a machete with a whetstone . archer pore over a map with a flashlight . archer you say the mine be near the moa River . where exactly on this map ? Solomon 's eye remain on the machete blade . solomon I do not need a map . archer well , I do . we follow he finger on the map as he talk . 92 54 . archer ( cont 'd ) we be here .... the press convoy be go to kailahun . diamond mine be here . where do you bury it ? he look over and see that Solomon be cutting a line up one arm with the machete , draw blood . archer ( cont 'd ) you understand , when we get to kailahun , we be gonna have to go overland . you better damn well be able to find it . Solomon be lose in a world of ritual . solomon ( almost to himself ) my son be a very good student . he walk five mile to the sister ' school every morning to study English . he be go to be a doctor one day . the pain of self - injury be a attempt to inure himself to the pain of loss . he turn away to stare into the fire . archer have to walk away . nearby - a abandoned build 92 house the paltry assortment of journalist . archer walk past the guard with a wave of the finger . they assume -- because he be white -- that he belong there . maddy be hunch over a portable typewriter , type with two finger . archer lean over she shoulder to read . archer " , . , in the ninety degree heat , farmer Solomon vandy drop to he knee against the chain - link fence -- " maddy whirl around . archer finish the sentence . archer ( cont 'd ) " -- rattling the wire with he powerful hand ... '' maddy ( defensive ) ..- what ? archer nothing . maddy you think I be exploit he grief . 55 . archer just look at she . she lose it . maddy ( cont 'd ) you think I like be here ? do you have any idea what I could make back in the state write garbage about movie star --? ( righteous fury ) all anybody see here be victim . not people . with face . and life . they deserve a voice . ( shaking she head ) and the world deserve to know where the thing they buy come from . and how much they really cost . ( turn away ) so get out of my face and let I work . archer watch she work for a moment . rub he eye . archer ...- Solomon think he son be go to be a doctor one day . ( she look up ) what 's the life expectancy for infant in a camp like this ? what 's go to happen to a twelve year - old girl ? that diamond be the only chance he 's get of get he family out . maddy you expect I to believe you give a rat 's ass about he family . archer no . I be just exploit he grief . she glare at he , then look away . there be inherent contradiction in both they intention . archer ( cont 'd ) I need to get to kailahun . the only way now be with a UN convoy . I 'ma tv journalist and he 's we cameraman . maddy 's shaking she head . she will not do it . maddy no . archer I sew R.U.F. diamond into the skin of goat . I be smuggle they across the border into Liberia . maddy be take by surprise . she 's wary but ready to listen . 93 94 95 96 97 56 . archer ( cont 'd ) the stone go to a middleman in monrovia ... flash CUT -- the back room of a seedy shop 93 fawaz spill a bag of rough diamond onto the counter . archer ( v.o. ) ..- who pay off a custom official who certify the diamond be mine in Liberia ... so they can be legitimately export . flash CUT -- a custom desk 94 where a certificate of origin bear a liberian seal be sign , stamp and affix to a wooden BOX naile shut . archer ( v.o. ) once they reach London or the Antwerp cut house -- no question ask . flash cut -- in the bowel of the dtc - london 95 a sorter discard the certificate of origin -~ spill the diamond onto a sorting table , mix they with other diamond . archer ( v.0o . ) they become like any other diamond . flash CUT -- wider 96 there be many sorting table , each with pile of diamond . Electronic surveillance camera observe it all . maddy ( v.0o . ) and De wente know about all this ? archer ( v.0o . ) supply and demand , maddy . Control the supply and you keep demand high . flash CUT -- the UN 97 dewente and simmon sit before the General Assembly piously accept the congratulation for they righteous stand . archer when African rebel flood the market with a billion dollar worth of rough , De wente can not afford to ignore it . technically speak he 's not promote the war . he 's just give they the mean to do it . 98 99 100 57 . back in the abandoned build -- night 98 maddy 's stare at archer . he 's give she the biggest story of she career . maddy you will go on the record ? archer give she a long look . nod yes . archer and if I come out with this stone ... Danny archer -- such as he be -- disappear from the face of the earth . int . PRESS bus - morning 99 someone be use strip of tape to write " tv " on the side of the bus . aboard the bus , a Spanish reporter speak into a digital recorder . a CNN reporter chat with a french radio type . a BBC crew play card across the seat . Solomon stand outside the bus awkwardly hold a video - camera , a laminate PRESS id around he neck . solomon I cannot do this -- archer why not ? solomon I be not a journalist . archer of course you be not . solomon then how can I say I be ? archer because you do , because that 's how you get on the bus ... just do it ! archer and Solomon make they way down the aisle , archer smile to all like he belong there , Solomon massively uncomfortable . they nod to maddy . Solomon take a seat beside a Spanish reporter . solomon {utterly wooden ) I be ... the cameraman . ext / int . journalist's bus ( traveling ) -- day 100 the unicef convoy wind its way through the kanagari hill . Solomon stare out at the pass landscape . 101 102 103 104 58. solomon ( v.o. ) dia . yesterday I ride ina helicopter . oh , my God . you would not believe how big and beautiful be this land of ours . a muddy jungle trail 101 a platoon of child soldier trudge along , sing a revolutionary song : " the people will benefit from the rich of they land ; R.U.F. be the savior we need . " a nineteen year - old leader prod dia to sing louder . back to the bus 102 where Solomon be talk quietly to maddy . solomon ( v.o. ) I have be live in the white people 's world . Computers , video - camera and satellite phone . you would like it very much . a r.u.f . encampment 103 the child soldier prepare for battle . under the watchful eye of they older commander , some field - strip weapon and paint they face , while other sniff amphetamine . two strong man hold dia 's arm and inject he . solomon ( v.0o . ) I hope you be able to keep up with you schoolwork . you must study hard if you truly hope to be a doctor . a firefight in the jungle 104 a platoon of R.U.F. be attacking a small hamlet . older fighter walk behind the child soldier , threaten to shoot they unless they advance . dia fire he AK - 47 indiscriminately . he kill a ox and then a man who try to flee . tear stream down he face . solomon ( v.0o . ) you mother and sister be alive , dia . you must keep yourself alive , too , until I can find you . and bring you home . the bus come to a sudden , creaking stop . 105 everyone look out the window . up ahead , the road be block by shouting villager . ecomog soldier try to keep order . irish journalist what 's go on ? 106 59 . a red cross truck lie overturn on the road . charre . a hole in its side from the rpg that hit it . irish journalist ( cont 'd ) Christ . must have be a rpg . . the word , '' rpg " have a special resonance for archer . cameramen rush to grab they gear . time to go to work . archer wait . no ... the journalist push past he . archer ( cont 'd ) the R.U.F. be out there , just wait for another target ... it 's dangerous . maddy ( give he a look ) duh , she push past he down the aisle . outside the bus 106 maddy and Solomon navigate the confusion of solder and villager . journalist speak into recorder '' ... " this people , have come only to help , have now become target . " a soldier eye Solomon suspiciously . why be not he use the camera ? archer lift it to Solomon 's eye and turn it on . through the viewfinder ( video image ) Solomon pan the tragic scene -- come to rest on a mother begging for someone to help she wounded son . the sound of gunfire . ecomog troops have see something in the tree-line and have begin exchange fire . archer hurry it up , folk ! unless you want to end up the same way ! Solomon can not move , just stare at the boy and mother . archer ( cont 'd ) Solomon - -- let 's go . Solomon put down the camera and approach the boy . archer ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Solomon pick up the boy and begin carry he to the bus . 107 108 60 . archer ( cont 'd ) no ... what be you do !? at the bus . 107 maddy help the injure boy aboard . a journalist stop he . french journalist you can not do this -- there 's no room ! aussie journalist let ‘em on , you bloody frog ! more journalist join in : " ferchrissake " -- " might as well do something ! " -- " make room " -- " who the hell need this ? tv cameraman Lay he across the seat . easy -- the boy 's mother chatter she thanks in mende . aussie journalist where you bloke gonna sit ? good question . archer look around . no seat leave . archer bollock ... cockney journalist they can ride with I . come on . later -- archer , solomon and maddy 108 now ride in the land cruiser . a loquacious cockney journalist be drive . ahead , the bus belch black diesel . cockney journalist -- like the fookin ' m - 4 . just what this place need , bit of environmental blight on top of the rest of it . from the passenger seat , archer look back and see maddy nodd off in the back , she head rest against the window . cockney journalist ( cont 'd ) -- diesel fume , toxic chemical , pesticide , maybe a nuclear reactor or two to melt down ... a tremendous explosion ahead the lead mini-bus have hit a land mine . a fireball rise into a chimney of black smoke . automatic weapon FIRE from the BUSH 61 . R.U.F. fighter be emerge from the treeline . just ahead the bus be raked with fire . it skid to a stop , block they way . rebel , armed with ak - 47' , close in . archer get off the road ! but the cockney fall against archer , shot in the head . the car keep moving as archer try to reach past the dead man and grab the wheel . before he can gain control : the land cruiser careen off the shoulder of the road , smashing into a tree . gunfire shatter they window as Solomon throws himself on top of maddy , push she down to the floor of the vehicle . archer manage to push the dead journalist out the door and throw the land cruiser into reverse . r.u.f . fighter -- who have be run toward the car -- be force to scatter or else be run over . as archer ram the shifter into first , a rebel run up to the car from behind , he weapon hold above he head , prepare to shoot down into the back seat . just as he fire , the car lurch forward and he bullet stitch the cargo hatch . the land cruiser swerves away , take off the front bumper of the lead truck . a rebel raise a rpg to he shoulder , take aim . fire . archer swerve at the last moment . the rpg pass by , its exhaust trail the only evidence of the near-miss . they crashe headlong into the brush . it 's a bone - jarring ride : jag branch loom and penetrate the window , the chassis groan as tire pound over root and hide boulder . back on the road journalist be roust at gunpoint toward a uncertain fate . ext . dirt road -- a hour later ~~ at dusk 109 the land cruiser emerge from the bush . it 's a wreck . the wheel grind against the well , two tire be flat , smashed windshield , bullet hole along its length . archer stop and have to force the door open to get out . he peer under the bonnet . bullet hole . it 's hopeless . 110 lll 62. archer grab you thing . they have no choice but to set off on foot . later - the night sky be spectacular 110 as they trudge along under a bright canopy of star . one might even think of diamond . archer use dead reckoning . archer the Southern Cross . Long as we head North , we will hit the main road . they walk in silence for a moment . maddy what do you think happen to the people on the bus . archer you really want to think about it ? up ahead , Solomon stare up at a particularly bright star . solomon kya kwayera taarig . maddy we call it venus . solomon we say the moon 's wife . ( point ) she follow he through the sky . two day before the new moon , she come out alone , look for he . the moon and he wife be never separate for very long . he be think of jassie . maddy be move . at first light - a burnt -out church 111 loom out of the jungle as they walk a narrow track . pornographic graffiti have be spray-paint on the church , and " West side niggaz . " headless body hang from the tree . suddenly - out of the jungle 112 come a scary - look band of semi-primitive native adorn with colorful amulet , shell and talisman . they carry a miscellany of handgun , machete and spear . solomon be very still . ( more ) 63 . solomon ( cont 'd ) do not look they in the eye . ( to archer ) they be kamajor . the headsman gesture angrily at archer . Solomon lower he eye and respond deferentially . archer whisper to maddy : archer local militia . protect they home . the headsman gesture with he machete . several of he man prod archer forward with a old double - barrel shotgun . 113 . later - they walk a jungle path 113 archer look around for any mean of escape . there be none . 114 ext . mende village -- day 114 they emerge from the bush to discover a cluster of building untouched by the ravage of war . flower garden and neatly - rake path . after all they have see , it seem dreamlike . a group of child emerge from the building and race toward they . mende child where be you from ? have you come from America ? do you have CD 's ? a gentle voice call out . gentle voice do not be bother the people now . let they come in . the child instantly obey . benjamin kapanay appear in doorway . he be a tall , sixty - five year - old distinguished - look mende with a trim white beard . benjamin ( in mende ; subtitles ) thank you , ubani . you can leave they here . I take responsibility . kamajor headman {in mende ; subtitles ) good . now they be you problem . the kamajor back away , vanish into the forest . benjamin if you be look for money , weapon or fuel , I do not have any . 64 . archer how about food ? benjamin if you ask politely . my name be Benjamin kapanay . archer Danny archer . and this be -- maddy -- maddy Bowen . how do you do ? benjamin very well , thank you . Chicago ? maddy how -- benjamin -- I recognize the accent . ( to Solomon ; in mende ) welcome , brother . solomon ( in mende ; subtitles ) I be Solomon vandy , from bo. benjamin ( in mende ; subtitles ) what should I make of you companion ? Solomon do not know how to answer . he lie badly . solomon ( in mende ; subtitles ) they be ... journalist . benjamin ( in mende ; subtitles ) ah. and I suppose you be , too . Solomon look away , ashamed . Benjamin turn to maddy . benjamin ( cont 'd ) might I interest you in a glass of lemonade ? ext . mende village -- lunch 115 under a cover porch , they eat lunch -- serve by Benjamin 's young mende wife and he three child . benjamin -- I do not understand why anyone would willingly live in that cold . ( more ) 65 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) the wind off the lake . I cry every night my first winter . maddy how do you end up at Northwestern ? benjamin because of President Kennedy , who else ? maddy Excuse I ? benjamin by way of James mcgrath , a young peace Corps volunteer from winnetka -- who find a semi-literate mende boy and be foolish enough to believe he could benefit from higher education . archer how long be you in the States ? benjamin which time ? I end up get my Masters at Stanford -- better climate . maddy but you come back ? benjamin to show my people the way . hah . they be serve a platter of vegetable by a well - mannered ten year - old boy . Benjamin 's son , uchenna . benjamin ( cont 'd ) thank you , uchenna . solomon you build this school ? benjamin start in 1967 . Children from all over the district find they way here . over five hundred graduate since we begin . maddy that 's remarkable . would you mind if I turn on my tape recorder . benjamin I will make you a deal , miss Bowen -- I give you a interview and you teach at my school for a month . 116 117 66 . maddy ( laugh ) I would like that . benjamin but you will not do it . maddy no. benjamin a honest journalist , how refeshing . the truth be , I have do well to keep a low profile . this be a very dangerous part of the country with the diamond mine so close by . Solomon , meanwhile , have not be able to take he eye off of Benjamin 's young son . the boy smile back at he . solomon my son want to be a doctor . benjamin very good . where be he now ? a silence . archer we do not know . benjamin I understand ... a series of image 116 Benjamin give they a tour : a group of eight year - old crowd around a single computer ; a ten year - old girl be be teach to use a artificial limb ; twelve year - old boy play cricket . benjamin many of this child be take by the r.u.f . we have take they back . ( look at Solomon ) some of they have be make to do horrible thing . we be try to bring they back to life . Solomon turn away to hide the surge of emotion . later -- at sunset 117 they sit drink wine . the African sunset be inimitable . benjamin -- it be all very clear in 1964 . ( more ) 67 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) political freedom plus economic development equal happiness . but sometimes revolution lead to chaos and economic opportunity do not necessarily bring out the best in people . certain personality type realize freedom could be another name for greed . ( raise he glass ) and here we be . maddy but look what you have accomplish . benjamin and look what good it have do my country ... maddy " there be no easy walk to freedom . " we can only do the best we can . benjamin mandela . his best be a bit better than mine ... he take a long look at he child . archer have many attack in the area ? benjamin I have know most of the young people in this district since they be bear . the local commander be still afraid I will come after he with my ruler . archer you think because you intention be good they will spare you ? Benjamin take the question in stride . benjamin my heart always tell I that people be inherently good . my experience suggest otherwise . which to believe ? Benjamin turn he penetrate gaze on archer . benjamin ( cont 'd ) what about you , Mr. archer ? in you long career as a ... journalist ... would you say people be mostly good ? 68 . archer stare back . the SOUND of a children' choir ... in the CENTER of the village -- that night 118 the child be sing " High we exult thee , realm of the free , " the national anthem of Sierra leone . Solomon and maddy sit with Benjamin and he family . maddy see archer get up and walk away . at the edge of the compound 119 archer stand alone . he take a long pull from a plastic jug . maddy step out from the shadow . archer Palm wine . sap come right out of the tree . he offer to she and she take a swig . make a face . archer ( cont 'd ) you get use to it . he take another long drink . he 's pretty drunk . archer ( cont 'd ) drank this as a boy . maddy rhodesia . ( off he look ) I take note . indeed , she little spiral notebook be already in hand . he look at she ~- consider -- then , what the hell ... archer I get send to South Africa when the muntz overran the farm in ' 76 . maddy -- after you lose you parent . archer ( dark laugh ) that 's a polite way of put it . mum be rape . dad be decapitate and hang from a hook in the barn . maddy you be , what , ten year old ? archer nine . boo-hoo. 69 . maddy then at eighteen you join the army ... archer peer at she . archer want to hear about the first time I bang a journalist ? she just look at he . he take another long drink . relent . archer ( cont 'd ) yah , yah . first they have we do dirty little job in the township . maddy with the Security service . archer you think you know about the Security service ? ( another dark laugh ) you do not know shite . that be a picnic compare to what we do on the moz border . sometimes I think , ' God will forgive we for what we do . ' then I look around and I wonder ... what would God want with a place like this ? he take another drink but the jug be empty . he toss it . archer ( cont 'd ) by ' 94 I 'ma ten year vet . then poof . no more apartheid , no more army . thanks very much , see ya later . Truth and reconciliation . kumbaya . he raise he middle finger in a universal gesture . archer ( cont 'd ) they tell we we be fight communism . protect we ' way of life . 's ( a rueful laugh ) it 's about who get what . oil. coltan . diamond . so one day I decide , fuck it , now I want mine . maddy be you go to steal he diamond ? archer we have no chance in hell of get the diamond . 70 . maddy do not answer the question . archer that diamond -- whether I steal it or just take the commission -- be my ticket out of here . maddy to go where ? archer have not get that far in he think . ext . hill country - next morning ( see from above ) 120 Benjamin drive they down road that be little more than animal track . Bush pig scamper . chimpanzee chatter above . Solomon look up into the canopy of forest as the sun dart in and out of view . solomon ( v.0o . ) dear dia . I have find a place for you study once you return home . Benjamin show maddy the hippos splash in the river . benjamin do not be fool by the movie where they wear pink skirt and dance on they toe . they be extremely dangerous , easily angere , and very fast . Benjamin 's love of all that he see be infectious . as he play tour guide , they forget for a moment they dire circumstance and surrender to the joy of the natural world . solomon ( v.0o . ) there be a man I want you to meet . he be a teacher . you will like he . Benjamin turn a wry eye to archer . benjamin what story will you be cover when I drop you in kailahun , Mr. archer ? archer thank you for you help , Mr. kapanay . I will not forget it . benjamin I hope the story will end the way you want it to . 71 . 121 up ahead - a temporary roadblock 121 guard by two twelve year -old child soldier . archer keep go . benjamin what --? archer drive right at they . they will panic . instead Benjamin slow the car . benjamin do you know where the word , ' infantry ' come from ? it mean child soldier . they be just child . the two R.U.F. soldier be indeed child . one wear a Michael Jordan jersey , the other have skateboard sticker on he Ingram submachine gun . but they eye be glaze and deaden . benjamin ( cont 'd ) hello , little brother . what be you name ? child soldier # 1 I be Dead body . who dis mothafuckah ? benjamin we be teacher on we way to kailahun . child soldier # 2 only r.u.f on da road ! benjamin I understand but we have to -- child soldier # 2 only r.u.f ! benjamin now listen here ! I be - ~ the boy fire he weapon without warning . Benjamin be hit in the chest . archer jesus fucking christ ! 122 123 125 72 . he lean over and stomp on the gas pedal . the car lurch forward , knock aside the other boy . archer have to practically straddle the wounded man to speed away . in the car ( traveling ) " 122 Benjamin try to speak . blood bubbles from he lip . archer do not try to talk . if you be not dead , it 's only because you be hit in the lung not the heart . Solomon be lean over the seat , open Benjamin 's shirt . archer ( cont 'd ) ( to Solomon ) do not worry about the entry wound . lean he forward , there 's go to be a big hole in he back . Press you hand against it . keep it there . ( to maddy ) if there 's any wine leave in that jug , pour it all over everything . ( to Benjamin ) how far to kailahun ? benjamin ( weakly ) you ...said ... not to talk . archer a fuck comedian . he push the old car 's accelerator to its limit . in the car ( traveling ) -- dusk 123 Benjamin be slump , unconscious , against the passenger door . archer how 's he pulse ? maddy it 's a pulse . rounding a bend 124 they be suddenly confront by two armore car and a platoon of white mercenary carry uzi 's . the soldier all wear maroon beret with the initial e.o. moment later - two medic attach a iv to benjamin 125 archer and Solomon help place he on a litter . he be conscious again . 73 . archer you will be all right . benjamin ( look he in the eye ) will you ? he be hurried away as -- a attack helicopter take off nearby raising a cloud of dust . joost appear out of the confusion . joost archer ... what the fuck -- archer good to see you , too , joost . maddy be furiously scribbling note of all she see . joos ? we be evacuate all non-military personnel . relief worker , journalist . ( to archer ) shite -bag . archer how far 's the front line ? joost there be no front line . Little bugger be everywhere . ( start off ) Colonel 's this way . 126 the colonel be hq 126 a large tent . the Colonel pore over a map while talk on a sat - phone . archer and joost enter . the colonel ( on the phone ) ~- but if we block they escape by cut the bridge -- ( see archer ) wait one ... ( cover the mouthpiece ) archer . do not want to say I tell you so -- archer but you will . 74 , the colonel the Sierra leone government have hire we to recapture the diamond mine . archer in return for a mining concession or two , no doubt . the colonel {a modest nod ) I have get a C - 130 touch down at 1400 . everybody not prepare to get dirty be on it . ( check he watch ) you have get thirty minute to make up you mind . you be either with we or out of here . he turn back to he conversation . archer be dismiss . 127 ext . another part of the camp -- night 127 maddy be wait as archer walk back . archer how be he ? maddy they say he will live . archer you be on a plane for Ghana in half a hour . ( look at she ) do I one last favor . maddy just look at he . archer indicate a young mercenary stand guard in front of a large supply tent . archer ( cont 'd ) go tell that guard you want to put he face on the cover of soldier of fortune magazine . maddy you be go in . ( archer nod ) you and Solomon . archer nod again . she shake she head . maddy ( cont 'd ) now ? ( another nod ) you be a idiot . 128 129 75 . archer help I or not ? maddy shake she head sadly . she turn away , push the hair out of she face as she approach the young mercenary . maddy hi , there . maddy Bowen , vanity Fair . you mind if I ask you a few question ? young mercenary depend what they be -~- maddy oh , so you be familiar with we devious way , be you ? she flash a devastating smile . and while he back be turn , we see archer edge past toward the back of the tent . inside the supply tent 128 archer forage for whatever he can lay he hand on . into he pack he stuff k-ration , a gps , first - aid kit . he desperately look for one more thing . and there it be . a saat - phone . he stuff it in . outside , the SOUND of a plane . ext . airstrip -- moment later 129 a giant C - 130 hercules touch down . the swarm of journalist Aid worker , and refugee surge onto the tarmac . carry she bag , maddy move against the tide , look around . Solomon appear beside she , subtly take she arn . solomon this way . archer be wait behind a tent , the pack already on he shoulder . she turn to Solomon . maddy good luck to you , Solomon bo. Solomon take she hand in both of he . solomon thank you for all you have do . maddy I hope you find what you be look for . she turn to archer . they look at each other . 76 . archer yeah . thanks . maddy --d just keep my end of the deal . a moment of silence . she can be as tough as he can . archer listen -- maddy no , you listen -- and they just stare at each other . archer in another life , maybe . maddy sure ... okay ... archer find yourself a good man , maddy . you deserve to be happy . she consider he -- wishing she be less affect by he . maddy I have three sister . all marry to '' good man . " Long as they prescription be fill they be happy . no thanks . I prefer my life . ( hand he she card ) Office phone , home phone , cell phone . I be use to be pursue , but what the hell . he smile . maddy ( cont 'd ) it 's a world phone , by the way . archer you should get on the plane . maddy so should you . he smile and turn away . maddy ( cont 'd ) be you go to call I ? archer soon as I be near a phone ... 130 131 132 133 77 . maddy yeah , right . she turn toward the plane . they head the opposite way . in the BUSH 130 archer and Solomon begin to jog . back at the airstrip 131 maddy be about to board the plane when joost waylay she . joost where be he ? maddy where be who ? she continue up the step to the plane . joost look around . no sign of archer . the wheel begin to turn in he head . archer and solomon trek 132 into the bush . they move quickly , put distance between themselves and the e.o.camp . as they run , the camera rise up , higher and higher , until they tiny figure have disappear and the frame be filled with nothing but GREEN . we sense of the immensity of the challenge that lie ahead . ext . the BUSH -- later 133 archer and Solomon have stop to catch they breath . archer dig out the sat - phone , fire it up and punch in a number . archer ( on the phone ) ..- fawaz ? ...1 know . no time now .... that 's right .... two day to get in , one to get out . i'11 call when we be head for the strip . right ... ' bye . he look up to see if Solomon have be listen . but Solomon be stare off into the jungle . solomon ( v.0 , ) dear dia . I be come . with every step I be closer . I can feel you be nearby . I be come soon . ext . a jungle trail -- elsewhere 134 a column of R.U.F. guerrilla walk a jungle trail . we can see by the gouge of earth that they be in diamond country . dia , look much older , carry a AK - 47 . 135 136 137 138 78 . back to archer and solomon 135 as he stuff the sat - phone into he back . he set off without a word , know Solomon will follow . they TRAVEL by night 136 on narrow dirt road , light only by the moon . headlight approach 137 archer and Solomon take cover as truck pass fill with R.U.F. teenager , laugh , smoking ganja , music blast . Solomon study each pass face . almost involuntarily he rise to he foot -~ try to get a better look . suddenly he think he see a familiar face -~ could it be dia ? he move closer -- but the truck be move away . solomon dia !! head turn in the pass truck . it 's not dia . suddenly Solomon be grab from behind and throw to the ground . archer loom over he . archer what the fuck be you do !! solomon get off I ! meanwhile , on the road , the truck have slowed . suddenly -- the brush explode with gunfire Red and Green tracers shred the dense foliage around they . bullet whiz by they head , ricochet off ancient tree . they scramble to they foot and race blindly back into the bush . behind they , the SOUND of they pursuer . soon the brush grow more dense . in the pitch darkness they be literally fight they way forward , flail with both arm to rip hole through the thick foliage . they hand and face be soon cut and bleed . they run 138 until they can run no further . archer stumble and fall . Solomon crumple to the ground beside he . as they lie there , wind , they hear voice . they can see the glow of cigarettes through the foliage only a few yard away as R.U.F. soldier approach . 139 79 , on solomon and archer as the soldier 's boot pass within inch of they hide place . they bury they face deeper in the mud . daybreak 139 find they still hide . cautiously , they emerge -- stiff , wet , and miserable from a night spend on the jungle floor . archer ( furious ) next time you pull something like that I will shoot you myself . solomon ( equally furious ) shoot I now . it be what you be plan anyway . archer what be you talk about ? solomon you think I do not know the kind of man you be ? you buy diamond from the same people who take my son . archer -- maddy tell you . solomon be this true ? archer look at he . archer yes . it be true . . solomon and all you have say ... how the diamond will free my family . this , too , be a lie . be it not ? archer I do not know . maybe. ( look at he ) but I be not the only one who tell lie , be I ? solomon I do not lie . archer no ? you do not give a fuck about find the diamond . ( more ) 140 141 80 . archer ( cont 'd ) you be out here look for you son . and you would cut my heart out in a second if it mean a chance to get he back . Solomon be shocked into silence . archer be right . solomon yes . it be true . the two man stare at each other . archer Long as we understand each other . he set off into the brush , limping heavily . solomon you be hurt . archer ( without look back ) I be fine . Solomon reach to take the heavy pack from archer 's shoulder . archer grab he hand . they lock eye for a moment . solomon you think I be go to steal it ? archer turn and walk away . Solomon look down to see bright drop of blood from archer 's boot stain the ground . later - the unmistakable SOUND of approaching helicopter 140 force they to take cover . two e.o. gunship streak past . be the chopper look for they , or be it a coincidence ? later that day - the SUN have reached its zenith 1421 as they trudge onward . archer 's limp be more pronounce . he tip back he canteen and find it empty . Solomon notice . he pass he canteen to archer , who hesitates for a moment , then laugh and put he mouth to a black man 's canteen . later - they traverse a high ridge 142 in the distance , we see the recede peak . archer begin a conversation , as much out of boredom as anything else . archer so you be a farmer ... Solomon look at he warily . nod . 143 144 gl . archer ( cont 'd ) what do you grow ? solomon teeeee casava . archer I grow up on a farn . ( remember ... ) hate every minute of it . end of conversation . they walk on in silence . still later - deep pit in the earth 143 begin to appear as archer and Solomon climb through a hilly landscape . Solomon stare at the diamond mine . solomon it be like they be eat the earth . he walk on . archer labor to keep up with Solomon 's pace . abandoned house 144 cave - in and list , line a street where deep pit have be dig beneath they foundation . impoverish squatter follow they with listless , hungry eye as they pass . archer be jittery to be observe . but in Africa , people be everywhere . blood squish in he boot as he walk . by sunset 145 they have be walk for twelve hour . archer have to sit . archer how much farther --? solomon one day more . he kneel before archer . solomon ( cont 'd ) let I see you leg . archer it 's fine . Solomon touch it and archer grunt in pain . archer ( cont 'd ) it 's infect . from lie there all fuck night . Solomon lift archer 's pant leg . examine it . 146 147 82. solomon give I you knife . archer in the other boot . Solomon take the k - bar . archer grit he tooth . we can not see what Solomon do -- but from the expression on archer 's face , we can only imagine . Solomon stand . archer try to but the pain be overwhelming . solomon I will be back . archer pull he sig -sauer 9 mm from he belt . archer no -- Solomon start walk away . cock the weapon . archer ( cont 'd ) you think I will not shoot you . solomon shoot I , then . and try to find the diamond yourself . ( keep walk ) it will be back . later that night ~ a SMALL village 146 have be take over by child soldier . they sit , throw bullet into a barrel fire and laughing as they explode . Solomon creep to the edge of a hut -- peer at the face . no dia . six more teenager be load the spoil of the village onto a truck . one of they could be dia . he be not . hour later - the moon have risen 147 archer awaken to see Solomon walk toward he out of the bush . he carry a poultice make of leave and mud . he kneel and begin to apply it to archer 's wound . solomon I think about not come back . ( look at he ) I talk to my son about it . archer look at he . what the hell be he talk about ? 148 149 83. solomon ( cont 'd ) I talk to he all the time . ( work on the leg ) he say I must forgive what you have do in the past . and trust that you will help get my family back . archer do not know how to respond to this simple absolution . archer you be fuck crazy . Solomon finish wrapping the poultice . solomon I will go and find we water . he stand again and walk away . archer can not bear feel powerless . Fighting the pain , he stand and try to walk . it 's excruciate . still he continue hobbling -- until finally he sit on the ground , cape town airport terminal -- night 148 maddy de -plane with a contingent of journalist . like everyone else who get off a plane this day , she turn on she cell phone to check for message . there be none . archer have not call . dawn in the jungle 149 be soft and full of promise . low cloud hang just above the treetop as first light touch the moist greenery . archer 's face be at peace as he wake . Solomon sleep nearby . archer reach to scratch he nose and realize he be cover with black ant . scramble to he knee , he frantically brushes they off . they be in he ear , inside he shirt . Solomon awaken and begin to laugh at archer 's frenzy . archer tt hate fucking ant ! solomon I think you be feel better . and then Solomon realize that he , too , be infest . he reach into he pants and begin to hop around . now it 's archer 's turn to laugh . soon they be both sit on the ground , laughing for no reason -- except , of course , as a release from all that have befallen they . 84 . the endless hill 150 glow pink in the dawn as they walk . a herd of antelope burst from the brush and bound majestically away . solomon ++.¥ou be how old ? archer me? thirty . one . solomon and you have no wife ? archer no . solomon no child ? archer no . Solomon shake he head . after a moment , archer can not resist . archer ( cont 'd ) -- what ? solomon truly , I do not understand white people . archer that make two of we . as they crest a hill Solomon suddenly stop . he look around . then he fall to he knee . archer climb to where he be and look around -- a Mass grave have be fashioned from a abandon diamond pit . body pile high -- man , woman , child . none of they soldier . archer ( cont 'd ) animal . solomon no animal would ever do such a thing . it make no sense . Solomon force himself to walk among the corpse , praying that he son be not among they . tear stream down he cheek . 85 . solomon ( cont 'd ) my people value life . the mende find it hard even to take the life of a chicken . God give life ; only he may take it back . {a strangle cry ) how can they do this ? archer have no answer . just look at he . solomon ( cont 'd ) ( numbly ) why be there so much evil here ? what be wrong with we ? 151 hour later 151 archer use a tree branch as a cane . archer ( feel he forehead ) I have stop sweat . we have get to find water . solomon then we must move faster . archer nod and push himself past the pain in he leg . of 152 hour later - the SUN be scorching at mid - day 152 archer stumble . Solomon offer a hand to lift he to he foot . archer ignore it . ahead be a clearing , and in it : a bull elephant stand tall and menace . beside he , on the ground , be he mate -- grievously wounded and bellowing piteously . for a moment , archer and Solomon be too stunne to speak . archer back away . and watch where you step . Solomon freeze . solomon be it -- archer a minefield . yes . they stare at the magnificent creature who refuse to leave he fall mate . slowly they retrace they step . —~ no sooner have they turn they back than a explosion shake the ground and a flock of bird rise over the field . 153 154 86 . they know what it mean . grimly , they keep move . the jungle at night 153 be a freaky place at the best of time with strange shape shadow , and noise everywhere . in they state , it feel like a bad acid trip . Solomon hear the whispered voice of he son . he carry on a imagine conversation . solomon .... why ? the cow will do fine in the upper pasture ... archer hey ... solomon ( in a kind of trance ) -- yes . and next year we will plant coffee -- archer hey ! ( Solomon be startle ) you be hallucinate . solomon no . I be not . hour later - archer 154 archer be half - asleep as they trudge through deep jungle . he stop suddenly . a snake hang menacingly from a tree . archer do you see that ? solomon what ? archer the. ..snake . solomon no . archer good . archer now see that it be only a tree branch . they walk on for a moment this time it be Solomon who stop short . 155 156 87 . solomon wait ... ( listen ) can you hear it ? archer listen hard . a weird croaking sound . frog ? archer prog !! solomon yes ! frog mean water . they stumble forward to discover -- a SMALL stream bed they fling themselves onto they belly and begin to drink . archer what if ... this water ... be bad ? solomon you can wait for beer . good point . archer drink he fill . the next morning 155 find they sit by the stream . archer study he map . archer this must be the meli . it run from the North . the moa run from the East . where the river meet be where the mine be , right ? Solomon say nothing . archer ( cont 'd ) right ? Solomon just glare at he . archer ( cont 'd ) you get that diamond , you can hire a team of people to find he . you can buy the whole damn government ! ( lean in ) what be you gonna do , spend the rest of you life search the bush ? Solomon look at he . yes . if necessary . hour later - they follow the stream 156 now grow into a broad river . 157 88 . hour later - they climb a steep ravine 157 archer be struggle . once again , Solomon offer a hand to help he over a boulder . this time , archer grudgingly accept the hand . the moment be underplay but deeply significant . cresting a hill , Solomon look down on the confluence of the two river . a familiar gorge . solomon be Pov - the diamond mining camp be spread out below . hole and pit pock the landscape . archer join he at the overlook . archer that 's it , be not it ? Solomon 's face be cloud with memory . it 's a place from he nightmare . a place he hope never to see again . a large contingent of r.u.f . troops be encampe near the mine . archer can see dozen of tiny fire with troops huddle beside they . archer ( cont 'd ) Christ . he kneel -- try to figure out they next move . archer ( cont 'd ) okay ... he dig into he pack for the sat - phone . archer ( cont 'd ) the e.o. would want to know about a force this size . if I call joost , he will send in a air strike ... ( the plan unfold ) we use it as a diversion . below they , teenage rebel play soccer in a rag field . be dia among they ? it be too far away to know . solomon no air strike . archer how do we get in there without some kind of diversion ? solomon no...air ... strike . archer he be not down there . 158 89 . solomon how do you know ? archer ( coldly ) I be call it in . ( turn on sat - phone ) they '1l come in at first light . low . over that ridge . that 's how much time you have get . Solomon turn and start down the hill . archer ( cont 'd ) hold up there , boy --! Solomon react to archer 's instinctive use of " boy . " archer ( cont 'd ) I be not let you get yourself kill until I have that fuck stone . we wait for dark . a list of call number be tape to the inside of the sat - phone 's case . archer punch in a number . archer ( cont 'd ) ( on the sat - phone ) get I joost ..... archer .... he will know -- ask if he 's interested in the location of a major R.U.F. camp ...... later -- the diamond camp -- night 158 be just as we remember it . muddy and exhaust slave worker try to keep out of a drive rain , squatting under corrugate tin roof while eat they tiny portion of rice gruel . rebel soldier -- adult and teenager alike -- eat Red Cross ration while try to keep warm and dry . archer and solomon have crawle forward to the edge of the camp . archer I can not walk in there . you stay in my line of sight and I will cover you . if he 's not there , we move around the perimeter . the air strike happen at 0600 . ( rack the slide of he sig -sauer ) you do exactly as I say . and do not mistake I for you friend . you fuck with I and I will surely kill you . 159 161 162 90 . a sentry huddle miserably in the rain . archer spring out of the shadow and choke-holds he -- then drag he back into the bush where Solomon be hide . archer take he weapon - a h&k assault rifle . Solomon stand up and walk into the camp as inconspicuously as possible . archer watch under cover of the brush as : solomon 159 insinuate himself among the miserable worker , move from hut to hut -- try to see if dia be among they . he be not . Solomon move deeper into the village . archer curse as Solomon walk out of he line of sight . in the camp 160 Solomon be about to give up hope , when -- he sees dia . Solomon blink back he disbelief . dia 's with two older rebel , who be watch he take a hit from a big spliff , laugh as he choke on the smoke . Solomon try to will dia to turn in he direction . archer 161 scuttles through the bush -- try to get a line of sight . ext . two sentries 162 appear nearby -- carry food for the sentry archer have kill . unable to find he , they begin to call out for he . in the camp 163 dia and the other soldier separate . Solomon move out from the shadow . solomon ( whisper ) dia -- dia turn -- uncomprehend . Solomon take he arm . 165 166 91 . dia ( suddenly fearful ) no ! solomon dia , it 's I ! Three month of horror , of depravation , of trauma , of unspeakable act have take root in the soul of this young boy . his face contort in struggle . then -- dia get away from I ! get away ! ( scream ) farmer ! traitor ! he try to break free of Solomon 's grasp . a few other soldier hear he cry out . they turn to look . archer 164 hear it as well . he step from he hide place -- try to see what be happen . a r.u.f . soldier 165 see Solomon hold dia by the arm . he hit he in the back with he rifle butt . Solomon crumple to the ground . archer 166 aim the assault rifle , but the guard have pick up Solomon and -- at sixty yard , at night , in the drive rain -- there 's no way archer can get off a clean shot . then -- the SOUND of a slide be rack . the barrel of a AK - 47 be place against archer 's head . ext , the rebel camp -- next morning 167 Solomon 's arm have be tied behind he back -- the rope looped over a tree branch and re-tied . he look up to see -- dia , stand with several guard . his face be hard and withdraw . he turn away from Solomon 's gaze . a shovel be throw at Solomon 's foot . voice I know you would come back . Solomon look up into the disfigure face of captain poison . a brutal scar only add to the malice in he eye . poison motion to the dozen of hole that pock the landscape -- giant scar of diamond field that have be mine out . 92 . poison see how I have dig . I have find nothing . ( to Solomon ) you will dig again for I . you will dig up what you have come back for . solomon no . poison no ? do you think the white man will rescue you ? he turn Solomon 's head violently to the leave , where : archer have be make to kneel , arm tie behind he back , head to the ground , with a gun hold to the back of he skull . poison ( cont 'd ) this white man be the cause of you suffer . this white man , he master abroad -- and he black puppet in the government . poison whip out a dog-eare manifesto from he army jacket . poison ( cont 'd ) fpoday sankoh say -- resist and overthrow that who would exploit you ! shed they blood . he slap Solomon 's head with the book . poison ( cont 'd ) maybe some more digging will help you learn this lesson . the rope hold Solomon be cut . he fall to the ground and be prodd to he foot by several soldier hold ak - 47' . Solomon look down at the shovel . but do not move . surreptitiously archer glance at he watch . it be 5:59 . poison ( cont 'd ) pick it up . solomon why ? you be go to kill I anyway . with a sigh , poison whisper in Solomon 's ear : 168 93. poison I do not need to kill you , Solomon vandy . because now you have a name . and a family . if you do not give I this diamond , I will find this family -- just as I have find you son . he go to dia and put he arm around he . poison ( cont 'd ) I will rape you wife in front of you , then slit she throat . ( smile ) and I will keep you daughter for myself . it_is the first time we have see the light go out of Solomon 's eye -- in part because of poison 's word , but mostly because of dia 's look of indifference . poison ( cont 'd ) you think I be a devil . but only because I have live in hell . I want to get out . you will help I . curiously enough , this word could have be archer 's when first we meet he . he watch as : Solomon take the shovel . all he hope and dream end here . he be must dig the earth one last time to save he family . he look out at the jungle . nothing look familiar -- the tree swirling ... make he dizzy . solomon I do not remember ... archer , head to the ground , watch Solomon closely . sneak another peek at he watch . 0600 hour . no air strike . poison find it ! or you family will die ! as if sleep - walk , ; Solomon begin to walk toward the pit . poison and several armed rebel follow close behind . the first rocket explode 168 in the middle of the camp -- send a corrugate hut sky high . everyone be knock to the ground . a e.0 . helicopter gunship streak by overhead . the second rocket hit a truck -~ instantly turn it into a fireball . the gunship' gatling gun fire . 800 round per second chew up everything in its path . 170 94 , archer' guard be almost cut in half by the devastating firepower . archer roll behind a tree -- chunks fly from its base . solomon , captain poison and a r.u.f . guard have be knock into a muddy diamond pit . Solomon hug the ground as the jet scream over -- stitching the ground . archer get to he foot and sprint toward dia -- ignore the explosion all around he . since he hand be still tie behind he back -- he hurtle a bodycheck into the back of the soldier guard the boy . he throws himself on top of the boy -- as the gunship make another pass -- killing R.U.F. soldier who try to escape . ext . at the bottom of the diamond pit 169 Solomon turn over the body of a dead guard and find a machete in he belt . Captain poison look up from the muck and reach for he 9 mm -- only it be not in he holster . frantically , he dig in the mud . it 's nowhere to be find . Solomon , meanwhile , get to he foot and move toward poison -- who frantically try to climb out of the pit -- the side be high and slick . the closer Solomon get , the more frantically poison try to claw he way out . but the wall be just too slippery ... he fall back -- slide down -- at last find he gun . he raise it , but it 's too late -- Solomon raise the machete . all we can see be the lip of the pit , but we can hear poison 's scream as Solomon 's powerful arm rise and fall . Solomon 's face be contort -- as the rage that have be bury for so long find its expression . he bring the machete down again -- and again with all he might . blood spattering he . until he stop . with disbelief and horror at what he 's do . two armore vehicle 170 appear with .50 caliber machine gun firing from they mount . behind they , mercenary wear the red beret of the e.o . joost organize block position around the perimeter of the village -- cut down anyone who try to escape . it be all over in a matter of minute . 95 . 171 a silence 17 as the smoke and dust clear , hardly a soul be move . the colonel stride into camp follow by two bodyguard . archer squint into the sun as the Colonel loom above he . the colonel thank you for call in the location . archer you be welcome . the colonel then again , you have a ulterior motive , solomon emerge from the pit , cover in blood . he isa terrifying sight -- this gentle man transformed into some kind of monster . the colonel ( cont 'd ) this must be the famous Mr. vandy . ( to archer ) introduce we . archer this be Colonel coetsee . he want the diamond . the colonel no more than you . archer nod . true enough . the colonel ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) joost . joost appear , hold a 'mm to dia 's head . dia be shocked by he father 's appearance . the colonel ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Lt. gan . a mercenary lieutenant appear . the colonel ( cont 'd ) you will organize the withdrawal . we move out in thirty minute . ( turn to Solomon ) let 's take a walk , shall we ? the Colonel 's two bodyguard follow . 172 173 96 . moment later - archer and solomon 172 be lead at gunpoint into the diamond field by the Colonel 's bodyguard . the Colonel and joost follow behind with dia . joost how much farther ? Solomon do not answer . they pass one pit after another . a sat - phone ring in the pack carry by one of the Colonel 's bodyguard . the guard answer it and hand it to the Colonel . the colonel ( on the sat - phone ) eee een no. .... no transport for prisoner ....... shoot they , that 's what they pay we for .............. he hand the phone back to the bodyguard . half a mile on - in a grove by the riverside 173 Solomon stop . the other react , expectant . loom out of the thick growth be the rubber tree . vine have cover its base , but it 's definitely the same tree . Solomon measure the distance . take another few step . he be about to raise the shovel . then stop dead , the muscle of he arm tensing . inch from he foot , unmistakable -- be the trigger of a land mine -- partially cover by vine . Solomon glance back to joost , who stand several yard away . he do not see it . Solomon look back at the trigger -- a idea form . he turn in archer 's direction ... solomon ( look around ) a elephant graveyard . joost what ? keep digging . archer know Solomon be try he something -- in code . Solomon carefully take a step sideways . sink the shovel into the earth . swallow . he 's still in one piece . he sink the shovel in again . and again . digging . the Colonel watch , intently . 97 . Solomon throw the shovel aside . get down on he knee , digging with he hand now . faster . scoop out dirt and rock and sand . until there be nothing leave to scrape out . he stare into the empty hole , confound ... he look to joost , then archer , then back into the hole . grab the shovel again , start digging the hole larger , wider . solomon it be not here ... it be not here ! the colonel what do you mean ? solomon this be where I bury the stone . in this place . but it be not here ! ( beside himself ) someone have take it ! come see for yourself ! the Colonel motion joost over to Solomon . joost leave dia by the Colonel 's side . as the mercenary venture over -- Solomon glance at archer , he eye convey something . archer read the look . out of the corner of he eye , he see : the trigger . it lie between Solomon 's hole and joost . Solomon try desperately not to look at the trigger as joost come closer . closer . joost 's boot hit the trigger . click . a millisecond of realization on the stunne mercenary 's face before -- the explosion blow he to bit . Solomon be already diving behind a tree stump as -- dia be throw to the ground . archer seize the moment -- send a OPEN -hand strike to the throat of he would - be executioner , then grab the AK - 47 , and shoot he before rip the gun out of he hand . archer stay down ?! solomon remain flatten behind the tree stump , head down . archer spray gunfire at the mercenary -- hit the Colonel and the guard . he expend the entire clip . and no one be leave stand 98 . he look back at the rebel camp -~ know that other mercenary have hear the gunfire . archer ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! Solomon get up , orient himself and begin to count step . Spears the shovel into the earth . dig . archer ( cont 'd ) ( admiringly ) you lie bastard ... Solomon throw the shovel down . there in the hole -- peek out of the dirt -- be the tear green cuff of a pantleg . Solomon dig it out with he hand . far off voice can be hear -- come they way . armed e.o. mercenary . archer ram a fresh clip into the machine gun , and reach into the dead bodyguard 's pack for he sat - phone . but as he look up , he see -- dia hold the Colonel 's 'mm . aim at he . solomon dia -- dia 's eye flicker from archer to Solomon and then back . solomon ( cont 'd ) dia , look at I . dia look into Solomon 's eye . solomon ( cont 'd ) ( in mende ) you be dia vandy . of the proud mende . you mother love you -~ and she wait by the fire make plaintain and red palm stew with you sister , n'yanda , and the new baby . ( move closer ) the cow wait for you . and babu the wild dog who mind no one but you . ( move closer still ) and I be you father who love you . and you will go home with I , and be my son . he walk right up to he , ignore the gun , and wrap he am around he . 174 99 . dia go limp , the gun hang loosely at he side -- as he allow himself to be hold . behind they , the jung ! pts with gi re Solomon throw dia to the ground . archer take cover . four mercenary be advancing across the river -- fire as they come . archer return FIRE , hit two , the other hit the ground . archer move , move , move !!! he shove Solomon and dia to they foot another spray of gunfire pin they down . archer ( cont 'd ) when I start fire . you run ! ( stand up ) -...- now ! he lay down covering FIRE -- as Solomon and dia head for the brush . archer wait until they be safe , then -- it 's he turn to make a run . he take off it 's only thirty yard or so , but they seem a eternity . he be almost into the brush when --~ he be hit in the back . he grunt and double over . archer ( cont 'd ) fuck ! he fight the shock and the pain -- adrenaline kick in -- and stumble into the dense cover . up ahead - in the BUSH 174 he find Solomon wait . Solomon have no notion that archer have be wounded . solomon how far ? archer {through gritt tooth ) there 's ... a strip ... on a ridge ... fifteen kilometer ... south . fawaz will meet we ..... goq !........ they take off in that direction . 175 176 177 100 . in the jungle -- minute later 175 a eerie quiet , break only by the call of exotic bird . archer lead they --~ pay for every step . the entry wound in he back be small , almost unnoticeable . he stop and pull out the sat - phone . dial . archer ( on the sat - phone ) ...- where be you ? we be twelve click out. ..... two hour at most ... fawaz ( o.s. ) -- you have it ? archer ( on the sat - phone ) ... Roger that . fawaz ( 0.s. ) carry a lot of fuel . do not know if I can handle three more onboard . archer look up ahead to where Solomon and dia be wait . archer ( on the sat - phone ) I will get it sort . he punch the button and start off again . three kilometer later 176 Solomon be staring at the bloody exit wound below archer 's arm pit -- the stain spread . archer see he see it . look at he . solomon you must sit . archer yeah , let 's just have tea . he start move again . three kilometer later 177 archer have to stop . his breathe be labor . he wipe he mouth . look at he hand . no blood . archer miss ... the lung ... but it 's still .... collapse . could ... be.... worse .... I guess . 178 179 101 . solomon Rest now . they will not find we . archer look around . as if sense they pursuit . archer they be good . ( struggle to he foot ) let 's go ... he will himself onward . three more kilometer 178 have take they toll . archer be stumbling now . Solomon say something to dia in mende . solomon we will carry you . archer no . solomon yes . they each take one of archer 's arm over they shoulder . yoked together , they struggle on . two kilometer more 179 and they have reach the base of a rocky ridge . archer take out the binocular and see -- binocular Pov -- off in the distance two e.o. armore vehicle churn up dust as they approach . behind they come a squad of infantry on foot . in the sky above the cessna appear , circle . the ridge above they be very steep with dense brush block they way . in order to make it to the landing strip , they will have to climb it . it would be difficult enough to climb on one 's own , but to carry another man -- as Solomon try as he hoist archer over he shoulder -- be beyond imagine . archer +. ewait ... 102 . solomon no -- one step . another step . and then another . Solomon 's strength be tremendous . they make progress . Hand ever hand . rock by rock . Solomon 's face contort with the effort . his leg tremble but still he keep go . the top of the ravine appear , far away , but tantalizingly in sight . for a moment we might even believe they will make it -- but then Solomon lose he foot . he stumble . archer be slam to the ground , grunt in pain . Solomon reach to pick he up again . archer stop ! damn 't !. archer 's shirt -front be soaked in blood . he be pale and gasp for breath . Solomon go to pick he up again . archer ( cont 'd ) no. let I ... see it ... solomon Mr. archer -- archer you .... want it all ... for yourself . Solomon shake he head , smile ruefully . this be the moment he realize archer be not go to make it . he hand archer the wrap stone . archer peel it open . even wrap in a dirty cloth , it take the breath away -- like something from the god . archer ( cont 'd ) it 's real ... he hold it up to the warm afternoon light . archer ( cont 'd ) so .... beautiful . archer look up to see Solomon stare at he . he wrap it back in the cloth . archer ( cont 'd ) take it . 180 181 182 183 103 . solomon I think you would steal it from I . archer it occur to I . Solomon smile . solomon to I , as well , up above 180 the plane touch down . down below 181 the armore Cars be get closer . archer 182 look over at Solomon -- who have he arm protectively around dia . in the beautiful afternoon light the boy look like the same innocent child he once be . archer take ..... you ....boy .... home . Solomon look back at he , tear in he eye . he nod . in deep and simple gratitude . archer nod back . then -- archer ( cont 'd ) help I ... he struggle to pick up the machine gun . Solomon put it into he hand . archer ( cont 'd ) put the strap ... over my shoulder . Solomon help secure it in place . .50 caliber round from the armore car begin to land -- short -- but get closer . archer fire a burst from he machine gun 183 momentarily stop they progress . 184 185 186 187 188 archer go now . solomon Goodbye .... Danny . archer 's eye flicker for a moment . archer 104 . smile . tell fawaz if he try to cheat you , I will be wait for he i Solomon nod once more . n Hell . dia meet archer 's eye for the first time , then look away . Solomon lead he son up the ridge . archer settles himself -- as comfortably as he be able -- among the rock . he fire another burst -- Solomon and dia as they climb the be down below the attack mercenary scramble above - on the landing strip to distract they from idge . for cover . we see Solomon and dia run for the plane . we cannot hear what be say above the roar of the back to archer prop . he have take the sat - phone from the pack . in he hand be maddy 's card . he dial . ext . cape town - a outdoor cafe -- intercut maddy sit with a group of journalist . her cell phone ring . maddy maddy Bowen ... archer told you I would call . maddy be shocked to hear he voice . and walk away from the table . maddy and I be so glad you do . go to see you ? archer Little problem there . she immediately get up when be I 184 185 186 187 188 105 . maddy what do you mean --? above on the ridge , archer hear the plane take off . archer listen ... maddy ... I want you ... to do I another favor . by now maddy can hear the weakness in he voice , the labor breathe . then , the SOUND of gunfire from below . maddy archer , be you all right ? archer listen , I need you to go to guinea . maddy archer , what 's go on --? archer will you just shut up and listen -- get to ... meet Solomon at the UN camp . found ...his son ... but they be ... go to need ... help . maddy you be hurt . oh , my God -- where be you ? archer I be in a really ... beautiful place ... and ... I wish you be here ... maddy archer , oh , shit . let I get you help -- archer de eeeee you take care of Solomon .... tell he story ..... I gotta go ... maddy 's eye be welling up . maddy archer --- archer Goodbye , maddy ... maddy archer --! the connection have be lose . archer have hang up . 189 106 . archer 189 push away the phone and sit back against a mossy rock , he face in repose . he look up at the shaft of sunlight make visible by the dust and haze . in the quiet , bird flit , insect buzz , the leafy branch of tree hundred of year old sway in the breeze . it remind we of how Solomon experience the natural world when first he find the diamond . he look down -- a half -smile on he face as drop of he blood mix with the red dirt of Africa . he look up into the sky -- where the cessna grow smaller and smaller as it fly out of view . armed e.o. mercenary 190 swarm up the hillside toward archer . we expect he to return FIRE , but he do not . as the first soldier reach he position , we see that archer be dead . he sit with he back against the mossy rock -- eye close . at peace at last . ext . london ( to establish ) -- day 191 from pastoral tranquility to the chaos of urban life . Solomon stand transfix by the noise , the traffic , the crowded sidewalk of the City of London . he stand at a street corner , uncomfortable in a suit two size too small and stiff new leather shoe . maddy be there by he side . she gently touch he arm . maddy come on . we be almost there . they reach the embankment 192 maddy stop beside the hungerford footbridge . maddy just walk to the middle . solomon you be not come ? maddy I be not here . Solomon collect himself . he have survive hostile jungle , mercenary and the r.u.f .. yet this seem as daunt . 193 194 195 107 . in the middle of the bridge 193 Solomon wait . a man approach . it 's simmon . simmon you be Solomon vandy ? Solomon nod . several pace behind simmon be two bodyguard . solomon and you be ? simmon I be the end of you journey . simmon motion for a briefcase , one of the man bring it forward , unlock the combination , open it . the image freeze . click , 194 maddy be behind a wall , take picture with a telephoto . ext . the bridge - continuous 195 simmon you must understand , mister vandy , that you diamond could have end up no place else but with we . Solomon stare at the neat row of pound note . simmon ( cont 'd ) it 's all yours . Solomon look from the money , to simmon . solomon it be not enough , simmon I assure you , two million pound be more than anyone will offer you for that stone , under the circumstance . solomon I want what be promise to I by mister archer . simmon ( swallow irritation ) +.- what be promise to you ? solomon my family . simmon you family ? 108 . solomon they be in a refugee camp . when they be here , you will get the stone . simmon take a moment to digest this . solomon ( cont 'd ) I will take the money , too . simmon see that Solomon be serious . simmon May I see what I be buy ? solomon you will get the stone once my family be here . simmon how do I even know you have it ? solomon you have my word . he look from simmon , to the other man , back to simmon . solomon ( cont 'd ) mister archer tell I this business be base on a person 's word . anda deal be make with a handshake . with a cordial smile , he extend he hand to simmon . 196 int . SMALL london HOTEL room - evening ( music over ) 196 Solomon sit on the edge of the bed , wait . the little room be litter with empty box of take - out . 197 later - tiffany's on bond ST . ( music over ) 197 Solomon stare at a diamond necklace the window . he 's never see a polished stone , let alone forty in a dazzle set . woman' voice ( english accent ) now that 's what I call bling . he look up to find a attractive english woman , black , 30' . solomon I beg you pardon ? black woman ..- you be African . ( off he look ... ) I be good with accent . she offer she hand . 198 109 . black woman ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth sweet . solomon I be Solomon vandy . later - as they walk along regent STREET 198 black woman ( elizabeth ) -- then after university I go to straight to work for the bank . I have always regret not have take more time off to travel . Africa especially . solomon it be very beautiful . black woman I can only imagine . tell I about Sierra leone ... Solomon stop walk . suddenly very afraid . solomon how do you know where I come from ? black woman you say -- solomon no . I do not say . ( step toward she ) who be you ? what do you want ? black woman ( backpedal ) look --~ solomon ET away from I ! black woman they only want to make sure you have it -- Solomon look around , suddenly frighten , certain now they be be observe . he turn and run off down the street . later - back in solomon' HOTEL room ( music over ) 199 he sit alone on the bed . the phone ring . he pick it up . solomon hello ? his eye begin to well . 200 201 202 110 . int . heathrow INTERNATIONAL terminal - day 200 Solomon watch the traveler come through the custom gate , he eye move over every face . maddy be nearby , watch from a respectful remove . then ... there they be ... like a vision . only real . jassie sola ! she run to he . Solomon 's daughter approach more tentatively . Solomon kneel down , scoops she in he arm . nearby , dia stand awkwardly , something damage in he eye . slowly he allow himself to be draw into he father 's arm . maddy be cry as well . the family remain in a embrace as the world move around they , unaware of the moment 's significance . ext . waterloo bridge -- day 201 Solomon and simmon meet again . a bentley idle nearby . simmon you be satisfied ? Solomon nod , start to reach into he pocket . simmon ( cont 'd ) not here . he climb into the wait car . Solomon warily follow . in the car 202 simmon 's associate hand over the briefcase . simmon take the dirty , tear - off pantleg with some distaste , but when he open it , he expression change to wonder . simmon extraordinary . the two associate stare at the stone in disbelief . simmon ( cont 'd ) May I drop you somewhere , Mr. vandy ? solomon no . thank you . Solomon open the door , use a phrase we have hear before . 203 204 205 206 lll . solomon ( cont 'd ) always a pleasure do business . four stories underground -- later ( music over ) 203 the thick steel door of the vault hiss open . the diamond , now lock in a glass box , be wheeled in on a cart . Security camera follow it . the box be place in its own steel drawer , amid a wall of steel drawer int . a SMALL office -- same ( music cont ) 204 maddy type away on a laptop . ext . front of dtc build - london - day ( music cont ) 205 as De wente step out of a shiny limo , he be meet by several tv cameras and reporter . reporter mister De wente ! cary wright , CNN . could you comment on allegation that you company busy blood diamond from Sierra leone ? bodyguard insist the reporter keep they distance . do wente I be not go to comment on some sensationalist magazine article . De wente International be as concerned as anyone about diamond from this region reach the marketplace . int . UN hearing room 206 superimpose : bcommittee on in : ional tr. 200 ambassador WALKER -- this situation be accountable for unspeakable tragedy ... oscan the room ) ... the natural resource of a nation be the sovereign property of its people ... the face of representatives , thoughtful and skeptical alike -- to maddy face as she sit among the reporter . the word wash over she . ambassador WALKER ( v.o.} ( cont 'd ) ... they be not ours to steal , or take by force , or exploit in the name of we comfort , we corporation , or we consumerism . 207 112 . int . outside the UN chamber - same 207 solomon sit on a marble bench wear he new suit . ambassador WALKER ( v.o. ) the third World be not a world apart and the witness you will hear today speak on its behalf . in Solomon 's lap be a copy of vanity Fair . it be open to maddy 's story on the diamond trade . on a face page be photograph : worker in a diamond mine ; Solomon at the refugee camp ; child soldier clutching weapon ; and a picture of archer . vibrant , intense , haunt . a UN page open the door . UN page they be ready for you , sir . Solomon close the magazine . stands . and head in . ambassador WALKER ( v.0o . ) let we hear the voice of that world , let we learn from that voice , and jet we ignore it no more . fade out :