" blood simple " by Joel coen and ethan coen landsccape a open voice - over play against dissolve Texas landscape -- broad , bare , and lifeless . voice -over the world be full of complainer . but the fact be , nothing come with a guarantee . I do not care if you be the Pope of Rome , President of the United States , or even man of the Year -- something can always go wrong . and go ahead , complain , tell you problem to you neighbor , ask for help -- watch he fly . now in Russia , they get it mapped out so that everyone pull for everyone else -- that 's the theory , anyway . but what I know about be Texas ... CUT to road night we be rush down a rain -swept country road , listen to the rhythmic swish of tire on wet asphalt . voice -over and down here ... you be on you own . int . car night we be look at the back of two people in the front seat -- a man , drive , and a woman next to he . they conversation will be punctuate by the occasional glare of oncoming headlight and the roar of the car rush by . the windshield wiper wave a soporific beat . the conversation be halting , awkward . woman ... he give I a little pearl-handled .38 for out first anniversary . man uh-huh . woman ... figure I would better leave before I use it on he . I do not know how you can stand he . man well , I be only a employee , I be not marry to he . woman yeah ... pause , as a oncoming car pass . finally : woman ... I do not know . sometimes I think there 's something wrong with he . like maybe he 's sick ? mentally ?... or be it maybe I , do you think ? man listen , I be not a marriage counselor . I do not know what go on , I do not wanna know ... but I like you . I always like you ... another car pass . man ... what be you gonna do in Houston ? woman I will figure something out ... how come you offer to drive I in this mess ? man I tell you . I like you . woman see , I never know that . man well now you do . woman ... Hell . another pause . another car . suddenly : woman stop the car , Ray ! close shot brake stamped on . ext . car low three - quarter on the car as it squeal to a halt . a car that have be follow screech to a halt just behind it . both car sit . rain patter . int . first car Close on the man , from behind . he look at the woman . man ... Abby ? she do not answer . he turn to look back and we see he face , for the first time , in the headlight of the car behind . he Pov the car behind they wait , patiently . rain drift down past its headlight . finally it pull out and pass they slowly , they headlight show it to be a batter green volkswagon . first the car itself , then its red taillight , disappear into the rain . back to the man cut between he and the woman , each from behind . man ... you know that car ? woman no . man what 's the matter ? woman I do not know ... I just think maybe I be make a mistake ... she look at the man . woman ... what be that back there ? man back where ? woman sign . man I do not know . Motel ... Abby -- woman Ray . do you mean that , what you say before , or be you just be a gentleman ? man Abby , I like you , but it 's no point start anything now . woman yeah . man I mean , I be not a marriage counselor -- woman yeah . the man be uncomfortable . man ... what do you want to do ? the woman be uncomfortable . after a long pause : woman ... what do you want to do ? motel room pull back from ray and ABBY in bed , make love . the only light be from car pass along the highway outside . each sweeping light - by end in black . the pullback end in a wide shot of the motel room . the black follow the last car linger . a telephone ring . same wide shot morning Ray and Abby be asleep . on a nightstand next to the bed , the telephone be ringing . Ray stir , reach for the phone . ray ... hello . voice have a good time ? ray ... what ? who be this ? voice I do not know , who 's this ? a silence at both end . voice ... you still there ? ray yeah , I be still here . Ray listen to another silence . it end with a disconnect . Abby be stir as Ray get out of bed . ABBY ... Ray ? ray yeah . ABBY what be that ? ray you husband . bar back office night we be tracking past a man seat behind a wooden desk , towards a 8 x 10 black - and - white photograph that have just be slap down on the desktop . the picture be of Abby and Ray in bed together in the motel room . voice I know a place you can get that frame . the voice be familiar as that of the narrator whose musing on life in Texas and the Soviet Union open the movie . we cut to he . he be settling himself into a chair face the desk . he be loren visser , a large unshaven man in a misshapen yellow leisure suit . he smile at the man behind the desk . julian marty sit stare down at the photograph . behind he a window open on the bar proper . country -western music filter in from the bar . marty be not pleased . marty what do you take this for ? visser what do you mean ... he remove a pouch of tobacco from he breast pocket and nonchalantly start roll a cigarette . visser ... just doin ' my job . marty you call I , I know they be there , so what do I need this for ? visser well , I do not know ... call it a fringe benefit . marty how long do you watch she ? visser most of the night ... he light he cigarette , then slap he lighter onto the desktop . it be silver , engrave on the top with a lariat spelling out " loren " in script , and on the side with a declaration that he be " elk man of the Year . " visser ... they would just rest a few minute and then get start again . quite something . marty stare down at the photograph . marty you know in Greece they cut off the head of the messenger who bring bad news . a smoke ring float into frame from offscreen . visser now that do not make much sense . marty no . it just make they feel better . marty rise and go to a safe behind he desk . visser laugh as he watch marty . visser well first off , Julian , I do not know what the story be in Greece but in this state we get very definite law about that ... marty , hunch over the stand safe behind he desk , toss in the photograph and take out a pay envelope . visser ... second place I be not a messenger , I be a private investigator . and third place -- and most important -- it be not such bad news . I mean you think he be a color . ( he laugh ) ... you be always assumin ' the worst ... visser blow another smoke ring , push a fat finger through the middle of it , and beam at marty . visser ... anything else ? marty yeah , do not come by here any more . if I need you again I know which rock to turn over . marty scale the pay envelope across the desk . it hit visser in the chest and bounce to the floor . visser look stonily down at the envelope ; no expression for a beat . then he roar with laughter . visser that 's good ... " which rock to turn over " ... that 's very good ... sigh , he lean forward to pick up the envelope . he rise , straighten he cowboy hat , and walk over to a screen door let out on the bar 's back parking lot . visser well , gimme a call whenever you wanna cut off my head ... he pause at the door , cock he head , then turn back to the desk and pick up he cigarette lighter . returning to the door : visser ... I can crawl around without it . the door slam shut behind he . marty scowl at the back door . after a moment he rise and cross the office to the window look out on the bar . over marty 's shoulder we see the long bar lead up to the window in perpendicular . the camera be tracking forward , past marty , to frame on the window . a black man be just now vaulting the near end of the bar , over onto the customer side . match CUT to : marty' bar reverse angle vaulting man track back with he as he land on the customer side and head across the bar . this shot , from the other side of the back - office window , reveal the window to be one - way glass mirrore on this side meurice , the black bartender , be muscular , about 200 pound , dress in white pants and a sleeveless T-shirt . he be make he way through the crowd towards the jukebox . another man stand in front of it examine the selection . he deposit a quarter . meurice hold it , hold it . what 's tonight ? man what ? meurice what night be it ? man ( study meurice ) ... Friday ? meurice right . Friday night be yankee night . where be you from ? man lubbock ? meurice shake he head and punch the selector button on the jukebox . meurice right . I be from Detroit ( turn to leave ) it 's a big city up north with tall building . a motown song drop . we track behind meurice as he make he way back toward the bar . when he reach it , he clap a couple of people on the shoulder , who make way for he . he vault back over the top , walk down the bar , and stop in from of a attractive white woman sit on a bar stool and sip a brandy . meurice where be I ? woman you we tell I about the Ring of Fire . meurice yeah , well , I may be get in over my head here , I mean you be the geologist , but my theory for what it 's worth , you get all this volcanoe and each time one pop it 's the equivalent of what , twenty , thirty megaton of tnt ? enough to light Las Vegas for how long ? how many year ? course , I be no mathematician but -- marty meurice . marty be approach from the direction of the office . meurice yeah , I know . pour them short . marty have Ray come in yet ? meurice no , he 's off tonight . where be he last night ? marty ( glaring ) how would I know ? meurice I do not know , do not he call ? marty lose he glare and he gaze drift over to the woman . after a awkward pause , meurice clear he throat . meurice ... marty , I would like you to meet a old friend of mine , debra . debra , this be Julian marty , the dude I be always talk about . she be unselfconsciously return marty 's stare . marty if he do come in I be not here ... what be you drink , debra ? debra remy . marty you have get a very sophisticated palate . debra thanks . marty give debra here another drink , and give I the usual . meurice walk down the bar . debra ... what 's a palate ? marty study she for a beat , she study he , he smile . marty listen , I get ticket for the oiler and the Rams next week in the astrodome . ever sit on the fifty yard line ? debra I do not follow baseball . marty laugh . marty you will not have to . I will explain what a palate be . debra you will not have to . I just want to see if you know . marty smile bleakly . debra drain she glass as meurice return . he set another cognac in front of debra , and a glass of milk in front of marty . marty what 's this ? meurice you say the usual -- marty Red label . meurice ( pick up the milk ) right . sorry . marty pour that back . meurice what . marty do not throw that out . meurice right . he wander on down the bar ; marty 's attention return to the woman . marty so how long have you know meurice ? debra about ten year . marty 's attention be catch by something down the bar . he half - rise from he stool . marty what --waitaminute -- what ... he Pov meurice be pour the milk down the sink . he look innocently up . meurice what . back to marty angry but not know what to say . he glance around the bar , sink slowly back onto he stool . marty deuce in the corner need help . meurice right . marty sit stare across the bar for a moment , nod a couple of time at nothing in particular , then look back at the woman . marty ... so what be you do tonight ? debra go out with meurice . marty toss a beer nut into he mouth . marty tell he you have a headache . debra give he a level stare . debra it will pass . marty we do not seem to be communicate -- debra you want to hustle I . I do not want to be hustle . it 's as simple as that . now that I have communicate , why do not you leave ? marty I own the place . debra Christ , I be get bored . marty I be not surprised , the company you have be keep the last ten year . they both fall silent as meurice enter frame . he take a bottle from the bar and pour himself a drink . marty what 's this ? meurice what . marty ( point at meurice 's drink ) this . meurice Jack Daniels . do not worry , I be pay for it . marty that 's not the point . meurice what 's the point ? marty the point be we do not serve nigger here . meurice where ? ( he look over he shoulder ; up and down the bar ) ... I be very careful about that . marty toss back meurice 's drink , then turn to debra , smile . marty he think I be kid . everybody think I be kid ; ( as he turn to leave ) if Ray come in I be not home . debra watch he go , then turn back to meurice . debra Nice guy . meurice not really . what would you say you last name be ? marty' house tracking down hallway we be follow a large german shepherd as it pad down the hall toward a warmly light room at its end . we hear only the sound of the dog 's paw on the hardwood floor , and the faint click of billiard ball . billiard room it be a panele , carpete room with black leather furniture and a nine - foot billiard table . various stuff animal trophy be scattered around the room , include a moose head mount on one wall . Ray stand alone in the foreground , shoot pool , a unlit cigarette in he mouth . the room be very quiet . in the background the german shepherd enter from the hallway , sit down in a corner , and benignly watch Ray . upstair bedroom it be expensively appoint ; a brightly light woman 's bedroom . Abby be open a hinge drawer in a white antique bureau . she pull out a leather handbag , grope nervously through its content , then put it aside . she cross the room to a vanity table , take a purse from underneath , and spill its content out on top of the table . billiard room Ray pocket a couple of ball , look over at the dog , then up at the wall at the far end of the room . ray' Pov hanging on the wall be a couple of frame photograph of marty and Abby , take a long time ago . back to ray stare at the picture . he look back down at the pool table . upstair bedroom Abby be sit on a large double bed . she put aside another purse , rise and cross the room hurriedly , and push back the slide door of a long wardrobe closet . the upper shelf be line with handbags -- fifteen or twenty of they . she grab the first one , look in , toss it aside ; grab the second , look -- and stop . her Pov Inside the purse , a small pearl - handle gun . billiard room Ray be now stand in front of the picture on the wall , look from one to the next . ray' Pov a picture of Abby and marty stand together on a Gulf beach . marty be wear a long velour beach robe , Abby be in a swim suit . Ray 's hand enter frame . he trace a finger down she leg . close shot ray his head cocked to the side . after a moment he eye shift . extreme close shot photo detail of marty 's face . he be stare into the camera , at whoever take the picture . his head be throw back slightly ; he be laugh . from offscreen in the quiet room we hear a static hum and then Abby 's voice over a intercom . abby' voice Ray ...? back to ray he turn from the photograph and walk to a intercom speaker next to the mount moose 's head . he press the speaker button . ray yeah ... he idly take he unlit cigarette and stick it in the moose 's mouth . ray ... you get what you want ? abby' voice yeah . let 's get out of here . marty' front foyer we be look across a dark , high - ceiling foyer toward the front door . Ray lean against the doorjamb , in silhouette in the open doorway . he be face a curve staircase that descend into the foyer . Abby appear at the second - floor landing and start down the stair . ray why d' you wanna leave all this ? ABBY you kid ? I do not wanna leave all this , I just wanna leave marty ... as she reach the bottom of the stair : ABBY ... drive I to a motel ? ray you can stay at my place , I will drop you there . ABBY where ... where you go ? ray see a guy . ABBY ( nervously ) do not go to the bar , Ray . I know he , that be not a good idea . ray I just gotta see a guy . marty' bar the crowd have thin out . meurice and debra be in the foreground . Ray enter from the street and make he way over to they . meurice howdy stranger . ray meurice . sorry I do not show last night . meurice be not too busy . you miss a good one , though . this white guy walk in about one o'clock , ask if we have a discount for alcoholics ... I tell he to get lose , but marty 's sit here listen and I can tell he 's think that maybe it be not such a bad idea ... he pour debra another drink and start to set one up for Ray . meurice ... Ray , this be debra . she 's a geologist . that 's the theory of rock . Ray nod at debra . ray be marty here ? meurice not here tonight . be not here last night . he 's especially not back in he office . ray ( leave ) thanks meurice . meurice for what ? ext . back of marty' bar marty be sit on the stoop that descend from he back office to a gravel back parking lot ; he be frame in the open doorway of he brightly light office . he stare fixedly at something offscreen . marty' Pov in the middle distance a huge incinerator operate full blast . Orange flame lick out the side ; white smoke billow out the top . two figure in silhouette be chuck garbage in through a large gate . back to marty behind he , in the office , we see the door from the bar open , and Ray enter . ray marty ? marty look over he shoulder , then back toward the furnace . Ray descend the stoop and stand in front of he . ray ... well ...? what ? marty stare past Ray across the parking lot . marty what " what " ? ray be I fire ? you wanna hit I ? what ? marty I do not particularly want to talk to you . ray well ... if you be not gonna fire I I might as well quit . marty Fine . suit yourself . ( still stare fixedly at the furnace ) ... have a good time ? Ray tense . there be a pause . ray ... I do not like this kind of talk . marty still stare at the furnace . marty then what would you come here for ? ray ( no more conciliation ) you owe I for two week . marty shake he head . marty nope . she 's a expensive piece of ass ... he finally look up at Ray . marty ... you get a refund though , if you tell I who else she 's be sluice . ray I want that money . if you wanna tell I something , fine -- marty what be you , a fuck marriage counselor ? Ray break into a strain half - smile . marty grin humorlessly back , mimick Ray 's smile . marty what be you smile at -- I be a funny guy , right , I be a asshole ? no , no , that 's not what 's funny . what 's funny be she . what 's funny be that I have you two follow because , if it be not you , she 's be sleep with someone else ... he grab a knee in each hand and lean forward , still look at Ray . he be become only slightly more animated . marty ... what 's really go to be funny be when she give you that innocent look and say , what be you talk about , Ray , I have not do anything funny ... he lean back again . marty ... but the funniest thing to I right now be that you think she come back here for you --* that 's * what 's funny . Ray move forward and marty 's eye follow he as he approach . marty 's smile abruptly turn to a look of apprehension . Ray enter frame and brushes past marty as he walk up the stoop , and cross the back office toward the bar . marty relax , and he gaze return to the furnace . marty ... come on this property again and I will be force to shoot you ... Ray open the door to the bar and shut it softly behind he . marty ... Fair notice . marty' office later close shot ceiling fan at the cut the music and all other bar noise drop out . we hear only the rhythmic whir of the fan . we tilt down from the ceiling fan to frame marty , tilt back in he desk chair , stare up at the fan . meurice ( o.s. ) marty ... wide shot the office meurice be stand in the door to the bar . Far behind he we can see debra wait in the dimly light , desert bar . meurice ... I think you be dead . go home ? marty no . I think I will stay right here in hell . meurice ( turn to leave ) kind of a bleak point of view there , be not it marty ? marty meurice ... meurice pause in the doorway . marty ... I do not want that asshole near my money . I do not even want he in the bar . meurice we get a lot of asshole in here , marty . meurice and debra can be hear leave the bar . marty look down at the telephone in front of he on the desk , then pick up the receiver and dial . he tilt back in the chair and stare back up at the ceiling . marty' Pov the ceiling fan , turn slowly . ext . ray' bungalow from inside ray' car in the foreground Ray sit behind the wheel of he park car , slump back against the seat . he be stare at he one - story bungalow , in which a couple of light be burn . Inside we can faintly hear he telephone ringing . it ring for a long time . ray' live room close shot the ringing telephone Abby 's hand enter frame , hesitates , then after another ring pick up . ABBY hello ? the be no answer . from the other end we hear only the rhythmic whir of a ceiling fan . marty' office marty listen . he say nothing , still tilt back in he chair , stare at the ceiling . ray' live room Abby listen . she shift the phone to she other ear , listen hard to the sound of the fan . there be another long pause . ABBY ... marty ? the phone go dead just as we hear the front door open . Abby look up as she cradle the phone . Ray be stand in the doorway . ray who be it ? ABBY what ? ray on the phone . be it for you ? ABBY I do not know , he do not say anything . ray uh-huh . so how do you know it be a he ? ABBY ( smile ) you get a girl -- be I screwing something up by be here ? Ray lean against the door and fold he arm , watch Abby . ray no , be I ? Abby look at he , puzzle . after a uncomfortable pause : ABBY ... I can find a place tomorrow , then I will be outta you hair . ray if that 's what you want to do , then you oughta do it . you , uh ... you want the bed or the couch ? Abby shift uneasily , look at Ray . ABBY well ... the couch would be all right ... ray you can sleep on the bed if you want . ABBY well ... I be not gonna put you out of you bed ... ray you would not be put I out . ABBY ... well , I would be okay in here -- Ray walk toward the bedroom . ray okay . marty' office later still tilt back in he chair , marty stare glumly at the ceiling . the bar itself be completely still except the rhythmic whir of the fan . close shot a ceiling fan turn slowly . we tilt down from the fan to frame Abby , lie under a sheet on Ray 's couch , stare up at the fan in the darken live room . the room be still . we hear only the whir of the fan and the distant sound of cricket . Abby turn she head , look offscreen . her Pov a ray of light slant up the hallway from the direction of the bedroom . the light be snap off , leave the hallway in darkness . we hear a faint cough and the creak of bedspring . ray' bedroom Ray lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . ray' live room / hallway long shot the live room from the hallway Abby sit up . she stand and walk across the moonlit room toward the hallway . we pull she back down the hall toward the bedroom . she pause in the bedroom doorway and look down toward the bed . abby' Pov Ray in bed , he eye close . back to ABBY we pull she as she enter the room , then tilt down with she as she hesitantly sit on the edge of the bed . abby' Pov Close shot , Ray asleep . back to ABBY frame against a moonlit window from the shoulder up . there be a long pause . Ray 's hand enter frame and pull Abby down out of frame onto the bed . we hold on the moonlit window . dissolve through to : same window same angle pre-dawn through the window the slow dissolve gradually define the front lawn and the street beyond in the flat pre-dawn light . Abby rise into frame and quietly get out of bed . the camera track behind she as she walk up the hallway into the live room . we follow she across the live room and move into a close shot on she hand as she reach into she purse and withdraw a small plastic compact . low -angle close shot ABBY she flip open the compact , then , hearing something , look up , squinting across the room . abby' Pov in the shadow at the far end of the room we can just see two point ear and a glitter pair of eye . the german shepherd be panting softly . over abby' shoulder as she peer into the shadow , she face reflect in the mirror of the open compact . ABBY opal -- in the mirror something move just behind she . Abby start to turn . marty 's hand clamp over she mouth from behind . his other hand circle she waist . Abby struggle . marty ( quietly ) lover - boy oughta lock he door ... marty 's hand drop from she waist to she thigh and slide under the robe . marty ... lotta nut out there . still hold she from behind , marty force she down on she knee . Abby 's cry be muffle by the hand clamp over she mouth . marty shoot a glance down the dark hallway . there be no movement . Abby 's hand be grop forward out of frame . close shot abby' purse she upset it . the content spill out , among they a small pearl- handle revolver . her hand grope for the gun . back to ABBY and marty marty yank she to she foot , look down the hallway . marty let 's do it outside ... he be drag she to the front door . marty ... in nature . he push she through the screen door . ext . ray' bungalow the neighborhood be desert and still . the streetlamp be still on . marty and Abby stumble down the front stoop onto the lawn . his hand be still clamp over she mouth . she reach up , grab a finger , and bend it back . we hear the bone snap . marty scream . his hand drop . his other hand cuff she on the side of the head , spin she around . marty be now clutching he break finger with he good hand . Abby kick he in the groin . he sink to he knee , drop forward on one hand , and vomit . front stoop Ray be come out the door , hitching up he pants . in he right hand he hold Abby 's pearl - handle revolver . marty slowly get to he foot , look at Ray . ABBY she have back away from marty and now stand on the lawn , breathe heavily . she look from Ray to marty . back to marty back toward he car , a cadillac park at curbside , still look at Ray . he turn to get into the car . the german shepherd lope across the lawn and take a clean leap into the car through the open window on the passenger side . marty turn the ignition . the engine cough and die . he try again ; it start . the car roar up the street . ray watch the car . he look at Abby . ABBY still panting . up the street we can hear marty 's car alternately racing and stop , shifting in and out of gear . his engine rumble start to grow louder again . ray like to have see he face when he find the dead end . in the background we see marty 's car roar by in the opposite direction . mount bonnel evening lateral track move past a row of car park on a overlook near the top of the mountain . below we can see the light of the city of Austin . the lot be litter with beer can . we hear the sound of rock music come from various car radio . several teenager lean against car drink beer ; inside the car we can see the vague form of other . teenager hey mister , how would you break you pussyfinger ? his friend laugh . track pulling marty ignoring the laughter as he walk past the car , apparently look for someone . his right index finger be tape up in a aluminum splint . marty' Pov at the end of a row of car we see a green volkswagon bug . lean against the hood be visser , still dress in he rumple yellow suit . he be smoking a cigarette , talk to a sixteen - year - old girl in short and a tube top . when he notice marty : visser ( to the girl ) sorry sweetheart , my date be here ... the girl drift off . marty enter frame and visser turn to he . visser ... she see I roll a cigarette and think it be marijuana . ( he laugh ) I guess she think I be a swinger . visser open the back door of the car . marty ignore the invitation , walk around to the front on the passenger side and get in . int . visser' car as visser get into the driver 's seat . a small topless doll be suspend from the rearview mirror . visser give it a tap . as it swing back and forth two small light , one behind each breast , blink on and off . visser id nat wild ? both man sit watch the doll intently . finally marty reach up and stop its swinging with the round end of he splint . visser eye the splint . visser ( genially ) stick you finger up the wrong person 's ass ? marty be silent , but visser be in a good mood . visser you know a friend of mine break he hand a while back . put in a cast . very next day he take a fall , protect he bad hand , fall on he good one , break that too . so now he 's get two bust flipper and I say to he " creighton , I hope you wife love you . ' Cause for the next five week you can not wipe you own goddamn ass ... " overcome by laughter . finally : visser ... that 's the test , be not it ? test of true love -- marty get a job for you . visser ( settling down ) ... well , if the pay 's right and it 's legal I will do it . marty it 's not strictly legal . visser shrug , light up another cigarette with he fraternally inscribe lighter and drop the lighter onto the dashboard . visser if the pay 's right I will do it . marty it 's , uh ... it 's in reference to that gentleman and my wife . the more I think about it the more irritate I get . visser yeah ? well how irritate be you ? marty do not answer . finally visser laugh . visser ... gee , I be sorry to hear that . can you tell I what you want I to do or be it a secret ? marty listen , I be not -- this be not a joke here . visser eye he , still smile . finally he shrug . visser you want I to kill them . marty I do not say that . ( a pause ) well ? visser well what ? marty what do you think ? visser you be a idiot . marty 's shoulder slump . he seem less tense , almost relieved . marty so , uh ... this would not interest you . visser I do not say that . all I say be you be a idiot . Hell , you be think about it so much it 's drive you simple . they be stare at each other . marty ten thousand dollar I will give you . visser laugh again . visser I be suppose to do a murder -- two murder -- and just trust you not to go simple on I and do something stupid . I mean real stupid . now why should I trust you ? marty for the money . visser ( sober ) the money . yeah . that 's a right smart of money ... he turn and gaze out the window . visser ... in Russia they make only fifty cent a day . he fall silent again , still stare out the window in the closeness of the car marty be start to sweat . marty ( hoarsely ) ... there 's a big -- visser ( abruptly ) I want you to go fishing . marty ... what ? visser go down to Corpus for a few day . get yourself notice . I will give you a call when it 's do ... you just find a way to cover that money . marty be slump in he seat , not respond to the fact that visser have just end the conversation . finally he rouse himself and get out of the car , leave visser stare at the door he have leave open behind he . after a moment we hear marty 's footstep approach again , and he lean back into the open door with a afterthought . marty I will take care of the money , you just make sure that body be not find ... there 's a ... this word be difficult to say . marty ... if you want , there 's a big incinerator behind my place ... the two man look at each other . marty leave . after a moment , visser lean over to grab the handle of the still open door . visser ( under he breath ) sweet Jesus , you be disgusting . the door slam . int . empty apartment night the apartment be dark . we be look across a shadowy floor towards a large window , through which cold blue street light shine . through the window we can see the facade of the building across the street ; we be three or four floor up . we can hear the animated , accented voice of a Hispanic woman approach the apartment from the hallway behind we . landlady ( o.s. ) -- big window , paneleen and everytheen . so you want , like you own place ? like a town House ? a crack of light shoot across the floor as we hear the apartment door open behind we . a figure enter frame . as it cross into the shaft of light we see that it be Abby . she move across the dark apartment , in silhouette against the window . landlady ( o.s. ) no one will bother you here , sweetie - - a overhead light be switch on and the room be bath in light . several foot from Abby , a old man in a dirty undershirt be asleep on a cot . Abby start . the old man grumble , slowly sit up , squint . with the light , the window behind Abby have become a mirror of the entire room , in which we now see the matronly landlady stand by the wall switch . the landlady roar at the old man in Spanish . the man glower at she . the landlady look back at Abby . landlady ( cheerful again ) I show you around . we follow Abby as she accompany the landlady back into the short hallway - entrance foyer . Abby glance back at the old man . ABBY be you sure this be ... be you sure this apartment be vacant ?... Mrs. esteve ? the landlady laugh cheerfully . landlady oh yes ... she gesture to a kitchen alcove on the leave . landlady ... that 's the kitchen ... she turn and throw a few more barb in Spanish back toward the old man , then open a door on the right side of the foyer and enter the bathroom . landlady ... this be the bathroom ... she flush the toilet . landlady ... the toilet work and everytheen ... she bustles out of the bathroom and take the two short step back into the main room . she gesture expansively . landlady ... and here we be back in the liveen room . she give one vigorous stomp . landlady ... good floor . Gas heat . she point . landlady ... that 's Mr. Garcia . the old man be now sit on the edge of the bed , smoking a cigarette , look for a place to put the ash . the landlady snap at he again in Spanish , and be again cheerful as she turn back to address Abby . landlady ... I be just esplaineen to he that he move out of here yesterday ... she walk to the apartment door . landlady ... you look around . do not mind Mr. Garcia ; he use do be my brother - in - law . she walk out and shut the door . the room be quiet . close shot ABBY stare at the door . she look at Mr. Garcia , look nervously around the apartment . she look back at Mr. Garcia . close shot mr . garcia stare vacantly at Abby . he blow a stream of smoke across the room . the ash fall off he cigarette . strip bar night exhorter's cubicle hunched over the public address microphone in he small cubicle of exhortation , be the middle - age strip - bar barker . year of service in the bar have leave he exhortation depressingly bereft of conviction . exhorter how ' bout it , gentleman , let 's show out appreciation for lorraine up there , a register nurse from bolton , Texas , how ' bout it gentleman , yeah ... the bar proper meurice be one of a line of man sit at the bar , all look intently at the same point off leave . all of the man except meurice be conservatively dress and apparently well - to- do . a audio loop be blaring a bump -and -grind version of " yellow Rose of Texas , " punctuate by the crash of cymbal and the thumping of tom . Abby enter and sit into a empty chair next to meurice . ABBY look like the state legislature be out of session . meurice continue to stare intently off . meurice I think this be where they meet . all of the head at the bar start to swivel , include meurice 's . a couple of patron hurriedly snatch they drink off the bar . in the extreme foreground a stripper dance on the top of the bar into frame . we crop she just above she white high - heele cowboy boot and she bare calve . the conversation continue with Abby look at meurice , but meurice and everyone else at the bar look up at a point somewhere above the stripper 's calve . ABBY listen meurice , you be gonna help I with a problem . meurice I be ? the stripper drop a white leatherette vest onto the bar in the foreground . the audience cheer . ABBY you be gonna keep a eye on marty and Ray , make sure nothing happen . meurice it will not ? two sheriff - star pasty drop onto the bar . the audience cheer . meurice ... ever occur to you , Abby , that maybe I be the wrong person to ask ? the exhorter into he microphone . exhorter let 's not sit on we wallet , gentleman . lorraine be up there dance she heart out , and if you let that cash money set on you hip , you might just as well be break ... ABBY and meurice she be rise to leave ; he be still stare off . ABBY thanks , meurice . meurice any time . but you do not have to worry about a thing for a while . marty go down to Corpus yesterday . a old - west gunbelt hit the bar . the audience roar . the exhorter into he microphone . exhorter and remember , gentleman , we be always here , two to two , a.m. to p.m. , three hundred and sixty - four day and Christmas , God willing and the creek do not rise ... ray' bedroom the room be dark . we be look across the room toward a moonlit window . Beyond , across the lawn , the lamplit street be empty . suddenly Abby sit bolt upright into frame from the bed below . ABBY he 's in the house . offsccreen we hear Ray stir in bed . ray what 's the matter ? Abby twist around to look down at he . ABBY I could have swear I hear something . ray door 's lock . nothing there . he pull she down out of frame and we hold on the window and the empty lamplit street . then Abby rise back into frame , in silhouette against the window , look down at Ray . ABBY I know it . ' Cause we would not have hear anything if it be he . he 's real careful . fact be , he 's anal . ray ... huh ? ABBY yeah , he tell I once himself . he say to I ... she tap herself on the forehead . ABBY ... " in here , Abby . in here ... I be anal . " high angle ray look up at Abby . ray ( yawn ) ... well I will be damned . ABBY I could not believe it either ... side angle ABBY frame against the window , look down at Ray . ABBY ... I on the other hand , I get lot of personality ... she drop down onto the bed out of frame . the camera hold on the window through which we see the empty lamplit street . ABBY marty always say I have too much . ' course he be never big on personality ... she rise back up into frame , in silhouette against the window . ABBY ... he send I to a psychiatrist to see if he could calm I down some . ray yeah ? what happen ? ABBY psychiatrist say I be the healthiest person he would ever meet , so marty fire he . ray ( sleepily ) ... I do not know if you can fire a psychiatrist , exactly . ABBY well , I do not see he anymore , I will tell you that much . high angle ray his eye half - close . ray uh-huh . ABBY I say , marty , how come you be anal and I gotta go to the psychiatrist ? ray what would he say ? side angle ABBY frame against the window . ABBY nothing . he 's like you , he do not say much . ray ( murmure ) thanks . ABBY except when he do not say thing they be usually nasty . ray ... mm-hmm . ABBY when you do not they be usually nice . ray ... you ever get tired ? ABBY huh ? oh , yeah , I guess . mm-hmm . Ray 's hand rise into frame and coax Abby back down onto the bed , revealing , through the window , a green volkswagon now park at curbside on the lamplit street . we hear the rustle of sheet . as we hold on the window , we begin to hear the faint , distant sound of metal scraping against metal . hallway / live room we track down the dark hallway into the live room . as the camera advance the sound of the scraping become louder . we be move across the live room up to the front door of the bungalow . the scraping be louder still as we finally frame on a close shot of the doorknob , which be jiggling ever so slightly . we hear a click as the lock finally release . the door swing slowly open , revealing a man 's hand on the outside doorknob . we follow the hand as the man advance slowly and quietly across the live room . Abby 's purse come into frame , sit on a bureau ; next to it be a large tote bag . the hand rummages through the tote bag briefly , then the purse . the man withdraw Abby 's pearl - handle revolver . he break it open . low -angle close shot the man' face it be visser . as we hear a click offscreen , he face glow a dim orange . back to he hand his right hold the revolver , cylinder open , inside the purse . his leave hold he cigarette lighter as he inspect the chamber . Three of the hole glint silver , the other three be black -- empty . we hear the faint creak of bedspring . wide shot live room visser cock he head , listen , and look down the hallway . he take a couple of quiet step across the live room and , as the camera track up to he , open the back door of the bungalow . we follow he outside onto the lawn . ext . ray' bungalow we track behind he as he round the corner of the house and approach the open window to Ray 's bedroom . he slow , move more cautiously , then sink to he knee under the window . as he reach into he breast pocket the camera continue tracking up to and over he , finally frame he Pov through the window . on the bed inside we can dimly see Abby and Ray , asleep . we have be hearing a faint rumble , become louder and louder as if approach from a distance . just as the rumble become deafen a sudden bright flash of light illuminate the room , seem to polarize the image of Abby and Ray in bed , and we : CUT to ext . phone booth day a huge truck roar by on the street behind visser , and with it the deafen rumble recede . it be a painfully bright day . visser stand sweat in the phone booth with the receiver press to he ear . we hear the phone ringing at the other end . finally , it be pick up . voice hello . visser marty ? marty yeah . be it ... visser ya catch any fish ? marty ... what ? visser ya catch any fish ? marty yeah ... visser ... what kind of fish ? marty listen , what be it ? be it do ? visser force a chuckle . visser ... yessir , you owe I some money . marty' office night close shot two string of fish be plopped down onto marty 's desk . wider the office visser sit face the desk . he light himself a cigarette and set the lighter down on the desk in front of he . marty settles , fidget , into the chair behind it . the bar be quiet , shut down . we hear only the whir of a fan somewhere offscreen . marty and visser be light by a lamp on the desk between they . Light stream into the room from a bathroom in the background . visser be look at the dead fish . visser ( dully ) they look good . marty half - rise from he seat and pick up one of the string . marty want a couple ? he drop they on visser 's side of the desk . visser 's head draw back : he be only be polite . visser just the ten thousand will be fine . marty get something to show I first ? visser hand a 9 x 12 envelope across the desk . marty stare at it for a moment , then quickly bend back the flap and take out a 8 x 10 photograph . the photograph it be a black - and - white shot of Abby and Ray in Ray 's bed . the sheet that partially cover they be pock with three dark bullet hole and be stain with blood . marty stare dully down at the picture . marty Dead , huh ? visser so it would seem . close shot the top of the desk visser be push the fish away from he side of the desk with the eraser end of a pencil . marty what do you ... back to marty still look at the picture . he trace the outline of Abby 's body with he finger . marty ... what do you do with the body ? visser it 's take care of . the less you know about it the better . marty Jesus , I do not believe it ... marty slip the picture back into its 9 x 12 envelope . his face be pale . marty ... I think I be gonna be sick . he rise and head for the bathroom , still clutching the envelope . close shot visser as he eye follow marty 's exit . the bathroom door do not close all the way ; a narrow shaft of light slice the office from the bare bulb in the bathroom . visser I will want that picture back ... he turn to look across the desk . visser' Pov the stand safe behind the desk . back to visser still look at the safe . bead of sweat have pop out on he forehead . he fan himself with he cowboy hat . visser ... and you do say something ' about some money . we hear a toilet flush offscreen . long shot marty' office as he reenter the office . marty you money , yeah . visser stare dully down at the desktop . visser something I get to ask you , marty . I have be very very careful . have you be very very careful ? marty of course . visser nobody know you hire I ? high angle corner of the office marty be hunch over the open safe , still hold the envelope . block visser 's view of the safe with he body , he slide the picture of Abby 's and Ray 's corpse from under the envelope into the safe , then withdraw two packet of money . marty do not be absurd , I be not about to tell anyone ... he shut the safe and spin the dial . marty ... this be a illicit romance - - we have get to trust each other to be discreet ... he walk across the room and throw the money and the envelope down on the desk . marty ... for richer , for poorer . visser look from the money down at he hand . they be sweat . visser do not say that . you marriage do not work out so hot ... he wipe he hand on he pants . visser ... how do you cover the money ? marty sit and prop he boot foot up on the desk . marty it 's take care of . the less you know about it the better . he smile . marty ... I just make a call about that . it will look fine . visser ( shaking he head ) I must have go money simple . this kind of murder ... he nod toward the envelope on the desk . visser ... it 's too damn risky . marty then you should not have do it . can not have it both way . he push the money across the desk with he boot . marty ... Count it if you want . visser ( reach into he coat ) Nah , I trust ya . his hand come out with a gun point at marty and -- bam -- he fire , a orange lick of flame spurting from the gun . both man sit freeze . visser 's hand be the only thing that move . close shot marty stare at visser . after the gun blast we hear only the whir of the fan . close shot visser stare at marty . mo shot marty over visser' shoulder his eye be now shut . otherwise he have not move . a blood stain be grow on the front of he shirt . wide shot the office the two face each other across the desk . visser 's gun be still train on marty . after a moment visser start fan himself again with he cowboy hat . the only movement in the frame be the slow back - and - forth of the yellow hat , rhythmically in and out of shadow as it catch and lose the light from the desk lamp . there be a long pause . finally one of marty 's foot slip from the desk and hit the floor with a thud . visser lay the gun on the desk . close shot visser as he reach into he breast pocket and withdraw a handkerchief . he wipe he forehead , then pick up the gun and wipe it off . he lean down with the gun . close shot the gun as visser place it deliberately on the floor near the desk . it be Abby 's pearl - handle revolver . the desktop from desk level as visser straighten up in the foreground . from we head - on angle shoot across the desk we can see the bright metallic glint of visser 's cigarette lighter underneath the dead fish . visser 's hand move over the near part of the desk , pick up the money and the 9 x 12 picture envelope . extreme high shot the office as visser turn from the desk and walk across the room out of frame . we hear the back door open . visser who look stupid now . the door slam shut . the only sound be the whir of the fan . a pause . the camera track slowly forward , tilting down to keep marty and the desktop center in frame . as the camera move the noise of the fan grow louder . when marty 's body and the desk be directly beneath we , the blade of the ceiling fan cut across the immediate foreground and effect a : wipe to : marty' bar later it be completely still . we be look from the bar , across the dark empty floor , toward the pebble window at the front of the building that catch a hard blue light from the streetlamp outside . the jukebox in the middle distance glow in the darkness . a pair of headlight catch the pebble glass and grow brighter as we hear a car pull up to the bar and stop . we hear a car door open and shut , then the sound of foot on gravel . a huge shadow appear on the pebble glass as the figure cross in front of the headlight . the man try the door , find it lock , and walk back in front of the headlight to cup he hand at a window . he walk back to the door , and a moment later it swing open -- frame he in the doorway in silhouette . we follow he as he move across the floor , behind the bar and up to the cash register . he switch on a small fluorescent light clamp to the top of the cash register . it be Ray . he punch a key and the register ring open . he lift up the empty cash drawer and take some papers from underneath it . ray' Pov as he flip through the papers ; bill , receipt , no money . back to ray as he finish flipping through the papers . ray ( mutter ) damn ... he slip they back under the cash drawer and slam the register shut . turn from the register he glance around the bar , the pause , notice something . ray' Pov Light be spilling out from under the door to marty 's office . back to ray as he start across the floor to marty 's office . ray marty ... he reach the door and knock sharply . no answer . he turn the knob . ray marty ... the door be lock . we hear the muffle whir of the ceiling fan inside . a pause . Ray withdraw a ring of key from he pocket and use one on the door . the door swing open . over he shoulder we see marty , still at he desk , he back to we . on foot be still propped on the desk . ray what 's the matter , you deaf ? no answer . Ray stumble toward marty . he stumble slightly and we hear the sharp blast of a gun and the sound of something metallic skate across the floor . Ray , startle , steady himself against the desk , then study marty . ray' Pov there be a dark pool of blood under marty 's chair . back to ray he look back up at marty , then walk behind he chair and throw a wall switch . the room be bath in light . his eye still on marty , Ray cross behind the desk . ray' Pov tracking shot the camera move in a slow arc around the back of marty 's motionless head . back to ray still move . he look away from marty , scan the floor . he get down on he hand and knee and peer under the safe . ray' Pov there be a glint silver circle in the darkness under the safe . it be the business end of the revolver that Ray half - stumble over , half - kick . back to ray still on he hand and knee . he reach in and we hear a rattle as he grope under the safe . he withdraw the gun , look at it . the gun it be Abby 's revolver . back to ray for a long moment he do not move . then , slowly , he start to get up . wider the desk , marty behind it , Ray straighten behind he . Ray look from the gun to marty , slowly set the gun down on the desk . a pause . he begin to hoist marty from the chair . there be noise from the bar , as of someone enter . Ray react . the door separate the bar and back office . Ray hurry to it . meurice ( o.s. ) marty ? footstep approach the door . extreme close shot ray' hand on the door bolt he turn it gently . the bolt click shut . back to ray meurice 's footstep draw nearer . meurice ( o.s. ) marty , ya home ? there be a rap at the door ; Ray stand freeze . the doorknob rattles . Ray reach out compulsively to grab it , but stop himself before actually touch it . now meurice 's footstep can be hear go casually back into the bar . we hold on Ray 's rigidly set face . meurice ( o.s. ) what day be it today , Angie ? woman ( o.s. ) Tuesday . meurice ( o.s. ) Tuesday be lady ' night . woman ( o.s. ) what ? meurice ( o.s. ) Tuesday night be lady ' night . all you drink be free . we hear a record drop on the jukebox and a motown song blare . Ray cross to marty 's chair and take off he nylon windbreaker . he stoops down and try to mop up the pool of blood with he windbreaker . this be not go to work . he rise and walk over to the bathroom , the windbreaker drip blood . marty' office bathroom close shot faucet the song continue faintly in the background . the faucet be turn on and Ray 's hand enter frame , hold a dirty white towel under the stream of water . blood -spatter floor the song continue in the background . Ray 's hand enter frame hold the ball - up towel . his windbreaker be wrap inside . the camera follow as he push it across the trail of drip blood to the pool of blood under marty 's chair . close shot marty he still have not move . Ray rise into frame and take he under the armpit . he notice something on the desk in front of he . close shot the gun on the desk Ray 's hand enter frame and pick it up . close shot marty' coat pocket Ray 's hand enter frame and slip the gun into marty 's pocket . marty be hoist up . ext . back of the bar / parking lot Ray appear in the doorway . the music from the bar , though fainter , can still be hear . there be three or four wooden step go down from the back door to the small gravel parking lot in back . Ray back down the stair ; marty 's foot thump -thump -thump down the stair after he . the rear door of Ray 's car be open . Ray heave in marty 's torso . marty 's leg rest on the ground outside the car . Ray take a ankle in each hand and push . close shot ray as he shut the door . he look up across the parking lot . ray' Pov the incinerator belching fire and smoke . we hear its distant roar over the bar song . we hear the car door slam . high -angle tracking shot toward incinerator we be look down on Ray 's car as the camera track behind it towards the incinerator . at the cut the roar of the incinerator be suddenly louder . it grow louder still as we approach it . Ray 's car draw even with the incinerator without slow or stop . the wad - up towel be chuck out of he window into the fire . we hold on the fire as Ray 's car roll on out of frame . int . ray' car as he drive down a desert country highway . we hear the rhythmic sound of the wheel clomping over asphalt . the radio be broadcasting a fundamentalist 's sermon , periodically interrupt by static . Ray be sweat . evangelist -- so there be three sign , the second of which be famine , this famine which I have already point out be devastatin' Africa and the indian subcontinent . and the third of this sign be earthquake . now I do not know why he throw that in but if you talk to a geologist , and I have talk to many , he will tell you that earthquake activity -- Ray twist around and look in the back seat . ray' Pov marty be lie inert . evangelist --has increase almost eighty percent in the past two year , and what 's more , in two year ' time we will be experiencin ' what 's know as the Jupiter effect -- back to ray he look back at the road . a car roar by . evangelist -- wherein all the planet of the know universe will be align up causin ' a incredible buildup of destructive gravitational force . now in Matthew chapter six , verse eighteen the Lord out and tell we that this be the sign by which we shall know that he be at we door . there be many good people disagree with I , but it 's my belief that this Antichrist be alive today and livin ' somewhere in Europe , in that ten - nation alliance I speak of , bein ' groom for he task -- Ray switch off the radio . we hear the sound of faint , labor breathe . extreme close shot ray his jaw tighten . he whip he head toward the back seat . his head snap forward again and he slam on the brake . the car screech to a halt . ext . highway long shot the car as Ray 's door fly open . he be bolt from the car . the camera , at waist level , track toward he as he race out into the field that abut the highway . fifty yard in he finally stop , panting , frame from a low angle . his breath vaporize in the crisp night air . we hear only he breath and the chir of cricket . he be look back toward the road . ray' Pov long shot the car stand abandon on the shoulder of the desert highway . its headlight cast a lonely beam up the road . no movement . back to ray his panting slow . he be in a cold sweat . after a long moment , he start walk slowly , reluctantly , back toward the car . ray' Pov tracking toward the car . still no sign of movement . back to ray he slow as he draw up to the back of the car . he look in the back window . ray' Pov back seat of the car it be empty . the door on the highway side be ajar . back to ray no reaction . he walk around the back of the car onto the highway . he look up the road . ray' Pov marty be crawl up the road on he hand and knee , leave a trail of blood . the headlight of Ray 's car give a fantastically long shadow . back to ray still no reaction . he get into the driver 's seat and stare through the windshield as he grope for the ignition key . ray' Pov marty , crawl . back to ray he throw the car into drive , look at he target , think -- decide . he pull the key out of the ignition and go around to the trunk of the car . he open it and pull out a shovel . marty low angle from in front . the headlight glare behind he . his breath vaporize . in the background Ray be walk toward he , drag the shovel , which scrape along the asphalt . as Ray move into the foreground and turn to face marty only he lower leg and the shovel be in frame . the shovel rise out of frame . close shot ray both hand hold the shovel tense over he shoulder . he stare down at marty . a long pause . we hear a distant rumble . close shot ray' feet inch away from marty . marty 's hand slide forward and wrap around one of Ray 's ankle . back to ray he shudder . he adjust he grip on the shovel . the rumble grow louder . ray' feet he jerk he foot away , break marty 's grasp . back to ray look up from marty . the rumble grow louder . ray' Pov headlight beam , although not yet the headlight themselves , be visible a long way down the road . back to ray stare down the road . finally he lower the shovel , walk back to the car and throw it viciously into the trunk , walk back up into the foreground and stoops down . close shot marty as Ray grab he under the armpit and start drag he back to the car . just before Ray heave he into the back seat , marty cough weakly . a fine spray of blood come out with the cough . the engine rumble be quite loud now . mo shot ray from across the roof of the car as he slam the back door shut . he press himself against the side of the car . headlights glare over he ; the truck roar by just behind he . ext . OPEN field full shot ray' car sudden quiet at the cut . we be look at Ray 's car in profile , park in the middle of a desert field . from offscreen we hear the sound of a shovel bite into earth . we track laterally down the car , along the beam of its headlight , to finally frame Ray as he climb out of the shallow grave he have just finish digging . he plant the shovel and walk back to the car . very wide shot the grave in the middle background ; the car 's headlight beyond it . Ray be drag marty toward the grave . he dump he in . high shot the grave as marty thump to the bottom , face up . close shot ray as he bend over to pick up the shovel , drip sweat . we hear the shovel bite into earth . high shot the grave Ray , in the foreground , pitch the first shovelful of earth onto marty . marty move slightly . low shot ray as he pause , look down into the grave . he stoops down and resume shoveling , bob in and out of frame as he hurl dirt into the grave . back to high shot as Ray shovel , marty be move under the loose dirt . a faint , inarticulate noise come from the grave . almost imperceptibly , marty 's right arm start to rise . low shot from inside the grave Ray stand on the lip of the grave , hunch over he shovel , crisply illuminate by the headlight . in the shadowy foreground marty 's arm rise , extend toward Ray . he be clutching Abby 's gun in he splint- finger hand . close shot ray as he straighten up and stand motionless , expressionless , watch marty , make no attempt to get out of the way . high shot marty the gun extend into the foreground . his index finger splint , he slide he middle finger over the trigger of the gun . low shot ray watch . high shot marty the gun tremble in the foreground . his knuckle whiten over the trigger . the trigger release and we hear the dull click of a empty chamber . low shot ray stare blankly down at marty . side shot of marty 's gun hand as Ray slowly sink down on the lip of the grave , brace himself with the shovel . his hand reach for marty 's . marty squeeze off two more empty chamber . Ray 's hand slowly close over the barrel of the gun . as he pull , the gun slide from marty 's finger . close shot the blade of the shovel bite into the earth . mo shot ray furiously shoveling dirt into the grave . high shot the grave marty barely visible under the dirt . mo shot ray shovel , panting . high shot the grave half full . mo shot ray work furiously . his breath come in short gasp . high shot the grave it be fill . Ray be pack down the earth , slamm the shovel furiously against the bare patch of earth . close shot the blade of the shovel be slam down against the earth . again and again . ext . OPEN field sunrise the staccato beat of the shovel slamm against earth drop out at the cut . there be perfect quiet . the sun be just peeping over the horizon . in the foreground Ray be sit in the open door of he car , smoking a cigarette . his gaze be fix on a spot offscreen . he Pov a house . quite near by . the house and its perfect green rectangle of lawn be set incongruously in the middle of the open field . back to ray stare , without emotion . he take one last , fierce drag on the cigarette , then flick it away . he take the shovel , walk over to the grave and stare at it for several second , shovel clasped firmly in both hand . he walk back to the car . high shot House , car and grave . Ray throw the shovel into the car , get in , and turn the ignition . the engine cough weakly and die . he try again . same result . one more time . the engine cough , sputter , and fire to life . the car run over the grave and rattles on across the rutte field towards the highway in the distance . int . ray' car dawn as Ray drive down the straight empty highway in the flat early - morning light . close shot ray pale and unblink . ray' Pov the highway in the distance we see a beat - up white station wagon approach . it 's headlight wink on , then off again . back to ray he squint at the approach car . ray' Pov the car be closer . it 's headlight wink again . back to ray his jaw tighten . he stare intently at the car . then , abruptly , he look down at he dashboard . close shot headlight knob on the dashboard his headlight be on . Ray 's hand enter frame and push in the knob . side angle ray watch the approach station wagon . as it pass we catch a glimpse of its occupant . he grin and cock a you - get - it finger at Ray before roaring out of frame . ext . deserted gas station high angle the station have not open yet . Ray 's car , empty , stand alone in the lot . flat prairie stretch to the horizon . no movement in the frame . at the cut we hear the faint sound of a phone ringing through a receiver . after four or five ring the phone be pick up and we begin a slow crane down . ABBY ( through phone ; sleepily ) hello ? ray ( present ; very hoarsely ) Abby ... you all right ? ABBY Ray ?... what time be it ? ray I do not know . it 's early ... I love you . a beat . ABBY ... you all right ? ray I do not know . I better get off now . the continue crane down reveal Ray in a phone booth in the foreground . ABBY okay , see ya ... thanks , Ray . ray Abby -- the phone disconnect . int . abby' apartment close shot ABBY her sleep head on a pillow . offsccreen we hear a door open and shut . a moment later Ray 's dirt - cake hand come into frame and gently brushes a wisp of hair back for Abby 's face . we hear Ray walk across the apartment and a moment later the sound of water run . Abby stir . she look offscreen . long shot ray stand in the doorway to the bathroom . he be wiping he hand on a towel . ABBY ( sleepily ) ... Ray ? ray you be bad . still half asleep , Abby smile . ABBY ... what ? ray I say you be bad . there be a long pause . finally : ABBY ( smile ) ... you be bad too . Ray swing a chair out and sit down behind a table at the far end of the room . he lean back and prop he leg up on the table . he be stare across the room at Abby . ray we be both bad . fade out black as we hear the click of a pull -string the camera be drop : down past a orange safe light , down the length of the string , down to a metal darkroom tray where two short strip of negative be burn . visser 's hand and yellow sleeve cuff ( now orange ) enter frame , with a 8 x 10 black - and - white photograph . the photograph be drop into the tray . as it burn we see that it be the same picture of Abby 's and Ray 's " corpse " as visser show marty , except that in this print the bullet hole and blood be less convincingly brush in . another print be drop into the tray and ignites . in this one we see bullet hole but no blood . a third print be drop in and ignites . it be the original undoctore shot of Abby and Ray asleep in bed . visser 's hand enter frame hold the picture - envelope that he take away from marty 's office . visser rip it in half and be about to drop it into the tray , but stop abruptly . there be posterboard , not a photograph , peek out of the tear envelope . visser 's hand pull the two halve of the placard from the envelope and fit they together . the stencile 8 x 10 placard say : " all employee must wash hand before resuming work . " low -angle close shot visser stare at the placard in disbelief . after a moment he hand rise into frame to deposit a cigarette in he mouth . his hand drop back down , grop in a pocket . his hand jump back into frame , empty ; he thump at he breast pocket ; he can not find he lighter . he wheel and exit frame . the light snap off . a door slam shut . abby' apartment day close shot ray he have doze off in he chair . offsccreen we hear a door slam , and he eye open . ABBY emerging from the bathroom . her voice have a flat echo in the bare apartment . ABBY why do not you get into bed ? ray ( groggy ) I do not think I could sleep . I be surprised you could . be you all right ? ABBY yeah ... she walk over and sit down on the bed . ABBY ... you call I this morning . ray yeah . Abby look at he , expect more . finally : ray ... I just want to let you know that everything be all right . I take care of everything . now all we have to do be keep we head . ABBY ... what do you mean ? Ray finally look directly at she . ray I know about it , Abby . I go to the bar last night . Abby be look at he in alarm . ABBY what happen ? -- be meurice there ? ray yeah . he laugh shortly . ray ... he do not see I , though . nobody see I . the chair grate back as he stand up and look vaguely around the room . ray ... be it cold in here ? Abby be look at he nervously . ABBY well ... what happen ? ray I clean it all up , but that be not important ... he start nervously pace around the room , look for something . ray ... what 's important be what we do now ; I mean we can not go around half - cocked . what we need be some time to think about this , figure it out ... he move a pack crate aside , still hunt around the apartment . ray ... anyway , we get some time now . but we gotta be smart . ABBY Ray -- ray Abby , never point a gun at anyone unless you be gonna shoot he . and when you shoot he you better make sure he 's dead ... Ray 's pace be more agitate as he look distractedly around the apartment . ray ... because if he 's not dead he 's gonna get up and try and kill you . he pause , seemingly at a total loss . ray ... that 's the only thing they tell we in the service that be worth a goddamn -- where the hell 's my windbreaker ? ABBY what the hell happen , Ray ? Ray be walk to the window . sunlight stream in around he . ray that be not important . what 's important be that we do it . that 's the only thing that matter . we both do it for each other ... he stoops down to look through a pile of clothes by the window . ray ... that 's what 's important . ABBY I do not know what you be talk about . Ray 's head snap around . stare at she he slowly rise to he foot and then remain still . ABBY I ... I mean what be you talk about , Ray ? I have not do anything funny . ray ... what be that ? Abby , startle , can not contain she agitation anymore . ABBY ( rapidly ) Ray , I mean you be not even act like yourself . first you call I at five in the a.m. say all kind of nice thing over the telephone and then you come charge in here scare I half to death without even tell I what it be I be suppose to be scared of . I gotta tell you it 's extremely rattling . ray we track toward he , isolate he against the window . he be perfectly still . for a long time he can not speak . ray ( quietly ) ... do not lie to I , Abby -- back to ABBY still work up . ABBY how can I be lie if I do not even know -- the ring of the telephone cut she off . she look at the phone , pause for a moment , then continue , struggle . ABBY ... I mean if you and he have a fight or something , I do not care , as long as you ... her voice trail off . the telephone will not stop ringing . Abby and Ray be stare at each other , seemingly oblivious to it . finally : ray ... pick it up . close shot telephone still ringing . Abby 's hand enter frame and pick it up . ABBY what . through the phone we hear only the rhythmic whir of a ceiling fan . Abby shift the phone to she other ear , listen hard . it be the same sound we hear earlier when she pick up the phone at Ray 's house . as before , the line click dead . ABBY ( look at Ray ) ... welp , that be he . there be a long moment of silence . then Ray 's voice come from across the room : ray ... who ? ABBY marty . there be silence again . long shot the apartment Ray shift in front of the window . he laugh humorlessly . the laugh stop abruptly . ABBY ... what 's go on with you two ? ray ( quietly ) all right ... he start across the room . ray ... you can call he back , whoever it be ... he be head for the door . ray ... I will get out of you way . he pause at the foyer and pull Abby 's gun out of he pocket . he set it on a shelf by the door . ABBY watch . we hear the door open . ray ( o.s. ) you leave you weapon behind . we hear the door slam shut . close shot ceiling fan we hear the rhythmic whir of the fan . we tilt down from the ceiling to reveal that we be in the live room of Ray 's bungalow . in the foreground visser sit in a chair with the cradle telephone in he lap , face the front door , which stand open in the background . the content of Abby 's tote bag lie strewn on the bureau next to visser . her purse be not there . after a moment visser rouse himself and start to sweep the article back into the tote bag . int . meurice's apartment day low wide shot live room it be dark , light only by the morning light leak in around the draw blind . it be a small modern apartment such as one see in large apartment complex -- shag carpete , build - in bar . in the extreme foreground the small red " power " light of a telephone answer machine glow in the darkness . the front door open in the background , spilling bright sunlight . meurice stoops down , pick up two newspaper , enter , and shut the door . he walk toward the camera and he hand enter frame in extreme foreground to punch the rewind button on the machine . his hand leave frame . a few piece of mail be flip down onto the machine table , piece by piece , as the machine rewind . he reach down again and hit playback . after a beep : woman' voice hi meurice , this be helene , helene trend , and I be call ' cause I wanna know just what the hell that remark you make about sylvia 's suppose to mean ... mail continue to flip down onto the table , piece by piece . woman' voice ... she say you be full of shit and frankly I believe she . and hey , I love you too . sure . anyway , you better call I soon because I be go to South America tonight -- you know , uruguay ? dial tone . beep . marty' voice ( bark ) listen asshole , you know who this be . I just get back from Corpus and there 's a lot of money miss from the safe ... the mail stop drop ; marty have meurice 's attention . marty' voice ... I be not say you take it but the place be you responsibility and I tell you to keep a eye on you asshole friend . do not -- uh , do not come to the bar tonight , I have get a meeting . but tomorrow I want to have a word with you , and with Ray -- if you can find he . dial tone . beep . meurice 's hand drop into frame . woman' voice meurice , where the hell have you be ? I - - his finger press the stop button . match CUT to : ray' finger press into a dark stain in the upholstery of the back seat of he car . when he raise it the fingertip be red -- the seat still wet with blood . close shot ray look down at the seat . he back out of the car and walk up the driveway to he house . int . ray' live room as he come through the screen door . it bang shut behind he . as he cross the live room we see , and he hear , meurice 's tran be pull up and stop at the foot of the lawn . Ray turn and look out the window . close shot closet door Ray throw it open and hurriedly pull out the first thing at hand -- a sheet . we hear the door of the tran be open and slam shut . ext . ray' bungalow tracking shot on ray exiting the house as the screen door bang and shudder behind he . he hurry down the walk . tracking shot ray' Pov meurice be round the bottom of the lawn and start up the drive toward the incriminate car . its back door be stand ajar . meurice I hope you be plan on leave town . back to ray reacting to the line as he reach the car . he bend over to throw the sheet over the seat just as meurice walk up behind he . ray ( he back to meurice ; arrange the sheet ) get a problem , meurice ? meurice no , you do , cowboy . you be to the bar ? Ray be still hunch in the open doorway . he freeze momentarily in arrange the sheet . ray ... why ? meurice you should not have take the money ... Ray do not reply or turn around . meurice be get more strident . meurice ... look at I man , I be serious . you break in the bar and rip off the safe ... Ray back out of the car and turn around . meurice ... Abby warn I you be gonna make trouble . trouble with you be , you be too fuck obvious ; the only one with the combination be I and you ... Ray look evenly at meurice . behind he the sheet have be arrange over the seat . he put a unlit cigarette in he mouth . meurice ... and Abby . maybe . but as far as I be concerned that only leave one fuck possibility . ray ( tonelessly ) what 's that ? meurice reach out and swipe the unlit cigarette out of Ray 's mouth . meurice that thing be nothing but coffin nail . he turn and stare down the street , exasperate . meurice ... look . personally I do not give a shit . I know marty 's a hard - on but you gotta do something . I do not know ; give the money back , say you be sorry , or get the fuck out of here , or something ... mow that he temper be go , he realize he have nothing much to say . he shake he head and turn back down the drive , mutter as he light himself Ray 's cigarette . meurice ... it 's very humiliate , preaching about this shit . close shot ray stand in front of the back door of he car , watch meurice walk away . his right hand rise into frame to deposit another unlit cigarette in he mouth . offsccreen , meurice call from the end of the drive : meurice I be not laugh at this , Ray Bob , so you know it 's no fuck joke . we hear he car door slam . after a moment Ray exit frame , head for the house . the camera track slowly in to the back window of the car . traces of blood be start to seep up from the upholstery into the sheet . int . marty' house day low wide shot front foyer we be look across the tile floor toward the front doorway . the room have the dim gray cast of daytime inside a shutter house . we hold on the empty foyer as we hear a intermittent high whining sound . we hear the pad of foot on carpet , and then the clatter of nail on tile as opal , marty 's german shepherd , trot into frame and circle the foyer , still whining . she jump up and scratch desperately at the front door . a slow , rhythmic pound be very faint on the track . ext . marty' bar dusk Abby have just get out of she car and be walk up to the front of the darken bar . the faint , rhythmic thumping continue over the cut , its source somewhere offscreen . as Abby take a key out of she purse and let herself into the bar , the thumping stop . int . marty' bar Abby switch on the light , look around , go to the back - office door . lock . as she fit she key into the lock : ABBY ( quietly ) marty ? the door swing open , fan a shaft of light onto the darken room . marty' office bathroom we be look from the inside at the bathroom door that will not close all the way . as the light fan into the office beyond and seep in through the crack of the bathroom door , we see visser 's sleeve cuff and he hand press against the door , to hold it near-shut . back to ABBY stand in the office doorway . we pull she into the room . she stop abruptly , look past the camera , and wrinkle she nose . abby' Pov marty 's fish , now half - decaye , still lie on the desk . some of the desk drawer stand open , with some of they content strewn across the surface of the desk . back to ABBY she take a step forward . we hear the crunch of glass underfoot . she look down at the floor . abby' Pov shard of break glass lie on the floor . back to ABBY she look up from the floor toward the back door . abby' Pov the pane of the back - door window close to the knob have be shattered from the outside , scatter break glass into the office . back to ABBY she cross slowly to the desk , stare at the rotted fish . she look up from the desk . abby' Pov on the stand safe behind the desk lie a white towel . Abby 's hand enter frame and pick up the towel . in slow motion a hammer that 's be wrap inside slip out of the towel , fall end - over - end , hit the floor with a dull thud . back to ABBY stoop down to pick up the hammer . at eye level as she stoops down be the combination dial to the safe . the dial have be batter by the hammer . Abby look from the hammer to the floor under the desk chair . abby' Pov blood stain . ABBY stare down at the floor . she rise and look at the desk . as she rise we hear glass under she foot . abby' Pov the dead fish . Beyond they , on the floor around the desk , break glass . back to ABBY stare . abby' Pov the dead fish . back to ABBY she seem to be fall slowly backwards . the camera fall with she , keep she in close shot . her head hit a pillow . we pull back slowly to reveal that she be lie on the bed in she apartment , stare across the room . she lie motionless on the bad , she eye wide . abby' Pov across the darken apartment we see the curtainless window , and beyond they , across the lamplit street , the facade of the opposite building . long shot ABBY lying still . after a moment she get out of bed , cross to the front door of the apartment , lock it , then walk unsteadily back to the bed . fade out fade in : same long shot ABBY in bed she open she eye , lie still for a moment , cough . she get out of bed and walk across the still dark apartment to the bathroom . she shut the bathroom door . bathroom Abby look at herself in the mirror above the sink , then turn on the tap water . from a neighbor apartment we hear a dull rhythmic thumping on the wall . she pause , listen for a moment , then start to splash water on she face . from somewhere offscreen we hear the sharp sound of glass shatter . it reverberate for a moment , then die . Abby look up at the bathroom door . we hear a scraping at the lock of she apartment door . Abby listen . suddenly we hear the lock spring open , and the front door swinging on its hinge . close shot ABBY startle . she shut off the water and stand motionless . droplet of water be stream down she face . we hear the sound of footstep in the next room , crunching across break glass . ABBY Ray ...? there be no answer . after a moment we hear bedspring creak in the next room . Abby open the bathroom door and walk out . MAIN room a shaft of light slice across the floor from the open bathroom door . Broken glass glint on the floor . in the semi - darkness we can see that someone be sit on the bed . the person look up . it be marty . Abby recoil . marty lover- boy oughta lock he door . Abby look nervously at marty . droplet of water be still run down she face . she brushes one from she eye . marty I love you ... he smile thinly . marty ... that 's a stupid thing to say , right ? Abby take a step back . ABBY I ... I love you too . still smile , marty shake he head . marty no . you be just say that because you be scared ... he stand . we hear glass under he foot . he unbutton the middle button of he coat and reach inside . marty ... you leave you weapon behind . he withdraw something from a inside pocket and toss it to she . close shot abby' hand as she catch the object . it be she compact . close shot ABBY she look from she hand up to marty . marty he will kill you too . marty gag , lean forward , double over to vomit-- blood . the blood wash over the floor at he foot . ABBY bolt upright in bead with a muffle groan . sweat pour down she face . she brushes a drop of sweat from she eye and look around . abby' Pov moonlight glint through the window across the hardwood floor . through the window we can see the facade of the opposite building . the apartment be dark and still , just as we leave it before she fall asleep . back to ABBY she slump back onto the bed . one hand grope down out of frame and come up hold a illuminate alarm clock . she look at it , drop it back to the floor . she turn on she side and stare across the room toward the window . abby' Pov the window . dissolve through to : same window same angle pre-dawn it be still not quite light . the few light that shine in the window of the opposite building before be now off ; the facade of the building be a flat , undetaile gray . close shot ABBY still lie on she side on the bed , she eye open , stare at the window . back to long shot window after a moment Abby enter frame . she pick she coat off a chair and put it on . we hear a car door slam . ext . ray' bungalow pre -dawn Abby have just get out of she car in the foreground and be crossing the lawn to the house . down the road the street light be still on . one light burn in the house , in the window of Ray 's bedroom . Abby approach it . through the window over Abby 's shoulder , as she lean against the sill of the open window and look inside . Ray sit on the bed in the empty room , smoking a cigarette , he profile to the window , gaze fixedly at the wall . ABBY Ray . Ray start and look toward the window , squinting . int . ray' bungalow wide shot live room Abby be come through the screen door . the room be strikingly bare of everything except furniture . all personal effect have be remove . Abby look around , bewilder , as Ray enter from the hallway . ABBY ... where be everything ? ray in the trunk . Abby , still stand in front of the door , look at he uncomprehendingly . Ray walk over to a couple of cardboard box stack in the corner . ray ... in the car . he tie a knot around the top carton with a piece of cord , then cut the cord with a collapsible fishing knife . ABBY ... you leave ? ray be not that what you want ? she slowly shake she head . ray wanna come with I ? he lean back against the box , watch she . ABBY ... but first I gotta know what happen . ray what do you want to know ? ABBY you break into the bar . you want to get you money . you and marty have a fight . something happen ... Ray shake he head , smile . Abby squint at he , look for help . ABBY ... I do not know , be not it you ? maybe a burglar break in , and you find -- ray with you gun ?... he put the knife in he pocket and walk over to the door . as he approach she : ray ... nobody break in , Abby . I will tell you the truth ... Ray face Abby in front of the door . ray ... Truth be , I have feel sick the last couple of day . can not eat ... can not sleep ... when I try to I ... Abby ... it 's difficult to bring out . Ray 's hand grope for the cross - slat on the screen door . finally : ray ... the truth be ... he be alive when I bury he . Abby stare . a object materialize in the sky beyond they . it be flipping end - over - end in slow motion , move toward Abby and Ray and the screen door . Abby and Ray , each stare at the other , fail to notice until - - thwack -- it bounce off the screen . Abby start ; Ray do not . the spell be break , Abby push hesitantly at the screen door . Ray 's hand slide off the cross-slat ; he make no move to stop she . close shot the front stoop as Abby step over the roll - up newspaper that hit the screen door . tracking shot on ABBY hurrying down the driveway to get to she car . a low rumble be building on the soundtrack . Abby glance at Ray 's car as she pass it . abby' Pov tracking forward the car more blood have seepe into and dry on the dropsheet cover the back seat . the bass rumble grow louder , punctuate by a rhythmic thumping . ext . meurice's apartment day over abby' shoulder as she pound frantically on the door -- the sound continue over the cut . after a moment the door edge open . meurice be stand in the doorway in a long bathrobe . a sleeper 's blindfold be push up over he forehead . meurice Abby . what 's the matter ? ABBY I ... I be sorry , meurice . I gotta talk to you ... can I come in ? he look at she hard . meurice yeah ... yeah , come in ... he step aside to let she pass . meurice ... but I gotta tell ya ... int . meurice's apartment as Abby enter . meurice ... I be retire . meurice switch on a table lamp ; the curtain be draw against the sun . Abby follow meurice over to the bar . meurice Jesus , I get a hangover . want a drink ? ABBY no , I - - meurice well I do ... he pour himself a drink . meurice ... for you I answer the door . if you wanna stay here , that 's fine . but I be retire . ABBY something happen with marty and Ray -- meurice ( sharply ) Abby ... he glare at she . meurice ... let I ask you one question ... he slam back the drink . meurice ... why do you think I be retire . he grimace . meurice ... Ray steal a shitload of money from marty . until both of them calm down I be not get involved . ABBY no meurice , it 's worse than that . something really happen , I think marty 's dead -- meurice what ?! do Ray tell you that ? ABBY sort of ... meurice sit she down on the sofa . meurice that 's total bullshit . marty call I after he be jack up ... he try to coax she into lie down . meurice ... I mean , I do not know where he be , but he be not dead . ABBY meurice -- meurice you do not look too good . you sleep last night ? her head meet a end cushion . ABBY meurice , you gotta help I ... meurice rise from the sofa , sigh . meurice all right . just sit tight . try to get some sleep ... he lean down to the table next to the sofa . meurice ... I will find marty , find out what 's go on . close shot ABBY her head on the cushion . we hear engine rumble . Abby twist she head back , follow meurice . as we hear the table lamp be switch off we : CUT to : ext . highway night Pov from a car the engine rumble continue over the cut . there be no other traffic on the highway . a light fog cover the road . a green highway sign say : " San Antonio 73 mis . " we hear a car radio play softly . close shot ray driving . he be gently light by the light from the dashboard . he reach forward to turn off the radio . the only sound now be the hum of the engine and the rhythmic clomping of tire on pavement . the look and sound of the scene be close to that of the first scene of the movie . Ray take a cigarette out of he pocket and put it in he mouth , but leave it unlit . ray' Pov the headlight of a approach car materialize in the fog . the car pass with a roar . up ahead a traffic light be turn amber . back to ray the engine hum drop as he slow . we hear the low engine rumble and the squeaking brake of another car . Ray be now stop in front of the desert intersection . he look up in he rearview mirror . ray' Pov another car be stop just behind he , the fog float up past its headlight . the headlight halate in the fog ; none of the rest of the car be visible . back to ray the unlit cigarette still in he mouth . he look down from the rearview mirror to the intersection ahead of he . there be a long pause , during which we hear only the steady purr of Ray 's car and the knock rumble of the car behind he . Ray look up at the traffic light . ray' Pov the light be just turn from red to green . close shot ray' foot on brake he take he foot off the brake , hesitates for a moment , the replace it on the brake . close shot ray he look up in he rearview mirror . ray' Pov the headlight of the other car remain motionless behind he . the car make no move to pass . back to ray he slowly take the cigarette from he mouth and drop it onto the seat next to he . his eye shift from the rearview mirror to the traffic light . ray' Pov Green fog float past the green light . back to ray his face freeze . he turn slowly to look behind . ray' Pov the other car be still motionless . we hear the mute rumble of its engine . back to ray his eye shift back to the mirror . he grope for he window handle and slowly roll it down . he stick out he leave arm , eye still on the rearview mirror , and wave for the other car to go around he . ray' Pov the other car remain still for a moment . White fog float up beyond the red fog create by Ray 's brake light . finally the car pull out slowly to the leave to pass . back to ray watch the car pass . ray' Pov as the car pull out into the light from the intersection and Ray 's headlight , we see that it be a batter green volkswagon . first the car itself , and then its red tail light , disappear into the fog . back to ray watch , for a long moment . finally he take he foot off the brake , turn the steering wheel hard leave and hang a U -turn . marty' live room wide a light be switch on in the expensively appoint room . meurice enter , walk silently on the carpet , look around the room . he throw the light off at the far end and leave . marty' bedroom wide the door swing open . meurice throw the switch near the door and the room be bath in light . we be once again in the bedroom where we earlier see Abby look through she purse . we start to hear the faint buzzing of a fly . meurice glance around , throw off the light , and shut the door . Black . marty' office somewhere offscreen a light be switch on and we be look in close shot at the dead fish . the sound of the fly be louder with the cut . close shot ray stand in the doorway from the bar , stare down at the fish . wide shot the office Ray glance around at the break glass lie on the floor . his gaze shift to the safe and the hammer in front of it . he walk over to the safe and stoops down . close shot ray at safe he work its batter dial and it swing open . he shuffles through the content and bring out a small pile of photograph . ray' Pov as he flip through the photograph . the first four be Ray and Abby in the motel room bed . the last be a mount 8 x 10 : Abby and marty on a Gulf beach . back to ray look . he Pov picture detail marty be still laugh . back to ray he scowl at the shot visser take , then put they back in the safe . when he hand come out he be hold another photograph -- this one fold twice . he unfold it . ray' Pov his and Abby 's corpse . back to ray from across the desk as he straighten slowly from the safe in the background . at desk level , we again see the glint of visser 's lighter under the dead fish . Ray cross slowly around the desk into the foreground and lay the picture flat on the desktop . for a moment he stare down at it , then wheel abruptly and leave frame . int . ray' car close shot ray driving . he glance up in the rearview mirror . marty' kitchen as meurice enter and throw a overhead light . the white room be bath in bright , shadowless light . as meurice step into the kitchen he foot strike something on the floor below frame , which clatter hollowly away . close shot plastic dog - food BOWL the empty bowl skid into a wall , bounce back , and wobble , spin on its bottom rim . marty' billiard room dutch-tilt tracking shot toward mounted moose head on a low skew axis the camera be tracking in toward the impassive trophy head on marty 's billiard - room wall . the moose still have Ray 's cigarette protrude from its mouth . reverse tracking shot meurice as he walk toward the moose , head cocked to one side , frown quizzically up . he hear something , and look through the door to he leave . meurice's Pov the long shadowy hall . we hear panting . close shot meurice squint . meurice ... opal ? the hallway a form start to materialize in the shadow . meurice take a step back . he Pov the dog bound down the hallway . its panting have become a low growl . from behind meurice he wrench a cue stick from the rack and square . he Pov opal snarling , leaping . int . meurice's apartment close shot top of a coffee table the splinter top half of the pool cue be slam down to rest on top of the coffee table . meurice ( o.s. ) even the fuck dog 's go crazy ... mo shot ABBY sitting on the sofa , look down out of frame . behind she meurice agitatedly pace back and forth , wave the splinter bottom half of the cue stick . his voice be unnaturally loud . meurice ... something pretty fuck weird be go on . put you coat on and I will drop you at home . but do not talk to either of them until I do . and do not worry . believe I . this thing always have a logical explanation . usually . abby' Pov the splinter top half of the cue stick on the coffee table . int . abby' hallway Abby approach she door in the foreground and let herself in . int . abby' apartment look toward the window . the room be dark . through the window we see the facade of the building across the street . Abby enter frame in the foreground , in silhouette against the window , and throw a overhead light switch . the bright light reveal Ray stand by the window , look out . ray ( abruptly ) turn it off . Abby jump , startle . ABBY Ray ... ext . roof of facing apartment build from the roof of the building across the street we be look down on the facade of Abby 's building . most of its window be dark , but in a brightly light fourth - floor window we can clearly see Abby and Ray . a man be on the roof in the foreground , hitching a rifle to he shoulder . int . abby' apartment Ray turn from the window which , with the switch on of the overhead light , have become a mirror of the interior of the apartment . ray just turn it off . ext . facing roof the light go out in the apartment across the street ; its window go opaque . int . abby' apartment Dark now . Ray still stand by the window , look out . Abby still stand by the light switch . ray ( answer a question ) no curtain on the window . Abby be clearly apprehensive - - about Ray , not about anything outside . ABBY ... so ? ray I think someone 's watch . Abby do not understand , and have have enough . as she throw the light back on : ABBY so what will they see ? Ray turn angrily from the window . ray just leave it off . he can see in . ext . facing roof Ray and Abby be once again clearly visible . Ray be start across the room . int . abby' apartment Abby take a fearful step back as Ray stride toward the light switch , next to she . ABBY ( abruptly ) -- if you do anything the neighbor will hear . this bring Ray up short . he stare at Abby . it register that it be he she 's afraid of . ray you think ... he shake he head . ray ... Abby . I mean it ... when I call ... Abby take another step back . her voice come out , after a pause , half - strangle : ABBY ... I love you too . Ray wince . he slowly shake he head with a pain half - smile . ray because you be scared . we hear the dull report of a rifle and the deafen sound of shatter glass . the gun shot hit Ray in the back , knock he to the floor . he lie still . close shot ABBY she stare dumbly down at Ray . she look slowly up to the window . the window it have a gape black hole . the sound of shatter glass still reverberate in the apartment . small shard of glass chink down from the window and shatter on the floor . back to ABBY stare at the window , paralyze -- almost in a trance . quiet except for the chink of glass . ext . facing roof we be look through the telescopic sight of a high - power rifle . the rifle sweep up from Ray 's body across the brightly light room , and center Abby , still stare at the window , in the cross hair . int . abby' apartment we be look past Abby toward the shattered window at the far end of the room . a brass lamp stand in the foreground , between Abby and the camera . Abby still stand paralyze . Glass have stop chink from the window to the floor ; there be a painful silence . suddenly Abby dive to the floor just as crash the rest of the window fall away and ping the brass lamp somersault toward we from the impact of the bullet . the window be now completely go -- just a black hole in the brightly light wall . ABBY scramble into a corner at the window end of the room . the only sound be she heavy breathe . she look over at Ray , then up at the bulb on the ceiling . abby' Pov ceiling bulb back to ABBY breathe heavily , almost hysterical . she look down at the floor . abby' Pov Ray be sprawle on the floor in a pool of blood and break glass . back to ABBY she reach down and pull off one of she shoe . she throw it at the ceiling bulb . we hear the bulb shatter and the room go black . Abby rise and make she way cautiously across the glass - litter floor toward Ray . she stoops over he . low shot the dark apartment its front door in background . Abby rise into frame and back toward the doorway , stare down at the floor . one of she hand be cover with blood . ABBY Ray -- she wince and almost lose she balance as we hear a piece of glass crunching under she bare floor . she turn and move to the front door , favor one foot , and throw the door open . hallway Abby lurch from she apartment and pound on the neighbor door . no answer . she pound on the door across the hall . old woman' voice ( frighten , in Spanish ) get away ! I will call my son-in- law ! ABBY ( grop for the word , in Spanish ) no no -- you do not understand -- old woman' voice ( in Spanish ) he have a gun ! Abby head for the stairway at the far end of the hall . the heel of she shod foot be throw she weight onto she bad foot ; she kick off the shoe . close shot ABBY as she reach the top of the stair . she take one step down , then bring herself up short . she look over the railing down the stairwell . it be quiet . a innocent- sounding cough echoe somewhere in the building . we hear the sound of footstep from somewhere below . Abby turn and hobble back to she apartment . the bareness of the hallway set off she abandon shoe . abby' apartment as she enter and slam the door behind she . she scrabble at the lock , finally manage to get it shut , then turn and look frantically around . abby' Pov Ray be lie still in the darkness . we can hear footstep approach up the hallway . Abby enter frame and kneel down next to Ray . she fumble around he briefly in the darkness . the doorknob rattles . Abby freeze , listen , try to control she breath . after a moment we hear a scraping at the lock . Abby move to the bathroom adjoin the main room and shut the door behind she . bathroom it be very small . Abby press she palm against the door and slowly ease she ear against the door to listen . the scraping in the apartment door lock continue . sweat stream down Abby 's face . she brushes a drop from she eye . we hear the snap of the lock spring open , and the front door swinging on its hinge . closer on ABBY her ear press to the door . from the next room we hear the sound of footstep crunching across break glass . Abby back away from the door , stare at it , then turn and move to the bathroom window . she look out . abby' Pov a sheer drop to the narrow backyard of the building four storey below . next to Abby 's window be another window , separate from hers only by the breadth of the wall , that separate the two apartment . abby' apartment visser hunch , hand on knee , over Ray , who lie on the floor out of frame . visser ( grimly ) all right ... he hunker down closer to Ray . visser ... you get some of my personal property . he be rummage through Ray 's pocket but come up empty - hand . visser ... one of you do . visser look down at Ray , glance around the room , look back down at Ray . visser ... I do not know what the hell you two think you be gonna pull . his hand , grip something , flash down out of frame . we hear a dull crunch . bathroom Abby have draw she head back from the bathroom window . she move back to the door and brace herself against it . abby' apartment visser straighten up from Ray 's body . he drop something to the floor , out of frame , that land with a thud . he go over to the light switch on the wall and flip it back and forth . no light . he go over to the brass lamp , set it upright , try its switch . again nothing . he disappear into the kitchenette as we hold on its open doorway . after a moment we hear a refrigerator hum as a cold blue light play in the doorway . there be the rattle of a can be pull off the refrigerator rack , and the snap of its pull - tab be open . after a couple of audible slurp we hear the can go back on the rack and , as the blue light disappear , we hear the refrigerator door close . visser reappear in the doorway . he survey the room , fix on the bathroom door , go over , turn the knob . the door swing open . he walk in . bathroom visser look around the cramped space . the shower curtain be draw . he casually draw it back . the shower be empty . he go to the window and lean out . visser' Pov the sheer drop below ; the other window to one side . back to visser he draw he head back in , press he palm against the adjacent wall , and ease he ear to the wall to listen . perfect quiet . after a moment he go back to the window , brace himself against the sash , and stick he arm out -- grop for the window of the adjacent apartment . ext . abby' build / bathroom window close shot visser' face press against the glass as he lean against the upper half of the bathroom window . close shot visser' hand it find the adjacent window and start to raise it . back to visser' face again we see he through the window . his jaw be set as he grope offscreen . suddenly he body jerk violently forward , he head smack against the glass and crack it . quick CUT to : int . adjacent apartment close shot visser' hand Abby ( out of frame ) have grab it and now thump she slam the window down on he wrist , catch it between the window sash and sill . her other hand flash across frame to thunk pin visser 's hand to the sill with Ray 's knife . quick CUT : back to visser we hear the shatter of glass as the shock cause he head to break through the window . his hand be nail into the apartment next door . he be in pain . adjacent apartment Abby back slowly from the window , stare at the hand . from the ground below we hear the faint and echoing sound of the shard of glass shatter against pavement . abby' Pov the window visser 's pin hand be writhe . as we hear a muffle crack , a circle of light open with a puff of plaster dust in the wall that separate the two apartment . a line of light shoot across the dark apartment from the bright bathroom next door . back to ABBY stare at the wall . we hear a second crack . abby' Pov a second hole have open in the wall , let through a second shaft of light . four more sharp report in rapid succession : with each gun blast a bright circle open and a new shaft of light penetrate the dark apartment . finally we hear the click of a empty chamber , and the clatter of the empty gun be drop to the floor of the bathroom next door . close shot ABBY stare at the line of light that crisscross the apartment . there be a long moment of silence , then a sudden thump . abby' Pov the wall six circle of light . the circle go black momentarily as there be another thump . and another . each time visser pound he fist against the wall , there be a muffle thump and he swinging arm strobe the bullet hole . back to ABBY she turn and hobble toward the door of apartment . the muffle thumping continue , as in she dream . hallway as Abby emerge from the adjacent apartment . she stop and look down the hall . abby' Pov the stairway be at the far end of the hall . the door of she own darken apartment stand slightly ajar . adjacent apartment close shot the wall the bullet hole strobing . the pound , more purposeful now , grow louder and more intense . finally , with a crash , visser 's fist penetrate the wall in a explosion of light and dust . hallway we pull Abby as she limp hesitantly down the hall . adjacent apartment close shot visser' hand waving aimlessly through the ambient dust . he be blindly grop for the sill -- and the knife that pin he other hand . his outstretch middle finger just graze the handle of the knife . abby' hallway / apartment pull Abby as she draw even with the door of she apartment . abby' Pov her pearl - handle revolver sit on the shelf just inside the door , where Ray leave it . it catch the light from the hall . adjacent apartment extreme close shot visser' fingertip the side of he middle finger rub against the knife handle ; the tip of he index finger barely touch it . visser 's finger be tremble , indicate that he arm be stretch to its uttermost . a surge against the wall give he finger another inch or so and they curl around the handle of the knife . abby' apartment close shot ABBY as she step in from the hallway to pick up the gun . she look around the apartment . abby' Pov the window of the apartment , its glass now completely go , let in streetlight . Ray 's corpse be a dark form in the middle of the floor . a bright shaft of light slice across the room from offscreen . it glint on the shard of glass that litter the floor , just as in Abby 's dream . bathroom close shot visser as he slowly , quietly draw he hand in from the hole in the wall . he be hold the knife . he turn slowly to face the door , listen . abby' apartment close shot ABBY she steady herself against the wall and turn to look toward the bathroom . abby' Pov the bathroom door stand slightly ajar . the interior of the bathroom be a bright band in the shadowy recess of the back of the apartment . bathroom close shot visser move quietly toward the door . abby' apartment close shot ABBY stare , almost transfix , at the bathroom door . she raise the gun , tremble , and train it on the band of light . abby' Pov visser 's shadow fall across the crack in the doorway . back to ABBY she shift the gun slightly and fire . abby' Pov with the roar of the gun , a small circle of light open in the door . as the door waffle under the impact , we hear visser collapse behind it . back to ABBY lean against the face wall . she lower the gun . she slide down the wall to finally rest seat on the floor . she brushes a drop of sweat from she eye . her Pov the crack bathroom door spilling light . back to ABBY a pause . after a moment , she voice come out half - choke : ABBY ... I be not afraid of you , marty . her Pov the bathroom door . quiet for a long moment . then , from inside the bathroom , we hear laughter . back to ABBY stare at the door . we hear the laughter subside , to leave the sound of labor breathe . finally : visser ( o.s. ) ... well mar 'am ... bathroom visser lie on he back , he head underneath the bathroom sink . his good hand be press against he belly , which rise and fall with he heavy breathe . blood seep out between he finger . he be smile . visser ... if I see he , I will sure give he the message . he Pov the underside of the sink , its convolute chrome work bead moisture . visser look , with mild interest . he Pov a condense droplet trickle down the chrome . directly overhead , it hang for a moment from the lowest joint of the pipe . it fatten , waver , waver -- and fall , spelling ... finis . [ deleted scene from 1st . draft ] " ... in a early draft of the script , Ray , the befuddle bartender who for want of a more compelling character serve as we story 's hero , fle the scene of the tale 's protract central murder and check into a motel outside of San Antonio : " motel lobby day dusty rhode , a lean man with a weathered face and large Adam 's apple , stand behind the Formica check - in counter . kyle , a heavyset man of thirty wear a feed cap , sit in the lobby 's one piece of furniture , a beat - up leatherette sofa . he sip from a can of soda . Ray , begrime and haggard , enter out of the glare of the noonday sun . rhode hey there , stranger ! what can I do you for ? ray I need a room . Calling out from the divan : kyle he need a room , dusty . rhode I reckon I can hear he ... ( to Ray ) ... room rate 's eight sixty - six a day plus sale tax , plus extra for the tv option . ray how much extra ? kyle ( call out ) he want the tv option , dusty . rhode I reckon I can hear he . tv option , that 's a dollar twenty , make nine eighty - six plus tax . kyle ( call out ) tell he the channel , dusty . rhode channel , we get two and six . two do not come in so hot . ray just a room then . kyle ( call out ) he do not want the option , dusty . rhode I reckon I hear the man . ray ( after shoot Kyle a irritate glance ) do he work here ? kyle ( call out ) sure do not . rhode see , Wednesday 's the special on rc cola . I do not know if I explain about the tv option . if there 's a tv in the room , you get to pay the option . kyle ( call out ) and how many room get tv , dusty ? rhode ever durn one . ray ( gamely ) okay , I will take the tv option . rhode well see the thing about that be , we be book . " look at this scene now , year later , it strike we that revise it out of existence , as we do , constitute too much rewrite . indeed , the more prosaic scene we replace it with , involve Ray stop at a traffic light , can be find in the finish script but not in the finish movie . it be shot but then delete in order to more quickly get to the carnage , which be the picture 's raison d'^etre ... " joel &amp ; ethan coen