blue valentine written by derek cianfrance , cami delavigne &amp ; joey curtis 5/14/09 ext . rural suburban STREET - dawn - present day a 5 - year old girl wear pajamas wander alone down the street . frankie ( barely audible ) me-gan ! int . periera home - present day 2 2 frankie crawl through a dog door . she walk into the live room where the tv be on loud . dean periera , 30 year old , hefty , sleep in a lazyboy . frankie ( hushed ) daddydaddydaddy . frankie use the footrest to crawl up onto she dad 's belly . frankie ( cont 'd ) wake up daddy . dean ( waking ) what time be it baby ? she sniffles . he notice . ext . periera home - back / front yard - present day the back door open and Dean carry frankie to the yard . the first yellow ray of sunlight hit they face . he look over the lawn , a empty bowl , water tin and a doghouse posting the name megan . he peek inside the doghouse . there 's no one home . Dean move to the fence . the gate be open . Dean carry frankie to the front yard . they look around . frankie when 's she go to get back ? dean she probably just go out for a run . she will be back soon because she 's go to get thirsty . frankie she 's go to be thirsty ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 2. 3 continued : 3 dean you know what we should do ? we should leave she bowl full of water and she dish full of food . because she 's gotta get hungry and thirsty sometime . you know ? Dean 's optimism be infectious . frankie nod slowly . dean ( cont 'd ) like I . I be hungry . I be so hungry I could eat you toe . Dean pretend to gnaw at frankie 's toe . break she sadness . int . periera home - bedroom - 6:12 am - present day 4 4 cindy periera , 28 , sleep in bed . sunlight spill through translucent yellow curtain into a small master bedroom . Dean set frankie down on the bed , motion to she to be silent . he sniff the air . she follow . they eye each other and pounce . Cindy wake up with a gasp . cindy I be sleep ! dean we be hungry ! we be go to eat you . they pin she arm above she head and ' furber ' she armpit . dean ( cont 'd ) do not laugh . come on , do not laugh ! Cindy do not laugh , she scream . int . periera home - various - morning - later - present day 5 5 Cindy , nursing a weight - loss drink , scan through digital photo on the computer . we see - family on vacation , frankie 's first day of school , frankie and a black and white border collie mutt - megan . Cindy export the picture when ... a tea kettle whistle blow . Dean and frankie sit at the table . he play a song for frankie on a ukulele . Cindy get up , turn off the kettle . dean what happen to the flute ? Cindy pour the hot water into a bowl with instant oatmeal &amp ; raisin . she blow on the food and place it at the table . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 3. 5 continued : 5 cindy c'mon , eat , you can not be late today . frankie take a tiny bite and make a sour face . frankie I do not like it ... Cindy turn on the faucet over a pile of dish , return to the computer to e-mail herself the miss dog flyer . dean here ... we can make it taste better . Dean spoon the raisin out of she bowl onto the table . dean ( cont 'd ) this be how a leopard eat . he lap up he coffee like a cat . she mimic . Dean laugh . cindy come on frankie , use a spoon . you know how to use a spoon . frankie leper do not use spoon . dean ( whisper ) be you gonna listen to you mother ? I think you better . frankie reluctantly take a tiny bite . her face sour and she let the food fall out of she mouth and back in the bowl . Cindy return to the dish . dean ( cont 'd ) how old be you ? frankie five . dean okay , eat five bite . Dean get up , go to Cindy at the sink . dean ( cont 'd ) we gotta get a dishwasher ... tries to take the dish sponge away from she . she resist . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 4. 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 dean ( cont 'd ) I will do it . come on let I do it . she drop the sponge , dry she hand . cindy frankie ! we be leave in 15 . eat ! frankie ignore she . cindy ( cont 'd ) alright ... she pull frankie out of she seat and carry she under one arm to the back room . frankie protest . Dean watch , shake he head . he see the computer on , Cindy 's e-mail be still open . he shut off the run water . he scan through message from a bunch of name of people Dean do not know . he sweat , click open a return message from a real estate company - apartment now available . int . periera home - bathroom - morning 6 6 cindy look up for mommy ... come on frankie ! we be gonna be late ... look up . frankie be propped up on the sink . Cindy draw cat whisker on she cheek . frankie tip she head back . cindy ( soften ) ( cont would ) do not blink ... leopard do not blink ... ext . periera home - morning - present day 7 7 Cindy back they minivan out of the garage . frankie be strapped in she carseat . Dean come up to the window , knock . Cindy brake . Dean hand frankie she backpack . dean ( to frankie ) you be good today for miss Alex , okay ? frankie , dress like a little leopard , nod . dean ( to frankie ) ( cont would ) Love you . frankie I love you . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 5 . 7 continued : 7 dean ( to Cindy ) Love you . he kiss she on the corner of she mouth . a hesitation . cindy ... Love you . Dean pull he head out of the window . dean put you seat belt on . she start to back up . dean ( cont 'd ) c'mon . what 's the big deal ? Cindy do as she 's tell , look over she shoulder , scrape the curb . dean ( cont 'd ) watch ... Cindy crank the wheel straight , put on the gas and burn down the road . Dean stand there in he driveway , mutter to himself . he watch the car disappear down the street . another car , head the opposite direction , barrel down the road , past the periera home . dean ( cont 'd ) slow that piece of shit down ! int . clinic - day - present day 8 8 Cindy click the " print " button on a computer , move to the printer . it spit out a " miss Dog " flyer . dr . SAM feinberg - handsome , well - groom , unshakable confidence - appear at the door , with coffee . feinberg there you be . Cindy place the flyer in she folder in a rush . cindy sorry ... I be almost do . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 5a . 8 continued : 8 feinberg you get a second ? do you get a chance to talk it over with you family yet ? cindy yeah ... I be go to . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 6. 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 feinberg I do not have to tell you , it 's a huge opportunity ... cindy I know I know . I should know for sure by Monday . feinberg all right , Monday 's we day . I want the a team up there with I . talk it over . feinberg walk away down the hallway . cindy I will . int . van - day - present day 9 9 Dean drive with a beer in a koozie and a cigarette . he have a cough fit , roll down he window and spit . charley - late 30 , hefty , African american - sit in the passenger seat . he pop the top to a styrofoam coffee cup . they talk about sex , woman and break fantasy . but Dean 's attention be on the side of the road , scan the neighborhood for megan . he whistle sharp and loud . charley cheer up man . God want you to be happy . dean God 's a woman and she 's piss off at I . int . clinic - day - present day 10 10 a ultrasound monitor , the abstract image of a 20 - week fetus . Cindy watch feinberg perform a ultrasound . dr . feinberg ( to Cindy ) do you want to take over from here ? Cindy place she hand on the sensor . feinberg place he hand over hers . they gently glide it over the abdomen . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 7. 10 continued : 10 dr . feinberg ( cont would ) easy . feinberg release Cindy 's hand and remove he latex glove . dr . feinberg ( cont would ) very good , Cindy . you be in good hand . Cindy be one of we favorite . Cindy blushes . she be transfix on the monitor . cindy do you want to know the sex ? int . suburban home - unfinished housing track - present day 11 11 Dean smoke , work in the soon to be live room . he paint a picture on the wall before cover it up with the roller . int . cindy car - late afternoon a11 a11 she drive through a drive through and order fast food . int / ext . cindy car - afternoon a12 a12 Cindy drive , fast food wrapper in hand , see something out the window . she slow down , wait for oppose traffic to pass , then pull a wide u-turn . she rise up out of she seat to look at something . cindy oh no ... she pull the car to a stop , put on the hazzard , take a moment to compose herself , unbuckle she seatbelt . get out . ellipse : a blanket cover a dead border collie mutt in the gutter . Cindy put megan 's body into the back of she van . int . elementary school gymnasium / day camp program - afternoon12 12 - present day FOURTH of JULY music recital . the pre-k class be line up on small bleacher . led by they teacher , the kid sing " I be a yankee doodle Boy . " frankie , step out of she line of pre-kindergarteners to see if she parent be in the bleacher . she spot she father , jump a little , and wonder if he can see she . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 7a . 12 continued : 12 Dean sit alone , pick paint off he hand . he do not fully watch the child - he watch the door for Cindy to enter . he wonder where she be - every possible scenario pass through he mind . look at the clock - 3:35 . Cindy arrive with haste , purse open , hold a big set of key in she right hand and a water bottle in she leave . she prop she sunglass on she head , look around for frankie . she wave to she , but frankie do not see she . Dean spot Cindy by the base of the bleacher - relax . he pick up he jacket , put it on he lap , make room for she . she look around for Dean , spot he near the top of the bleacher . Little wave . she climb the crowded bleacher , stop to talk with parent along the way . she come up next to Dean , take she purse off . they say " hi " but neither one make eye contact . Dean take the water bottle from she . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 8. 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 dean do not think you be gonna make it . cindy do I miss she ? dean almost . her class be come up . Dean kiss she cheek . Cindy settles , arrange she thing . dean ( cont 'd ) you have a good day ? cindy it be alright ... busy . dean anything good happen ? Cindy shake she head " no . " she drop she key into she purse , but they miss the target and she fumble after they . dean ( cont 'd ) be something wrong ? Cindy shake she head . take the water from Dean . he stare at she . she concentrate on close the clasp on she purse . dean ( cont 'd ) why do not you tell I ? she do not want to start cry . Dean get visibly frustrated . he 's sick of pry everything out of she . dean ( cont 'd ) why do you gotta make I beg ? I know there 's something wrong . it 's gonna come out eventually . just tell I . the song end . a patter of applause . the teacher introduce the next song " the battle hymn of the republic " . cindy I find megan . dean that 's great , where ? Cindy do not answer . she can not . she try to keep from cry . he quickly realize what she 's try to tell he . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 8a . 12 continued : ( 3 ) 12 dean ( cont 'd ) where ? cindy over on urbandale ... near spur . dean I tell you you gotta close that fuck gate . Cindy wipe tear . she have to look up and blink to keep they from roll down she cheek . Dean put he arm around she , hold she close . she try to pull away . he will not let she . dean ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . it 's not you fault . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 9. 12 continued : ( 4 ) 12 frankie see she mother and Father huddle together . she sing louder . ext . elementary school / day camp program . afternoon . a13 a13 Cindy sit in she car , check she eye in the rear view mirror . they be puffy . frankie run full speed into Dean 's arm . he pick she up and walk she to Cindy 's car . dean you be great . frankie do you find megan ? dean no. but ... I be think ... maybe she get a job or something ... you know ? so she could make some money and buy some food . or maybe she move out to Hollywood to become a movie dog ! frankie nod . Dean get she to the car . strap she in . dean ( cont 'd ) I be think ... you should have some fun tonight 1 do not you think ? frankie yeah ! Cindy listen in the front seat . she do not approve . ext . heller home - afternoon - present day 13 13 the door open to a grandpa in short and a bathrobe wear navy scuba gear , jerry heller - early 70' . he have a tube under he nose attach to a oxygen tank . his porch and front yard be overload with fourth of July decoration . frankie pa ! Jerry growl at frankie . she scream , scared but delighted . a yapping dog name sammy jump on she . Jerry nod at Dean who keep he distance by the van . cindy be not you come up ? Dean give a sour look and light a cigarette . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 9a . 13 continued : 13 cindy ( cont 'd ) he 's a old man . dean what ? I can not smoke around he oxygen . Cindy give Dean a slow look of contempt , grab the backpack and walk toward the house . Jerry stand over the hose spigot with frankie at he side . jerry ... want I to show you a magic trick ? here 's how you turn the grass green . you can teach it to you dad . the sprinkler jet on . Cindy come up and kiss she dad on the cheek . she straighten frankie 's ear . cindy go say goodbye to daddy . you be not go to see he until tomorrow . Jerry hold frankie back . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 10 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 jerry wait ...! ok ...one , two , three go ! frankie run to Dean , dodging the water stream . she hug he leg . he pick she up . dean hey leopard . you be good now . you remember what to do when pa snore ? frankie cover he mouth and hold he nose . dean that 's my girl . gimme a squeezer . Dean hug she and she squeeze back as hard as she arm allow . Dean play as if he neck be be pinch off . he set she on the ground run back to the porch . she get catch in the diameter of the sprinkler spray . she scream as the water chase she . jerry it get you ! go right ! other right ! Dean and Cindy both laugh . they eye meet for the first time in day , maybe week . they exchange a brief smile , fill with mutual love , pride and respect - connect by they little girl . frankie stand in front of Cindy , water drip from she bang . cindy come on silly . let 's go in and get dry . frankie I do not wanna take off my costume ! cindy you do not have to . let 's just go in . Cindy lead frankie with one hand and pull Jerry 's oxygen tank with the other . Jerry take frankie 's free hand . Dean smoke and watch ... Cindy hold the screen open with she foot and maneuver father , tank and child inside . the screen door close . sammy bark at Dean through the screen door . he tug he smoke , memory flood . he drift ... ext . CITY street . dog walking . day . 6 year earlier . 14 14 the sound of bark . a younger dean , 24 , walk 10 dog . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 11 . int . dean's friend apartment - late day . 6 year earlier . 15 15 Dean come inside from the cold . he try to walk in quietly - not disturbing Jake who 's watch tv in the back bedroom . he go to say " hi " but decide he would rather not disturb he . Dean sit on the couch which he use as a bed . he pull he travel bag from underneath the coffee table , dig around for a long sock where he keep he money . he stuff he day 's pay ( $ 45 ) , in the sock with the rest of he $ ( about $ 100 ) . in the kitchen , he open the fridge . there be a pie tin with one last slice of pumpkin pie . walk to Jake 's room . stands in the doorway . Jake do not acknowledge he . dean hey man ... can I have a slice of that pie ? ext . CITY STREET - dog walking - morning . 6 year earlier . 16 16 a dog poop on the sidewalk . Dean get he little bag ready . see - a light post with flyer tape to it . Dean read - men wanted - $ 22/hr . he tear it down . ext . bus stop . morning . 17 17 Dean wait for the bus to come . int . storage facility / moving company - day - 6 year earlier 18 18 Dean enter , hair comb , still wet , with fresh tooth mark . jo - 36 , receptionist sit beyond a scratch window . Dean pull out the fold flyer and ask if they have any work . jo you be gonna have to speak with Mr. san , honey . wait just a minute , okay . Dean sit on a chair , smooth he hair , smell he clothes . int . garage - later - 6 year earlier 19 19 san - huge hand , the boss - lead Dean through a large , open garage , line with many size of move truck . sane normally we be busy at the beginning of the month . you break you back for two week , you get 2 week to rest . that 's normal . day start early . ( more ) ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 12 . 19 continued : 19 you will work on a crew of 4 . the rate for 4 man be $ 122 /hour . $ 40 go to the truck . you split the rest . plus tip . policy on tardiness ; you work for the day you do not get pay . you be late two time ; do not bother come back . any question , talk to curtis . he 's you supervisor . worker eye Dean . he introduce himself . shake hand . int . truck - early morning - 6 year earlier 20 20 Dean ride in the back of a 20 foot truck . the wind be cold . he warm he hand with he breath . int . home # 1 - morning - 6 year earlier 21 21 Dean lift two large box and move toward the stair . curtis whoa whoa . you gonna break you neck homey . look down . Dean do . all he see be brown box . curtis ( cont 'd ) can not see you foot . if you can not see you foot , how you gonna know where the step be ? you goin ' bust you ass . curtis take the box from Dean and demonstrate . curtis ( cont 'd ) turn around . curtis heft the box on Dean 's back . he pull he arm around the back to hold onto they in a awkward position . curtis ( cont 'd ) you gotta be a mule . always carry on you back . give `er a try . Dean be unsure . he proceed , imbalance down the stair . he make it to the truck where san wait to help he get the box in . Dean can not quite manage a 30 - pound , behind the back hand -off . he end up spilling up the box and they content all over the sidewalk . san get piss . Dean get down on he hand and knee and pack up the box - quickly . moving montage : home # 2 22 22 Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 13. - dean pour himself a glass of milk from a client be refrigerator . he chug it . - dean stack box like block and tap dance to keep warm . 23 23 he sing a song to himself . - dean hoist a 6 ' tall dresser with drawer on he back . 24 24 curtis tie a blue blanket around he to secure he load . dean walk out of the truck and into a new apartment . - curtis hand out the day' money , plus tip . dean count his25 25 CUT - $ 327 . not bad . but he back feel broken . int . dean's friend apartment . day . 6 year earlier 26 26 - Dean put $ 300 in a envelope , seal it , and write " thanks pal . " he slide the envelope under Jake 's door . - he lay on the couch , wrap up in a white sheet , smoking a cigarette . tries to stretch he back . int / ext . home # 1 . truck . 6 year earlier . 27 27 lunch-time . Dean , curtis sit in the bed of the truck , leg dangle . they eat hamburger and talk about girl . int . dean's friend apartment - bathroom . morning . 28 28 Dean shower , try to stretch he aching back . ext / int . brownstone . ( home # 3 ) morning . 6 year earlier . 29 29 a fifty something man help a elderly man navigate he walker down the stair of he neglect brownstone . Dean hold a ream of unfold cardboard box and can not help but stare . curtis slap he on the back . curtis gonna happen to you someday too . int . brownstone . morning . 30 30 inside . dank , dark home . 0 upkeep . the smell make Dean hold back a gag . curtis climb the stair to the 2nd floor . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 14 . 30 continued : 30 curtis I do not think that old man 's be up here in 10 year . san elbow in with roll of tape and contractor bag . sane ( to dean ) box up everything on the first floor . toss everything else . - Dean find jar of yellow liquid everywhere . " what 's this ? " he open a jar and be overwhelm by the stench of urine . dean it 's fuck pee ! - he run to the toilet and puke in to a shit stain porcelain bowl . san berate he for waste time . dean ( cont 'd ) how could you live like this ? - he tie a bandana around he nose . get back to pack . - box full of the old man 's life ( religious item , frame picture , old camera and ream of polaroid ) . - box be pack , tape and stack . ext . brownstone . morning . 31 31 bag of garbage dump into a 20 ' rent dumpster out in the street . - Dean and curtis heft a old couch into the dumpster . - barren home reveal a sagging floor . ghostly impression on wall where picture use to hang . - the truck take off , leave a full dumpster behind . ext / int . truck / road . afternoon . 6 year earlier . 32 32 - Dean and crew cut out of the city . it 's the first time Dean have see nature in the longest . breathes deep . int . retirement home . late afternoon . 6 year earlier . 33 33 - the crew carry box down a hallway to a single room . a sign on the door read , " welcome home walter !!! " curtis how we s'pose to fit all this in here ? - Dean and curtis move a dresser against the wall . - he hammer a nail in the wall . place a frame picture up . - unpack the old man 's clothes , fold they , put they in drawer . - replace the light bulb on a burn out lamp . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 15 . 33 continued : 33 - wipe clean old picture and knickknack use toilet paper , . - san carry in a box of food - can of soup , etc . sane last one . let get a move on . gotta make it home for the game . Dean hold up the man 's wedding picture . dean look how handsome he be . sane what be you fuck queer ? san hand Dean a wad of bill . sane ( cont 'd ) finish up , we gotta 2 hour drive back . san walk down the hall , call out to hurry up . Dean set the bill down on the dresser . continue to arrange the thing . he stare at a picture of old man and he wife . ellipse - a nurse wheel walter down the hallway and introduce he to he new room . dean wait up . we gotta do this right ... he take the wheelchair from the nurse , wheel walter out of the room , pick he out out of he wheelchair , and carry he back into the room across the threshold of he new home . dean ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be the new stud in this place . Dean set he down in a recliner , then give he a tour of he room - tell he which drawer he sock be in , where put the aftershave , etc . curtis poke he head around the corner . curtis boss say we gotta go . we gotta go . Dean cut the tour short , wish the old man luck and tell he he will come visit he someday . he back out of the doorway , grab he money off the dresser , and say goodbye . Dean turn and be freeze in he track . something or someone make he expression change to that of wonder , eye fill with love ... he put the money in he pocket . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 15a . int . mini van . drive . afternoon . present day 34 34 Cindy pull into the driveway behind Dean 's van . he walk around she mini van and direct she to open the back hatch . she press the button from inside . hatch open . she gather the stack of miss dog flyer in the seat next to she . ext . periera home - backyard - present day a35 a35 Dean bury megan by the fence . he place a stone on the mound as a marker . he stand over it , smoking a cigarette . Cindy look on from the porch , arm hugging she body . Dean walk to she and wrap he arm around she . her arm fall and move up to touch he side . cindy what be we go to tell she ? dean we will tell she Monday . after the weekend . let 's not ruin she holiday . Dean turn Cindy around , close he eye , and hug she . cindy she would have want to say goodbye . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 16 . int / ext . periera home - continuous 35 35 - Cindy wash dish , straighten up the house . outside - Dean sit in frankie 's little rock chair , smoking a cigarette . he look out over he lawn . - pick up freeze dog poop with a little shovel , rinse out megan 's bowl with the hose . - he watch Cindy inside , clean . he look at he house . remember something . int / ext . periera home - continuous 36 36 he come in through the slide glass door and step over Cindy who be on the floor pick up frankie 's hotwheel . he yank open a junk drawer and pull out item . dean you remember where we put ... Cindy stop and watch he . he hold up a gift certificate in a old anniversary card . dean ( cont 'd ) here ! let 's get the fuck out of here . Dean grab the phone and dial . dean ( on phone ) ( cont would ) hello , I want to see if I can reserve a room for the night ... tonight . I have a gift certificate but I do not know if it 's still good . can I give you a number ? 7g263 ?... cindy what be you do ? dean take we away . we gotta get outta this house . ( back to phone ) it 's still good ? good ... well , what room do you get ?... hold on a minute ... Dean lower the receiver to he neck . dean ( cont 'd ) what room do you want ? the North pole , the Moon room or cupid 's cave . which one ? Cindy shake she head . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 17 . 36 continued : 36 dean ( cont 'd ) I do not want to hear any excuse . we be go . we deserve it . one night . because we belong to each other . pick a room . cindy you be crazy . dean you be not go to decide ? I will decide . that 's how decision get make . Dean get a shit-eate grin . dean ( cont 'd ) come on let 's go get drunk . he return to the phone . dean ( cont 'd ) give we the moon room . periera . p-e-r-i - e-r-a ... 2 ... great ... Dean hang up . dean ( cont 'd ) pack we bag . we be go to the moon ! ext . liquor mart parking lot . afternoon . present day . 37 37 they argue about who 's gonna go in . int . liquor mart - afternoon - present day 38 38 - Cindy jerk out a grocery cart , push it , scan the aisle of the massive liquor store . - tuck two large bottle of champagne under she arm . - she try on different pair of sunglass at the display . she assume the character that each pair suggest . she be a tough guy cop when ... bobby ( o.s. ) be that Cindy heller ? Cindy turn and see bobby ontario , she college sweetheart . she lift the glass on she head , blood rush to she face . cindy Bobby Ontario ? ext . gas station - afternoon - present day 39 39 Dean fill he tank . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 18 . int . liquor mart - afternoon - present day 40 40 Cindy push she cart down the aisle along side Bobby , 30 year old , fit . taylor , a small toddler sit in he cart wear overall and a backward baseball cap like he daddy . bobby ... so , you be faithful to he ? cindy that 's a strange question to ask someone you have not see in forever . bobby I be a strange person . Cindy laugh . bobby ( cont 'd ) no seriously . cindy yes . bobby yes you have or yes you have not ? cindy yes ... I have not . I mean I have ... I have be ... why be you look at I like that ? bobby I be not look at you like anything . cindy oh ok . bobby it 's hard to be faithful . I do not know if monogamy be possible , especially if you be a man ... cindy who 's this ? bobby this be Taylor . he 's two . get a little girl at home . irene . cindy wow ... ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 19 . 40 continued : 40 bobby kid be great . they pick up on thing so fast . like watch ... hey Spence , give I five ... give I five , buddy . drool , and with a toothless smile , Taylor give he daddy five . Bobby beam . bobby ( cont 'd ) give Cindy five . Taylor hold up he hand limply so that Cindy have to give he a awkward five . Bobby laugh . they reach the register . bobby ( cont 'd ) to see yourself in you kid 's face ... I never experience anything like that . cindy I know ... there be a uncomfortable silence between they . Cindy start to unload she purchase . cindy ( cont 'd ) I be really happy for you . bobby how 's you kid ? cindy she 's good . pause . they speak at the same time . bobby what be her - cindy she' got - they stop . Cindy concede . cindy ( cont 'd ) you go ... bobby no , you go ... cindy oh ... I be go to say , you ask she what kind of hair she 's get and she say , a bob . it 's pretty funny . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 20 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 Cindy smile at the ground . Bobby eye she purchase - a bottle of vodka , cheap champagne , mixer , snack . bobby what 's she name ? cindy frankie . fumble , she start bag she grocery . checker that 's $ 58.42 . Cindy hand the checker a fifty . the checker hold it out . checker ( cont 'd ) $ 58.42 . cindy oh ... I be sorry . Cindy search she wallet , go into she change purse . cindy ( cont 'd ) how much be the vodka ? the checker look at the receipt . checker $ 11.99 . cindy can I put that back ? I be sorry ... Bobby hold out a twenty dollar bill . bobby I get it . cindy nothankyou . ( to checker ) just take it off please . Bobby drop the bill on the scanner . bobby you can get I back . ext . liquor mart - parking lot - afternoon - present day 41 41 Cindy push the cart hurriedly , steal shade on she head . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 21 . 41 continued : 41 Dean blow on a hot cup of coffee . Cindy move fast , load in the bag next to they luggage , slam the hatch close and snatch the key from Dean 's hand . cindy let 's go . dean you be drivin ' ? Cindy hop in the driver 's seat . Dean ride on the end of the buggy and crash it into the buggy corral . she fire up the engine and honk . he throw he hand up . int . mini van - late afternoon - present day 42 42 Cindy drive the car along a windy , mountain road . Dean keep a lidless cup of coffee from spilling . dean alright , lead foot . it 's not a race . Cindy be zone into the road . she turn off the radio . cindy be not it funny how you can be drive for 20 minute and it feel like you have only be drive for 20 second . the time just get swallow up somewhere ... Dean place he hand on Cindy 's hand that rest on the car seat . a small squeeze . she squeeze back . Dean look at she with tenderness . her eye be on the road . she lift she hand to the wheel . Dean reach for the radio . dean do you mind if I turn this back on ? cindy I be kind of enjoy the silence . dean let 's just see if there 's something on ... he scan through the low station . dean ( cont 'd ) anything ? fuck it . he turn it off . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 22. 42 continued : 42 dean ( cont 'd ) that 's better . you be right . it never get to be just quiet . you know ? Cindy nod . Dean roll down he window , spit he gum as far as he can . he roll it back up . dean ( cont 'd ) what be you think about ? Dean look at Cindy , wait for she to respond . dean ( cont 'd ) do you get everything ? cindy think so . dean where d' you get this ? Dean reach for the glass on top of Cindy 's head . she feel the dangle tag - " woop . " she tear off the tag and toss the glass on the dashboard . dean ( cont 'd ) try they ' on . Cindy shake she head " no . " Dean put they on he face . he pose for Cindy . she grab the glass and put they on . she look at Dean . he hold in a chuckle . dean ( cont 'd ) you look like you mom . Cindy take they off . back on the dash . dean ( cont 'd ) you get any snack ? cindy there should be some fig newton back there . Dean unbuckle he seatbelt , crawl to the back of the van dig through the bag . Cindy can not see out of the rear-view . dean which bag ? cindy you have to look . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 23. 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 Cindy enjoy a moment alone , straighten she back , cross the dot yellow line and pass a car , then relax . Dean crawl back up to the front seat . they both eat a cookie . dean mmm . this be good . he offer she another one . she shake she head . cindy I have to pee . the car stop on the shoulder of the two lane highway . Cindy get out of the car . dean you can not wait ? we be almost there . ext . roadside - dusk - present day 43 43 cindy I gotta go . Cindy jog across the road . Dean see traffic come . dean goddamnit Cindy !! pay attention !!! on the side of the road , she stare into the wood . Cars pass behind she , headlight flood the night . she descend into the thicket until the sound of the highway be faint . wind through the leave . she drop she pants and pee . something rustle and she look into the wood . cindy ... hello ? she stand up and zip up she pants . eye search the shadow . ... Cindy be alone . a leaf fall to earth . she stare at it and she mind drift back to ... ext . suburban STREET / college - day - 6 year earlier 44 44 a younger cindy - 22 , smart - wheel herself down suburban sidewalk . face of pass people look at she with pity - what a shame that such a pretty girl be in a wheelchair . Cindy wheel herself across the campus quad . student hurry by clutching schoolbook . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 24 . int . gymnasium - day - 6 year earlier 45 45 wrestling practice . Bobby - 22 , svelte - get into the defensive position . troy leaner , he buddy , get on top of he in the offensive position . Bobby look up , see Cindy by the door attempt to pop wheelies in she wheelchair . whistle blow ! Bobby escape the position and wrap Troy up in a double grapevine . quickly pin he , stand up , take off he ear guard , bump fist . he walk over to Cindy . bobby what be you do ? cindy Research . bobby you be suppose to be a quadriplegic ? cindy quad can not use they arm . I be a paraplegic . bobby do not I give you enough attention ? he press himself into she and maul she with a wet kiss . bobby ( cont 'd ) wonder what people would think if they see I make out with a paraplegic ? he lift she expensive necklace out from under she dress - look at it admiringly . then , Cindy . bobby ( close ( cont would ) can you come over ? cindy I can not . I have to go get gramma . Cindy roll the wheelchair back . bobby gimme a sec . Bobby try to hide the erection trap in he wrestle singlet . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 25 . int . heller home - foyer - evening - 6 year earlier 46 46 the front door open and Cindy push gramma francis - 80' , Alzheimer 's - into the middle class home . napoleon - a ill - train dog - greet they with jump and lick cindy get down napoleon ! get down ! glenda heller - 50' , desperate - peek she head out of the kitchen . she hold a coffee mug fill with gin on the rock . glenda ope - I think you be you dad . cindy just we . Cindy kiss she mom on the cheek , can smell the alcohol . glenda how be the beauty shop ? int . heller home - foyer - later - 6 year earlier 47 47 the front door open and colonel jerry - 65 , wound tighter than a navy knot - enter . glenda , rush to greet he . jerry get that fuck dog out of the kitchen ! int . heller home - dine room - evening - 6 year earlier 48 48 glenda , jerry and gramma come lord Jesus , be we guest , and let thy gift to we be bless . amen . glenda , Jerry , gramma Francis and Cindy sit around a dining room table . glenda slice a knife through a greenish meatloaf . she serve a watery slice to gramma . gramma thank you . glenda avert she eye . she cut another slice . Cindy offer glenda she plate . the meat break apart and half of it land on the table cloth . a brownish - green oil . cindy it 's ok mom . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 26 . 48 continued : 48 Cindy pick up the fall particle with she fork . Jerry 's eye burn into glenda . she will not look at he . glenda can I have you plate dad ? he push it across the table a inch . glenda lower a slice onto Jerry 's plate with a splat . Jerry look at he dinner . glenda serve herself . Cindy cut gramma 's meat with she fork and look over at she dad . his face be turn beat-re ... suddenly , Jerry pound he fist into the mound of meatloaf , obliterate it . particle of ground meat fly everywhere . glenda will not look up , she shoulder tremble . Jerry raise he steaming fist . bit of ground beef stick to he knuckle . jerry what would you do to meatloaf ? huh ?! glenda they have it ready - make in the deli . I ... think it look good . jerry be you kid I ? how long do it take to make a meatloaf ? five minute ? you mean to tell I that you do not have five minute to make a meatloaf ? I be up since six this morning busting my fuck ass and you do not have five minute to make a meatloaf ? glenda I think it would be nice . jerry Nice ? glenda ... for a change ... jerry well , what give you the idea that any of we need a change ? do you ask for a change ? Cindy ? she do not ask for anything ... she do not talk . you do not ask for a change , do you mom ?... she can not hear ! and I do not remember ask for a change . so , it be you , be not it ? you want a change . I work all day so you can sit on you fat ass , thinkin ' about yourself . how you would like a change . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 27 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 glenda sorry . jerry sorry ? what good be sorry now ? glenda do you want I to make you some egg ? jerry I want you to enjoy you fuck dinner . he storm out of the dining room . glenda , Cindy and gramma sit in silence . Cindy take a bite . cindy it 's not bad . glenda oh bullshit . glenda retreat into the kitchen . gramma and Cindy eat . professor ( o.s. ) ... when I be a young physician , I use to leave the hospital everyday in tear . int . heller home - bathroom - night - 6 year earlier 49 49 gramma sit in a chair in the bathtub . Cindy squeeze a sudsy washcloth over she body . use a plastic cup to rinse . professor ( o.s. ) just break down from see the suffer of my patient . gramma francis do not get my hair . int . heller home - master bedroom - night - 6 year earlier 50 50 fully clothed , glenda be pass out on the bed . frame family portrait sit on the mantle . professor ( o.s. ) ... as a result , I begin to suffer . not just in my work but emotionally and physically ... spiritually ... Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 28. int . heller home - live room - night - 6 year earlier 51 51 shirt off , hand stuff into he underwear - Jerry hold a remote and flick through channel . nothing hold . professor ( o.s. ) ... there 's a choice we all have to make in the medical profession - whether to be sympathetic or empathetic with we patient ... int . heller home - cindy room - dawn - 6 year earlier 52 52 SOUND of typing . a open medical schoolbook on the psychology of patient sit on a well - organize desk . Cindy stare at the screen , hit " enter . " professor ( o.s. ) ... imagine you patient as be in a hole . to be sympathetic mean you throw they a rope to help pull they out ... page print on a old printer . outside the window , the sun have begin to rise . professor ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) ... to be empathetic mean you jump in the hole with they ... ext . CITY bus - morning - 6 year earlier 53 53 Cindy sit near the back of the bus . she hug she backpack . professor ( o.s. ) ... now you be both stick . int . auditorium classroom - afternoon - 6 year earlier 54 54 the professor stand in front of the class . there be grid and diagram illustrate doctor - patient relationship . it be a big class - student , sit in steep row . professor ( concluding ) I want you to think about that when we go into the next section . please pass in you report . Cindy pass she paper down . Bobby , the of , collect the report . Cindy can feel he stare at she as she pack she backpack . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 29 . 54 continued : 54 she try not to give he the satisfaction , but she can not help it - he cockiness be magnetic . she look , notice something new - he belt buckle have he name on it . int . bobby's bedroom - afternoon - 6 year earlier 55 55 a gold necklace dangle from Cindy 's neck . her arm secure she weight on the bed . Bobby stand behind she . his hand caress she back as he look down at himself inside of she . he close he eye tight , try to control himself . but the ecstasy be too much - he come inside of she , moan , and let he body weight smother she onto the bed . bobby ( breathless ) shit . she stop move , feel he shrink inside of she . cindy ( realizing ) shit ! bobby I could not help it . she get out from underneath he . bobby ( cont 'd ) I could not help it ... you feel too good . Cindy be white , try to contain she terror . she disappear into the bathroom . Bobby sit up . bobby ( call out ) ( cont would ) do not trip . it will be ok ... ok ? Bobby lie back , frustrated , and button he pants . in the bathroom - bobby be 56 56 Cindy sit on the toilet , pee ; hope gravity will pull Bobby out of she . she run she hand under the faucet and scrub she crotch , hope that this will wash he out of she . Cindy come out , shirt stretch over she waist . Bobby sit up , ask she what 's wrong ? she can not look . bobby it 's you fault . you feel too good . she see she underwear lie by the base of the bed . she go to grab they , but Bobby snatch they away . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 30 . 56 continued : 56 cindy give they ! Cindy press she lip together . she leap at Bobby and squeeze he crotch and get she underwear back . Bobby 's face turn vicious . he snatch they back aggressively . bobby say you be sorry ! Cindy pick she pants up off the floor - pull they on . cindy take a deep whiff , you fuck douchebag ! she tear off he necklace , throw it at he , slam the door . bobby I be just joke ! God ! ext . suburban STREET . day . 6 year earlier . 57 57 Cindy walk briskly , hoodie pull low , push she gramma in a wheelchair . gramma protect she hair from the breeze . omitted 58 58 ext / int . retirement home - late afternoon . 6 year earlier . 59 59 Cindy push she gramma in . pile of move box line the hallway . int . retirement home . late afternoon . 6 year earlier . a60 a60 ellipse - Cindy sit down for dinner with gramma and the other elderly resident . Cindy notice a group of man move box into the home . int . gramma's bedroom . late afternoon . 6 year earlier . b61 b61 - Cindy help gramma with bedtime ritual . - Cindy read to gramma ... but she keep get distract by the commotion across the hall - mover carry box and furniture down the hallway . one in particular , tall , handsome , catch she eye . it be Dean . she crane she head to see - he decorate the inside of the old man 's room . gramma what be it ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 30a . b61 continued : b61 cindy it look like you have a new neighbor . Cindy return to the book , but there be something about the mover that have capture she attention . she can not stop watch he every time he pass she door . gramma glenda ... I mean Cindy ... can I have a cigarette ? cindy no , gramma , you be in bed now . it 's bedtime . do you want I to keep read ? gramma nod . Cindy turn the page , look up , see Dean lift the old man over the threshold and into the room . gramma Cindy . have you get a cigarette ! cindy okay , shhh . but you gotta be quiet . Cindy get up and open the window . she turn on the fan , dig in gramma 's purse , get a cigarette and a lighter . Cindy walk to she gramma 's door , see curtis walk away from the old man 's room . curtis ( o.s. ) boss say we gotta go . we gotta go . she start close the door , then see Dean back out of the old man 's room . he put a roll of money in he pocket , turn to leave and see Cindy watch he . dean ( look down at he money ) I do not just steal that . Cindy do not know what this guy be talk about . dean ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you think I just steal that money ? cindy no . dean you do . no , you do . I know that you do . and the reason that I know that you do be - I have steal money before ... a lot of it . and I know what it feel like to have someone look at you like that ... ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 30b . b61 continued : ( 2 ) b61 cindy like what ? dean the way you lookin' . just so you know , I have a job where I make money . money that I can take girl out on date with . cindy be you try to pick up on I ? dean maybe ... sane ( o.s. ) pack it up periera . Bus be leave . Dean look toward the door , then back at Cindy . he see that he have kind of go to far with he rant . dean can I give you my number or something . he feel inside he shirt pocket , pull out a business card . find a pen . Dean write he name across the card . hand it to Cindy . dean ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be Dean . just call and you can ask for I . I will get it . Cindy look down at the card , at he name . then back up to he . Dean run out , chase after he ride . he look behind before he leave . Cindy watch he go out the door . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 31 . int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 60 60 door open revealing Dean and Cindy hold grocery and suitcase . Dean flick on the light , illuminate the Moon room - a hotel room decorate like the lunar surface . dean wow . where be we ? he set down the suitcase , transfix by the room , a kid in a candy shop . Cindy move to the small kitchen that look like a control room . she make herself a drink . int . romantasuite - bathroom - night - present day 61 61 Dean walk into the bright bathroom , turn on the shower , a sparse tinkle of water . dean ( yell out ) I could piss harder than this ! the dual mirror multiply he reflection . he look at himself and remove he coffee-staine shirt . a neglect body . but something else distress Dean . a fall hair on the T-shirt he hold . he run he hand through he hair , look in horror at twelve fall hair in he palm . he wash they down the drain and lean to the mirror , inspect he hairline . dean ( cont 'd ) Cynthia ! int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 62 62 Cindy dial the telephone , drink in hand . shirtless , Dean walk out of the bathroom with he empty palm open . dean now watch . he run he hand through he hair then show she he palm - three fall hair . his magic trick . dean ( cont 'd ) see. I tol ' ya . it 's fall out ! Cindy ignore Dean who be mesmerize . dean ( cont 'd ) oooooooooh shiiiiiiit ! Cindy wave he away . Jerry pick up the line . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 32 . 62 continued : 62 cindy ( into phone ) hi dad . we be here ... it 's kind of crazy . I do not know , should I feel bad ? Dean trot back into the bathroom . he be scream like a hyena . cindy ( cont 'd ) ... it 's just Dean ... he 's lose he hair . what be you guy do ? int . romantasuite - bedroom - night - present day 63 63 Dean toss he suitcase onto the circular spaceship bed , watch the graceful way it rebound . he shove the suitcase aside , fall backwards onto the bed . he sigh with pleasure . there be a box with a button next to the bed . he press it . the bed rotate . he look up at he spin reflection in the mirror above the bed . cindy ( o.s. ) lemme talk to the little one . dean ( shout ) be that Francis ? hey !? do not hang up until I talk to she ! int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 64 64 cindy do pa make you something to eat yet ? ... frankie ? ... what would you and pa eat ? ... be it cook all the way through ? no pink in there ? ... Dean walk up from behind , put on a clean , white T-shirt . he snap he finger at Cindy . Cindy swipe he hand away with more force than necessary . cindy ( cont 'd ) okay sweetheart , you daddy want to talk to you . I love you ... love you ... do not forget to brush you tooth tonight okay . okay ? here 's you dad . Cindy set down the receiver and walk away . Dean snack on tortilla chip and pick up the phone . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 33. 64 continued : 64 dean ( disguise voice ) who 's this ? ... how do you know I be you father ? a faint scream of joy be hear through the phone . int . romantasuite - bathroom - night - present day 65 65 steam accumulate on mirror . Cindy take she clothes off , test the temperature of the water and step in the shower . int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 66 66 Dean pace , improvise a bedtime story . it come from the well of creativity in he . frankie love to hear he talk . and he love to make she happy . he finish . she be happy . dean be you ready to go to sleep now ? I will call you first thing in the morning , ok ? he walk into the live room , stretch the phone cord , grab the remote and turn on the television - animal doc . Dean turn the channel . tennis . dean ( cont 'd ) how much ? click . the news . dean ( cont 'd ) ... well , I love you more . sleep tight . Dean hang up and return to the live room . he change the station . a porno . he turn the volume down and watch . he hear water run in the bathroom . click . a show on space . int . romantasuite - bathroom - night - present day 67 67 Dean crack open the door to the steam - fill room . Cindy lather she hair with she eye close . dean what be you do ? cindy what do it look like I be do ? dean do you like the place ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 34 . 67 continued : 67 cindy it 's fine . dean I be gonna go order dinner now . cindy Fine ! dean any special request ? cindy Close the door ! Dean close the door , remain in the bathroom , watch he naked wife , remove he clothes . Cindy do a double take . cindy ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Dean pull back the shower curtain and step in . dean what do it look like I be do ? cindy Dean . the small shower press they close . Dean 's smile infect she . he lean over , they kiss . brush lip at first . Dean press closer . Cindy pull back and pivot he around until the stream of water catch he body . he lean he head back , the water pour over he hair and face . he place he hand on Cindy 's hip and pull she close to he . Cindy hand he a bar of soap . he build a gentle lather . Cindy inch back , turn around . Dean lather she back , slow and languid . dean I remember the first time I see you back . cindy what do you remember ? dean everything . he lower he hand from she back to she behind . Cindy turn . dean ( cont 'd ) I be not do . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 35 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 he wash she shoulder and neck . his hand sculpt she body and move to she breast . no longer wash she , but molding she . Cindy look up . his hand move to she belly . he kneel down . Cindy reach down and lift he up by the arm . but Dean remain where he be . he begin , on he knee , to wash the entire surface of she leave thigh , knee , calf , foot . then he move to she right foot and up she calf , knee and thigh . Cindy release she breath . then , Dean 's hand move up between she leg . cindy okay . Cindy grab under he armpit . he refuse , but she win . she pivot they around again . stand in the stream of water , Cindy wash the soap off she body , eye close , head back . Dean reach for she and follow with he fingertip the flow of water down the front of she body . cindy ( cont 'd ) give I the soap . she form a quick lather in she hand . she rub it into he chest , she strong hand make circle of sud . Dean be a tranquil participant . she lift up he leave arm , scrub he armpit , then he right . her hand build a lather and wash he penis . Dean catch he breath . cindy ( cont 'd ) turn around . Dean obey . she continue wash he back , buttock and leg and stop . Dean turn around to Cindy who hold a squirt of shampoo in she hand . she reach up and scour he head . dean get thin , be not it ? cindy you hair be not fall out . Cindy pivot he around into the water and rinse he . cindy ( cont 'd ) you be crazy you know ... dean I know . I love you . she peck he on the lip . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 36 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 cindy okay , get out . I have to finish wash myself . dean I will do it . cindy no . go order dinner . I be hungry . dean wait , I do not wash you hair ... int . romantasuite hallway - night - present day 68 68 Ice dump into a ice bucket . Music and laughter emanate from other room . Dean wear a hotel robe and carry a full bucket of ice . he swipe he key . a teenage boy in a tuxedo shirt and swim trunk chase a girl in a bikini down the hallway behind he . int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 69 69 dean we have neighbor . Cindy stand in a towel at the bar , wait for the ice . cindy grump . grump . she make 2 drink - vodka on the rock . she hand Dean he drink . cindy ( cont 'd ) why do not you put some music on Dean ? she peck he on the cheek , walk to the bedroom to change . dean thanks . he take a big drink , sift through cassettes in he bag . in the bedroom , Cindy button up one of Dean 's big flannel shirt . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 37 . 69 continued : 69 she hear the music begin from the other room , know the song - ( penny &amp ; the quarter or dynamite four ) it sound really good right now . drink in hand , she begin to sway to the rhythm . Dean peek he head around the corner with a shit - eat grin . he start to awkwardly dance to the music and make he way down the hallway to the bedroom . it 's be year since they dance in front of each other , and it make they a little embarrassed to be do it now . the closer they get to each other , the less they can be see , the less they be expose . soon , they be slow dance , still hold drink . they do not feel as vulnerable now . the cotton on Dean 's robe feel good to Cindy 's fingertip , she trace invisible picture on he back . Dean burrow he nose into Cindy 's neck , inhale deeply . there be a knock at the door . they both wish it would go away . it do not . dean ( yell ) ( cont would ) come ! something about this make Cindy laugh , Dean too . he back away from she , slowly , as if pull by some unseen force . the song continue as Dean open the door and pay the room service man . Cindy set the table . int / ext . truck - CITY - 6 year earlier 70 70 a tear and tatter teddy bear , tie to the grill of the truck , cut through the early spring morning . curtis ( v.o. ) yeah . I can tell what 's happen already . you see this person ... you think it 's love at first sight , and the course of you life will be forever change . ext . home # 2 . STREET - day - 6 year earlier 71 71 Dean strap a weight - lift belt around he waist . he lift a tv on he back . dean ( v.o. ) maybe ... int . heller home - bathroom - night - 6 year earlier 72 72 Cindy give gramma a bath , run she hair under the faucet . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 38 . 72 continued : 72 curtis ( v.o. ) it 's like when two stream be flowin ' down opposite side of the mountain , mindin ' they business . int . heller home - guest bedroom - night - 6 year earlier 73 73 a hand tuck sheet under gramma 's chin , kiss she forehead . curtis ( v.o. ) they be doin ' fine until they hit the bottom and run into one another ... ext . college campus - gymnasium - 6 year earlier 74 74 Bobby train , 200 sit up , he abdomen teach . curtis ( v.o. ) at that point they get no choice but to become one river . ext . STREET - late afternoon - 6 year earlier 75 75 Dean count he pay , open he wallet - pack it with bill . curtis ( v.o. ) sure , it 's a great feel at first , all this new water flow together . but then you travel down a little way and the land level out . the current start move a little slower . int . auditorium classroom - day - 6 year earlier 76 76 paper be pass back . Cindy 's read " 98 % great insight ! " she do not look happy though . she look a little green . curtis ( v.o. cont 'd ) people start drink the water . pissin ' in it . put up dam to stop the flow . in the corner of the room , Bobby stare at Cindy from behind . ext . heller home - late afternoon - 6 year earlier 77 77 Cindy push gramma Francis up the driveway . Bobby stand on the porch hold a bunch of red rose . Cindy ignore it . curtis ( v.o. cont ) in other word , life interfere , you know . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 38a . 77 continued : 77 Cindy struggle to get gramma up the ramp of the porch . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 39 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 bobby have not anyone ever be nice to you ? she take the flower , push gramma into the house . the screen door close between they . bobby ( cont 'd ) do not make I give up on you ... curtis ( v.o . ) and there 's not too many of this river that will make it all the way to the ocean without split off eventually . int / ext . truck - afternoon - 6 year earlier 78 78 curtis ( v.o. ) it 's just nature , that 's all . curtis - with harmonica - and Dean - with ukulele - eat hamburger on they lunchbreak . curtis ( cont 'd ) and instead of think about it you gotta just do something about it . action , not think . int . storage facility - morning . 6 year earlier . a79 a79 dean anyone call for I ? Dean peek into jo 's office . she shake she head " no . " int . dean's friend apartment . night . 6 year earlier 79 79 Dean lean near the window , smoking , look out at the moon . dean ( v.o. ) I just keep replaying it in my head . think about other thing I coulda do . other thing I coulda say . int . heller home - cindy bedroom - night - 6 year earlier 80 80 Cindy pour over textbooks but she be distract . she open she window and breathes in the night air . dean ( v.o. ) you wait you whole life for something to happen ... Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 39a . int . college - bathroom - day - 6 year earlier 81 81 Cindy puke in the toilet . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 40 . 81 continued : 81 dean ( v.o. ) ... and you have all this idea in you head about how you will act and what you ' will say and what you will do , who you will be ... she wash the taste out of she mouth and look at herself in the mirror . she flick water at she reflection . int . moving truck - day - 6 year earlier 82 82 Dean sweep the bed of the truck . the broom catch something in the corner . Dean reach - a locket . dean ( v.o. ) cont would ... and then the opportunity come , it present itself to you , live and breathe in the flesh , and you puss out . int . moving truck - day - 6 year earlier 83 83 Dean hold up the locket and stare at it , twirling . he open the latch - see a picture of the old man and he wife - 60 year ago . Dean put it in he pocket , finish sweeping up . int / ext . train / train station . afternoon . 6 year earlier 84 84 still wear he work clothes , Dean ride the train out of the city , pull out the locket . read the inscription on the back - " you be my sunshine . " Dean get off the train . ask some people for direction . int . bus - day . 6 year earlier . 85 85 a feel of anticipation . Dean pull the lever - he stop . int . retirement home . late afternoon . 6 year earlier . 86 86 Dean walk to the old man 's room . the door be open , light be off , room be empty . all the furniture , picture , go - just a empty bed . Dean be at a loss for what to do . he hear the tv come from across the hall . he knock , wait , then open Cindy 's gramma 's door . she be lie in bed . tries to recognize Dean . he pull up a chair next to she . dean hi . I be look for you neighbor ... the man who move in last month . across the hall . do you know what happen to he ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 41 . 86 continued : 86 gramma he go out for grocery . dean what about the girl that be with you ? gramma who ? the conversation move in circle . not much information be gain . Dean end up just hold she hand . int / ext . bus - late afternoon 87 87 the bus drive away . Inside , Dean stand . he be a little down . he feel around in he pocket . find the locket . he put it on . the bus come to a stop . a few passenger get on . one of they be Cindy . Dean watch she pay she fare and move to the back of the bus without notice he . she find a seat , pull she hoodie low , anonymous . she underline passage from a textbook use a highlighter . Dean be freeze . he gather the courage to walk toward she . the move bus throw he balance . he stand over she for a moment . Cindy sense somebody in she space . she look up . recognize he , but can not place it . dean hi. cindy hi. dean I just have a long talk with you gramma ... be that , be that you gramma ? Cindy remember he now - he 's just dress nicer - he do not look like a mover dean ( cont 'd ) I be look for that old guy who move across the hall , you know ? do you know what happen to he ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 42. 87 continued : 87 cindy I think he pass away . Dean feel for the locket around he neck . he shake he head . dean that 's exactly what happen to my dog . my parent move out of we house and three day later she be a goner . he pull the locket out from behind he shirt . he unclasp it . show she the picture . dean ( cont 'd ) he be so handsome , be not he ? I be try to give it back to he . Cindy look at it . cindy she be pretty too .. Dean think about the old man . the bus drive . dean she must have be crazy . cindy why do you say that ? dean Cause there 's one thing I know ... the prettier a girl be the more nut she be . I mean , look at you ... you must be insane . cindy Excuse I ? dean it 's okay , I mean , I get it . it 's not you fault . Cindy pull the chain to stop the bus . dean ( cont 'd ) where you go ? cindy Home . the bus slow . she get up to leave . Doors open . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 42a . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 dean can I walk with you ? Cindy think about it . dean ( cont 'd ) just for a little bit ... and when you do not want to walk with I no more , then just speed up . Doors to the bus open . Cindy think about it . ext . town street - dusk to dawn 88 88 Dean and Cindy wander side by side down the sidewalk and street of the town . they walk and talk about - small town and big city , school and work , dream and nightmare , be old and be young , etc . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 43. 88 continued : 88 dean where 's you house ? cindy we pass it . dean where ? cindy back there ... Dean look back . he see a bunch of house that all look the same . they keep walk . ellipse : Cindy smoke one of Dean 's cigarettes , call she dad a89 a89 on a pay phone and tell he she will not be home for dinner because she be study . ellipse . dean tell Cindy about he childhood , the b89 b89 sexualize of he mother , and he fascination with woman 's purse . it make Cindy a little uncomfortable . dean do you think it would be okay if I look in you purse ? cindy no . dean why ? Cindy think about it for a moment . against she better judgement , she hand over she bag . it weigh a lot . dean ( cont 'd ) jeez ... what you get in here ? cindy book . mostly . dean lot of book . you do good ? cindy we will see . dean what be you gonna be when you grow up ? cindy I be try to get into mo school . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 44 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 dean you go to be a doctor ? cindy someday . dean oh yeah ? what should I do about this ? he pretend to bump into a pole . Cindy laugh . cindy do not do it . dean ( rub he head ) you be gonna be a good doctor . I can tell . he dig through text book , pen , a wallet , asthma inhaler . then he come to a bottle of lotion . open the cap , sniff . dean ( cont 'd ) mmm . this be what you smell like ? Cindy nod , " I guess so . " dean ( cont 'd ) I wanna smell like you . can I ? cindy you wanna put on my lotion ? Dean nod , apply a little lotion to he fingertip , rub it in circle on he hand , apply it to he forearm , neck , face . he enjoy the feel of it , offer she some . she say 's no . he dig through she purse and find lip balm , smell it . dean this be what you lip smell like ? they must smell good . he put some on he lip . dean ( cont 'd ) mmm . you lip must taste good . cindy be you fuck with I ? dean no . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 45 . dean find a little bag inside the purse . she snatch it . 89 89 dean what 's in there ? she take she purse back . cindy okay enough ... dean why ? cindy because . throughout the rest of the night Dean try to continually steal Cindy 's purse from she . it be a game . innocent . ellipse . dean tries to give cindy the locket . she refuse . 90 90 cindy be not you gonna miss you train ? dean probably . I think I ... I think I already do . it 's okay . there 's a early one . cindy you be just gonna stay up all night ? dean until you get tired ... ellipse : more walk and talk . 91 91 dean where would you grow up ? cindy here . dean here ? Cindy give he a grimace . cindy same street . same people . everything here be the same . you walk down the street , you can not get lose ... you know . . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 46 . 91 continued : 91 dean where do you want to go ? I mean , if you could go anywhere .. they walk to a old playground . Cindy get a idea . cindy there ! Cindy run to a old , creaky merry - go round , jump on . cindy ( cont 'd ) I use to love this thing . dean oh God ... I hate this thing . cindy push I . Dean be tentative , but go along with she . he start slow , but she egg he to go faster . he run in circle pick up speed until he be in a breathless , circular sprint . he can not keep up with the centrifugal force . cindy ( cont 'd ) get on ! Dean do as he 's tell . they both hold on for dear life . the world spin in a frenzy . the dread on Dean 's face build to insane laughter . it be super fun . Cindy scream . her hair snap in she face . then , a look of sickness steal she smile away . she want it to stop , which , slowly , it do . she get off first , try to walk , but be too dizzy . she just keep fall to the ground . Dean crawl off the merry - go round on all four , laugh . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 47 . 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 dean what happen , tough guy ? cindy make it stop . dean you gotta puke ... it 's the only way . she refuse . dean ( cont 'd ) it 's the only way . it will make you feel better . do not be embarrassed . I will do it . he stick he finger down he throat and force himself to vomit . the sound of it be too much for she . she gag . side by side , they puke into the gravel . they finish they business and end up on they back and out of breath , side by side , look up at the star . they be both cover in sweat . we see they breath . cindy I be still spin . dean I too . cindy maybe it 's just the Earth that 's spin . dean yeah . we be fly . they laugh . bird begin to awaken and fly . dean ( cont 'd ) you should come visit I in the city sometime . the morning air chill they body . Dean take off he jacket and use it as a blanket . they get close together to get warm and watch the star spin above they . int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 92 92 the dining room table be set for two . a single champagne glass be raise . dean to honesty ... ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 48. 92 continued : 92 they sit across from each other . Cindy drink premature . dean ( cont 'd ) hey ! wait up . cindy we be toast tonight ? Dean make he toast . clink . Dean quaff he glass . cindy ( cont 'd ) sometimes you do not make any sense . you might as well be speak chinese . Dean imitate a chinese man - it go on too long . cindy ( cont 'd ) happy belate anniversary . Cindy start to eat a spread of indian food and booze . dean how be it ? cindy good. how do frankie sound ? dean great . she 's the best . cindy she do not sound sad ? dean naw . she 's the champ . she 's the best part of you and the best part of I put together . everyday she get more and more amazing . Dean chew a bite of meat and wash it down with a shot of vodka . he refill both they glass . cindy daddy 's little girl . dean she 's not mine . I be hers . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 49 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 Cindy slow down . dean ( cont 'd ) I be she father . she be not there for I ... I be there for she . that 's the way I look at it . cindy that 's beautiful . dean it 's the choice I make when she be bear . silence . they chew . Cindy stare through Dean . cindy why do not you do something ... dean like what ? cindy I do not know ... be not there anything you want to do ? Dean think about it . shake he head . dean what be I suppose to want to do ? cindy I do not know ... you have so many thing you could do . you be good at everything . you could do anything you want . dean I just wanna be with you . silence . Cindy try not to look disappointed . dean ( cont 'd ) you look like a animal right now . you eye look like a animal . like a bear 's eye . cindy like right before the bear eat the man ? dean yeah ... you do . it 's true . that 's what you look like . Dean be amused but fearful . Cindy 's confidence surge . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 50 . 92 continued : ( 3 ) 92 dean ( cont 'd ) whatchu think about ? cindy how different we be . you and I . dean different ? cindy it 's a good thing . dean you think that 's good that we be different ? cindy absolutely . we do not have to get in each other 's way . dean and that 's the way you like it , do not you ? you do not like I to bother you . cindy I do not say that . what I mean be that it 's important for we to have we space . that 's all . we be grow people . dean well there 's not much space here . so I guess you will not be able to get away from I will ya ? cindy you know , we rarely sit down and have a conversation . a adult conversation . because every time we do , you turn something that I say around and make it mean something that I do not mean to say . you just blab . blab . dean if you be not interested in hearing what I think I just will not say anything . cindy good luck . I just want you to think about what you say sometimes instead of say what you think all the time . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 51 . 92 continued : ( 4 ) 92 dean ok . I be go to say something . and what I be about to say I have think long and hard about . I be the luckiest person alive because I be live my dream - you , she , this , we , all of it . Cindy lift up she empty wine glass to the light . cindy I think my glass have a hole in it . Cindy cut around she food and push a piece aside . dean what 's wrong with that ? cindy it 's fat . dean that 's the flavor . eat it . cindy I do not want to . you eat it . Dean stab a piece of fat and pop it into he mouth . cindy ( cont 'd ) that 's go straight to you tit . dean my tit ? I get tit ? Dean open he shirt and peer down at he chest . dean ( cont 'd ) I could still kick yer ass . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 52 . 92 continued : ( 5 ) 92 cindy shiiit . I bet you a nickel you can not even beat I at arm wrestle . dean a dime and you be on . Cindy gulp more champagne . they scoot dish out of the way and clasp hand in the middle of the table . cindy ready ? dean I be always ready , baby . cindy on the count of three ... one ... two ... Cindy flexe and start . cindy ( cont 'd ) three ! Dean , act as if he be not try at all , hold Cindy 's hand at a stand still . dean come on . go! start . Cindy ignore he taunt and push as hard as she can . slowly , she begin to push Dean 's hand down . Dean groan , let she win a little . Cindy press down with all she weight . his hand be centimeter from hit the table . then , he turn the tide . Cindy battle back with all the strength she can muster . Dean laugh , realize she passion for victory . Dean pound she hand into the table . he stand kiss he flex bicep . Cindy lift she hand . a fork be stick in the back of it . she look at it with curiosity . dean ( cont 'd ) oh fuck . cindy I be alright . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 53. 92 continued : ( 6 ) 92 dean hold still . he pluck the fork from she hand , leave four vampire bite . cindy ow ow ow . Dean lead she to the kitchen , hold she hand under the faucet . dean you think we should rush you to the hospital before you bleed to death ? Cindy shoot he a look . Dean wrap she hand with a dishrag . dean ( cont 'd ) do it hurt ? cindy it sting a little . Dean try to pick up Cindy . she struggle against it . finally he cradle she like a squirming baby . cindy ( cont 'd ) no , no ... put I down . it 's okay ... Dean huff a little . Cindy adjust she weight , self - conscious . he heft she down the hallway to the bedroom . int . romantasuite - moon room - night - present day 93 93 Dean awkwardly set Cindy down on the circular spaceship bed . dean wait wait wait . he flick the switch and the bed start spin . he run out of the room . Cindy watch the room around she spin . Dean return with the vodka bottle and two shot glass . he kneel above she and pour they two shot . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 54 . 93 continued : 93 dean ( cont 'd ) to numb the pain . doctor order . I be a anesthesiologist . cindy I be spin . she sit up . they toast . Dean gulp he . Cindy take a sip . dean drink up . we have not get load together in year . he top off she glass , refill he own , and quaff it . dean ( cont 'd ) I gotta take a piss . do not fall asleep . he kiss she on the forehead , stumble . Cindy hear Dean urinate . she be sicken by it . she try to set she full glass on the floor that spin beneath she . the toilet flush . the drink tip over . a loud crash come from the bathroom . Cindy sit up . cindy what be you do in there ? ... Dean ?! a agonizing moan come from down the hall . Cindy stagger off the spin bed and stumble to the bathroom door . cindy ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? Dean ... she push the door but it be block . Dean moan louder . Cindy push again and inch it open . she stick she head in , see he lay on he back look up at the ceiling . dean ( slur ) I fall over . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 55 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 cindy ew. come on , get up . dean nope , I want you to come here first . I want you to laugh . Cindy open the door and Dean scoot , make room for she . he let out a " ow " before extend he hand . dean ( cont 'd ) come close . I want to hear you ... I want to tell you ... shh , come here ... Cindy reluctantly join he on the bathroom floor . they face be close , eye lock . dean ( cont 'd ) you want to hear a joke ? ok . what 's better than win a gold medal at the special Olympic ? cindy what ? dean not be retarded . Cindy look down . dean ( cont 'd ) hey ... that 's not funny ? how come you do not think I be funny any more ? I tell you something funny . you laugh . I see you laugh . but you do not really laugh so much . you do not laugh anymore Cindy . cindy Dean ... come on , it 's time for bed . dean no I want to make you laugh . tear well up in she eye . Dean roll on top of she . he cup she face in he hand and stare long into she watery eye . dean ( cont 'd ) hello ... cindy you be drunk . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 56 . 93 continued : ( 3 ) 93 dean no , I be just still in love with you . after a moment , they lip meet in a awkward rejuvenation . she move she head away and pat Dean on the shoulder in a gesture of friendship . Dean kiss she neck . dean ( cont 'd ) do you ... you want to have another baby ? ... I want another child . Cindy bite she lip . he slide he hand between she leg . cindy no ... Dean ... wait a second . she remove he hand and place it on she hip . Dean continue to kiss she neck . he slide he hand up to she breast . Cindy turn she head in the other direction . she push he hand away . he bring it back aggressive . again . Cindy squirm underneath he . he grab she wrist and hold she arm over she head . his tongue lick Cindy from she breast to she face . she worm she arm away and grab onto he hair . she arch she back , look at he through slit eye . his pelvis pulse and he moan . he look up at she over he brow into she desperate eye . he spring up . sweat bead on he forehead . dean what !? I can not have sex with my wife !? Cindy cover she face with she hand . dean ( cont 'd ) do I repulse you that much ? I be good to you . I be good to frankie . I deserve a little affection . do you want I to stop loving you ? do you want I to fuck other woman ? do you want I to beat you ? cindy stop ... stop ... stop ... dean be that what you think you deserve ? would that make it easier on you so you can treat I like this ? Cindy raise she hip and slip off she panty . she lift the shirt up over she head , position she foot on the door jam . her arm fall over she eye . breathless , Dean awkwardly move one hand up and down she bodice . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 57 . 93 continued : ( 4 ) 93 he unbuckle he belt , push he pants and underwear down to he knee , hold himself in he hand . he lower onto she . Cindy adjust she leg higher . he rotate he hip , look away in concentration . Cindy 's arm move around he , grab the small of he arching back . his pelvis hump in a feeble performance . a small moan . Cindy 's eye press close harder . the erratic motion slow ... stop . Dean 's raspy breathe . his weight cover Cindy . she open she eye to the ceiling . dean ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... she look at he . his head face away . she roll out from underneath and stand . she wrap she dress around she and slip into the bedroom . int . romantasuite - night - continuous 94 94 back against the close door , Cindy turn the lock . her eye shift from despair to relief . her gaze grow more wild . the doorknob jiggle . a secret , crazy laugh build in Cindy that she suppress . Dean press he face into the bedroom door . he talk to she . on the other side of the door , Cindy listen . Dean 's voice crack . a wave of confusion back Cindy away from the door . she search the room for a escape . there be no window , the only way out be through the lock door . tremble , she wrap she arm around herself . she try to make herself as small as possible . the spaceship bed be the only place where she can disappear . she crawl underneath the cover , curl into a tight ball . sadness let loose . Cindy 's body pulse with faint , painful tear . the black wall of the room twinkle with star suspend in space . the cry get lose . ext . CITY . night . 6 year earlier . 95 95 drunk , Dean and Cindy make out on the street corner . it be cold enough to see they breath . they hand caress each other , feel what be underneath the layer of clothes . Cindy make a move . she unbutton Dean 's pea - coat , feel the shape of he chest , he abdomen , he back . cindy be my hand cold ? dean yes . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 58 . 95 continued : 95 Dean follow suit , reach up under she jacket to touch the skin on she lower back . she recoil from the icy touch . cindy you wanna go somewhere . dean sure . cindy where can we go ? int . taxi . night . 96 96 they make out in the back of a cab . but the cab driver will not allow it . but they can not keep they hand off each other . they try not to get catch . int . dean's friend apartment . 5 am . early light 97 97 the door to Jake 's room be crack open and the tv be on . Dean and Cindy tiptoe in the apartment as quietly as they can . they can not keep they hand off each other . Dean make a bed for they on the couch where he sleep - straighten out a couple white sheet . they crawl under with clothes on . cindy ( whisper ) be you roommate awake ? dean ( whisper ) I do not know . let I go check . Dean tiptoe over to Jake 's room . peek in he door . returns to the couch where Cindy be take off she jacket . he crawl back under the sheet . dean ( whisper ) ( cont would ) he 's just watch tv . they start to make out while listen for Jake . cindy ( whisper ) do you think he 's gonna come out ? dean ( whisper ) I do not know ... should I go see if he brush he tooth ? she nod . he throw off the sheet and go into the bathroom , touch the bristle of Jake 's tooth brush . Cindy take off she sock and wait for Dean to return . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 59 . 97 continued : 97 dean ( whisper ) ( cont would ) it 's still dry . he get back on the couch . they kiss . slowly . silently . they hand search each other under the blanket . clothing be remove and there be alot of movement , but the detail of what occur under that single sheet remain largely a mystery . Jake 's bedroom door open and Jake walk out into the live room and into the kitchen . Dean and Cindy pantomime sleep . they listen and hear Jake open the refrigerator , pour himself a bowl of cereal , crunching . they feel like he 's watch they . Cindy try she hardest not to laugh . Jake stare at the tremble sheet with contempt before return to he room . Cindy release she laugh . Dean try to shush she , but he can not help laugh himself . dean ( cont 'd ) be quiet ! seriously . he 's gonna kill I . he already hate I . cindy you think he 's gonna go to sleep now ? they hear Jake change channel in the other room . as quietly as possible , they have sex under the sheet . int . college campus - bathroom - day - 6 year earlier 98 98 a red plus sign bleed onto the result area of a home pregnancy test . Cindy sit on a toilet in a stall hold the positive test stick . a knock on the bathroom door . cindy just a second ... she wrap the test in toilet paper and bury it in the trash receptacle . a moment while the door swing close . silence . Cindy open the stall and confront herself in the mirror . int . auditorium classroom - day - 6 year earlier 99 99 Cindy write a note to Dean , he business card sit next to a envelope . the note read : I do not know if I can trust you . can I trust you ? I be in trouble . Bobby place a test paper in front of Cindy . her grade , " D . " she cover up she note . he lean in and swipe the business card . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 59a . 99 continued : 99 cindy give it back ! Bobby crush the card in he fist . she try to pry it open . she can not . she 's not gonna get it back . ext . storage facility - parking lot - day - 6 year earlier 100 100 Dean and he buddy , file out of the garage , he notice Cindy across the street , he look both way , cross the street toward she . the closer he get to she , the more nervous she get . dean be you okay ? Cindy nod . curtis ( o.s. ) see you later , elvis ! Dean turn around and see he work buddy busting he for be a Romeo . he wave goodbye to they , turn back to Cindy , embarrassed but happy . she smile , conceal something . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 60 . ext . bridge - day - 6 year earlier 101 101 Dean and Cindy stand a distance away . Cars beneath they roar . dean be it mine ? Cindy look Dean in the eye . cindy I ... I do not know ... it might be ... dean you let that asshole knock you up ? cindy ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... dean when would this happen ? cindy before we . dean what do you want to do ? cindy I do not know . dean ( after a pause ) we will keep it . we will take care of it . Cindy nod . silence . cindy it 's not the right time . Dean look down , pause and look back to Cindy . dean do you want to take care of it ? int . abortion clinic - day - 6 year earlier 102 102 a female doctor sit on a wheeled chair in the corner of the room and look through Cindy 's file . doctor you can put you clothes on the chair . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 61 . 102 continued : 102 Cindy do . doctor ( cont 'd ) how be you do ? cindy okay ... the doctor wheel over to the table in the center of the room . she pull out a clean sheet of examination table paper . doctor I be go to have you lie up here , and put you foot in the stirrup . Cindy get on the table , look over at a tray of instrument . the Doctor pull a mask up over she face - the vacuum aspirator on a wheeled base . Cindy focus she gaze at the corrugate ceiling , dim light . doctor ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? cindy yeah . the Doctor touch Cindy 's knee to spread she leg , pick up a instrument off the table . doctor I want you to try and relax . this be go to be a little cold . the Doctor insert a speculum into Cindy 's vagina . doctor ( cont 'd ) there , take a deep breath ... what do you do ? cindy I be a student ... doctor what be you study ? the Doctor dip a long swab into a solution , insert it into she vagina . cindy I be study to be a doctor ... doctor that 's what I study . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 62 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 she laugh . Cindy do not know what to do with she eye . the Doctor pick up a syringe . cindy what 's that ? doctor this be a mild anesthetic for you cervix . you be go to feel a pinch and then it 's go to feel like electricity . Cindy look back up at the ceiling . she steady 's she breath . doctor ( cont 'd ) can you cough for I . Cindy cough . doctor ( cont 'd ) good ... why do you want to be a Doctor ? wheel move across the linoleum floor . the Doctor position the vacuum aspirator . cindy because ... I always think ... it would be wonderful to take a sick child and ... Cindy cut herself off . the Doctor hold a hose . doctor and what ? cindy ...heal they ... doctor Cindy , I be go to begin the procedure . it will not take long . you may feel a little cramping . the Doctor turn on the vacuum . panic flush Cindy 's face . her eye widen . cindy wait ... wait . int . abortion clinic - waiting room - day - 6 year earlier 103 103 a plastic model of a womb and fetus on the magazine - laden coffee table . ashtray overflow . Dean , wear he work clothes , sit among several would - be father . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 63. 103 continued : 103 he snuff he cigarette and study the fetus in the plastic uterus . troy , Bobby 's wrestler friend , sit nearby . the wait room door open , Cindy come out . Dean put the model back and stand up . they stare at each other . Dean nod slightly . Cindy shake she head " no . " a flush of realization across Dean 's face , then a smile . he go to she and wrap he arm around she . troy ( o.s. ) Cindy ? Cindy look over Dean 's shoulder to Troy , who gaze at she over a magazine . Dean look back and forth between they . Cindy look ahead and walk out with Dean . int . bus - night - 6 year earlier 104 104 darkness pass . Cindy lie against Dean in the back of the bright bus . her head rest on he chest , arm hold he encircle arm . she be wear the locket around she neck . Dean caress Cindy 's earlobe . her eye be close . dean you be not in this alone . this baby be ours . it 's we . let 's start a family . cindy you eye ever wide open , and you be dream ? Cindy breathes deep &amp ; settles into he . Dean hum a lullaby . cindy ( cont 'd ) you smell like you . int . romantasuite - bedroom - early morning - present day 105 105 darkness disturb by beep . Cindy awaken , dishevel from the night before . she lift she cell phone off the bedside table and squint to make out the text . cindy shit . she drop it and roll over . the digital clock read 4:52 ... moment later ... she be on the phone . cindy ( on phone ) ( cont would ) hi it 's Cindy ... I have this weekend off . Cindy unwrap the bandage on she hand . she press the four vampire bite to she lip . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 64 . 105 continued : 105 cindy ( cont would on phone ) ( cont 'd ) ... who do not show ?... meredith again ? how long can she keep do this ?... do you try Janet ?... she 's you first call .... I be out of town too ... yes I know , I know all of it . yes ... it 's go to take I a few hour . she hang up , ease the door open . Dean be pass out in the middle of the hallway . she try to wake he , but he 's hibernate . she step over he fall body . int . romantasuite - various - present day 106 106 - Cindy wash she face in the shower . she look at the vampire hole on the back of she hand . - she hair in a towel , Cindy flick on the coffee maker . she eat a banana . - she throw on jeans and a sweater . - inhale from a inhaler for she asthma . - hold she eye open and drop eye-drop . - vigorously brushes she tooth . - drink coffee and write a note on fantasuite stationery . - wash the mug in the kitchen sink . - tape the note to the television screen . - she stand over dean . cindy Goodbye . no response . she close the door behind she . int . romantasuite - later - present day 107 107 the phone ring . Dean 's eye struggle open , drunk . he listen annoyed to the ring . after the eighth ring , he holler . dean Cynthia ! no response . he struggle up and stumble to the phone . dean ( cont 'd ) hello ? a prerecord message . message good morning . this be you ... 11:30 a.m ... wake up call . dean ok . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 65 . 107 continued : 107 he hang up the phone and look around the room . dean ( confuse ) ( cont would ) Cynthia ? he wander to the bedroom , the door be open . Cindy 's bag sit next to a make bed . he call out for she again . - he walk into the bathroom and urinate , find only a damp towel hang over the shower door . he touch the bristle of Cindy 's toothbrush , flick up a spray of water . - he walk to the kitchen and light a cigarette . he cough a little as he pour himself a cup of coffee . Zap it in the microwave . ext . romantasuite - parking lot - continuous - present day 108 108 a plane cut through the sky . Dean stand in front of a empty parking space . he stare at where she car should be . a Chrysler aspen be park with its back open . karina and billy , two high school kid , toss in luggage . int . romantasuite lobby - continuous - present day 109 109 Dean lean on the concierge desk . dean be she with a guy ? concierge like I say , I could not say . I just get here , so maybe she leave before I come in . he type on the computer . concierge ( cont 'd ) and , she do not check out . you be still book until ... Monday morning . 11 be . be there anything else I can help you with sir ? int . romantasuite - hallway / moon room - continuous - present 110 110 Dean put he key in the door to he room . across the hallway , billy call into a room . billy ( o.s. ) hurry up Randy ! Dean walk in to he room , sit down , heavy . his stare be out of focus . he turn on the tv . volume come up loud . the tv illuminate the note leave by Cindy . Dean stare at it for a moment . he pluck the note from the screen and read it . " Dean - I get call in . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 66 . 110 continued : 110 I be go to wake you but I know you would not understand . I will be back this afternoon to get you . we have to talk . I be sorry ...- C " Dean eye search for something . he see the vodka bottle and take a drink . pace , he let out a few angry weep and reach in he front shirt pocket for a cigarette . he 's out . in the ashtray , he grab a snuffed out butt . he search for a lighter . he light he cigarette on the stove . he hear the kid in the hallway . he open the door and Randy , a hungover high school kid , and amanda , large - chest , short , walk down the hallway , arm and arm . they slow when see a frighteningly dishevel Dean , vodka in hand , cigarette in mouth , frame in the door jam . int . billy car - day - present day 111 111 Dean ride in the back seat of a Jeep Cherokee wedge in between amanda and Randy . billy and karina sit in the front seat . amanda offer Dean a glass pipe . amanda you want some of this ? Dean accept the pipe and take a monster toke , hold it in until he face turn purple . ext . neighborhood - early morning - 6 year earlier 112 112 spring sky .. tree blossom . Cindy walk alone down the street from the train station . int . heller home - early morning - 6 year earlier 113 113 the front door squeak open , Cindy slip in . glenda be pass out on the couch . she tiptoe up the creak staircase . a shower run . she head down the hallway to she room . int . - cindy room - early morning - 6 year earlier 114 114 Cindy open the door to she bedroom , fall on she bed and be about to close she eye but be distract by the blink light of the answer machine . Cindy press play . answering machine voice you have twenty five new message . beep Cindy sit up . Bobby voice be hear - drunk . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 67 . 114 continued : 114 bobby ( on answer machine ) I just want to say to you thanks for make all bet off and freeing I of my human decency . all you shit 's go in the trash , you book be gonna be rip up . we will go to war see who will win . I know who the fucker be and I be gonna destroy he . beep you probably do not know what you do . I want it all to come out . it will be beautiful , it will be sweet , it will be awesome . beep glenda 's bloodshot eyeball appear in the doorway . Bobby ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) beep well , what I be really try to say before you machine cut I off be you create I , I be you child ... you create the person that I be now , and now you have to deal with this person . a SOUND - Cindy turn around see she mom in the doorway . int . troy's car - day - 6 year earlier 115 115 the car drive down a highway toward the city . tony power down beer in the back . underwear hang from the rearview . bobby ( v.o. ) ... and I get nothing better to do than destroy you both . beep if you think I be be evil , you have no idea , no idea at all ... I be grow very impatient and I really do not give a fuck anymore ... Bobby shotgun a beer in the passenger 's seat . speed metal music and adrenaline . the car blast down the street to the storage facility . the three bound out of the car , fist clench , gear up for ultraviolence . int . storage facility - continuous - 6 year earlier 116 116 they storm the reception . the office be empty - jo be on she lunch break . Troy try the door lead to the garage , it be lock . so he squeeze through the receptionist window , feel underneath the desk for the door release button . tony yank on the door . the door buzze open and the gang , Bobby in the lead , rush into the cacophonous garage . int . heller home - morning . 6 year earlier 117 117 Cindy press the telephone to she ear - wait ... Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 68 . int . garage - continuous 118 118 Dean be all alone in the garage , load up a truck with ream of cardboard box for a big job tomorrow . Bobby and gang search through a maze of yellow truck . bobby hey faggot ! Dean continue he work . bobby ( cont 'd ) be you name Dean ? dean who 's askin' ? Bobby rush he , throw a shoulder into he stomach . they both flail to the floor . the two lock . everything be quick . Bobby send a flurry of punch to Dean 's rib and gut . Dean pummel the back of Bobby 's head with blind overhead rights . it become clear that Bobby have the upper hand . he hold Dean 's bloody head in some kind of jiujitsu headlock . bobby think I be dumb ? think I be that dumb ? Dean struggle to breathe but manage to say ... dean I think you be a fuck idiot . Bobby hit he again , harder . harder . bobby Fucking faggot ! - Troy and tony watch the door and egg Bobby on . - the phone ring off the hook in the empty office . int . heller home - morning . 6 year earlier 119 119 Cindy 's mind be take she to bad place . she hang up . tell herself that everything be all right . pace she room ... pick up the phone and dial again . int . garage - continuous - 6 year earlier 120 120 Troy whistle sharp , warning Bobby that jo have just arrive . Bobby kick Dean while he 's down . Dean be beat and Bobby be run out of breath and strength . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 69 . 120 continued : 120 bobby stay away from she ! dean never . Bobby look at he bloody hand . he lack the strength to lift he arm . give one last weak kick into Dean 's bloody face . Troy and tony pull Bobby out . the gang leave , victorious yet somehow defeat . the office phone , which have be ringing incessantly , stop . Dean be on the floor in the fetal position . it take he a while , but he manage to sit up . he feel the inside of he split lip with he tongue . he do not feel pain as much as he feel tingling and ringing - all over . jo come in . she freeze when she see he . jo Dean ... telephone . it take Dean a while to get up , but he do . and it take he a while to get to the office where he phone call await . once there , he hold the receiver in he hand for a beat ... dean hello ? int . clinic - waiting room - day - present day 121 121 Cindy wear scrub , pick up the ringing phone . cindy mediplex ... you be go to need to come in ... we be go to need to see he ... I can not diagnose over the phone ... about 20 - 30 minute ... okay ? ...okay , bye ... Cindy hang up . she hold a clipboard . cindy ( read ) ( cont would ) Maria ? a Hispanic woman , maria guevara - robust , 50' - clutches she purse and rise off a wait area chair . Cindy smile . cindy ( cont 'd ) right this way . int . clinic - examination room - continuous - present day 122 122 Cindy open the door and gesture to the examination table . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 70 . 122 continued : 122 cindy have a seat on the table , Mrs. guevara . Maria have a blank look . cindy ( cont 'd ) do you speak English ? hablas ingle ? Maria hold she finger up , indicate a inch . maria small . cindy poquito ? maria si. cindy yo tabien . De donde ere tu ? maria El salvador . cindy so ... tu famalia esta aqui ? here ? maria no no . cindy they're in El salvador ? maria Si .... yo ... sola . how you say en ingle ? sola ? cindy uh ... sola ... alone . maria si. alone . cindy but hopefully not lonely . Maria hide she face with she hand and let out a self - pity giggle . Cindy look at she clipboard . cindy ( cont 'd ) so you be feel some pain in you leave breast . uh ... tu duele en tu chiche ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 71 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 maria Si si. cindy well let 's take a look . Cindy hand she a paper robe . cindy ( cont 'd ) can you take off tu ropas and ponga ... put this on ? okay ? comprende ? Maria nod and take the robe . Cindy turn to leave . cindy ( cont 'd ) lo siento mis espanol es muy mal . int . clinic - hallway - continuous - present day 123 123 Cindy leave the room and get a drink of water from the fountain . Dr. feinberg approach she from behind . dr . feinberg busy . have not sit down yet . walk with I . Cindy 's hold she clipboard to she chest . he tilt it down with he finger . dr . feinberg ( cont would ) what do you have ? cindy a woman in 215 . Hispanic . 53 . live alone . complain of pain in she leave breast . dr . feinberg uh huh . I will be in in a minute . by the way , I be think about you . cindy oh yeah ? dr . feinberg yeah , well I can understand how you might not be able to relocate you whole family up to riverdale , with you daughter be in school and everything . but , I be think , maybe , you could get a apartment . work during the week , drive down on weekend . they arrive at a door , room 220 . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 72 . 123 continued : 123 dr . feinberg ( cont would ) you would not have to worry about be alone ... we could hang out together . grab some dinner sometime . Cindy blushes and then she brow furrow . cindy I be marry . dr . feinberg it 's not a proposition , I be just try to help . cindy I do not remember ask you for help . he hold up he hand and leave Cindy alone in the hallway . she look at the ground , turn around and walk to room 215 . int . clinic - examination room - continuous - present day 124 124 Maria sit , still clothed , on the table clutching the robe . Cindy walk into the room and look at she . cindy what 's the problem , Maria ? tu sabe ? Cindy pantomime undoing she shirt . cindy ( cont 'd ) no comprende ? necessita take off tu comisita . you shirt . understand ? Maria nod and undoe she blouse . Cindy turn she back . Maria sit slump with she blouse open . Cindy pantomime remove she shirt fully . Maria do so and sit with she hand cover she face . Cindy gesture to she bra . cindy ( cont 'd ) por favor , Maria . come on . Maria unhook she bra . a purplish cantaloupe- size abscess grow on she leave breast . Cindy 's cover she mouth . cindy ( cont 'd ) oh my god. Jesus christ. Maria ... Maria put back on she blouse . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 73. 124 continued : 124 cindy ( cont 'd ) Maria ! que eso ? why do not you come in sooner ? why do you wait this long ?! eso es muy mal . very bad . Maria start to cry . cindy ( cont 'd ) how could you look at yourself in the mirror and pretend it 's not there ? how long have you be pretend ? Dr. feinberg walk into the room . dr . feinberg Cindy . what 's go on here ? Cindy point to Maria . cindy her breast . her breast ! Dr. feinberg take Cindy 's clipboard from she hand . dr . feinberg I can take over from here . he talk to Maria calm and clear . dr . feinberg ( cont would ) hello Mrs. guevara . I be Dr. feinberg . I be you doctor . let I see . it 's ok . he reach for the tremble Maria 's blouse . Maria flinch . cindy it 's probably be grow for year ! Dr. feinberg turn to Cindy . dr . feinberg out ! he turn back to Maria and place he hand on she shoulder . dr . feinberg ( cont would ) it 's go to be alright , Mrs. guevara . Cindy back out of the room . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 74 . ext . clinic - day - present day 125 125 Dean get out of the aspen . the kid honk as they drive off . drunk and stone , he walk to the entrance of the clinic carry they suitcase . int . clinic - continuous - present day 126 126 Dean walk through the lobby and approach mimi at the reception desk . he drop he baggage . mimi ( on phone ) ma 'am you be go to have to bring he in ... you have to bring he in ... dean where 's my wife ? she hand he a in - patient form . Dean look at it . dean ( cont 'd ) I be not sick . mimi cup she hand over the phone . mimi you need to fill that out , sir . you can go over there . mimi return to the phone . dean there 's nothing wrong with I . Dean hand she back the clipboard . mimi no , you need to fill it out , sir . bring it back up to I when you be do . dean where 's my wife ? mimi lower the phone . mimi who 's you wife ? dean Cynthia . where be she ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 75 . 126 continued : 126 mimi be you Dean ? dean yeah , be you deaf or be you just dumb ? she put the phone on hold and disappear into the clinic . Dean turn around and look at the people in the wait room . he have a slight confrontation with a gang banger . Cindy approach from the hallway . cindy Dean ? dean ( turn ) save you a trip . cindy I can see that . how would you get here ? dean I get a ride . mimi appear behind Cindy . dean ( cont 'd ) - I be go out of my mind . I do not know if there 's a emergency . I do not know if Francis be hurt . do you think about that ? cindy frankie 's fine ... Dean nod . he look over Cindy 's shoulder at mimi . dean take picture ? mimi sit down at she desk and pick up a ringing phone . cindy we be not go to do this here . Cindy cross the counter , grab the bag by Dean 's foot . cindy ( to mimi ) ( cont would ) give I a few minute . mimi I will be right here . do not let he brainwash you again . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 76 . 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 cindy live you life . Cindy walk out of the clinic hefting she bag . cindy ( cont 'd ) help I . Dean grab the remain luggage and follow , throw back a look to both mimi and the gang-banger . ext . clinic - parking lot - continuous - present day 127 127 Dean follow behind Cindy . dean last night get fuck up , ok ? I know it . I know I be lazy , I eat too much , I drink too much , I drive you crazy with all my jealous bullshit . I fuck up . I know I be clumsy . but you be not try anymore . Cindy hurl the bag into the back of the car . Dean help . dean ( cont 'd ) please do not make I be alone . cindy be you drunk ? dean I be ok . cindy can you drive ? dean yeah . let 's go . cindy no , you go . take the car home . she hand he the key . dean you do not think about anyone but yourself . do you ? Cindy walk back to the clinic . Dean follow close behind . dean ( cont 'd ) you get no time for I anymore . it all go to this fuck job . ( more ) ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 77 . 127 continued : 127 you give it all to they . all this people who do not give a shit about you . they get the beautiful version of you . what do you family get ? nothing . you come home and you be empty . you think I do not notice ? you think frankie do not notice ? her mom walk around like a ghost ? cindy you know how many sacrifice I make every day . dean you ! what about I ? I give up everything for you . cindy I never ask you to ! I can not take this shit anymore . Cindy enter through the electric door . int . clinic - continuous - present day 128 128 Dean follow Cindy down the hallway to the employee 's lounge . dean take what ? what can not you take ... the truth ? I know you can not ... you never could . cindy you be right Dean , I can not take the truth ... I have have it with the truth or whatever it be you make up along the way and label as truth ... you win . I give up ... I have be lie to you for a long time . dean who be it ? cindy it 's I , Dean . I do not want to hurt you . but I be not the person you fall in love with . and you will not let I be anything but that person . that 's why I can not look at you . because every time I do I can not stop think about how much I want you to hate I . but you be too stupid to see it , and too chicken shit to do anything about it . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 78 . 128 continued : 128 dean wait a second ... he grab she in a hug . her arm be press into she side . cindy I do not love you anymore ... why can not you stop loving I ? he pull back he fist and swing , hit the metal locker behind Cindy 's head . he repeat the blow with thunderous rage . feinberg enter the room . feinberg what the hell be go on !? Dean turn and take a blind swing at feinberg . one blow and feinberg reel against the metal locker . he hit the ground with a thud . his nose gush blood . Dean pace around feinberg like a cage animal . he pull down a locker with he hand . it crash to the floor . Cindy kneel over feinberg . cindy I be sorry . I be sorry . let I see . feinberg you be do . leave . Dean jerk Cindy up off the floor . dean get up . she hit Dean with a flurry of flail fist . cindy you son of a bitch ! punch catch he in the nose . Cindy bully Dean backwards with repeat shove to the chest . he back up down the hallway . mimi stand in the hallway . mimi oh my god . call 911 . I be go to call 911 . the door slide open and Dean back outside . ext . clinic - continuous - present day 129 129 cindy give I the key . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 79 . 129 continued : 129 she dig into he pocket and fish they out . she march to the car , get in the driver 's seat , start the car - the radio blast at high decibel . Dean bang on the passenger side window . Cindy flip the lock . Dean get in the car . cindy ( cont 'd ) I want a divorce ! she have emptied herself . her whole body be numb and it feel as if she be float in space . anger overcome Dean . he hit the dashboard with concrete fist . dean I know ! he grab the suitcase next to he and open the door . he throw it through the air into a field - try rid himself of pain , long , and desperation . he clutches he wedding ring , but can not yank it off of he fat finger . finally , he get it off and toss it into the field . the moment he release it , he wish he have not . moment later - Dean and Cindy search for the ring . it be lose . Music begin to play in reverse . int / ext . home video montage : 130 130 various scene of the periera family together ... ext . flowershop . afternoon . 6 year earlier . 131 131 all kind of flower . color , smell . freshly arrange . Dean study they . find the one 's he like . and steal they . ext . STREET - dusk - 6 year earlier 132 132 we follow Dean from behind - walk down the middle of the street . he hold the flower . meanwhile , we hear Cindy ask she gramma question about love and life . " what 's it like to be old ? " - " when do man stop look at you ? " she confide she feeling for Dean . ( the response will be real response - a real conversation ) . int . heller home - kitchen - night - 6 year earlier 133 133 Cindy and gramma sit at the dinner table . the sound of boil . steam rise out of the pot and pan . they continue they conversation . Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 80 . ext . / int . heller home - night - 6 year earlier 134 134 Dean find the house . he straighten himself , walk to the front door , ring the bell , check the smell of he hand . Jerry , bourbon in hand , open the door . Dean 's face be purple and swollen from the fight . dean I do not know if it be pot luck so I bring a eggplant . he point at he face . behind Jerry , Cindy peek out from the kitchen at the end of the hallway . it be the first time she have see Dean since the fight . she be shocked . dean ( cont 'd ) face look like a eggplant , do not it ? how you do sir , I be Dean . Dean hold out he hand . Jerry look Dean up and down . cindy oh god. Cindy squeeze by she father to Dean . the expression on she face say it all . Dean hand she the flower , lean in and kiss she . while he 's there he whisper . dean I steal this for you . cindy be you okay ? Dean nod . she lead he down the hall . Jerry stop , turn . jerry ( to Cindy ) tell he to take off he shoe . Dean remove he boot . a toe wiggle out of a holey sock . he gather the hole and tuck it between he big toe and he second toe . Cindy lead he by the hand to the kitchen . int . heller home - dine room - continuous - 6 year earlier 135 135 the heller family and Dean sit around the table . Jerry , glenda and gramma bow they head , say grace . all except dean come lord Jesus , be we guest , and let thy gift to we be bless . amen . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 81 . 135 continued : 135 glenda continue with a little speech about choice , and need to be able to make mistake with we choice . her speech continue over the next image ... - they eat . Dean compliment the meal . glenda be self depreciate . Jerry be judgemental . gramma want to go home . Cindy can not take she eye off of Dean - she have fall . later - Cindy lead Dean upstairs to she room . int . cindy room - night - 6 year earlier 136 136 Dean follow , obediently . Cindy close she door behind he . she begin gently kissing Dean 's wound . whisper . cindy do that hurt . dean no . it feel good . keep do it . she do and be interrupt by ... the faint SOUND of she parent fight downstairs . jerry ( o.s. ) ... she 's go to struggle the rest of she goddamn life with that fuck loser . and that 's okay with you . sit there ... sit there on you fat ass do not do a goddamn thing . dean maybe I should go . cindy why ? they will stop soon . dean I be go to miss my train . cindy good . Cindy go over to she stereo and turn on some music , low - it be the same song that Dean and Cindy listen to in the moon room . it drown out some of the fight . she approach he , start unbuttone he shirt . cindy ( cont 'd ) promise I one thing ... you will never let I become a adult . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 82. 136 continued : 136 dean okay . she kiss he . open up he shirt . reveal a severely bruise torso . he wince a bit from the movement . she redress he wound , nursing he back to health . cindy that motherfucker . she kiss he chest . Dean start get underneath Cindy 's clothes . he place he palm on she belly . dean I love you . cindy I love you too . dean really ? cindy yeah . from here on out , they action increase with urgency . each moment that go by make they more and more desperate to feel the other 's skin . they be down to they underwear when they hear a door slam downstairs . dean be you parent 's gonna walk in on we ? cindy they never come in here . they make sweet love . ext . heller home - day - present day 137 137 the front door burst open and frankie , still in she leopard costume , charge down the walkway . frankie daddy ! daddy ! mommy ! Cindy 's car sit in the driveway . Cindy get out , grab she suitcase . Jerry emerge from the house . Cindy kneel down and hug frankie . she be electricity in she arm . cindy who have candy for breakfast ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 83. 137 continued : 137 frankie do not answer and squirm out of Cindy 's arm . she run to Dean who get out of the car like a wounded soldier . dean hey sweetheart . frankie leap into Dean 's arm . Cindy walk up to the house . cindy how be frankie ? jerry she be good . be you ok ? cindy I be ok . Cindy kiss she father on the cheek , close the screen door . dean ( hold frankie ) I can not play right now , okay ? he release he wire daughter who run circle around he . Dean walk up to the porch . he and Jerry stand face to face . dean ( cont 'd ) do you want to get out of my way . Jerry back away . Dean walk past he into the house . jerry I do not know what happen up there . but please Dean , come on . do not push it . let it be ... Dean close the screen door behind he and lock it . Jerry pull on the door . jerry ( cont 'd ) hey ! you can not lock I out of my own house ! Dean call back . dean keep a eye on Francis . jerry I do not have my oxygen ! hey ! Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 84 . int . heller home - day - 6 year earlier 138 138 Cindy put on a simple yellow dress . she check herself in the mirror . her hand trace the bump on she belly . int . heller home - kitchen - continuous - present day 139 139 Cindy pour a glass of water . she gulp down aspirin . Dean keep he distance at the edge of the room . in the backyard , frankie make herself dizzy by twirling . Jerry crane he neck to look into the window of he house . cindy I be not come home . fear strike Dean . he press the base of he palm into he eye , rub until he see star . dean we be not alone here Cynthia . we have a little girl . we need to think about she . cindy I be think about she . dean all you be think about be yourself . you . Francis be gonna grow up in a break home and that 's ok with you . cindy I can not let she grow up in a home where she parent do not love each other . dean do not love each other ? I have only ever love you . Dean approach she from behind . reaches out ... int . dean's friend apartment - day - 6 year earlier 140 140 Dean wear he baby blue tux . he look himself up and down in the mirror . take a deep breath . int . heller home - kitchen - continuous - present day 141 141 Cindy flinch from Dean 's touch . a look of terror in she eye . Dean hush she . he lead she to a chair and sit she down . he kneel by she side and repeat she name . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 85 . 141 continued : 141 dean ... Cynthia ... Cynthia ... he hold she hand and grope she arm , leg , shoulder whatever she will let he touch . Cindy have tear in she eye but she be focus . there be nothing to say . int . municipal courthouse - day - 6 year earlier 142 142 Dean take a quarter , place it in a gumball machine , turn the crank . a plastic box roll out . he take it , shake it - inside be a plastic ring . she take a quarter and follow suit , buy another plastic ring . int . heller home - various - continuous - present day 143 143 in the kitchen , frankie climb in through the old dog door . she see she father kneel on the floor at she mother 's foot . perplex , she pull at she bottom lip with she finger . Cindy release herself from Dean 's grip and go to she suitcase . she carry it up the stair . a144 int . municipal build - day . 6 year earlier . a144 Dean and Cindy wait together in a room fill with other people about to get marry . they observe this other people and create fictional narrative about they and they life for each other . int . cindy room - continuous , 144 144 Cindy open the door and set she suitcase on the dusty bed . the room be just like it use to be . back int the kitchen - continuous 145 145 Dean be defeat . he sit back against the cupboard and hang he head down low between he knee . frankie touch he shoulder . she give he a massage . frankie I want to stay at grampa 's house next time for fifty night . Dean look up . he have tear in he eye . frankie touch one as it stream down he face . frankie ( cont 'd ) why you cry ? ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 85a . 145 continued : 145 Dean can not answer . frankie slide a chair over to the sink . she step up and fill the glass with water . balance it still , she bring it to Dean . she take a sip and hand the glass to he . he drink . dean thank you ... ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 86 . 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 Cindy come down the stair . dean ( cont 'd ) daddy 's gonna go now , ok . Dean stand and pick up frankie . he walk to Cindy and hand she over . int . municipal courthouse - day - 6 year earlier 146 146 Cindy and Dean stare into each other 's eye . the justice of the peace read they they vow . ext . heller home - late afternoon - present day 147 147 frankie try to squirm out of she mother 's arm . frankie daddy ! Dean walk out the front door where he pass Jerry who stand on the porch . he move across the lawn to the sidewalk . vermillion light fall in the sky . Cindy set frankie down and she run out the door . Jerry catch the little girl by the arm and hold she tight . Dean walk toward the horizon . frankie ( scream ) ( cont would ) daddy ! Dean stop and turn . Cindy walk to the porch . cindy let she go , dad . Jerry release she and frankie run fast to Dean . she jump at he to go into he arm . he do not pick she up . from the porch Cindy and Jerry watch Dean as he point to they . frankie do not move . Dean yell for she to go back . frankie head back to she mother , confuse . Cindy kneel down and take she in she arm . families light firework off in the middle of the street . ext . heller home STREET - continuous dean continue down the street that connect with other street , all line with pretty house . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 86a . the house form neighborhood that join with other neighborhood form town . Beyond the town , hill stretch far into to the horizon . firework explode against dark blue on blue . ( continued ) Blue Valentine official Green script as of 6/9/09 87 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 int . municipal courthouse - day - 6 year earlier 149 149 Dean and Cindy consecrate they vow . the ceremony last all of 45 second . justice ... you may now kiss the bride . Dean and Cindy kiss . we hold on the kiss for as long as it take . they stop kissing and look at each other in the eye . then , they start to hug . and hug ... and hug ... the title blue valentine superimposes on top of the image . credit start to scroll over ... a series of portrait / document of marriage . real people 150 150 really getting married . we play witness to they all .