blue ruin written by Jeremy saulnier ( production draft - white 8/10/2012 ) int . sunny house - day 1 a spacious 2nd floor of faux paint and crush sea shell . a tv remote with a shit - ton of button . behind it , a flat - screen squawk to a empty room . a snack plate and empty cup sit atop a kitchen island . pushing past a bin of child 's toy , down a hallway fill with steam ... int . bathroom - sunny house - day 2 the steam swirl around the spa-like interior . a plastic comb rest between he and her sink , under empty towel rack . buried within the aquatic echo-chamber , faint crunching . the faucet squeak off . drip resonate from behind the shower curtain . through a crack window , a ocean breeze swallow the steam . a car stereo attack and decay . then quiet . the shower squeak on and the steam retake the room . another noise . the water squeak off and the shower curtain yank back , revealing a beard man ( 36 ) with sun - baked skin , alarmed but motionless . muffled , through wall : tire on gravel . the thump of car door . on the beard man : fight-or-flight ... int . foyer - sunny house - day ( moment later ) 3 a family spill through the door ( father , mother , weigh down with groceries and two young daughter run wild ) - a wonderful cacophony disrupt the quiet . int . kitchen - sunny house - day ( continuous ) 4 the father place realtor 's house keys on the island counter , beside the snack plate ... father hey ! quiet ... the wife turn from the thermostat and hush the kid . the tv be audible . the Father sidestep into the hallway , see dissipating steam drift from the bathroom . father ( cont 'd ) honey . amanda . take they back to the car . call 911 . the wife corral the girl as the Father draw from a wooden knife block set , creep down the hallway ... mother ( urgent whisper ) Eric ! what be you do ? father ( bluff a threat ) I 've got a dog ! daughter ( 0.s. ) there 's a dog ?! near the bathroom threshold , the Father tighten a two - hand grip around he weapon , realize he 's select a rounded steel sharpener from the knife block . he slip to the hard wood floor , landing torso upright with a sharp breath . a daughter break free as the mother fumble she purse . the Father 's lower vantage reveal a trail of wet footprint leading to the back of the house . his daughter run past giggling , follow the footprint . father ella ! no ! dammit ... int . back bedroom - sunny house ( continuous ) 5 her Father in pursuit , the daughter cross the carpete room and poke she head through a open window . ext . backyard - sunny house - day 6 from above : the bearded man run naked clutching a wad of clothes , disappear into a alleyway . 10 on the window : the daughter watch nonchalantly until she father scoops she up . ext . alleyway - day 7 obscure through clothesline and fencing , the bearded man jog to a stop and step into he wear khakis . clack . he squat and rise , inspect he plastic comb , now speckle with sand . he blow it clean . ext . STREET - beach block - day 8 dress but damp , the bearded man drip a trail up the sandy walkway , anxiously comb he hair . he move against beach traffic past modern condo , older bungalow and monstrous resort home . ext . MAIN drag - day 9 the bearded man sheath he comb and turn down a walkway lead to a SMALL town police station . int . police station - day 10 the bearded man open the door for a exite patrol officer , return a nod and weaving he way past reception to a female officer ( 55 ) eat a egg sandwich at she desk . beard man if you get any call about 104 St. Louis ... she look up from she desk , chew . beard man ( cont 'd ) -.. it be I . female officer good morning ... he fail to read she expectant look . female officer ( cont ’d ) ( relenting ) I think I just hear that go out . she motion to a nearby dispatcher who remove he headset . female officer ( cont ’d ) Dale , who pick up the ten - fourteen ? dispatch officer maucieri and lutz . she pick a walkie talkie from she desk , wave it . female officer May I ? dispatch officer ( replace headset ) yes mar 'am . female officer ( into walkie ) County five one nine ? she deadpan the bearded man . he return a anxious stare . male voice ( over walkie static ) go for county five one nine . female officer make that ten fourteen on St. Louis a ten-thirty - one . repeat , ten - thirty - one , same address . male voice ( over walkie static ) Roger . she set the walkie down and gesture to the untouched half of she sandwich . the bearded man shake ' no 's . beard man be there anything I should do ? there be a kid . kid . female officer sure , hon - not do it again . beard man use house or get bust ? female officer one would take care of the other , would not it ? next time , you 's 1ll be process . he nod . she return to she sandwich . 11 12 13 14 female officer ( cont ’d ) and I ' have worry more about the realtor . that place go for three thousand a week . ( bite , chew ) four . ext . STREET - day 11 the bearded man stand curbside , gaze vulnerably into rushing traffic . ext . beach - atlantic ocean - day 12 looking toward the ocean , a crowded stretch of beach . the bearded man hunch into a foreground silhouette , settling under the shade of the boardwalk . Foot traffic clunk above as he observe the bustle . a tossed food carton land in the nearby sand . he look up . seagull hover above , aggressively compete for scrap . the soundscape fuse into white noise . ext . beach - atlantic ocean - early evening 13 the wind whip across the now desolate beach . a older couple scan the shore with a metal detector . the bearded man collect recyclable , place they in a oversize canvas bag . ext . vacant lot - early evening 14 the bearded man drag the bag through reed and coarse grass . he dig into he shirt collar and lift a ball bear necklace over he head . thread through the necklace , a set of car keys . he unlock the trunk of a blue four - door 1990 pontiac bonneville , in disrepair and weathered by the sun . he heave the recyclable into the trunk and latch it . 15 16 17 18 19 int . / ext . bonneville - vacant lot - early evening 15 the bearded man open the driver 's side door , throw light onto stack of neatly fold clothes , book and supplies . a pillow and sheet line the back seat . he pull out boot and throw a satchel over he shoulder . from the front of the vehicle , chip paint and rust surround bullet hole group by the windshield frame . ext . boardwalk - atlantic ocean - evening 16 frozen custard , amusement ride and overflowing garbage can . the beachfront shop cash - in on a army of tourist . ext . back of HOTEL - evening 17 the boardwalk din carry to a hotel service entrance . the bearded man expertly sift through a dumpster . he wipe grease off a ' funland 's ticket book and tuck it away . he rescue a fatty CUT of meat from a nest of foil . open he satchel , he reveal a food - prep kit with mismatched cooking utensil and container . he place the meat in tupperware , add a homemade marinade before sealing the lid . ext . vacant lot - evening 18 on a tin plate : steak bone suck clean . the bearded man wrap a rag around the handle of a dent camping kettle and pull it from a cooking FIRE . he pour boiling water into a cup . int . bonneville - vacant lot - night 19 wind through reed , crash wave , and chirping cricket . the bearded man recline in the back , sip tea and read under a solar garden lamp hang from sagging upholstery . his eye drift from the page . he slide the ' funland 's ticket into the crease and close the book . from outside , the lamp dim to black . 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ext . boardwalk - afternoon 20 through a long lens : distorted by rise heat from the crowded boardwalk plank , the bearded man offer something in he hand to several passer - by . he be ignore . ext . funland - late afternoon 21 on the ' funland 's ticket : six be rip from the book . a ticket - taker seat the bearded man in a suspend track ride - car and secure the lap bar . the ride - car lurch forward and up through hydraulic haunted mansion door with a blast of pipe organ music ... int . haunted mansion ride - funland - afternoon 22 the bearded man rumble past a mirror maze , bobbing skull , howling werewolve , a misty graveyard ... a strobe flash . ext . haunted mansion ride - boardwalk - afternoon 23 the exit door hiss OPEN : the bearded man squirm from the ride - car before the attendant can lift the lap bar . a ghoulish laugh through crackle speaker . ext . ' whac -a-mole 's booth - funland - afternoon 24 the bearded man slap the ticket book on the counter of a whac -a-mole amusement game . a lucky kid snatch it up . ext . beach inlet - evening 25 the bearded man cast a rod and reel from the surf , he satchel over he shoulder . ext . vacant lot - night 26 by the light of a makeshift head - lamp , the bearded man fillet a bluefish with a cork handle fishing knife . 27 28 29 30 ext . STREET - bayside - pre -dawn 27 ' o - Dark -thirty 's . a compact car drift by upscale home , toss out newspaper . int . bonneville - vacant lot - dawn 28 cast in deep blue light diffuse through dew - cover window , the bearded man lie curl in the back seat . tire creeping across sandy asphalt . through the driver' side window , abstract by moisture , police light roll in . a car door open and shut . a blurry figure approach the bonneville and knock . the bearded man rise , wait with blink eye . female voice ( 0.s. ) it 's officer eddy . he flip the lock and push the door open for officer eddy , the female Officer from the police station . officer eddy I would like you to come in to the station . beard man be this about the house ? I coul - on a wide of the scene : officer eddy dwight , sweetheart , I 'il explain . just come with I . int . police cruiser ( moving ) - early morning 29 the bearded man , dwight , stew in the back of the cruiser . flashing the cruiser 's turret , Officer eddy coast through a red light and turn off the road . officer eddy how ' bout some breakfast ? ext . drive -thru restaurant - early morning 30 the cruiser roll under a canopy up to a drive - thru window . the speaker crackle . 31 32 int . police station - early morning 31 a skeleton crew work to the hum of vend machine and a few slurre outburst from the drunk tank . Officer eddy guide dwight past empty desk and down a hallway , carry a take - out bag and newspaper . int . break room - police staion - morning 32 Officer eddy seat dwight at a kitchenette table and pull box food from the bag . officer eddy I apologize for the mystery - I do not mean to scare you . you be not in any trouble , everything 's fine - she wince into a solemn , regretful grin . dwight settles into he seat as she take hers . officer eddy ( cont 'd ) - you will be fine . oh , see , I just do not know exactly how to handle this . and I know I be not to bring this up - but , honey , someone bring this to we stoop . ( unfold the newspaper ) I just think you should be somewhere safe when you find out . dwight suppress a rush of realization . officer eddy ( cont 'd ) with somebody ... she slide the newspaper across the table . he pull it close without lay eye on it . his attention shift to a wall calendar hang behind she . officer eddy ( cont 'd ) he 's go to be release . I be not sure how much you ... I just need you to know that you be safe and that you can let I know whatever you need . they be miss . it 's a awful thing he do to they . I be just go to hold you here for a little bit , let you breathe and who know ? this might even be a opportunity ... her voice washes into cardiovascular pulsing . dwight 's face goe slack . 33 34 35 36 37 38 10 . ext . STREET - beach block - late night 33 dwight take the center of a residential street , move numbly through pool of orange light , the newspaper in hand . college kide watch he from a outdoor hot tub . they mouth be move , but dwight hear no voice . ext . beach - atlantic ocean - sunrise 34 dwight take a solitary swim in the Atlantic . and go under for a long time ... ext . supermarket —- morning 35 aluminum and glass clank into a self - serve recycling machine . int . supermarket checkout - morning 36 dwight hand a receipt to a cashier and set a ' do , md , VA 's road map on the counter . he look half - dead . ext . bonneville - vacant lot - day 37 dwight pop the lid off a rusted coffee can from he trunk . he add a handful of SMALL bill to the modest stash . he pull out a gas canister and set it down . ..- open the driver 's side door , pop the gas and the hood . .-.- shake the canister , empty it into the tank . ..- walk a 8 '' cube wrap in plastic bag from the trunk to the hood . .»» - peel away the plastic bag , revealing a car battery . .+- prop the hood open , set the battery in the tray and secure the connection . int . bonneville - vacant lot - day 38 dwight place the map on the seat and turn the engine over . beside the map be the newspaper . a article be title : ' 97 plea deal mandate VA double murderer freed . 39 40 4l 42 11 . ext . bonneville - vacant lot - day 39 half -flat front tire roll back , break free of overgrown grass . the car reverse out of the sandy lot onto the street . ext . food mart / gas stop - day 40 a general store with a fueling station . dwight press a hissing AIR hose to a tire , behind he a display of colorful raft and floatation device . he move to the next tire . int . pawn shop - afternoon 41 hand gun laid on velvet , behind thick glass . tag tie to the trigger guard be mark from $ 180 - $ 700 . dwight thumb he cash and pocket it , surveying the shop : florescent light , drop ceiling and linoleum . he drift along the gun display , spot himself on a surveillance monitor atop a stack of vhs deck . he locate the security camera and turn to the woman behind the register . she glance under the counter and stare back hard . dwight approach . she step closer to the counter . he stop at the register and spin a carousel of postcard . dwight do you sell stamp ? woman I do . but that one have postage include . int . bonneville - curbside - afternoon 42 close -up , postcard : out of focus text , a ballpoint pen hover above in contemplation ... in crude script : ' you brother , 's a wider view : the bonneville idle beside a mailbox . dwight sign he name and deposit the postcard . 43 44 45 12 . int . / ext . bonneville - highway - late afternoon 43 dwight drive a two lane highway border by corn field and metal frame irrigation equipment . int . bonneville - roadside venue - evening 44 cicadas drow out thumping live music . dwight watch headlight sweep by before exite the car . ext . bonneville - roadside venue - evening 45 a jumbo shack - theme bar for half - ass biker . dim light from the facade cast a warm edge onto the vehicle in the lot . dwight walk along the car , inspect they content . he try a car door - locked . he try the next - unlocked - and rummages inside , throw off by the overhead interior light . nothing . another unlocked door . he switch off the interior light before search . nothing again . cupp glass , dwight check the cab of a lock pickup truck . he move to another truck a few spot down with a ' national association of rifle owner 's window decal . he spy something on the cab 's floor , angle he head for a better view . he circle around and try the other door - locked ... and a loud fucking alarm . dwight flee , nearly trip over a rock - he snatch it up , do a about face and smashes it through the cab window . he reach through the jag glass and unlatch the door , pull a SMALL plastic case from under the seat . the live music surge as a cowboy exit the bar hold a keg cup , wrest he key from he tight jeans . dwight dive behind he car , panic across the dirt . the cowboy aim he key at the blaring truck . two quick honk and the alarm be silenced . the cowboy head back inside with a belch . 46 47 48 49 50 51 13 . int . bonneville ( moving ) - state road - evening 46 dwight roll up he window . dust settle as he check the rear view and open the case beside he : bingo - a snub - nosed revolver fitte in foam with six .357 cartridge . he lift the weapon , notice a heavy duty trigger lock . ext . scenic overlook - morning 47 mute , rhythmic cracking echoes through the river valley . the bonneville be park alone in the lot , below tall tree and rock formation . water rush nearby . there 's a small plaque for tourist , a rustic trash bin and porta - potties . ext . nature trail - scenic overlook - morning ( continuous ) 48 dwight smashes the revolver 's trigger lock with a tire iron . he assess the damage - very little . he place the gun on a rock and pound with more and more might and less and less control , follow it with wild swing into the dirt . thwap , thwap , crunk . the metal give . he dust off the gun - it 's break in several place , the trigger lock still intact . ext . scenic overlook - rustic trash bin - morning 49 tracking with dwight , march in disappointment towards the trash bin . he watch a hybrid suv pull in with a half - heart smile and nod . he discretely deposit the break gun , return to the bonneville as the suv driver ( 40 ) , fit and wear fleece , hop out with a leash and a latte . a dog bark from the suv as dwight pull out . ext . winding road - bonneville - afternoon 50 the bonneville weave between eastern foot-hills . ext . intersection - dusk 51 a shadow road sign against a wane blue sky . headlight illuminate it : ' prison area : hitchhiking prohibited 's 52 53 54 55 56 57 14 . int . bonneville - state prison lot - early morning 52 Soft morning light . dwight sit with predatory stillness . ext . state prison lot - early morning ( continuous ) 53 the bonneville be park a few row from the lot 's edge with a view of the prison gate . rising behind it be high fencing , razor wire and concrete . int . bonneville - state prison lot - day ( hour later ) 54 midday sun beam into the car . the patter of liquid flowing into plastic . dwight be hunch in he seat , eye to he lap . ext . bonneville - state prison lot - day 55 low angle of tire and gravel , the prison visible between the ground and the car chassis : the driver 's side door open and urine pour from a plastic bottle onto the gravel . a large sedan pull into the lot . int . bonneville - state prison lot - day 56 dwight tug he door close , observe through the windshield : a early ' 90 model white stretch limousine park in the spot close to the prison gate . on the door : ' cleland limousine 's from the far side , a man and a woman step out for cigarettes , the engine idling . dwight half turn the key in the ignition and roll down the passenger side window . they voice compete with music emanate from the limousine , they smoke puff drift into the wind . dwight pull he satchel from the floor and rest it on the passenger 's seat . ext . state prison lot - day ( later ) 57 louder music and laughter from behind the close door of the limousine . dwight 's bonneville have not move . 58 59 60 15 . int . bonneville - state prison lot - day 58 dwight squint at the prison entrance . a inmate ( 42 , white male ) be be escort out by a correction officer . the inmate strut in prison issue slack and shirt , carry a cardboard BOX . he 's tattooe up he arm and neck , strong but with a gut . dwight be freeze . the family exit the limousine with a brief blast of music . the teddy ( 45 ) , stocky in casual preppie attire , hop back inside the driver 's seat to lower the volume . there 's carl ( 39 ) , wiry and tattooe in baggy clothes , CHRIS ( 46 ) , scornful with tease , dirty blond hair , and hope ( 42 ) , tight pony - tail and a dark , chisele face . a boy ( 14 ) , lanky with hand - me-down clothes , scoot to the edge of the back seat , slouched over a hand -held videogame console . the correction officer hand the inmate a white envelope and head back with parting word . the family member circle the inmate . Chris motion for the Boy to greet the inmate , but he refuse . she power- walk over and grab the Boy around the biceps . he shake she off , retreate into the car as she palm he chin and shove it back . they all pile back in the limousine . dwight start he car . int . / ext . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - day 59 on the rear of the speed limousine , from the hood of the bonneville , several car length back . CHRIS rise from the sunroof with a plastic cup in hand . she flinch as airborne debris blow into she eye , the cup go fly as she awkwardly duck below . int . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - day ( continuous ) 60 the cup clack past dwight 's vibrate car . he check the speedometer . they be average 83 mph . 61 62 63 64 65 16 . ext . highway bar - day 61 the limousine pull into the dirt lot of a single story stucco bar . the only other vehicle be a truck for sale . the bonneville whip past , maintain course . int . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - day 62 watch he rearview , dwight slow to a stop on the shoulder . p.o.v. ( dwight ) : hope yank up a metal entrance gate , a padlock in she hand . the family follow she into the bar . on dwight as he roll out into a wide u-turn . ext . highway bar - day 63 dwight pull the bonneville up a grassy incline beside the limousine and cut the engine . int . bonneville - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 64 dwight have a look around the car cabin and unzip the satchel . he slide something into he pant pocket . he close he eye . then yank the key . ext . highway bar - day 65 dwight step from the bonneville , looping he key chain around he neck and tucking it into he shirt . tracking with dwight as he shut the door and walk unsteadily around the side of the building . a SOUND system inside the bar cycle through radio station . muffled , celebratory voice lure dwight towards the back . he try a side door near a dumpster . lock . a door spring . a woman' voice . a clinking chain . dwight follow the wall towards the sound , peek one eye beyond the edge of the building . hope be crouch by the rear entrance , open cellar door as the teddy roll a Beer keg from a gated cold - storage unit . 66 67 17 . dwight rotate out of sight , he back to the wall . older teddy ( 0.s. ) stop breathe out you mouth . hope ( 0.s. ) yeah , if you stop talk out you ass . put he on you book - they 'il be look at you if he fuck up even once - and it will not be on I ... dwight tune out , draw to a distant rumble above . in the sky : a drift contrail in the wake of a jet ... the cellar door swing shut . dwight pivot around the corner - they be go . he slip inside the back door . int . hallway - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 66 from bright daylight into a black cave . auto -tune rap swell as dwight navigate the memorabilia - line hallway , he eye adjust to the darkness . tracking behind dwight , as he reach in he pocket and pull out the cork handle fishing knife . he pass the kitchen , steadying himself against the wall , nearly knock off a frame picture . he press he hand to a door and it swing open ... int . bathroom - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 67 it 's a cramped , dingy - tile bathroom bisect by a narrow walkway . on one wall : two stall and a trash can . on the other : two urinal and a sticker - up mirror mount above a porcelain sink . dwight cross the walkway and turn to face the door . he adjust the blade in he hand . the music lower , then blast louder . on dwight , inching towards the door - voice from just beyond it stop he short . 18 . the convict and Carl push through the door , drink from plastic cup . convict naw , man - she just talk too much . shit - I be not use to that . carl she talk shit , or she just talk too much ? in the far stall , dwight stand silent , shadow . convict ( jokingly feed up ) motherfucker . the two man place they cup atop the urinal and relieve themselves . carl what , I too ? convict yeah , maybe just let I piss . have not do it alone with four wall in over a decade . carl ha , dude . they share a bit of a laugh then urinate in silence . Carl finishes up and zip . carl ( cont ’d ) hey , man . you all right ? convict get some shit line up . favor . Carl walk to the door . convict ( cont ’d ) you be not gonna wash up ? carl naw , man , I do not piss on my hand . ( walk out ) you want another one ? or you want beer ? convict all that shit ... 19 . carl I hear that . the door swing shut behind Carl . the convict let out a deep breath , pass some gas . he zip up , he face expressionless as he step to the sink across from the far stall . dwight be three foot from the convict , directly behind he . the convict pump soap , scrub he hand . inside the stall , dwight watch , sweaty , seethe . on the fishing knife , dwight nervously audition hand grip . on dwight 's contort face . the music be loud . the convict splashes he face and inspect he pore in the mirror - he jaw tense as he eye lock on a reflection in the stall behind he . counterbalance by fear and rage , dwight 's thrust be almost lethargic . the convict whirl around as the stall door push open - dwight swing the fishing knife , cutting a deep slice into the back of the convict 's neck . the convict fail to register the wound and rush dwight , grab he by the throat with jailhouse power , force he against the stall . convict the fuck ? motherfucker . in the mirror behind they , we see the severity of the convict 's wound , like a bloody gill , as it rapidly overflow with dark red fluid . dwight gasp in the convict 's two - hand clench , flail , weakly jabbing the knife into the convict rib . convict ( cont ’d ) c'mon , let 's ... dwight raise the fishing knife and thrust it downward into the convict 's skull . the convict let out a open-mouthed grunt , the knife planted in the top of he head . enrage , with shock set in , the convict throw dwight towards the still - run sink , then to the floor . they slip and flail , bath in blood . dwight take a beat until the convict bleed out , clutching dwight 's shirt . 20 . dwight push off with he foot , he shirt ripping as he disentangle from the convict , who crumple to the floor , wheeze . he stare at dwight , a hint of recognition . convict ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) do I know you ? dwight stare back . dwight yes . dwight ramp into hyperventilation . dwight ( cont 'd ) yes . he lean over the convict , yank the knife from he skull . dwight ( cont 'd ) yes ! unhinge , dwight stab the convict repeatedly in the chest . then collapse , completely spend . someone pound on the door . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through door ) hurry the fuck up , man ! Party 's for you ! dwight crawl to the sink , put a bloody hand on it and pull himself to he foot . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( project further away ) what ? hell no ! he’s probably beatin 's off . dwight heave with pain , resign . he toss the knife towards the door . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( through door ) told you we shoulda have a hooker wait ... two playful smack against the door . dwight 's breathe regulate . eye on the door : just music . 68 69 70 71 21. he turn off the run faucet and retrieve the knife . int . hallway - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 68 tracking with dwight , cover in blood , sway into the hallway and head out the way he come . behind he , teddy walk off , oblivious . the radio station run a advertisement , the stereo cycle through station , casual voice and laughter fill the void until it land on classic rock . as dwight exit , the sunlight be blind . ext . highway bar - day 69 dwight tread heavily towards the bonneville , past the limousine . he turn back and stab the limousine 's front tire , he hand sliding down the blade on impact . he leave the knife in the fizzling tire , he hand dripping blood toward he car . int . bonneville - highway bar - day 70 dwight take he seat , admire the deep CUT across he finger . he reach into he collar , feel around he neck : no keys . CUT to : int . bathroom - highway bar - day 71 dwight 's car keys on the bathroom floor , the break ball - bear necklace thread through . classic rock echoes . carl ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through door ) let 's go , brother . come in ... in the background , the door swing in and impact the convict 's body , slide it a few inch on the wet tile . carl ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh ...fuck . oh fuck ! 72 73 74 75 76 77 22. ext . highway bar - day 72 whistling wind and quiet rock . on the stabbed tire , as dwight shuffles past . he round the limousine hood and try the driver 's side door - unlocked . int . limousine - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 73 dwight sit and scour for key - the ignition ... the visor . he dig in a console cup - holder and pull out a set , turn they in the ignition as the bar door open . loud , offensive music emanate from the limousine 's stereo as dwight shift and hit the gas . ext . limousine - highway bar - day ( continuous ) 74 on the stabbed tire , as it whirl the knife . the limousine carve a wobbly path , kick up dust as the family member exit , confuse , furious , bloody . hope hold a pump shotgun . Chris and Carl sprint after the limousine , shouting hysterically . int . limousine ( moving ) - highway - day ( continuous ) 75 dwight 's face quiver with emotion , but he can not quite cry . down the road , about a quarter mile , there 's a concrete barrier along a curve . music still blast . on the speedometer : from 50 mph to 70mph . ext . limousine ( moving ) - highway - day ( continuous ) 76 the shred tire disintegrate , only the rim remain , shrieking metal and showering SPARKS . int . limousine ( moving ) - highway - day ( continuous ) 77 dwight turn off the blasting radio . relaxing now , with peace soon upon he , he max out the speed of the teeter sedan . he close he eye . 78 79 80 23. in the relative quiet , a steady thumping be now audible . dwight blink aware , triangulate the source - it 's behind he , in the passenger compartment . visible behind the pass - through window : the boy , beat against the soundproof glass , unnerve but compose . ext . highway - day 78 the limousine whirs to a stop amidst smoke and dust . dwight exit the car , cake in blood , open the rear-hinged passenger door like a zombie chauffeur . the boy climb out grasp he video game console , scurrying a safe distance before turn to face dwight . they regard each other . Chris and Carl pant towards they , far in the distance . dwight push the passenger door close and turn away . boy do you hurt Wade ? dwight turn back , breath some air . dwight I do . Wade hurt my parent . boy no he do not . he just help out . the boy turn and walk the highway towards he relative , they frantic yelling lost in the wind . ext . concrete barrier - highway - day 79 the limousine SPARKS past the barrier at sublethal speed . int . limousine ( moving ) - highway - day 80 dwight hang in limbo , he adrenaline dumped . dwight ( under he breath ) silly ... 81 82 83 84 85 24 . int . / ext . bonneville - highway bar - day 81 from inside the bonneville , family member congregate around dwight 's vehicle . the map and the newspaper flap on the passenger 's seat . lost in the background : Chris yell abusively at the Boy . Carl burn testosterone with vow of revenge . closer to the bonneville , inspect the bullet hole ... hope be that the car ? teddy yep . hope you think he be alone ? teddy do we care ? ext . roadside ditch - day 82 the limousine carve into a ditch and land hard . dwight pop from the door , dismount the smouldering sedan and walk off towards a tree line on the far side of a open field . ext . wood - day 83 dwight take cover in the shade of tree . ext . wood ( deeper in ) - day 84 dwight dry heave , nestle between limb of a fall oak . ext . creek - wood - late afternoon 85 a shallow creek of mostly mud . dwight follow the trickle of water upstream to a concrete drainage ditch . he follow the ditch to a clear , beyond which lie a residential development . 86 87 88 89 90 91 25 . Pov ( dwight ) : a crowded cul - de-sac of mcmansion surround by vacant land . some home be unfinish - car in some driveway , pile of red , upturn dirt in other . ext . residential development - late afternoon 86 dwight watch from closer in , crouch on a hill . all 's quiet . a pile of bagged newspaper lie two stoops in . int . mcmansion - evening 87 a well keep , oversize home . even light filter through the window . a tv remote with a shit - ton of button . behind it , a flat - screen illuminate the room . a ripped - OPEN package of sandwich meat and a empty gallon jug sit atop the kitchen counter . int . master bedroom - mcmansion - evening 88 pushing toward the master bath as backlit steam drift into the shadow chamber . int . master bathroom - mcmansion - evening 89 the fogge - up medicine cabinet hang open . a plastic comb , razor and scissor sit between he and her sink litter with hair trimmings and pink , dilute blood . in the shower : dwight scrub the coagulate mess off he body , he face clean shaven . int . bathroom - mcmansion - later 90 seat on the toilet , dwight pour hydrogen peroxide over he gashed hand into a small trash bin . first aid supplies be laid out on the sink beside he . int . closet - master bedroom - mcmansion - night 91 dwight pick through a rack of clothes , find a modest outfit : collare shirt , slack and work shoe . 92 93 94 95 96 26 . he find a workout bag on the floor and empty it of tennis gear , place the content neatly on a shelf . int . kitchen - mcmansion - night 92 dwight chug water from the gallon jug . on the counter , the workout bag be zipped and load . next to it , half a roll of paper towel and he bloody clothes in a plastic grocery bag . dwight refill the jug at the sink and chug . int . downstair bathroom - mcmansion - night 93 dwight stand over the toilet pissing like a racehorse . int . bathroom —- mcmansion - later 94 dwight comb he hair in the mirror . int . live room - mcmansion - night 95 dwight cycle through local news channel on the television : - click - '' a tornado touch down in western VA " - click - '' a area surgeon be accuse of sexual abuse '' - click ... newscaster ( on television ) .«.. porch . small dog and cat should be keep in a enclosure if leave unattend , as coyote be able to jump fence - get this Amy - up to seven foot , oop , it say ' less than seven foot '- I guess that would make it six foot and eleven inch and anything below ? curious wording ... co-anchor / amy ( on television ) ( rescue she co -anchor ) - more or less Steven , and I be surprised that they could climb even taller ... ext . mcmansion - back porch - night 96 dwight lock the door handle before close it , the workout bag drape over he shoulder and the grocery bag in hand . 97 98 99 27 . ext . basement window - mcmansion - night 97 dwight circle from the porch to a basement window leave ajar . he slide it shut and trot silently across the sodd lawn . ext . truck stop - night 98 dwight stuff the bag of soile clothes into a pebble trash receptacle near the perimeter of a truck stop . industrial light cast a sick hue across the asphalt lot . big rig all over - chugging on and off the highway , lining up for fuel , idling in a adjacent lot . dwight head for a fill station convenience store . ext . convenience store - truck stop - night ( continuous ) 99 dwight clear the side of the store , step into the fluorescent light of its facade and within yard of a park state police cruiser . the state trooper be visible inside , pay for coffee . dwight 's eye track the trooper as he exit the store and settles in to he cruiser . the trooper throw dwight a dismissive glance and start the engine . dwight step closer with a awkward , expectant gaze . the trooper back out , reversing over to dwight . state trooper ( roll down window ) you alright , sir ? dwight be ... you look for I ? state trooper ( halfheart jest ) not unless you be look for trouble ... a force smile from the trooper , nothing in return from dwight ... state trooper ( cont ’d ) okay then . you get id ? 100 101 28. dwight fish in he pocket , pull out a rubber - band wallet and hand over a ratty id . the trooper run he name . state trooper ( cont ’d ) you have a vehicle here , Mr. Evans ? you drive ? dwight not right now , no . state trooper good . this be a learner 's permit from ... ( inspect the id ) ..- nineteen ninety -seven . you get anything else ? dwight no , sir . state trooper get this up to date . and I do not want you hitchhike in the meantime , alright ? dwight okay . state trooper have a safe night . int. / ext . tractor trailer ( moving ) - night 100 dwight stare out from the cab of a truck , the driver focus on the road ahead . crackling country music and rushing wind . int . live room - ranch house - morning 101 two kide ( 4&6 ) , watch television . a door bell ring . a mom ( 39 ) walk through , pluck car keys from a ceramic jar atop a cluttere table and exit into the foyer . a door flood daylight inside and she reappear with a baby sitter ( 30' ) . 102 103 104 105 29 . mom ( to the sitter ) bit of a late start - you mind move the sprinkler into the bush in about twenty minute ? baby sitter sure , yeah . the Mom kiss she kid on the cheek . mom then turn it off after fifteen . they paint shrinky - dink last night - if you could put ‘em in the oven ? I think three minute at three - fifty - it 's on the box . ext . ranch house - morning 102 the Mom walk briskly from the modest , two -story home . a ' for sale 's sign be stake in the neat grass . juggling she key , purse and a file folder , she duck behind a hedge and open a exterior faucet . int . hatchback —- ranch house - morning ( continuous ) 103 the Mom slip into the car as water patter across the windshield . she start up , plop she purse and check the rear view mirror . she wait for the pass sprinkler and roll down she window ... ext . hatchback - ranch house - morning ( continuous ) 104 ... she pop she head out towards the rear . mom ( friendly warning ) pull out ! dwight , stand at the edge of she driveway , sidestep to the lawn . the Mom retract into the car with a wave . int . hatchback —- ranch house - morning ( continuous ) 105 profile on the mom as she back the car out , strike by a revelation . she hit the brake . 106 107 30 . ext . hatchback - ranch house - morning ( continuous ) 106 the Mom pop she head back out with a furrow brow . mom dwight ? dwight hi , Sam . the Mom , SAM , be quietly stunne . dwight set he bag down and cautiously approach . SAM dwight ? he 's clean shaven , in respectable attire , he ill-fitting shirt tuck tight into he pants . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( search ) «.- you look good . his pain eye , he bandaged and bloody hand . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( shifting car into ' park 's ) or do you ? wide shot : dwight back away as Sam swing open the car door and stand . a protract silence , then a tentative embrace ... ... the sprinkler tick its spray onto they . SAM ( cont 'd ) let I call work . she have another look and dwight , start untuck he shirt . SAM ( cont 'd ) .+- sorry , but ' no’ to this . int . fast food restaurant - morning 107 a independent version of Roy Rogers half full with local . at the register , Sam lift a plastic tray , one shoulder brace she phone . dwight , seat , watch she approach . two wrap breakfast sandwich slide in front of he atop the tray . Sam scoot into the booth across . 31 . SAM wish I have more time , I have get a asset inventory that can not push . dwight absorb the surreal set . SAM ( cont 'd ) you need money ? dwight no , I - do you get my letter ? SAM there have not be any letter . dwight send it after I cross the bridge - it be a postcard . SAM no . when ? dwight couple of day ago . SAM yeah , postcard take more time - dwight , I be not follow ... dwight I send it on my way to deerfield . she lean with deep concern . SAM I know he 's out , if that 's why you be here . D.O.C. send a notification . and a restrain order . let 's not ... she trail off , unwrap she sandwich . dwight you be sell the house ? SAM have be . for two year . it 's not really a hot market here . I have get a better job since then ... she bite into she sandwich . not enjoyable . dwight but you want to leave ? 32 . SAM the absolute second I can . dwight why can not you ? SAM good god , dwight . you want I to answer that ? dwight sorry . it 's fine ... ( stretch jaw ) I be not use to talk this much . SAM well , it 's what people do . dwight I know . he unwrap he sandwich . it 's greasy and grey . SAM do you ? wanna know what I do ? dwight kindly posture for a storm . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be a secretary for a probate attorney . dwight can not ask . SAM ( cont 'd ) they settle estate . I know so much about it , he hire I during the interview ... ( fight tear ) I could not ' just leave 's . I fight uncle Steve in court . he want the house . I get the IRS on he and he take off to the Philippines . I be hold on but there be nothing ... ( blow a breath ) so I marry a asshole . he try to take the house too . I probably should have let he ... dwight reach for Sam 's hand . she pull away , then take hold of he . 33 . SAM ( cont 'd ) crap . I take we here so this would not happen . there 's way too much ... dwight I be sorry I leave . SAM I be sorry too . ( sniff , wipe ) for this bust sandwich . dwight I have have worse . they behold they sandwich . SAM as far as the estate - you be still owed twenty eight hundred dollar . dwight you keep it . SAM I spend it on new siding for the house . it apparently need curb appeal . I will pay you from the proceed when it sell - if it sell . and there 's still a box of you thing . I give some to the kid - mostly the toy . sold the rest at yard sale . dwight it 's fine . keep it all . SAM dwight , I do not want it . and you need to register the bonneville in you name if you still have it . I have spare key if you want ‘em . dwight it 's ... go . they share some silence . SAM so , how 's delaware ? dwight you know ...? 34 . SAM not exactly where . we still go when we can - every few year , keep the tradition . mostly for the kid - I have get two now . dwight I know - I mean ... I see you . few summer ago . SAM you do not say anything ? dwight I ... look a mess . his hand retract and press he sandwich bun . dwight ( cont 'd ) you be on the boardwalk . you older one be cry . SAM so why now ? Wade cleland get release ? dwight I think it have be on the news , but there 's nothing ... SAM we know . this be the deal to avoid trial . dwight wrap he sandwich then stop . dwight ( whisper ) I kill he , Sam . I kill Wade cleland . she look again at he bandage hand , mild shock set in . SAM what ? bullshit . when ? dwight I think yesterday ... SAM God damn you . this be over . dwight never for I . 35 . SAM people do not do this . dwight shrug a pathetic laugh . dwight think he have kill I first . SAM well I be glad he do not . ( quiet , seethe ) and I be glad he 's dead . I hope he suffer ... Sam 's attention be draw to a large man look straight at they , sit behind dwight at a adjacent booth . large man s‘’cuse I . dwight turn to face he . large man ( cont ’d ) y'all get ketchup on yours ? we do not . Sam slide they ketchup to dwight , who pass it over he shoulder to the large man . large man ( cont ’d ) sorry , thank you . dwight and Sam stare at each other . SAM the cleland still live up on East hundre . the older one , he own limousine - dwight ( between she word ) yup . SAM - how great be that ? operate out of charlottesville . every time I see one on the way to the airport , or pass through town - fuck June , fuck prom ... you do not own - dwight where be you kide ? 108 109 36 . SAM Home . with the sitter ... dwight ( stand up ) let 's get back in you car . SAM ( follow ) what ? why ? dwight they never call the police . int . hatchback - fast food restaurant - morning 108 on the empty seat . ambient audio cut out . music fade - in : a single , piercing note on string . dwight take the wheel . Sam take shotgun , dial she phone . hand held , choppy cut . time be broken . the road blur through the windshield . SAM ( barely audible ) she 's not pick up . she 's not pick up ! ext . ranch house - day 109 pushing toward the house , the piercing string CUT out as the hatchback scrape up the driveway and skid to a halt . dwight and Sam race from the car . SAM no no no no no no ... dwight make it to the door . babysitter ( 0.s. ) wait ! the babysitter stand from behind the hedge , hold the sprinkler . SAM oh my god . Sam run past dwight into the house , the babysitter follow . 112 37 . babysitter what 's wrong ?! dwight I ... int . foyer - ranch house - day 110 as dwight enter , he 's smacked repeatedly in the face by Sam , she kid in the background , safe and SOUND . dwight barely resist . the sitter look the child over . int . kitchen - ranch house - late afternoon 111 Sam pull burnt shrinky -dink from the oven , toss they into a flip up garbage can . ext . back porch - ranch house - late afternoon 112 dwight peer into the kitchen through a glass - pain door . dwight ( through door ) ... she know they from the beach . I think she know dad from the car show . we do not talk much about it , but she look out for I . i’1l do it there . her name be ... I forget she first name . Officer eddy . Sam appear through the glass , dwight straighten up . SAM ( through door ) the cleland need to be arrest . dwight ( rub he face ) all of they ? for what ? Sam nervously bite she lip , leave frame . some clanking from the kitchen . dwight ( cont 'd ) ( through door ) I ' 1l turn myself in here if that 's what you want . but I can not do it until I know you be safe - the kid be safe . just go . ( more ) 38 . dwight ( cont 'd ) if you want , call the police from Pittsburgh . as long as you be not here , Sam . Sam reappear , unlatches the door and open it a crack . SAM it 's my house , dwight . dwight they know it , and the car be register here . it 's not worth - I mess up , sis ... ( fade ) I do not mean to scare you . SAM well , I be scared . dwight be there a gun in the house ? SAM of course not . she walk off , leave the door open . dwight enter and lock the door behind he . 113 int . bedroom - ranch house - late afternoon 113 the television sit on the floor , a extension cord attach . Sam 's two kid be seat on the floor , watch it . dwight sit by the close door , watch the child . SAM ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through door ) okay . I only tell work . nobody else . he open the door , Sam stand amongst hastily packed bag . 114 ext . hatchback / driveway - ranch house - late afternoon 114 dwight close the pack trunk . he walk to Sam 's window as she put the car in gear . SAM I would forgive you if you be crazy . but you be not . you be weak . 120 39 . she back out of the driveway . dwight watch they leave . the car stop , then keep go . int . ranch house - various - evening 115 the air conditioner be dial off , silencing a rickety hum . the front window be crack open , exterior sound pour in . a lamp be turn off . then another . a kitchen drawer be open . dwight remove a flashlight . a letter opener too . Winter coat , a scooter , umbrella ... a closet door shut . ext . shed / backyard - ranch house - evening 116 a rusty shed door squeal open . dwight select a broom - handle , metal - spike weeder from a rack of tool . int . live room - ranch house - night 117 Street light spill in , silhouett dwight by the window . just cricket . int . kitchen - ranch house - night 118 dwight scan the backyard through the kitchen door . int . live room - ranch house - night 119 dwight doze in the chair , he chin sink into he neck . he suck in air , groggily upright himself . out the window : still clear . int . kitchen - ranch house - night 120 dwight prepare a cup of tea by flashlight , careful to pull the kettle off the burner just before it whistle . 121 122 123 124 40 . int . nursery - ranch house - night 121 the flashlight beam push through the door and sweep low , settling on a attic door in the wall . dwight unlatch it and pull , inspect fade pencil scrawlings that once transformed the inside panel into a spaceship cockpit . he crawl into the dark and drag out a cardboard BOX . he pull out a shoebox , paper stack and a dusty yearbook bound in blue leather . leaf through the page , he - the hum of a engine echoe quietly through the house . he set the yearbook down and kill the flashlight . int . staircase - ranch house - night 122 dwight descend the stair , old wood creaking underfoot . int . live room - ranch house - night 123 dwight float to the window , looking out : the bonneville be parked a few door down , across the STREET . dwight shit . there 's shape within the car , hard to make out . on the bonneville : a flicker warm carl 's face as he light a smoke , its ember linger in the dark . on dwight : reaching for the garden weeder propped against the wall : it slip from he grasp , scrape the wall and clunk to the floor . he grimace , freeze with anticipation ... on the bonneville : the ember be snatch and toss out by the driver 's silhouette , orange SPARKS bounce from the curb . int . dine room - ranch house - night 124 dwight grab the weeder , crossing the foyer into the adjacent dining room . he settles by a window closer in and wait . 125 126 127 128 129 130 41 . no movement from the car . his eyelid grow heavy . ambient SOUND build to a sting . CUT to : int . dine room - ranch house - night ( later ) 125 dwight open he eye . back to cricket . on the bonneville : now two glowing ember . int . staircase - ranch house - night 126 dwight set the weeder down and creak he way upstairs . int . front bedroom - ranch house - night 127 keeping low , dwight grab bed pillow and position they under the sheet to emulate a person . he crawl to a bedside table and reach up into a lamp shade ... ext . ranch house - night 128 from outside , the bedroom window warm with light , now a beacon in the dark . int . bathroom - ranch house - night 129 dwight crawl into the bathroom , craning to flick on the light . he twist the sink faucet on . back out , he set the door open a crack . int . dine room - ranch house - night 130 a empty door frame . creak , creak , creak ... dwight slink in and take position by the window . through the window : the bonneville sit empty on the STREET . the front door handle click . a tug test the lock . dwight 's eye dart around . he walk to the foyer , listen , wind up the garden weeder ... the clink of a fence latch from the side of the house . 131 42 . he double back to the dining room , hugging the wall to a side window ... through the window : a fence , narrow side yard fill with junk , shadow by the blue light of a bug - zapper . teddy move through shadow with a sporting shotgun . dwight can hear he own pulse . he back into the foyer . int . live room - ranch house - night ( continuous ) 131 dwight peer through the live room into the kitchen : teddy appear through the back door window , wrapping a bandana around he knuckle . fuck . dwight head to the front door , slow he pace to appease the squeaking floor . from the kitchen , a muffled pop , sprinkling glass ... he squat to the door , surgically unlatch the lock . click . from the kitchen , a few more tap , clinking glass ... he turn the knob , crack the front door , revealing a direct view of the bonneville . bzzzz2z . just outside , a cell phone light up with a text message . Carl remove a glove and type a response . dwight pull back and re-lock the door . he commando- crawl to the live room , check the kitchen . at the back door , through broken glass : teddy 's face glow in the cool light of he cell phone . dwight crawl to the side table ... he pop on he flashlight , cupping the beam with he hand , search frantically through the ceramic jar . the back door open , footstep over glass and linoleum . dwight sift through rusty paperclip , rubber band and coin , inspect key sets with plastic tabs and handwritten label : ' Honda 's , ' shed 's , ' Ginny 's . 132 133 134 43. he pull a moldy set from the bottom of a jar : ' pontiac 's . the footstep approach . dwight pocket he flashlight and make a fist over the key , crawl off as teddy step in . dwight hide under the dining table , a bit expose , contain he breath . teddy enter the foyer - shotgun first , stop foot from dwight . he unlock the front door and open it , greeting Carl with he glove index finger over he lip , gesture upstairs : the bathroom door be cracked with light , running water rush from within . Carl step into dwight 's view , nodd : he 's carry a scoped hunting crossbow , a sheathed bowie knife hang from he belt . the brother ascend the squeaky stair with heavy boot . behind they , dwight crawl across the foyer . int . kitchen - ranch house - night 132 dwight step through the kitchen , crunching over shard of glass and slip out the back door . ext . side yard - ranch house - night 133 dwight break for the front fence . ext . ranch house - night ( continuous ) 134 dwight push through the gate and scurries across the lawn . squeaking from the house - dwight look back over he shoulder ... on the front bedroom window : Carl hold he crossbow upright , violently cranking the casement window open ... dwight sprint to the bonneville . thmmmp - a arrow rip through the air and clanks into the street . dwight reach the bonneville and unlock the door with tremble hand . 135 136 137 138 139 140 44 , teddy jog from the front door , head straight towards dwight with the shotgun . int . bonneville - sam' STREET - night ( continuous ) 135 dwight start the car and pop it into gear . ext . sam' STREET - night ( continuous ) 136 teddy slow and level the shotgun . thmmmp . a arrow whip past teddy , sinking into a nearby tree . he look furiously up to Carl at the window . the engine revs and the tire scrub pavement . int . bonneville - SAM 's STREET - night ( continuous ) 137 flooring it , dwight bite he lip and shut he eye . kadunk . ext . SAM 's STREET - night ( continuous ) 138 teddy bounce hard off the hood into the STREET , the shotgun rattling beside he . he 's out cold . the bonneville jolt to a stop . dwight hesitates , then burst out and drag teddy towards the idling car . teddy exit the house , lining up a crossbow arrow . dwight drop teddy and scramble for the shotgun . thmmmp . a arrow ping off the hood of the car . dwight snatch up the shotgun , hand inexpertly find the trigger and pump , send Carl into full retreat . ext . ranch house - night 139 Carl bolt up the driveway and through the wooden gate , dwight give chase with the shotgun ... ext . side yard - ranch house - night ( continuous ) 140 dwight step through the gate and stop cold . he can not see into the blue darkness and it 's suddenly dead quiet . nearby , a bug get zapped . 141 142 143 45 . he huff through a open mouth , calculate the risk ... and dart back toward the car . ext . bonneville - sam' STREET - night 141 dwight set the shotgun next to teddy and muscle he into the back . he slam the door and turn for the shotgun - thmmp . a arrow embed into dwight 's hip . nearly collapse , he limp back , leaving the gun . Carl load another arrow from Sam 's driveway . dwight hop in the bonneville and shift , grunting in pain . thmmp , the arrow crack the far window . Carl drop the crossbow and sprint to the car , open the back door as dwight peel out . carl be yanked to the STREET as dwight speed off with a open door . int . bonneville ( moving ) - SAM 's STREET - night 142 dwight steer , contort to keep pressure off the arrow in he hip . through the back window : Carl gather strewn weapon in the street ... the car slow , then speed up , swinging the back door shut . day be starting to break . int . / ext . bonneville - field - dawn 143 teddy be unconscious across the back seat , wheeze through he nose . dwight search he pocket , remove a wallet , he bloody car key necklace , a cell phone , a tobacco pouch , shotgun shell and a fold paper . he pocket cash from the wallet and unfold the paper . on the paper : the bonneville’s expired virginia registration list the owner : ' Evans , William c. , Evans , Katherine J . 's he put the loot in the glove box and pop the trunk . on a wide : the car be park in a desolate field under a purple - gray sky . the trunk bob open . 144 145 146 46 . the arrow protruding from he hip , dwight drag teddy into the trunk , slamm it down and testing the latch . reconsider , he pop the trunk again . closeup : tool from the trunk clank to the ground . he strip off teddy 's hunt jacket , slam the trunk . he pick a handsaw from the grass and position he hip against the open frame of he car door . with gritted teeth , he shut the door on the carbon arrow shaft , making a vice . he saws it off close to the wound . int . pharmacy - morning 144 muzak . dwight hobble down a isle with a basket , conceal he wound with teddy 's jacket . ' pain relief 's : he tip a aspirin bottle into he basket ... ' first aid 's : grab rubbing alcohol , peroxide , gauze ... ' household 's : a sewing kit , x-acto-knife ... ' hardware 's : set down sewing kit , pick up super-glue ... int . cash register - pharmacy - morning 145 a clerk count behind a register , notice bloody bill . he look to dwight . dwight : so. Fucking . tire . dwight just uh ... ( walk away ) yup . int . bonneville - field - morning 146 dwight be prepped in the back with a novice surgical kit . he pour hydrogen peroxide on he wound . he dip needle - nosed plier in rubbing alcohol and go to work . on he gory wound : fatty tissue hugging the carbon shaft , the tip bury within . the plier delicately clamp down on the shaft . then a tug . dwight scream ... CUT to : 147 148 47 . int . emergency room - morning 147 sliding automatic door part for dwight . he stride in , pale and damp with sweat . a triage nurse look up from she computer . dwight ( deplete ) ' scuse I . I have a question . maybe a little goofy ... triage nurse sure . dwight do you need - be you require - to report arrow wound ? like a accident - hunt accident . with buddy . alone , actually ... triage nurse Sir , do you need medical assistance ? dwight just , um ... yeah . a little hunt accident - my hip . do you need to report it , if it 's self - inflicted ..- by mistake ? triage nurse I would have to check with the charge nurse , sir . I have never handle - dwight collapse to the linoleum . int . hospital room - late afternoon 148 dwight 's eye flutter open . they close again in feign sleep as a nurse step close , check he chart . he wait for she to walk off then lift he gown to inspect the wound : it 's properly stitched and dressed . there 's a wall mount light box with a x-ray of he injury . there 's a bin of bloody post - op clothes . he pull tape and tubing and needle from he arm . 149 150 151 152 48. ext . hospital - late afternoon 149 dwight climb out a window wear he bloody clothing , now hanging flap of surgically CUT fabric . ext . beneath a bridge - late afternoon 150 moving with dwight , as he walk under a secluded railroad bridge , cautiously approach ... ..- the bonneville : pushing in on the trunk . dwight lean in , he ear to the trunk . he tap lightly - pounding and exasperated shout erupt from within , startling dwight . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , in trunk ) ..- hey ! I ’m in here ! I gotta get out ! help ... dwight back off and pluck the car key from the wheel well . int . bonneville - beneath a bridge - late afternoon 151 dwight start the engine , let it idle as the pleading devolve to pounding hostility . ext . bonneville - beneath a bridge - late afternoon 152 dwight exit , walk over and slam he fist on the trunk . dwight ( project through steel ) you be alone . you come into my sister 's house with gun . unless you be quiet , I will drive this damned car off a bridge ! the pound and yell stop . dwight walk off ... on a profile shot of the trunk ( mounted to the car ) . dwight return , bend down into frame . dwight ( cont 'd ) I just want this to be over . 153 154 155 156 49 . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through trunk ) sure , man . let I out and this can end right now . dwight you guy get gun . I be not open the trunk until I have one . teddy shit , I could get - dwight be quiet . dwight exit frame : hold on trunk shot ... CUT to : ext . thrift store - evening ( car mount ) 153 jump CUT of the same trunk shot , in a parking lot donation site . dwight sort through mattress and junk , expertly digging out a bag of clothes ... CUT to : ext . gas station - evening ( car mount ) 154 jump CUT of the same trunk shot , at a gas station . dwight fill the tank , wear a sweatshirt and corduroy ... CUT to : ext . commercial strip —- evening ( car mount ) 155 jump CUT of the same trunk shot , stop at a busy intersection ... CUT to : ext . SAM 's STREET - evening ( car mount ) 156 jump CUT of the same trunk shot , turn off a tranquil street into sam' driveway . the car door open and shut off screen , dwight speed walk into frame towards the house . 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 50 . int . live room / foyer - ranch house - evening 157 a wide profile of the staircase . a faint rush .. dwight tread heavily through the door and up the stair . int . bathroom - ranch house - evening ( continuous ) 158 on the sink , the water still running . dwight turn the faucet off , hit the light and head downstairs . halfway down , he double back ... int . nursery - ranch house - evening 159 dwight 's cardboard BOX , where he leave it . he drag it off . ext . side yard - ranch house - evening 160 dwight place the box in the garbage , salvage the yearbook . he fold up a cardboard top - flap and rip it off . int . kitchen - ranch house - evening 161 dwight tape the cardboard flap over the broken window . he sweep up glass with a broom and dustpan . int . foyer - ranch house - evening 162 on the front door : dwight swing it open and exit . it lock from outside . he drop the house keys through the mail slot . int . bonneville - park - night 163 dwight flip though he yearbook , circa 1996 : teenage portrait , name in black type : denim , hard rock Cafe 's shirt , acne , crimp hair and brace . bzz2zzz2z . a vibration inside the car . dwight open the glove compartment and remove teddy 's cell phone . on the screen : ‘c be back . where R U ?!’ 164 51 . teddy ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through trunk ) what 's that ? I need water . dwight not until I have a gun . dwight set the phone down and return to the yearbook . on the yearbook : under the heading ' jrotc 's , a portrait of a teenager in military fatigue . typed underneath : ' benjamin galicia 's ext . BEN 's mother' house - night 164 a interior door open inward , margaret galicia ( 67 ) stand guardedly behind a screen door . margaret yes ? dwight hi , Mrs. galicia . I be look for Ben . be he still in town ? margaret no , he move a while ago . dwight okay . I be dwight , from Orange High . I just ... margaret oh ! I be so sorry - you have I a little scared . Mr. galicia be already in bed . I do not recognize you , dwight . ( a rush of sympathy ) oh my . dwight deflect with a polite nod . margaret ( cont ’d ) Ben have a house near wyndam . come in , I will write down the address ... Margaret unlock the screen door and dwight follow she inside . 165 52 . int . kitchen - BEN 's mother house - night 165 margaret he move when he get back from Japan . he be deploy ... Margaret lead dwight to the kitchen table . she open she address book on the counter , pick up a phone and dial . dwight oh , he do not know I be come - margaret ( gesture to sit ) oh he 'il be thrilled ... he watch she as the line tone . margaret ( cont ’d ) ( hang up ) he 's not pick up . he work at a concert hall in the city . he 's probably play tonight ... dwight Richmond ? margaret yes . I never remember the name . it 's not a nice place ... she pass a finger along post - its , magnet and photo display on she refrigerator . she slide a business card from under a magnet and bring she address book to the table . dwight watch she pencil information onto the card and into she book . margaret ( cont ’d ) this way ... we can both have everything ... just need this ... for myself ... ( point to the card ) here . this be where he work . ( flipping it ) this be where he life . you can take this ' to go '. a tea kettle whistle . she hand the card over and rise . margaret ( cont ’d ) you might need a map , it 's out of the way , off six twenty four . 166 167 168 53 . dwight I have get a map . thank you . margaret be you in a rush ? dwight sort of . yes , mar 'am . margaret I would offer you tea , otherwise . dwight glance around , and at Margaret . dwight I would love some , Mrs. galicia . margaret oh good ! Ben work late anyway . and they play God awful music ... ext . BEN 's mother house - night 166 through the exterior window : Margaret pour dwight tea in the warm kitchen glow . CUT to : int . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - night 167 pounding from the trunk . dwight speed down the road , patting around he seat . he check the glove box , shut it . he read the address off the business card , look ahead . through the windshield : a highway sign : ' Zion crossroad , fork Union exit 136 's another : ' i64e Richmond 's ext . music venue - night 168 music bellows within a texture concrete building with concert poster hang over black - out window . dwight walk up . 169 170 171 54 . int . entry hallway - music venue - night 169 dwight angle past smoker , along a vinyl rope partition , greet by a rock girl ( 20 ) . rock girl ( over the music ) five dollar . disorient by the throbbing music , he pull crinkle bill from he pocket and hand they over . he continue past the rock girl as she count six singles then yank dwight back . rock girl ( cont 'd ) hold on ... dwight resist as she steady he arm , shove the extra dollar in he hand and stamp it with a black - light logo . he hurry off , inspect it ... on he hand in glowing ink : ' strange matter 's int . MAIN room - music venue - night 170 dwight dip through the crowd to the stage . he check out the band member . nothing . he scan around , lose . int . entry hallway - music venue - night 171 the rock girl roll she eye as dwight timidly approach . dwight excuse I . i’m looking for a band member name BEN . BEN galicia . he’s supposed to be playing tonight ? rock girl yeah . benny ? dwight yes . rock girl he 's here - he work the board . he 's not in the band . dwight that 's fine . when doe he go home ? 172 55 . rock girl around two - thirty or three . dwight I all wait here . rock girl he usually leave out the back . you can't wait here . dwight ( pivote in search ) okay . i’ll wait out around back . rock girl ( point ) out the front and around that way . there 's a alley . dwight thank you . do you think I could have my money back ? I couldn ’t stay in there ... rock girl no , man . you 're gonna need to fuck off ... dwight okay . ext . back alley - music venue - night ( later ) 172 it’s quiet . a band be load up gear into a conversion van . in the red wash of break light , dwight watch they pull out . he 's alone . there 's a dumpster across the alley . he walk over , place he hand on the rim and rise onto tip-to . he peek in - a metal door screech OPEN . dwight wipe he hand on he shirt , observe a large man with long black hair turn down the alley . dwight Ben ? the large man walk on , insulate by heavy metal music coursing through he headphone . dwight follow . 173 174 56 . ext . STREET - night 173 dwight step from the alley , guide by headphone spill . ext . venue parking lot - night 174 the large man unlock he pickup . dwight stop short of the truck , note the numerous military and firearm decal . dwight BEN ! the large man turn , whipping he headphone off , louder around he neck . dwight stand ready with a cautious hand . dwight ( cont 'd ) ben. hey , it 's dwight . Evans . the large man , BEN , walk over , assess the claim . dwight meet he at the tailgate and they shake . BEN wow , bro - you look square . dwight I have be away . Ben nod , wait for more . BEN no shit , man - just peace - the-fuck - out ... he pull out cigarettes , dwight decline and Ben light up . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... same year El duce get hit by a train . ( slap he truck ) yo , I put the first two hundred mile on this thing stapling up you ' miss 's poster . dwight ( strike , ashamed ) never think of that . BEN you sister , man . she be hell bent . then I think a bunch of you parking ticket come in the mail - she call it all off ... 57 . dwight nod , throw off . they listen to headphone crackle . BEN ( cont 'd ) I take off too ! ( lift shirt , show a ' u.s.m.c.’ tattoo ) join up soon as I graduate . nev - Ben cut himself off , cock he head . BEN ( cont 'd ) be ... that you ? ( point back ) by the dumpster ? dwight yeah . BEN yeah ... so should we get beer ? dwight look , I need to warn you that I be here - that I come to you - for a favor . a big one . Ben reach in he jacket , silencing he headphone . BEN sure . what do you need ? dwight I need a gun . and I do not have a lot of time to get it . you be the only person I could trust . BEN whoa . dwight and have gun . BEN ( take a drag ) shit , man - you can pretty much buy one anywhere . dwight I try to get one on my own . I do not have any money - wait ... ( digging crumpled bill from he pocket ) I mean , I have get - but my i.d. be - 175 176 177 58. BEN hold on . be you a junkie , dude ? dwight no . no , I should not have just ... BEN ( realize ) oh , wait . shit . it 's about that time ... Ben give a subtle nod , take another drag . BEN ( cont 'd ) yeah . hop in brother . Ben head to he truck . dwight I should take my car ... BEN you gass up ? I be in the boony . ext . country road - night 175 the bonneville 's headlight project onto kick - up dust from Ben 's truck . the tree-line road vanish into pitch black . ext . BEN 's house - night 176 the two vehicle pull past a shotgun shack up to a single story prefab house . dwight park twenty foot short . int . bedroom - BEN 's house - pre-dawn 177 hallway light click on . Ben lead dwight into the sparse , earthy room , neatly keep if a bit dank . BEN hey - I get something .. dwight what 's that ? Ben open a junk drawer in a old bureau , rifle through it . BEN you remember when James Henry 's brother have the stripper at he party ? at he shop ? 59 . dwight have not think that far back in a while . BEN I get a Polaroid of I and you with the stripper . it 's hilarious - we be both terrify . dwight Ben . I need to hurry . Ben nod , shove the drawer close , turn to two metal locker along the wall . dwight ( cont 'd ) do you hunt ? BEN very little . Ben pull a magnetic BOX from behind a locker , shaking out keys and turn they in the lock . BEN ( cont 'd ) more into target shoot . what do you need it for ? dwight I have rather ... BEN oh - no , man . the less I know , the better . what do you need out of the gun . at range ? Close quarter ? dwight stand at a loss as Ben swing open the door . BEN ( cont 'd ) Close up or far away ? dwight probably close . I do not know . hopefully not at all . BEN Roger that . see what I have get ... ( run he hand along the rack ) a enfield mark three , circuit judge , a mosin ... he pull out a vintage bolt - action rifle , feel the weight . 60 . BEN ( cont 'd ) ..- which be my current favorite . bolt action , heavy , and the surplus ammo be cheap . he set it on the bed and wipe he nose . BEN ( cont 'd ) the AK , mossberg - might be a bit much . what do you weigh ? dwight do not know . BEN ... the sterling might jam up on you . Ben pull out a vintage sub machine gun . BEN ( cont 'd ) it will clear a room , though . ah. he replace the sub machine gun , remove a bulky automatic pistol from the cabinet . BEN ( cont 'd ) I pick this up this year . steyr nineteen-twelve . shoot it 's own nine mile cartridge , great shape - but you gotta load it slide - back with a stripper clip . dwight nothing that 's special to you - the least expensive , as long as it work ... BEN the World War I and ii model be bring - back - no papers , no import mark . but you do not want a bolt - action ... dwight stew in ignorance . Ben read it , select a mini - 14 rifle . BEN ( cont 'd ) here . the Mini fourteen . gunshow - no papers . it 's a carbine - that just mean it 's short . semi-auto - it fire every time you pull the trigger - twenty round . very reliable . plus , I get ammo here . 61 . Ben expertly load a clip and assume a fire position , he trigger finger extend against the guard . BEN ( cont 'd ) recognize it ? dwight shake ' no '. BEN ( cont 'd ) it 's the a - team gun . from the show . they 's be stainless ... Ben present the rifle . dwight grab it , but Ben hold firm . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( nodd ) what 's up with that ? dwight follow Ben 's gaze to a blood stain on he shirt and pant . dwight oh , that 's not - it 's from a arrow . it 's stitched up . BEN not so well , huh . Ben let go of the rifle . dwight feel the weight . BEN ( cont 'd ) so then , you be already in this ? dwight yes . Ben lock eye with sincere concern . BEN because I be just blow smoke up you ass , bro . prepare a speech in my head to stop you from whatever crazy shit you be about to do . dwight it 's already do ... BEN think about call the cop . dwight please do not . not yet . I do not have a speech - just please trust I . 178 62. BEN I do , bro . but I can not send you off like this . I could teach you . cqb , man ! surprise , speed , violence of action ... dwight I just need somewhere quiet right now . BEN I have get sixteen acre . follow the road we come in on ' till it end - you will see the target . dwight thanks . BEN you right hand ? dwight nod ' yes 's . BEN ( cont 'd ) Real quick . keep the safety off . wherever you eye look , the gun follow . and keep you distance - or it can get sloppy . dwight I know . you ever kill anyone ? BEN ( shutting the locker ) two on purpose . dwight ( nodd thoughtfully ) can I get a thing of water ? ext . seclude area - BEN 's property - early morning 178 a dead end clear litter with sandbags , traffic cone , shot - up target and a rotting picnic table . a field of tall grass flank one side . close - up : a water bottle be place on grass . on dwight , rise with the mini - 14 rifle , like a seven year old about to jump off the high - dive for the first time . on the trunk of the bonneville . 179 180 63. int . / ext . bonneville - seclude area - early morning 179 the passenger door hang open . dwight take a knee , stretch in to unlatch the glove box . he pocket the cell phone , draw a breath and pop the trunk . ext . bonnevile - seclude area - early morning 180 dwight scurries to the trunk as it 's push up by teddy , emerge disorient in a sheen of filth and sweat . dwight stay in the trunk . teddy swallow air , squinting in the daylight , see the rifle train on he chest . teddy ( hoarse ) that 's easy , my leg be break . dwight stand mute , the bottle of water by he foot . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( weakly snap he finger ) that for I ? dwight wiggle a firmer grip around the rifle . dwight be you come for I or for she ? teddy who ? dwight you come to my sister 's house . who be you come for ? teddy look , man . you . dwight then how come you do not just call the police ? send I to jail ? teddy same as you . keeping it ' in-house 's . dwight toss the water bottle , teddy snatch it from the air , uncap it and chug ... 64 . dwight what if I surrender ? teddy raise he eyebrow , chugge . he empty the bottle and toss it to the ground . teddy ( ecstatic breath ) I accept . dwight please , dammit . to the police - I will plead guilty . teddy you do not get to do what you do and just lock yourself up . shit , I would give you prop if he be not my brother . or if he have it come . dwight if Wade do not deserve it , then nobody ever have . teddy rub he face , look off . dwight ( cont 'd ) which one be you , again ? teddy teddy . dwight and who be the boy in the limousine ? teddy you totale it . that 's my livelihood ... dwight wait patiently for the answer . teddy ( cont 'd ) just a boy . not a concern . dwight when I let he out , he say something about Wade . that he do not hurt anyone ... teddy yeah , well - ( chuckle ) coupla dead negroe might disagree . ( more ) 65 . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( unsmile ) he just mean Wade do not kill you parent . dwight not true . teddy well that settles it , then . dwight anxiously find a new stance , flush red . teddy ( cont 'd ) that 's how this work , man . the one with the gun get to tell the truth . Problem be , you do not know shit . dwight tell I . teddy ( quiet , taunting ) I should have do the time . dwight ( raise the rifle ) be you say you kill they ? teddy nope . dwight forget this . dwight click the safety , take aim at teddy 's arm . teddy ( flinching , blurt ) what ‘er you tryin' to do ?! what ’er you tryin 's to do !? dwight squeezy the trigger - pang ! - and miss . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( exhilated ) hot damn ! Fish in a barrel ! dwight stop it ! teddy settles , suppress a smug grin . 66 . dwight ( cont 'd ) whatever you be say , say it . teddy I do not do it . Wade do not do it . we father , Big Wade , shot you dad . as be he right . dwight his right ? teddy you do not fuck with a man 's wife . his family . dwight whatever my dad do , he do with you mom . they make a mistake . togeth - teddy shit 's not a mistake . dwight whatever it be , both my parent be dead - teddy you dad get what he deserve . you mom be just in the car - that be a fuckup . i’1l give you that ... dwight I do not want you opinion on thing . if it 's true about Wade - why do he ...? teddy Big Wade have cancer . we could not let he die in prison . I would have do the time , but I have two strike . would have be life with no parole . Little Wade could take a plea ... you smoke ? teddy watch intently as dwight , lose in think , let the rifle barrel drift downward . dwight pull out the cell phone . dwight call they . teddy who 's they ? the cop ? 67 . dwight you family . teddy gesture for the phone . dwight cautiously lob it over , teddy catch it and check the screen . teddy what do you want I to say ? dwight we be all go to meet up - somewhere public - and it 's go to end . teddy okay . he dial and wait . dwight do not say my name and do not say anything about a gun . we be in kentucky . teddy ( surveying ) you ever be to kentucky ? dwight blink , re-focus down the rifle sight . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( into cell phone ) it 's I . call I back . now . ( to dwight ) not pick up . May I call the house ? dwight nod he approval . teddy dial and wait . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hey . yeah - shut up . I be fine ... just my leg . I be with he , he 's here . not now , he want to meet - fine . I will try , but we just go through it. ( to dwight ) she want to talk to you . dwight who ? teddy my sister . she 's bossy ... 68. dwight throw it . teddy pivot the phone in he hand , tweak its position . teddy I would - the signal 's weak . we can not blow this - just take it ... he extend the phone with one hand . teddy ( cont 'd ) it 's fine . you can point that thing right at my face . I be not move . dwight turn around . look away . teddy shift he weight around , look back into the trunk . teddy keep you finger on the trigger ... dwight approach , two hand grip the rifle , point it directly at the back of teddy 's head . teddy ( cont 'd ) it 's over as far as I be concerned . ( towards the phone ) you hear that , sis ? dwight reach for the phone , step on the discard water bottle . crunch . teddy ( cont 'd ) .-- do not go start any shit - teddy whip from he core , arm sweeping broadly around , deflect the gun barrel as dwight fire into the trunk . patang ! teddy launch from the trunk and tackle dwight to the ground , elbowing he hard to the face . teddy snatch the gun and slam the phone into dwight 's stunned face . teddy ( cont 'd ) there 's nobody home , stupid fuck ! they be huntin’ ... he back off fast , rise with the gun . 69 . teddy ( cont 'd ) yes . fuck ! my fuck leg be asleep ... teddy wobble back to the rear bumper and sit . he pull the slide handle and eject a cartridge . dwight grimace , he jaw tremble ... dwight I will die . I should . but my sister never do anything . just tell I ... teddy you bet . I get the gun , you get the truth . but not to satisfy you fuck curiosity , dwight . teddy rise and hover over dwight with a cold stare . teddy ( cont 'd ) just know that the man who kill you parent do not die by you hand . he smoke and he drank and he - guess he do not fuck cuz of the cancer - but he watch all he favorite tv show and he die a free man . you will die like you whore father do ... ... shot in the fuck face . or first do you wanna open up that belly ? see you gut steam ? teddy raise the m - 14 barrel to dwight 's stomach . dwight drown in dread . teddy ( cont 'd ) must have a little in there since you take Wade from we . ( quiet , sinister ) and for that , you sister and though - swip . the AIR between they be disturbed violently . dwight and teddy share confusion . koosh . a distant thunder sound . teddy look to the far tree line , search . dwight look to teddy as he head smack apart at the base of the neck and jaw . 70 . koosh . another thunder sound as teddy 's body collapse to the side . dwight -.-wait . dwight sit up , face smatter with blood , find where teddy 's eye be train . BEN be walking briskly across the field aiming he mosin bolt - action rifle . wearing camouflage hunt overall , he eject a shell and load the chamber . BEN ( echoing across the field ) just the one ? dwight nod ' yes 's , he chest heaving . Ben be too far for subtle gesture . dwight ( echoing back ) yes . Ben safeties he weapon , still bridge the distance . BEN sorry . couldn't shoot ' till he aimed at you . have to be legal - on my end at least . Ben reach the clear , pull the clip and set the mosin on the picnic table . dwight his head ... BEN that 's what bullet do . dwight watch in awe as Ben scoops the mini-14 from the ground , pop the clip and safeties it beside the mosin . BEN ( cont 'd ) Jesus man , I be not impressed . told you to keep you distance - you miss from two yard ? Ben grab teddy 's corpse under the armpit , wait for dwight . BEN ( cont 'd ) let 's go man . I have like he off my property . c’mon. 71 . dwight dust off and grab the corpse by the ankle . they lift and carry . BEN ( cont 'd ) this Wade cleland ? dwight ( strain ) his older brother . Wade 's already dead . BEN ( notice the blood ) wipe you face off . he 's probably get hepatitis . they drop the body in the open trunk . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( be : teddy 's cell phone ) pick that up , throw it in here . dwight do as he 's tell . BEN ( cont 'd ) do not forget to wipe it down before you get rid of it . you get the key ? dwight check he pocket and nod ' yes 's . BEN ( cont 'd ) show ‘em to I . dwight present the key . Ben shut the trunk firmly . dwight ( point ) what about the rest of he head ? there 's brain tissue and cartilage in the nearby grass . BEN coyotes will get that . ( second look ) Long as there 's no tooth ... dwight ( wiping face with shirt ) they will not let it end . not now . BEN yeah , well . I be switch you to buckshot . 181 182 72 . ext . seclude area - BEN 's property - later 181 a crude stack of jugs and crate blows apart . dwight fire a circuit judge revolving rifle . he lower the barrel , pop the cylinder and toss the spend shell , look to ben. BEN it 's do not have the stop power of a twelve gauge - but you seem comfortable with it . dwight nod , drift . Ben swap gun as dwight tune out . BEN ( cont 'd ) shoot slug too - but you would not hit anything . only five shot though , so the steyr be you secondary - backup . another eight round , and stop power - Ben step to dwight until he wander eye make contact . BEN ( cont 'd ) this be personal , I know . but that 's how you will fail . no talk . no speech . if you point the gun , you shoot the gun . dwight nod . ext . driveway - BEN 's house - day 182 dwight and Ben load the gun and a pack in the bonneville . BEN this should do you . dwight where 's the close car repair ? BEN well , once you be back to the main road - close one 's about 20 mile . but that 's east . I assume you be head west . it 's just a gas station , though - watcha need ? 183 184 73. dwight it all be fine . but do you have some food I could take ? ( hold he belly ) think I be go to pass out ... BEN yeah , man . dwight watch Ben double time it to the house . int . kitchen - BEN 's house - day ( continuous ) 183 Ben pile snack from cabinet into a shopping bag . from a pantry he pull packet of vacuum sealed food . ext . BEN 's house - day ( moment later ) 184 dwight shut the bonneville 's door and turn to Ben , approach with the grocery bag . BEN threw a few mre in there . dwight accept the bag and hand Ben the old yearbook . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( flipping through ) Nice ! I lose mine , or shot it up ... dwight I wish I do not bring all this to you . BEN ( close yearbook ) it 's come and go . plus , I be glad you do . you would be dead otherwise . dwight you know what I mean . BEN if it be my family , I might do the same . I do not know . but I be not help ' cause this be right . this be ugly , man . the two stand in silence , acknowledge the weight . 185 186 187 74 . dwight hey . if you ever do come across that Polaroid - of we with the stripper - Ben smile . dwight ( cont 'd ) do I a favor ? BEN yeah ? dwight destroy it ? Ben 's smile fade . BEN okay . int . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - day 185 dwight drive west , squinting peacefully into the sun , wind from open window scatter he hair . on the radio : he power it up and scan station . a local oldie station crackle through the speaker . on the back seat floor : wind whip a canvas tarp off the gun . close up : tracking along the rifle barrel , the tarp flapping loose , revealing a heavy duty car battery . CUT to : int . pickup truck - BEN 's house - day 186 the truck cab be pack with hunting gear . Ben tuck two rifle case behind the seat and turn the ignition . the engine doesn ’t turn over , not even a click . he pull the hood latch and hop out . ext . pickup truck - BEN 's house - day ( continuous ) 187 Ben lift the hood , revealing a empty battery tray with loose hanging connector cable . 188 189 190 191 192 193 75 . BEN ha. ext . roadside diner - day 188 the oldie song remains . the bonneville pull into the lot of a greasy spoon cafe 's . int . roadside diner - day 189 the oldie song remains . dwight unfold a paper napkin at a booth . before he , a cheap steak and a glass of red wine . int . bedroom - BEN 's house - day 190 Ben return rifle to they locker , look off ... int . bonneville ( moving ) - highway - day 191 the oldie song surge . back on the road , dwight head into the horizon . int . kitchen - BEN 's house - day 192 flash of blinding blue light with melting , bubbling layer . it 's a polaroid picture burning in a microwave . Ben lean against the kitchen counter , watch the show with a tall - boy in hand . he drink . ext . highway shoulder - day 193 the oldie song be drowned by harsh wind and passing traffic . dwight lean against the bonneville , vomiting on the road . low string build . 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 76 . ext . rural central virginia - day 194 a panoramic view of roll - hill country . ext . hilly road - afternoon 195 the bonneville turn off the main road and up a incline . ext . bonneville ( moving ) - hilly road - afternoon 196 on the car wheel , from cracked pavement to RAW dirt . ext . wood - afternoon 197 dwight back the bonneville into a off road clear . int . bonneville - wood - afternoon 198 dwight darken . he cut the engine . from the back seat : dwight open the rear door and gather he weapon . on the keys , still dangling in the ignition , as dwight shut the door and pass the window . he place a fallen branch against the car , shading the interior . then another . ext . front gate - cleland property - afternoon 199 a narrow , rutte road lead to a weathered brick entrance with a iron gate secure by a heavy chain and padlock . a wear , hand paint plaque read : ' cleland 's ext . fence - cleland property - afternoon 200 dwight slide the circuit judge rifle and the steyr pistol under a low , twisted fence . he toss he backpack over and straddle the sagging wire , roll over and off ... .«.- he shoe hit the dirt onto cleland property . ext . wood - cleland property - afternoon 201 tracking with dwight , traversing dense wood , rifle in hand . 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 77 . ext . tree line - afternoon 202 dwight crouch , get the lay of the land . a rustic single story house sit in a half acre clear . a two - car garage lie beyond , its door obstruct by a boat trailer park on sink concrete . four generation 's worth of artifact clutter the property . ext . cleland home - afternoon 203 wide , from afar , dwight start towards the quiet house . ext . backyard - cleland home - afternoon 204 dwight round the back with train eye , move past a old tow truck , its load cover in blue tarp . the back screen door , framed in wood . dwight lean close , listen inside . he crack it open , turn the interior door handle . locked . ext . side of house - cleland home - afternoon 205 dwight hug the mossy siding , ducking under a window . he set the rifle down , cupping the glass for a view . ext . cleland home - afternoon 206 dwight stalk towards the front door . a distant noise . he pivot to the wood and listen . int . cleland home - afternoon 207 through a window , dwight appear , squinting into the dark interior cast in green from surround foliage . ext . backyard - cleland home - afternoon 208 dwight open the back screen door , widen he stance and violently kick the interior door . the screen smack he back with each loud impact . 209 78 . the door hold firm . spook by he fail breach , dwight clear out , the screen door slamming behind he . he scamper behind the tow truck and ready the rifle , he grip arm rest on a fender . rifle sight on the back door ... nobody come . he turn to the tarp behind the truck , weight by a cinder block . he kick it over and lift the tarp . under the tarp : the white limousine wreckage , scorched and half - cannibalize . thunk . dwight plant the cinder block , prop open the screen door . he lean the rifle by the frame and back off . with a run start , dwight deliver a powerful kick . the interior door cave inward several inches and the frame come loose . he back up further and run ... int . cleland home - afternoon ( continuous ) 209 the back door smashes OPEN and the frame give . the rifle barrel push inside , dwight guide it . hand held with dwight as he search : down a hallway . it 's musty and dark , thick drape block the daylight . through the narrow kitchen with junk food wrappers and date appliance . into the dine area with a oval table , three ashtray , chair pile with newspaper and a wood laminate credenza . through the live room , past a feline scratching post , a corduroy couch , coffee table , recliner and a oversize projection tv . into the master bedroom with a queen bed , stuffed animal and a cot . back out and down a hallway , ducking in and out of a bathroom , past a ironing board against the wall . 210 211 212 213 79 . into a second bedroom with two double beds , a small television and a game console ... and back into the hallway - the full tour . dwight lower the rifle in the light of the doorway . ext . garage - cleland home - afternoon 210 dwight crash the rifle butt through the glass of the side door . he reach in , unlatch the dead bolt . int . garage - cleland home - afternoon 211 dwight move through a mudroom stack with box , swinging he rifle into the garage . scatter limousine part , tool , a refrigerator , and a full size mattress and BOX spring . blood splatter above the baseboard bleed through fresh wall paint . on the floor lie a roller , a aluminum tray and a can of white paint . on dwight , turn to the near wall ... over he shoulder : half a dozen rifle on rack , encase in the glass of a antique cabinet . there be two empty rack in the case . his shoulder sink , gaze at the arsenal before he . he turn a key in the lock and the door drift open . he turn to the bed . atop a milk crate ' end table 's be scrap of tin - foil , bottle cap and a cloudy glass pipe . dwight pull the top sheet from the mattress . ext . garage - cleland home - afternoon 212 dwight back out the side door drag the bedsheet , the clatter gun wrap inside . int . live room - cleland home - afternoon 213 dwight open the drape , cross-light stagnant dust . 80. he unhook three antique rifle hang above the television . he run he hand under the couch . he pull open a side table drawer . with a knee to the floor , he search the credenza . he stand , notice a blinking answering machine on top . he hit ' play 's . CHRIS ( on answering machine ) teddy , check in . we take the truck . headed to the shore , leave you the map and you charge . William be with Sherri . she be not happy about all this . might need to do something about she too . this be a fuck mess . erase this if you get it . we will pick William up on the way back . should be there Thursday night . I hope to God you be not dead . erase this if you get it . beep . dwight find the phone charger and map on the dining table . it 's he map from the bonneville , with a line from delaware to Virginia . teddy & dwight ( on answering machine ) ( muffle , wind whipped ) teddy : ...he 's here . no. listen . not now , he want to meet - fine . i’1ll try , but we have already be through it . she want to talk to you . dwight : who ? teddy : my sister . she 's bossy ... dwight : throw it ... teddy : shit . the signal 's weak . I do not want to blow this - just take it . it 's fine . you can point that thing right at my face . I be not move . dwight : turn around . look away . teddy : keep you finger on the trigger ... it 's over as far as I be concerned . you hear that , sis ? do not go start any shit - a overmodulated scuffle teddy : there 's nobody home , stupid fuck ! they be hun - click . beep . dwight have he finger on the ' stop 's button . he press ' play all 's and continue search ... 214 215 81 . click . beep . teddy ( on answering machine ) hey , when you be home stay there . have to swap out a tire to tow she four down - hitched up now , should be there by eight or nine . we will take he car . call I on my cell . and keep Carl in check . beep . int . master bedroom - cleland home - afternoon 214 dwight circle the bed , check under the mattress . female voice ( on answering machine ) hello . this be officer downey with Community correction call to reach Wade cleland ... he slide open a bedside drawer and remove a nickel plate revolver . he test the weight and tuck it in he belt . female voice ( on answering machine ) ( cont 'd ) you have a post release and urinalysis schedule this morning which you do not attend , I be gonna need you to contact I immediately and make that up this week to avoid a violation . do not wanna start off on the wrong foot ... black . a closet door open , dwight push aside hang clothes : vacuum cleaner , stuffed animal , lot of reeboks . female voice ( on answering machine ) ( cont 'd ) you can reach I at four three four , two nine five , seven one nine four , Community correction , probation and parole District 9 . Officer downey . beep . int . 2 nd bedroom - cleland home - afternoon 215 dwight check the mattress . one bed be messy , tuck in a corner with a metal frame and headboard . 216 217 218 219 82 . the other a AIR mattress with press sheet and a carton of cigarettes by the pillow . carl ( on answering machine ) pick up . pick up ! she be not there - he be . pick up ... dwight 's eye settle on a homemade banner drape above the door frame with letter draw in marker : ' welcome Home Wade !!!’ carl ( on answering machine ) ( cont 'd ) .-- I be not say anything on this , but I need a ride and teddy be not with - click . beep . ext . backyard - cleland home - afternoon 216 the bedsheet lie open by the back door . dwight toss the hang antique onto the heap of gun . ext . hill - cleland home - afternoon 217 dwight drag the bedsheet down a incline , come upon a low , rusted gate border a crude grave site . limestone memorial , granite headstone and slab of slate sit shade by a tree , crooked from its root . near the edge , freshly churn dirt with dried wild flowers and a liquor bottle in place of a stone . ext . wood - cleland property - late afternoon 218 dwight shovel dirt under a canopy of tree . he pull the bedsheet of gun into the ditch and fill it in . he walk over loose dirt , pack it down . int . kitchen - cleland home - late afternoon 219 glisten with muddy sweat , dwight pull a cup from a cabinet , fill it from the tap and chugge water . he refill it . 220 221 222 223 224 83. ext . grave site - cleland home - late afternoon 220 on the fresh grave , pushing past it , moving toward a granite headstone : ' WADE marshal cleland sr . 's urine desecrate the grave . a healthy amount of it . int . live room hallway - cleland home - evening 221 on the welcome mat , dwight prop a glass jar of coin , tack and hardware against the front door . he take shelter behind a pile furniture bunker , brace against the wall , he rifle barrel rest on a couch pillow . dwight wait patiently in the dark . ext . cleland home - night 222 the busy drone of night creature . pushing in on the pitch black house . int . live room hallway - night 223 dwight 's heavy , drift eye . hum ... tick - the live room lamp throws warm light and deep shadow in every direction . dwight spring up with he weight against the wall . his eye sharpen , he breath ease - in through the nose , out through the mouth . the rifle be train steadily on the door . he hunt for a trace of sound or motion . but there be none . he step in for a better angle of view . still no trace . he duck past the window and drop down . int . kitchen - cleland home - night ( continuous ) 224 dwight crawl through the kitchen and out the back door . 225 226 227 84 . ext . cleland home - night 225 dwight jog in a crouch around the house , sweeping with he eye through the rifle sight . he line - up the front porch . nothing but night . int . live room - cleland home - night 226 dwight enter from the kitchen , approach the phantom lamp . he drop to all four and trace the lamp cord to a outlet . between the plug and socket be a SMALL beige device , like a thermostat , but mark with hour instead of degree . written in brown font : ' intermatic time -all 's it 's set for 9 pm . from he low vantage point , dwight notice a stack of book under the coffee table . he pull out two dusty vinyl photo album . he cock he head and listen . then settles on the floor against the recliner and flip through ... the photo album : a photo timeline of the cleland . vintage black and white , fade color print and stain Polaroid . from stoic , depression era hunter to teddy and he limousine . pelt and gun . a man and a woman . the man sick . the woman pregnant . the woman with a baby , other wear black . a young boy beside a slain deer , with indifferent eye ... int . live room - cleland home - early morning 227 dwight sit asleep on the floor against the recliner , the album across he lap . the lamp 's warm glow clash against the morning blue . hum ... tick . the lamp turn off . dwight wake in the cold light . 228 229 230 231 232 233 85 . int . 2 nd bedroom - cleland home - morning 228 dwight pull the bedsheet off the air mattress , set the cigarette carton back on top . ext . wood - cleland property - morning 229 tracking with dwight , back through the wood , the sheet over he shoulder . ext . bonneville - wood - morning 230 pushing in on the bonneville , half camouflage with branch . on the trunk as it unlatch and bob . dwight lift it open , wince at the escape smell . he spread the bedsheet on the ground , hold he breath and lunge into the trunk , grapple with teddy' body until it slump over the edge and onto the sheet . dwight gasp upward for air , pocket teddy 's cell phone and shut the trunk . he wrap the body . ext . fence - cleland property - morning 231 dwight struggle with the body , catch in the fence by its own weight . ext . wood - cleland property - late morning 232 dwight drag the body by the bedsheet , tear and muddy with blood pool at one end . he 's exhaust , sweat profusely . ext . grave site - cleland home - day 233 on dwight 's face , as he shovel dirt . on the grave he 's digging , by the edge of the gated plot . wider , dwight stand in the ditch , hip at ground level . he pull the body into the grave . on dwight 's face , as he shovel . 234 235 236 86 . a muffled pulse stop he mid swing . again , clearly now - a telephone ring . int . live room - cleland home - day 234 on the phone . dwight stomp to a halt , catch he breath as the answering machine engage . teddy' voice ( v.o. ) ( answer machine ) you have reach the cleland residence - drop it like it 's hot . beep . dead AIR . four numeric tone . dwight tense . answering machine ( electronic menu voice ) you have - no - new message . you have - five - save me - three numeric tone . dwight step closer with wide eye . answering machine ( cont ’d ) ( electronic menu voice ) you have - no-message . a sustained dial tone ... click . dwight stare , shake . he fish in he pocket , set teddy 's phone on the dining table and plug in the charge . fumble with the power connector , dwight scowl until the phone chirp affirmative . ext . grave site - day 235 dwight wiggle a slab of rock flush with the dirt . he paint ' teddy 's on it with the roller and tray . int . live room hallway - cleland home - day 236 dwight swing he rifle in the hallway , testing the width . 237 238 239 240 241 242 87 . int . master bedroom —- cleland home - day 237 dwight shut the closet door and pinch the drape , reach through they to open the bottom window pane . he kneel behind the bed . rifle sight through the door , into the live room hall . int . 2 nd bedroom - cleland home - day 238 dwight close the drape and turn on a table lamp , leave the door slightly ajar . int . hallway - cleland home - day 239 dwight step to the irone board against the wall . he move it aside and discover a narrow doorway into a utility area . int . utility area - cleland home - day 240 dwight enter the dark and pull a hang chain . a fluorescent light warm up , flicker above a compact wash machine and utility sink . dried blood coat the sink rim , a bag of soile clothes sit on the washer . a silver charm necklace dangle from a wire shelf . int . live room - cleland home - afternoon 241 on the cellphone , atop the dining table . it chirp again , the charge unplugge . dwight rise behind it . he disconnect the phone and arrange the charge on the table as he find it beside the map . he dial a number on teddy 's cell phone , refer to a label on the house phone . he wait . the house phone ring ... the answer machine click and spews shrill audio feedback . ext . back yard - cleland home - afternoon 242 dwight stand thirty foot from the house , the phone press to he ear , wait for a beep . 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 88. dwight ( into phone ) hello . it 's I ... int . live room - cleland home - evening 243 on the welcome mat : dwight remove the glass jar from against the door . int . live room hallway - cleland home - evening 244 low , brooding string . the furniture bunker be go . dwight tuck to the wall and sink to the floor , the rifle in he lap . ext . cleland home - evening 245 fireflies blink in the brush as the house darken . ext . wood - cleland property - evening 246 the night sky envelope the surround wood . the low string build . ext . wood - cleland property - night 247 Black tree sway . ext . front gate - cleland property - night 248 through the rusted gate , headlight appear around a bend and skip off the dirt . the string intensify . int . live room - cleland home - night 249 extreme close -up , the internal mechanism of a low tech electronic device . rotating plastic around simple wiring . a familiar buzz ... click . the phantom lamp illuminate . down the hall , dwight wait . 89 . the distant clink of a gate . the rumble of tire . dwight bring he knee to he chest , he foot flat against the carpet . he pull out teddy 's cell phone , press a button and wait . outside , a vehicle pull up . dwight back into the dark , press another button . the house phone ring . muffled voice outside . running feet . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) it 's the phone ! carl ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) move ! keys clank against the door . the door latch OPEN : carl , CHRIS , and hope burst through ... on dwight , shadow out of view , quietly close the phone and slip it away . the ringing stop as the trio reach the phone . carl ( cont 'd ) fuck ! CHRIS there 's a message ! hope go. play it ! Chris press ' play '. on dwight , down the hallway , drip sweat . he raise the circuit judge rifle , find a firm grip . Chris , hope and Carl gather around the table , listen intently to the message . they 're all in he sight . click . beep . 90 . dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) hello . it 's I . dwight Evans ... carl mother fucker ! hope shut the fuck up ! dwight ( on answering machine ) Wade be dead . teddy be dead too . he tell I everything . I think . Chris weep . Carl blurt but hope slap he quiet . dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) I do not kill he - well , I guess I do . it do not matter . by my count that 's two of yours and two of mine . I do not know how this end , but I would like it to , uh ... or it can keep go . I just need my sister to be leave out if this - carl ( erupting ) that 's why we 're go to pittsburgh you sona - boom ! carl 's chest pop OPEN , splatter blood on the answering machine and across the dine area . Carl keel over yelling through clenched teeth as dwight step from the shadow . hope what the fuck be you ?!! CHRIS that 's he ! dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) I have teddy 's phone . dwight aim and fire . boom . a miss . the bulk of the buckshot splinter the table , some of it graze hope , her sleeve tearing with bloody mist . dwight ( quick , instinctual ) sorry . he check he AIM and blows another hole in carl 's side . 91 . hope we 're gonna fucking kill you ! dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) you will find he body in the yard with some family . dwight nod , show tooth . Carl slump in the corner . dwight wish you woulda ... he aim , alternate between Chris and hope . dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) call it if you want to talk this through ... tear flow down dwight 's flushed face . dwight ( tremble ) you people ... dwight 's voice ( on answering machine ) sorry to bother you at home . click . beep . Chris look to the wall above the television . dwight gun be go . buried they . he show the nickel plate revolver tuck in he belt . dwight ( cont 'd ) this one too . Chris look to the recliner . hope turn she head ever so slightly , eye drift to the front door : through the front door : out of dwight 's view stand the boy , grasp he hand hold video game console . he creep backward towards the parked truck . CHRIS ( 0.s. ) do not shoot we . dwight ( 0.s. ) I have be here a while . wait . 92 . the Boy delicately open the cab door and remove a double barrel shotgun from a gun rack . dwight ( cont 'd ) try to think of reason not to do this - to end you family . there 's a thousand . but there 's one why I should . hope Fine . we will leave she out . dwight look up from he sight . dwight how can - — boom . dwight be thrown back several feet by the impact from the shotgun blast , he rifle drop to the ground . dwight defiantly attempt to stand , bleed from he rib . hope go ! blow he head off ! the Young Boy walk in closer as dwight stagger to he foot . CHRIS kill he , william . hope ( to dwight ) you whole family will die ... the Young Boy , William , shake he head ' no 's as Chris step towards the door . william ( cry , still walk ) I do not want to . as William approach , dwight grab the circuit judge from the floor and swing it like a sword , sweeping and smacking the barrel of william 's shotgun . boom . plaster from the ceiling rain down on dwight and william . Chris reach the recliner in a crouch as dwight put she in he sight . dwight stop . Chris stand slowly . 93. hope hold she bleed arm , exude pure hatred . William stand stunne with a loose grip on the shotgun . on the shotgun : two smoking barrel , two triggers . dwight ( cont 'd ) ( calmly , to William ) I do not know much about gun . but I think I have more bullet than you . hope don't kill he . dwight ( to hope ) if he die tonight , you father kill he . you father kill everyone here . dwight lift he shirt , expose the gushing hole in he side . dwight ( cont 'd ) ( calmly , to William ) I think you do you job , William . I still gotta finish up , though . fast , I think . William look around the room . dread everywhere . settle into shock , dwight watch he shotgun wound bleed . dwight ( cont 'd ) it 's funny - hurt less than the ...uh , arrow ... hope nod to William . he back towards the door . dwight ( cont 'd ) ( calmly , to William ) leave the gun . you can just wipe it off ... my car be down the road , off in the wood a little . it 's dark though . Chris nervously shift she weight as William run past and out the door , gun still in hand . dwight , hope and Chris stand listen to the PAT of william feet against the dirt road . until they stand in silence . 94 . dwight ( cont 'd ) he 's my Father 's son ? Chris and hope find each other 's eye . dwight ( cont 'd ) teddy tell I about the cancer . Big Wade . CHRIS ( quiet , furious ) do not you mention they name . dwight pull out the nickel plate revolver and set it on the window ledge to he side . dwight you know what 's awful ? he raise the circuit judge . dwight ( cont 'd ) just because my dad and you Mom love each other ? we all end up dead ... eye glisten , lip tremble , dwight lower the barrel . CHRIS dive for the recliner , slap the wooden lever on the side , extending the foot rest . hope ahhhhhhhh ! hope charge dwight . dwight aim and fire . boom . hope 's leg spews bloody chunks - it doesn ’t slow her down one bit . underneath the recliner 's extended footrest : a homemade wooden gun compartment reinforced with duct tape : CHRIS pull out a tec-9 machine pistol , unloading the 30 round clip at dwight . ptrdddddddddddd .... on dwight , rather calm . aiming ... the furniture and wood paneled wall behind he be riddle with bullet as hope flail closer . dwight blast a hole in CHRIS 's shoulder , shatter the lamp by the door . illuminated by rapid gunfire : the bullet spray from CHRIS 's tec-9 rip apart hope 's back as she reach dwight . 250 251 252 253 95 . on dwight , calmly firing . ext . cleland home - night 250 William watch from the dark wood hold the shotgun . the cleland home be ablaze in gunfire . within second , it fall quiet . William turn to the front gate , toss the shotgun before disappear into the darkness . just the drone of that busy night creature . int . live room - cleland home - night ( continuous ) 251 the drone carry inside . the room be a dark , bloody mess . close on dwight . he set he chin atop the window sill , unable to focus he gaze beyond the glass pane . with heavy breath , he tuck he neck until he forehead rest on the sill and he eye stare down at the shag carpet . dwight ( gurgle ) key be in the car . the key be -.. in the car ... his word be overtaken by blood . ext . cleland home - night 252 the cleland property sit still in the night . can not see dwight . ext . suburban neighborhood - morning 253 a tranquil suburban soundscape . kide on bicycle pass a bent carbon arrow by a sewer drain . another arrow , embedded in a oak tree . just behind it , a oblivious neighbor clean he gutter . 254 255 256 96 . ext . side yard - ranch house - morning 254 on the garbage : dwight 's cardboard BOX sit atop the pile along with a few bird dropping . int . ranch house - morning 255 in the kitchen : the tape up cardboard on the back window . under the dine table : the garden weeder lie in a pool of sunlight . the SOUND of someone approaching from outside . on the front door : the mail slot swing open , flutter daylight as a stack of mail shove through . on the floor : SAM 's house keys , 4 day worth of junk mail , and a postcard , with a draw of Thomas jefferson 's home and outline block letter fill - in with image of lighthouse , waterfall , blue mountain and tree . it read : ' greeting from Virginia : the Old Dominion State 's CUT to black . 256