Sony picture classics present in association with gravier production a perdido production Blue jasmine written and directed by Woody Allen rate pg - 13 | 98 minute | release date 07/26/2013 ( NY / LA ) East Coast publicity 42 West Scott feinstein 220 West 42nd Street 12th floor New York , NY 10036 212-277-7555 West Coast publicity block korenbrot Max buschman Jennifer malone tami Kim 110 S. fairfax Ave , # 310 Los Angeles , CA 90036 323-634-7001 Tel 323-634-7030 fax distributor Sony picture classics carmelo pirrone alison farber 550 madison Ave New York , NY 10022 212-833-8833 Tel 212-833-8844 fax blue jasmine star ( in alphabetical order ) hal alec baldwin jasmine cate blanchett Al louis c.k. chili bobby cannavale augie '' andrew dice clay Ginger sally hawkins dwight peter sarsgaard Dr. flicker michael stuhlbarg co-star ( in alphabetical order ) jasmine 's friend Jane tammy blanchard Eddie max casella Danny alden ehrenreich filmmaker writer / director woody allen Producers letty aronson stephen tenenbaum edward walson co- producer helen robin executive Producers co- executive producer director of photography production designer editor costume Design caste leroy schecter adam B. stern jack rollins javier aguirresarobe asc santo loquasto alisa lepselter a.c.e . suzy benzinger juliet taylor patricia dicerto blue jasmine synopsis after everything in she life fall to piece , include she marriage to wealthy businessman hal ( alec baldwin ) , elegant New York socialite jasmine ( Cate blanchett ) move into she sister Ginger 's ( Sally hawkins ) modest apartment in San Francisco to try to pull herself back together again . jasmine arrive in San Francisco in a fragile mental state , she head reeling from the cocktail of anti-depressant she 's on . while still able to project she aristocratic bear , jasmine be emotionally precarious and lack any practical ability to support herself . she disapprove of Ginger 's boyfriend chili ( Bobby cannavale ) , who she consider another '' loser '' like Ginger 's ex-husband augie ( Andrew dice clay ) . Ginger , recognize but not fully understanding she sister 's psychological instability , suggest that she pursue interior design , a career she correctly intuit that jasmine will not feel be beneath she . in the meantime , jasmine begrudgingly accept work as the receptionist in a dentist 's office , where she attract the unwanted attention of she boss , Dr. flicker ( Michael stuhlbarg ) . feeling that she sister might be right about she poor taste in man , Ginger start see Al ( Louis c.k. ) , a sound engineer whom she consider as a step up from chili . jasmine see a potential lifeline when she meet dwight ( Peter sarsgaard ) , a diplomat who be quickly smitten with she beauty , sophistication and style . jasmine 's flaw be that she derive she worth from the way she 's perceive by other , while she herself be blind to what be go around she . delicately portray by a regal Cate blanchett , jasmine earn we compassion because she be the unwitting instrument of she own downfall . Woody Allen 's new drama blue jasmine be about the dire consequence that can result when people avert they eye from reality and the truth they do not want to see . blue jasmine about the production throughout he career , Woody Allen have create many indelible female character portray by some of the world 's great actress , include Diane keaton , geraldine page , mariel hemingway , Charlotte rampling , Mia farrow , Barbara hershey , gena rowland , dianne wiest , mira sorvino , Judy Davis , samantha Morton , scarlett johansson , and penelope Cruz , to mention only a few . whether they appear in light comedy , dark drama or anything in between , this complex female character resonate in we memory as the focal point of he movie . certain to take she place in this gallery of multifacete , complex , and richly observe woman be jasmine , the troubled heroine of Allen 's new drama blue jasmine , portray by another one of the world 's most extraordinary actress , Cate blanchett . we first meet New York socialite jasmine shortly after she have suffer a breakdown , trigger by the cataclysmic collapse of she marriage to wealthy financier hal ( alec baldwin ) . up until that point jasmine 's entire identity be wrap up in be a elegant , well dress , culturally sophisticated woman live the Manhattan high life , but now that life be over , and she mental and emotional state be rapidly veer off course . '' we know from the minute the movie open that jasmine be lose , '' say Allen . '' she 's already someone who have be find talk to herself and have have real problem . '' hitting rock bottom both financially and psychologically , and have nowhere else to go , jasmine turn to she sister Ginger ( Sally hawkins ) , a grocery store cashier in San Francisco . '' jasmine have really be through the mill , '' say Allen . '' in a fit of anger she do something that cause dire consequence she never anticipate , and she bring on herself a extremely potent series of trauma . '' say blanchett : '' jasmine be in freefall and have to leave behind everything she know and have expect . she 's enter the realm of absolute unknown , move from one coast to the other , from one social set to the other , one class to another . '' jasmine be not bear into wealth ; she meet and marry hal , a handsome , high - fly businessman , when she be a college student . hal quickly transport she to a world of high fashion clothes , precious jewelry , elegant dinner party , beach house and private plane . '' she be captivate , '' say Allen . '' hal be good look , charming , successful , dynamic and wealthy , and he sweep she off she foot . she change she direction and suddenly find herself lead the life of a wealthy wife — and she get use to it . '' blanchett feel that marrying into money be not a completely unexpected path for jasmine to take in she life , as she might always have have a vision of a handsome prince who would come to take she away : '' to get a job and forge you own way in life you have to be able to weather the knockback that life deal out to you , and I do not know if jasmine be like that . for she to have to roll up she sleeve and get she hand dirty by take a job be probably not in she ideal picture of the universe . '' hal , portray by alec baldwin , be a man whose fortune be as bountiful as the source of he income be questionable . '' I think hal be like a million guy out there , who have this big shot complex , '' say Allen . '' they make a lot of money and they be charming and generous with people . they stay just within the law when they can , and when they have to stretch it a little , they stretch it . '' hal be also equally flexible in he attitude towards fidelity . '' I think hal be like a lot of hard - charge , successful man who feel the need to take the edge off of a stressful life and expect they wife to understand , '' say baldwin . '' in he case jasmine be not able to accept that , but he be very adept at reassure she that she have nothing to worry about . '' say Allen : '' for hal , jasmine be elegant and know how to keep up the social end of thing , and yet he 's always play around because he 's good look and dynamic and that 's he style . '' bear with the name jeanette , jasmine take on she more poetic moniker around the time hal come into she life . '' it 's quite a theatrical choice , '' say blanchett , '' and it 's very tell that she do not call herself scarlett or something completely different — she always step slightly sideways from the truth . small fantasy like this be harmless in of themselves , but the more you do it , the further you get away from reality . '' blanchett continue : '' this lead to the question : ' be jasmine predisposed to be a fantasist or be she a fantasist through circumstance ? 's I think there 's a certain type of person who have a more fragile makeup and a less tangible grip on reality and jasmine probably be in that camp . '' arrive in San Francisco , jasmine be dismay to see Ginger 's modest apartment and lifestyle , so completely different than what she be accustom to . add to she discomfort be the fact that she relationship with she sister have always be complicated . jasmine and Ginger be adopt child from different parent , and from the beginning , jasmine be the favore child , bath in love , of which Ginger receive very little . '' jasmine have this golden aura around she , '' say Sally hawkins ( happy -go - lucky ) , who play Ginger . '' she be brighter and prettier and more elegant from birth . Ginger see herself as the lesser child and the one who be not really like — sort of the runt of the litter . '' the impact of the different treatment they receive as child create a degree of tension between the two of they early on as well as two very contrast viewpoint of life . jasmine grow up with a sense of entitlement and find hal to give she the life she feel she deserve whereas Ginger have very modest expectation , but develop the robust strength and skill to make it on she own . her approach to life be always more hand - on . she bartend and wait table , marry a rough-hewn handyman name augie ( Andrew dice clay ) with whom she have two boy . when jasmine , on the other hand , be force by circumstance to work in a fancy shoe store in New York , it be devastating for she to be see by woman she have previously socialize with . '' her focus on the outward appearance or what the neighbor will think have probably lead she to the state that you find she in when she hit San Francisco , '' say blanchett . '' she fle because she be feel judge by other . she be very conscious of how she 's perceive and she desire to control that perception , the outward shell of who she be , trump the discovery of who she actually be . '' the sister have live in two completely different world for most of they adult life , but now that jasmine need she help , Ginger willingly take she in . '' Ginger would never be close to she like she would a sister with a loving background , '' say Allen , '' but they situation be not so cold that when jasmine 's in trouble she would turn a completely blind eye . '' say hawkins : '' I do not think Ginger could ever turn jasmine away . Ginger be really kind and even though there 's great tension there . as the young sister she have always look up to jasmine and now see the opportunity to have a real connection with she . '' unfortunately , by the time of she arrival , jasmine may be too far go for Ginger to be able to reach . '' Ginger do try , but she just do not know where to begin to unlock jasmine , '' say hawkins . '' she 's so trap in a different world that Ginger do not really understand , that Ginger have no grasp of how to get to she . '' try to be helpful , Ginger suggest that jasmine pursue interior design , a profession which would allow for she to express she cultivation and taste . jasmine be enthusiastic , but come up with the highly impractical idea that she take a online course , even though she can not use a computer . '' her idea be ill think through but she will throw everything at they , '' say blanchett . '' I think the thing that 's relatable and humanize she be the panic that underly that . '' jasmine do have enough lucidity to try to convince Ginger to break up with she mechanic boyfriend chili ( Bobby cannavale ) . '' jasmine think she sister 's first husband augie ( Andrew dice clay ) be a loser , '' say Allen . '' as any good sister or friend would do , she 's advise she not to fall into the same trap again , pick another guy who have no refinement whatsoever . '' clay feel that jasmine do not give augie a fair chance . '' he may be a ordinary work class guy , but he really love he wife . I think jasmine do not like augie because she 's all about money and jewelry and how much money the guy she 's with have . '' blanchett see some truth in that appraisal : '' jasmine be someone who have pin all of she ability to rise up in the world upon be connect to the right man , believe that it 's about who you attach yourself to , not through any of you own agency . how could you ever rise up if you be connect to the wrong man ? it 's very revealing about the way she see she own ability to move and shake in the world . '' say hawkins : '' Ginger be very aware of jasmine 's distaste for the man in she life . that pain she but she also feel that maybe she 's right . there 's a part of Ginger that want to better herself . at the same time she 's confuse and think that she should be look for someone better just because she want to make a better connection with jasmine . '' chili recognize very quickly the threat that jasmine 's arrival pose for he relationship with Ginger . '' as soon as jasmine get there , he can see that Ginger be change , '' say cannavale . '' he understand that she 's very susceptible to jasmine and the stake be high for he . it 's obviously very important for he to fight for Ginger because he 's very much in love with she . '' unfortunately chili 's attempt to hold onto Ginger be express in explosive act that only serve to confirm jasmine 's low opinion of he . say Allen : '' even though he make a scene in the apartment and in the grocery store where she work , he 's not a villain , he feel he love she and to the best of he ability , he 's try . his heart 's in the right place but I do not know what will happen in future year . '' cannavale believe chili see Ginger as someone who be very easily manipulate and he have take it upon himself to look out for she . '' he 's a very natural sort of protector , '' he say . '' he 's interested in give she unadulterate love , a real physical kind of guy who 's vulnerable too . I think she need that from he and he need somebody to protect . '' to make money for she computer class , jasmine take a stopgap job as a receptionist at the office of dentist Dr. flicker ( Michael stuhlbarg ) , work that she find highly beneath she , and which she be ill-suite to do . to make matter worse , thing quickly become awkward between jasmine and she employer . '' on the surface Dr. flicker might appear to be generous to jasmine , but he have a ulterior agenda , '' say stuhlbarg . '' he want something from she . '' it soon become clear what that be , as he clumsily and inappropriately try to come on to she , ignore she highly distress state . '' he 's not really pay attention to what she 's go through , '' say stuhlbarg . '' his desire blind he to what she 's go through . '' no matter how much she resist , he only become more aggressive and insistent . '' by the time jasmine find herself at the dentist 's office she 's really beginning to be in freefall because nothing be work out , '' say blanchett . '' it 's like they be speak swahili in this computer class and if she can not learn the computer then she can not study interior design and then she 's get no other idea . she have no money , no skill , and she 's clearly on the verge of outstay she welcome at Ginger 's place . '' a unexpected potential lifeline turn up for jasmine when she go to a party and meet dwight ( Peter sarsgaard ) , a genteel diplomat who take a interest in she . '' dwight be very ambitious and want to go into politics , '' say sarsgaard . '' base on how jasmine look and the way she 's dress and act , he see she as the kind of woman who would really be a asset for he political plan . but what draw he to she be a certain nervousness and vulnerability that she have . she 's not comfortable with herself and that make she easier for he to approach — I do not know if he would have do it otherwise . '' not want to fill dwight in on the calamity of she recent month , she quickly invent a much more upbeat and elevate persona for herself . '' she 's able to lie , '' say Allen , '' she 's say I be a decorator and my late husband be a surgeon . she have a certain build in elegance in she persona and from year of social activity and upper-class social interaction , she put on a good show , and he 's not look for or suspect any lie . '' say blanchett : '' I think jasmine have so little faith in she own ability that she have to make herself more than what she be constantly . it 's a instinctual response ; she do not think thing through . and once that word come out of she mouth , she can not put they back in — she just have to keep go . the truth be often very terrifying , particularly when you have spend you entire life in a fiction . '' at the same party where jasmine encounter dwight , Ginger meet Al ( Louis c.k. ) , who have a more upscale job and a sweeter manner than the man she 's use to go out with . even though he be only modestly above the level of what she 's use to , she see he as a step up . '' Al be a guy live a kind of drab life where he 's fix people 's audio system , '' say Louis c.k , '' and he 's try to try to find some happiness by carve out a little romance with this very innocent and nice young woman . he 's get a very simple way of pay attention to she and show that he like she and it make she feel really good . '' say hawkins : '' Ginger have aspiration for a better life and think that Al be the solution . it 's like she 's play a role — she 's really like this world that Al seem to offer . he 's show she a life that could be better than what she see she life to be . '' as be always the case , Allen assemble a stellar cast for blue jasmine , topline by Cate blanchett , who be he first choice to play jasmine . '' Cate be one of the great actress of the world , '' say Allen . '' she just have that thing . there 's a tremendous amount of depth there . there 's no way to quantify it . you can get other actress who be very good and they 's Il be play frustration and despair and they will weep the way Cate do , but for some reason she project on the screen a tremendous depth that suck you in . you just feel how deep she 's go and that 's she gift . '' blanchett be very enthusiastic about work with Allen and the screenplay , but she also find jasmine to be a particularly daunt role to play . a lot of the challenge for she involved the way the script cut back and forth between the San Francisco present and the New York past . the New York section do not just provide the backstory for the present , they mirror and parallel what be go on . for example , as jasmine arrive at she sister 's cramped place , the film cut to she in a enormous empty fifth Avenue apartment . '' because jasmine be such a unreliable narrator , the flashback be there to find out what 's truly go on underneath the surface , '' say blanchett . '' in a way I wish we have shot the New York stuff first before we have go to San Francisco because it be in do that that I sort of fully understand she character . '' blanchett continue : '' I do go in every day and say to myself ' do not screw this up !' ' can you please not screw it up today ? '' on the set she discover that Allen be willing to give she a unusually large amount of freedom . I think he really do not want to get in a actor 's way , '' she say , '' and that 's something thad to sort of deprogram myself from because I love the suggestion that come from director . so I just keep ask he question and he have answer they . most of my question be about tone , because when you be work with the director who make bananas and interior , you can read this script and think it 's terribly tragic and painful and there 's another way you can read it where it 's just absurd . I think he 's a master at that : people who be completely immerse in the seriousness of they own life — which be utterly absurd . '' have enjoy work with Sally hawkins on cassandra 's dream , where she play Colin farrell 's girlfriend , Allen think she would be a great choice for the pivotal role of jasmine 's sister Ginger . '' she 's a fabulous actress , '' he say . '' she 's real all the time ; she 's never actressy . '' hawkins have high praise for Allen 's no - nonsense direct style : '' Woody do not want to deal with chit chat . he just want you to turn up and for you character to be fully form and ready to work . '' as a long - time admirer of Cate blanchett 's work , hawkins be thrilled at the opportunity to play she sister . '' Cate have no ego , '' she say . '' she just want to investigate life , create incredibly rich layer , and make the work as good as it possibly can be . I believe every single moment of she as jasmine and be so close to it , just see this woman completely trap and lose and alone . it be a highly tune performance — it 's like the string on a guitar be tightened , tightened , tightened , until she snap . I can not imagine how difficult it must have be to take that character home with you at night . '' say blanchett : '' Sally 's get the biggest heart of anyone I have ever meet . I clung to she like a life raft . '' alec baldwin make he third appearance in a Woody Allen film , after alice and to rome with love portray jasmine 's well - heele , entrepreneurial husband hal . '' alec be the perfect guy to play hal , because he 's get everything go for he , '' say Allen . '' he 's good look , he 's a tremendously talented dramatic actor , and yet if you need somebody to be funny , he can be funny . '' play dwight , hal 's counterpart as a wealthy and refine suitor for jasmine 's attention be Peter sarsgaard ( a education ) . '' Peter project intelligence and literacy , as well as a sweetness that make he a guy you root for jasmine to wind up with , somebody who would come into she life and under other circumstance really save she . '' on the other side , jasmine receive highly inappropriate and unwelcome attention from she employer Dr. flicker , play by Michael stuhlbarg , star of the coen Brothers 's a serious man , and 10 currently portray racketeer Arnold rothstein on HBO 's '' boardwalk Empire . '' '' Michael be a very natural actor which I like , '' say Allen . '' it never look like he be act which be the best kind of act . he also can be funny and serious with great effectiveness . '' Allen have see Bobby cannavale 's work on the New York stage , and he feel the actor would be a perfect match for the character of chili . '' Bobby can do all kind of thing , but he 's very good at play this kind of character , which be he natural persona , '' say Allen . '' he just seem a natural for the part , plus he have a build - in likability . '' foul-mouthed comedian Andrew dice clay might not seem a obvious choice for a dramatic role as Ginger 's hapless ex-husband augie , but Allen have he eye on clay for a long time . '' I always think Andrew could be a wonderful actor in the right circumstance , '' say Allen . '' he 's a great type and he 's get a wonderful quality . he 's a guy who not only do the write line you give he but he build the character himself . he add thing , never in a pushy way , but in a creative way . '' portray Al , the third man in Ginger 's life , be Louis c.k. , one of America 's most beloved comedian and the creator of the emmy-winn series '' louie . '' '' Louis be very funny and that account for the success he 's have as a comedian , but he 's also get another dimension to he where he 's not just a guy who write or busy a million joke and stand up and just shoot they off , '' say Allen . '' he 's get a depth or pathos about he and that make he very sympathetic . '' give jasmine 's emotional state , blue jasmine might seem a apt title '' at first we name it '' jasmine french , '' say Allen , '' but then , because of the score we feel blue jasmine best characterize the mood of the picture . '' jasmine also reference '' Blue Moon '' several time as the song that be play when she meet hal — a tune whose famous lyric '' you see I stand alone '' resonate with the scene where jasmine meet dwight . unlike many of Allen 's recent film , which be set against some of the most iconic image of they respective city , blue jasmine do not showcase the most picturesque aspect of San Francisco ( a brief view of the Golden Gate Bridge from a Marin hilltop be a notable exception ) . for the most part the San Francisco scene be set in the workaday world inhabit by Ginger . the New York sequence , on the other hand , take you to fifth Avenue and shop like 11 fendi and Jimmy choo , offer the kind of luxury goods that define jasmine during she New York year . as she be such a creature of privilege , one could easily take the position not to care about jasmine . say Allen : '' so she lose she charge account to prada , she lose she gold card , and she duplex on fifth Avenue ? that 's too bad , there 's a lot of people in America that can not eat . but what make she a person that you care about be that she story be not just about economic deprivation , it 's a tragic flaw in she character that make she the instrument of she own demise . '' Allen continue : '' she be someone who choose not to look too deeply at the source of she pleasure , she income , she security , and because of that pay a terrific price . to look the other way be a human flaw we all share ; people do it in little way all the time with they child , and with they husband and wife . '' say blanchett : '' we all to a certain degree see what we want to see in the people who we be surround by and certainly in ourselves . it 's very , very difficult for a human be to truly look at themselves in the mirror , to truly see who we be wart and all — and it 's very difficult to change . in the end , jasmine be a product of all the delusion and evasion that we all have to some degree but as time have pass she 's become delude on a epic scale . '' ironically , it be precisely through this fantasy of jasmine 's that she true personality seep through — it 's where she dream and aspiration crystallize and appear in stark contrast to she actual circumstance . say blanchett : '' we fantasy be always more than what we be . '' 12 blue jasmine about the cast cate blanchett ( jasmine ) win a Academy award® in 2004 for she portrayal of katharine hepburn in Martin scorsese 's biopic of Howard Hughes , the aviator , for which she also win BAFTA and screen actor Guild ( sag ) Award '' and receive a Golden Globe nomination . in 2008 , blanchett be nominate for two oscars® ; as best actress for elizabeth : the golden age and as best support actress for '! m not there , make she only the fifth actor in Academy history to be nominate in both act category in the same year . additionally , she receive dual sag and BAFTA Award nomination , for best actress and best support actress respectively , for elizabeth : the golden age and I ’m not there . for the latter , she also win a Golden Globe Award , a independent Spirit Award , several critic group 's award , and the volpi Cup for best actress at the 2007 Venice Film Festival . she earn she first oscar® nomination and win BAFTA , Golden Globe Award and London Film Critic Circle Award for she portrayal of Queen Elizabeth I in shekhar kapur 's elizabeth . she also receive oscar® , Golden Globe and sag award® nomination for she performance in note on a scandal . additionally , blanchett have earn Golden Globe nomination for best actress for the title role in Joel schumacher 's veronica guerin and she work in Barry levinson 's bandit , and , earlier , another BAFTA Award nomination for she performance in Anthony minghella 's the talented mr . ripley . blanchett be currently in production in Berlin for George clooney 's the monument men , and will begin production of Disney 's live - action cinderella later this year . she have also recently complete production on two terrence malick film , knight of cup and one yet untitle . blanchett play the role of galadriel in Peter Jackson 's the lord of the ring trilogy and will appear again in the same role in the hobbit trilogy . her additional film credit include Joe wright 's hanna , ridley Scott 's robin hood , David Fincher 's the curious case of benjamin button , Steven spielberg 's blockbuster indiana jone and the kingdom of the crystal skull , Steven soderbergh 's the good german , babel , and wes Anderson 's the life aquatic with steve zissou . among she other film credit be Jim jarmusch 's coffee and cigarettes , earning a independent Spirit Award nomination , ron Howard 's the missing , gillian armstrong 's charlotte gray , lasse hallstr6 m 's the shipping news , rowan Woods 's little fish , Mike newell 's pushing tin , Oliver parker 's a ideal husband , Sam raimi 's the gift , Sally Potter 's the man who cry , Bruce Beresford 's paradise road , cherie nowlan 's thank GOD he met lizzie , for which she win both the Australian Film Institute ( afi ) and the Sydney Film Critic Award for best support actress , and gillian armstrong 's oscar and lucinda , opposite Ralph fienn , for which she also earn a afi nomination for best actress . 13 blanchett have work extensively on the stage in Australia and abroad . for the past five year , she have be the co-artistic director and co-ceo of the Sydney theatre company ( stc ) alongside Andrew upton . during this time , blanchett perform Richard ii in the celebrate stc production of '' the Wars of the rose , '' blanche du bois in Tennessee Williams 's '' a streetcar name desire , '' direct by liv ullmann , which travel to much critical acclaim from Sydney to Washington and New York ( she performance be consider the ' performance of the Year 's by the New York Times ) and for which she receive the helen haye Award for outstanding actress in a non-resident production . she have also play the part of yelena in Anton chekhov 's '' uncle vanya , '' in a version by Andrew upton as part of stc 's 2010 Main stage season , which be also stage in Washington , DC and at New York City 's lincoln Center Festival in June 2012 ( and for which she also win the helen haye Award for outstanding actress ) , and most recently Lotte in botto strauss 's '' Gross und klein , '' which tour extensively throughout Europe in 2012 follow a 2011 Sydney season and be part of the London cultural olympiad . this summer , blanchett co-star with isabelle huppert in the Sydney theatre company 's adaptation of Jean genet 's 1947 play , '' the Maids , '' direct by benedict andrew and adapt by Andrew upton . blanchett have be award the centenary Medal for service to Australian Society through acting and in 2007 she be name one of time Magazine 's 100 most influential people . in 2012 , she be award the Chevalier de ,' ordre des Arts et des lettre ( one of France 's high cultural honors ) by the french Minister for Culture , in recognition of she significant contribution to the art . she have also receive a star on the Hollywood walk of Fame . in 2008 , blanchett co - chaire the creative stream of the Prime Minister of Australia 's National 2020 summit . she be a patron of the Sydney Film Festival and a ambassador for the Australian Conservation Foundation and the Australian Film Institute . she reside in Sydney with she husband and three child . sally hawkins ( Ginger ) win a Golden Globe Award , Silver bear ( Berlin ) Award , even Standard Award , Hollywood Film Festival ( breakthrough Award ) , NY , LA , mill Valley , San Francisco and Santa Barbara Film critic 's Award , as well as a host of nomination for she acclaimed performance as '' poppy '' in Mike leigh 's happy-go-lucky . she previously work with Woody Allen on cassandra’s dream . bear in lewisham , South East London , hawkins train at rada before make she film debut in Mike leigh 's all or nothing , follow by a role in leigh 's vera drake her other film credit include Mike newell 's great expectation , Richard ayoade 's submarine , Mark romanek 's never let I go , Lone scherfig 's a education , cary fukunaga 's jane eyre , and a star role in Nigel Cole 's made in dagenham , which win she further accolade and honors . in addition , she have appear in Matthew vaughan 's layer cake , Paul Murphy 's love bird , Tom shankland 's waz , sherry hormann 's desert flower , Stephen burke 's happy ever after , and gurinder chadha 's it 's a wonderful afterlife . upcome for hawkins be a star role in phil morrison 's almost christmas , opposite Paul rudd and Paul giamatti . 14 hawkins 's performance as Anne Elliott in the itv production of Jane austen 's persuasion win she the Golden nymph Award for best actress at the monte Carlo Television Festival 2007 and the Royal Television Society best actress Award . her other television credit include lead role in '' 20 , 000 street under the Sky , '' '' tipping the Velvet , '' byron in which she play Mary shelley , the young visiters , '' fingersmith , '' two season of '' Little Britain , '' as the recur character Cathy . she also play the lead role in shiny , shiny bright new hole in my heart for the BBC . hawkins most recently close two sell out run at the Royal Court and West end of Nick Payne 's two character play '' constellation , '' opposite rafe spall . her extensive theatre credit include play the role of '' adelea '' in the recent production of '' House of bernarda alba '' at the National theatre , for which she win rave review . her credit also include '' the winterl '' and '' country Music , '' ( both Royal Court theatre ) , '' the Way of the World '' ( wilton Music Hall ) , '' misconception '' ( octagon ) , '' a midsummer night 's dream '' and '' much ado about nothing '' ( both at regent Park theatre ) , '' perpalas '' ( National theatre Studio ) , '' the cherry orchard '' and '' Romeo & juliet '' ( both for theatre Royal York ) , '' the dybbuk '' and '' accidental death of a anarchist '' ( both for bac ) , '' svejk '' ( the Gate theatre ) , '' the Whore of Babylon '' ( Globe ed. Centre ) and '' as you like it '' ( the Buckingham Palace gala ) . alec baldwin ( hal ) be currently appear on Broadway in lyle kessler 's '' orphans . '' he be a graduate of New York University ( bfa - tisch , 1994 ) and be present with a honorary doctorate of Fine Arts from nyu in 2010 . he last appear on stage in the 2010 Guild Hall ( East hampton ) production of Peter shaffer 's '' equus , '' direct by tony Walton . his other stage credit include the roundabout theatre company 's 2006 production of Joe orton 's '' entertain Mr. sloane '' direct by Scott Ellis , '' loot '' ( Broadway - 1986 ; theatre World Award ) , caryl churchill 's '' serious money '' ( Broadway - 1988 ) , '' prelude to a kiss '' ( Circle rep . - 1990 ; obie Award ) , '' a streetcar name desire '' ( Broadway - 1992 ; tony nomination ) , '' macbeth '' ( nysf - 1998 ) , '' the twentieth century '' ( roundabout - 2004 ) . baldwin have also make stage appearance at the hartman theatre in stamford , the williamstown theatre Festival , and Bay Street theatre in sag Harbor . he have be nominate for a Academy award® as well as a National board of Review Award for best support actor for Wayne Kramer 's the cooler . baldwin 's additional film credit include beetle juice , working girl , miami blue , the hunt for red october , glengarry glen ross , malice , the juror , the edge , ghost of MISSISSIPPI , state and MAIN , the cat in the hat , the aviator , the departed , it’s complicate , and many other . this will be baldwin 's third collaboration with Woody Allen , have previously work with he on alice and to rome with love . on television baldwin have star with Tina fey on NBC 's '' 30 rock , '' winner of multiple Emmy award for outstanding Comedy Series . baldwin have receive eight sag Award ( seven individual , one ensemble ) , three Golden globe , the Television Critic Award and two Emmy 15 award as best actor in a Comedy Series . alec baldwin be also a dedicated supporter of numerous cause related to the art . he serve on the board of the hampton International Film Festival , the New York philharmonic , the roundabout theatre company and Guild Hall of East hampton . he be a active supporter of the actor Fund and the Public theatre / New York Shakespeare Festival , among many other . peter sarsgaard ( dwight ) be a actor note for he range and ability to access what be behind the often complicated facade of the character he play . he make he screen debut in 1995 with Tim robbin 's dead man walking , and then start grace the art-house circuit , make a violent , searing impression as a homophobic killer in boy don't cry star two - time oscar® - winner Hilary swank as a tran -gender teen . other impressionable offbeat role for Peter that have thrilled critic include shatter glass , which earn he a slew of award include the prestigious National Society of Film Critic Award , as well as garden state and kinsey . Peter achieve mainstream success with role in jarhead , flight plan , a education and GREEN lantern , and will next star in Rob Epstein and Jeffrey friedman 's lovelace opposite amanda seyfry which premiere at the 2013 sundance Film Festival . he most recently wrap production on Kelly reichardt 's night move , in which he will appear opposite jesse eisenberg and dakota fanning . he currently reside in Brooklyn along with he wife maggie gyllenhaal and they two daughter . louis c.k . ( Al ) be one of the most honest and respected comedic voice of he generation , find success in both television and film as well as the live stage . currently he serve as executive producer , writer , director and editor of the acclaimed fx tv series '' louie . '' Louis take home two 2012 Emmy Award for '' louie '' and he standup special '' Louis ck : live at the beacon theatre '' include write for a Comedy Series and write for a variety special . in addition he be also nominate in the follow category : Comedy actor , directing for a Comedy Series , directing for a variety special , special - class Program , and picture editing for short - form segment & variety special . he recently win four award at the 2012 Comedy Award include sketch alternative Comedy Series and Comedy directing tv for '' louie , '' as well as Comedy special of the Year and stand up Tour for '' live at the beacon theatre . '' he also be recently honore as 2011 Comedy person of the Year from the just for laugh Festival and win a 2011 Comedy Award for best standup special . '' louie '' have be honore on many year - end top ten list include afi , time , entertainment weekly and dozen of other . '' hilarious '' be also honore with a 2012 grammy for best Comedy album . always one to experiment , Louis release he last standup special , '' Louis c.k . live at the beacon , '' directly to consumer through he website for $ 5 . the move be hail as groundbreake and be a tremendous success and he donate a large portion of the proceed to charity . 16 as a filmmaker , Louis be best know for he cult classic blaxploitation spoof , pootie tang , which he write and direct . Louis 's first feature film , tomorrow night , a independent film that he produce , write , and direct , premiere at the sundance Film Festival in 1998 . he also create the short film , ice cream , which screen at sundance and as part of the New director , New film series at moma in 1994 . in 2008 , Louis be see in diminished capacity and welcome home roscoe jenkins . he also star in the film the invention of lying and have a recur role on the NBC series , '' Parks & recreation , '' which he reprise last year . his latest HBO comedy special '' Louis c.k. : oh my God , '' premiere in April 2013 . bobby cannavale ( chili ) be currently star in clifford odet 's '' the Big knife '' on Broadway . his breakthrough role for moviegoer be as Joe in Tom mccarthy 's award - win the station agent for which he receive a sag nomination as part of the cast . he work with mccarthy again on win win . cannavale 's additional film credit include shall we dance , happy ending , roadie , fast food nation , Romance & cigarettes , movie 43 , and parker . he will next appear in Rob Epstein and Jeffrey friedman 's lovelace opposite amanda seyfry and Peter sarsgaard . in addition to '' the Big knife , '' cannavale have appear on Broadway in '' glengarry Glen Ross , '' '' the motherf ** ker with the hat '' ( Drama desk winner , tony nomination ) , and '' mauritius '' for which he receive a tony nomination . off Broadway he have appear in '' hurlyburly , '' '' Fucking a , '' and '' the gingerbread House '' among other . he be also a member of the labyrinth theater company . cannavale 's tv credit include '' third watch , '' '' 100 Centre Street , '' '' ally mcbeal , '' '' six foot under , '' '' boardwalk Empire '' ( sag nomination ) , '' nurse Jackie '' ( Emmy and sag nomination ) , '' modern family , '' and '' will & Grace '' ( Emmy winner ) . michael stuhlbarg ( Dr. flicker ) have long be a laud actor in the New York theatre world , but he breakthrough for moviegoer be play the lead role in the coen Brothers 's a serious man , for which he receive a Golden globe nomination for best actor . his other film include men in black 3 , Martin scorsese 's hugo , ridley Scott 's body of lie , Tim blake Nelson 's the grey zone , Sophie barthes 's cold soul , Steven spielberg 's lincoln , sacha gervasi 's hitchcock , as well as Martin scorsese 's short homage to Alfred hitchcock '' the Key to reserva . '' he can currently be see on HBO as New York City mob boss Arnold rothstein on the award - win series '' boardwalk Empire . '' in 2005 , stuhlbarg receive a tony Award nomination and win a Drama desk Award for he performance in Martin mcdonagh 's '' the pillowman . '' he have also be honore with the New dramatist Charles bowden actor Award and the elliot norton Boston theatre Award , the latter for he performance in '' Long Day 's journey into night . '' stuhlbarg 's other Broadway credit include the National actor theatre production of '' Saint Joan , '' '' Three Men on a horse , '' '' timon of athen , '' the government Inspector , '' Ronald harwood 's '' take side , '' Sam 17 mend 's revival of '' cabaret , '' as well as Tom stoppard 's '' the invention of Love . '' he have work numerous time with the New York Shakespeare Festival . his critically acclaimed credit include Sir Andrew aguecheek in '' twelfth night , '' the title role in '' Richard ii , '' and hamlet in oskar eustis 's production of the famous tragedy , for which he win a Drama League Award . stuhlbarg receive he bfa from the juilliard School . he also study at ucla , the vilnius conservatory in lithuania 's chekhov Studies unit , the british - american Drama Academy at baliol and keble college in Oxford , and with marcel marceau . andrew dice clay ( augie ) be one of America 's most controversial and outrageous comic , with the singular honor of be the only performer ban for life from MTV . when he release he debut album , '' dice , '' the parental advisory label simply read " warning : this album be offensive . " bear in sheepshead Bay , Brooklyn , clay begin do stand - up in neighborhood comedy club before move to Los Angeles in 1980 . while continue he comedy career , he act in tv show like '' m*a*s*h , '' diff’rent stroke , '' and '' crime Story . '' his film credit include pretty in pink and casual sex . incorporate the character of dice from he film role in making the grade into he stand - up act , clay soon find instant stardom with he foul - mouth style that people either love or hate . he star in the movie the adventure of ford fairlane and sell out madison Square Garden two night in a row along with hundred of other sport arena from coast to coast . in 1992 , clay perform in front of the large audience ever by a comedian when he share the stage with gun & rose at the Rose bowl . in addition , clay star in numerous HBO special and release string of best - sell dvd and multi-gold and platinum sell CD . in the 1990 's clay star in the tv series '' bless this House '' and '' hitz , '' and act in numerous movie , include foolish , point doom , my 5 wive , and one night at mccool 's . in recent year , clay 's career have be go through a resurgence . he appear on '' celebrity apprentice '' where he be proudly throw off first and have be critically acclaimed for he recur role on the final season of HBO 's '' entourage . '' clay have recently sign a year - long contract to perform at the hard rock Hotel & casino in Las Vegas . his latest stand - up special , '' indestructible , '' appear on showtime on New Year 's Eve of 2012 . max casella ( Eddie ) play benny fazio for five season of HBO 's '' the sopranos '' and the character of Leo d'alessio in '' boardwalk Empire . '' he be most recently see on screen star opposite Brad Pitt in Andrew dominik 's killing they softly , and will soon be see in spike Lee 's oldboy , the coen Brothers 's inside llewyn davis and Richard glatzer and wash Westmoreland 's the last of robin hood . 18 casella play the part of timon in the original cast of the tony award - win musical '' the lion King , '' for which he receive a theatre World award for outstanding Broadway debut and a Drama desk nomination . he recently appear on Broadway in '' relatively speak , '' a collection of three one - act comedy direct by John turturro , in which casella apprear in ethan coen 's '' talk cure '' and Woody Allen 's '' honeymoon Hotel . '' casella also appear in Shakespeare 's '' timon of athen '' at the New York Public theater . casella have often collaborate on stage with writer / director / actor John turturro : in 2008 he play clov to turturro 's hamm in a critically acclaimed production of Samuel beckett 's '' endgame '' at bam as well as co-adapt italo calvino 's '' fiabe italiane '' with turturro , which tour Italy in 2010 . he also have a role in turturro 's upcoming film fading gigolo . casella first become widely know to audience with he portrayal of vinnie delpino on the hit series '' doogie howser , m.d . '' aldan ehrenreich ( Danny ) recently star as ethan in Richard lagravenese 's beautiful creature , opposite Jeremy iron , Viola Davis and Emma Thompson , and as whip in Park Chan -wook 's stoker , opposite Mia wasikowska and Nicole kidman . 23 - year -old ehrenreich play the lead role in Francis Ford coppola 's semi-autobiographical film tetro , shot in Buenos Aires and co-starr Vincent gallo and maribel verdu . he continue he friendship with coppola , star in the director 's next film , twixt , opposite Val kilmer , Bruce dern , Ben chaplin , and elle fanning . ehrenreich also have a role in sofia coppola 's somewhere . ehrenreich attend the prestigious gallatin School at New York University , where he and Zoe Worth create the collectin , a actor-center theatre and film group . use weekly workshop with actor , writer and director , the group experiment with new technique for write and performance , building work out of the specific quality of a actor . the collectin create six original play and five short film , and in 2010 ehrenreich and Worth star in the collectin 's first feature film , running wild , write and direct by Melanie Shaw . ehrenreich begin act at the age of four in various school and summer camp play , as well as community child 's theater group . throughout junior high and high school alden begin write , direct and star in student film , one of which lead to he discovery by Steven spielberg , who see one of this short film at alden 's friend 's bat mitzvah . tammy blanchard ( jasmine 's friend Jane ) receive a 2011 tony Award nomination for she performance in '' how to succeed in Business without really try , '' and be previously tony nominate for she Broadway debut in '' gypsy , '' opposite bernadette Peters , for which she also receive a theater World Award . Ms. blanchard win a Primetime Emmy Award for she portrayal of young Judy garland in '' life with Judy garland : I and my shadows '' and be Golden Globe and afi nominate for that performance . her film credit include moneyball , the good shepherd , bella , cadillac record , rabbit hole , 19 the music never stop , certainty , union square and burning blue . Television credit include '' the Big C , '' '' a gift man , '' '' we be the mulvaneys , '' '' sybil , '' '' live proof , '' '' amish Grace , '' '' the good wife , '' '' Law & order : svu , '' '' guide Light , '' and the original Lifetime tv movie of two mind . heh 20 Blue jasmine to Rome with Love Midnight in Paris you will meet a tall Dark Stranger whatever Works vicky cristina Barcelona cassandra 's dream scoop Match Point melinda and melinda anything else Hollywood ending sound from a town I Love ( short ) the curse of the jade scorpion company man pick up the piece small time crook sweet and lowdown blue jasmine writer - director Woody Allen 2013 / director , screenwriter 2012 / director , screenwriter , actor 2011 / director , screenwriter Academy award® nominee ( & winner ) , best original screenplay Academy award® nominee , best picture Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee , best Achievement in Art direction 2010 / director , screenwriter 2009 / director , screenwriter 2008 / director , screenwriter 2007 / director , screenwriter 2006 / director , screenwriter , actor 2005 / director , screenwriter Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 2004 / director , screenwriter 2003 / director , screenwriter , actor 2002 / director , screenwriter , actor 2001 / director , screenwriter 2001 / director , screenwriter , actor 2001 / actor ( cameo ) 2000 / actor 2000 / director , screenwriter , actor 1999 / director , screenwriter , on-camera interviewee 21 celebrity the impostor antz the Sunshine boy ( made-for-television movie ) deconstruct Harry everyone say I Love you mighty Aphrodite do not drink the Water ( made-for-television movie ) bullet over Broadway Manhattan murder mystery husband and wive shadows and fog scene from a mall Alice crime and misdemeanor New York story ( '' oedipus wreck '' ) another woman September Radio day 1998 / director , screenwriter 1998 / actor ( cameo ) 1998 / actor ( voice ) 1997/actor 1997 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1996 / director , screenwriter , actor 1995 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1994 / director , screenwriter , actor 1994 / director , co-screenwriter Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1993 / director , co-screenwriter , actor 1992 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1992 / director , screenwriter , actor 1991 / actor 1990 / director , screenwriter Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1989 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1989 / director , screenwriter , actor 1988 / director , screenwriter 1987 / director , screenwriter 1987 / director , screenwriter , narrator Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 22 Hannah and her sister the purple Rose of Cairo Broadway Danny Rose Zelig a midsummer night 's sex Comedy stardust memories Manhattan interior Annie Hall the Front Love and death sleeper play it again , Sam everything you always want to know about sex but be afraid to ask bananas take the money and run casino Royale 1986 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee ( & winner ) , best original screenplay 1985 / director , screenwriter Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1984 / director , screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1983 / director , screenwriter , actor 1982 / director , screenwriter , actor 1980 / director , screenwriter , actor 1979 / director , co-screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1978 / director , screenwriter Academy award® nominee , best director Academy award® nominee , best original screenplay 1977 / director , co-screenwriter , actor Academy award® nominee ( & winner ) , best director Academy award® nominee ( & winner ) , best original screenplay Academy award® nominee , best actor 1976/actor 1975 / director , screenwriter , actor 1973 / director , co-screenwriter , actor 1972 / screenwriter , actor 1972 / director , screenwriter , actor 1971 / director , co-screenwriter , actor 1969 / director , co-screenwriter , actor 1967 / actor 23 what 's up , Tiger lily ? 1966/co-screenwriter , actor what 's New pussycat ? 1965 / screenwriter , actor Woody Allen Academy award® summary nominated seven time for best director ; win for Annie Hall nominated fifteen time for best original screenplay ; win for Annie Hall , Hannah and her sister and Midnight in Paris nominated one time for best actor Three film nominate for best picture ; win for Annie Hall 24 blue jasmine about the filmmaker letty aronson ( producer ) previously produce Woody Allen 's to rome with love , midnight in paris ( nominate for the Academy award® for best picture in 2012 ) , you will meet a tall dark stranger , whatever work , vicky cristina barcelona , cassandra 's dream , scoop , match point , melinda and melinda , hollywood ending , and the curse of the jade scorpion . her extensive film , television , and stage experience include numerous other collaboration with Mr. Allen . she co-executive - produce such film as don ’t drink the water , which mark Mr. Allen 's first foray into television moviemake , bullet over broadway , which garner seven Academy award® nomination , win for best support actress ( dianne wiest ) , mighty aphrodite , for which mira sorvino win the Academy award® for best support actress , aid sweet and lowdown , for which Sean Penn and samantha Morton both earn Academy award® nomination . her other credit as a co-executive producer include Mr. Allen 's highly acclaimed musical comedy everyone say I love you , as well as he film celebrity , deconstructing harry and SMALL time crook . in addition , aronson co- executive - produce the spanish prisoner , write for the screen and direct by pulitzer prize-winn playwright and critically acclaimed filmmaker David mamet . Critic universally praise the film when it be release in 1998 . she also co -executive - produce into my heart , which be write and direct by two newcomer , Sean Smith and Anthony Stark , and coky giedroyc 's women talking dirty , star helena bonham Carter , which mark Ms. aronson 's first european co-production with elton John 's rocket picture . her credit also include '' dinah be , '' the off - Broadway musical about blue legend dinah Washington , the story of a bad boy , write and direct by acclaimed playwright Tom donaghy , just looking , a heartwarming come - of - age film direct by Jason Alexander , and the comedy sunburn , direct by Nelson hume , which screen at the galway Film Festival and the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival . aronson 's television work include '' Saturday night live '' and '' the Robert klein Comedy hour , '' both for NBC . in the world of theatre , she serve as associate producer of '' death defy act , '' a off - Broadway comedy consist of three one - act play write by Elaine May , Woody Allen , and David mamet . she have earlier serve as vice President of the Museum of Television and Radio for ten year . stephen tenenbaum ( producer ) , previously produce Woody Allen 's to rome with love and midnight in paris , which be nominate for a Academy Award " for best picture in 2012 . he also produce Allen 's vicky cristina barcelona , winner of the 2008 Golden globe for best motion picture ( Comedy or musical ) , you will meet a tall dark stranger , whatever work , and cassandra’s dream . he serve 25 as executive producer on scoop , match point , melinda and melinda , anything else , hollywood ending , and the curse of the jade scorpion , the last of which mark he first onscreen produce credit . tenenbaum graduate with a b.s. from New York University , where he majore in account . he begin he show business career in the financial arena , handle such noteworthy client as the Beatles , jimi hendrix , barbra streisand , Bruce springsteen , percy faith , the platter , nat King Cole , mario lanza , gilda radner , Robin Williams , and many other . tenenbaum later decide to venture into the field of motion picture and television production , as well as personal management . he be currently a partner in morra , brezner , Steinberg & tenenbaum entertainment , Inc. ( mbst ) , where he client roster include Woody Allen , billy Crystal , Robin Williams , and Alain boubil ( the creator of '' Les misérables '' and '' miss saigon '' ) . mbst have also be involved in the production of feature film include Barry levinson 's good morning vietnam , Steve Gordon 's arthur , Danny devito 's throw momma from the train , and Bill paxton 's the greatest game ever played , among other . edward walson ( producer ) be owner of service electric Broadband cable tv of New Jersey . a experience broadcaster and Emmy Award win producer of local news , weather and entertainment programming , walson be the son of the man credit with invent the cable television industry . he also own hotel and restaurant property in Florida , and play a active philanthropic role in the elton John aids Foundation , amf ar , and the t.j. martell Foundation . walson be also a active investor and producer of independent feature film and Broadway play . his credit include the film CITY island and Broadway 's '' relatively speak '' and '' cinderella . '' his future project include the fim hemingway and fuentes , and a Broadway musical , '' bullet over Broadway , '' base on Woody Allen 's film of the same name . blue jasmine be the 22nd film that helen robin ( co - producer ) have co-produce for Woody Allen . she begin she film career as a production assistant on Allen 's stardust memories . over the course of he next 21 film , she work she way up from a office production assistant , production coordinator , and production manager to , eventually , line producer . Robin co- produce alice , shadow and fog , husband and wive , manhattan murder mystery , bullet over broadway , mighty aphrodite and everyone say I love you . follow the last , she leave Allen 's production company to take some time off and do freelance film work . during that period , she work as a associate producer on allan arkush 's highly - rate television minisery '' the temptation , '' for hallmark entertainment and NBC . after a three - year hiatus , Robin return to work with Woody Allen on he comedy SMALL time crook , which she co-produce . she have since serve as a co-producer on all of he film , include scoop , melinda and melinda , anything else , hollywood ending , the curse of the jade scorpion , match point , cassandra 's 26 dream , vicky cristina barcelona , whatever work , you will meet a tall dark stranger , midnight in paris , and to rome with love . leroy schecter ( executive producer ) be bear in brownsville , Brooklyn in 1927 . at the age of 15 , after Pearl Harbor , he join the National Guard . at seventeen , he join the United States navy and serve during World War ii . he have be a prominent figure in the steel industry for over sixty year , own company such as american Strip steel and Marino ware industry . schechter develop he company into one of the large manufacturer of steel building product in the United States . his business philosophy focus on service the need of the customer , which lead to the form of he truck company , norbet truck . schecter have a extensive and impressive real estate portfolio include trophy property at 15 Central Park West and the rothschild mansion in New York City . in 2001 , he create the leroy schecter Foundation . he have pledge 90 % of he asset to he foundation to aid that stricken with poverty . schecter be introduce to the entertainment industry as a co-producer of Woody Allen 's most recent Broadway production '' relatively speak . '' adam B. stern ( executive producer ) have enjoy a fruitful career in financial service . in 1993 , Mr. stern begin work on Wall Street sell convertible bond security at Union Bank of Switzerland . Mr. stern move from ubs to Deutsche Bank in 1997 . in this position , he excell to become head of US convertible sale . in 2001 , Mr. stern parlay this breadth of experience and co-found he own fund , am investment partner . at am , Mr. stern 's role be Chief executive Officer and he immediately begin structuring am to reflect he strong belief that a asset management firm must be build on a robust foundation of investment infrastructure , risk management and client service . am 's diverse investor base include the most prestigious institutional , family office , endowment , pension and fund of hedge fund investor , span the globe . in 2011 Mr. stern join Crescent Capital as a manage director , and in 2012 he be approach to join aristeia Capital . the founder of aristeia be the original group that hire he in 1993 at ubs . stern currently lead the strategic development and marketing at the $ 2b fund . he have also serve as a board member of the jcc in Manhattan , on the investment advisory board for the rippowam cisqua School ( bedford , NY ) , and as trustee for several philanthropic organization . Mr. stern attend trinity College in hartford , Connecticut where he graduate with a bachelor of Arts in economics , and meet erika aronson he wife of 18 year . they live in malibu with they three child , two dog , and two bunny . 27 javier aguirresarobe asc ( director of photography ) Long time master of Spanish cinema , cinematographer javier aguirresarobe first gain international acclaim with secret of the heart which be select by american cinematographer as one of top fifty film since 1970 in term of photography . have already win six goya Award for best cinematography , as well as the National Film Award Spain 's high honor in this industry , aguirresarobe 's acclaim be further enhance work on the atmospheric thriller the other direct by alejandro amenabar and star Nicole kidman . he have since work on major american and International feature such as almodovar 's talk to her , amenabar 's the sea inside , which win a oscar® for best foreign Film and earn aguirresarobe he fifth goya , John hillcoat 's the road , base on the novel by cormac mccarthy , nominate for a BAFTA for best cinematography , and Woody Allen 's vicky cristina barcelona . aguirresarobe 's other film credit include : milo forman 's goya 's ghost , James ivory 's the CITY of you final destination , Chris weitz 's new moon and David slade 's eclipse , both the second and third film in the twilight series , weitz 's a better life , fright night , five year engagement , warm body and , most recently , identity thief star Jason Bateman and jessica mccarthy . in 2012 , javier be honore with a invitation to join the membership of the american Society of cinematographers . santo loquasto ( production designer ) design for theatre , film , dance and opera . he have receive three tony Award and have be nominate 15 time . Recent n.y. theatre design include the play '' wait for godot , '' '' fence , '' and '' wit . '' he have collaborate with Woody Allen on over 24 film , receive Academy award® nomination for the production design of radio day and bullet over broadway and for the costume design of zelig . he receive the merritt Award for excellence in Design and collaboration in 2002 , be induct into the theatre Hall of Fame in 2004 , receive the Pennsylvania Governor 's Award for the Arts in 2006 and the Robert l.b. tobin Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2007 . alisa lepselter ( editor ) mark she fifteenth collaboration with Woody Allen with blue jasmine . she first team with he on the critically acclaimed feature sweet and lowdown , and have since edit SMALL time crook , the curse of the jade scorpion , hollywood ending , anything else , melinda and melinda , match point , scoop , cassandra 's dream , vicky cristina barcelona ( for which she be nominate for a ace award ) , whatever work , you will meet a tall dark stranger , midnight in paris ( for which she receive another ace award nomination ) , and to rome with love . lepselter begin she editing career as a intern on Jonathan demme 's something wild . she have also work with such acclaimed filmmaker as Nicole holofcener , nora ephron , Francis Ford coppola , and Martin scorsese . 28 blue jasmine be suzy benziger 's ( costume designer ) fifth film as costume designer for Woody Allen , after whatever work , celebrity , deconstructing harry and the telefilm , don ’t drink the water . her other film credit include club paradise and walking the dog . a celebrate stage costume designer , benzinger 's credit include the Broadway production of '' miss saigon , '' '' ai not Broadway Grand , '' '' Saturday night fever , '' '' movin 's out , '' and '' a chorus line . '' benzinger begin she career in buffalo , New York , where she assist many top theatrical costume designer . after move to New York , she begin a nine - year association with designer theoni V. aldredge , where she contribute to the design of such film as ghostbuster , moonstruck , stanley & Iris , we're no angel , and annie , in addition to the Broadway musical '' 42nd Street , '' '' dreamgirl , '' '' La cage aux folle , '' '' woman of the Year , '' and '' gypsy . '' benzinger 's other work include the off -broadway production of '' boy in the Band , '' '' I do ! I do ! , '' '' mirette , '' and regional production of '' the runner stumble , '' '' cabaret , '' and many other musical . she have also design costume for whitney Houston , elton John , gloria estefan , Paula Abdul and other for Steve horn , Inc . juliet taylor ( caste director ) have work with some of the lead director of we time , include Mike Nichols , Steven spielberg , Woody Allen , Louis Malle , Martin scorsese , Alan parker , James L. brook , John schlesinger , Stephen frear , nora ephron , Neil Jordan and Sydney pollack . she have cast more than eighty film , with more than thirty of they for Woody Allen . among she credit be : schindler' list , term of endearment , sleepless in seattle , dangerous liaison , big , the grifter , MISSISSIPPI burning , the killing field , working girl , julia , taxi driver , network , pretty baby and the exorcist . she win a Emmy Award for casting on the HBO miniseries '' angel in America . '' her work with Woody Allen date back to love and death in 1975 and most recently include match point , cassandra's dream , scoop , vicky cristina barcelona , whatever work , you will meet a tall dark stranger , midnight in paris , and to rome with love . Taylor graduate from Smith College in 1967 , and join the staff of David merrick , remain there until the spring of 1968 . at that time , she go to work as a secretary to marion dougherty who be open a motion picture casting office in New York . in 1973 , when marion dougherty leave casting to produce film , Taylor run marion dougherty associate until 1977 , when she become director of East Coast caste for paramount picture . she leave that position in 1978 to cast motion picture independently . Prior to blue jasmine , patricia dicerto ( caste director ) serve as casting director on Woody Allen 's to rome with love , midnight in paris , you will meet a tall dark stranger , vicky cristina barcelona , cassandra's dream , match point , and scoop . she 's also cast such independent feature as joshua , 29 star Sam rockwell and Vera farmiga , flannel pajamas , star julianne nicholson and Justin kirk , eulogy , star Ray romano and debra winger , marie and bruce , star julianne Moore and Matthew broderick , once more with feeling , star chazz palminteri , drea dematteo and Linda fiorentino , and most recently the discoverer , star griffin dunne . in addition , dicerto have work alongside a number of the industry 's top casting director , include she longtime association with juliet Taylor . as a casting associate , dicerto have be involved in the casting of 14 Woody Allen film , and have have the opportunity to work with director such as James L. brook , Sydney pollack , Mike Nichols , Alan parker , nora ephron , and more recently with David frankel and Martin scorsese , among other . # # # 30