" body , rest &amp ; motion " screenplay by Roger hedden base on a play by Roger hedden shoot draft the screen be black fade in : int . shopping mall - day the camera look down on three level of escalator transport a smatter of southwestern shopper -- some in cowboy hat . as credit roll a series of angle of shopper be convey up and down . CUT to : ext . arizona desert - sunset a beautiful vista -- cacti and sage dot the landscape as it rise to mountain in the distance . end credit the camera pan revealing a island of modern culture -- mall and more mall , parking lot , and fast food franchise . fade in title : enfield , arizona a brown Pinto pull out of a parking lot and into rush hour traffic . int . pinto - dusk beth WALKER be drive . she look young , but she 's twenty - eight . she have a strong face and flash intelligent eye . she 's wear a waitress uniform from friendly 's . she 's deep in think . Beth pull up to stoplight and stop . SOUND : a gentle toot of car horn . Beth look up , startle . beth' Pov sid , a pleasant look twenty - four year old , be in a pick - up truck next to she . he smile and point up toward the traffic light . beth she look up toward the traffic light . traffic light they be red except for one with a light green arrow . beth and sid she pantomime that she 's in the wrong lane and want to go straight . sid pantomime that he will let she cut in front of he . SOUND : horn honk impatiently . the intersection Beth pull away in front of the pick - up truck . the honking continue . sid look back at the honk car , cheerfully wave to it . CUT to : ext . carol be house - night a tiny well - keep Spanish style home in lower middle class residential section . int . carol' live room - night it 's neat and smartly furnish -- discount swedish modern , frame deco poster , some nice plant . the only problem be it seem a little more like a well - design wait room than a home . there 's a empty ice bucket , several empty liquor bottle , and a swinging metal ball thingabobby on a chrome and glass coffee table in front of leather sofa . carol and nick be curl up together on the sofa , drink in hand . they be both in they late twenty . Carol 's dress in the casually stylish clothes wear by woman who work in shopping mall boutique . Nick 's clothes be frumple , a knit tie loose around he neck . they have achieve a state of contemplative drunkenness . Carol sip she drink . Nick sip he drink . Carol sip she drink . Nick bring he glass to he lip , hesitates ... nick ( flatly ) we be move . carol what ? nick ( enunciate ) we be go to move . carol ( after a beat ) when ? nick two day . carol in two day ?! nick yeah . Carol shake she head in weary disbelief . carol ( cover she hurt ) thanks for the news ... she knock back she drink . Nick brood . nick I have not know for long . I just decide . ( ruminate ) what do I need that make I make this decision ? Carol stare at he . he knock back he drink . carol you get I . she pour herself another drink . carol what do Beth say ? nick Beth ?... CUT to : int . beth' car - night she stop at a intersection . nick ( v.o. ) whatever make I happy . that 's what she say ... headlights flash from behind she . she turn and look . beth' Pov sid 's smile from he truck right behind she . he flash he light again . int . beth' pinto Beth look up in the rearview mirror , amused . rearview mirror sid turn off , disappear into the night . beth surprise to find herself vaguely disappointed , she drive on . CUT to : int . carol' kitchen - continuous it 's small , prefab , and tidy . it have a counter with shutter that open onto the live room . Nick be kneel , go through bottle in a cabinet . nick ( with / drunken desperation ) I know this place . Nick stand , with a almost empty bottle of johnny Walker Red . nick I know what happen here . he pour himself a drink . Carol shut the cabinet . nick I know what 's go to happen . Nick open a cabinet under the sink and toss the empty bottle in the trash . he begin to pace . Carol shut the cabinet and follow he with she gaze . as Nick speak , he gesture grandly with he drink , liquor splash unnotice over the side . nick ( burst with frustration ) the same job , same scenery , same people ... I have be in this town for year ... year !! carol ( flatly ) Three year . nick ( in despair ) oh , Carol ... carol I know ... he stop and slug back he drink . nick forever -- it seem forever . CUT to : int . beth' pinto - continuous Beth pull up to a stoplight , she face blank with think . she 's suddenly light by the flash of headlight go on and off . she look up and smile . ext . intersection - continuous sid 's pick - up truck be face she across the intersection . it slowly pull up beside she and stop . he smile and give a little wave of he hand . without know why , she smile and wave back . beth ( sweetly but firmly ) good-bye . she drive away . sid stare after she . CUT to : int . carol' live room - continuous Carol lift the end metal ball on the thingabobby and release it , start the chain reaction . she stare at it clack back and forth as she speak . carol how long a drive be it ? Nick pace . nick fourteen hour . carol that 's not bad . nick in a car ? it 's a fuckin ' nightmare . Carol stop the metal ball . she release two ball , start a new chain reaction . nick ( gripe ) and there 's no radio in Utah . it 's all religious program . carol get save . Nick slump on the sofa beside she . nick ( flatly ) no thanks . carol hey . think about this . you take a detour and go through Vegas -- you and Beth stop , see a show , have a nice romantic dinner -- play the slot , get the free drink ... nick ( interrupt ) too much money . the show . the meal . the slot . then the hotel -- that 's another hundred down the toilet . as Carol speak she poke at Nick . he fend off she blow . by the end of she speech she be on top of he mock -strangle he . carol ( jabbing Nick ) no , you skip the hotel . it 's night , the highway 's empty -- you can make good time . you start speed . you get stop in Utah by the cop -- you flunk the breathalizer , they haul you in . the judge be mormon -- you get fifteen year , you go to prison , but at least you life have take a direction ! Nick and Carol collapse into laughter . the front door open . beth ( call in ) I be here ! Beth step in . Carol quickly let go of Nick 's neck and get off he . nick and carol embarrass , they both smile self - consciously . there 's a awkward instant follow by too much cheerfulness . carol ( chipper ) hi! nick hi , honey . carol hi. beth stand in the doorway , awkwardly conscious of have interrupt something . beth ( with / force cheer ) hi. CUT to : ext . front lawn - night Nick and Beth be stand in the lawn , light by the glow of the porch lamp . both side of the street be line with nearly identical tiny faux Spanish house . beth g'night . the front doorway Carol wave . carol g'night . another angle including nick , beth , and carol nick ( call out ) pizza Hut , tomorrow ? carol okay . ( to Beth ) I have get the short shift -- you want I to come over , help pack ? beth great ... I be really sorry we do not tell you sooner . he just decide . carol smile to herself , a trace of sadness in she eye . carol I understand . she shut the door . nick and beth she start to walk across the lawn . she stop and stare at Nick , who 's stare out into the night , oblivious to she . beth I be tired . I be go to bed . he turn and look at she . nick what 's you problem ? beth I have not get a problem . nick okay . he walk up to she and past she -- when she do not fall into step , he stop . nick you agree to try billing . beth I know . ( in Nick 's word ) billing , Montana . City of the future . nick yeah and I read that a while ago -- so the future 's probably already there . she smile and shake she head . nick ( defensively ) it 's not like you be leave anything behind . a good job or something . beth just some friend . he put he arm around she waist from behind , and nestle she against he body . nick you will make new friend . beth I know . ( after a beat ) I be not eight year old . I know I will make new friend . nick then what be it ? she pull away from he and start walk to the house next door . he fall into step with she . beth ( uncomfortably ) I , umm ... I ... it embarrass I . when you talk about something with Carol that happen before I . she 's my best friend . it embarrass I that you use to live with she . nick that be year ago . beth Three year . nick that 's right . beth I know ... nick and we be move . she will not be you best friend anymore . they arrive at they front door . Beth take out she key . Nick stop she hand and kiss she . she kiss he back . nick live with someone be not such a big deal . she nod and look to the lock . nick anyway ... I live with you now . Beth look to Nick . he stare out at the night . CUT to : close -up : coffee -maker the coffee-maker clock hit nine o'clock . the coffee maker click on with a rattle . steam start to spew out . the coffee-maker make horrible gurgle sound . int . kitchen - continuous the kitchen be small and a little grimy , its furnishings fatigue . Nick stare at the coffee-maker in disbelief . he 's dress in a dress shirt , untied necktie , and slack . he 's carry a sportscoat with a sear ' employee name - tag attach . nick ( call out ) Beth !... Beth !! Beth walk into the kitchen , wear a robe and carry the paper . Nick point accusingly at the coffee maker as water pour down from around its top . nick it 's ... it 's raining ! beth it do that . she drop the paper on the kitchen table and get a mug off the counter . nick since we get it ? beth no. ( pour herself a cup ) lately . nick ( throw he jacket on a chair ) shit. ( agitate ) what 's wrong with it ? beth Water come out . nick shit. ( unplugge the coffee maker ) I hate this shit ! it never keep the coffee hot . and now this . he angrily wrap the cord around the coffee-maker . beth ( blow on she coffee ) it still work . nick ( adamant ) no . it do not . Water come out . beth okay . she sip she coffee . she flip open a box of dunkin ' donut . nick I could have get a new one . on my discount . now it 's too late . beth do you want a donut ? nick ( exasperate ) no . I want a appliance that work . Beth shrug and take a do nut out of the box . she lean against the counter , eat the donut . Nick walk past Beth and jam the coffee maker into the trash . nick this coffee maker be junk . Nick push a button on the blender . it make a horrible grinding whine . he unplug it . nick this blender 's junk . we t.v. be junk ! he jam the blender into the trash . nick I do not know why we be even bother to pack . beth ( through a mouthful of donut ) you get I . nick the t.v. get no channel . beth and it 's fifteen inch . nick ( shaking he head ) I can not believe we do not have a big t.v . beth we do not watch much . nick but at we age ... they stare at each other . Nick pick the almost full pint bottle of scotch off the counter and put it in he jacket pocket . Beth take another donut . beth why do not you take one ? nick I be not hungry . beth ( offhandedly ) not a donut . a t.v. nick take a t.v.? beth it 's you last day . nick like a bonus . beth yeah . CUT to : ext . nick and beth' carport - minute later Beth be hold a donut and she coffee mug . Nick toss he jacket into the front seat of he old sedan . nick I might do it . beth I say do it . ( after a beat ) sear can afford to give you a bonus . nick maybe they be . beth what do you mean ? nick maybe when I get my check today , there will be a bonus in it . beth ( evenly ) Nick . they fire you . nick yeah ... beth ( flatly ) there 's no bonus . nick yeah ... that 's true . ( shaking he head ) and I sell a lot of teevee for they ... Beth sip she coffee , wait for Nick to decide . beth ( calmly ) you should take a t.v. Nick look at he watch . nick I should go . ( sarcastically ) do not wanna be late on my last day . he kiss Beth , surprising she . he press against she . he take the donut from she hand and take a bite . Beth kiss Nick , he mouth still full of donut . beth mmmmm ... he kiss she fully , then break the kiss . nick I gotta go . CUT to : ext . mall parking lot - morning about hundred car dot the vast parking lot . Nick swing into a parking spot and get out of the car . he toss he jacket on the roof and crouch , tie he necktie use the car 's outside mirror . man' voice you livin ' in you car or what ? nick be Pov - in the mirror chip , a big redhead guy in he late thirty , wear a jacket and tie , be grin at the crouch Nick . Nick 's reflection grin back . nick just wait for the last second to put on the noose . ( tightening the tie ) so chip -- what 's new ? nick and chip Nick straighten up and grab he jacket . they start walk toward the mall . chip nothing much . ( broaching the subject ) I hear you be leave . nick yeah . I be outta here . they approach the employee entrance . chip they can you ? nick that 's what they think . chip yeah ? nick I be gonna quit anyway -- this way I get unemployment . chip good deal . Nick open the door . nick yeah ... recession insurance ... ( chip enter ) this way I be not stick wait around for the lay- off to start . Nick follow chip in . chip ( a hint of panic ) lay-off ? the door shut behind he . CUT to : close - up - newspaper the front page of the Phoenix sun-time -- the headline read " misery index soar " . Beth 's hand come into frame and crumple the page . int . kitchen - morning Beth stuff the paper in a glass and wrap the glass in another piece . she 's sit on the floor , surround by dish , newspaper , and cardboard liquor box . she add the wrap glass to a box . she hear the SOUND of a car door slamming , look up , then return to she pack . she reach behind herself into the trash , pull out the blender , and begin to wrap it . at the SOUND of the front door open , follow by a curious metallic clunking , she stand and hurry through the swinging door to the live room . int . live room - continuous the live room be sparsely furnish -- a sofa , a coffee table , a bookcase cluttere with a handful of paperbook , a couple of boardgame , a die cactus , etc . a crappy old fifteen inch t.v. on a t.v. tray . we see this for a moment before ... a paint-splatter cloth be unfurl filling the screen . it gently float down , revealing a painter and he shopping cart overload with supplies . he 's dress in paint - splatter clothes . a paint-splatter Red Sox cap be pull low over he eye , obscure he face . Beth stare in disbelief . without see she , the painter back up , he attention focus on spread the dropcloth . beth who be you ? sid ( not look up ) the painter . beth ( agitate ) what be you do ? sid Painting . the painter look up from the drop-cloth , ready to deal with this obstacle . he freeze . his face light up . it 's sid . sid ( extremely pleased ) well , good morning ... beth ( recognize he ) you ... sid ( extend a hand ) sid. Nice to see you again . Beth stare in agitate disbelief . with he untaken extend hand , he pull a long strip of mask tape from a roll around he wrist , mask one side of the door frame from top to bottom . beth why be you here ? sid Realty office like a fresh coat between tenant . beth ( pointedly ) we be still here . he stand on he tiptoe and put a strip of mask tape on the top edge of the doorframe . sid I have do this house before . ( admiringly ) I do a nice job . he mask the remain side of the door frame . beth can not you come back tomorrow ? sid tomorrow 's Sunday . beth yeah ...? sid the new people move in on Sunday . ( conversationally ) where be you move to ? beth ( wearily ) billing , Montana . sid move to a window . sid ( incredulous ) why ? beth it can not be worse than enfield , Arizona . sid pull a strip of tape off the roll . sid ( smile ) I have live in enfield my whole life . he hold out the end of the mask tape . sid could you hold this ? Beth take it . he walk backwards , ease a long strip of tape off the roll . sid I use this to mask . have you ever use mask tape to mask ? he tear the tape off the roll and stick it to the top of the baseboard in one corner . beth no . I have not . crouched , he waddle across the room toward Beth , apply the mask tape to the baseboard . he get to Beth , stand up , take the tape off she finger , and press it into place . sid a house like this , it 's real easy . hardly need a paint job . beth you can skip it . I will not tell . sid it need a fresh coat ... he hand she the end of the tape again and begin another baseboard . sid ...a little color . beth ( naturally curious ) what color be it gonna be ? sid off-white . he go along the floor press the mask tape to the baseboard . beth it 's already off -white . sid no . it 's white . it 's just dirty . Beth look at the wall . he 's right . sid now if it be my house , I would choose a color ... Beth kneel down , hold the tape , as he arrive at she end of the wall . sid I would not choose off-white . Beth hold out the tape . they be kneel next to each other . beth what would you choose ? sid the color of you eye . ( pause , without look ) hazel . Beth stare at sid . sid look to Beth . smiling , he take the tape from she finger . CUT to : ext . pizza hut - afternoon a oasis in the center of a pack mall parking lot . Carol hurry toward the front entrance in a snappy skirt and blazer combo , a bullock 's name tag attach to she lapel . int . pizza hut - continuous Nick be sit at a booth , a beer in front of he , lose in think . Carol arrive , drop a gift - wrap box on the table , and scoot into the booth . carol sorry I be late , the new girl 's a moron . nick ( look to the present ) what 's that ? carol go away present . Nick take it . nick thanks . he quickly unwrap it . nick ( happily ) a map ! carol I think you might need it . nick ( unfold it ) I do ! I have a map -- I lose it . he spread the map out over the table . carol ( organize ) let 's highlight you route . a map of the western half of the u.s.a. fill the frame . Carol 's hand , hold a bright red feel - tip pen , enter frame . carol ( o.s. ) here 's enfield . she circle it . Nick 's finger enter frame . nick ( o.s. ) here 's billing . Carol circle billing . Nick 's finger start to trace the route . Carol 's pen follow , mark the route . halfway to billing , Nick 's finger abruptly stop . Carol stop the pen at the same point . nick ( o.s. ) look at this -- right there -- that 's the town I be bear in . nick and carol he look to she for a reaction . nick ( emphatically ) where I grow up . where my parent 's live ... be not that a coincidence ? carol visit they . nick ( shaking he head ) oh ... no ... carol you be go to be drive by . nick no ... ( shaking he head ) they be not near the interstate . ( sort of chagrine ) I have not even call they in year . carol you might as well visit . nick ( adamantly ) no. ( shrugging ) I would not know they . Nick start to fold the map -- very unsuccessfully . nick shit . carol let I . Nick hand she the map . she deftly fold it in one motion and hand it back to he . nick thanks . he lean over the table and kiss she . she stand . carol I be starve . CUT to : int . beth and nick's live room - afternoon two of the wall gleam with fresh paint . sid be painting with long -handle roller . Beth , enter , hesitates , and then -- consciously ignore he -- walk by with a pack box and add it to the stack by the front door . sid I be lucky I do not have to kill they . beth ( not a line she be expect ) what ? sid if they be dark , I would have to put a layer of kill down first . Beth start back to the kitchen . sid and the camera follow . sid so the dark paint would not shine through the off-white . int . kitchen - continuous the dish be mostly pack . beth oh . she pick up two empty liquor box . sid kill 's a oil base paint . Beth carry the box out of the kitchen -- sid and the camera follow . int . live room - continuous Beth walk right on through follow by the talk sid and the camera . sid it cover the old paint so that you would never know it be there , but it give off fume when it 's drying . Beth go into the small hallway , sid and the camera follow . int . hallway - continuous Beth walk toward the bedroom , sid right behind she . sid noxious fume . they would find we on the floor unconscious . they enter the bedroom , the camera following . int . bedroom there 's a queen-size bed , a bureau , a mirror , and a closet . Beth take the box to the closet . beth they ? sid sit on the bed , check it 's firmness . sid the " they " that find people ... beth ( interject ) Nick . sid ...unconscious . beth ( flatly ) Nick . ( after a beat ) the man I live with . sid ( smile ) I guess he would be the " they " . beth he would find we . and he would be surprised . sid get off the bed and with a grin , gingerly pat out the wrinkle he 's make in the bed spread . CUT to : ext . mall parking lot - afternoon Nick and Carol be walk away from the pizza Hut , across a huge parking lot , toward a large mall . Cars circle past they , search for close spot . nick ( doggedly ) it be the drive that kill we . San Antonio to Seattle be just too many hour in a car . if we would have fly , we would have make it . carol ( shaking she head ) no ... nick thing be all right in bed . carol but the rest of the time they be ... awful . nick ( hurt ) really ? carol ( flatly ) Nick . we could not stand each other . we stop in enfield and just stay . nick ( after a beat ) why do not you go on to Seattle ? it be you car . Carol stop . on she face , the answer to he question be clear -- she be stick on Nick then and she 's still stick on he now . but she would never let he know that . carol ( dryly ) Big tree scare I . she start walk . Nick hurry up beside she . they walk side by side for a few pace before the shotdown Nick come up with a new ploy to win favor . nick ( casually ) I be think about steal a t.v. CUT to : int . nick and beth' bedroom hallway - afternoon Beth 's take extra sheet and towel from the linen closet and pack they in liquor box . sid enter from the live room . sid ( cheerfully ) I be do in there . I will not paint the ceiling ' till you have move the furniture out . beth I do not think we be go to take much of the furniture . sid no ? beth it 's ugly . sid I kind of like the sofa . beth it 's a sofa bed . sid you be not go to take it ? beth ( flatly ) it weigh two thousand pound . sid can I have it ? beth it 's yours . sid excellent . int . the live room - continuous the furniture be kind of ugly , but the wall look great . the whole room seem brighter , almost magically more cheerful . sid run into the room and flop onto the sofa . he settles in and sigh contentedly . the front door burst open . sid leap up . Carol race into the room . carol ( excited ) Nick 's gonna steal a t.v.! she see sid and freeze . carol who be you ? sid the painter . Beth hurry into the live room . beth ( excitedly ) he 's really gonna do it ? carol he say yes . Carol glance pointedly at sid then return she attention to Beth . carol ( conspiratorilly ) we have get to talk . sid ( piping in ) about the crime ? carol ( sharply ) there 's no crime . sid Nick 's gonna steal a t.v. carol that 's just a expression . sid I have never hear that expression . carol ( witheringly ) it 's make the round . College student use it . sid ( to Beth ) where 's he steal it from ? beth sear . carol ( incredulous ) you want he to know ? beth he know . he do not care . ( to sid ) do you care ? sid ( enthusiastically ) I be interested . crime 's interesting . I read the papers . beth it 's not a crime . carol it 's justice . beth poetic justice . sid how ? beth they fire he . sid ( deduce ) he 's get motive . carol ( exasperate ) who be this guy ?! beth the painter . sid ( helpfully ) sid. he hold out a hand to shake . Carol stare at he outstretch hand . carol ( point blank ) no . Carol take Beth by the arm and lead she away from sid . she stare back over she shoulder at sid . take the hint , he begin to stir a can of paint , assume a air of indifference . Carol turn she attention back to Beth . carol ( purposefully ) he need you at the store . beth ( tinged with apprehension ) he need I ? CUT to : int . sear television department - continuous Nick be stand next to rory , a precocious eight year old boy who 's stare at a soap opera on a big screen t.v. as Nick and rory talk , the soap actor and actress passionately embrace . nick you lookin ' or buyin ' ? rory lookin ' . I hate television . nick yeah . what do you like ? rory movie . nick ( shaking he head ) no ... rory I do . nick ( lay it out ) you see ... you go to a movie , you be there . rory listen attentively . nick you watch t.v. , you be thirteen place at once . as many channel as you get , that 's as many place as you be . you get cable ? you be forty place at once . you get a satellite dish ?... rory you be all over the world . nick exactly . in the background , on the big screen t.v. , the soap actress break the embrace and point a gun at the actor . nick you be everywhere . the soap actress shoot the actor . he stare at she in overact disbelief and slump to the floor . nick it 's call freedom . CUT to : int . beth' live room - continuous Carol watch as sid whistle cheerfully , rip the long strip of mask tape off the trim . carol ( with / attitude ) this be what you do ? sid I also mow lawn . carol which be you career ? sid Painting . I be a inside person . ( confidentially ) mowing grass be seasonal . carol ( dryly ) that be true . sid wad the tape into a big ball . sid ( disarmingly ) you have get a nice tan . carol ( not disarm ) I work on it . sid shoot the tape ball into he shopping cart of supplies . sid do you want to get stone ? Carol think for a moment . it 's be a long time and she 's not crazy about he be there . carol ( after a beat ) yeah . sid take a joint out of he shirt pocket . sid this kind of painting -- for people I will not know -- it 's boring . ( lighting the joint ) it 's not very good . it 's homegrown . he take a drag . carol yeah ? sid but it will get you fuck up . he hand the joint to Carol . carol take a drag on the joint like a old pro . sid ( o.s. ) it will take you someplace . Carol choke back wheeze and then explode in a cough fit . CUT to : int . appliance CENTER - later Nick and major jenkins , a uniform military man in he late forty , be stand in front of a wall of silent color television . on the t.v.s a nearly identical pair of local anchors smile they way through the news . nick have you think about american ? major jenkins no . nick I own a american set . I be very satisfied . major jenkins I want japanese . nick I will tell you ... Nick put he arm around the man 's shoulder and guide he toward a display case . nick ... the thing be , a hundred and fifty dollar get you very little in the way of japanese technology . major jenkins oh. they stop at the case . Nick point . nick it would get you that t.v. close - up a tiny two inch casio television play " gilligan 's Island " . nick and jenkins Nick look to see the jenkin 's reaction . Jenkins stare dumbfounded at the tiny t.v. he look to Nick . major jenkins it 's for my parent . nick you parent ? major jenkins yes . they live with I ... Beth enter the frame . Nick do not see she . major jenkins ... and they want japanese . Nick stifles a strange urge to giggle . Beth try to subtly get Nick 's attention . major jenkins be there a problem ? nick ( control the giggle ) no ... I , uh , just never think of adult as have parent . major jenkins ( flatly ) they do . nick ( agreeably ) I know ... Beth fake cough to get he attention . Nick see she . nick I be a adult , I have parent . Nick turn to Beth with a burst of salesman cheer . nick oh , miss , I have get you receipt ! Beth approach they , still not sure what Nick 's up to . beth ( act cheerful ) oh ... great ! Nick hold out the receipt . nick this be all you need . Beth take the receipt . beth ( puzzle , but play along ) thanks ... nick ( personably ) now you just take this receipt out , give it to the guy at the load dock and they will give you you brand new beautiful television set . beth ( throw ) I get the t.v...? nick ( cheerfully ) out back . they will help load it in you car and everything . beth ( flatly ) I get the t.v. nick out back . Nick turn he full attention to the man . nick think about american . they be mostly japanese part anyway . Beth stare at Nick , amaze that he 's manage to come up with a plan that have she take the television . beth Excuse I , I just ... nick ( interrupt , pleasantly ) miss ... I be help this customer here , perhaps you might ... ( firmly , a salesman 's put -off ) you might want to see someone else . beth ( pointedly ) you can not help I ? nick ( after a beat , then with finality ) not really . CUT to : int . sear - continuous Beth ride down on the escalator , the receipt clench in she hand , surround by other shopper , as a tinny muzak version of the " theme from the Mary Tyler Moore show " drone on in the background . conflict emotion cloud she face . CUT to : close - up - a huge t.v. BOX sid ( o.s. ) how would you do it ? beth ( o.s. ) Nick sell a demo , write it up like a new set , and give I the receipt . as sid 's jacknife enter frame and zip through the pack tape , the camera pull back to reveal ... int . live room - continuous the sun be low , give the room a golden glow . sid and Beth be sit on the sofa , the t.v. box on the floor in front of they . sid open the television box . slowly , he pull out the sheet of bubble pack plastic . he pop several of the bubbles . sid ( savore the bubble plastic ) excellent . beth maybe I should just leave it pack ... sid c'mon ! you steal it . you gotta see it ! hold the box . Beth hold the box . sid start to lift out the television . sid ( urgently ) wait ! Beth look to he , anxiously . sid I think I hear the police . Beth listen , nervously . sid grin . beth ha ha ha. ( a amused realization ) you be stone ! sid ( innocently ) I ? beth you be be silly and you have get bunny eye . embarrass , sid pull visine from a pocket and drip it in he eye as he speak . sid I be a little stone ... not that stone . beth no ? sid no. ( after a beat ) Carol 's really stone . beth you get Carol stone ? sid very stone . beth I do not think she like you . sid she do not . but she like get stone . beth ( smile ) she do . sid there 's nothing like drug to create a quick and shallow friendship . Beth laugh . sid ( rub he hand ) let 's look at the loot . sid pull the t.v. up and out of the box . he sit back on the sofa , the t.v. in he lap . the t.v. be spectacular -- huge , metallic , and ultra-modern . sid ( very impressed ) Jesus ... you do not fool around . beth ( with / mix emotion ) this be the nicest thing I have ever own . Beth stare at the television . sid stare at Beth . she meet he eye , then look quickly back to the television . CUT to : int . / ext . sedan - enfield be MAIN drag - dusk Nick be drive . his face be bead with sweat as he drag heavily on a cigarette . he push the button on he radio , get news broadcast . newsman' voice and in canton , Ohio today , a man open fire in a mall , kill nine and wound seventeen other . initial report indicate the young man be a disgruntled employee ... Nick turn the radio off . he pull the scotch bottle from he jacket and take a slug . he jerk he necktie loose and slip it over he head . he toss it into the back seat . nick's sedan swerve into a vast mall parking lot . ext . mall parking lot - minute later through the flow of traffic , we see Nick stand at a payphone on the outside wall of a Red lobster Restaurant . Nick speak urgently into the phone , punctuate he conversation with edgy body language . abruptly , he hang up . CUT to : int . carol' kitchen - continuous Carol hang up a wallphone . she lean against the refridgerator , she expression a control blank . she turn she head and look out she kitchen window . carol' Pov through Nick and Beth 's live room window , we see sid struggle under the weight of the t.v. as Beth laughingly gesture where she want it . CUT to : int . beth and nick's live room - continuous Beth and sid be kneel on the floor in front of the t.v. play on the t.v. a rock video feature girl , guitar , and the endless highway . beth it 's a beautiful picture . sid take the remote from Beth and turn the volume up very loud . sid ( enthusiastically ) Nice speaker ! Carol enter through the front door , unseen by the mesmerize to v. viewer . beth ( happily ) yeah ! ( with / happy disbelief ) fuckin ' Nick ... sid and Beth stare at the television , completely engross . Carol stare at they for a long moment . carol ( over the din , dryly ) hi , kid . startle , sid and Beth jump back . they look at each other and laugh . beth ( cheerfully ) come see ! Beth turn the volume down as Carol come and look at the t.v. carol ( impressed ) I should have have he steal I one , too . beth you can come over and watch . Carol look to Beth , a quizzical expression on she face . sid ( to Beth , quietly ) you be move . beth ( with / a tinge of sadness ) oh. right. ( to Carol ) sorry . carol forget it ... Beth turn off the t.v. there 's a moment of awkward silence as they all stare at the blank screen . carol ( break the silence , pointedly ) how 's the painting go ? sid ( shaking he head ) too many distraction . I will be at it all night . carol you have bad work habit . sid not when I be actually work . ( stand ) I better get set up in the kitchen . he go to he shopping cart of supplies . Carol and Beth stare at the television . the television stare back at they , gleamingly modern . carol it make teevee seem very futuristic . sid ( at the kitchen door ) that 's ' cause you be stone . carol I be hardly stone . she look to Beth . Beth be grin . carol ( mitigating ) it be homegrown . beth ( teasing ) want some visine ? carol ( flatly ) no. sid ( o.s. ) ( call out ) it get the red out . the visine come fly into frame . Carol fumble , then catch it . carol ( dryly ) thank you . Carol tilt back she head and manuever the visine . carol shit . miss the eye , get the face . beth need help ? carol yeah . Beth go to she and take the visine . beth okay . ( hold Carol 's arm ) tilt you head back . carol Beth ... beth stop fidget . she put a drop in one eye . Carol flinch . carol get it . beth next eye . carol wait a second . Carol blink and wipe a visine tear off she cheek . carol ( nodd to the kitchen , in a conspiratorial whisper ) he really want to get in you pants . beth ( smile ) my pants be take . she tilt Carol 's head back . beth why do not you go for he ? carol he like you . Beth put a drop in Carol 's eye . Carol flinch and rub she eye . beth I wish Nick would get back and help with the pack . she sigh , cheerfully exasperate . beth he 's probably get drunk with the stockboy ... ( after a beat ) that 's what he 's probably do . Carol brace herself . carol Beth ... ( pause , then with difficulty ) listen ... they stare into each other 's eye . after a long moment Carol avert she eye and look down . beth ( simply ) he 's go . carol yeah . beth ( badly shake ) where would he call from ? carol he say the highway . Beth take a deep breath , control she emotion . beth I have to do something . carol I will help . beth I have get to be out of here Sunday . that 's tomorrow . carol you can come to my place . beth ( stunne ) he 's go . Beth sink onto the arm of the sofa to support herself . carol ( gently ) he 's a asshole . close - up : beth the truth make its way deeply into she . beth ( a half whisper ) fuckin ' Nick ... CUT to : ext . highway - night the lightly travel highway cut a straight line through the desert . Nick 's sedan pull off into a service station with a giant teepee beside it . ext . service station the wind be roaring , kick up swirl of grey dust in the flourescent light of the service station . a teenage navajo boy be fill Nick 's tank . Nick lean against the car stare at the giant teepee . nick nobody life in that , right ? navajo teen gift shop . but it close at seven . nick ( cheerfully shrugging ) I get no one to shop for . a gust of wind send dust into Nick 's eye . nick shit. ( rub he eye ) fuckin ' wind ... navajo teen yeah . nick ( sincerely ) what do it mean ? navajo teen High pressure field come in -- should bring some nice weather . nick no . the wind itself , you know what I mean , you be a indian ... navajo teen ( correct he ) I be a navajo . nick yeah , so you be in tune with this stuff ... navajo teen ( check the pump ) it 's thirteen buck . nick ( he train of think break ) oh ... right . Nick pull a bill out of he wallet and hold it out . nick here 's a twenty . the navajo Teen take the bill and take a wad of bill from he pocket . Nick stare out at the moonlit desert and the mountain rise in the distance . nick so what do the wind mean ? like as a omen or something , you know -- ( make he voice mystical ) -- a change be come to the people . -- the spirit of freedom be walk the land . ( flatly ) that kind of meaning ... navajo teen ( hand he money ) fourteen , fifteen and five make twenty . he open Nick 's car door for he . navajo teen the wind be . it 's the wind like I be a navajo . nick that 's it ? the navajo teen nod . nick shit . he get in the car , he mood darken , and pull he door shut with a slam . nick ( out the window ) it would be better if mean something . the navajo teen shrug . Nick start the engine . CUT to : int . a bar in enfield - night a dimly light room fill with raucous customer and lot of neon beer sign . Waitress in red dress tote pitcher of brew to the thirsty throng . at the far end a band play a foot-stompin ' good time tune about a trucker on he way to see he woman . the camera move through the crowd and discover Carol and Beth sit at a small table , a almost finish pitcher of beer between they . they speak loudly to be hear over the din . carol he say he need to be alone again . learn about himself . make a fresh start in a new town . Beth shake she head then take a sip of she beer -- it taste bitter in she mouth and she put she glass down in disgust . carol ( after a beat ) he 's sorry . Beth stare at she beer . Carol put a hand comfortingly on Beth 's arm . carol he say he would have call you , but you phone 's disconnect . ' Cause you be move . ( after a beat ) he 's always be a asshole . ( after a beat ) you will be all right . beth yeah ... carol ( gently ) I be here . beth I know that . a big-haire waitress approach the table . waitress you ready for another ? Carol look to Beth . beth oh ... uh , no ... carol we be fine . waitress be Nick come in ? Carol throw the waitress a look that could kill . Beth take a deep breath . CUT to : int . / ext . nick's sedan - highway - night Nick stare at the road ahead . he take rapid drag on a cigarette . the radio be barely audible over the roar of the wind through the open window . preacher' voice ( cover by static ) " and he arise and come to he father , but when he be still a great way off , he father see he and have compassion , and run and ... " Nick turn the radio off . he fumble the cigarette into the ashtray . he take a pint of scotch from the front seat , uncap it , take a slug , take another slug , recaps it , and drop it back on the seat . he stare at the road . he look down to the front seat and find the map . he split he attention between the road and unfold the map . the wind catch the map . the map billow up , cover he face . lose control of the car , Nick slap it down . a car horn blare . Nick jerk the car back into he lane , bat the map down again , and pull off to the side of the road . he stop the car and slam the shift into park . he open he door a crack , turn on the dome light . he smooth out the map on the dashboard . billing and enfield be mark with Carol 's big red circle . close - up - the map Nick 's finger trace from enfield toward billing along the route Carol highlight with the red feel - tip . halfway to billing , the red line stop . Nick 's finger stop . nick he stare at the map . CUT to : int . beth' live room - continuous Beth come in the front door . the sound of sid whistling come softly from the kitchen . Beth stare at the t.v. for a moment then stride purposefully toward the kitchen . int . beth' kitchen - continuous sid be stand on the counter mask the top sill of the kitchen window . there 's half a donut hang from he mouth . Beth come through the swinging door . beth ( forcefully ) you have live here you whole life ? the half - donut fall from the startle sid 's mouth . sid ( after a beat ) yeah . beth ( increduously ) you have never go anywhere ? he pick up the half - donut . sid travel have no allure for I . beth none ? sid climb down and sit on the counter , drop the half - do nut back into the donut box . sid maybe through time . beth ( smile ) that 's not offer . sid so I stay here . beth why ? sid ( the simple truth ) it 's my home . I belong here . beth I be serious . so be sid -- but he realize Beth do not believe it can be as simple as that . sid my father say if you stay in one place long enough you luck know where to find you . beth ( wryly ) maybe that 's my problem . sid ( carefully ) maybe it be ... sid hold out the box of donut to she . beth thanks . she take a donut and fiddle with it . beth you think you father know the truth ? sid he 's a bartender . ( smile ) he 's live here he whole life . beth have he luck find he ? sid not yet . ( after a beat ) but it 's probably very close . Beth smile weakly . abruptly , she drop she donut back in the box . sid ( cautiously ) be you all right ? beth ( apologetically ) must be the paint fume ... she open up the back door and step out . sid stare at the empty doorway . ext . back stoop - continuous Beth stand in the moonlight , stare out at the star . beth ( contemplatively dubious ) you find what you want here ? sid step out behind she . sid it seem that way . beth yeah ? sid ( simply ) I find you . beth oh. no ... she walk out into the backyard . sid follow she . sid ( earnestly ) we never meet before last night ... the moonlight through the orange tree cast a magical air about the backyard . Beth stop by a swingset . sid ... but we know each other . Beth stiffen . beth no ... she walk away from he . he watch she intently . sid leave it behind . she look to he . beth leave what behind ? sid unhappiness . beth ( amused ) that be a bad answer . sid ( seriously ) no . it be true . Beth stare at sid . beth it 's not . sid come hold I . ( after a beat ) come hold I , and you will be happy . beth ( dryly ) I will find happiness . right . in you arm . sid yes . beth in you . sid yes . beth but I will not . I have to find happiness in myself . sid no . that 's wrong . ( go toward she ) people tell you that , but it 's wrong . she turn away from he . he stand behind she , close . sid I have live with people who have that happiness from within . that happiness -- it 's just they be pleased with themselves . it 's not enough . it 's a lonely thing . she turn and face he . the moonlight cast a pale glow over they . she stare in he eye for a long moment . she step back from he . beth you be show how young you be . sid no. I be not . I be show you a way . you know that . and you know I . ( after a beat ) and I know you . she walk away from he , back to the swingset . beth I do not know you . sid follow and take she arm , turn she to face he . sid you know . beth ( after a beat , defensively ) I know you want to fuck I . he pull she very close . he let go of she arm so she be stand against he , unrestrained . sid be that what you know ? Beth stare at he face for a long time . beth I know ... she kiss he , suddenly , long and slow . beth ( whisper ) I know you . they kiss , pull each other tight . they lose they balance and stagger against the swingset , kissing passionately . Beth pull back . beth ( with / fierce intensity ) I know you . sid that 's right . CUT to : ext . two - story suburban ranch house - night a canopy of star hang over it . int . nick's sedan - continuous Nick be park , stare at the house . the roadmap be on the seat beside he . he take a drink from a half empty pint of scotch . he screw the cap on and drop the bottle on the map . he step out of the car , unsteadily . ext . ranch house's front lawn - continuous Nick walk toward the door . he stop , stare at the door and start back for he car . he stop , shake he head , and walk quickly to the front door . front porch Nick stand , stare at the door . he knock . he wait impatiently , then pound on the door . on he third pound the light in the house suddenly go on . over nick's shoulder the door abruptly open . mr. august , a eighty year old man , stand in the doorway . he wear pajamas , slipper , and a long robe . he be over six and a half foot tall . nick and mr. august Nick , startle , step back . Mr. August stare at he . Nick compose himself . nick Excuse I ... Mr. August stare at he . nick Excuse I ... I be ... I be look for my parent . Mr. August calmly put he hand over he ear , and slowly shake he head . nick my mother , my father ... they ... elizabeth , a fifteen year old girl step out from behind Mr. August . she seem very small next to Mr. August . he put a hand on she shoulder . she stare at Nick . nick ( uncomfortably ) hello . elizabeth hello . nick ( exhaling in relief ) oh ... good ... ( to the point ) this be my house . I , uhh ... mean this be the house I grow up in . Nick look past they into the house . elizabeth ( nodd to Mr. August ) this be he house now . nick Nice to meet you . he hold out a hand to Mr. August , who slowly shake it . elizabeth he 's deaf . nick ( loudly ) Nice to meet you . elizabeth he 's stone deaf . nick oh. ( uncomfortably ) yelling do not help . elizabeth no . Nick break the handshake . Mr. August smile at he . Nick look to Elizabeth . nick my name be Nick , Nick brennan . he wait for she to introduce herself . she do not . nick do you know the brennan ? elizabeth no . nick they live here . they use to live here . I use to live here with they ... Elizabeth stare at he . Nick try he salesman charm . nick what 's you name ? elizabeth Elizabeth . nick no ... elizabeth yes . nick I know a Elizabeth . ( quietly ) I call she Beth . CUT to : int . beth' bedroom - continuous bath in moonlight , sid and Beth make tender passionate love . sid have never want someone so much and Beth have never feel so want . Beth cling to sid as if she be afraid of be sweep away ... and then she be . dissolve to : int . mr. august' dine room - later a chandelier cast a gently sparkling golden glow . the camera tilt down to reveal ... Mr. August , Elizabeth and Nick , sit at a large antique dining room table . Nick be eat a sandwich , a untouched glass of milk in front of he . Mr. August and Elizabeth watch he , expectantly . Nick notice this . nick ( swallow ) this be a good sandwich . elizabeth thank you . nick ( abruptly nodd toward Mr. August ) when do he move here ? would he know where the people before he go ? elizabeth no . he would not remember . nick you be sure ? elizabeth yes . he do not remember anymore . nick oh. ( take a deep breath ) he can not help I . elizabeth no . Nick look around the familiar room , strike by the absurdity of the situation . nick ( with wry awareness ) I have lose my parent . Nick smile weakly at Elizabeth . elizabeth ( matter - or-factly ) do you lose they both at the same time ? nick be that like a joke ? elizabeth no . nick then yes . I lose they both at the same time . elizabeth I lose mine one at a time . ( after a beat ) last year . Nick realize she 's talk about death . nick I be sorry . that 's tragic . I should ... elizabeth ( interrupt ) six month apart . body failure . Separate body failure . nick I be really sorry . ( stand ) I should go . Mr. August slowly stand as Elizabeth follow Nick toward the foyer . elizabeth first my father 's heart keep start and stop . nick ( nodd ) attack ... in the foyer Nick edge toward the door follow by Elizabeth and Mr. August . elizabeth my mother and I be with he in the hospital and he would grab at we , he would grab my arm and hold on . nick that 's very sad ... ( after a beat , back toward the door ) I have really gotta be go . I , uh ... thank you again for the sandwich . delicious ... elizabeth right before my mother die , she say -- " Elizabeth . you be adopt . " Nick stop in he track , he hand on the doorknob . nick have you find you real parent ? elizabeth no . two be enough to lose . Nick stare at she -- the sad truth of she statement sink in . elizabeth I be not alone . I have my grandfather . Nick look down . he be alone . he have no one . nick ( open the door ) listen ... he look into she eye . Elizabeth suddenly grab he arm . he stare at she , not know what to do . she hold he arm tightly for a moment , then let go . elizabeth I be sorry . she step back from Nick , against she grandfather . elizabeth ( in explanation ) he 's stone deaf . Nick stare at Elizabeth . nick I have to go . and he hurry out the door into the night . CUT to : int . beth' bedroom - night Beth be sit up in bed , sid lean back against she , she arm wrap around he . sid ( after a beat ) I would like to stay right here ... beth I have to be out tomorrow . sid in this moment ... enjoy this moment . they both lie perfectly still . a flicker of sadness cross Beth 's face . beth ( hushed ) the moment 's go . sid ( shaking he head ) it can go on as long as we want . Beth lean he back , cradling he in she arm . she stare at he , a quizzical expression on she face . beth ( skeptically ) have you ever be in a relationship ? sid no. ( after a beat ) I be marry ... but it be not really a relationship . beth ( incredulous ) you be not marry ... sid two year . right out of high school . Beth ponder this for a moment . beth do I remind you of she ? sid no. beth ( relieved ) thank God . sid run he hand over she body . sid you have beautiful skin ... she skin be polka-dotted . beth freckle ... sid when we be kid we call she " Spot " . beth ( laugh ) what happen ? sid she disappear . Beth look to sid . he 's stare off . beth ( after a beat ) be she ever find ? a flicker of loss cross he face . sid no. not by I ... ( look to Beth ) I do not go look . Beth stare at he , uncertainly . he lean up and gently trace circle on Beth 's skin . sid she want to meet someone new . I ask she " why ? " -- she say , " because he will not know I from before . just now . just what I be now . " Beth look to he , puzzle . sid I know she ... on playground ... in Sunday School ... all that grade -- I know she as she change . but she be still the same person . all the time I know she , she be still she . ( after a beat ) she can not get away from that . he hold Beth tightly . sid you stay in one place , and all that thing that be you ... be there . she do not understand that if you leave , they be still there , in you -- but they stop be clear . you stop know who you be , and what you want . beth you have stay here and you know who you be ? he move away from Beth . sid I see the lawn I mow , house I have paint , face I know ... my parent ... and I be constantly remind of who I be . beth and you know what you want . sid I want you . beth oh. sid I want to be inside you . beth good. ( after a beat ) come here and put it inside I . sid no ... I want to be able to put myself inside of you . beth do this be as close as you get . Beth pull sid close , bring he into she . beth come here . sid I love you . she hold he tightly . beth come inside I . sid arch away from she . sid Beth ? beth yes ? sid what do you want ? beth ( uncertainly ) I want ... I want ... Beth pull sid back to she . beth ( with / quiet urgency ) come inside I . they hold each other tightly . CUT to : int . / ext . nick's sedan - night Nick look like hell -- he eye red , he hair a mess . the nearly empty scotch bottle be on the dashboard . the car window be open , the roar of the wind compete with the blast radio . Nick suddenly jerk the wheel over . ext . abandoned rest stop - continuous the sedan screech off the highway into the abandon rest area . it stop face a batter phone booth -- the engine turn off but the headline stay shine on the phone booth . in the sedan Nick turn off the radio . it be suddenly very quiet -- only the occasional lonely drone of a truck pass on the highway . he take a deep breath . int . phone booth - moment later Nick be stand in the phone booth , harshly light by he headlight . nick ( into the phone ) could you give I the number for information in Arizona ?... thank you . Nick dial with drunken concentration . nick ( into the phone ) enfield . Carol , Carol , umm ... ( mortify ) Carol ... Carol something ... shit ! he hang up . he hit himself in the head in angry disbelief . he hurriedly dial zero and listen for a moment , desperately summoning up all he salesman charm . nick ( into the phone ) hello Janet , thank you for be my operator . I hope you can help I , I need to call my home . Nick listen impatiently . nick well , I will tell you my number , but there 's a problem . my phone 's be disconnect , not because of bill , I mean we pay all we bill . we be hardly ever even late . we be very good customer , but we be move , so we have the phone disconnect . but now I need to call ... the woman I live with . she 's still there and I have get to let she know where I be . Nick listen , shaking he head emphatically . nick I do not know any of the neighbor . I know one , but I can not remember she last name . ( he listen , frustrated ) no. no. no . you see you have to be able to help I , this be not a prank , it 's my home phone , this be a emergency . ( he listen , then urgently ) yes it can , it can be do . someone there can hook the phone back up . it 's not like a phone guy come to we house to disconnect the phone , nobody come to we house , someone just flip a switch somewhere , somewhere there where you work , or plugge something into a computer and we phone stop work ! ( he listen ) they turn it off , they can turn it back on ! ( he listen , start to panic ) I know it 's the week - end ! I know ! call they at home ! they will have a computer at they house , they will have a phone thing to hook it up to the real computer ! that 's how this people live ! they will be glad to do it !... Nick listen . suddenly all he energy drain away . nick ( crestfallen ) no. no . I can not have the police go to the house . that will not work , there be circumstance . ( desperately ) it 's you ... you have get to help I ! please ! I have gotta call home ! I can not wait . it could be too late ! Janet !! you have gotta help I ! please ! you can reconnect I . please !! do not hang up ! do not hang up !! he hurl the receiver at the phone . nick you fucker !! you heartless ... Nick double over , retching , clutching the side of the booth . telephone recording " if you would like to make a call , please hang up and try again . if you need help ... " CUT to black : fade in : int . beth' bedroom - morning sid be sprawle out over the bed , sleep , Beth nestle against he . she stir and cuddle closer . suddenly she realize it 's not Nick . she pull away , orientate herself . she quickly scoot out of bed and hurriedly pull on a pair of jeans . the alarm clock clang . Beth look about for the alarm . she tensely scatter some box . she dump one , find the alarm and shut it off . she stare at the clock and drop it into a box . sid ( o.s. ) ( cheerfully ) Morning . Beth cringe slightly and turn to face sid . sid and beth beth ( attempt a smile ) hi. sid ( grin ) hi. beth I do not want to wake you . sid ( cheerfully ) I be awake . I be a morning person . beth I be not . sid then why do not you come back to bed ? beth I have get to pack . sid ( sit up ) where do we start ? beth ( firmly ) no. ( soften ) you paint . she look around the room litter with box and pile of clothes . beth I will manage . sid ( cheerfully ) whatever you say . sid get out of bed , wrapping the sheet around himself . Beth stare at the room . she suddenly tremble . she steady herself on the bed table . beth oh God ... sid ( concerned ) what ? Beth avoid he eye , glance around the room . beth ( a outpour ) I would be so much happier if I could blame this on Nick , but it always happen to I . I be always leave with nothing . ( take a deep breath ) it do not matter if I leave the guy or if the guy leave I -- I be leave with nothing . I never do anything for myself . I never acquire anything . I mean Nick do not take from I . he steal a t.v. and leave it for I . he do not take my thing , he do not take we thing ... he do not even take he clothes ! and I will still leave this house with nothing ! sid he take three year from you . beth no ... ( meeting he eye ) he do not take them . I mean , when he care about I , he care about I . and he be really good in bed . she glance away from sid toward the bed . beth ( after a beat ) I do not expect more . she turn away from sid and the bed . sid move toward she . sid ( carefully ) Beth ... Beth summon up all the composure she can manage . beth ( refer to the cluttere room ) I can not face this . ( look to sid ) I be gonna finish up the kitchen ... ( head for the door ) ... get some momentum ... she go out the bedroom door . sid stare after she . CUT to : ext . abandoned rest stop - morning Nick 's sedan be park in the same place as the night before . a young man with long hair roar into the rest stop on a harley - davidson , he life 's possession strapped on the back . he stop the bike between Nick 's car and the phonebooth , idling the engine , loudly . he look to the phonebooth , the receiver dangle . he turn to Nick 's sedan . young man phone work ? nick awaken by the roar , Nick have wearily lean he head out the window . Nick stare at the young man . nick ( after a beat ) no . drain , Nick rest he head on the steering wheel . offscreen , the motorcycle start up and zoom away . a silence fall over the rest stop . without raise he head from the steering wheel , Nick start the car . CUT to : int . beth' bedroom - morning sid be make the bed . carol ( v.o. ) ( gleefully conspiratorially ) how be he ? beth ( v.o. ) ( sheepishly ) he 's twenty - four . sid pull up the blanket and fluff the pillow . carol ( v.o. ) a little weak on tenderness , but long on juice ? beth ( v.o. ) Long on conversation . CUT to : int . beth' kitchen - continuous the cupboard be all open and bare . a half dozen box be neatly stack . Beth be sit on the floor pack the final dish . Carol hold out a mug of coffee . carol do you need talk ? Beth stand and take the coffee . beth yeah . I guess I do . carol good . Beth sip she coffee , gaze out the kitchen window . beth' Pov the backyard . in the light of day it 's lose its magical quality . the grass need cut and be marre by brown patch . the swingset look pathetically rusted and dilapidate . close - up : beth her face cloud over . carol ( o.s. ) ( cheerfully ) so what be we do ? beth and carol Carol be stare at Beth stare out at the backyard . beth Christ ... she turn to Carol . beth ( with / a edge of desperation ) I gotta get out here . I be in Tucson two year before you and Nick get here . ( in disbelief ) I have be here five year ... carol yeah ... beth this state 's drive I crazy . carol so what be you gonna do ? beth I have get no money . carol I have get some . beth ( chagrine by self - awareness ) I can not take it . I mean you be be great , but I can not take it . I be gonna be go , we will not see each other , and I will not send the money . I will not . I know ... I will not get around , I will forget , I will not do it . she look around the room in disgust . beth ( agitate ) shit . I will sell all this shit . I do not want any of it , just my car and my clothes ... carol ( carefully ) okay ... beth ( shaking she head ) I be sorry ... I should not have fuck this kid last night . I should have sleep . now I have get all this stuff to do , and I be tired , I be churn up , I be in a fuckin ' mood . carol let 's do thing , get you busy . beth yeah . carol you get all the stuff you wanna sell , and I will make some tag sale sign . beth no one will buy my stuff . it 's all junk . carol that 's what people buy at tag sale . Broken appliance , ugly knicknack . Beth look at the semi-packed box . beth ( laugh ) I guess I do have stuff to sell . CUT to : ext . beth' front lawn - day box full of a motley collection of knickknack , houseware , and crummy appliance be spread out on the lawn . in the background a couple of m.t.v. influence teens be check out the knickknack and goof on they . mrs . dotson , a woman in she late forty wear a nurse's uniform be poke through the odd and end . Beth and Carol hover near she . Mrs. dotson pick up the coffee maker , examine it , and put it down . she pick up the blender , examine it , and put it down . carol ( impatiently ) be there something specific you be look for ? mrs . dotson yes. ( sheepishly ) actually everything ... I do not have anything . beth nothing ? mrs . dotson I just move to town . ( hesitate then confide ) my husband pass away , and I , umm , do not want to have we thing ... they be too familiar . Beth realize why she 's sell all she stuff -- it 's too familiar . beth ( abruptly ) you can have it all for three hundred . the stuff in this box and everything inside . mrs . dotson ( take aback ) oh , my , I do not know ... everything ? beth everything . ( hesitate ) except the t.v. Mrs. dotson search Beth 's face with a kind gaze . Beth smile nervously . beth ( apologetically ) the t.v.s not for sale . CUT to : int / ext . nick's sedan Nick 's smoking , look haggard . between drag , he anxiously tap a tempo on the steering wheel with he cigarette hold hand . nick's Pov the highway and the desert stretch out before he , the heat wave of late afternoon shimmer above the blacktop . in the distance , the giant teepee souvenir shop rise out of the horizon like a mirage . nick a idea strike he and he lip tighten into a small determine smile . CUT to : int . teepee gift shop - afternoon a couple of vacation family and a busload of elderly sightseer poke through the stun assortment of Native american souvenir . Nick stand at the counter talk to a plump elderly navajo woman . navajo woman maybe some nice turquoise jewelry . nick ( shaking he head ) I do not think she really wear jewelry . a little boy stare at the dishevel Nick . his mother hurry he away . navajo woman maybe a nice navajo rug ? nick ( incredulous ) as a present ? no. he point past she . nick what about that ? there Pov a huge beautifully feathered ceremonial headdress . nick and the navajo woman nick that would make she laugh . navajo woman ( not amused ) that 's authentic -- it 's very expensive . nick you get something like it but fake ? CUT to : ext . front lawn - late afternoon Beth and Mrs. dotson be stand beside the now empty blanket . in the background , sid and Carol be pack box into Mrs. dotson 's car . Mrs. dotson have begin to fill out a check . mrs . dotson I be sorry , what 's you name ? beth can you just leave the name blank ? I will not have a account , so I will have to find someplace to cash it for I . Mrs. dotson look at she . they stare into each other 's eye . mrs . dotson ( after a beat ) all right . Mrs. dotson hand Beth the check . Beth stick it in she back pocket . after a awkward moment she extend she hand . beth thanks a lot . Mrs. dotson take she hand . sid and Carol walk up to they . sid ( cheerfully ) you be set . Mrs. dotson let go of Beth 's hand . they turn to sid and Carol . mrs . dotson ( warmly chagrine ) you do all the work ... sid ( good-naturedly ) sure. ( mischieviously ) now I have gotta finish painting , but Carol here would be happy to help you unload . Carol start to protest and then check herself for Beth 's sake . carol ( trap , dryly ) of course . I will follow you in my car . sid ( to Mrs. dotson ) and I will be by tomorrow with my truck and the big thing . he head into the house . Beth stare after he . Mrs. dotson touch she shoulder , lightly , get she attention . mrs . dotson ( to Beth ) thank you . ( smile ) you have give I a home . she look to Carol . carol ( nicely ) I will be right along . Mrs. dotson walk off toward she car . carol ( to Beth ) this have to be history 's most efficient tag sale . Beth laugh , distractedly . beth yeah ... I be sorry sid stick you with unload . carol no problem . ( smile to herself ) he kinda bite my butt , but he 's okay . beth he be . Beth suddenly embrace Carol . beth listen . ( break the embrace ) I will probably be go before you get back . carol I think maybe we could be roomy for a while . you know , while you figure out what 's next . beth ( shaking she head ) I can not . ( after a beat , admit she feeling ) he get to I ... too much . if I do not go I will end up with stay with he . carol ( gently ) you have do worse . beth sure . they look at each other and start to laugh . they laughter build -- a release of the strain of the last two day . CUT to : int . nick's sedan - interstate - day Nick 's drive fast , completely focus on the road ahead , the wind roaring through the open window . a cheap plastic indian headdress with brightly color synthetic feather be perch on he head . CUT to : int . bedroom - continuous sid 's finish painting -- the room gleam . he pull a dropcloth off the bureau , then another one off of Beth 's two pack suitcase . beth ( o.s. ) ( softly ) sid ? sid turn and look , smile . side Pov Beth be stand in the doorway , a weariness have settle over she . she step into the room . beth and sid sid hi. beth I be sorry about sell the sofa bed . sid I do not really need one . when my friend get drunk , they throw up and sleep on the floor . beth but I give it to you . he put he arm around she . sid you give I a lot more . beth no. ( hold he tightly ) it be all even in this department . sid ( softly ) ... feel I ? beth ( whisper ) I know ... you be hard again . holding she tightly , sid run he finger down she spine . sid I want you all the time . beth ( tear ) shit . she kiss he . they kiss , long and hard . abruptly , she break the embrace and move away from he . beth ( ironically self - aware ) I just fleece a widow . sid ( protest ) no ... beth it be all junk . she shiver . beth shit . I have get to get some aspirin ... ( shaking she head ) I do not drink enough to be hang over . she walk away from sid , out of the bedroom . int . beth' bathroom - moment later Beth gulp down aspirin . she stare at herself in the mirror , wearily search . in the mirror sid appear in the doorway , he reflection small next to the reflection of she face . sid you just feel bad for she like I feel bad for she ... ' cause she husband die . beth ( doubting this ) yeah ? angle to include sid and beth sid that 's about the saddest thing there be ... lose someone you love . Beth be strike by a certainty that she 's never lose anyone she 's love because she 's never really love anyone . beth it 's never happen to I . sid hesitates , then speak he heart . sid if you die , I could not stand life . beth I ... she step forward and kiss he . she step back . beth ( businesslike ) I have get to go now . she walk out of the bathroom . sid and the camera follow as she hurry though the live room toward the bedroom . in the live room beth the new people will be here . she disappear down the hall to the bedroom . sid ( follow ) go to my house . beth ( o.s. ) no. in the bedroom Beth pick up she suitcase . sid step into the doorway . sid while you find a place . beth no . I gotta get out . she head to the bedroom door . sid I can talk to the realtor , I know they have get a place in agawam . Beth stop . beth ( shaking she head ) no ... agawam ?... no . I do not know where I be go . somewhere else . she walk past he into the hallway . sid and the camera follow . sid you can call I when you get there . I will give you my number . in the live room she stop and put down the suitcase . beth ( gently ) sid . I be go away . you be make I way too important . you meet I yesterday . he go to she . sid and today I love you . she step back , shaking she head . beth Jesus ... one day ... sid that do not matter . you know that . it can take a second . Beth lose control , upset with herself for have mix emotion , upset with she life , and upset he 's make this more difficult . beth no ! that 's ... that 's a fuckin ' animal thing , I have do that . sid not with I . beth I meet man , go home with they and just stay . no decision involved -- it 's just what I do . and then I do not have to live my life , I just lead theirs . I can not keep do that . sid ( adamant ) we be not that way ! beth what way be we ? sid we be passionate . we be comfortable . beth it 's be passionate , it 's be comfortable . but it have not be ... important . ( after a beat ) like you be make it ! sid ( urgently ) it be important ! you know that . beth no ! it be a night ! it be not real . it be fun , it be some great fuck ! but it 's just something that happen ! it 's not real ! sid it do not " just happen " ! you know we be it ! I be the one for you ! beth the " one " ?! I have have lot of " one " ! I look like a baby but I be twenty - fuckin ' - - eight year old ! you be just the latest ! sid no. I be the last . you have find I . and it can go on forever . beth no ! ( she heart break for he ) oh , sid ... forever ? ( shaking she head ) you have to understand -- it 's just talk . sid it 's not . beth ( defiantly disbely ) it be . c'mon , this thing you say ... c' mon ! what ?! if I die you could not stand life ? that 's ... that 's ... sid that 's true . beth no . Beth can not bear the risk of open she soul to believe he -- and she can not bear to hear the outpour of he soul without believe he . so she end it . beth ( after a beat , harshly ) you will not know when I die . you will not be there . she pick up she suitcase and head for the door . sid ( follow she , certain ) you would want I there . if I be not there it would not matter who be . you would be alone . beth no . he grab she arm and spin she to face he . sid ( implore ) Beth ... Beth ... you love I ... beth ( defiantly ) no ! sid how do you feel ? think ! you love I . she stare at he , breathe deeply , gather herself . he let go of she arm and step back . beth ( she word carefully choose ) I care about you . sid you have to be with I . beth no. ( pause ) I care about you . but I be a adult . I can say no . they stare at each other . sid ( with / control anger ) that 's what make you a adult ? beth ( unwaver ) yes. ( pause ) I can say no . ( pause ) no , I will not do that . no , I will not have that . no , I can not . sid ( need to hear she say it ) you can say no to I ? beth yes . he look away from she . she stare at he back . beth I be go . she step toward the door . sid Beth ! she stop . sid ( after a beat ) have someplace to go . beth ( simply ) I do not . she open the door . sid why do not ... beth ( interrupt ) do not tell I what to do . she go out the door . sid go to the door . ext . the front lawn - continuous Beth make she way to she car . sid stand in the doorway , watch . sid what be you gonna do ? she turn and face he . beth I do not know . Beth toss she suitcase in the backseat . she get into the car and start the engine . sid stand , willing she to stop the car . Beth pull out to the end of the driveway . int . beth' pinto she look up at the rearview mirror . beth' Pov sid be frame in the doorway of she old home , wait , trust that she can not leave , that they be destine . beth her eye well with tear . her face set with resolve . the house and driveway the car pull out and disappear down the road . sid stand in the doorway for a long moment . he step back into the house and shut the door . slow dissolve to : int . nick be car - dusk Nick be drive , the cheap headdress still perch on he head . crumple empty coffee cup be scattered about the front seat . he reach up and turn the rearview mirror . rearview mirror Nick 's face stare back at he . it 's not a pretty sight . nick Nick reach into the back seat , fish and come up with he necktie . he slip the still - knotted necktie over he headdress and tighten it around he neck . Nick look back to the road and suddenly swerve off a exit ramp . the camera linger on the exit sign -- " enfield az . " . dissolve to : int . kitchen - dusk sid silently go through the motion of pull the mask tape from around the window sill of the freshly paint room , he face a stony mask . CUT to : ext . beth' house - continuous Nick 's car screech to a stop in front of the house . he leap out of the car and run toward the front door . int . live room - continuous the front door fling open . Nick charge into the room . nick ( call out ) Beth ! ( bellow ) Beth !!! sid step through the swinging door into the live room . Nick freeze . sid ( coldly ) she 's not here . nick ( desperately ) where be she ? sid she 's go . nick shit ! ( a moment of manners ) Excuse me.t ( explode ) shiiiiit !! ( confrontationally ) who be you ? sid ( coldly ) the painter . you be Nick . nick ( startle ) yeah . sid the indian chief . nick ( puzzle ) what ? then Nick , remember the headdress , rip it off he head and furiously tear it apart -- scatter a flurry of plastic feather . he hurl what 's leave of it across the room . nick shit ! sid ( accusingly ) you be too late . she 's go . nick ( angrily ) I get that . where would she go ? sid she do not say . nick shit ! sid ( bitterly ) she do not know . Nick run out the front door . ext . nick's front lawn - continuous Nick run out into he lawn . nick ( run ; under he breath ) be at Carol 's ... be at Carol 's ... the camera following he race up to Carol 's front door and lean on the doorbell -- a loud tight buzzing . he pound on the door , then stop , gasp for breath . no one 's home . he turn , lean against the door for support , stare out at tract house neighborhood . nick ( spend ) I be too late ... suddenly he bolt for he car . Nick yank he car door open and disappear into it . in a second he emerge with the bottle of scotch . it 's empty . he eye it for a moment then hurl it as far as he can down the street -- it shatter explosively . he race to he front door and stop dead in he track at the open doorway . int . nick's live room sid have cover the floor and remain furniture with drop cloth and be apply even stroke to the ceiling with a long handle roller . Nick step in and stare at sid and he own nearly empty drop-cloth cover home . nick ( at the top of he lung ) this really bother I ! sid stare at he . sid ( after a moment , with mock politeness ) will you do I a favor ? nick ( spitting out the word ) what ? sid Act normal . Nick advance on sid . nick ( adamantly ) listen ! I do not want to be normal . I do not have to be , I do not ! this be my house . you be in my house . and I be tired of go to my house and find stranger ! they be face to face in a stand - off . sid it 's not you house . you be go . I be painting -- he put the long handle roller right in Nick 's face . sid -- for the new people -- whose house it 's go to be . ( pause ) you be go . they be not here yet . I be here . ( calmly ) I guess that make this my house . Nick ponder this logic , sid 's size , and the roller in he face . nick ( politely ) May I look around ? sid ( with / a stony politeness ) sure . make yourself at home . Nick wander around the nearly empty room , then , after a beat ... ...he pull a dropcloth off a object in the corner , revealing the television . nick ( dismay ) nooo ... she leave the television . sid yeah . nick too bad . sid ( pointedly ) she do not seem to want it . nick that 's foolish . that t.v. be a remarkable thing . they both stare at the television . the sweep of headlight turn into the driveway cross they face . they both race to the door . ext . front lawn - continuous Carol get out of she car . Nick hurry toward she . carol ( flatly ) you come back . nick ( a little chagrine ) yeah . carol be Beth here ? nick no . do you know where she go ? carol no . nick shit . carol you be too late . sid ( from the doorway ) she 's go . nick ( to Carol , exasperate ) who be this guy ? carol ( walk past he toward the house ) Beth 's new boyfriend . nick ( explode ) what ?! carol ( stop ) you hear I . nick ( to sid ) be this true ?! sid not really . he turn and walk back into the house . nick ( to Carol ) not really ? he race after sid . int . live room - continuous sid be painting the ceiling . Nick burst through the door . nick ( to sid ) not really ?! what ? ( with " say it be not so " attitude ) do you fuck she ? sid I do not tell . nick Jesus ! the next day ! ( bitterly disillusion ) that 's the world , huh ? they do not even wait a day anymore . carol ( step in the doorway ) you leave she . nick ( defensively ) I do not fuck anyone . carol ( witheringly ) you do not find anyone . nick ( hurt ) no ... I do not leave she for another person , I leave she for another place . ( pause ) which I think be a little more excusable . sid I do not . nick well it 's none of you fuckin ' business ! sid ( threateningly ) I think it be . nick Cause you fuck she ? no ! that give you no business in my life . sid if you have not go , I would be do by now . I would be home . nick be glad you have a home , asshole ! carol let it drop , Nick ! nick ( outrage ) why ?! carol he be nice to Beth when you treat she like shit . Nick stare at she -- know what she say be true . nick ( protest weakly ) I come back ... carol ( busting he ) Nick . this be I . you do not come back for Beth 's sake -- something just do not work out like you have plan . nick ( defensively ) you see -- you do not know everything about I -- I do not really have any real plan ! carol he be sweet to she . they be sweet with each other . Nick stare at she . carol Beth look young with he . they have a real connection . nick ( after a beat , dryly ) and I bring they together ? he exhales loudly and hold he head in he hand . nick it seem I be bless ... in what I do . I do wrong , and it turn out right ... that I have do right . so it really do not matter what I do . Nick take a deep breath . nick hey ! sid ignore he . nick ( after a beat ) I say " hey ! " sid look at he . nick ( flamboyantly sarcastic ) I hope you be very happy together ! sid she 's go . nick ( glance to Carol , pointedly ) she be , be not she ? ( to sid ) if you two be such the happy couple why the fuck do she leave , Romeo ? sid after three year with you , she want to be alone . nick I be already go ! this be not about I and Beth , there be no I and Beth ! this be about you ! why do not you go with she ? sid it be not offer . nick ( advance on he ) people be not go to offer you anything ! you have to take what you want . sid you can not take another person . they have to give themselves to you . nick ( in he face ) that 's very wise , but not very true . ( relentlessly ) I sell television . people do not know what they want . you have to show they . sid I could not show she . nick go after she ! carol leave he alone ! nick no . he 's not alone , he 's with we . she 's alone . she 's out there alone . ( after a beat , quietly ) just hope she 's closer to what she want ... carol ( sardonically ) and what be that ? nick ( explode ) I do not know ! Nick throw he arm in the air and storm up to Carol 's face . nick how would I know ?! what do I know ?! Carol do not flinch . he step back . nick ( with / a sweeping gesture ) I know that what I want be not there . ( point to he chest ) it be not here . ( gesture wildly ) it be not inside ! it be not outside ! ( spend ) it do not exist . he turn on sid . nick ( forcefully ) but you want she , and you be not do shit about it ! carol there be not anything he can do . nick he can go after she . ( to sid ) go after she ! sid I can not . she ... ( tear ) my life be here . nick what kind of man will not fuck up he life for the woman he love ? go find she !! he stare at sid . carol he would not know where to look . nick ( grop ) she would she would she would ... ( triumphant ) she would head for she parent ! carol what ? nick she would head for she parent . believe I . ( pause , then flatly ) they're in Florida . that 's east . Nick stare at sid , wait . sid I ... nick ( businesslike ) you start drive east on route forty . keep go east and around eleven start check every roadside motel . the budget one ... you do that all night , you will find she . carol how do you know she 's on the highway ? nick when you do not know where you be go , you drive on the highway . sid look to Carol , then around the drop cloth cover room . nick ( cheerfully ) I will finish painting . sid ( to Carol ) do I have a chance ? Nick and sid both look to Carol . carol ( after a beat , shaking she head ) you have get a chance . sid ( determine ) then I be go . sid race out the door . Nick toss a self - satisfied smile at Carol and walk past she to the door . SOUND sid 's truck engine roar to life . nick's Pov sid peel out , drive up onto the lawn past Nick and Carol 's car , out onto the street and out of sight . the doorway Carol step into the doorway beside Nick . carol so. ( dryly ) start painting . Nick look back into the room . nick ( after a beat ) fuck the ceiling . ( walk in ) who look up that often ? Carol follow he into the room . Nick slump on the sofa , stare at the blank t.v. man' voice ( happily ) this be it ! a man and a woman , both slightly portly mexican - Americans in they late forty , wear they Sunday best , step over the threshold and kiss . the man be carry the woman cradle in he arm . carol ( politely ) hello ...? man ( surprised , break the kiss ) oh. hello . the four stare at each other in awkward silence , the woman still cradle in the man 's arm . man I be sorry . we think it be go to be empty . nick ( flatly ) it be . woman ( cheerfully ) we be here to move in . the man put she down on she foot . woman be you the couple move out ? carol no . nick no ... Nick and Carol look to each other , at a loss . Nick look back to the couple . nick ( improvise ) we be you new neighbor . from next door . Carol throw he a look . man well. ( put on a good face ) it 's nice to meet you . he hold out he hand to shake . after a instant of awkward hesitation they all shake hand with too much enthusiasm . woman ( cheerfully , while shaking hand ) it be ... and it 's so nice of you to greet we . carol thank you . they finish the handshake -- there 's a awkward pause . nick actually , we be here for the t.v. he wait , half expect this statement to be challenge . it be not . nick ( confidently ) the people who leave here -- we old neighbor -- leave we that t.v . they all look at the t.v. man oh . it 's very nice . carol yes . it be . there 's a awkward pause . carol ( go to the t.v. ) well , dear ... we should carry it home . Nick and Carol lift the t.v. woman do you need help ? nick we can manage . they move toward the front door , Carol go backwards . carol thanks anyway . Nick look to make eye contact with Carol . he can not . she 's look back over she shoulder for obstacle . he smile and glance toward the couple . Nick and Carol go out the door , lug the t.v. woman ( call out ) Nice meeting you . the man and woman look at each other . they look around the room . man they be not do painting . woman they will finish . she stare out the front door . woman ( whimsically ) I wonder where we furniture be ? she look back to he . he 's stare at the ceiling . CUT to : ext . the lawn - continuous they be lug the t.v. across to Carol 's -- Carol back up and Nick go forward . they arrive at the front door . Nick take most of the weight of the t.v. , while Carol fumble with she key into she front door lock with she free hand . carol you be not go to be they new neighbor . nick it be just something to say . Carol get the door open . carol good . Carol back into the house , lead the way . int . carol be foyer - continuous they lug the t.v. toward the live room . carol you look terrible . nick yeah ? well , I have a big day . ( after a beat ) I go to my parent 's house . like you say to . and there be this ancient man , this giant man in the doorway . they step into the live room . int . live room - continuous Carol lead they to a corner . nick and I think , " it 's my father . my how he 's age . " carol you be drunk ... they gingerly put the t.v. down . nick not at the house . at the house I be stone sober . Nick slump down onto the sofa . Carol watch he , puzzle . nick he be very tall . he be too tall to be my father . he be wear a long overcoat , and I think , " it 's a trick , he 's on my mother 's shoulder " . he smile at the memory . nick and then out from behind he come this beautiful young girl ... Beth . carol Beth ?... nick ( lose in reverie ) and they sing to I . they sing " London Bridge be falling down " ... ( sing softly ) " falling down , fall down . " . Nick look to Carol . she stare at he . nick ( seriously ) it be very touch . carol I be sure . nick ( defensively ) it be . Carol sit beside he . carol Nick ?... nick yeah ? carol what you have be do ... you can not do anymore . Nick look to Carol , puzzle . carol you just can not do it . nick ( after a beat , agreeably ) okay . carol ( very skeptically ) okay ? nick yeah . I understand . carol no . I do not think so . nick ( defensively ) I understand . carol ( determine ) it 's not like you can not do it . nick ( interject ) I will stop . carol ( urgently ) it 's that I do not want you to do it . nick I have stop . she stare at Nick . he avoid she stare . she take he face in she hand and make he look at she . carol ( stare in he eye ) nick. ( emphatic ) I do not want you to do it . Nick stare in she eye . nick ( calmly , after a beat ) okay . she let go of he face . carol shit. ( after a beat , wryly ) I hate talk to you . CUT to : ext . sid be truck - night through the windshield we see sid drive slowly , look out at motel parking lot . they neon sign reflect in the windshield . ext . strip off the highway Gas station , fast food joint and motel . sid and he truck pull away from the strip and up onto the on ramp . ext . highway - continuous sid and he truck pull onto the highway . credit roll as sid 's taillight disappear down the barren highway . fade out : the end