body heat a original screenplay by lawrence kasdan for educational purpose only third draft October 6 , 1980 convert to pdf by screentalk www.screentalk.org convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 1. fade in : ext . night sky flame in the night sky . distant siren . pulling back , we see that the burn building be mostly hide by dense , black shape that define the oceanside skyline of miranda Beach , Florida . we be watch from across town . the sound of a bathroom shower come to a drip stop at about the same time we see the naked back and head of ned racine . we continue to pull back into -- racine's apartment - night racine , dress in undershort , be stand on the small porch off he apartment on the upper floor of a old house . racine light a cigarette and continue to stare off at the fire . we have pass he now , into the bedroom of the apartment , and the shape of a young woman , angela , flash by , drying she body with a towel . angela ( o.s. ) my God , it 's hot . I step out of the shower and stare sweat again . ... it 's still burn ? Jesus , it 's bigger ! and I think you be make I hear that siren . ( she giggle ) what be it ? racine the seawater Inn . my family use to eat dinner there twenty - five year ago . now somebody 's torch it to clear the lot . Angela reappear briefly , gather she clothes . she sit on a unseen bed to get dress . angela ( o.s. ) that 's a shame . racine probably one of my client . angela ( o.s. ) I be leave . racine ( back still turn ) it 's four a.m . on the bed , Angela snap on she bra . angela I go on duty at Miami Airport at seven . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. angela ( cont 'd ) I would not mind have breakfast ... what do you care ? you be watch the fire . you be do with I . I be just get into my uniform here ... she be , in fact , slip on the blouse of she avis Rent - a- car uniform . there 's a smile on she lip as she button up , watch racine . angela you have have you fun . you be spend . ( try for a straight face ) I will just slip into my uniform here and slip away . racine my history 's burn up out here . angela hey , I do not mind . I be leave . why do they make this damn skirt so hard to zip ... now , for the first time , racine turn to look at she . she be sit on the edge of the bed , half into she uniform . racine smile broadly at the sight and move into the room . he push she back and they both disappear from sight , fabric rustling . racine where 's you hat ? angela ( o.s. ) hey ... hey ... ( giggle ) ... do not wrinkle it ! racine ( o.s. ) ' you be spend . ' where would you hear that ? we be leave look out over the porch at the night . and we go back there , across the rooftop , to the flame . int . courtroom - day a Assistant County prosecutor name peter lowenstein have be confer at the bench with judge costanza and now they both wait as racine come into view to join they . the judge be irritate . judge costanza Mr. racine , I do no longer care whether this alleged toilet be ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. judge costanza ( cont 'd ) ever actually en route from Indiana or not . I think we be waste we time here . it 's pretty clear you client have attempt to defraud the county in a not very ingenious manner . ( he nod at lowenstein ) the Assistant prosecutor have make what I consider a generous offer . and give that you have fail to generate even the semblance of a defense -- racine judge costanza , perhaps when I have present all -- judge costanza yeah , yeah . if I be you , I would recommend to you client that hold quickly do as Mr. lowenstein here have suggest -- plead nolo contendre , file chapter eleven and agree never to do business with okeelanta County again . racine be surprised and pleased . racine you would look favorably on that ? judge costanza ( nod ) he can walk . but do not test my patience for even five more minute . if he hesitates , I will nail he . racine I will talk to he . racine start to turn . judge costanza Mr. racine . next time you come into my courtroom I hope you have get either a better defense or a better class of client . lowenstein smile . racine thank you , you honor . racine go back to he client , a businessman of enormous confidence and extravagantly untrustworthy appearance . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. int . stella's coffee shop - first STREET - day racine and lowenstein be seat at the counter . racine drink beer while lowenstein drink a tall iced tea very rapidly and signal for another . this place be across the street from the courthouse / police station and there be plenty of lawyer and cop around , several of whom acknowledge lowenstein and racine with pat or nod . a single unit air conditioner be blow away above the door , but it can not compete with the blast of hot air that come in with each new patron . all of this people , like the pedestrian outside the window , have stripped down to essential in the infernal heat . the lawyer all carry they jacket , but even so they shirtsleeve be sweaty . the town be sizzling . lowenstein -- I think I have underestimate you , ned . I do not know why it take I so long . you have start use you incompetence as a weapon . racine ( smile ) my defense be evolve . you guy get scared . costanza do not like I . what would I do to he ? lowenstein he 's a unhappy man , thinks he should be circuit Court by now . here he be in a state with really top -notch corruption and he 's stick with the county toilet . ( he drink ) I be surprised you be not in on that toilet caper . could have be that quick score you have always be search for . racine maybe costanza be in on it . that 's why he be mad . stella , the owner of the coffee shop , write and place separate check in front of the two man . stella what 's the word from the hallow hall of justice ? anything juicy ? lowenstein maybe stella be in on it . ( finish he tea ) stella , when you gonna get a real air conditioner in here . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. stella you do not like it there 's lot of other place . lowenstein they do not have you . gotta go . he stand fishing for change , but racine take he check and place it with he own . lowenstein nod and move for the door . lowenstein you can not buy I . no sirree , I do not come cheap . just before he reach the door he do a strange thing -- he take several graceful dance step in the astaire manner . a voice lowenstein , you be a fag . lowenstein spin out the door , where he be blast by the heavy air . his body droops as he disappear . stella why do he do that ? racine he 's pretty good , that 's the weird part . stella do you hear about Dr. block ? racine no . do I want to ? stella ( lean toward he , confidential ) agnes Marshall . racine ( the think disgust he ) that must have be Mrs. block 's idea , some kind of punishment . stella it be ! how would you know ? Christ , you be plugge in better than I . so you must know about Mrs. block 's friend in Ocean Grove . racine wince , get up , and put money on the counter . he light a cigarette . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6. racine stella , this be beneath even you . thing must be slow . stella agree with a shrug as racine head for the door . stella it 's the heat . ext . first STREET and MAIN STREET - day racine make he way up first to the corner of Main and cross diagonally to he building on Main . he be well - know here , greet through glass by many of the shop owner . the heat dominate much of the pantomime conversation . racine go in a doorway and head up the stair to he office . int . racine's office - day racine 's secretary , beverly , be behind the desk in the modest reception room . she 's a pretty girl barely past twenty . she push some phone message slip toward racine and nod toward the sofa . a middle - age woman client , mrs . singer , sit there clutching a walk stick . her face suddenly be contort in pain . racine glance meaningfully at beverly then turn he full solicitous charm on Mrs. Singer . racine Mrs. Singer , I would have gladly come to the house . he help she up and lead she slowly to he office . mrs . singer no. no , the doctor say I should walk and I have some shopping . not that that quack know what he 's talk about . I tell you , Mr. racine , I be not sure he testimony be go to be very useful . racine do not worry about it . I will find you a doctor who 's more understanding . be it bad today ? mrs . singer oooh , you can not imagine . nothing can make up for the pain they have cause I . racine how well I know . we will sue that reckless bastard dry . Excuse my language . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7. as Mrs. Singer disappear into the office , racine flash a grin at beverly . mrs . singer do not apologize . that 's the kind of attitude you have get to have this day ... ext . the beachfront - night the hot January in fifty year have bring the crowd to the beach in search of relief . but they have be disappointed . even the breeze off the ocean seem blow from a hair dryer . still , the night be a trifle better and the beachfront , the penny arcade , the ice cream stand and bar be busy , even now in the middle of the week . racine come out of a bar and light a cigarette , idly watch the pass parade . there be a free band concert in progress at the band shell . racine wander in that direction . ext . the band shell - night the miranda Beach High School orchestra be play to a full , sweat house ; the audience be a sea of orange program flutter away as fan . people come and go frequently . the atmosphere be as innocent and informal as the music the band be play now . racine lean against the back rail , smoking , he eye play over the scene with no expectation . then , down near the center aisle , a woman rise . as the band play on , this extraordinary , beautiful woman , in a simple white dress , move down the aisle . she move wonderfully . the dress cling to she body in the heat . racine watch , mesmerize , as she walk directly toward he . she pass within a few inch of he , she eye lower . racine 's body sway a moment as she go by , as though buffete by some force . but they do not touch . she go out onto the beachfront walkway . ext . the beachfront walkway - night the woman , matty , have walk to the rail . she stand there now lighting a cigarette . she present she face to the ocean , hope for a breeze . we move in on she , with racine . racine light a new cigarette and smile at she . she look at he and , for a instant , she eye race over he body , then she look back at the ocean . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. racine you can stand here with I if you want , but you will have to agree not to talk about the heat . she look at he , and there be something startling about the directness of she gaze . when she speak , she be cool without be hostile . matty I be a marry woman . racine meaning what ? matty meaning I be not look for company . she turn back toward the ocean . racine then you should have say -- ' I be a happily marry woman . ' matty that 's my business . racine what ? matty how happy I be . racine and how , happy be that ? she look at he curiously . she begin walk slowly along the rail . he walk too . matty you be not too smart , be you ? racine shake he head " no . " matty I like that in a man . racine what else you like -- Ugly ? lazy ? horny ? I get them all . matty you do not look lazy . racine smile . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. matty tell I , do chat like that work with most woman ? racine some . if they have not be around much . matty I wonder . think maybe I be out of touch . she stop again at the rail as a small breeze blow in from the ocean . she turn she back to it and , with she cigarette dangle from she lip , she use both hand to lift she hair up off she nape . she close she eye as the air hit she . racine watch very closely . racine how ' bout I buy you a drink ? matty I tell you . I have get a husband . racine I will buy he one too . matty he 's out of town . racine my favorite kind . we will drink to he . matty he only come up on the weekend . matty let she hair fall and again begin move down walkway . she drop she cigarette and step on it . racine I be like he better all the time . you better take I up on this quick . in another forty - five minute I be go to give up and walk away . matty you want to buy I something ? I will take one of this . they have come upon a vendor sell snow cone . racine what kind ? matty cherry . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . racine ( to vendor ) make it two . the vendor scoops and pour as racine lay some change on the cart . racine ( to matty ) you be not stay in miranda Beach . ( she shake she head " no " ) I would have notice you . matty be this town that small ? racine hand she a snow cone . they walk over to the rail . racine watch she eat the snow cone with enormous interest . racine pinehaven . you be stay up in pinehaven , on the waterway . ( she give he a look , surprised ) you have a house . matty how would you know ? racine you look like pinehaven . matty how do pinehaven look ? racine well tend . she look out at the ocean . matty yes , I be well tend , all right . well tend . what about you ? racine I ? I need tend . I need someone to take care of I . rub my tired muscle . smooth out my sheet . matty get marry . racine I just need it for tonight . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11. for the first time , matty laugh . a moment later , she spill the snow cone over the front of she dress . it make a bright red stain against the white . the thin material cling to the line of she breast . matty good . Nice move , matty . racine matty . I like it . right over you heart . matty at least it 's cool . I be burn up . racine I ask you not to talk about the heat . matty would you get I a paper towel or something ? dip it in some cold water . racine start toward the restroom nearby . racine right away . I will even wipe it off for you . matty you do not want to lick it ? this cause a momentary hitch in racine 's retreat , but then he hurry off . int . men' room racine come in , snap some paper towel from the rack and turn on the water . the room be full of smoke . a fifteen- year-old Boy be lean against the wall . after look racine over a second , he bring the smoking joint he 's be hold behind he back into view and take a toke . he nod at racine , who nod back and stand up with he wet towel . as he walk out , racine take a deep breath . ext . the beachfront - night racine come out of the structure . and stop . matty be go . racine look around without much hope . finally , he put a wet paper towel to the back of he neck . we begin to hear a strange , measure thumping , and then -- ext . the boardwalk ( 82nd STREET ) - dawn racine be run . the thumping be the sound of racine 's batter run shoe hit the weathered wooden plank of the boardwalk . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12. racine wear old gym short and a tear tee-shirt with " f.s.u. " fade from the front . the raise wooden walk work its crooked way through lush , tropical vegetation , first come close to the wide , white beach , then jutting back inland , swallow by greenery , then shoot out again toward the sea . racine hit this last stretch at top speed and launch himself fly out onto the gleam sand . ext . beach - dawn racine be run on the sand now , on a raise , harden section that bisect the beach . his shoe make a weird whoosh SOUND each time they break the compact surface and sink a inch below . the sun be just rise from the ocean to he right , yet the day be already broiling . racine 's shirt be drench . the whooshing be hypnotic , steady ; he expression indicate that it be just this sound which keep he go . ext . the band shell / the beach - day further on , racine run by the Band Shell where he would see matty . ext . the pier - day the thumping return , as racine run the long , straight pier directly out to sea , toward the rise sun . a lifeguard boat with a outboard motor be on the leave of the pier . racine watch it as he run until it disappear beneath he , then reappear on he right and turn out to sea , so that it be run beside he . racine speed up , really kick , racing the boat to the end of the pier . the lifeguard on board be not even aware of racine , but he beat the runner nonetheless , then veer off to continue he business . racine pull up , breathe hard . he walk it off a bit , watch the boat , then turn and start walk back along the pier . he reach into the waistband of he short and take out a pack of cigarettes . int . racine's office - day racine be behind the desk . occupy the two seat in front be a marry couple rapidly approach divorce . they be argue now , each try to convince racine of they view . racine nod occasionally , look from one to the other . but he be also look between they , through the open door out to the reception room , where he secretary beverly be kneel before the lowest drawer of a filing cabinet . her back be turn and she jeans be tight across the bottom . there 's nothing especially provocative about she pose . she 's just there . work away . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13. racine walk across he office and close the door . he go back to he seat . the couple continue . ext . the band shell - night another concert go on , a trio of musician . racine move down the sidewalk away from the audience . he look around as he light a cigarette . she be nowhere in sight . racine open the door to he car , a nick - up red ' 64 stingray . ext . pinehaven - day racine drive past a neat sign -- " you be enter pinehaven please drive carefully " there 's money here . many of the home be not visible from the street -- only they gate announce they presence . that that can be see be sprawling and lavish . the waterway appear to the leave . a large white yacht cruise slowly by . int . racine's apartment - day racine sit in bed smoking a cigarette . at the mirror , a nurse in a fresh white uniform step into she white shoe and begin attach she cap with bobby pin . int . cocktail lounge - pinehaven - night Dark . almost classy . the place be half full . matty be drink at the end of the bar , she cigarettes next to she glass . the bar chair near she be empty . racine come in , look around , walk over and sit in the seat next to she . she look up , surprised . matty look who 's here . be not this a coincidence ? racine look at she , almost as though he can not place she . but he do not push that effect hard . he light a cigarette . racine I know you . matty you be the one that do not want to talk about the heat . too bad . I would tell you about my chime . racine what about they ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14. matty the wind chime on my porch . they keep ringing and I go out there expect a cool breeze . that 's what they have always mean . but not this summer , this summer it 's just hot air . racine do I remind you of hot air ? the bartender have come up . racine bourbon , any kind , on the rock . ( to matty ) another ? she think , then nod she agreement . the bartender move away . matty what be you do in pinehaven ? racine I be no yokel . why , I be all the way to Miami once . matty there be some man , once they get a whiff of it , they will trail you like a hound . the bartender bring they drink and leave . racine I be not that eager . matty what be you name , anyway ? racine ( offer he hand ) ned racine . matty matty Walker . she take he hand and shake it . racine react strangely to she touch and do not let go right away . she gently frees it , then refer to he look as she pick up she drink -- racine be you all right ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . matty ( laugh ) yes . my temperature run a couple degree high . around 100 all the time I do not mind it . it 's the engine or something . racine maybe you need a tune -up . matty do not tell I -- you have just the right tool . racine I do not talk that way . matty how would you find I , ned ? racine give she a look . racine this be the only joint in pinehaven . matty how would you know I drink ? racine you seem like a woman with all the vice . matty ( smile ) you should not have come . you be go to be disappointed . racine look out over he drink . several of the Men in the place be look at they . racine ( refer to the man ) what would I do ? matty ( indicate racine 's chair ) a lot of they have try that seat . you be the first one I have let stay . racine ( spot a few more ) you must come here a lot . matty most man be little boy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16. racine maybe you should drink at home . matty too quiet . racine maybe you should not dress like that . matty this be a blouse and a skirt . I do not know what you be talk about . racine you should not wear that body . natty lean back in she seat and glance down at herself . she 's magnificent . matty I do not like my body much . it 's never be right . racine have be look at she body too . with she line , he just laugh . matty watch he , then lean over she drink . her tone be different . matty sometimes , I do not know . I get so sick of everything , I be not sure I care anymore . do you know what I mean , ned ? racine ( he 's not sure ) I know that sometimes the shit come down so heavy I feel like I should wear a hat . matty laugh , study he . matty yeah , that 's what I mean . ratty drain she glass and stub out she cigarette . matty I think I will get out of here now . I be go home . racine I will take you . matty I have a car . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17. racine I will follow you . I want to see the chime . matty you want to see the chime . racine I want to hear they . she look at he a long time . matty that 's all . if I let you , that 's all . racine ( gesture he innocence ) I be not look for trouble . matty ( very serious ) I mean it . I like you . but my life be complicated enough . racine again accept . matty this be my community bar . I might have to come here with my husband some time . would you leave before I ? wait in you car ? I know it seem silly ... racine I do not know who we be go to fool . you have be pretty friendly . she give he a look and then slap he hard ! everyone turn toward they . matty ( steadily ) now leave I alone . she stand up , take she purse and she cigarettes , and walk to the other end of the bar , where she sit down . racine watch she with amaze eye . he stand up and throw some money on the bar . racine ( angry ) Lady , you must be some kind of crazy ! he stalk out of the bar . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18. int . racine's car - night close on he face as he drive . his look be intense , expectant . he 's feel lucky as he watch up ahead . racine's Pov out the windshield . matty 's shiny mercede 450 sel be glide down the road ahead of he . she put on the blinker , slow and turn into a gated drive . the drive be canopy by heavy tree , the vegetation crowd the road with a primeval lushness . the headlight create sinuous welcoming shadow . it be as though racine be enter some separate , parallel , jungle world . eventually the house come into view . racine ( o.s. ) Jesus . matty 's car swing around in the parking area and stop . racine pull the stingray up next to it , face the other way . he watch matty slide she long leg out of the car . she glance at racine and for a instant there be a hint of self - consciousness under the weight of he gaze . we begin to hear the soft tinkling of chime . ext . the WALKER house - front terrace - night racine follow closely behind matty as they go up the stair . at the door , matty turn suddenly and look at racine . matty remember you promise . racine agree . matty look he over a moment , then turn to unlock the door . int . entry hall / second floor hall - night matty come in and put she purse on a hall table as racine move forward to look around . despite the night gloom , it 's clear the place be expensively decorate in a manner entirely consistent with the exterior of the house . Fine antique , carefully choose fabric , and a meticulous selection of accessory have give the place the look of a affluent home of thirties America . and yet the overall effect be almost contemporary , so burnish be the wood , so fresh all the element . it work . racine just like my place . matty give he a search look , then lead he up the stair , flipping on only a occasional light in they path . in the second floor hall , matty move to the front of the house . racine glance into the gloom that hide matty 's bedroom . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . racine no help ? matty she go home night . racine you be not nervous alone ? matty pause at the door to the porch , unlock they , and look at racine as though she barely understand the question . matty no . ext . second floor porch - night the tinkling be distinct out here . matty and racine come out onto the porch . there be about thirty wind chime of various , lovely design -- crystal , metal , wood hang at interval from the rim of the wide porch awning , completely encircle matty and racine . halfway down the long lawn be a white gazebo . Beyond it , the waterway be shimmer in the moonlight . at the edge of the water be a small boat house . racine walk along under the chime , look up at they . a smile play across she face . he look back at matty , racine you do have chime . he look out at the boat house . racine what 's that ? matty a gazebo racine no , out there . matty Boat house . racine what be in there ? matty Boat . racine move back and stand very close to she . he look at she in the moonlight , but she concentrate on the distant water . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20. matty it 's a mess . there 's a row boat , a lot of lounge chair ... thing like that . racine put he hand up under she hair , on she nape . she close she eye at he touch , then move away , as though by a act , of will , to the door , half open it . matty I think you should go now . racine I just get here . matty you have see they . please go . racine step toward she , but she duck inside and move through the intermittent light of the hall and down the step . racine follow she . int . entry hall matty stop at the entry hall , lean against the wall . racine you do not bring I here to see you wind chime . he put a arm on each side of she , caging she against the wall . she look up at he . matty yes , I do . I say what I mean . do you ever do that ? racine no. not very often . he kiss she light on the forehead . again she react , but fight it . racine I do not think you want I to go . matty yes ... please . he kiss she lightly on the nose . racine there 's nothing to be afraid of . matty there be for I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. matty slip under he arm and quickly step out the front door . she stand just outside watch he . racine shake he head , go out there . ext . front terrace - night racine stop next to matty . she do not move away . matty thank you . I be sorry , I should not have lot you come . racine look at she a long time . racine you be not so tough after all , be you ? matty no ... I be weak . she kiss he on the lip and step quickly inside the front door . she close it , look through the window at he , then move away . ext . parking area - night racine stand look at the door a few moment . then he walk to he car . again he stop . he look back at the house . the wind pick up a bit and the tinkling of the wind chime get louder . and then louder . racine go back up onto the porch fast . he go to the front door and look through the window . ext . front terrace - night racine's Pov . matty be stand at the bottom of the stair in the hall . she be look directly at the front door . frozen in the spot . racine try the door . it 's lock . he shake it hard , but it 's solid . he look to he leave . there be window down the wall there . he move to they . they go into the live room but they shutter be close . he look through a break slat at matty , who watch he from the same spot , through the live room door . racine try they . they will not budge . racine move to he right past the front door , to the window off the dining room . he push at they as he eye lock with matty , who watch from the hall . the window will not move , racine spin and pick up the nearest object , a wooden rock chair . he lift it , turn and smashes the big window . Glass shower into the dining room . matty watch . she have not move . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22. racine push the break window out of he way . he come in , like a violent gust of wind . int . hall racine cross the dark live room fast . as he reach matty , she lift she arm to match he embrace . they come together hard and tight . they kiss . and kiss again . her hand travel over he body , as though she 's want they there for a long time . they turn once slowly along the wall , into the dimness of the central hall . then he rotate she body away from he , hold she close . matty yes , yes ... then she be just nodd . racine put he face deep into she hair , close he eye as the smell of she wash over he . matty turn in he arm and kiss he hard . racine pull she close to he and they sink to the floor . racine that 's right ... that 's right . close on matty 's face , a look that might be anguish . she bite she lip in expectation . racine move over she . matty please , please ... she pull he tightly to she , cling like a drown woman . dissolve to : int . matty' bedroom - night racine and matty lie under a sheet on she big bed . her eye be close . there be more wind chime on the second floor of the verandah , which be off this room , and racine be listen to they tinkling . racine look over in that direction . racine's Pov . the moonlit , sheer white curtain on the window roil to a light breeze . racine 's gaze travel over the luxurious bedroom ; here too , it be in the thirties style . they clothes be haphazardly throw across a divan and on the floor nearby . a delicate fern sway in the wind . finally , he be look at a lovely write desk against the far wall . some tissue - thin stationery flap in the breeze , keep in place by the weight of a pen . then , as he look , the paper stop flap and the chime gradually stop tinkling . racine look toward the window . it be still open , but the air have die . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23. the curtain hang still . racine 's face . the world have stop . matty ( o.s. ) ( softly ) I do not want this to happen . but I do not try hard enough to stop it ... because I want you . I want you here , like this ... this be bad for I . I know it . now nothing 's go to be the same anymore . from above they , we see they frame by the bed . ext . STREET in front of WALKER house - day near the front gate of the Walker place , a heavyset , middle - age woman , betty , the walker' housekeeper , have be wait on a bus stop bench . now she lift she tired body to board a public bus . down the Street , just around a corner , racine watch she go . he put the stingray in gear and drive to the walker . ext . walker ' boat house - sunset light be go on across the waterway , send shimmer toward the boat house . int . walker ' boat house - sunset we be look out a dusty window at the waterway . we hear racine and matty disentangle and roll apart o.s. , racine grunt he exhaustion . after a moment , racine rise up into frame , look happy . he look down to where he be and rest against the wall . racine I like this place . it 's get a nice feel . matty ( o.s. ) you be on top . racine so it could use a better mattress . see to it , will you ? matty ( o.s. ) yes sir . racine turn and stare out at the ocean . matty rise up behind and hug he from the back . she kiss he shoulder blade and press she cheek against he spine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24. racine ( reacting ) hey , gimme a break here . it take a little while . matty ( ignore he , laugh ) it 's you fault . racine ( smile ) it take I a good thirty second . matty be you sure ? I just want to make sure here . she pull he down . on the lounge cushion that be spread across the floor , matty roll on top of racine . racine react with exaggerated pain to the roughness of the cushion . racine Jesus , I think you be right -- ( he roll over she ) -- you better be on the bottom . matty no , you misunderstand -- ( she roll over he ) -- this be my new saddle , and I just want to -- racine wow ! no , I must object -- laugh , they roll again and we're on racine 's face as we : CUT to : int . matty' bedroom - night racine 's face ; he be still roll , but he be alone . he have just roll off the bed . he lie there like a dead man . racine ( finally , breathless ) enough . int . master bathroom - night racine be at the sink , have just wash he tired face . he open the medicine cabinet and look at all the convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . toiletry of matty 's husband . he select a cologne , be impressed by its expensive look , and slap a little on he jaw . he do not like the smell . he close the cabinet and move back into the bedroom . int . matty' bedroom - night matty , wrap in a thin white terrycloth robe , be stripping the bed of its sheet . racine watch from across the room . racine what be you do ? matty I have get to wash this . racine you be afraid of you may ? matty that 's right . my mother tell I " knowledge be power . " racine this be a interesting interpretation . be that why you have start smoking my brand ? matty straighten with a armload of sheet . matty no one must know . promise I , ned . no one . he promise with a gesture . int . racine's apartment - dawn racine come in , beat . he throw he jacket across a chair . out the window to the porch , the sun be rise out of the Atlantic . racine go there and close the curtain . in the gloom he walk to he bed and sit on the edge , kick off he shoe . he pick up he alarm clock and begin set it . ext . WALKER house - lawn / gazebo - night racine have just park he car and be walk back across the lawn . matty be stand in the gazebo , she back turn , look out at the waterway . she be dress in white and from here she look very much as she do when they first meet . there be wind chime hang from the gazebo . racine hey , lady , wanna make love ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26. the lady in question turn around , surprised . it be not matty at all . it be mary ann . she 's attractive , but a little cheap -look . she look he over . mary ann I do not know . maybe this sure be a friendly town . racine be nonpluss . he do not know what to do . racine I be sorry . mary ann ( mock hurt feeling ) you be ? you mean the offer no good ? racine come up on the porch . racine I feel like a jerk . Mary Ann give he a salacious smile . mary ann maybe you be suppose to deliver it next door ? ( a beat ) you must be look for the lady of the house . unbeknownst to either of they , matty have be watch from the lawn . now she move up into the gazebo . in she right hand she have a envelope , well - fill and seal . ext . intersection a block away from the station , the patrol car race toward a intersection . suddenly , a woman step into the street , push a baby buggy . Pat slam on the brake , and the car skid sideways toward the intersection , where it rock onto two wheel and stop just a few yard short of the buggy . Sam stick he head out the window . SAM be you crazy , lady ? do not you hear the siren ? the woman dive to the ground as the baby sit up in the buggy -- he be a midget with a cigar in he mouth and a tommy gun in he hand . Pat jerk Sam to the floor just as the midget open fire . the midget riddle the car with bullet . headlights explode , window be smashed , the grill be tear to shred , and steam mushroom into the air . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27. all four tire be flatten , a bumper be shear off , and still the blast go on . there 's almost nothing leave of the patrol car as a dark sedan wheel into the intersection to pick up the woman and the midget . the sedan speed away , and Pat and Sam climb out of the rubble , unhurt but very shake . CUT to : int . tracy's car sire off , Tracy cut the motor and silently glide into Cullen Park , stop just under a low-hanging weep willow . ext . boathouse approach the boathouse carefully , Tracy take out he pistol . the front door be ajar . Tracy push it , and it creak open . he enter cautiously . int . boathouse the boathouse be dark , light only by moonlight and park light that shine through the window . tensely , Tracy listen for sound , then move very carefully past stack up rowboat and canoe . trace against a window at the far end of the boathouse , Tracy see the silhouette of a man . gripping he pistol , he move silently toward that silhouette , close in on it while keep alert for movement . matty ned , this be Mary Ann . matty hand the envelope to Mary Ann , who put it in she purse . mary ann ( smile ) we be just meeting . ned make I feel very welcome . racine I be a idiot . Nice to meet you . be you stay in town ? mary ann no , no , just pass through . Nice area . a little hot for my taste . racine it 's unusual . we be famous for we cool breeze . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. there be a pregnant pause as Mary Ann look he over , fight some private amusement . matty ( to Mary Ann ) do you want to stay for dinner ? mary ann ( negative ) get to go , get to go . she peck matty on the cheek , then step close to racine to shake he hand . mary ann you two have fun now . she 's smile as she leave the gazebo and walk across the lawn . matty take racine 's arm as they watch Mary Ann get into she little sport car , which have be pull up close to the house . she pull out wave . racine I do not see she car . I be sorry . I get to be more careful . matty turn to he and put she arm around he neck . matty Mary Ann 's a old friend . she 's like a sister to I . she want I to be happy . ext . lawn / lagoon - WALKER house - night matty 's mercede have be pull out onto lawn next to the lagoon which border the grass . racine and matty can be see , intermittently rise into view in the back seat , grapple , then disappear again . matty be giggle . racine ( o.s. ) ( not in a jovial mood ) you know , this have never be one of my pleasure . car . I consider the time I spend make it -- ( grunt , sit up ) -- like this ... penance for some sin . matty ( o.s. ) what sin ? racine I never know . maybe worshipp woman instead of God . but it never do anything for I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . matty ( o.s. ) not even a mercede ? ( racine shake he head ) with genuine calf skin upholstery ? racine no . matty ( o.s. ) not this ? matty rise up , wrap she arm around he neck and kiss he deeply . she pull he out of sight . dissolve to : int . matty' bedroom - night a ashtray , full to overflow , on the rug next to matty 's bed . and , above it , matty 's hand , clutching the sheet on the side of the bed . dissolve to : int . master bathroom racine and matty lie together in the full bathtub . on the floor beside the tub be the container that catch the ice from a refrigerator 's automatic icemaker . racine you be kill I . matty be there any more ice ? I be burn up . racine grope for the ice container and dump the remain ice cub into the tub with they . matty snatch one out of the water and hold it to she forehead . matty he 's come up tomorrow . racine know . matty I can not stand the think of he ... he 's small and mean ... and weak . racine watch some water run through he finger . he cradle she head in a embrace that have nothing to do with sex . she look sad . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . ext . ground - walker' place -- night the Middle of the night . a light fog have roll in . racine be walk slowly through the shadow of the heavy foliage . he stop beside a rubber tree . racine's Pov . the Walker House . in front sit a huge white cadillac . all the light in the house be out . the wind chime tinkle softly . racine light a cigarette . int . racine's office - day racine stand at the window stare down at the busy Main Street . he be far away . int . entry hall - WALKER house - night racine have just enter . matty be call from somewhere out of sight . matty ( o.s. ) just do what I say ! go into the live room . racine come on ! it 's be three day . I want to see you -- matty ( o.s. ) I be go to make it up to you tonight . but you must behave . now go ! racine I be go . I be go . int . live room racine go into the live room and sit down on the couch . racine I be here . matty ( o.s. ) good . matty come in carry a tray with two drink on it . and she be dress in the uniform of a airline stewardess , complete all the way to she little cap . she can not keep a straight face , despite she effort . racine begin to laugh . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. matty ( choke back she giggle ) good evening , sir ... welcome to ... to Flight 413 ... nonstop to ... she hand he a drink , but he take it and the tray and put they on the floor . he pull she down across he lap . they be both laugh hard . he kiss she . racine what do you take I for ? matty do not you like it ? racine you think I be a kid ? matty you do not like it ? I think you go for this stuff . he push she back across the sofa . matty wait ... wait ... I want to tell you about the thing ... the thing that will drop from the ceiling ... in case the cabin suddenly depressurize -- oho ... ext . drive range - night a dozen golfer be practice , spot along the row of hit pad under floodlight . most be drench with sweat from they exertion in the muggy air . they randomly time swing send streaking white bullet into the darkness . but what be hypnotic , what so capture a hot night in sound , be the irregular cracking of club meeting ball : crack , crack -crack -crack , crack-crack ! in the darkness of the overlook parking lot , behind a high fence , sit the stingray , with racine in the driver 's seat and matty close beside he . they sit in silence . matty ( finally ) what be we do here ? racine ( hushed ) listen ! ( crack , crack ) I love that sound . matty listen , but she eye be on racine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. matty I want to be in bed . racine be that all you ever think about ? racine watch the golfer , listen intently . then he see that matty be cry . he comfort she . racine hey ! I be kid . matty look straight ahead and she tone be somber . matty yes ... that 's all I ever think about ... you and I . you body near mine , close . I be not right when you be not with I . I get the shake . and each time , when I first see you , I shake even more . for a while . and then I get calm . I feel safe ... I have never be this way . I can not remember how I live before . he know it 's true . it 's the same for he . he wipe she cheek with he hand . crack , crack - crack , crack . ext . / int . WALKER house ( series of shot ) - night waterway / boat house -- the water lap against the pier . gently . the quiet sound almost overpower by the insistent buzz of the night insect . the camera move toward the house . lagoon / gazebo -- a giant palmetto bug leap from a lily pad into the water , create a tiny ripple . the camera move toward the house . stairwell / hallway -- quiet and dark . the camera move along the shiny white post of the stair . upward . int . matty' bedroom - night racine and matty be in bed . matty be sound asleep , she back close to racine . but he be not asleep . he be propped up , look down at she . we have never see he face like this before . never this open , never so much in repose . she stir , and then be still again . he touch she hair lightly . she sleep . int . stella's coffee shop - day same courthouse / cop crowd as before . racine finish a sandwich at a table as lowenstein sit down with two tall glass of iced coffee , both of which he drink down . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33. racine you look terrible . do not you sleep ? lowenstein I have a dream last night that be so boring it wake I up . I be afraid to go back to sleep . where the hell have you be ? racine what do you mean , I be around . lowenstein I have barely see you for a month . wait a minute -- it 's some new quiff , be not it ? what 's wrong with I . racine dismiss this with a gesture . lowenstein you have never be shy about that stuff . at this moment , detective oscar grace , a big , powerful black man come in . he 's a plainclothes cop in shirt sleeve , he jacket in he hand . as he pass racine on he way to the third seat at the table , he squeeze racine 's shoulder with he huge hand , by way of greeting . racine oscar . grace hey . you be not at the y last week . we lose . lowenstein ( about racine ) he 's get discreet . I can not believe it . stella come over . grace whatcha get in pie today , stella ? stella ( glance behind she ) cherry , cherry ... and cherry . grace what do you recommend ? stella I like the cherry . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34. grace bring it on . and a gigantic Coke . lowenstein I be really disappointed , racine . I have be live vicariously off you for year . if you shut up on I , I will have just my wife . racine there 's nothing to tell . I lead a lonely life . grace right . and it 's gonna snow later today -- lowenstein ... and people be basically decent .. ( look around the restaurant ) ... must be someone I know . let 's see -- someone in uniform ... Grace laugh . racine shake he head in mock exasperation . lowenstein ...no Army personnel around . waitress ... could it be ... ( like brando in " streetcar , " but soft ) ... stella ! stella arrive with Grace 's order . lowenstein look she over as a possible for racine , but shake he head . stella linger . lowenstein spot someone , speak to racine in a loud , excited whisper . lowenstein I know , I know -- you finally get to glenda . across the restaurant , glenda , a meter maid , be talk with some other woman . lowenstein how be it ? do she let you into the no parking zone ? stella I will have you know glenda be seriously involved with a narc from Palm Beach . racine ( smile he innocence ) there you be . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . lowenstein a narc from Palm Beach ? be that he hobby ? racine how 's the cop business , oscar ? grace Real good . always start hoppin ' in weather like this . when it get hot , people try to kill each other . stella it 's true . I could tell you some people who will be dead if we do not get a break soon . she leave . the three man exchange amused look . grace we have get more of everything bad since the wave start . it 's the crisis atmosphere . people dress different , feel different , sweat more . they wake up cranky and they never recover . look at lowenstein . ( a flash of smile ) thing be just a little askew . pretty soon people think the old rule be not in effect . they start break they . figure no one will care , cause it 's emergency time ... time out . he take a big bite of pie . lowenstein oscar , I just do not understand how you could be do advanced theoretical think like that and still be stick work in we little town . grace ( good-humored ) lowenstein dream of bigger thing . lowenstein Assistant County prosecutor be not the end for I , fellow . racine Hell , no . someday -- deputy County prosecutor . lowenstein when the truth come out about some of the dirt I have be involved in , ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . lowenstein ( cont 'd ) my future in this state will be unlimited . glenda the meter maid pass they table on she way out . she have eye only for racine . glenda hello , ned . racine hi , glenda . she go out . lowenstein and Grace look at racine , then at each other . Grace smile hugely . ext . lighthouse / sand dune - night the big beacon turn in the distance , throw a intermittent bridge of light across the water toward we . the undulate dune stretch off as far as we can see . racine 's stingray be park on the dirt access road . below it , racine and matty sit close in the warm sand . matty do not say it , if you do not mean it . please , ned , do not . racine I do . I want you with I . she look at he a long time . there be real joy in she face . and tear in she eye . we be very close to that eye as she wipe the tear away . racine put a arm around she . she look out at the lighthouse . matty I be go to tell Edmund I want a divorce . I will not stay any longer . I would have , if you have not come along . the life be comfortable . I be willing to go on . but you have remind I of what it can be ... I know now that this last three year I have be live half a life . it 's my fault , I do not deny it . you have to let yourself be buy . I do . I let it happen . I have live so much of my life with nothing . when you have no money , you have no choice . I do not care what they say -- money be freedom . that 's something they do not teach you in school . but I find out . and when Edmund come along when I see a chance to stop struggle I take it . I be not ashamed . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . matty ( cont 'd ) he get what he want ... he have a knack for that . but no more . I be ready to walk away from the money . I have to be with you . racine ( kiss she , smile ) it be conceivable I will make a buck someday . matty ( hug he closer ) oh , I know you will , darling . I do not mean that . I know you will . but it do not matter . it 's you I want . that 's all . racine anyway , you will come out all right . matty of the divorce ? racine yeah . he 's ripe . matty be silent for a long beat . matty no . I sign a pre-nuptial agreement . racine what ? matty he insisted . he blame it on he sister roz -- she 's always hate I -- but I know he want it too . racine how be it ? matty bad . I get some money for a year . not much . that 's it . but I do not care , ned . not if I can be with you . she search he face , almost frighten . matty do it matter , ned ? tell I the truth please . I will understand , I swear to you . racine the truth ? I wish you be go to be load . do it matter ? no. no . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38. they kiss . matty God , you have make I happy . ( she pull away ) it 's time for you present . she jump up and run back to the car . racine walk back there as matty take a wrap package out of the car . she hand it to racine , who lean against the car to unwrap it . matty from now on , when it start come down on you , I will be there to protect you . racine open the box and smile broadly . it be a hat a fedora in the classic style . matty put it on ! I will bet I guess the size right . racine put on the fedora . it fit . he look simultaneously old - fashioned , a visitor from the Forties , and also very chic , a present - day fashion plate . but most of all , he look exactly right . matty squeal in glee at the sight . matty I love it . racine I want to see . racine try to see he reflection in the car 's side view mirror but he have trouble . matty , very animated in she delight , step up and kiss he quickly . matty look in my eye . can you see yourself ? racine try for a moment , then give up with a laugh . matty here ! matty open the door of the stingray and sit in the passenger seat with she leg out . she roll up the window in that door as racine stand before it . the glass capture the moonlight to make a perfect mirror . as the window go up , racine 's reflection appear on the glass , pose in he hat . at the same time , matty 's face disappear from view . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . int . racine's office - day racine lie on the couch . he spin the fedora matty give he on he finger , beverly come up and lean against the doorjamb . she 's wear a tee-shirt and tight slack ; she look good . she watch he for a moment . beverly Big weekend plan ? racine nope , small weekend . tiny little weekend . beverly there 's jazz tonight at the beach ... if you be not do anything ... racine beverly , do yourself a big favor and forget it . beverly forget what ? racine whatever you be think . she shrug .. she turn back to she desk , unconvince . int . bar - night busy weekend crowd . racine sit drink alone at the bar . he signal for another . ext . STREET in front of WALKER place - night racine drive slowly by , head craning to peer into the darkness . we begin to hear the thumping again -- ext . the pier - day racine have be run . walk now , breathe hard , he take he cigarettes from he short . at the end of the pier he fold he body over the rail so that it look as though he will topple over the edge . but he do not ; he light up and look down there . racine's Pov . the water follow against the thick piling . then , tilting up , up , and over , past the ocean 's horizon to the perfect blue sky , which fill the screen . racine be look straight up , blow he own cloud . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40. int . racine's apartment - day racine lie smoking in bed , bath in sweat , a beer nearby . a fan be point at he , but it 's blow hot air . he look at the telephone . ext . porch of racine's apartment - night fog . thick and heavy . racine 's cigarette glow in it as he sit in the gray limbo . the phone in the apartment ring . int . racine's apartment racine come in from the porch and pick up the phone . racine yeah . matty ( filter ) come to I . racine do you tell he ? matty ( filter , after a pause ) no ... I could not . racine 's face relax . he look relieved . racine okay , I be come . ext . second floor porch - WALKER place - night same thick fog . the wind chime tinkle softly . Light seep out from matty 's bedroom window , half - revealing racine and matty lie together on a lounge . matty be in she white terrycloth robe , racine just short . racine how do you know ? matty I see the will once . he show it to I . he be try to prove something ... how much he love I or something . racine how would he get so fat ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41. matty the stock market , investment , real estate . he do not tell I anything , but I have pick up a little . I know they own a lot of land along the shore here . racine who 's " they " ' matty ( she do not know ) he 's never introduce I to anyone . I be not sure if they be all legitimate . racine ( snort at the odd of that ) I wonder what they call themselves . maybe I have hear of they . matty they own that old place in miranda Beach , the breaker ... I know that . racine ( surprised ) the breaker ? I think hermie Fisher own that land . matty ( shrug ) Edmund mention it once . racine light another cigarette and gaze off into the fog , think . matty press she cheek against he chest and close she eye tight . matty ned , it scare I to talk about this thing . racine why ? matty you know . racine no. I do not . matty let 's just not , okay ? let 's not think about all he 's get . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42. racine ( press ) what be it , matty ? tell I exactly what frighten you . matty I be afraid ... because when I think about it , I wish that he would die . that 's really what I want . it 's horrible and ugly and it 's what I most want . racine look off into the night for a few beat , then he lift she face so he can look into she eye . racine that 's where we be at , be not it , matty ? matty what do you mean ? racine that 's what we be both think -- how good it would be for we if he be go . it would be real sweet for we . matty do not talk about it , ned . please do not . talk be dangerous . sometimes it make thing happen , it make it real . racine do not let it scare you . because he 's not gonna die . there 's nothing wrong with he , be there ? there 's no reason to think he 's gonna die , be there ? matty shake she head " no , " lay it in he chest again . racine that 's right . so we might as well forget about it , it 's not gonna just happen to make thing nice for we ... it will not just happen . racine lift she head and kiss she on the mouth . matty I be afraid , ned . racine maybe that 's a smart way to be now , matty . maybe we both should be . racine take a last drag on he cigarette and flick it out into the fog , convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. racine the only thing wrong with you husband right now ... be we . int . bar - pay phone at back again , racine be get no answer . he give up , go back to he seat at the bar . ext . telephone booth - MAIN STREET - day late afternoon . racine , sportcoat sling over he shoulder , listen to repeat ringing at the other end of he call . he 's surprised there 's no answer . people drag by , make they way home from work in the heat . finally , racine hang up . racine come out of the phone booth . he have nowhere to go . he amble down the street . a few people say hello . he walk diagonally across the street toward a restaurant call " tulio 's . " int . tulio' restaurant - dusk the best restaurant in miranda Beach . racine slip on he jacket as he come in the door . he wave to the hostess across the dining room , indicate he will be alone tonight . she signal a short wait . he step toward the bar , bring he suddenly face to face with matty . racine well , well . hello to you -- the panic which shoot across she face , cut he off in mid-sentence , a split second before edmund WALKER appear behind she . matty 's face go calm and she smile politely . matty ( to racine ) hello . she turn to she husband . he be not what racine expect . he may , in fact , be mean , as matty describe he , but he look neither small nor weak . a handsome man , he be bigger than racine and in terrific shape . dress in a expensive summer suit , he radiate vigor and control physical power . he wear sleek , metal - frame glass . matty darling , I would like you to meet Mr. racine . I be sorry . I do not know you first name . racine ned . he offer he hand and Walker enclose it firmly in he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44. WALKER Edmund Walker . Nice to meet you . matty Mr. racine be the lawyer I tell you about . ( Walker do not remember ) you remember . he have a client who want to buy the house . I tell he we be not sell . WALKER right . racine that have not change , have it ? WALKER no , we be very happy with it . racine ( nod ) I can understand that . it 's a terrific place . Walker nod , look at racine carefully . he motion toward the dining room . WALKER be you go in ? racine I be just go to grab a bite . WALKER join we . racine no . thanks very much , but I do not want to interfere with -- the hostess have come toward they . WALKER do not be silly . come on . ( to hostess ) we have room for three , do not we ? the hostess nod and lead the way . Walker gesture matty ahead , then put a big hand behind racine 's elbow and usher he into the dining room . WALKER I have hear this place be great . but you can not get near it on the weekend and I do not get down during the week much . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . racine be that right ? wipe to : later they have finish they salad at a table toward the back . a waiter come and take away they dish . Walker have take off he glass and be clean the lense with a lovely handkerchief . he do this clean with enormous care and inordinate relish . his manner be a mix of gruff charm and hint menace . there 's something dangerous about the man and it 's perfectly distil in he smile , which be quick , frequent and vaguely threaten . WALKER I be a lawyer . still be , I guess . but I do not practice . go to Columbia . you ? racine f. S. U. WALKER ( nod ) good school . I get bored with it quick . I guess I do not have the temperament . I want to make the money faster . be there a live in it here ? racine I can afford to send my shirt out . and eat here once a month , if I do not order a appetizer . Walker smile , re-fold he handkerchief carefully and put it back in the cheat pocket of he jacket . WALKER I figure a honest lawyer do not make much and the other kind be too slimy for I . I would rather be upfront about shafting somebody . matty Edmund , really . it 's Mr. racine 's profession . racine that 's all right . I do not like it much . WALKER what 's to like . that 's the way of the world . most people despise they job . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46. Walker pick up a wine bottle and pour more into each of they glass , empty it . racine do you ? WALKER no . I love it . but it 's not a job . racine what be it , exactly ? Walker signal to a distant waiter for another bottle of wine . he do it with a small flick of he finger . WALKER various thing . this and that . here and there . racine you do not have to be specific . WALKER ( that smile again ) Finance , basically . venture capital , investment , real estate . we be into a few thing . racine yeah ? around here ? WALKER some . we own some thing here . matty Edmund 's company own the breaker . racine be that right ? for a second , Walker 's eye flick over matty like a whip . WALKER it 's not that simple . we have a interest in a few place along the shore . for the land . you know . someday . there 's no explain it to she . matty ( to racine ) I be too dumb . woman , you know . she pick up she purse and stand up with a good-humored smile . the man rise . matty I will be right back . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. then maybe we can talk about pantyhose or something interesting . she walk away . Walker watch she go with a satisfied , possessive grin . they sit . WALKER she 's something , be not she ? racine ( nod ) a lovely lady . WALKER yes , she be . I be crazy about she . if I ever think she be see another guy ... I do not know . ( he take a sip of wine ) I would understand how it could happen . her be the way she be . I would understand it . but I think I would kill the guy with my bare hand . racine that 's understanding . Walker look at racine and laugh . as he begin to speak , he focus intently on racine . he seem to be try to communicate something other than what he 's say . WALKER you would not believe the dorkus she be with when I meet she . the guy come to we with a business proposition . we be always look for opportunity . if the condition be right . we be willing to take a occasional risk , if the downside be not too steep . but this guy have not do he homework , he do not know the bottom line . that 's how I know he be full of shit . you have get to know the bottom line . that 's all that really count . again Walker take off he glass . he hold they up to the light and then rub they again with he handkerchief . WALKER he do not have the goods , this guy . he be like a lot of guy you run into -- they want to get rich , they want to do it quick , they want to be there with one score . he put he glass back on , stare at racine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. WALKER but they be not willing to do what 's necessary . do you know what I mean ? racine look at he in silence for a moment . racine I be not sure . you mean , lay the groundwork ? earn it ? WALKER no . I mean do what 's necessary . whatever 's necessary . the two man stare at each other a few beat . racine yeah . I know that kind of guy . I can not stand that . it make I sick . WALKER I too . racine I be not like that . Walker roar with laughter . a huge , powerful burst that shake the table . and racine laugh with he . ext . WALKER house - night matty 's bedroom window , from a distance . the light go out , racine be watch from the shadow of the gazebo . he stare up there . the tinkling of the wind chime rise and rise . it crest and begin to fade , replace by the whooshing . ext . beach - dawn racine run south along the beach . the whooshing slow . he be look at something . he take out he cigarettes as he slow to a walk . when he be directly across from what he 's stare at , he sit in the sand , he light up . racine's Pov - " the breaker , " a ancient wooden beach hotel , of medium size , sit at the edge of the beach . it be close down , board up , deteriorate horribly in the ocean air . ext . MAIN STREET - day lunchtime . racine be head toward he office , briefcase in hand . beverly appear out of the noon crush ; she 's go the other way in a hurry . beverly there be some message on you desk . be back in a hour . get to run . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . int . racine's office - day racine come into the reception room from the hall . he 's surprised the door be unlock . he cross the room and open the door to he office . matty be sit in one of the chair in front of he desk . she jump up at the sight of he and move up to embrace he . racine Jesus ! do beverly see you ? matty kiss he on the mouth , then shake she head " no . " matty I wait till I see she leave . please do not be angry with I . racine angry ? I be not angry -- how would you get in ? matty it do not lock . oh. ned , hold I . please just hold I , God , I love you . racine reach over and lock the door to he office . matty he leave this morning . I have to see you . racine ( kissing she ) I know . matty I could not call . I be afraid to call . I be afraid you would not let I come . racine yes , that 's right . you can not call . never call . we have to be very careful now about the phone . the phone company keep record . matty I be careful . I hate it , ned . I hate sit there with the two of you . I think I be go to scream . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . racine ( distract , think ) you do good . ( find he think ) you have call my apartment from the house . matty no , never . racine no ? that two time -- matty I go to phone booth . I be afraid of he , ned . I be always afraid . racine that 's good . we have to be careful about the phone now . matty why , ned , why do you say this now ? racine ( in he own thought ) we could account for a couple call . we have have some contact . that would make sense . matty grasp he face in she hand and look into he face . matty why , ned ? what 's happen ? racine because we be go to kill he . we both know that . matty 's face look different than we have see it . there 's a fire burn behind there and the heat it 's throw be bring she equal portion of dread and relief . she stare at he , racine that 's what you want , be not it ? we know it be come . it 's the only way we can get everything we want , be not it ? matty 's nod be barely perceptible . racine the man 's gonna die for no reason but we want he dead . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51. racine ( cont 'd ) he do not deserve it . let 's not ever say that . we be do it for we . and you be go to inherit half of everything he own . that 's what the will say , right ? again , the tiny nod . he pull she head close , so he do not have to look into she eye anymore . racine that 's it then . we be gonna kill he . and I think I know how . matty react to this . matty it 's real , then ? racine yeah , it 's real all right , and if we be not careful , it 's gonna be the last real thing we do . ext . fishing harbor - STREET across from dock - night matty sit at the wheel of she mercede at the curb . she smoke she cigarette nervously . racine walk over to the car from the dock and lean down to the window . racine I know where he be . it 's not far from here . I do not want you with I . matty I think we settle that . I will wait in the car , but -- ( she put a hand on he ) -- I want to take the risk with you . we be both do this . racine give she a look of resignation and move around the car . int . teddy laursen's workshop - night teddy laursen , rock and roll arsonist , be keep the beat and mouth the word along with the Bruce springsteen tape on he workbench . teddy be in he mid-twenty , dress in a black T-shirt and jeans . his arson workshop be locate in the basement of a old building . all around he be the tool and supplies of he trade : wire , rope , can , vise , alarm clock , chemical container , and a huge assortment of mechanical implement . he keep all he small accessory in dozen of cigar box , unlabel . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52. he know where everything be . teddy be watch racine , who be kneel on the floor before a compact incendiary device . teddy wince at the way racine clip two wire together . he reach over to turn down the tape slightly , then squat down next to racine to demonstrate the proper method . teddy whatsa matter , you can not think with a little music ? ( demonstrate ) like this , I say . racine nod then duplicate the clipping . teddy go back to he stool , slapping the beat of the music on he thigh . racine pull out the alarm lever on the clock attach to the device and stand up . he throw a look to teddy and teddy nod that , yes , the device be now set . racine that 's it ? teddy ( nod to the music ) it 's fast . it 's hot . it 's simple . you can use the clock or rig it to something that move . it start big and it will go with just the mag clip . if you want more , splash a little accelerator around . racine just regular gasoline ? teddy regular , unlead , supreme -- whatever you like , counselor . I get to tell you , though , this mama have a big drawback . racine what ? teddy it 's easy to spot , even after the meltdown . they will know it 's arson . racine I do not care about that . ( look at teddy ) that 's all there be to it ? teddy be offended . teddy no. no-no-no-no . that be not all there be to it . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. teddy ( cont 'd ) you gotta get in , you gotta get out . you gotta pick the right spot and the right time . and you gotta try not to get famous while you be in the act . ( gesture at the device ) if that be all there be to it , any idiot could do it . racine sorry . teddy hey , now I want to ask you something , be you listen , asshole , because I like you ? ( racine nod ) I get a serious question for you . what the fuck be you do ? this be not shit for you to be mess with . be you ready to hear something ? see if this sound familiar . anytime you try a decent crime , there be fifty way to fuck up . if you think of twenty - five of they you be a genius . and you be no genius . you know who tell I that ? racine remember tell teddy that . teddy listen , man , maybe you should let I do it for you . gratis . I will do it . I would not even be on the street if it be not for you . racine look he over , shake he head " no . " racine thanks . teddy I hope you know what you be doin ' you better be pretty damn sure about it . if you be not sure , do not do it . of course , that 's my recommendation anyway -- do not do it . ( he put a hand on racine 's shoulder ) because I tell you , counselor , this arson , this be serious crime . racine look at he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. int . enclosed side verandah - WALKER house - night racine sit smoking , watch matty fill they tall highball glass with ice at the bar . matty I do not know why he 's so crazy about she . maybe because he never have any of he own . she 's a cute little girl , all right , but other than that ... I know this , though , she mother have work plenty hard to keep Heather on Edmund 's mind , always bring she around , report everything she do in school . that roz be a smart one . and you know that anything Heather inherit go straight to roz . Heather will not even get a look at it . that 's the part I can not stand . that 's why it seem so wrong to have half of it go to she . she hand he he glass and stand next to he , she hand play with he hair . racine that 's the way it be . there 's nothing we can do about it . she kneel beside he . matty be you sure , ned ? I have be think about it . maybe there be . the will be with he lawyer in Miami I know that . what if I could get he to bring it home ? he do it once , he would do it again . if I could swing it , could not we rewrite it ? Change it . then when he die , I could find the new one . we could just change it a little . every little change would mean a lot to we , end . you be a lawyer . you know how to write it . it would not seem so odd . I could say he bring it home and we talk about it and decide to make some change up here . and I know you already -- racine be shaking he head . racine no. forget it . matty I just do not see why Heather should take half -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . racine put down he drink and turn to look down at she . racine listen to I , matty . nothing strange can happen in he life right now , not one thing out of the ordinary . that 's vital , that 's the main thing . if anything do , the chance double that we get catch . you and I be walk out there on the edge every second now . one false move and we be gonna fall off . it will be all over . you have get to remember that all the time . ( he study she face ) you will get half of everything and it will be plenty . no matter what it be , we be gonna be satisfied . we be not gonna get greedy . if we do , we will get burn . you gotta believe I , baby , the odd that we will get burn be good enough without look for trouble . she study he with frighten eye , then nod she agreement and lay she hand in he lap . matty you be right , darling . I be sorry . I know you be right . ext . " the breaker " - night Middle of the night . no one in sight . now come the only movement -- a miranda Beach Police patrol car drive slowly up the street next to the old hotel and turn south on Ocean Avenue . when it be go , all be dead again . ext . the beach - night racine have watch the patrol car from the darkness of the beach . now he sit in the sand again , he back against the raise bank of sand on which he run . he light a flashlight and make a notation in a small notepad . int . " the breaker " - night racine 's footstep creak through the blackness . then he flashlight reveal a corridor in the crumble basement of the old hotel . racine be not the first to have violate the premise -- scattered about be beer can , whiskey bottle , bed make of newspaper , the remain of food . rat chitter and scamper in the shadow . a lizard scoot over the pipe . racine go through a doorway and be in what use to be a supply area at the bottom of a stairway . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . scatter about be empty wooden food crate . the wall be line with tall wooden shelf ; one of this unit be tip over across the room , racine shine he light in that direction and see what cause the shelf to fall . one of the beam which cross the ceiling have rotted loose and drop one end to the floor . racine have find what he want . ext . WALKER house - parking area - might we be close on racine's watch ; it read 2:30 . racine okay . gotta go . racine , at the wheel of the stingray be look at he watch . matty be lean down to the window dress only in a robe . matty be careful . racine I be just go for a ride . I wish it be all this dangerous . she kiss he deeply . matty I love you . he look at he watch again and pull away . matty stand watch . ext . from pinehaven to " the breaker " - series of shot - night racine drive he murder route . the road be almost totally desert . intermittently he pass sign welcoming he to the town as he travel south . a . the first stretch of he trip , racine travel on a desert back road with overhange tree . a teenage hotrodder pass he and he be alone again . as he turn off the road , he check he watch . B. he drive through a neighborhood of neat house . no life . c. he turn onto a four line interstate . more traffic here -- long haul trucker , late night drinker . D. he drive across a graceful drawbridge , rimmed by light , over a canal . E. he drive toward the ocean beside a pretty lake in a park . a patrol car pass the other way . racine check he watch . f. at " the breaker . " racine follow the same path as the police car he would watch . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . int . county jail - corridor outside visiting room - day a seedy - look thief be bring out of the visit room by a uniform deputy , follow by racine , briefcase in hand . racine shake the thief 's hand . the deputy lead the thief away down the hall . racine glance at he depart client , then head in the other direction . before he have go too far a heavy , metal , bar door at the other end swallow up the thief with a pierce clang ! racine jump . he put a hand against the wall . int . bed - matty' bedroom - night racine and matty , just they head on one pillow , inch apart . they look at each other in silence . finally -- racine and ? matty the side door . racine and ? matty two a.m. I send he down . racine we will not talk again after I leave here tonight . I will be in Miami by noon Friday . you will not be able to reach I . when I see you again , he will be dead . matty nod . she begin to cry . racine touch she . matty I be so frighten . so be racine . int . racine's stingray - interstate 95 - day racine look off to he leave . Miami rise out of the flat horizon . ext . interstate 95 - day the red stingray whip off the interstate toward the skyscraper of Miami . ext . budget rent-a-car office - day racine , on foot now , come down the sidewalk and enter the office . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58. int . WALKER house - day matty unlock the door side of the house . she test it once from the outside . ext . empty lot - miami - day a Real estate agent lean against he car read a newspaper at the front of a huge , empty lot beneath a causeway . there 's a big " for sale " sign up . racine pull up in the stingray . the Real estate agent throw he paper in he car and go over to shake hand with racine . they turn to look at the lot . ext . entrance - sheraton HOTEL ( miami ) - day racine pull up in the stingray . he take a overnight bag from the car and go inside as a parking attendant wheel the stingray into a underground garage . ext . front terrace - WALKER house - day matty sit on the porch drink a highball . she stub out another cigarette in the overflow ashtray and look at she watch . her foot swing nervously . ext . route ala - next to beach - dusk Edmund Walker 's big white cadillac zip north . int . front desk - sheraton HOTEL ( miami ) - night racine joke with the female clerk at the desk . she like he ; she will remember he . int . second floor window - WALKER house - night matty watch the light of Edmund 's cadillac come up the drive . ext . front terrace - WALKER house - night matty come to the end of the porch , a big , welcoming smile on she face . Edmund be get out the driver 's side . WALKER hello , sweetheart . have I get a nice present for you . the passenger door of the cadillac swing open . pretty nine - year-old heather kraft pop out with a grin . heather hi , aunt matty ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . matty 's smile fade for a instant , but she manage to put it back . matty Heather . what a surprise . int . dine room - WALKER house - night matty , Edmund and Heather have a late dinner . Edmund and Heather joke together , matty join in . int . corridor - sheraton HOTEL ( miami ) - night a " do not disturb " sign be still swinging on racine 's hotel room door as he slip into the stairwell at the end of the hall . int . side door - WALKER house - night matty appear , quickly look and test the door , then hurry away . ext . side STREET - miami - night racine unlock a rent , gray oldsmobile and get in . int . second floor hallway - WALKER house - night through a open door , Edmund can be see kissing Heather goodnight in the guest room . he get up , come to the door and switch off she light . he start to close she door , but she speak to he . he nod and leave the door half open . int . racine's rented oldsmobile ( insert cu ) - night racine 's face , intermittently light by the road light , be set , intense . we move in on it and -- dissolve to : int . matty' bedroom - night matty 's face , she head on a pillow , turn away from she husband , away from the bedroom door . her look be just as intense as racine 's . her eye be focus on - a alarm clock on the nightstand -- 1:15 . there be the SOUND of a car somewhere outside and matty react to it silently . she listen with she whole be . the wind chime tinkle . ext . side door - WALKER house - night racine 's hand take hold of the doorknob . he try it . it will not open . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . racine 's face . puzzle . he give a irritate glance upward . then he move along the wall . int . matty' bedroom - night the alarm clock -- 1:42 . matty watch . matty listen . she try to confirm that Walker be sleep without look there . matty begin to move she leg slowly toward the side of the bed , to get out . suddenly , the bed lurch . matty gasp and whip she head around to look . Edmund be stand next to he side of the bed in he undershort . he put on he glass and look at she . WALKER Jesus , take it easy . I think I be tense . matty what be you do ? WALKER I can not sleep . I be go down and get something to drink . matty watch with panicky eye as Edmund move toward door . when she speak , she voice be different , husky . matty Edmund . he turn to look at she . she move once on the bed , languidly . matty I can not sleep , either . he peer at she in the darkness . matty lock the door , darling . Edmund study she , then walk over and lock the door . wipe to : int . matty' bedroom - night Edmund 's alarm clock - 2:05 . Edmund roll into view , he breath rag . matty 's hand be on he chest . Edmund look at she and laugh . WALKER you try to kill I ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61. matty , flat on she back , smile weakly and look at the ceiling . again , the mattress move . she look at Edmund . he have pull on he short and be walk toward the bathroom . WALKER I be go downstairs . do you want anything ? he disappear into the bathroom . matty slip out of bed . she be wear a silky nightgown . she hurry to the bedroom door . matty ( call softly to he ) I will go down with you . she open the door and step into the hall . int . second floor hall - night matty look across the hall toward the open door to the guest room ; it be dark . she hurry to the stair , peer down into the darkness . she start down the step . int . first floor hall - night matty' Pov as she come down the step . each shadow , doorway , and alcove threaten to erupt with life . matty reach the bottom of the stair and peer around . she start back along the dark hall of the house just as Edmund come out of the bedroom upstairs ; he be still in he undershort . he reach the top of the stair as matty move back along the hall . the alcove under the stair be in black shadow . matty be focus on it . just as she reach it , the light in the hall snap on . racine be stand under the stair , poise to strike the figure in the hall with a heavy wooden plank about two foot long . matty gasp at the sight , but it be cover by -- WALKER ( at the top of the stair ) Christ , woman , do you ever hear of turn on the light ? racine do not breathe . matty be freeze in the spot , directly in front of racine and five foot below Edmund , who now start down the step . matty Edmund ... wait ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. WALKER ( stop ) what be it ? matty ( whisper up at he ) put on a robe or something . what if Heather wake up and come down . Edmund frown , go back up the stair . WALKER ( grumble ) damn . she 's not go to wake up at 2 o'clock in the morning ... racine and matty lock eye . racine slip back through the alcove door . ext . parking area - WALKER house - day matty watch Heather give Edmund a big goodbye kiss and run off to talk to Betty , the Walker 's housekeeper , who be sweeping the front terrace . Edmund get in the cadillac . matty lean down and kiss he goodbye . WALKER you do not really mind , do you ? ( matty shake she head ) roz will pick she up on Friday . and do not worry , roz will not stay overnight . matty she can do whatever she want . WALKER ( give she a skeptical look ) listen , I do not know if I will be able to come up next weekend . I will know more later . I will call you . he give she a once -over , proprietary look and drive away , honk once to Heather , who wave . heather' stay / racine's week - series of shot A. matty sit on the dock dangle she foot in the water as Heather play in a inner tube . B. racine stand at he office window , stare down at the traffic on Main Street . he wipe the sweat from he brow with he finger . c. at night , matty come upstairs with a highball in she hand . she pause and look across the hall to the half - open door of the guest room . there be just blackness there ; no way to know if Heather be asleep or watch . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. matty go out the hall door to the verandah and sit down with she drink . the wind chime tinkle . D. at night , racine run sweat along the boardwalk , footstep thumping . E. daytime . matty be in a phone booth in a gas station , speak urgently . she hang up . F . in he office , racine hang up , disgruntled . his foot up on he desk , he have be toy with the fedora matty give he . now he sail it across the office at the hook of a coatstand . it hit and bounce off onto the floor . racine get up , walk over and pick it up . he walk away from the coatstand , then turn and float the hat through the air to land on the hook . from he new position , he can see out into the reception area . beverly be work at she desk . racine watch she small movement . beverly look up and see he . G. even . Heather be happily watch television in the enclose side verandah in the Walker house . matty be in a big chair . she watch Heather , not the television . she put a cigarette in she mouth then reach out to strike a wooden match against the rough surface of the porcelain match holder . as it burst into flame , it become -- H. the flame at the end of racine 's match . he be drink alone at a bar and now light another cigarette . ext . front terrace - WALKER house - night matty come out . she 's wear a light , simple shift . she walk over to a small table and begin put some dirty dish and glass on a small tray . suddenly , racine take she into he arm from behind . she gasp in terror ; he turn she to he . he be wear only cut - off blue jean short and he body be wet , glisten . his hair be soaking , slicked straight back . he look different . she see who it be and kiss he deeply . they whisper -- matty my God , you scared I . you should not be here . Heather 's still here . she 's upstairs . racine -- asleep . matty I miss you so badly . but it 's too dangerous . racine she will not wake up now . matty you be all wet . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64. racine I have be out there wait for two hour . heather ( o.s. ) ( sleepy ) aunt matty ? the door from the house squeak open and Heather put one foot onto the porch ; she look only half - awake as she peer into the gloom . racine have turn at the SOUND and for one moment he be sideways to she , he head turn in she direction . Heather 's eye suddenly discern the scene . racine turn away at the same instant that Heather stumble backwards through the door and out of sight . Heather 's footstep patter swiftly away . matty and racine look at each other . int . second floor hall - night matty come up the stair and look toward the guest room . the door be close . int . terrace breakfast area - WALKER house - day Morning . matty sit with coffee and toast at the table . the Walker 's housekeeper move about in the kitchen . Heather come in and take she place opposite matty . she seem perfectly normal . but she do not look matty in the eye . heather good morning , aunt matty . ( to the housekeeper ) hi , Betty . matty watch over she coffee as Heather butter a muffin . heather be there any more of that strawberry stuff ? ext . parking area - WALKER house - day roz kraft , Edmund Walker 's sister , close the passenger door of she station wagon behind Heather . matty stand nearby . roz what do you say ? heather I do . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . matty she do . roz give Heather a look . heather thank you , aunt matty . roz walk around the car and get in . roz thanks , matty . we appreciate it . matty any time , roz . she 's a pleasure . roz smile , wave and pull away . matty watch they go , worried . int . racine's apartment - night the light be out . there 's enough moonlight pour in the open window to see racine sit on the bed in he short , he back propped against some pillow at the headboard . a fan whirs on a table . he light another cigarette and take another drink ; a bottle of bourbon sit on he nightstand . from where he sit , he can see the ocean . there be a knock at the door . racine yeah ? matty ( o.s. ) it be I . racine it 's open . matty come in . she peer into the darkness until she see he . she lock the door and turn to face he . she be dress in a pale silk suit and blouse , very carefully put together . she look as good as she ever have ; she seem to create she own light . matty why have not you answer you phone ? racine you take a chance come here . where 's Edmund ? matty he 's not come up this weekend . why have not you answer ? racine I do not want to talk . I just want to think . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66. matty ( nod ; then , after a moment ) can I get in with you ? racine just stare at she . matty I do not know what Heather will tell roz. maybe nothing . maybe she will be embarrassed or afraid . maybe she will think she imagine the whole thing . racine ( chuckle without humor ) maybe we all do . matty we will know if she do tell . roz will report to Edmund quick enough . it 's exactly what she 's always want . matty disappear for a moment into the shadow . matty I have be think , too . racine and what have you get ? matty emerge from the darkness and sit on the edge of the bed next to racine . she look into he eye . matty I think we should give it up . we have not do anything criminal , yet . racine have be think along the same line . he stub out he cigarette . racine it 's not too late to back out . matty that 's right . I do not think we can do it . racine what do you mean ? matty thing have already start to go wrong . I feel like we get to the edge and look over and , well , it be too much . we will just have to live with that . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. she sit down on the bed . matty I will divorce he . and we will not have he money . part of I want it so bad . I would be lie if I say I do not . but it 's the worst part of I , the weakest part . she lean back against he . matty all that matter be that we be together . racine ( after a moment ) you do not think I can pull it off . matty it 's not you , it 's we . I be sure I will make some mistake . racine that 's not what you really mean , be it , matty ? matty yes it be . racine ( very calm , flat ) no , it be not . you think he 's too much for I . you think I will fuck it up , get we catch . matty turn toward he . matty no , darling . do not talk that way . it 's not true . racine study she face . racine no ? well that 's what I have be think . matty you be wrong . do not think that , ever ! I know you could do it . ( move closer ) but all I care about be you . the money do not matter . racine it do in this world , the one we be live in . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68. matty press she head against he chest . matty why torture ourselves about it ? racine laugh ; he do not know what 's funny . racine when 's he come back ? matty Friday . racine that will be it , then . nothing will stop we . matty be that what you really want ? be you sure ? racine yeah . I be not before , but I be now . racine reach over she , get another cigarette and light it . after he take a deep drag , she take it from he and take a puff too . racine this time you be go to know how to reach I . I do not want any more surprise . slow dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - miami - day racine lock up a rent Ford on a side street and walk back two car to where he stingray be park . as he bend to unlock the stingray , he look around and a pass car catch he attention . racine's Pov , panning with the car as it drive by he . there be only one thing extraordinary about this particular car . the driver , hunch and intent on the road ahead , be a clown , in full costume and makeup . racine watch as the car disappear . for a moment , racine look like a dead man . int . master bathroom - WALKER house - day matty be recline in the soapy water , slowly scrubbing . she hum to herself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . ext . hilton HOTEL - miami - dusk a parking attendant take racine 's stingray , as racine go into the lobby . ext . front terrace - WALKER house - dusk matty be lean against one of the post that flank the porch stair . headlights pass across the front of the house and matty 's body . she smile a welcoming smile to the unseen Edmund . ext . two - lane highway - night a light fog be settling into the dip of the road . now racine 's rent Ford appear out of one such depression and move into a clear stretch . int . racine's rented ford - night racine eye the fog with concern . ext . WALKER house - night the fog be much heavier here . it roll in past the house in thick wave . the only light burn be on the front porch . the wind Chimes tinkle softly . ext . second floor porch - night the wind chime tinkle , nudge by the same breeze that float the fog around they . int . matty' bedroom - night the alarm clock -- 1:50 . again , matty lie on she side , turn away from Edmund , eye wide , watch the clock . again , the bed move suddenly ! matty roll over to look . Edmund be sit up in bed , put on he glass . matty what 's wrong ? Edmund motion for she to be silent . WALKER ( whisper ) I think there 's someone downstairs I hear something . he swing out of bed ; he be in he undershort . matty be you sure ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . again he silence she . he walk silently over to he . closet and disappear inside . matty ( whisper ) should I call the police ? WALKER ( low , from the closet ) will you be quiet ? I be go to nail the bastard . Edmund come out of the closet check the safety on a shiny nickel - plate .38 revolver . matty ( aghast ) Edmund , what 's that ? WALKER will you be quiet ? matty I have never see that . WALKER ( at the bedroom door ) I have get a surprise for this fucker . matty Edmund , be careful ! but he be already out the door , silently . for a moment matty be freeze , then she slide out of bed . int . second floor hall - night Edmund have stop at the top of the stair . he listen for sound from below . he start down the step in the dark . int . stairwell - night Edmund come slowly down the step , he gun point here , then there in he perfectly steady grip . the thrill of the hunt be in Edmund 's eye . the downstairs be thick with ominous shadow . at the bottom of the step , he stop and listen again . he move in two quick step to the entry hall and look into the live room and dining room . he seem to hear something at the rear of the house . he turn and move back along the central hall , very slowly . the alcove under the stair be pitch black . Edmund point he gun at that approach space and stop . he listen . the tinkling of the wind chime rise weirdly , make it hard for he to hear . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . Edmund 's hand reach out to the wall . his finger find the light switch . he flip it . for a second , we be blind by the glare . in the next instant , as we see that the space below the stair be empty , matty scream from the top of the stair -- matty he have a gun ! Edmund think she be warning he . he spin to look . WALKER where ? suddenly , racine burst from the hall closet , the wooden plank raise above he head . he bring it down fast toward Edmund 's head . Edmund react instinctively , raise he arm , the arm that hold the gun , to protect himself . the wooden plank smashes down -- half its force take by Edmund 's forearm , half by he head . the gun blast once . one small window in the front door shatter and the bullet continue into the night . Edmund 's revolver slide across the hall floor into a corner . Edmund be on the floor , blood pour from he scalp . but he be come on like a craze beast . his glass askew , but still on he head , he have grasp racine around the leg . with a powerful lunge , he pull racine 's leg out . racine crash to the hall floor , lose the wooden plank . matty , freeze at the stair railing , cry out . Edmund be pull racine toward he with all he might , crawl up racine 's body as they both slide on the wood floor . Edmund reach out one huge hand , and pull racine even closer . racine put he leave hand into Edmund 's face , he thumb flat against the lens of Edmund 's glass and push he head back . the glass fly away and racine lose he hold . Edmund come on . racine 's right hand grope -- grope -- find the wooden plank . he swing it up . the wooden plank describe a perfect arc into we view , and then out , find its mark with a horrible thud . matty , up the stair , turn away . racine fall back on the floor . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72. ext . trunk of walker' cadillac - night the trunk be open like a giant maw . a sheet of plastic have be spread across the inside . Edmund 's body flop down inside . he have be dress , he shoe and watch put on . racine drop the blooded wooden plank beside the body , then throw a blanket over the corpse and slam the trunk . racine turn to matty who stand , fully dress , shaking in the foggy air . racine the car at the end of the drive . spend the fifteen minute clean up inside , then come . you be gonna have to be careful in this fog . ( he look at she ) be you all right ? she nod . racine Fifteen minute . racine get in the cadillac and pull away . int . cadillac - on deserted backroad - night wipe to : the first stretch of racine 's route to " the breaker " look different in the dense fog . racine have to take it slowly . he consult he watch . a branch from one of the overhange tree loom up abruptly in the windshield , like a grasp arm . racine flinch . ext . neighborhood - night racine drive through the silent neighborhood . the house be invisible in the fog , they presence indicate only by a occasional glow light . suddenly , a police siren pierce the night , follow by the appearance of a flash red light on the street behind the cadillac . int . cadillac - night racine 's eye jump to the rear view mirror and the flash red light grow in it . racine pull over . the police car slow as it reach the cadillac , pull alongside , and then speed on ahead , siren squealing . a light go on in the house in front of which racine have stop . he pull away . ext . four -lane interstate - night the cadillac pull up to the interstate from the side street . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. as on the other night , there be more traffic here . but it be move slowly in the fog . int . cadillac - night racine have to cross two lane of traffic to go south . he peer out through the mist windshield . he start to pull out and a sport car appear from nowhere , do fifty , sit on he horn . racine hit the brake . as soon as it have pass , there be a lull . racine fishtail across the road just ahead of a truck and move south . ext./ int . cadillac - interstate - night the traffic on racine 's side of the interstate have slowed . there 's a accident up ahead . the police car that pass racine be on the scene , but the lone cop be not enough . some pass motorist have pull over to help with the wreck and direct traffic . the fog be aglow with flash red and white light and burn flare . a man signal for racine to stop . the car in the opposite lane be allow to pass through . racine keep he head down . a stocky trucker come out of the glow fog and walk up to the cadillac . he lean down into the driver 's window . stocky trucker hey , man , do you have any flare ? racine uh -- no . I do not think so . stocky trucker ( irritate ) could you check you trunk ? we get kinda of a mess here . racine I do not have they . I tell you . the stocky trucker give he a disgust look and stand up . stocky trucker do not put yourself out . the man in the road ahead signal for racine to pull around into the opposite lane and move on . tracking along beside the cadillac , racine move slowly through the nightmare scene . figure move by carry light and tool . the injured cry out in pain . Three car be meshed in crumpled steel . a clutch of onlooker be outline against the beam of headlight ... racine might as well be drive into Hell . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . ext . bridge over canal - night here be relief . the cadillac move all alone across the bridge . the light penetrate the fog at orderly interval , barely illuminate the bridge . a huge fog horn fill the air from not far way . ext . " the breaker " - delivery driveway - night the desert hotel loom ghostly in the fog . the cadillac , light out , roll silently to a stop in the half - hide delivery driveway . int . " the breaker " - supply area - night racine , carry only a flashlight , have make he way to the supply area he visit before . his beam probe dark corner , respond to random creaking . satisfied that he be alone , he move a wooden crate and reach into the hole in the wall which it hide . he bring out teddy 's incendiary device and place it on the floor in the middle of the room . ext . " the breaker " - delivery driveway - night racine grunt under the weight of Edmund 's corpse , flung over he back . he stumble back toward the hulk hotel . the trunk of the cadillac be close . int . " the breaker " - corridor - supply area - night racine sit down hard . he be stream with sweat under the enormous dead weight . he adjust the plastic sheet so that Edmund 's bloody skull will not contact the wall . racine gather he strength and half - lift , half - drag the body down the corridor , he silhouette that of a twisted , double-head monster . his flashlight glow from ahead at he destination . in the supply area , racine have drop Edmund 's body over some tip shelf . now he lift the heavy ceiling beam he spot earlier . he have to change its angle only two foot in order to let it drop -- now -- on Edmund 's head . racine walk over to the incendiary device . he pull out the lever and straighten up . as he do he look down a connect hallway . he see movement . he snatch up the flashlight and the wooden plank and rush down that hallway . at the end of the hallway , racine slide to a halt , breathe hard . again he see the movement . a horrible , sweaty figure confront he -- there be a break mirror attach to the wall . racine look at himself a long moment and the tension seem to drain away ... someone speak in the shadow ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . racine jump and spin toward the sound , which be only a little more than a moan . his flashlight seek out the source - a ragged bum be stir in he sleep on a bed of newspaper . he wear a old baseball cap . racine look at he a long time , try to decide what to do . he look back in the direction of the supply area . he look at the bum settling again into a deep sleep . he look for one final second at himself in the mirror . ext . " the breaker " - beach - night racine appear at a run from the fog . he have the bum with he , grasp firmly at the neck of the collar and the seat of he pants . racine be force the bum to run along with he . the bum be mightily confuse , not least by the fact that racine have jamme the baseball cap all the way down over he nose -- he can see nothing . racine let go , hurtle he across the sand . racine ( a low growl ) get the hell out of here and do not come back . the bum be sprawle in the sand . the baseball cap have come off . he watch racine 's dark figure recede in the fog . ragged bum ( a whisper ) come on back here and fight like a man ! int . rented ford - side STREET - night matty sit fidget in the front seat , try to peer through the soupy fog . she suck on a unlit cigarette . racine appear at the driver 's window . matty gasp . he be a horrible sight . he get in the driver 's seat . matty thank god . I think -- racine grab she and pull she down out of sight , bend he body low over she . racine shh ! the window be suddenly illuminate by the beam of headlight . they grow brighter and a police patrol car , red light slowly revolve on the top , pass next to the Ford and move off quietly in the fog . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . racine ( whisper ) they be right on time and I be run late . he rise slowly and watch the patrol car disappear . ext . STREET in front of WALKER house - night the Ford stop at front of the drive . int . rented ford - night racine and matty break from a kiss . he move she away from he . racine we will not talk for a long time . she nod . they look at each other . she get out . ext . interstate 95 - series of shot - night the rent Ford speed through the foggy night . int . rented ford - night racine 's face . he know that for the first time in he life , he 's really do it . there 's no turn back . racine do something that he 's go to be do for the rest of he life . he look in the rear view mirror . int . " the breaker " - supply area - night everything be as racine leave it . Edmund 's body lie beneath the beam . it be barely discernible in the gloom . the only bright spot in the room be the incendiary device , its shiny surface catch some errant sliver of light . and then it explode with a harsh shriek . and the light of the magnesium chip be white , blind . the chip be out in all direction to the wait puddle of gasoline . the light go from white to yellow as huge flame engulf the room . the flame roar . we watch they for a few moment and then -- slowly dissolve to : ext . second floor porch - WALKER house - night matty stand in the fog , one arm wrap around a post of the porch . above she the wind chime tinkle . she struggle to hear something else . finally she do hear it and she face relax and she look at peace . listen to soft , distant siren . fade to black : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . fade in : int . racine's office - day the fedora hang on the coatstand . racine work at he desk , read over a long contract . the sun be cut through the venetian blind behind he in glaring strip and , as he lean back in he chair , he find it impossible to read he document . he get up , go to the window and adjust the blind so that he desk go dark in the shade . as it do , the phone ring . beverly answer out in the reception room , she conversation muffle through the slightly crack door . she hit a hold button and yell , as be she informal custom . beverly ned. mile hardin . do you want he ? racine who be he ? beverly she say he 's a lawyer from Miami . racine pick up he phone . racine hello . secretary ( filter ) Mr. ned racine ? racine yes . secretary mile hardin call . the Secretary go off and racine be leave hold . he wait five long beat and seem about to hang up when a Voice come on , very dry and cold . hardin ( filter throughout ) Mr. racine . racine yes . hardin this be mile hardin of Morris and Dale in Miami . racine yes . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78. hardin as you know , we represent Edmund Walker . racine yes . hardin seem to expect more of a response . racine be silent . hardin yes , well , Mrs. Walker have submit the new will you write up there . racine close he eye for a moment . the blood drain out of he face . he put a hand out toward he desk . racine yes ... I see . hardin and frankly , Mr. racine , I think we may have a problem . racine uh-huh . what problem be that ? hardin well , I would rather discuss it in person . in fact I think it might be best if we could all get together down there . that be , if you would not object . racine no no , that would be all right . hardin good . we have a relationship with a firm in West Palm -- shiller , hastings . racine I know of they . hardin I have arrange to have the use of they office . I think we might try to make it tomorrow , say ten o'clock . would that be possible for you ? racine yes , I think so . hardin good . Mrs. Walker tell I she would be back down there by then . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . hardin ( cont 'd ) and I have ask Mrs. kraft , Mr. Walker 's sister , to join we , also . I will see you then . racine right . hardin good-bye . hardin click off . racine hang up slowly . he stare at the phone a long time . he get up , he mind racing . he go to the window and part two of the blind with he finger . the sun make he squint . int . reception area - day racine open the door from he office . racine ( to beverly ) will you get I Mrs. Edmund Walker , please . beverly wrinkle she brow , spin she rolodex . beverly I do not have she . should I ? racine I think the temporary put she in . she come in while you be on vacation . look it up . they be in pinehaven , I think . he close the door to he office . int . racine's office - day racine sit at he desk . the phone buzy . he pick it up . beverly ( filter ) I get no answer at the pinehaven number . racine okay . try again later . int . shiller , hasting law office ( west palm beach ) - day a Secretary lead racine down a hallway of the richly appoint office and usher he into a -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80. large conference room , opulent , with a big skylight . seat around the room be matty , roz kraft , and much to racine 's surprise , he friend Peter lowenstein , matty be dress in chic black , mile hardin come around the big desk to shake racine 's hand . hardin be a impressive guy in a $ 500 suit . he greet racine with icy eye and a cordial look . hardin mile hardin , Mr. racine . racine how be you ? hardin I do not think you know Mrs. kraft . racine ( shake she head ) no. I do not . my condolence . roz thank you . racine come up to matty and take she hand . racine Mrs. Walker , I be very sorry about you husband . matty thank you , Mr. racine . hardin you know Mr. lowenstein . they shake and lowenstein give he a cheerful grin . racine hello , Peter . lowenstein hi , ned . racine shake he hand . hardin motion racine into a chair and move back around the desk . hardin I ask Mr. lowenstein to join we because he 's handle the inquiry into Edmund 's death for the County prosecutor 's office . he and I have discuss this matter and he 's make be possible for we to speak very frankly here today . off the record , so to speak . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. hardin ( cont 'd ) ( to racine ) as I have tell Mrs. Walker , I be more than a little surprised by the existence of this new will . Edmund have not mention anything about it to I . hardin look at racine a beat , but racine have nothing to say . hardin Mrs. Walker explain to I that when she and she husband decide to make some minor change , they just take care of it up here for simplicity 's sake . and , indeed , as you know , the new will be almost identical to the old but for the disposition of a few item . ( to the group in general ) at the risk of oversimplify , the thrust of the will be to divide the estate in almost equal part between Heather kraft and Mrs. Walker . would you agree with that assessment , Mr. racine ? racine nod . hardin mmmm . and you witness the signing by Edmund Walker along with this miss -- ( glance at papers on the desk ) -- Mary Ann Simpson on July twenty - first . apparently , it will be impossible for we to contact miss Simpson . matty Mary Ann be a lifelong friend of mine . she happen to be visit on she way to Europe . I be sure when she return she will get in touch with I . racine ( eyeing hardin ) although it 's certainly not require . the witness to the signing of a will be not commonly available when the will be enter into probate . it 's not standard by any mean . hardin glance at lowenstein , who watch impassively . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. hardin Edmund Walker 's death be not standard . roz ( to hardin ) pardon I . I be sorry . I be confuse . be there some question about the authenticity of the will ? racine would like to kiss roz ; instead he turn with a question look to hardin . racine I be confuse , too . do you have a problem with the witness or the signature ? what be it you be get at ? hardin ( almost wistful ) no , there do not seem to be any problem here . this be Edmund Walker 's last will and testament . I be afraid the problem be elsewhere . he reach into he coat and bring out a gold cigar case . hardin would anyone mind if I smoke ? no one do . in fact , racine , matty and roz all immediately produce they own pack of cigarettes . the effect be comical and everyone in the room laugh at the group reflex . roz notice that lowenstein be not lighting up and offer he one of hers . lowenstein I do not need my own . I will just breathe the air . roz smile and tilt she head to blow a stream of smoke toward the ceiling . we tilt up with it as the white smoke intrude the clear air and -- wipe to : the same space , thick with smoke , and tilt down to the assemble group , all of whom be focus on hardin , except for lowenstein , whose glance dance about the rapt face . hardin everything 's in order up to there . the problem come in the language of the bequest to Heather . it 's a technical matter . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83. hardin ( cont 'd ) in write the will , I be afraid Mr. racine violate what 's know as " the rule against perpetuity . hardin watch racine , who react minutely . hardin it 's a small thing , but it 's the law . it forbid a inheritance to be pass down indefinitely for generation . many general practitioner lawyer do not fully understand it . it do not come up much for they , because will this complex be usually handle by estate department in larger firm . handled by lawyer who specialize in this type of work . matty turn a confuse look to roz who return it sympathetically . hardin note it . hardin I know this be terribly confusing , but if you will bear with I ... I spot the problem right away , but since Edmund 's intent be clear , I think it in everyone 's best interest to try and get the will admit into probate anyway , even though it be technically incorrect . I know that a probate judge in Miami would spot the mistake right away . that 's all they do all day , they be expert . so I think I would bring it up here to okeelanta County -- since Edmund have the residence here -- and see if I could get lucky with a judge who do not know estate law quite so well ... ( dryly , he can not resist ) perhaps find one with the same kind of training as Mr. racine . racine watch he , he mind racing ahead too fast to bother be insulted . lowenstein can not help a small , wince smile . now hardin get to he payoff and there be no amusement in he tone . hardin unfortunately , my plan backfire . I run into a judge who would have other dealing with Mr. racine . a judge costanza . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. hardin ( cont 'd ) in fact , it seem there be problem with a estate in a case four year ago . very different problem , it 's true . but on a will Mr. racine prepare . it be quite a mess . accusation of carelessness , a malpractice suit ... ( to racine ) I think he call it the gourson case ? racine watch he dully , then concentrate on take out a cigarette . roz once again , Mr. hardin , you have lose I . matty yes , what do all this mean ? hardin it mean , I be afraid , that Edmund 's will be invalid . Edmund Walker die interstate , as though there be no will at all . roz look at matty with panicky eye . matty so ... what happen now ? hardin look she over coldly . he do not believe she do not know , hardin you do not know ? matty ( irritate ) no , I do not . hardin perhaps Mr. racine would like to tell you . racine be recover . he give hardin a quick , ugly look , then turn toward matty , and speak quietly . racine in the state of Florida , when a person die without a will , and there be no child and no survive parent , then the spouse inherit everything . it seem to take a long moment for matty to fully digest this . it take not quite as long for roz . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . her face go through several transformation : confusion to disbelief to despair , then on in the direction of outrage . lowenstein 's eye be flash around at the face . he seem genuinely amused . matty my god . you mean ... it 's all mine ? hardin be a unconvince audience . he nod . hardin though that be clearly not you husband 's intention . matty my god . hardin he intend Heather to benefit -- matty ( look between hardin and roz ) of course , of course , I understand . of course . hardin as you can imagine , Mrs. walker give the circumstance of Edmund 's death , none of this be go to happen ... how should I say it ... simply . matty seem still in shook . matty ... of course ... ext . parking lot behind shiller , hasting ( west palm beach ) - day matty , racine , roz , lowenstein and hardin stand talk in a little cluster near the building . they say they good - by with much handshake . matty lay a reassure hand on roz 's arm and kiss she on the cheek . as she break from the crowd , racine walk with she . the other stand talk a little longer . racine take off he jacket in the blaze heat . he be very aware of the little group behind they as he walk with matty to she mercede . when they be out of earshot -- racine you look good in black . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. matty I have miss you so badly . I need you . racine at first I could not figure out when you get ahold of my stationery and stuff . it finally come to I ... Edmund 's signature must have be a snap . and you know I be not gonna challenge mine -- matty please stop . I do not blame you for hat I right now . racine you have really do it , matty . you really have . behind they the group break up , hardin go back into the building and lowenstein walk roz the short distance to she car . matty reach the door of she car and turn to racine . matty will you come to the house tonight ? she take he hand and shake it for show . matty I want you more right now than I ever have . I know how you must feel about I . but please come tonight . racine I hope you have not do we in . matty get into she car . at the far end of the parking lot lowenstein have be watch they as he make he way to he car . now , as he move between two row of car , he execute a few nifty dance step , just like Fred astaire . ext . racine's build - day racine , jacket over he shoulder and briefcase in hand , leave the stingray at the curb and go into the big house of which he apartment be the top floor . int . stairway - racine's build - day racine trudge up the dark step in the heat . as he approach the door to he place , he sense that someone be there . he try the knob and the door swing open slowly , revealing Peter lowenstein , read a book at the bookcase and , loung out on the porch , detective oscar convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. Grace . the three look at each other a beat and then racine come in , int . racine's apartment - day racine get rid of he briefcase and jacket as Grace come in from the porch . racine hi , guy . just come on in , make yourself at home . grace sorry about that . lowenstein not I . the door be unlock , invite illegal entry . it 's behavior like that make oscar 's job so hard . racine sorry , oscar . would you guy a beer ? lowenstein no thanks , I already have one . oscar indicate " no " as racine take one from the refrigerator for himself and begin unbuttone he shirt . grace I have gotta bring my wife up here . she think we house be the hot place in the county . racine it be not great this time of day . there be a pregnant pause as racine take off he shirt and lean against the refrigerator . grace ned , how do you get involved with this matty Walker ? racine ( take a drink ) what do you mean ? grace I mean she 's poison , man . tell I what you know about she old man 's death . racine what read in the paper . he die in the fire . look like arson -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88. lowenstein be arson . racine okay , be arson . you do not know if he be set it and mess up ... or if that 's just what someone want it to look like . grace Nah , he do not set it . somebody offend he . racine his people own the place or something ? grace ( nod ) that 's right . a very rough group of fellow , too . they be argue with the insurance company right now . it 's possible they want to cut old Edmund out . I be sure they be not too break up over he departure . ( grimace ) but this just do not seem like a neat way to handle something like that . lowenstein it 's not they style . they be very smooth . they would rather destroy you than kill you . and they hate publicity . racine take it in , suck on he beer . grace course guy like that make a lot of enemy . coulda be a grudge match from the outside , I suppose . ( he look at racine ) but I , I be kinda interested in the grieve widow . racine look a little skeptical . he think about it as he move to a chair . lowenstein her sister - in- law 's get plenty of idea along that line , too . she could barely contain herself today , I could tell . ( he cackle ) but she want to wait and see how matty treat she on the estate . she do not want to blow it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . grace how would you get involved ? racine ( shrug ) they ask I to be - do the will . I meet with she and Edmund . it be pretty simple . this Mary Ann Simpson witness it with I . Walker do not seem to think it be any big deal . grace that 's it ? racine that 's it . grace what be this Simpson 's story ? racine I do not know ... old friend of theirs , good-look broad . she be just pass through . grace on she way to Europe ? racine shrug , he do not know . grace the passport people can not find any record of that . lowenstein and Grace look at he a long time . grace what do you think ? about the wife ? racine consider a moment . racine I suppose it 's possible . I do not know much about she , except -- ( he grin ) -- what I have see . would not shock I , either way . lowenstein I have get a feel she 's very bad news . take some incredibly intelligent advice and stay away from she . grace he 's right for once . they both get up to leave . racine watch from the chair . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . racine well , I be sorry , guy . I be afraid I can not do that . grace why not ? racine first of all , do you get a look at she ? they do . racine grin . he stand up and come right up to they . racine that would not be quite so meaningful , except that today she start come on to I . and maybe you have not hear but the lady be about to come into a great deal of money . they look at he with some concern . racine the fact be , she 's invite I out to she place tonight . and I be go . and I will keep on go as many night , or day , or weekend , as she will have I . lowenstein ned , that lady may have just kill she husband . racine smile cheerfully and put a reassure arm around lowenstein 's shoulder , lead he to the door . racine Peter , she 's not gonna inherit anything by kill I . lowenstein be out the door now . he look at racine in wonder . he shake he head and go down the step . racine turn , smile , to Grace , but oscar be grim . grace ned , you have mess up before . you will mess up again . that 's you nature . but they have always be small - time . this might not be . she 's trouble , ned . the real thing . big-time , major league trouble . watch yourself . racine reassure he friend with touch and oscar leave . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91. int . WALKER house - entry hall - night matty close the front door behind racine and wrap she arm around he . she kiss he hard and long on the mouth , then start on he neck . he begin to push she away but she cling to he , eat he up . matty I know . I know . I know you would probably like to kill I . I know . but please ... you can hate I ... punish I ... hurt I if you want , but do not talk yet . she take he hand and drag he to the step and lead the way up , she eye on he always . matty please , ned . he let she lead he up the stair . int . matty' bedroom - night they lie in bed . the wind chime tinkle outside . matty ... Mary Ann and I leave wheaton together and go to Chicago . we do not know what we be do . I get in bad trouble with drug . speed . really bad . I do thing ... ( she look up at he ) whatever 's the evilest thing you can think of I now , I do worse thing then . there 's nothing lower than the animal I be then . worse than you can imagine . I think I would die . I pray I would ... and then a man help I . he get I clean . he do not want much in return , either ... he be a lawyer and he put I to work in he office . I learn a lot there . one time I even think I might go to law school . ... that 's where I pick up the business about make a will invalid . that happen to he once . I swear I would never have use that if I would know about you case ... I be afraid to tell you , ned . I know you would not let I do it . I be greedy , like you say . I want we to have it all . she move up over he and look into he face . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. matty I do not blame you for think I be bad . I be . I know it . I would understand if you just cut I off now . if you never trust I again . you would probably be smart . but you must believe one thing . I love you . I love you and need you . I want to be with you forever . she put she head on he chest as racine light a cigarette . racine they already think you be involved . matty I do not care . racine great . matty there 's nothing we can do about it now . in a little while we will either have the money or we will not . it 's out of we hand . racine think about this awhile . he exhales a stream of smoke . matty I fire the housekeeper . we can stay together as long as we want . we be all alone here now . slow , slow dissolve to : int . waiting room - detective bureau - day lowenstein make Heather and roz comfortable in the wait room , then go through the gate partition , nod at the cop clerk on duty , and go into oscar Grace 's office , be - close the door behind he . int . grace's office - day it 's cramped , hot , cluttere . there be one other door out of the office . Grace have he foot up on he desk . he 's nursing a bottle of Coke and look at racine , who stand across the office , lean on a file cabinet and glaring between sentence . racine give lowenstein a ugly look then return he attention to Grace . racine be angry , but in control . racine that 's right . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. racine ( cont 'd ) I have be down there a lot lately . be not that amazing ? Miami . Jesus . I be handle the purchase of some property down there . I will be go back in the future ... if that 's all right , if it 's still legal to go to Miami . there be silence . lowenstein look between they , speak to Grace . lowenstein he be mad . racine nooo . no , I be not mad . why should I be mad just because my friend here , who I have know for year , want to know of my whereabouts on the night of we recent local murder ? lowenstein it 's not so recent anymore . maybe he 's feel some pressure . Grace be pain by all this , but he tone be scolding , defensive . grace you bring this on yourself , man ! I do not run this department , you know . there be people watch this thing . they hear you be out there bang the widow every night ; it tend to call attention to you . so do not give I shit . lowenstein go to oscar 's desk and take a pull from the bottle of Coke . racine that 's my business ! grace this whole damn case be get crazy . lowenstein ( to Grace ) do you tell he about the glass ? Grace , exasperate , indicate that he do not . lowenstein seem Walker always ware glass -- steel - rimmed glass . he be a real fanatic about they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94. racine be still stare at Grace . he barely seem to pay attention . lowenstein but there be none on the scene . coroner say they should have be there . he say that even after the fire the frame should have be sear into he -- well , you do not want to hear the detail . racine so what ? grace so it 's look more and more like he be kill somewhere else and bring there in he own car . you honey , he wife , say he leave the house in the middle of the night drive himself to some mysterious meeting . be that vague enough for you ? racine look , what be this ? what do you want ? be I suppose to be a undercover agent for you guy , or something ? lowenstein interesting choice of phrase . racine how ' bout tonight I ask she ? ' say , do you kill you husband ? my friend be just wonder ... ' lowenstein hey , that 's a idea . ask she where the glass be , where she do it ... anything else I be forget , oscar ? oscar just one thing . lowenstein look at he a long moment . racine watch they . lowenstein oh , yeah ! right , right . you will love this , ned , this latest development . maybe you will be able to work up a little sympathy for we , see why oscar here have a tendency to get carry away . tell he , oscar . this be rich . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . oscar this be from the sister - in-law , the kraft woman . she 's be drive I batty lately . she 's convinced she be not gonna be out into the will . it seem that a couple week before the murder , Walker 's niece stay up there for a while with you friend matty . one night she wax up , go to see she aunt and catch the lady with some guy . the three man look at each other . lowenstein break into laughter . lowenstein do you get it ? in the act or some fuck thing ! grace we have not get all the detail yet . Mrs. kraft be bring the little girl up here today to tell we she story . lowenstein ( to Grace ) oh , they be here . I run into they on the way in . they be wait outside . grace Christ . I be not sure I be up to deal with this scene . there be a long pause . the other two look at racine . grace ( to racine ) listen , you probably do not want to see the kraft woman right now . she 's a little wild . why do not you slip out the back way here ? racine look first at lowenstein , then at Grace . racine be we do here ? grace ( nod , look at he note ) I have get it all here . and , ned , I be sorry I have to ask . racine be neutral . he indicate the front entrance . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . racine I will go out this way . I have have a lot of experience with disgruntled people . ( to lowenstein ) I will be over to stella 's , if you want to have some lunch . lowenstein nod . racine open the door and go out of the office . int . waiting room - detective bureau - day racine walk out of Grace 's office . lowenstein watch he go . Heather be absorb in a magazine and roz be distract with she cigarette . racine could keep on walk , but instead he walk over to roz . she jump when he speak to she . racine hello , Mrs. kraft . she seem confuse about how to act toward he . Heather look up casually . racine shake roz 's hand . roz hello , Mr. racine . racine how be you make out ? roz we be all right , I guess . racine crouch in front of Heather and smile at she . racine you must be Heather . she nod . he shake she hand . racine I be ned racine , Heather . I have hear a lot about you . it 's nice to meet you . Heather nod uncertainly . heather thank you . racine I be sorry we town be so hot for you visit . heather it sure be . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . racine ( smile , stand ) Goodbye . roz Goodbye . racine walk away . Heather watch he go . roz turn to Heather . ext . MAIN STREET - day racine walk down the sidewalk and enter stella 's coffee shop . int . stella's coffee shop - day as racine come in the front door , stella be lean over the counter in a gossipy huddle with a cop and glenda , the meter maid . when stella notice racine , she break off suddenly and move away . the cop and glenda see racine and go back to they food with great deliberateness . racine take all this in and settles at the other end of the counter . stella ( too boisterous ) hi , racine . how you do today ? racine I be fine , stella . I be fine . what 's the latest ? any hot news ? stella nothing much do . what will it be ? racine what 's the special ? stella veal outlet . racine what day would you cook them ? stella they be fresh this month . racine signal for she to bring it on . he swivel around and look out at the Court House . wipe to : later . same shot . lowenstein appear on the sidewalk across the street . he cross over to stella 's and come in . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. he spot racine and come over to the counter with a light dance - walk , break into actual dance only as he pirouettes before landing in the stool beside racine . racine be almost do with he lunch . lowenstein ( to stella ) the usual , my sweet . stella ( o.s. ) two ice teas for Fred astaire . lowenstein look at racine and smile . lowenstein be you ready to hear something wild ? racine I do not know . I may have have my share for the day . lowenstein no , this be right up you alley . stella put the two ice teas in front of lowenstein . lowenstein have to give she a look before she back away . lowenstein lean in confidentially toward racine . lowenstein Little Heather come out onto the back porch , and this dude be out there with she aunt , see ? and he 's turn away with he pants or short or whatever drop , so he 's moon the little girl , right . and he and you friend be go at something which Heather could not quite figure out . lowenstein begin to shake with laughter ; he almost fall off the stool . racine be confuse . lowenstein recover he balance and lower he voice again . there be tear in he eye . lowenstein poor little Heather ! she 's never see one angry before . but it make quite a impression on she . yessirree ! that 's all she can remember . lowenstein start to choke with laughter . he take a drink . racine be smile now , too . racine that 's it ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . lowenstein one other thing . she say the guy 's hair be greasy . he wear it slicked back . " like a Cuban , " she say . I love that ! ( he laugh again ) can you imagine poor Heather ? she hustle back to bed after get a gander at that . and listen to why she get up in the first place , this be the capper . she have a nightmare ! Christ , can you imagine what kind of dream she have the rest of the night ? lowenstein rock with laughter . and racine do too . int . entry hall - WALKER house - day matty have be push roughly across the entry hall . her back hit hard against the wall at the front of the central hall . she rub she wrist where the skin be red and look with frighten eye at racine . racine do not say that . do not say you do not have they . matty I swear to you , I do not . what 's wrong with you ? racine they have to be here when you clean up that night . think about it , think hard . they have probably get my print on they . matty I must have miss they . I be not look for they . I think they be on Edmund . racine so where could they have go ? matty I do not know . ( suddenly , a look ) Betty ! racine the housekeeper ? ( matty nod , think ) where would she have put they ? you have be through he thing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . matty she might have take they . racine think that 's crazy . matty listen to I . that 's why I fire she . after Edmund 's death she start act strange . she be always watch I , listen to my call . racine that 's crazy . you imagine it . I know , I have be imagine thing , too . plenty . matty no , ned , not with she I be not . I could tell there be a difference . maybe she know about we . maybe she want something . racine do not you think we would have hear from she by now ? matty walk over and sit at the bottom of the step . she look up at he . matty I do not know what to think . I be worried . but it 's not about the glass . or you friend . it 's we . racine I be sorry . matty you first reaction be to accuse I . what 's happen to you ? I do not know if we can hold on like this . racine sit next to she . he rub he eye . matty hardin call today . he say everything should be clear up by next week . I will get the money ( a caustic smile ) he apologize for the delay . racine they have be stalling . they be draggin it out , hope they would come up with some way to implicate you . matty turn and lean against he , look into he face , full of love . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101. matty but they have not be able to . soon it will be all ours . that 's why we have get to hold together , ned . it will not be long , then we will get away from here . out from under all this . ( a beat ) all we have be each other . I would kill myself if I think this thing would destroy we . I could not take it . his arm enclose she . int . registration desk - hilton HOTEL - miami - day oscar Grace have be talk to the desk clerk , who now disappear and return with the Hotel manager . int . bookkeeping office - hilton - day oscar and the Hotel manager watch as a data clerk extract a sheet of freshly - print billing information from a computer . he point to a section of the read-out . ext . parking structure - hilton HOTEL - day oscar talk to the parking attendant who handle racine 's stingray . oscar look around the structure . int . corridor - hilton HOTEL - day the door to a hotel room be open in the foreground , but oscar be down the hall look at the door to the stairwell . int . miami police department - detective bureau - day oscar sit across the desk from a plainclothes cop , who be talk on the phone . the plainclothes cop hear what he want on the phone and nod to oscar , tapping a spot on a list that lie before he . oscar get up and look to see where he 's point . ext . hertz rent-a-car office - day oscar can be see inside , talk to the attendant on duty . ext . real estate office - night oscar , totally beat , sit in he car . the Real estate agent we see with racine come up , unctuously ushere two businessman . as he show they inside , oscar approach he , get out he i.d . he and the Real estate agent shake hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102. ext . the moon and the ocean - night it 's the middle of the night . Bright under a full moon . and very quiet . the surf can be hear lapping at the beach . and then we hear humming . ext . the pier - night no sign of life . still the humming ; it 's a Broadway show tune . ext . end of the pier - night lowenstein be there , all alone , silhouett in the moonlight . he use the rail like a ballet bar , return to it each time he finish a small combination of dance step . the move be not extravagant , there be not highkick . just a nice , smooth little combination that lowenstein be repeat , again and again . he hum he own accompaniment . then , softly at first , from the distance , come the thumping of run shoe on old wood . it grow as lowenstein complete another repetition . when the thumping have get close , it slow , then stop raggedly . lowenstein look that way . racine ( o.s. ) ( out of breath ) Peter ? lowenstein hi , ned . racine walk up , drip sweat , already extract he cigarettes from he short . racine what be you do here ? lowenstein I have be look for you . racine yeah ? lowenstein yeah . you always run this late ? racine Nah . I be go to Miami tomorrow . I be not gonna have time . lowenstein what 's in Miami ? racine I be close this real estate deal I have be work on . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. lowenstein nod and turn to lean over the rail . racine offer he a cigarette . lowenstein accept and racine light both of theirs . lowenstein glance at racine 's pack as racine put it away . lowenstein you be some kind of health nut . ( racine smile ) matty Walker smoke that same brand . I notice that . racine be this gonna be one of that conversation ? maybe I should have my lawyer present . lowenstein buddy , you lawyer be present . they look at the ocean . lowenstein you know , that Edmund Walker be a bad guy . the more I find out about he , the happier I be he 's dead . I figure it 's a positive thing for the world . racine you be not know for be a hardliner . lowenstein mmm . I have my own standard . I try to keep they private . ( he look at he cigarette ) as far as I be concerned , I do not care who kill he . and I do not care who get rich because of it . ( shake he head ) but oscar , oscar 's not like that . his whole life be base on do the right thing . he 's the only person I know like that . sometimes it 's a real pain in the ass . even for he . lowenstein glance at racine , but only for a moment . lowenstein oscar 's unhappy right now . he 's in pain . racine why be that ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104. lowenstein because he like you . he like you even better than I do . ( long pause ) that 's why he 's be busting he butt try to locate this Mary Ann Simpson . they finally find she place in Miami yesterday , but the woman herself be go ... look like she leave in a hurry . ( a beat ) oscar think any story she could tell might help you . he think you need help . racine turn around , drape he arm back along the rail and let he head loll , like a tired runner . lowenstein someone 's put you in deep trouble , my friend . from about three thirty to five am on the night Walker be kill , someone call you hotel room repeatedly . the hotel do not want to put they through , but whoever be call convinced they it be a emergency . the phone ring and ring , but you do not answer . racine look at he . lowenstein do not say anything . save it for some other time . it get worse . ( he stamp out he butt ) now someone 's try to give we Edmund 's glass . we do not know who . we do not know what the glass will tell we . but we negotiation be continue . lowenstein step away , toward the street . he look sad . lowenstein I wish I know what to tell you , ned . but I do not have any good idea . he turn and walk away . lowenstein I will see ya . racine watch he go . he take out he pack of cigarettes and extract one . he stare at the pack in he hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . ext . front terrace - WALKER house - night the house be dark . racine try the door a last time . ( he 's still in he sweaty run clothes . ) no good . no one here . racine peer inside one final time . he be look through the new glass in the same little window shot out by Edmund 's gun . the wind chime tinkle loudly . ext . interstate 95 - day racine 's stingray whip south in the morning light . int . racine's car - day racine be shave and shower and wear a tie , but he do not look fresh . his mind be elsewhere . he look off to he leave . Miami sit on the horizon . int . elevator - skyscraper - day the elevator be pack with lawyer . they be head out to lunch . they wear expensive suit . racine be back into a corner . he watch they , as though from a distance . he look different from they . int . lobby - skyscraper - day the lawyer pile out of the elevator . a few carry briefcase . racine finally appear . he too carry a briefcase . he look across the huge lobby at the entrance to a restaurant / bar . int . restaurant / bar - skyscraper - day racine sit at the bar with a drink . once more , he glance diagonally to the end of the bar , at a guy in a three - piece suit . the guy seem to be look at racine whenever he be not watch the front entrance . finally the guy can control himself no longer . he pick up he drink and walk around the bar to the space next to racine . his name be michael glenn and he 's bright , successful and irritate . the two man be on the edge of remember each other . glenn we know each other , do not we ? ( racine smile , uncertain ) I be Michael Glenn . with bashford , hillerman . the smile fade from racine 's face . racine ned racine . it come back to Glenn in a flash . he wish he have not come up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106. glenn Christ , I have do it again . ( embarrassed , indicate the entrance ) I be just meeting some people . racine nod . Glenn look he over , smile ; he 's ingratiate . glenn hey , this be silly . you be not still mad about that gourson business ? ( racine shrug , take a drink ) we have to do it . costanza practically insisted we sue you . listen , nobody at we place like malpractice against other lawyer . racine forget it . Glenn remember something . he smile confidentially . glenn I try to make it up to you . racine look at he blankly . glenn do you ever meet a lady name matty Walker ? you would remember she . a very hot number . racine matty Walker ? glenn ( glance at the entrance ) yeah . I meet she at a party . she say she be go up there and she want to know about lawyer . I give she you name . racine when be this ? glenn ( try to remember ) I do not know ... long time . maybe September . racine stare at he . Glenn see he party at the entrance . he offer he hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . glenn oops , gotta go . racine do you tell she about the gourson case ? glenn ( a slimy grin ) hey , I be try to get you work . he start to move away . racine grab he by he tie and pull he back hard . the people nearby turn in alarm . racine speak very quietly to the startle Glenn . racine do you tell she about gourson ? glenn Jesus , be you nut ? racine twist he grip on Glenn 's tie . Glenn start to choke . glenn maybe I tell she how we meet . yeah , maybe . racine let he go . ext . front of WALKER house - dusk racine 's stingray tear up the drive and squeal to a stop in the parking area . racine look at the house from the car . it look desert as before . he pull the stingray onto the lawn and drive all the way around the house , then out the drive through he own dust . ext . porch - racine's apartment - night racine stare out at the ocean . he light another cigarette and lift a glass of bourbon to he lip . suddenly , he laugh , short and harsh . but the smile fade quickly . int . reception area - racine's office - day racine come in carry he briefcase . beverly look he over critically ; he do not look so good . beverly be there something wrong with you phone ? racine just off the hook . what ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. beverly teddy laursen be in County . he 's very anxious to talk to you . he sound bad . racine nod , turn back to the door . beverly hey , be you all right ? racine stop for a moment and look at she . he smile and go out . int . county jail - visiting room - day teddy laursen sit across the table from racine . teddy , too , look a little rag . nervous . teddy I do not know . it 's a thing in lauderdale . something must have go wrong , but they be not tell I . I be a little worried . racine I will find out . teddy no , no . that 's not why I call you . in fact , I get I another lawyer . racine watch he . teddy I think it would be better . you know schlisgal . racine ( nod , confuse ) he 's good . teddy look around nervously . racine wait . teddy this broad come to I last week . a real looker . she say you tell she how to reach I , I figure you musta , she know all about it . ( racine nod ) she say you want another one . teddy search racine 's face , try to see if the story be true . he 's not surprised that it 's not . teddy yeah , I be afraid of that . but I be a slow thinker . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . teddy ( cont 'd ) ( lower he voice even more ) she have I show she how to rig it to a door , with a little delay . do any of this mean anything to you ? racine look at he blankly . teddy then I be glad I tell you . watch you step . racine thanks , teddy . racine push he chair back . teddy seem tear about say more . he force himself to -- teddy racine ... do not thank I yet . this guy here , they have be ask I about the breaker . ( read racine 's look ) I have not tell them shit . but I do not like the look on they face . racine get up . int . racine's office - day racine listen to the endless ringing on the other end of he call and slowly hang up . the phone ring in the reception room and beverly pick it up , then hit the hold button . beverly ( yell ) ned . it 's Mrs. Walker . do you want she ? racine yeah . ( he pick up ) hello . matty ( filter throughout ) hello , ned . can we talk ? racine swivel in he chair so that he can see beverly in the reception room . beverly be just replace the receiver on the hook and for a moment , she give racine a strange , ambivalent look . racine watch she as she go back to work and speak quietly into the phone . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110. racine okay . where be you ? matty I be in Miami . I have be run around like crazy and I could reach you before I leave . ( a pause ) ned , everything 's go to be all right . racine tell I . matty I have get the money . I have take it and send it somewhere safe . it 's all ours now . ( racine say nothing ) but that 's not the best part . racine what 's the best part ? matty the glass . I get they back . that be , they should be ours by now . Betty have they . she want money . that 's why I have to come down here . she make it all very difficult , but I think it work out . racine do you have they ? matty no . she would not do that . she 's put they in the boathouse . in the top drawer of the dresser in the boathouse . they should be there now , if she 's keep up she end . racine yes . matty I think you would better get they right away . I do not trust she . racine in the boathouse . matty that 's right . the top drawer of the dresser . oh. ned , we be go to be all right . I will leave here as soon ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. matty ( cont 'd ) as I can . I should be there by seven - thirty . I can not wait to see you , darling . we have make it . racine be silent . matty be you all right ? racine yes . matty good-bye , sweetheart . she click off . racine put down the phone and stare at it . int . interrogation room - county jail - day teddy laursen watch as oscar Grace and another detective come into the room . they look grim . grace teddy , this be detective knapp from the Fort lauderdale arson squad . he 's bring some very bad news about that fire . seem there be two people who do not get out . teddy react . it 's the first time for he . grace I know , teddy . it 's not like you . and I be willing to make that clear to anybody who will listen . but you be go to have to help I out on this breaker business . teddy look at he . teddy be hurt . int . racine's car - dusk racine drive . the stingray pass the sign -- " you be enter pinehaven please drive safely " the town look well tend . ext . boat house - WALKER house - day racine come down the lawn . he walk slowly toward the boathouse . his walk be unsteady . racine move around to the front of the boathouse and step onto its wooden porch . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. racine 's focus be on the doorknob of the close door . but he move past it to the window . the curtain have be carefully draw across it ; it be impossible to see beyond they into the boathouse . except ... except for one little slice at the bottom of the window where the curtain be hold apart a fraction of a inch by something . racine crouch down to look through the crack . what racine sees . the curtain be be hold apart this little bit by a wire . a wire which be attach to the window and run tautly back into the gloom of the boathouse . racine shift he head a inch and he can see another wire . it originate from that same spot back in the gloom and run toward the door , although racine , with this limited view , cannot actually see where the wire be attach . but racine be not really try -- racine have rock back on he heel away from the window . he stand up and step away from the boathouse . you might call it a stagger . int . grace's office - police station - night lowenstein be in a chair . Grace be turn away , look out the window at the dark street . they both look deject . after a long silence -- lowenstein stupid . that 's always be the problem . ( a beat ) her mind encompass he . grace I better go get he . ext . rear of WALKER house - night the house loom darkly . racine have pack the stingray in the black shadow of the big tree behind the house , hide it . he start to walk back around the driveway side of the house when something catch he eye at the other end of the house . he walk over there . Close to that far wall , in shadow as deep as the one he have just use be , to racine 's surprise -- matty 's mercede . racine stare at the car . ext . racine's build - night Grace come out of the house and walk to he car , think . int . edmund closet - matty' bedroom - night racine push aside some clothes and reach up to a high shelf . he feel around until he 's get what he want . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113. he pull down the wooden case and open it . Inside be Edmund 's .38 revolver . ext . drawbridge across the canal - night Grace 's car be among a dozen hold up by the raise drawbridge . a sailboat be glide slowly through . Grace be outside he car , lean against it . ext . gazebo -- WALKER house - night Close on racine 's watch -- ten -o-five . the wind chime on the gazebo tinkle . racine sit smoking in the shadow . he take another drink from a glass of liquor . all the light on the lawn , gazebo and boathouse be off . racine hear something and peer toward the driveway . headlights move very slowly up the drive toward the house . it be Edmund 's cadillac , glow in the moonlight . the cadillac stop in front of the house and for several moment nothing happen . then matty get out of the car waterway . she be wear the same white dress she be wear when racine first see she and she be luminous in the moonlight . racine watch from the blackness of the gazebo . silently . matty walk twenty foot past the gazebo and stop when she can make out the boathouse in the gloom . she stare at it a moment then turn back toward the house . racine step to the edge of the gazebo . matty seem startle for only a split second . matty hello , darling . racine hello , matty . matty where 's you car ? racine in the back . with yours . matty why have not you turn on the light ? racine I could see . matty come up the step and put she arm around he . she close she eye as she hug he . they be one figure meld in the gloom . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114. matty it 's all ours now , ned . we could leave tonight if we want . it 's over . racine yes , it be . matty ( voice change ) what 's this --? suddenly she back away from he , down the step , she white dress move back into the bright moonlight from the shadow of the gazebo . she look up at racine . racine it 's Edmund 's gun . you remember it , do not you ? he have it in he hand now . he look it over casually , but the barrel be toward she . matty what be it , ned ? what 's happen ? racine I think you know . matty no . I swear to you , I do not ! racine it 's the glass , matty . matty be not they there ? do not she bring they ? racine I do not see they . matty she promise she would bring they . racine maybe I miss they . the way you miss they that night . matty ned , I do not know what you think , but you be wrong . I have not do anything to hurt you . I love you . you have get to believe I . racine keep talk , matty . experience show I can be convinced of anything . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 115. ext . STREET near WALKER place - night Grace 's car move up the street past the gated drive . ext . back lawn - night racine be at the bottom of the gazebo step now . matty have back away , toward the waterway . matty I do arrange to meet you . but , ned , it all change . you change it . I fall in love with you . I do not plan that ... racine laugh , short and bitterly . racine you never quit , do you ? you just keep on come . matty how can I prove it to you ? what can I say ? racine the glass , matty . why do not you go down there and get they ? matty be silent . she start to speak , but nothing come out . now there be real fear in she eye . matty but you say they be not there . racine I say I do not see they . ext . driveway - WALKER house - night Grace 's car move down the drive . ext . back lawn - night racine have move closer to matty , away from the house . they be only six foot apart . tear be now roll down matty 's cheek . matty I will go , ned . I will go and look for they . she turn and start walk toward the ocean . just as she be about to disappear into the shadow , she turn back to he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 116. matty ned ... no matter what you think , I do love you . at the corner of the house Grace have get out of he car . he start toward the front door , but see racine out on the lawn . he head out in that direction , but stop as racine step into a bright spot of moonlit lawn and the gun 's shiny silverplate glint in the light . the gun be point at the retreate matty . Grace pull he own gun from a shoulder holster and raise it . he be about to call out , when matty disappear completely in the gloom . racine lower the revolver wearily and stare out toward the boathouse . Grace lower he gun and look out there too . he move slowly forward . Close on racine 's face . it 's change now . it 's not just that he 's very tired . the hardness be go out of he look . as the second tick by , and matty do not reappear , he begin to lose faith in he view of the world . he begin to be afraid . afraid for matty . even now . a sudden breeze start the wind chime tinkling loudly . racine no , matty ! stop ! do not go in ! matty . racine break into a run , drop the revolver on the grass . he have take two big stride when -- there be a sound like the roar of a dragon , and the roof of the boathouse lift and then disappear in a huge ball of flame . the air be suck around racine 's body , whipping at he clothes , as he stumble on the lawn and fall forward . Grace steady himself against the side of the gazebo . racine know horror . he struggle to he foot and stumble toward the fire . his body be silhouett against the leaping , roaring flame in the night sky . slow dissolve to : int . racine's cell block - florida state penitentiary - night absolute quiet . we move above cell after cell , dark with sleep convict . we stop at racine 's cell . it be dark like the rest . racine be in there alone . we move down close to he sleep form . he look thin . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 117. suddenly he wake with a start ! his eye snap open wide ; he be totally and instantly awake . he talk to himself , with true amazement . racine she 's alive . int . visitors CENTER - florida state penitentiary - day Grace sit on the other side of the glass from racine . they talk on telephone . Grace 's eye be sad ; they say he think racine be go crazy . racine but what if that be someone else 's body in there ? what if it be already there when I get there -- dead and wait for I . maybe she friend ... Mary Ann . grace her tooth be leave , man . we send they back to Illinois . the identification be positive . that be she , that be matty Tyler Walker . that be she and she 's dead . racine you be not listen to I . what if she 's be use this other girl 's name ? since she meet Walker three year ago , since she first spot he and decide to take he ... one way or another . maybe Walker -- or any of we -- never know she real name . grace why would she want to hide she identity ? racine I do not know . maybe there be something in she past , something so bad she be afraid it would queer it with Walker if he find out -- that he would never marry she . Grace be unreceptive to this . but racine be charge . racine let 's say she 's live as the other girl , this girl from she past . someone whose history she know and could use any way she want . and there 's only one person in the world who know the truth . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 118. racine ( cont 'd ) ( he lean in ) and then just when matty 's get I on the line , when she 's finally go to collect , that one person show up . that girl . find she . and threaten to expose she . so matty start pay she off . maybe she even promise to cut she in on edmund ' money . now she 's get to share it with two people . racine peak , tapping the glass between they as though it be all there for Grace to see . racine but when matty see a way to get rid of both of they at once . a way to solve all she problem and get clear , with no one look for she . at the boathouse . you find two body , I and this girl . two killer dead . case close . oscar be not buy . racine you can not find the money , can you , oscar ? do not that tell you something ? grace it tell I she move it and we can not find it . and that do not mean shit . it could be sittin ' in any bank in the world wait for a dead lady to come for it . racine , calmer now , shake he head " no . " grace do you hear what you be say ? it 's crazy . this matty would have have to be one quick , smart broad . racine confirm Grace 's fear with a look that can only be call half - craze . there 's the glimmer of a rueful smile . racine oscar , do not you understand ? that be she special gift she be relentless . ( much quieter ) matty be the kind of person who could do what be necessary . whatever be necessary . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 119 . this word have no special import to Grace . he look at racine without hope . grace racine , you get to face something . you kill Edmund Walker , man . and you be go down for it . two people be dead . and no matter how you want to figure it , you be not bringin ' either of them back to life . Grace give he a long look , then hang up the phone . he stand up and walk away . racine sit and stare . dissolve to : int . racine's cell block - day racine , bearded now , come to the front of he cell to get he mail . a trustee hand through a book-size manila envelope , which have be neatly open by the prison authority . racine look at the return address and become very intense . he sit on he cot and slide out a book . a letter be clipped to the front . racine scan it quickly and begin look through the book . it be a old high school yearbook . racine 's finger be shaking slightly as they leaf quickly past black and white scene of youthful innocence among the wheaton High School cougar of 1966 . he reach the individual picture of the senior and hi hurry through the o 's and R 's to the T 's . racine 's eye be darting over the page . suddenly they stop . he have find she entry . we see it too -- mary ann tyler Home economics " matty " tri-y 29 39 4 . chorus ambition -- " to Graduate " the picture be not great . the pretty face be a little cheap -look . it be not the matty he know . it be she friend from the back verandah , Mary Ann . racine 's eye dart . he think . then , he flip back a few page . he find what he want -- mary ann simpson English tri- y 2 , 3 , 4 ; chorus 2 , 3 , 4 homecoming princess 3 , 4 ; swimming 2 , 3 ambition -- " to be rich and live in a exotic land . " we be very close on the type of she ambition when we pan up the page to she smile face . her smile be so big , she seem almost to be laugh . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 120. racine 's face . that 's the woman he love . back to she picture . we be move in on it . closer . closer . and then through it -- to she real face , this matty , this Mary Ann , alive and fine in the sun of -- ext . a high patio - a exotic land - day one shot , very close on that lovely face , move around it in a tight half - circle that barely let we glimpse the sun-drenched , foreign town far below and the tropical foliage that surround the patio . for one brief moment , she seem to be cry . but no , it be not a tear . it be a little drop of sweat . she wipe it from she cheek as she turn to a unseen male companion , who have speak to she in Spanish . she wipe she eye and look off at he . companion ( o.s. ) hace calor . matty what ? companion ( o.s. ) it be hot . matty yes . she turn she face to the sun . fade out . the end