B o D y o F E V I D E N C E by Brad mirman ( second draft ) -------------------------------------------------------------- over the black we hear the sound of two people make love . a man' voice moan passionately . fade in : int . bedroom - night andrew marsh lie on he back in bed . he be a frail - look man in he early sixty , with thinning gray hair . on top of he be a much young woman . although she back be to we , we catch flash of she face for a moment as she turn from side to side . we see enough to know that this be a beautiful woman . she move wildly , grind she hip into he , she head arched back , she hand rub lightly over she breast . she reach down , grab he hip and jerk they upwards , force he deeper inside she . they move together -- faster -- and faster . the camera slowly begin to pull back . as it do we see what we be watch be on a television . further back still . we see two uniformed police officer stand before the television watch the act . the camera begin to pan around the room . rain streak down the window of the room -- lightning flash outside . a video camera be set up on a tripod . more plain clothes police , look , dusting , talk . we continue to pan . we can now see it be the same room on the tape . on the bed lie the naked body of andrew marsh , a sheet cover he lower torso . his face be ashen , mouth open , he dull eye look out in a fix stare . the last instant of he life be etched upon a face freeze in pain . ext . residential STREET - night lightning fill the night sky . thunder boom overhead . the wind whip the rain furiously against anything in its path . the camera move slowly along row of beautiful home . at the end be a cul - de-sac . several police car be in the driveway , they red light flashing . a four-door sedan pull into the driveway . JOHN cardenas step out into the rain . he be a handsome Latin in he thirty , with hard , chisele feature and black , slicked - back hair . he do not run through the rain -- he walk . detective reese , a man who look more like a accountant than a homicide detective run out to meet he . 2 cardenas be it marsh ? reese yeah . just a hint of sadness show on Cardenas ' face . it last a instant , then it 's go . reese Sir , do you mind if we get out of the rain ? Cardenas do not move . he ignore the question . cardenas who find he ? reese his Secretary . joanne braslow . cardenas she be here ? reese no . she stop by to pick up some papers . cardenas show I . reese start for the house . Cardenas look up into the night sky . a flash of lightning fill the screen . int . house , bedroom - close on camera - night pull back to reveal a police photographer snap picture of marsh in bed . Cardenas enter follow by reese . he move through the forensic and medical team . anything Cardenas feel about the gruesome sight before he be hide behind a mask of indifference . stand by the bed be assistant district attorney , roger troxell , a short , baby - face man . Cardenas look down at the body , then over at the medical examiner , dr . henry mccurdy , a portly man with windblown cheek and bloodshot eye . cardenas how long ? 3 mccurdy about three hour . cardenas Cause ? mccurdy not sure . I will have everything you need tomorrow . reese take a look at this . reese point to the nightstand drawer and troxell open it . on top of the nightstand be a box of tissue and a bottle of nasal spray . Inside be rope , handcuff and a assortment of sexual aide . troxell this guy be into some kinky shit . Cardenas look at the various sexual device , then walk out of the room . int . hallway - night joanne braslow sit on chair . her eye be tired -- red from cry . she be mid thirty -- attractive , but she look come more from effort than nature -- expensive hair cut -- the right cosmetics . she have a corporate look to she . Cardenas step into the hall and walk over to she . cardenas miss braslow -- I be District Attorney John Cardenas . you arrive at what time tonight ? joanne a little after eleven . cardenas why do you come by ? joanne I have some papers to pick up . cardenas do you know who Mr. marsh be with ? joanne I assume he girlfriend . 4 cardenas her name ? joanne Rebecca lawson . cardenas you would not know she address , would you ? joanne no -- but I can get it for you . cardenas thank you . int . hallway , CITY hall build - day Cardenas walk down the corridor with mccurdy . mccurdy marsh be not alone . we find trace of sperm on the sheet . the toxicology report say there be high level of cocaine in he blood . cardenas what would he die of ? mccurdy the official cause of death be a cardiac arrest . cardenas the official cause ? mccurdy that 's what my report will read . cardenas but there 's more ? they reach a door and stop . mccurdy it 's speculative at this point . marsh have advanced arterial disease . his heart attack be induce by excessive aerobic activity -- in conjunction with the drug . mccurdy enter the room . Cardenas think for a moment , then follow . 5 int . cardenas ' office - day spacious and sparsely furnish . the wall be empty . no commendation , plaque or photograph to add prestige to the office . Cardenas step into the room and look at mccurdy who be already seat next to reese and troxell . cardenas ( to mccurdy ) what be you say , Henry ? that he girlfriend fuck he to death ? mccurdy yes . a trace of a grin show on Cardenas ' face . he walk over to the window and stare outside . reese , troxell and mccurdy wait as he think . a beat . Cardenas turn back to the room . cardenas what can we prove ? mccurdy we know marsh have a head cold . we find cocaine mix with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand . the coke would contract the nasal membrane the same as any decongestant , but for a much short time . he would keep use more and more -- never know what he be take . cardenas any print on the nasal spray ? reese marsh 's and Rebecca lawson 's . troxell what if he do know what be in it ? a lot of user put it in nasal spray bottle so they can use it in public . mccurdy Cocaine be the last thing a man in he condition would want . cardenas can we put Rebecca lawson at the scene ? 6 reese a man across the street from marsh see she drive up about four thirty Sunday afternoon . and she print be all over the place . Cardenas stand and walk to a dart board on the wall . he gather the dart , move back and toss one . troxell marsh 's cardiologist tell I that after marsh be diagnose with heart disease he quit smoking , quit drink and start exercise every day . do that sound like a guy who would start shoveling cocaine up he nose ? cardenas what do he say about miss lawson ? troxell he can remember at least one occasion -- and the receptionist can recall two time when she accompany marsh to the office . Cardenas throw another dart at the board . cardenas so she know about he heart ? troxell have to . I also interview three woman who be in past relationship with marsh . there 's no evidence that he have anything but straight sex prior to meeting miss lawson . cardenas what about the will ? troxell that 's the best part . she get it all -- everything . ext . cemetery - morning Gray cloud hang over head . a light drizzle fall . a group of mourner hold umbrella as they stand around the grave . in the b.g. the PRESS be visible , hold back my private security guard . 7 a woman dress in black stand in the front of the mouner , she face hide behind a hat and veil . raymond sattler , a tall , distinguished - look man in he sixty stand beside she . he support he weight with the aid of a cane . the service conclude . sattler along with several other people offer she they condolence . joanne braslow be there . she do not go over to Rebecca . cardenas and reese stand off to the side by a large oak tree . Cardenas watch and wait . he step forward as sattler lead the woman by . cardenas miss lawson ? the woman stop . her back be to Cardenas . cardenas I be District Attorney , John Cardenas . rebecca lawson remove she hat and veil and slowly turn around . she be in she late twenty . a deep pain fill she face -- control , but evident . her eye be tired -- heavy from cry -- but no tear show now . this be a woman whose grief be private and not display for other . although emotionally drain she be still stunningly beautiful . so beautiful that even Cardenas ' usually cool demeanor can not hide how impressed he be . sattler I do not think that this be the time , or the place . cardenas I just want to introduce myself and inform miss lawson that there will be a inquiry . sattler a inquiry into what ? cardenas for starter I would like to know why she leave the house and do not report the death ? sattler because he be not dead when she leave , and even if he be , not report a natural death in a timely fashion be not a crime . cardenas do I say it be a natural death ? 8 Cardenas and Rebecca lock eye . Rebecca stare at he genuinely shocked by he accusation . Cardenas nod and walk away . in the b.g. we see joanne stare at Rebecca with hostility . int . house , live room - night large and homey . a fire roar in the fireplace . frank dulaney sit on he couch as he go over some paperwork . he be mid - thirty , powerful , self - assure . sharon dulaney enter . she be a attractive woman in she early thirty . she kiss he on the cheek then push he paperwork aside and sit down on he lap . sharon you be on vacation , remember ? you be suppose to be relax . dulaney I be relax . sharon ( push the papers aside ) this be not relax . dulaney ( playfully ) really ? sharon really . dulaney ( play along ) and I suppose you be go to show I how to relax ? sharon if you want I to . dulaney I be always open to learn new thing . she kiss he -- soft , gentle kiss . dulaney put he arm around she and kiss she harder . dulaney I be beginning to see what you mean . why do not we go upstairs and work on the advanced course ? 9 sharon I can not . I have get to finish a counter offer on the bergman property . the moment be pass by . a trace of frustration show on dulaney 's face -- this be obviously not a new occurrence . dulaney can not it wait ? sharon no -- it have to be do by tomorrow . the moment be go . dulaney force a understanding smile . he look towards the door and see he EIGHT year old son , michael . dulaney hey , slugger . ready for bed ? Michael walk over to this parent . michael uh huh . the phone ring . dulaney answer it . dulaney ( into phone ) hello ?... hi Raymond .... what ?... well , I be sort of plan on ... alright ... okay , goodbye . ( hang up ; to Sharon ) that be sattler . he think the d.a. 's go to file on Rebecca lawson . he want I in the office tomorrow morning . sharon we be suppose to go to the lake . dulaney I know . what can I do ? he be the boss . sharon he could let you have you vacation . michael dad -- be it true what they be say about that miss lawson Lady ? 10 dulaney what be they say ? michael the kid at school say she humped Mr. marsh to death . dulaney hey , you know better than that . what do I teach you to say when someone be accuse of do something ? michael she allegedly humped he to death ? dulaney grin . Sharon be fight the temptation to laugh . sharon I swear -- the both of you . ( to dulaney ) some example you set . dulaney ( imitate she ) some example you set . he make a funny face at Michael who laugh and make one back . dulaney grab he and start tickling he . Michael scream with laughter as he try to tickle he back . dulaney then start tickling sharon -- Michael help he . Sharon roar with laughter and fall to the floor . the three of they roll around laughing hysterically . int . sattler' office - morning sattler sit on a couch sip a cup of coffee . dulaney sit across from he . dulaney Andrew marsh be a very wealthy man . a trial like this be go to put Cardenas in the spot-light . sattler we have already get press arrive from over the country and she have not even be charge yet . Cardenas want to see she in he office tomorrow at ten . I would like you to go with she . dulaney I be suppose to be on vacation . 11 sattler I know -- but she want you to represent she if Cardenas file . dulaney why ? sattler because I tell she you be the best criminal attorney we have . dulaney Raymond , I be the only criminal attorney you have . sattler ( jokingly ) well , I guess that make you the best . ( candidly ) look , Frank -- she stand to inherit three million dollar . as executor of the estate and she attorney that could generate a lot of legal fee for we . all I be ask you to do be talk to she . dulaney think about it for a moment . dulaney alright , I will talk to she sattler she 's wait in the conference room . dulaney stand and walk towards the door . sattler ( continue ) you know , I know Andrew marsh for almost twenty year -- or think I do . what do you think would make a man in he condition do the thing he do ? dulaney stop at the door and look back . dulaney I think the question be : what be it about she that make he want to do it ? 12 int . conference room - day Rebecca be seat at the end of the conference table smoking a cigarette . sunlight flow through a window and highlight she hair . she be dress in a fashionable business suit that cling to every curve of she body . dulaney enter the room . when he see she he can not help but stare . Rebecca note he gaze . dulaney miss lawson , I be Frank dulaney . she raise the cigarette to she lip . dulaney notice despite she outward composure she hand be shaking . rebecca ( nervously ) be you go to represent I ? dulaney there be no charge against you . I be here to decide if I be go to represent you should that occur . ( beat ) do you kill he ? Rebecca appear hurt by the question . rebecca you do not waste any time , do you ? dulaney do not answer . he study she -- he eye probing hers . rebecca ( continue ) do you think I do it ? dulaney I do not know . that 's why I be ask you . rebecca you must have some feel . some immediate impression . a young , attractive woman , involved with a older man who leave she everything in he will . and the thing that go on in that house . such wild sex . what kind of picture do that paint ? dulaney not a very good one I be afraid . 13 rebecca and that 's exactly what the jury will see when they look at I . that 's why I need a very good lawyer , Mr. dulaney . dulaney you be assume the District Attorney be go to file charge . Rebecca 's anxiety begin to surface . she feign a weak smile . rebecca he will file . he 's a ambitious man . ambitious man build they career on the body of other . dulaney you still have not answer my question . she take a long drag of she cigarette before answer . she look at dulaney . display emotion be not something that come easily . tear well up in she eye . rebecca ( emotionally ) I love he . a big part of my life have be tear away from I , Mr. dulaney . a part I can never get back -- and on top of that people be say that I be somehow responsible for it . they have take everything that be good and caring about two people in love and make it dirty . a single tear stream down she check . she know what he want to hear she say -- and she resent have to say it . rebecca no -- I do not kill he . int . hallway , d.a. be office - day Cardenas walk down the hall , sip a cup of coffee . troxell walk towards he excitedly . they walk together . troxell I think I be go to make you day . cardenas how ? 14 troxell point to a Office . through the glass partition we can see a man sit at a table . alan paley be a well - groom man in he thirty who make every effort to look good . troxell I have get this guy in my office . Doctor Alan paley . wait until you hear what he have to say . Cardenas and troxell enter the room . Cardenas shake hand with paley and listen with great interest as he start to talk . int . dulaney' bedroom - night dulaney and Sharon be in bed . dulaney read some paper . Sharon finish read she magazine . she put it on the nightstand and look at dulaney . sharon how can Cardenas possibly think he can build a case against two consent adult ? dulaney he must have something or he would not be press so hard . sharon if he file be you go to take the case ? dulaney I do not know yet . I want to hear what she say at she statement tomorrow . sharon what 's she like ? dulaney attractive . Bright . distant . charm when she want to be . dulaney 's description seem to bother she . sharon she sound like quite a woman . dulaney ( joke ) yeah -- but can she cook ? Sharon hit he on the arm playfully . 15 sharon the whole thing give I the creep . I mean -- what if she really humped he to death ? dulaney grin at she choice of word . dulaney humped sharon ( grin ) yes . dulaney I can think of worse way to go -- dulaney roll over , gather she up in he arm . dulaney ( continue ) -- and speak of humping . he reach over to the nightstand and turn off the light . ext . CITY hall build morning as dulaney and Rebecca walk up the step they be engulf by a crowd of reporter . dulaney put he arm around Rebecca and usher she through the crowd . int . cardenas ' office - morning dulaney and Rebecca sit on one side of a table . reese stand . Cardenas sit at he desk . rebecca I do not know that Andrew be dead until Mr. sattler call I at home that night . reese we have a witness who see you go into the house at four thirty . dulaney she 's not deny she be there . reese do you have sex ? 16 rebecca yes . reese what time do you leave ? rebecca six thirty -- and he be very much alive . cardenas miss lawson , do you use cocaine ? rebecca I have . cardenas do you use it the night marsh die ? rebecca no . I have not do it in year . reese do marsh use it ? rebecca no -- never . reese it have to get there somehow . rebecca it do not get there from I . cardenas be you aware of Mr. marsh 's heart condition ? rebecca no . cardenas Mr. marsh 's cardiologist and he nurse have tell we that you accompany Mr. marsh to they office on at least two occasion . rebecca that 's correct -- but Andrew never tell I he have a heart condition . he say he have a heart arrhythmia and it be nothing serious . reese he never mention he heart disease ? 17 dulaney she just say that . reese why do you think he lie to you ? dulaney that 's something only marsh would know . reese I think miss lawson know it too . I think she slip he the coke and he pop he cork give she the high - hard - one . dulaney 's anger show . he stand . dulaney that 's it . my client do not have to take this crap from you . cardenas sit down , Frank . dulaney no. miss lawson come in here voluntarily to answer you question . she do not have to sit here and be insulted . so , either you charge she now or we be leave . a beat . dulaney and Cardenas lock eye . Cardenas shrug he shoulder . cardenas Fine . dulaney motion for Rebecca to get up . she stand and they walk to the door . reese look at Cardenas . Cardenas nod . reese Rebecca lawson , you be under arrest for the murder of Andrew marsh . Rebecca be stunne -- frighten . she look at dulaney in disbelief . dulaney look at Cardenas angrily . reese remove he handcuffs as he move towards Rebecca . reese you have the right to remain silent . if you give up -- 18 cardenas ( to reese ) I do not think the handcuffs will be necessary . you can finish give miss lawson she rights outside . reese grab Rebecca by the arm and lead she to the door . she look back at Frank , she face fill with fear -- she eye welling with tear . rebecca ( frighten ) Frank ! dulaney I will have you out in a few hour . reese usher she through the door . a beat . dulaney and Cardenas be leave alone . Cardenas start fishing through a can of nut , carefully extract the cashews . dulaney continue to stand . dulaney lookin ' to make the papers , John ? cardenas marsh leave she close to three million dollar in he will . that 's motive . she admit to be there the night of he death . that 's opportunity -- and she fingerprint be on the nasal spray bottle . dulaney ( continue ) you can not show intent . Cardenas look at dulaney wryly . he know that dulaney be try to discover he game plan . Cardenas look into he can of nut and fish for another cashew . dulaney ( continue ) can you ? cardenas take you pole out of the water , Frank . the fish be not bite today . dulaney you be bluff . John , it 's I , remember ? I have know you since you name be Juan carlos . Cardenas do not appreciate dulaney mention he real name . 19 dulaney ( continue ) c'mon -- think about it . if she be go to kill marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find ? cardenas she plan this . she want we to find the nasal spray . dulaney why would she want that ? cardenas because she 's clever . because she know that even if we do not find it we would have suspicion as to why a man in marsh 's condition would use cocaine . dulaney suspicion maybe -- but suspicion be not enough for a conviction . cardenas the m.e. 's report state that marsh 's nasal membrane show no sign of prior cocaine use . without the nasal spray we would have still treat it as a poisoning . we would have look for motive and the trail would have still lead back to she . dulaney I do not buy it and neither will a jury . cardenas we be go all the way on this one , Frank . tell you client she have until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five . dulaney I will tell she but she will not take it . cardenas then she 's not as smart as I think she be . you have see she in the deposition . tell I you do not have any doubt ? 20 dulaney she 's innocent . cardenas be not they all ? dulaney yeah . well -- we will let the blindfolded lady with the scale decide that . dulaney get up slowly and leave . int . CITY jail , book counter - afternoon dulaney wait at the counter . a bar door slide open and Rebecca be lead out by a woman jailer . even in this surroundings she maintain she composure . she walk to the counter and wait silently . ext . CITY hall build - afternoon as dulaney and Rebecca leave they be once again encircle by reporter , scream question , ask they to verify Rebecca 's arrest . dulaney plow through the crowd with Rebecca in tow . ext . river - afternoon Gray cloud hang overhead , threaten rain . tall birch tree line the river , the color of they leave hint that autumn be approach . dulaney and Rebecca walk along a jogging path cut along the bank . dulaney I want you to know right now that the trial 's go to be nasty . you sex life be go to be drag through the mud . they be go to say that you entice marsh -- lead he down a dark path . rebecca Andrew hardly need lead . he be a very passionate man . he be eager to explore . I give he what he want . we fulfil each other need . dulaney this be a very small town -- people here have very straight view on sex . 21 rebecca I be use to be on the outside look in . the same man who will publicly profess they moral outrage for my sexual taste be the same one who privately rest they sweaty little hand on my leg and talk about weekend trip together . dulaney that same man will be sit on the jury . rebecca I be who I be . I can not deny it , anymore than you can deny who you be . I like sex different -- I like it wild . that 's not a crime . ( emotional ) I love Andrew . we make love together . we make it differently , but we still make love . it be we way . it be private -- and now the whole world want to look in through the pretense of justice . if I be some middle - age divorcee who screw he once a week do you think this would be happen to I ? she stop walk and stare out over the River . rebecca have you ever see animal make love , Mr. dulaney ? they have such passion -- such savage emotion . they struggle , and snarl , and claw , but neither hurt the other . not really . dulaney no pain , no gain ? rebecca something like that . dulaney we be not animal . as Rebecca speak , dulaney seem captivate . 22 rebecca of course we be . we primal urge be still there -- but we have take sex and intellectualized it , refine it down to its most essential component . it 's bland , easy , mechanical . there 's great passion in the struggle -- such craving in denial . do you know what it 's like to yearn for something ? I be not talk about want , or need . I be talk about a urge so deep that you skin burn and every cell in you body pulse with desire ? dulaney appear move by the passion of she word -- but he 's uncomfortable by it and quickly push it aside . dulaney ( awkwardly ) I think we be get a little off the subject here . rebecca I think the subject be sex ? dulaney as it pertain to you -- not I . ( beat ) do you always know you have different ... taste ? rebecca yes . dulaney how ? rebecca I do not know if it 's something I can explain to you . dulaney why not ? rebecca because -- it 's beyond intellect . it 's emotion . it 's passion . it have to be experience -- it can not be imagine . dulaney try . Rebecca think for a moment . 23 rebecca when I be grow up we have a strawberry patch in we backyard . so do this family down the road . I use to sneak in they yard and steal they strawberry . it be not easy . the stone wall be high and I would scrape my knee as I climb over . on the other side be wild rise bush . the thorns would dig into my leg and cut my thigh as I lower myself down . dulaney if you have what you want at home why do you sneak into they yard ? rebecca because -- somehow the fruit always taste that much sweeter because of the pain it take to get to it . dulaney appear lose in she word . this be not lose on Rebecca . she walk off . dulaney stare after she intrigue . int . dulaney' house , dine room - evening a light rain fall outside . dulaney pick at he food . he stare out the window . he seem oblivious to the conversation between Sharon and Michael . michael Albert 's get the stomach flu . sharon that 's too bad . michael no , it 's not . now I get to pitch . sharon Michael , you should not be happy when someone else be not feel well . michael not even if they be a dork ? sharon not even if they be a dork . you should go by and see how he 's feel . 24 michael no way . Jerry milner stop by and Albert puke right in front of he . Sharon try to suppress a grin . sharon do not use language like that at the dinner table . michael sorry . Sharon look at dulaney . he be still stare out the window , deep in think . int . den - evening dulaney be at he desk , look at photograph of marsh and the bedroom . Sharon enter . sharon Frank -- I know you be busy , but Michael ask I after dinner if you be angry with he . he want to know why you be not talk to he . dulaney I will talk to he later . sharon why do not you talk to he now ? dulaney because I go to trial in seven week . I have get a lot of prepare to do . sharon ( angry ) no one 's ask you not to work . I just think you could make some time for you son . int . michael' bedroom - evening Michael lie on he bed , do he homework . the door open and dulaney enter and sit beside he . dulaney I be sorry if it look like I be not pay attention to you lately . 25 Michael look at dulaney somewhat confuse . dulaney try to explain it another way . dulaney ( continue ) you know how it be sometimes when you be out play ball with you friend ? how you be really concentrate on what you be do -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yell at you ? michael yeah . dulaney well , that 's kind of how I be right now . michael be Mom yell at you too ? dulaney grin . dulaney yeah -- a little . dulaney lean over and hug Michael . dulaney I love you . michael I love you too , dad . int . dulaney' office - morning charlie bigg be a tall , wiry black man . Street - wise , but basically good humor . he be toss a nerf ball through a basketball hoop mount on the wall as dulaney enter . bigg how you doin ' mister D ? dulaney Fine , Charlie . you familiar with the marsh case ? 26 bigg yeah -- I hear they have them a real dog and pony show go on up there - - I will tell you , sometimes white people be a real puzzle to I . I mean , do this old guy really think he be gonna be able to keep up with a sweet little number like that ? dulaney it could have happen to anyone . bigg ( ghetto accent ) I be sorry , man -- but I be not ever hear of no brother die from gettin ' too much pussy . dulaney grin in spite of himself . dulaney we have to find out who else would profit from marsh 's death -- and who know enough about he personal life to know that put cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal . bigg so -- where do we start ? dulaney I want you to hit all the dealer in town . give they a list of people close to marsh and see if any of they use . then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan paley . he life up in roseburg . dulaney 's secretary's voice crackle over the intercom . secretary ( vo ) mister dulaney , I have Rebecca lawson on one . dulaney pick up the phone . dulaney ( on the phone ) hi ... no , I do not ... one o'clock be fine ... alright La brasa ... bye . dulaney hang up . bigg be stare at he with a grin . bigg La brasa ? 27 dulaney ( defensive ) I be take a client to lunch . where should I go , Taco Bell ? bigg toss the ball to dulaney , then raise he hand indicate he be back off . he leave . dulaney shoot from he desk . swoosh ! int . restaurant - day dimly light . Dark wood and leather . dulaney sit at a table with Rebecca . she remove a cigarette and hold it , wait for dulaney to light it . dulaney fumble through he pocket and remove a book of match . he light one . Rebecca do not lean forward to meet he . he must go to she . she look into he eye as she cup she hand over he . a beat . she light the cigarette and take a drag , then arch she neck back and blow a stream of smoke towards the ceiling . she doe not blow out the match or remove her hand from dulaney be . she watch he as it burn down towards he finger . after a long moment she lean in and sensually blow out the match and release he hand . dulaney how would you meet marsh ? rebecca I be at a cocktail party . very trendy . Andrew be in Chicago on business . he have break he wrist the week before and be wear it in a sling . he look so helpless . a foursome a few table away be stare at she . Rebecca see they . dulaney -- and then ? rebecca we start talk . in fact , we talk until four in the morning . we discover we share a lot of the same interest . after that we be together all the time until he leave . he use to call I every night after he come back . then after a few week he invite I to come visit he . I have never leave . dulaney why do not you live together ? 28 rebecca Andrew be worried about how it would look . a couple in a booth be look at Rebecca and whisper . Rebecca and dulaney notice they . rebecca can we get out of here ? dulaney sure . where to ? Rebecca stand up . she do not answer . she just walk off . ext . rebecca' house - afternoon dulaney pull up in he car behind Rebecca 's . they get out . dulaney follow she as she walk to the door . dulaney this be you house . rebecca ( walk towards the door ) I know . dulaney stop . dulaney I do not think this be a good idea . Rebecca stop and turn towards he . rebecca why not ? dulaney because , I be you attorney . I should not be go to you house . rebecca be it against the law ? dulaney no -- it just do not look right . Rebecca stare at he for a moment , then look down the street to she leave and back to she right , then back at dulaney . rebecca no one 's look . 29 she walk to she front door and open it . she enter , leave the door open . dulaney wait for a moment , then follow . int . rebecca' , live room - afternoon dulaney enter . Rebecca be stand in the middle of the room . her back be to dulaney , but she know he be there . dulaney look around the room . he stare at a group of photograph on the wall . on the other wall be a giant television screen . dulaney' Pov - of the wall fill with erotic painting and photograph -- sensual but not vulgar . Rebecca walk over and stand very close to he as he study the artwork . rebecca what do you think ? dulaney I think the photographer 's probably a voyeur . rebecca I be the photographer . dulaney oh -- well , they be different . rebecca that 's not a answer . dulaney it 's not my taste . rebecca ( seductively ) tastes can change . Rebecca look up to the top of a high cabinet . sitting on top of the cabinet be a white persian cat . rebecca there you be . she stand on she tip toe as she reach up . dulaney watch she -- the arch of she back -- the hem of she skirt rise up she leg . she lower the cat down and walk to a chair and sit down . the slit of she dress open revealing she thigh . dulaney 's eye trace along they . Rebecca note he gaze . 30 rebecca what be you think ? dulaney look up quickly . dulaney nothing . rebecca not true . shall I tell you what you be think ? you be wonder if I be wear anything under my skirt . the fact that he do not protest confirm that she be right . she run she finger lightly along she thigh . rebecca I be . dulaney walk to the window and stare out . Rebecca seem amused . she put the cat down and walk over to he . rebecca sorry . I be not try to embarrass you . he slowly turn towards she . dulaney yes you be . dulaney stare at she for a moment , then place he briefcase on the table and open it . int . restaurant - close on strawberries - night a fork dig into a large strawberry . pull back as we follow the strawberry into Sharon 's mouth . dulaney sit across from Sharon . his eye be on the strawberry . his mind be someplace else -- and it be not hard to guess where . sharon -- he say it might be too expensive to add another room . he suggest we might convert the garage into a guest room . he 's go to check with the contractor and let I know . I will let you know how much and we can decide . alright ? 31 dulaney look up slowly . it be not so much that he have hear the question -- it be more that he be aware that Sharon have stop talk . a beat . Sharon be not sure he have hear she . sharon be that alright , Frank ? dulaney yeah -- fine . Excuse I . I will be right back . he stand and leave the table . int . restaurant , hallway - night dulaney walk to a pay phone near the bathroom . he think for a moment , then dial a number . Rebecca answer . rebecca ( vo ) hello ? dulaney hi. it 's Frank . rebecca ( vo ) hi , Frank . dulaney ( awkwardly ) I just want to see if my secretary call to confirm you appointment tomorrow . rebecca ( vo ) yes -- she do . dulaney great . I will see you at the office at nine . rebecca ( vo ) no -- not at the office . I have get a better idea . ext . cabin , klamath lake - afternoon a old wood cabin set on the shore of the lake . dulaney and Rebecca get out of the car and walk towards it . rebecca I figure if we have to talk all day we might as well do it someplace nice . 32 ( look at the cabin ) be not it beautiful ? dulaney yeah . rebecca ( sadly ) Andrew love this old cabin . ( fondly remember ) he always dream about move to tahiti -- live in a hut and become a beach - bum . ( a sad smile ) I could never imagine myself do that -- but somehow when he talk about it , he make it sound so alive - - so wonderful . Soft ocean breeze and beautiful sunset -- leave the world and it 's problem behind . I wish he would have a chance to do it . her mind drift away for a moment , lock on some distant memory . rebecca ( snap out of it ) sorry . dulaney it 's okay . ext . lake , further - dusk dulaney and Rebecca walk along the shore . a soft wind blow through she hair . dulaney tell I about Doctor paley ? rebecca I hardly know he . he want I and he could not have I . dulaney it 's go to be hard to convince a jury that he 's testify against you in a murder trial because you blow he off . rebecca ( confidently ) it will not be that hard . 33 she walk off . ext . cabin - dusk dulaney and Rebecca sit on a old porch swing . rebecca do you always want to be a lawyer ? dulaney no -- I want to be a professional hockey player . rebecca really ? dulaney yeah . rebecca that seem so far away from who you be now . what happen ? dulaney I break my ankle skate . that end that dream . rebecca it 's hard to let go of a dream , be not it ? to let go of what you want ? dulaney stare at she -- she look beautiful in the warm light of the set sun . they eye meet . he start to lean in towards she -- then stop . he get up and walk away . ext . rebecca' house - evening Rebecca 's car pull up in front . dulaney get out . rebecca I be go to put the car away . you can let yourself in . there 's a key under the flower pot . Rebecca drive to the rear of the building . dulaney walk to the door . he lift the flower pot -- remove a key -- open the door and go inside . angle - down the STREET detective reese be park in he car , watch the house . he glance at he watch , then make a note in he note pad . 34 int . rebecca' live room - evening Rebecca walk over to the stereo and turn on the cassette player . the room fill with soft , sexy music . dulaney stand in the middle of the room -- he eye follow she every move . rebecca yes -- it would be nice . dulaney what would ? rebecca you and I -- make love . dulaney be that what you think I be think ? rebecca no -- that 's what I know you be think . before dulaney can start to protest she continue . she slowly walk behind he . dulaney stare straight ahead . rebecca how often do you make love to you wife , Frank ? once a week ? sometimes twice ? there once be passion , be not there ? but now it 's bland , predictable . tell I , when you do it -- do you always think of she ? or do you wonder what it would be like to be with someone else ? someone wild . someone who would force you to lose control . her word strip he thought bare . he be vulnerable . rebecca ( continue ) there 's nothing wrong in admit that you want I , Frank . dulaney you take a lot for grant . dulaney start for the door . Rebecca 's cool exterior fade , give way to she vulnerable side . 35 rebecca please stay , Frank . I do not want to be alone . I do not expect anything from you -- no demand -- no complication . I just need to feel close to someone . dulaney turn back towards she . a beat . he think for a moment , then walk back into the room . Rebecca smile warmly , invitingly . rebecca I will be back in a minute . help yourself to a drink . she disappear down the hall . dulaney stand be he be , wonder what he be do there . he walk over to the bar and pour a scotch . he look down the hall . he Pov - rebecca' bedroom the bedroom door be open . the room be dark -- lit only by the moon . Rebecca slowly pull she sweater off over she head . moonlight wash over she body , silhouetting she . she run she hand lightly over she stomach -- work she way up to she round , full breast . she stop for a moment -- and we sense she know dulaney be watch she . dulaney stare at she -- mesmerize . he know he should turn away , but he cannot control the urge that move he to look . one by one Rebecca unsnap the button of she jeans , revealing she sheer , white panty . she bend forward slightly and slowly peel the jeans down to she ankle -- then step out of they . we can see the desire on dulaney 's face . he look away . the conflict inside he grow . he look back . Rebecca walk into the hall . she be barefoot -- wear a long , slinky dress -- she eye catch dulaney 's . if she be not aware he be watch she before -- she be now . it do not seem to bother she . she move towards he slowly -- she eye invite he . dulaney move towards she . they meet in the middle of the room . she wait -- he move closer -- so close that he can smell she . she crane she neck back , subtly tempting he to bring he lip to hers . the long overcome he . he kiss she lightly -- the kiss linger for a moment , then she grab he forcefully by the hair , arching he head back . she bite he lip . 36 rebecca ( whisper ) my way . dulaney ignore she . he try to kiss she again . she turn she head away . she walk down the hall into the bedroom and close the door . dulaney follow . he try the door -- it 's lock . he start to knock -- stop -- turn and walk back into the live room . he start to leave -- stop . he look at the bedroom door . his passion build -- he hunger for she devour he . he move quickly down the hall -- eye fill with determination . he break the door open with he shoulder . Rebecca be stand in the center of the room -- as if wait for he . he move to she . she can see the fire in he eye . he take she in he arm -- kiss she neck feverishly -- feed he craving for she . rebecca my way . he be lose within she now and do not hear she . she pull he hair , jerk he head back . her eye command he to follow she demand . something in he snap -- a new door open . he push she back onto the dressing cabinet . he kiss she , run he hand up she thigh , hike up she dress . she wrap she leg around he waist . they move along the cabinet -- knock jar and bottle to the floor . he lift she -- carry she to the bed - - lay she down and rip she dress from she body . they passion be unlease . they grope and claw for one another hungrily . she pull he shirt off and bite he on the shoulder . his face tense from the pain , but he moan with pleasure . int . dulaney' bedroom - night Dark . Sharon be asleep . the door open and dulaney enter quietly . he walk towards the bathroom . int . dulaney' bathroom - night dulaney splashes a handful of water across he face . he unbutton he shirt and take it off -- wince as he do . he turn he back to the mirror . several deep fingernail scrape be dig into he back . he look at himself in the mirror . 37 int . hallway , law office - morning dulaney and bigg walk down the hall to a water cooler . bigg pour himself a glass . bigg before you ask there 's nothing new on the coke . dulaney you have get to get I something I can use , Charlie . bigg I be try . sattler walk over with another man . he ignore bigg . sattler Frank -- this be harvey willow from the L.A. Times . he would like to ask you a few question . man it 's a incredible story go on here . ( as if quote a headline ) woman accuse of use sex to kill lover . bigg I will say -- it 's gonna give a whole new meaning to the state nickname . bigg laugh and walk off . sattler glare at he . dulaney smirk . man ( confuse ) what 's the state nickname ? dulaney ( dryly ) the beaver State . ext . residential STREET - day row of new town house line the street . dulaney drive up and walk towards the front door of one of they . he knock . joanne braslow answer . she stare at dulaney innocently . 38 int . joanne's town house - live room - day sparsely decorate . very trendy . High tech furniture and designer light . joanne sit on the couch -- dulaney on one of the chair . there be coffee on the table . joanne I work for Mr. marsh for six year . he be a good man -- until she come along . dulaney what change ? joanne he do . look , I know you can lead a horse to water but you can not make he drink -- but you hold a pail of water in front of a old horse for long enough -- and well ... joanne stop as emotion fill she . her eye well with tear . dulaney you do not really believe what the district attorney be say about miss lawson , do you ? joanne I do not know . it 's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of do that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca . dulaney I take it you do not like miss lawson very much ? joanne I really do not know she that well . we would say hello to each other when I would come to the house , but that be about it . dulaney if you do not know she that well what make you think she 's capable of murder ? joanne Andrew be a kind and gentle man , but he be thirty year older than she . where 's the attraction to sleep with someone like that -- to have the kind of sex they have . 39 dulaney how do you know what kind of sex they have ? joanne I be not lookin ' through the keyhole if that 's what you be think . I would come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew . I would find they little toy all over the place . dulaney do Mr. marsh use drug ? joanne no . dulaney what about miss lawson ? joanne yes -- cocaine . dulaney be shocked by this . dulaney how do you know that ? joanne I be at the house one morning -- I think miss lawson be upstairs with Mr. marsh . when I go into the guest bathroom she be stand in front of the mirror pour this white powder out of a vial . dulaney look like he 's be kick in the stomach . joanne be something wrong . a beat . dulaney look at she slowly . dulaney what ? no -- nothing . thank you for you time . he get up and walk to the door . joanne stand and stare after he with a trace of a grin . int . rebecca' house - day Rebecca open the front door and dulaney barge into the room . 40 dulaney you lie to I ! rebecca what ? dulaney I just leave joanne braslow . she tell I she see you do cocaine at marsh 's house ! rebecca she 's mistaken . dulaney ( yelling ) that 's not good enough , goddamit ! rebecca it be not true . you have to believe I . dulaney no , I do not have to believe you . the jury have to believe you and answer like he 's lie or she 's mistaken be not go to convince they . rebecca I do not use cocaine anymore . if she say she see I do it she 's lie . dulaney why would she lie ? rebecca I do not know , Frank -- but do not you think that 's something we should find out ? dulaney be confuse , struggle to decide if he believe she . int . laundry room , dulaney house - day Sharon be get a load of wash ready . she pick up one of dulaney 's tee shirt and notice several thin stripe of blood near the shoulder . int . dulaney' house , live room - day rain fall . dulaney enter the room to find Michael on the phone . dulaney appear nervous -- anxious . 41 dulaney Michael -- get off the phone . michael why ? dulaney ( impatiently ) because I be expect a call . michael -- but it 's Sunday . dulaney ( snap ) I know what day it be ! get off the phone . michael ( hurt ; into phone ) I gotta go . I will call you later . Michael hang up and leave the room . dulaney stare at the phone -- struggle against himself . he pick it up and dial . rebecca' voice this be Rebecca lawson . I be not in right now . so if you please leave a message -- dulaney slam down the phone . he check he watch . int . bedroom - night dulaney wear another tee shirt as he sleep . Sharon be awake , stare up at the ceiling . a beat . she roll over and carefully lift up dulaney 's tee shirt . she see the scratch on he back . she do not wake he . she just lay there , deep in think . int . hallway , courthouse - morning Rebecca walk down the hall . in the b.g. we see dulaney walk quickly to join she . dulaney I call you all weekend . where be you ? rebecca I go out on the boat . 42 dulaney ( concerned ) alone ? rebecca of course . int . courtroom - morning the gallery be crowded with reporter and spectator . dulaney sit beside Rebecca at the defense table . Cardenas stand before the jury . dulaney and Cardenas be seat at they respective table . Rebecca sit beside dulaney . she be wear a beautiful , well tailore dress . she look beautiful and have surprisingly make no attempt to down - play she look . judge burnham , a confident black man in he fifty sit behind the bench . he be strong - will -- tough but fair . there be a rough edge to he from he childhood on the street . judge burnham this trial by its very nature be explosive . the press be go to have a field day and I will not tolerate any activity in my courtroom that will fuel it . ( to dulaney and Cardenas ) both of you be go to be delving into very personal aspect of people life . I warn you now . when you do so -- if you cannot establish a clear line of relevancy early on in you examination I will stop you . be that clear ? dulaney and Cardenas both nod . judge burnham Mr. Cardenas . Cardenas stand and walk towards the jury . cardenas ( point to Rebecca ) you all can see the defendant , Rebecca lawson . but as this trial proceed you will see that she be not only the defendant -- she be the murder weapon itself . 43 ( stop and think for a moment ) be that possible ? can a person actually be a weapon ? the answer be yes . if I hit you and you die -- I be the cause of you death . but can sex be call a weapon ? yes . and what a deadly weapon Rebecca lawson make of it . the State will prove that miss lawson seduce Andrew marsh -- that she put increase sexual demand on he while she secretly administer cocaine . all the while know that he have a severe heart condition . ( beat ) she be a beautiful woman -- but when this trial be over you will see she no differently than a gun , or a knife or any other instrument use as a weapon . she be a killer . and the worst kind -- one who disguise herself as a loving partner . Cardenas walk back to the prosecution table and sit down . judge burnham Mr. dulaney ? dulaney stand up and approach the jury . dulaney I know what you be think -- and it 's a mistake . you look at miss lawson and you see a beautiful woman who be involved with a older man -- and you think she look like the type . she could have do it . and that 's exactly what the District Attorney want you to think . yes , she be beautiful . so what ? do that make she a killer ? of course not . this case be not about appearance . it 's about fact . ( beat ) as Mr. Cardenas present he case you will see that there be very few fact -- that the bulk of the States evidence be circumstantial . I be confident that by the conclusion of this trial you will not just have a reasonable doubt . you will have no doubt at all -- that Rebecca lawson be innocent of the charge against she . 44 int . courtroom - later - day mccurdy be on the witness stand . Cardenas stand before he . cardenas Doctor mccurdy , what be the cause of death ? mccurdy a massive cardiac arrest . cardenas what be Mr. marsh 's physical condition prior to he death ? mccurdy very poor . he be suffer from severe arterial disease . cardenas be the heart attack the result of natural cause ? mccurdy no . cardenas what induce it ? mccurdy we find a high concentration of cocaine in he blood . cardenas so , Mr. marsh use cocaine ? mccurdy I do not think so . the membrane in he nasal passage do not show any sign of long time usage . cardenas then how do it get into he body ? mccurdy we find a bottle of dristan nasal spray on the nightstand . it be fill with water and cocaine . Mr. marsh have a head cold at the time of he death . I believe he be not aware that he be ingest cocaine . 45 Cardenas hold up a bottle of nasal spray in a plastic bag . he bring it over to mccurdy . cardenas be this the bottle that be find on the nightstand ? mccurdy ( examine it ) yes . cardenas you honor , the State enter this evidence as exhibit A. ( to mccurdy ) be any fingerprint find on the bottle ? mccurdy yes -- that of Mr. marsh and a thumb print of miss lawson 's . cardenas Dr. mccurdy , what would cocaine do to someone in Mr. marsh 's condition ? mccurdy increase he heart rate . cardenas -- and if he be in the midst of make love while under the influence of cocaine ? mccurdy it would be a add stress to he heart . cardenas what would be the effect if someone secretly administer cocaine to Mr. marsh and then induce he to make love ? mccurdy it would be the same as shoot a gun at he . cardenas thank you , Doctor mccurdy . ( to dulaney ) you witness . 46 Rebecca look at dulaney for he opinion of mccurdy 's testimony . dulaney give she a reassure glance before he stand up and approach mccurdy . dulaney can you say with any certainty that Mr. marsh do not ingest the cocaine himself ? mccurdy no -- but it seem highly unlikely that a man in he condition would use cocaine . dulaney that 's you opinion , Doctor -- but I be ask you if there be any scientific test that can tell who actually put the cocaine into the dristan bottle ? mccurdy no . dulaney thank you . int . courtroom - later - day Cardenas stand before doctor trammel , a thin , pasty - face man in he fifty . cardenas Doctor trammel , when do you first diagnose that Mr. marsh have heart disease ? dr . trammel about a year and half ago . cardenas do Mr. marsh change he lifestyle after that ? dr . trammel yes -- he stop smoking and drink and exercise regularly . cardenas he do everything he could to take care of he heart ? dr . trammel yes . 47 cardenas do miss lawson ever accompany Mr. marsh to you office ? dr . trammel yes . cardenas just one last question . what do the sign on you office door say ? dr . trammel Doctor Steven trammel . cardiologist . Cardenas walk back to he seat , signal he examination of the witness be over . dulaney stand . dulaney Dr. trammel , do you ever speak to miss lawson about Mr. marsh 's condition ? dr . trammel no . dulaney do Mr. marsh ever tell you that he have speak to miss lawson about he illness ? dr . trammel no . dulaney do miss lawson ever accompany Mr. marsh inside during he examination ? dr . trammel no . dulaney then you have no way of know what Mr. marsh tell miss lawson be the reason for he visit ? dr . trammel no . no , I do not . int . courtroom - later - day joanne braslow be on the stand . she be wear a smart business suit and large - frame glass . her hair be pull back tight . Cardenas stand before she . 48 cardenas how long be you Mr marsh 's personal secretary ? joanne six year . cardenas do you ever see Mr. marsh use Cocaine ? joanne no -- never . cardenas what about miss lawson ? joanne yes . cardenas tell the court about that , please . joanne I open the bathroom door one day and see miss lawson pour Cocaine out of a vial . cardenas do you see Mr. marsh the day before he death ? joanne yes . cardenas how do he look ? joanne horrible . he be tired and pale . cardenas do you talk about miss lawson ? joanne yes . cardenas what do Mr. marsh say ? 49 joanne he be worried . he say that she be act stranger and stranger . he say that if this keep up she be go to kill he . that he heart could not take it . there be a audible buzz from the crowd . for the first time Rebecca 's confident exterior seem to fade and be replace with genuine concern . cardenas thank you . ( to dulaney ) you witness . Cardenas sit down . dulaney get up slowly and walk towards joanne . dulaney how do you know it be cocaine that miss lawson have in the bathroom ? joanne what other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial ? dulaney do you remember the date when you see miss lawson in the bathroom ? joanne yes -- ( think a moment ) it be on a Friday . I remember because I be go to visit my sister for she birthday . it would be October twenty -eighth . dulaney could you repeat the last part of what Mr. marsh say to you the day before he death ? joanne he say that if it keep up she be go to kill he . that he heart could not take it . dulaney do not Mr. marsh also tell you that miss lawson feel bored here and be think about go back to Chicago for awhile ? 50 joanne yes -- he mention it . dulaney so , the woman he love passionately be think about leave . that must cause tremendous anxiety . sleepless night . incredible stress . joanne I suppose . dulaney so , be not it possible that he be confide in you about the pain he be feel about lose what might be he last chance for love ? that what he really be say be that the uncertainty of she leave be drive he crazy and if it do not stop it be go to kill he . that if she do leave he heart could not take it . the jury wait anxiously for she answer . joanne fidget in he chair as she think . she appear confuse . joanne I do not know . I be not sure . dulaney well , think about it . be not it possible ? joanne ( begrudgingly ) yes . I suppose it 's possible . Cardenas lean back in he seat frustrated . Rebecca breathes a sigh of relief . int . underground parking lot - late afternoon quiet and desolate -- most of the city employee have leave for the day . dulaney walk towards the back of the lot with Rebecca . rebecca you be brilliant today . dulaney it 's only the beginning . 51 rebecca strong ending start with strong beginning . ( grow excitement ) I love the way you twist what people say around -- manipulate they own word against they . they reach Rebecca 's car . dulaney can I see you later ? rebecca you can see I now . Rebecca press against he , raise she knee gently into he groin -- as she kiss he passionately . dulaney be lose in she kiss for a moment , then break it off and look around . Rebecca smile -- take off she shoe and stand on the hood of she car . she take one of the shoe and hit the parking lot overhead light fixture . the bulb break send the area in darkness . dulaney what be you do ? she step down and kiss he again . for a moment he try to resist . rebecca I want you inside I . his desire fill he . he push she back onto the hood of she car , hike up she dress with he hand , as she reach down and unbutton he pants . int . rebecca' bedroom - night the room be dimly light . dulaney be in bed . he appear to be deep in think . Rebecca enter wear a sheer , silk bathrobe and carry a tea service on a tray . he place it on the bed and sit beside he . rebecca something wrong ? dulaney paley could be a problem tomorrow . 52 rebecca I be sure you will be able to handle he . dulaney I be glad you have such confidence in I . rebecca do not worry about paley . he can not touch I . no one can . I have think it all out . dulaney ( sit up ; very concerned ) what do that mean ? you have be think about the case ? or you think everything out before you kill marsh ? the question hurt Rebecca -- it show on she face . she look away from he . a beat . dulaney think . he feel bad for ask such a question . dulaney I be sorry . ( she do not look at he ) Rebecca -- I be sorry . really . he take she hand . she slowly look at he and smile . she point to the tea service . rebecca sugar or honey ? dulaney honey . she lift a plastic bottle of honey and start to pour it into a cup . she stop and smile seductively at dulaney , then part she bathrobe and slowly draw a liquid line with it along she thigh . she reach out -- grab he by the hair and gently pull he forward . he kiss she knee and slowly run he tongue along she thigh , follow the trail upwards . she arch she back -- close she eye -- breathes deeply from the pleasure of he touch . int . dulaney' bedroom - night Dark . the door open -- light from the hall streak into the room . Sharon be asleep . dulaney enter quietly . he watch she . he look over at the nightstand . 53 he Pov a photograph of dulaney and Sharon on vacation . dulaney be carry she on a beach . he be wear a large sombrero . they be both laugh . dulaney look back at Sharon . he be a man lose within himself . he walk to the bathroom . Sharon open she eye and stare at he . int . courtroom - morning Court be in session . Cardenas stand . cardenas the State call Doctor Alan paley . Doctor paley stand and walk towards the witness stand . cardenas and paley - moment later paley have be swear in . Cardenas examine he . cardenas where do you meet miss lawson ? dr . paley at a dinner party -- about eight month ago . cardenas do you ever see she again after that ? dr . paley yes -- several time . cardenas what eventually happen to you relationship with miss lawson ? dr . paley we stop see each other . cardenas why ? dr . paley well -- I realize that she be not interested in I . she be just try to get information out of I . 54 cardenas what kind of information ? dr . paley she say that she be work on a novel and she want to know what kind of drug would be harmful to someone with a bad heart . whisper from the crowd fill the room . cardenas do you suggest any ? dr . paley yes -- insulin and other . cardenas what do she say ? dr . paley she say that that be not any good -- because they use would be detect and the police would know the victim have be poison . she want to know if there be a drug that would induce a heart attack but could also be use to enhance a sexual high . cardenas -- and what do you suggest ? dr . paley Cocaine . more gasp from the crowd . Rebecca 's remain calm , but she eye glare at paley hatefully . cardenas ( to dulaney ) you witness . Cardenas sit down . dulaney approach paley with a smile . dulaney Dr. paley , where be you the last time you see miss lawson ? dr . paley we have dinner at a restaurant . 55 dulaney be not it true that later that night you try to force yourself on miss lawson in the parking lot ? dr . paley no. dulaney you do not grab she and try to kiss she ? dr . paley no. dulaney if necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customer who witness the occurrence . paley think for a moment . he be nervous . dr . paley well -- as I remember it , we have a argument . dulaney and the argument be about the fact that you want to be romantically involved and she do not . dr . paley ( hesitantly ) yes . dulaney and after that do not you continuously harass miss lawson ? dr . paley no. dulaney walk back to he desk and remove a tape player from a cardboard box . dulaney you honor , this be a tape from miss lawson 's answer machine . I would like to play it now . cardenas objection . you honor , we do not know where this tape be from . who make it -- or under what circumstance it be make . 56 dulaney take out two piece of paper and approach the bench . dulaney this be report from two independent audio lab . they each state that the voice be record over the phone and that no alteration have be make . judge burnham study the paper . judge burnham I will allow it . dulaney walk back to he desk and press the play button . we hear a beep , then ... dr . paley' voice Rebecca -- I know you be there , godammit . answer the phone , you bitch ! you can not treat I like this ! we hear a phone slam down . another beep . dr . paley' voice you want to play game with I ? who the fuck do you think you be ? okay - - we will play . you will be sorry . dulaney stop the machine . he take a dramatic pause , let the word on the tape sink in . Cardenas be dismay and try to hide he frustration . dulaney approach paley who be now very nervous . dulaney ( quote ) you will be sorry ? dr . paley I be angry . dulaney you be still angry , be not you ? be not it true that you whole story be nothing more than a vindictive attempt on you behalf to get back at miss lawson ? dr . paley no -- she ask I about cocaine . dulaney I suggest it never happen . 57 dr . paley ( angrily ) you can suggest anything you want . it happen . dulaney no further question . Dr. paley 's temper explode . he be a loose cannon . dr . paley I may have be infatuated with she - - but I would not perjure myself . dulaney that 's all Dr. paley . int . rebecca' bedroom - evening rain fall , streaking along the bedroom window . candle light the room . dulaney and Rebecca be on the bed . she sit on top of he , writhe back and forth -- lose in the rhythm of they love make . close on dulaney - later he be asleep , lay on he back -- the sheet pull up to he waist . lightning flash outside -- a clap of thunder follow . he stir and wake up . he Pov another flash of lightning illuminate Rebecca , who be stand over he in a sexy silk robe . dulaney start to sit up but something restrain he . he be handcuffed to the brass head board . dulaney what the ... what be you do ? she sit next to he -- look at he fondly -- gently stroke he face with she hand . dulaney ( nervously ) Rebecca -- take this off . rebecca tonight we open new door . 58 she slowly drag the tip of she finger up he stomach -- to he chest . dulaney follow it with he eye . Rebecca pick up a large candle on the nightstand and move it slowly -- back and forth over he chest . dulaney what be you go you do ? rebecca be you scared ? he do not answer . he do not have to . she can see the fear in he eye . she tilt the candle -- a stream of wax pour out on he chest . dulaney wince with pain , he body arching on the bed , he hand strain against he restraint . she smile -- a wick smile , then pour more wax , make a thin trail of little bead that move down he chest towards he stomach . dulaney 's face cringe . he stare at she through eye fill with fear . rebecca ( whisper ) I love you , Frank . I love you strength -- be strong for I now . she continue to pour the wax in little bead , fill he navel and work she way towards he groin . dulaney ( plead ) Rebecca -- please . no more . Rebecca stare at he warmly -- fondly . rebecca I tell you in the beginning that it be my way . my way can be many thing -- pleasure or pain . she lift a bottle of white vinegar and hold it over he burn . he tense as she pour it on he chest . -- then relax when he realize it 's water . he breathes a sigh of relief . rebecca you see how life be , Frank ? we judge thing . we look at thing from the outside and assume we know what 's on the inside . she take a sip from the bottle . 59 rebecca Water . but you assume it be vinegar -- because you be only look at the outside . her meaning be not lose on dulaney . she watch he -- as if study he -- then slowly -- very slowly , she pull on the belt of she robe . the robe part revealing the beauty of she body . she gently lower herself on top of he -- press she breast against he . dulaney 's breathe quicken in excitement . Rebecca move she head to he chest -- kissing he burn softly while she finger caress lightly over he stomach . she gradually move she head down -- lower -- and lower . close on dulaney he stare at the ceiling -- he mind a maze of confusion . soon the power of she touch fill he -- overpower he . his eye close . the pain that only moment ago fill he body be replace with pleasure . int . dulaney' house - night it 's late . dulaney enter quietly and head for the stair . a light come on . Sharon be sit on the couch wait . sharon late night ? her voice startles dulaney . dulaney yeah -- what be you do up ? sharon we have to talk . dulaney what 's wrong ? sharon that 's what I be hope you would tell I . dulaney enter the live room . dulaney Sharon , it 's late . can we get to the point ? sharon where have you be ? 60 dulaney work . Charlie and I be go over some statement . sharon Charlie call at eleven thirty look for you . ( beat ) you be with she , be not you ? dulaney yes . sharon why do you lie to I ? dulaney because I know you would think exactly what you be think . Sharon spring off the couch . sharon this be not a courtroom . do not try to turn this around on I . dulaney I be not . sharon you be sleep with she , be not you ? dulaney no . sharon it 's bad enough that you be . it 's even worse that you can stand here and lie to I . she start to walk out of the room . dulaney grab she by the arm . dulaney Sharon ... she swing around and slap he across the face , then stare at he angrily , she eye fill with tear . sharon you bastard ! do you think I be some kind of idiot ? that I do not have fuckin ' eye . I see . I feel . I hurt . 61 she walk out of the room , leave dulaney alone with he thought . int . courtroom - day ester crawford be on the stand . she be a black woman in she thirty -- thin and tired - look , although we get the impression she once be pretty . she be dress in what be obviously she Sunday dress . Cardenas question she . cardenas Mrs. Crawford , you be Mr. marsh 's may for nine year ? ester yes . cardenas do miss lawson and Mr. marsh ever argue ? ester like cat and dog . cardenas what do they argue about ? ester you name it -- they argue about it . Mr. marsh try he best to keep she happy -- but it seem that no matter what he do it be never enough for she . cardenas do they argue the day before he die ? ester well -- he die on a Sunday and I have the weekend off -- but they be rip at each other with both barrel Friday afternoon . cardenas what be the nature of the argument ? ester sex . cardenas could you be more specific ? 62 ester she be call Mr. marsh a old man -- make discourteous insinuation about he sexual ability . she say that she have need and that if he could not fulfill they she would find someone who could . dulaney jot down a note . Cardenas continue . cardenas do you ever see Mr. marsh use cocaine ? ester no -- never . cardenas ( to dulaney ) you witness . Cardenas sit down . dulaney approach ester with a smile . dulaney do you go to college , Mrs. Crawford ? ester no . dulaney High school ? ester no . cardenas you honor , I fail to see what Mrs Crawford 's educational background have to do with this case . dulaney I be just about to make my point , you honor . judge burnham do it quickly , Mr. dulaney . dulaney ( read from note pad ) " discourteous insinuation about he sexual ability . " who tell you to say that ? 63 ester do not answer , but she eye drift past dulaney and focus on troxell . dulaney follow she stare . dulaney do Mr. troxell help you with that phrase ? troxell and Cardenas squirm a little . ester I hear he say it . dulaney then -- that be not you own word ? ester no . dulaney what else do the District Attorney 's Office tell you to say ? cardenas objection , you honor . the fact that Mrs. Crawford hear Mr. troxell reconstruct she sentence and decide to rephrase she word in a more intelligent manner for the court do not mean the incident never happen . dulaney ( to Cardenas ) I be just curious to see if Mr. troxell reconstruct anything else . cardenas you honor -- please ! judge burnham I will see both of you in my chamber . right now . int . judge burnham's chamber - moment later judge burnham light a cigarette and sit on the edge of he desk . dulaney and Cardenas stand before he . 64 judge burnham Mr. dulaney , before you cast aspersion on the District Attorney 's Office by suggest they have coax this witness to say thing that be not true -- you better have more than a hunch . do you ? dulaney no , you honor . judge burnham maybe you do not know what it 's like where Mrs. Crawford come from -- but I do . I come from a neighborhood just like hers . this be a whole other world for she . she 's a poor work woman who have be thrust into a room full of highly educate and mostly unsympathetic people . so , she put on she best dress , fix she hair and try to present herself as intelligently as possible . ( beat ) be poor and have pride be not a crime , Mr. dulaney -- and before you attempt to impeach another witness ' testimony in my courtroom -- you foundation better be base on something other than semantics . ext . courthouse - afternoon dulaney walk down the step . Cardenas join he . cardenas I be surprised you can walk after the way burnham chew you ass out this afternoon . Cardenas grin . his comment be mean as a friendly jab between old friend . dulaney do not see it that way . dulaney ( coldly ) I have get work to do . cardenas hey -- the bell 's sound . it 's between round . dulaney I do not hear it . 65 cardenas what 's happen to you , Frank ? you be act like you be on trial here . this have become personal to you . dulaney back off , John . Cardenas study he for a moment . cardenas you be sleep with she , be not you ? dulaney force a laugh . it 's not a very convincing one . dulaney that 's ridiculous . cardenas I be talk to you as a friend now . do not ruin you life , you career for she . she will spit you out when this be over . dulaney you do not know what you be talk about . cardenas really ? what do a attorney speak to he client about at she house until three o'clock in the morning ? dulaney you have be follow I ? cardenas her . it 's a obvious move . I be building a case against she , remember ? something in dulaney snap . he grab Cardenas and push he up against the wall . Cardenas push back . cardenas if you head be not up you ass you would have think of it too . you be lose perspective . get out while you can -- before she take you down with she . 66 int . hallway - afternoon dulaney walk towards he office . bigg walk quickly down the hall and join he . bigg I have be wait for you to get back . dulaney you get something on the coke ? bigg no -- but I get something . bigg step into dulaney 's office . dulaney follow . int . dulaney' office - morning bigg pick up a remote control off the desk and sit on the couch . dulaney sit at he desk . bigg during lunch I be watch some of marsh 's home video . bigg click the control . on the tv we see Rebecca on top of marsh in the bedroom . bigg he be really into recording this stuff . the d.a. 's office find a box full of tape . watch Rebecca with marsh bother dulaney . bigg this girl have really get some move , huh ? dulaney stand up and turn off the television . dulaney if you want to get you kick go to a video store and rent a porno movie . bigg study dulaney for a moment . dulaney 's reaction bother he . he turn the tv back on and fast forward the tape . the screen turn to snow where the tape have be record over . bigg this tape be record over a exist recording . 67 dulaney over what ? bigg raise a hand signal patience . snow still fill the tv screen . bigg I would have miss it -- but the phone ring and I let it play while I talk . it look like blank tape -- but it be not . it 's be erase without any input signal come in . dulaney so , what good be it to we if it 's be erase ? bigg it 's very good -- because when the d.a 's office see it they assume it be the end of the tape , otherwise they would have bury it . dulaney why ? bigg because it have not all be erase . bigg look at the screen . a beat . the snow dissolves and a picture fade in . the picture last only about five second . we see Rebecca from the back as she straddle marsh , grind up and down on the bed -- she hair flow down she back . marsh raise he hand . his wrist be in a cast . she turn she head to the side and as she do we see that it be not Rebecca -- but joanne braslow . the tape click off . dulaney stare at the blank screen . dulaney ( quote joanne ) where 's the attraction to sleep with someone like that . ext . parking lot - dusk joanne braslow walk to she BMW 325i . she be about to open the door when dulaney approach she . dulaney I need to speak with you . 68 joanne I do not think we have anything more to talk about , Mr. dulaney . she start to get in the car . dulaney you be sleep with marsh . she stop -- appear shocked that he know this . there be now a different quality to she -- a edge . joanne who tell you that ? dulaney he video tape you . joanne that bastard ! dulaney I think he be a kind , gentle man ? joanne do not appreciate dulaney throw she word back in she face . joanne yes , I sleep with he but that be a long time ago . dulaney you be lie . marsh be wear a cast on the tape . it be right before he go to Chicago and meet miss lawson . he dumped you for she , do not he ? joanne can not hold back the emotion that be building . joanne yes . dulaney it must have be horrible . have to go there -- see they together - - know he be sleep with she in the same bed he do with you . joanne I be jealous . of course I be hurt . he switch I off like a little toy he be finish play with . but I do not kill he . 69 dulaney study she . joanne ( continue ) I be a practical woman Mr. dulaney . killing Andrew be not in my best interest . as it be I be out of a job and I be not in he will . dulaney money be not the only reason people commit murder , miss braslow . dulaney walk off . joanne stare after he . her face be cold , show no sign of emotion . int . courtroom - day dulaney sit beside Rebecca , but he seem distant . Cardenas stand up . cardenas the State call jeffery roston . as soon as she hear the name Rebecca 's face become tense , nervous . dulaney notice it . he check a list . dulaney you honor , I do not see a Mr. roston list as a prosecution witness . cardenas the State 's investigation just uncover Mr. roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago . judge burnham motion for dulaney and Cardenas to approach the bench . cardenas you honor , Mr. roston be a ex-lover of miss lawson 's . judge burnham why do not the State 's investigation uncover Mr. roston earlier ? cardenas he be away on a extend vacation and just return two day ago . judge burnham alright -- I be go to allow he testimony . 70 dulaney but you honor -- judge burnham that 's it , Mr. dulaney . take a seat . dulaney walk back to he chair . Rebecca appear genuinely nervous . int . courtroom - later Cardenas stand before roston a handsome man with salt and pepper hair in he late fifty . cardenas Mr. roston , what be you relationship with miss lawson ? roston we be lover . cardenas how long be you together ? roston for about one year . cardenas how would you describe you sex life with miss lawson ? roston intense . cardenas I know this be a very personal subject , but could you be a little more specific ? roston it be wild . she be constantly try to get I more and more work up -- kinky thing . I try to satisfy she the best I could , but it be difficult in my condition . cardenas what kind of condition be you refer to ? roston I have a bad heart . 71 there be a audible gasp from the crowd . Cardenas wait , give the jury plenty of time to digest the implication of roston 's last statement . dulaney look at Rebecca dumbfounded . he try to control he surprise from the eye of the jury , but he can not . he stare ahead with a blank expression as he listen to the rest of the testimony . cardenas what happen next ? roston I have bypass surgery . cardenas and how be you now ? roston Fine . the doctor say if I keep take care of myself I can live to be a very old man . cardenas how do you relationship with miss lawson progress after the surgery ? roston it do not . cardenas why not ? roston she leave I . dulaney slowly turn and look at Rebecca . the anger and he sense of betrayal show on he face . cardenas why do she say she be leave ? roston she do not . she just leave . cardenas why do you think she leave you ? roston well -- I think that after the operation she realize that ... it take dulaney a few second to object to the question . he be clearly preoccupy with the implication of roston 's testimony . 72 dulaney objection . the question call for a conclusion on the part of the witness . cardenas you honor , Mr. roston live with the defendant for many month . I feel that he opinion be valid in substantiate the character of the miss lawson . dulaney the opinion of a scorn lover be hardly a objective view . judge burnham objection sustained . cardenas do miss lawson ever give you any indication why she be leave ? dulaney objection . the witness have already state that miss lawson leave without a explanation . judge burnham Mr. Cardenas , I suggest you move on to another line of question . cardenas when you say you sexual relation with miss lawson be intense what exactly do you mean ? roston it be like she be try to push I as far as she could . she call it open new door . cardenas can you give the court a example ? roston it be like sex be a game to she . she get off on the control . she always use to tell I it have to be she way . this strike a chord with dulaney . 73 roston ( continue ) it 's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she be . cardenas what would she do that make it hard to resist ? roston she 's a woman who be very much aware of she own sexuality . sometimes I feel she could read my mind . it be uncanny how she know exactly what I want . a few night before my heart surgery Rebecca wake I . she have handcuff I to the bed . there be a few snicker from the crowd . dulaney be think about the familiarity of roston 's testimony . judge burnham bang he gavel . the crowd become silent . roston she tell I that tonight we be go to open new door . I ask she to stop -- to take off the handcuffs , but she would not listen . cardenas what do she say ? roston be clearly uncomfortable have to relate this part of he life . cardenas Mr. roston I know this be difficult for you , but it 's important you tell the court what she do . roston she say she be go to fuck I like I have never be fuck before . more noise from the crowd . judge burnham be annoyed . he bang he gavel again . judge burnham due to the sensitive nature of this witness ' testimony and the inability of the spectator to allow he to complete it , I be clear the courtroom . sound of protest fill the room as the bailiff start to usher out the crowd . 74 int . courtroom later the gallery be empty . only dulaney , Rebecca , Cardenas , troxell , roston , judge burnham , the jury and Court official remain . cardenas what do she do next , Mr. roston ? roston she start touch herself and tell I how much she want I . she reach down and put I inside she . my doctor have warn I about exerting myself -- but you really do not think of that thing at a moment like that . you just think about how beautiful this woman be -- how much you want she . how deeply you want to please she . ( beat ) at first it start off slowly -- but the rhythm build and build . every time I get close to a orgasm she would stop . eventually I start to have trouble breathe . Rebecca just keep go -- faster and faster . no matter what I say she would not stop . I really think for a moment I be go to die . cardenas if you know it be bad for you why do you do it ? roston I could not help myself . you get lose inside a woman like she . it be like a drug . it be the best sex I ever have . cardenas what happen after that ? roston I wake up the next morning and she be go . cardenas do you change you will while you be with miss lawson ? 75 roston yes . cardenas who be you primary beneficiary ? roston she be . cardenas thank you . the State rest . judge burnham mister dulaney ? dulaney be stunne -- deep in think . he do not appear to hear the question . judge burnham mister dulaney ? dulaney look at the jury . what he see be not good . he think for a moment . he lean over and quickly speak with Rebecca . we can not hear they -- but they conversation be heat . Rebecca say something . dulaney look at roston . a beat . dulaney stand . dulaney Mr. roston , you say it be the best sex you ever have . be that the best sex with a woman , or a man ? Cardenas bolt from he seat . cardenas objection ! dulaney I will rephrase the question . Mr. roston be not it true you be bisexual ? cardenas objection ! Mr. roston 's sexual preference be not at issue in this trial . dulaney you honor , I be try to establish the sense of betrayal miss lawson feel when she discover the man she live with be a different person than she think he be . judge burnham think for a moment . 76 judge burnham the witness will answer the question . dulaney Mr. roston ? roston yes . dulaney and you sexual taste be something that you hide from miss lawson ? roston yes . dulaney and do not miss lawson come home one day and find you in bed with you male lover ? roston yes . dulaney and she leave shortly after that ? a pause . roston think , struggle to make a decision . roston no . we work thing out . it be three week later when I tell she about the heart surgery that she leave . roston look around the court room . he be embarrassed , fill with emotion . dulaney would it be fair to say that when she do find out it be a shock to she ? roston ( very upset ) yes . dulaney no further question . roston look at the jury -- they disapprove stare . he be on the verge of tear . 77 int . rebecca' house - late afternoon Rebecca open the door . a tired -look dulaney enter . they walk to the couch together in silence . dulaney sit . Rebecca lift a bottle of champagne out of a ice bucket . dulaney what 's that for ? rebecca to celebrate how masterfully you destroy roston today . dulaney Rebecca -- we shattered a man 's life in open court . rebecca ( suddenly ice cold ) fuck he ! he try to shatter mine . dulaney he be only do what he think be right . rebecca you be too weak , Frank . when you want something you have to do what - ever it take to get it . if something get in you way you remove it . dulaney stare at she . the person he see have no feeling -- no empathy for anyone . dulaney you kill he -- do not you ? rebecca I know you be think that . I could see it in you eye today in the courtroom . you be wrong , Frank . I need you to believe that . dulaney you do not need anybody . rebecca I do need you . no matter what you think of I -- I do not do it . 78 ( beat ) I could see the look on the juror 's face . to the man I represent what they can never have . I be a cold , heartless bitch -- and this be they chance for pay - back for every woman that 's ever blow they off in a bar . to the old woman I be a vulgar whore and to the young one I remind they of what they will never be . it do not matter to they that I be innocent . they have already convict I . dulaney I be drop the case . rebecca ( matter of factly ) no -- you be not . Rebecca pick up a remote control from the coffee table and push a button . close on television a tape of dulaney make love to Rebecca fill the screen . it be wild , passionate . close on dulaney he be dumbfounded as he watch . the implication of what this tape could do to he run through he mind . something in dulaney snap . he grab Rebecca . they struggle , fall down onto the coffee table . the champagne bottle crash to the floor . Rebecca roll off the table to the floor . she sit up and move away from dulaney by push herself backwards . dulaney lunge at she . his hand grab she ankle . Rebecca kick -- break free -- stand up . dulaney get to he foot -- run after she . he grab she by the throat and smashes she into the wall . he slap she across the face . a thin stream of blood flow from the corner of she mouth . she smile . rebecca it get easier , do not it ? once you open the door it never close . dulaney realize what he be do . he stare at she in horror , then walk towards the door . he stop . go back to the vhs machine . he push the eject button on the vcr , remove the tape and destroy it . 79 rebecca I have get another copy . how do you think you wife would feel if she see this -- not to mention you colleague ? dulaney 's temper be near the break point again , he strain to control himself . rebecca you can think whatever you want , Frank -- but I do not kill Andrew , and I be not go to prison for something I do not do . dulaney you be a monster . rebecca no -- I be a survivor . int . dulaney' house , dinning room - night dulaney , Sharon and Michael sit at the table eat dinner . there be a tense silence . although Michael do not know what be go on he can sense the tension . the doorbell ring . dulaney I will get it . int . live room - night dulaney answer the front door and bigg rush in excited . bigg I be sorry to barge in -- but I figure after that bombshell that get laid on you today you could use some good news ? dulaney you get something on the Coke ? bigg grin . bigg do I ? I talk to one of the dealer I put the word out to . he 's be follow the trial pretty closely . he say at one time he want to be a lawyer before he become a dealer . 80 dulaney Charlie -- be you go to make a point soon ? bigg right now . guess who 's be buy Coke from he for the last five and half year ? dulaney shrug he shoulder indicate he do not have a clue . bigg marsh 's secretary -- joanne braslow . confusion fill dulaney 's face . int . courtroom - morning Court be in session . Rebecca look around the courtroom , try to get a feel of the crowd be opinion . dulaney be not there . she look at the door anxiously . the room wait . a beat . dulaney enter -- sit beside Rebecca -- but act as if she be not there . int . courtroom - later dulaney stand at the witness stand in front of a oriental man in he thirty . dulaney Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice ? dr . wong Oriental medicine . dulaney -- and be miss lawson a patient of yours ? dr . wong yes . I have be see she for over a year . dulaney why do she come to you ? dr . wong she suffer from severe menstrual cramp . 81 dulaney do you ever prescribe any medication for she cramp ? dr . wong yes . dulaney what do you prescribe for she ? dr . wong chinese peony root . dulaney would you describe for the court what chinese peony root look like ? dr . wong it 's a white powder that come in a vial . there be a moan from the crowd . Cardenas look at troxell . dulaney how do you instruct you patient to take it ? dr . wong I tell they to pour a amount the size of a quarter into the they hand and mix it with water . dulaney a previous witness state that she see miss lawson pour a white powder into she hand on October twenty -eighth . accord to you record when do you prescribe the drug ? Dr. Wong check he record . dr . wong October twenty - seventh . dulaney one last question , Doctor . if someone do not know better , would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine ? dr . wong yes -- quite easy . 82 dulaney ( to Cardenas ) you witness . Cardenas realize there be nothing to gain by examine this witness . cardenas no question . judge burnham you may call you next witness . dulaney the defense call miss Margaret seller . Cardenas look worried as he watch a attractive woman in she mid twenty approach the stand . dulaney and miss seller miss seller appear a little nervous . dulaney smile warmly . dulaney miss seller , do you know Dr. Alan paley ? miss seller yes . dulaney where do you meet he ? miss seller I be a nurse . I use to work at roseburg Memorial Hospital . Dr. paley 's on staff there . dulaney what be the nature of you relationship with Dr. paley . miss seller we date for about a month last year . dulaney then what happen ? miss seller I realize he be not serious . he be see other woman -- ask other nurse at the hospital out , so I end it . 83 dulaney -- and what do Dr. paley do after you stop see he ? miss seller he use to call I -- tell I that I could not just walk out on he . he say that if I do not come back he would make my life miserable . dulaney do he make you life miserable ? miss seller yes -- he do . dulaney how ? Cardenas stand again . cardenas objection ! May I remind Mr. dulaney that the person on trial here be miss lawson -- not Dr. paley . dulaney you honor , I be try to establish a pattern in Dr. paley 's behavior with woman . judge burnham objection overrule . the witness will answer the question . miss seller he would call I in the middle of the night . show up at my house and bang on the door . finally after two week I go to he office one day to tell he to stop . dulaney what do he say ? miss seller he laugh -- and basically say he would decide when it be over . dulaney do you remember he exact word ? 84 miss seller yes . he say , " if you want to play game , we will play -- and you will be sorry . " another buzz from the crowd . Cardenas inwardly cringe . dulaney what happen next ? miss seller while I be see Dr. paley I mention to he one night that someone be steal drug from the third floor dispensary . Three day after I speak to he in he office he go to the head nurse and tell she he have witness I steal drug . dulaney what happen ? miss seller there be a inquiry . it be he word against mine . they believe he . I be fire . int . dulaney' office - dusk dulaney be at he desk . bigg enter excited . bigg joanne braslow be get more and more interesting . I follow she today to a attorney 's office . Joseph koehler . dulaney Joe koehler . I know he . he 's a estate attorney -- and he 's very expensive . bigg what would joanne braslow need with a estate attorney ? she be not even mention in marsh 's will . dulaney think for a moment . he grin as a idea enter he mind . dulaney not this will . 85 int . file room - evening dulaney and bigg sit at a table go through a stack of papers . dulaney trace he finger along a piece of paper . dulaney here it be ! accord to the old will joanne braslow be to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollar . bigg what good do that do -- it 's the old will ? dulaney under the law a person cannot profit from they own wrong do . since Rebecca lawson be the sole beneficiary of the new will , if she be find guilty the will be void and joanne braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstate . bigg she kill the old man and make it look like miss lawson do it . pretty slick . int . dulaney' house , bathroom - evening dulaney be wash up for dinner . he speak to Sharon who be in the bedroom . dulaney I be think that when the trial be over we would all go ski for a weekend . sharon maybe it would be a good idea if you just take Michael . Sharon leave the room . dulaney reach for he toothbrush -- pick up a tube of tooth paste . it be empty . he stare at the empty tube . dulaney ( to himself ) drug store . int . courtroom - morning 86 dulaney look wear , tired -- the tension between he and Rebecca show . judge burnham Mr. dulaney , be you ready to call you next witness ? dulaney do not seem to hear he . judge burnham Mr. dulaney , be you with we ? dulaney snap out of it . dulaney yes , you honor . the defense recall joanne braslow . as joanne walk towards the stand dulaney look over at Rebecca . it 's as if he be try to make up he mind about she . joanne take she seat . judge burnham miss braslow , I would like to remind you that you be still under oath . dulaney how often do you use cocaine ? Cardenas shoot out of he seat . cardenas objection , you honor . judge burnham ( impatiently ) counsel approach the bench . dulaney and Cardenas walk over to the bench . judge burnham Mr. dulaney , I be get tired of see you this close to I . judge burnham look at Cardenas indicate he will hear he argument now . cardenas whether or not miss braslow use drug be not a issue here . 87 dulaney you honor -- the prosecution have introduce cocaine as one of the contribute reason Mr. marsh die . how it may have be introduce into the household be of vital importance . judge burnham be you able to back up this allegation -- or be you fishing ? dulaney I can back it up . judge burnham you better . ( to joanne ) please answer the question . joanne I have try it . dulaney you have try it ? be not it true that you have be in and out of rehab center for the last four year ? this be clearly embarrassing for she . joanne I have be to a few -- yes . dulaney you do not like miss lawson much do you ? joanne ( hesitantly ) no. dulaney you do not like she because you be involved with Mr. marsh before she come along . be not that true ? joanne yes . dulaney you resent the fact that she tell you what to do in Mr. marsh 's house ? joanne yes . 88 dulaney move the question along , quicken they pace , building a rhythm . dulaney and you resent that he care for she in a way he once care for you ? joanne ( break down ) yes . dulaney -- and that Mr. marsh pay less attention to you ? joanne yes . dulaney -- and that he change he will ? joanne yes . she have blurt out the answer before the full implication of the question have dawn on she . her face reveal she mistake . Cardenas can only watch uncomfortably from he seat . dulaney in he previous will Mr. marsh leave you two hundred and fifty thousand dollar -- then he cut you out . why do you think he do that ? joanne she talk he into it . she want everything . dulaney two hundred and fifty thousand dollar be a lot of money . that must have make you pretty angry ? joanne yes . dulaney pick up a small piece of paper and walk towards joanne . dulaney you testify that you return to Mr. marsh 's house at eleven o'clock the night of he murder . be that correct ? 89 joanne yes . dulaney well - I be a little confuse . ( hold up the paper ) this be a charge receipt from rosen 's drug store where Mr. marsh have a account . it 's date the day of the murder . ( hand it to she ) be this you signature ? joanne ( nervously study it ) yes . dulaney there 's a item you pick up that 's mark . will you read it ? joanne dristan nasal spray . dulaney would you read for we the time of the purchase ? joanne Three fifteen . dulaney a.m -- or p.m.? joanne p.m. dulaney you see that 's what bother I . no other bottle of nasal spray be find in the house . the police look . there be only the one bottle . but you say you do not arrive until after Mr. marsh be dead -- yet we know he be use the nasal spray prior to he death . how do you think it get there ? joanne I do not know . 90 dulaney be not it true that you stop by the house after you leave the drug store and drop off the item you buy ? joanne ( nervously ) no. dulaney be not it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle ? joanne no ! why would I want to kill he ? dulaney because you be jealous . because he cut you out of the will . because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca lawson be find guilty the new will be void -- and there 's a very good chance the old one would be honore . silence fill the room . member of the jury look at Rebecca , they be confuse -- doubt fill they mind . dulaney the defense rest . int . dulaney' den - evening Dark . dulaney be stand by the window , watch the rain fall outside . Sharon enter . sharon we can not go on like this , Frank . dulaney continue to stare out the window . dulaney I know . sharon talk to I . he shake he no . sharon please -- this be rip we apart . 91 dulaney ( emotionally ) I can not talk about it now . she sense he pain and move to he , wrapping she arm around he shoulder . sharon do not shut I out . let I in . he turn and face she . she can see the pain on he face . dulaney you would not like what you would see . you do not know I anymore . I do not know I anymore . sharon we can not pretend this be not happen . dulaney please -- not now . sharon why do not you come to I ? dulaney I do not know . sharon you use to like to touch I -- to make love to I . dulaney it 's more involved than that . sharon it be a place to start . dulaney you think that 's the answer ? sex ? be that what you want ? you want I to make love to you ? sharon I do not want we life ruin because of this . I love you , Frank . I want this to work -- but you have to help I . you have to come back from where ever it be you be . 92 dulaney 's confusion and emotion begin to surface . she kiss he , softly , gently . dulaney close he eye . he kiss she harder - and harder . his passion build -- he anger grow . he run he arm over he desk , brush everything to the floor . he grab she and firmly push she down on the desk . he kiss she forcefully , he lip press hard against hers . she struggle against he . his hand tear at she blouse . it be rough , angry sex and it frighten Sharon . sharon ( scream ) Frank -- stop it ! stop it ! dulaney be this what you want -- huh ? be it ? she be cry now -- struggle futilely against he . sharon let I go ! godammit , Frank let go ! michael ( os ) ( rack with fear ) daddy -- stop it ! dulaney stop and look . Michael be stand in the doorway , he face fill with fear and incomprehension . tear streak down he face . dulaney freeze as the full power of he action overwhelm he . his face flood with anguish as he try to grasp the total effect of he behavior . dulaney ( softly ) oh -- Jesus . fill with pain and embarrassment dulaney run from the room . ext . band shell , park - night rain fall in sheet . dulaney sit inside the small structure , huddle against one of the pillar . he be a tragic figure , desperately try to claw he way back to the world he once know . 93 ext . dulaney' house - later - night rain continue to fall . dulaney be stand across the street , stare at the house . he cross over and be half way to the door when he stop . he start to leave . the front door open and Sharon step out onto the porch . sharon Frank ? he turn around slowly . he can not bring himself to look at she . she walk out into the rain . he lift he head . tear flow down he face and he cry . when she begin to cry with he he break down . dulaney ( ashamed ) I be sorry . God -- I be so sorry . he slowly drop to he knee -- hold on to she as if she be a strong tree in a wind-storm . dulaney help I . please -- help I . int . courtroom - day dulaney sit beside Rebecca . there be tension between they . he do not look at she . judge burnham Mr. dulaney . dulaney stand and walk over to the jury . dulaney the prosecution 's case be build on theory -- speculation . could Rebecca lawson have do this ? be it possible that she do that ? where be the fact ? the evidence . the State have present two spurn lover and a jealous secretary . hardly what I would call impartial witness . where be one shred of conclusive , irrefutable evidence ? I do not see it -- and I do not think you do either . do you know why ? because there be not any . 94 ( beat ) what 's the issue here ? that Rebecca lawson like wild sex ? no. but the District Attorney be try to make you think if Rebecca lawson could stray from the path of normal , accept sexual behavior , then she could be capable of murder . do she force Andrew marsh to make love to she ? do she hold a gun to he head ? no. Andrew marsh want she -- and why would not he ? she 's beautiful , allure -- the type of woman man dream about . as dulaney continue we sense he be apply he close argument to himself . dulaney it 's human nature . we want what we want -- when we want it . we do not think about the consequence of we action . when desire fill we we all do thing that we know be bad for we . we live for the moment . ( beat ) here be a exciting young woman who unlock door . Doors that lead into a new world . a world he enter willingly -- eagerly . he want to please she -- and so , he do not tell she of he illness . I know it might be difficult for you to understand want something so badly that you be willing to risk everything -- but that 's what passion do to you . it 's a fire -- uncontrollable . it consume you -- and the only thing you can do be let it burn . Andrew marsh let it burn . it be he life - - he choice -- and maybe he mistake -- but make love be not a crime . ( beat ) we all have fire inside we -- secret desire . we guard they -- hold they in the cage that we have build . when someone come along and open the gate , they rush out and feed blindly on they pleasure . Rebecca lawson love Andrew marsh . she do not kill he -- if anything do , it be he own passion . 95 dulaney walk back to he table and sit down . Rebecca look at he warmly . dulaney do not look at she . Cardenas stand to address the jury . cardenas it 's true -- we all have fire burn inside we . Rebecca lawson be very aware of the fire burn inside Andrew marsh -- and she stoke that flame -- fan they until they burn so hot that reason and judgement leave he . be make love a crime ? of course not -- but the question be not as simple as that . Rebecca lawson use she seductive quality to entice Andrew marsh . she use sex as a catalyst and cocaine as the terminus . the combination of the two provide the conclusion of a premeditate act . ( beat ) she ask Dr. paley about cocaine . her fingerprint be find on the nasal spray bottle that contain the cocaine -- and she be the sole beneficiary of Andrew marsh 's will . she plan it from beginning to end . she know about he heart . she secretly administer cocaine , then use wild and physically demand sex to induce a heart attack . ( beat ) make love be a act of passion between two people to affirm they vow of love . this be not a act of love -- this be a act of greed . this be betrayal . Rebecca lawson kill Andrew marsh -- and I be count on you to punish she for that crime . int . waiting room , courthouse - day dulaney sit on one side of the room -- Rebecca on the other . the room be quiet -- tense . a man enter and nod to he . dulaney ( to man ) they be back already ? it 's only be three hour . 96 int . courtroom - day dulaney sit beside Rebecca . in the row behind they be sattler and bigg . the jury enter . they face betray nothing . one by one they file into they seat . Cardenas sit with troxell -- both of they watch anxiously . judge burnham lady and gentleman of the jury , have you reach a verdict ? the jury foreman stand . jury foreman we have , you honor . the bailiff walk over and take the verdict slip from the foreman , then walk over to judge burnham and hand it to he . judge burnham read the decision . he hand it back to the bailiff who take it to the court clerk . on rebecca she wait nervously for the Court clerk to read the verdict . on cardenas he tap he pen against the desk anxiously . on the court clerk he open the verdict slip and look at it . he stand slowly . court clerk the jury find the defendant -- not guilty . relief flood Rebecca 's face . dulaney show no emotion . sattler and bigg shake hand , then lean forward to congratulate dulaney . Rebecca turn to dulaney to hug he -- before she can , dulaney have pick up he briefcase and be leave the courtroom . int . underground parking lot - afternoon dulaney walk towards he car with bigg . there be no sense of victory or elation . bigg what be you gonna do now ? 97 dulaney take some time off . bigg you think the d.a. 's gonna file on joanne ? dulaney I do not know . dulaney reach he car . dulaney you do a good job , Charlie . bigg thanks , mister D. bigg walk away . dulaney take out he key , open the door to he car . he be about to get in when he sense someone behind he . he turn around . joanne step out from behind a pillar . she stare at dulaney hatefully . her hand be inside she purse . joanne that bastard should have leave I something . I work for he for six year -- and he go and give it all to she . dulaney look around the parking lot . he be alone . joanne be obviously very high on something . her mind seem to wander , she eye drift . joanne you take what people say and make it ugly . you make other believe what you want they to . she should have be find guilty . she should not have get off . dulaney then you would have get you money ? joanne yes . dulaney you kill he -- do not you , joanne ? 98 joanne do you think if I do I would be stupid enough to tell you ? dulaney look she hand fidget in she purse . dulaney what do you have in you purse ? joanne what do you think I have get ? a gun ? maybe I be gonna kill you too . maybe I will blow you head off right now . her hand start to come out of the purse . suddenly , bigg appear , rush she from behind a pillar . he grab she hand and push she against a car . he pull she hand from the purse . she be hold a piece of paper . joanne ( cry ) I be gonna go to jail . I know they be gonna make it look like I do it . they gotta put it on someone . dulaney why would you come here ? joanne ( hold up the letter ) to show you this . it 's a letter from that lawyer , koehler . he write it to I the day after I see he . he 's the one who tell I I could get the money if miss lawson go to jail . dulaney you do not know about it before that ? joanne no . dulaney be suddenly very confuse . dulaney then why do you go see Mr. koehler in the first place ? joanne because he call I . dulaney be stunne . he look at bigg with a know stare . 99 ext . house - evening it be raining lightly . dulaney wait at the door of a nice two story home . it be answer by a heavy - set man in he fifty , joseph koehler . dulaney hi , Joe . koehler Frank -- what be you do here ? dulaney I need to ask you a question . what make you get in touch with joanne braslow ? koehler you know I can not talk about that . dulaney I be not ask for name or specifics . I just want to know what prompt you to make the call ? koehler sorry . koehler start to close the door , dulaney stick he foot inside , block it . his face be fill with determination . koehler see it . dulaney please -- I need you help . koehler think for a moment . he can sense dulaney 's need . koehler all I can tell you be I be contact by a interested party on miss braslow 's behalf . int . dulaney' car - night dulaney stare through the windshield , strain to see the road through the heavy rain . his car phone ring . dulaney hello ? rebecca ( vo ) Frank -- it 's Rebecca . I need to see you right away . I have get the tape . 100 a calmness spread over he face . dulaney I will be right there . ext . rebecca' house - night rain fall . lightning fill the sky . dulaney drive up -- find a parking spot down the street -- get out of he car and run to the door . as he knock as loud clap on thunder boom overhead . dulaney wait impatiently . he lift the flower pot , remove the key and open the door . int . den - night the dim glow of a desk lamp be the only source of light . dulaney move through the room slowly . dulaney Rebecca ? two champagne bottle be on the floor by the couch . dulaney look on the coffee table . he Pov - coffee table a vial be open and on its side . a razor blade and straw lay next to it . a pile of white powder have be dumped out . several line of cocaine have be draw . dulaney start to move towards the live room . he be almost at the door when the big screen television turn on . we see the tape of dulaney and Rebecca make love . rebecca ( os ) be this what you be look for , Frank ? dulaney turn around to find Rebecca stand behind he , a remote control in she hand . dulaney ( distant ) you kill he . you kill he -- and I get you off . rebecca that 's crazy . 101 dulaney be it ? joanne braslow be perfect , be not she ? you know we would see she on the tape and find out about she coke problem . after that , the digging should have be easy -- but we miss the will . you know we be follow she , so you call koehler and have he contact she . that put we right back on track . all we need then be to prove that she have a opportunity . the drug store take care of that . she drop off the stuff and you come back and kill he . do not you ? she shrug she shoulder . his frustration clearly amuse she . she grin slightly , almost taunting he . dulaney I want the tape . dulaney start into the live room . rebecca I have be think about that . I have decide to give it to you after I have collect the inheritance . you can take that one if you want -- but there 's another copy . dulaney that be not the deal . rebecca ( provoking he ) so , sue I . ( as cold as ice ) thing have change . I think you should go home -- and after you leave I see no reason for we to ever have contact again . dulaney ( grow angrier ) I be not leave without that tape . rebecca do not push I , Frank . I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite . dulaney lose control . 102 dulaney you fuckin ' bitch ! he grab she by the shoulder and push she into the wall . Rebecca struggle , but it be little use -- he be a man consume with rage . dulaney continue to smash she into the wall . Rebecca reach onto the desk -- lift up a fountain pen and stab it into dulaney 's shoulder at the base of he neck . dulaney scream and let go . Rebecca start to run into the live room . dulaney follow . int . live room - night dulaney catch Rebecca -- grab she -- spin she around -- then backhand she across the face , knock she to the ground . in the b.g. the video of they in bed play on the screen . dulaney sit on top of she and grab she by the hair . he repeatedly smashes she head onto the floor . man' voice let she go ! dulaney stop . he look behind he . he Pov stand in the bedroom doorway be Dr. paley . he be hold a gun at dulaney . dulaney stare at he with disbelief as he stagger to he foot , he hand hold the wound on he shoulder . a short , breathless laugh drift out of dulaney as he start to put it all together . Rebecca stand up , hold she head as she try to catch she breath . dr . paley ( to Rebecca ) be you alright ? Rebecca nods . her face harden . rebecca you have get to kill he , Alan . dr . paley what ? 103 dulaney she 's right , paley . you have get to kill I . she do not have to -- she 's free -- she can not be try again -- but you , you plan it with she . you supply the Coke . you be a accessory to murder . rebecca shoot he . paley struggle to make a decision . the gun shake in he hand . suddenly , the whole scheme become clear to dulaney . dulaney do not you see what she 's do ? she need you to kill I . she 's plan it that way from the start . that 's why she phone I tonight . dr . paley you call he ? rebecca no -- he 's lie . dulaney how 's it suppose to work Rebecca ? you and paley celebrate you victory . you get I over here and provoke a fight so he have to rush in and save you -- but then he 's give himself away as you accomplice -- now he have to kill I . ( to paley ) after that I figure she will tell the Police that you break in . that you be craze because we humiliate you in court ? rebecca do not listen to he . can not you see he 's try to turn you against I . 104 dulaney ( continue ; to paley ) here 's the good part . the truth die with I and she turn State 's evidence against you . it will not matter what you say . no one will believe you version -- you have already discredite yourself in court . you will go away forever and she will have the money all for herself . she 's play we both perfectly . paley be become more and more confuse . dulaney move towards he . paley lower the gun slightly . rebecca Alan , listen to I . if you do not kill he it 's over . everything we do will be for nothing . dr . paley shut up , Rebecca . dulaney she 's good be not she ? but maybe with you it 's the real thing . ( point to the screen ) I be sure all that night she be fuckin ' I she be think of you . confusion crowd paley 's mind . dulaney I be sure that every orgasm she have with I be fake . dr . paley that 's enough . dulaney I mean she only screw I two or three time a night because she have to -- I be sure she do not enjoy it . rebecca ( softly ) I love you , Alan . you have to believe I love you . kill he ! kill he and we can be together forever ! 105 dulaney that 's right , she love you . just like she love roston and marsh and I . do not be a fool . you be nothing to she . the second you pull that trigger she will turn on you . betrayal fill paley 's face . his eye fill with tear . dr . paley ( to Rebecca ) I love you . rebecca ( tense ) Alan , do not let he do this . you be everything to I . ( she move closer ) give I the gun . give I the gun and I will do it for you . paley stare at she -- he mind race . pain fill he face as he fight to make a decision . suddenly , he face tense . he start to raise the gun at dulaney -- then just as suddenly he turn it on Rebecca and fire . the bullet hit Rebecca in the chest . the force blow she off she foot . paley stare at she blankly . he slowly lower the gun and drop it to the floor , then stagger over to Rebecca . on rebecca she stare up through glaze , dead eye . paley take she pulse . he break down , weep over she body , he tear signal to dulaney that she be dead . ext . rebecca' house - later - night Police car be line up outside , they red light flashing . int . rebecca' live room - night member of the police force , along with forensic people go over the area . dulaney sit on the couch . he look indifferent -- as if all emotion have be suck out of he . troxell be beside he , take note . dulaney look up . a bodybag on a stretcher be be wheeled out of the room . 106 dulaney follow it with he eye . Cardenas enter from the bedroom . they lock eye . cardenas paley 's confess to the whole thing . it 's like he 's get no will to live now that she 's go . ( think for a moment ) she almost get away with it . ironic , huh ? do you believe in karma , Frank ? dulaney do not answer . cardenas well -- call it what you want . fate. destiny . we usually get what we deserve in the end . a beat . dulaney look at he wearily . dulaney can I go ? cardenas ( to troxell ) you get he statement ? troxell yeah . cardenas then you can go . dulaney get up and start for the door . Cardenas watch he . cardenas Frank ? dulaney turn around slowly . Cardenas reach into he raincoat pocket and take out a vhs tape . cardenas I find this video in she room . it have you name on it . the two man lock eye . there be a long silence between they . dulaney wait for Cardenas ' next move . cardenas ( hold it out ) I assume it 's yours . dulaney know that Cardenas have see it . a hint of a grateful smile show on he face . he take the tape . 107 dulaney thanks . ext . rebecca' house - night a light rain fall . dulaney walk out and head towards the street . he stop -- look back at the condo -- then walk down the street towards he car . fade to black --------------------------------------------------------------